



Book I... QUICKSILVER

Book II… LINER

Book III…THE FOOL

Book IV…REACH THE BEACH

Book V…SAVED BY ZERO


Paul Andrew Ward





Quicksilver
By Paul Andrew Ward
captpaul@mail.com
Published by Paul Ward at Smashwords.com
copyright 2011 Paul Ward

Smashwords Edition, License Notes

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.


All characters are fictional.  Any resemblance to persons real or otherwise are strictly coincidental.


Dedicated to Daniel and Joseph, my inspiration for everything.


With Thanks to The Fixx who’s music provided so much inspiration.  
The Chapter headings are all Fixx songs.


I
All Is Fair
The autumn night came to Bay Street like a kite between breezes.  Wagging its’ tail as it lowered itself upon the day, lighting street lamps as it moved along.  The wind whispered through the leafless trees, stirring the odd piece of paper down the commercial strip.  The convertibles and summer shorts had long been tucked away, but outside one bar, a motorcycle was parked.  As if someone forgot to put it away at summer's end.  A neon sign burned in the window, but it was the Pepto-Bismol pink facade that caught your eye.  You couldn’t help but wonder, “Why?”  Then you would move along to one of the more popular “clubs” on the strip.  This was not the bar people came to Bay Street for.  If the bike didn’t tell you that, a peak beyond the neon sign would.  Too small for a dance club, ‘The Narrows’ fed off of a crew of regulars that got younger as the night progressed.  The old timers faded after the dinner hour, replaced by the 20 -25 year olds that made it their home base.  Later, as the clubs opened, the kids who got turned away would show up.  This was the only bar in reach that didn’t have a bouncer or two at the door checking I.D.s.
Tonight there was a good crowd, maybe twenty people inside.  Most of them were at the bar.  One was working the jukebox, and two people were playing pool at the table centered between the bar and the side exit.  By the way, never come in the side door in a place like this.  It only makes you look suspicious.  Walk right in the front door.  No one will even blink.  And just look at that.  Right on cue, a big blonde kid in his mothers’ favorite sweater and his fathers’ best cologne walks right through the side door.  His two slackies tumble in right behind him.  Right up his ass.  The thin dude playing pool straightens up and turns just enough to get them in his peripheral vision.  The sweater thinks he stood up to let him pass.  He heads straight for the bar.  Flunky #1 hovers directly behind him and scans the room.  Flunky #2 heads for the bathroom.  Slim goes back to his pool game as the sweater orders a pitcher and heads for a table.  He tells his boy to put some quarters up on the pool table.  He complies immediately.  Slim smiles inside.  Fresh fish.  He’ll have to get through this game first.  Jim, the off duty bartender is ahead by three balls, and slim is not having his best night.  Sweater boy sidles up to the table, beer in hand and assesses the situation on the table.  Jim is about to bank the five around the eleven for the side.
“Wrong shot.  Take the two uptown.” sweater boy announces.  
“Wrong answer.”  Slim corrects.  Slim notices the wobble in his stance.  
“Wasn’t askin’ you.” Sweater boy lifts his head to meet slims eyes.  Slim cocks his head and puts his chin out just a little for the big kid.  
“No.  We, weren’t asking you.”  He takes a half step closer to the kid, still with his chin out.  A calling card saying “Here it is.  Take it.”  The kid bites.  His arm is into a full roundhouse before anyone knew it.  Except for slim.  His knees are folding him under the kids swing, as his right arm is bringing something large and black into the kids face.  A motorcycle helmet!  Wow, the sweater hits the floor as limp as yesterdays laundry.  A bat flies from behind the bar and in a flash Jimmy is poking flunky #1 in the chest with it.
“You came to the wrong bar to fuck around asshole.”  
“Get this sack of shit out of here.”  He helps the sweater to his feet and now Jimmy has the bat trained on him.  
“Be smart, at least once tonight.”  Flunky #2 comes out of the bathroom completely confused.  Slim turns to him.  
“You were just leaving.”  
“Right.  Right.”  He obediently jumps to his friends’ side and they head right back out the side door.  
“You better get going too, Jack.”  
“But.”  Jim hands him his helmet.  
“Goodnight.”  
“G’night Jim.”  He takes his helmet and heads out the front door.  He’s not even clear of the door when he sees the three musketeers looking at his bike.  He takes a half step towards them.  The sweater backs up a step.  A squad car turns the corner and Pat Finn yells out the window.  
“Everything okay here Jack?” 
“Sure Pat, they were just admiring my ride.”  
“Just don’t get on it or in front of it boys.”  
Jack gave them one more favor out of earshot from the squad car.  
“Don’t let them see you driving.  Go take a walk.”  
Twice tonight they were smart enough to take good advice.  A Honda sped by and tooted its horn at Jack.  It was Linda, again.  He waved, got on the bike, started it up, put his earphones in and his helmet on and headed for the other end of the Island.  Too early for home, and too late for Bay Street.



II
Tim Wysnewski sat in the comfortable leather chair waiting for Mr. Scallin to call him into his office.  The secretary was nice enough.  She hadn’t stonewalled him at least.  Catching Mr. Scallin on a Friday afternoon was a miracle in the first place.  That he was willing to discuss his project meant that this was probably a waste of time, but that’s what junior reporters were for.  Tim had come across Mr. Scallin’s name while doing a little research for the stock market paper that employed him.  Tim was a half a step above intern, but certain he was on his way.  Buried in the tickertape of the day’s news, a blurb came over the wire that SkyNet had applied with the FCC for a mainframe-polling license.  Not too unusual, probably some marketing tool.  It was the numbers attached to it that caught Tim’s attention.  125 local extensions, in each of the 5 Boroughs and the licenses were permanent. There was no listed purpose, or contact.  Tim presumed it was a research donation of some sort.  Two weeks earlier Rutgers University Technology Dept. had signed a contract with Lycent to build 3 million phone attachments that allow you to swipe a credit card on it.  It would be able to plug into your phone, or by USB connection, to your computer.  Tim figured the two could be related.  Both were big numbers.  What surprised him were the basic figures from SkyNet.  They had over 5 million commercial account lines, but 2.7 million residential lines.  It looked like the devices were going to the residential sector, but why?  He began to dig around and found out that Mr. Scallin filed the FCC applications.  Tim expected him to be an attorney for SkyNet.  What he found out was that he was the lead technician in charge of new product development.  Even the retentive clerk at the FCC thought that was peculiar.  He pointed out that although SkyNet was listed on the application and the licenses would be in Mr. Scallin’s name.  He had no information on who made the initial donation to Rutgers.  He said that many donations are made anonymously.  Maybe they weren’t related.
Tom Scallin opened the left side of the large double doors to his office.  A friendly face greeted Tim with a two handed handshake.  
“Mr. Wysnewski, glad to meet you.  Please come in.”  
“I am always happy to help out our student program.  What can I do for you?”  Tom closed the door behind him.  
“Well, actually sir, I am neither in your program, nor a student.”  Mr. Scallin stopped mid-stride, turning back toward Tim.  
“Oh?  Well, how is it you come here today?”  
“I work for the Financial Journal.  I was interning there for the last two years.  I did some research on your company during my first summer.  Maybe that is where your information came from.”  
“I see.  Quite possible.  You understand as a reporter of course that our product development department is very security conscious.”  
“Naturally.  And of course Mr. Scallin, you realize that my paper is interested in your endeavors.”  
“Naturally.”  
“I hope our interests are not completely contradictory.”  
“Well, let’s see.  Just what is it you came here to discuss.”  He continued toward his desk.  
“Well, I handle most of the wire stories.  Mostly just converting them into readable sentences for the Business Notes column.”  
“Not a bad place to start, Tim.”  
“Yes, but let me assure you that I am not looking to make my big break here, with you.  I just wanted to know if you wanted to expand a little on the license applications you made recently.”  
“Well of course that is a little sensitive, but, I can clue you in a bit.  Rutgers University Political Science department had recently asked us if we could develop a better system for polling during elections.”  
Poly-Sci, Tim realized that he couldn’t trace the order because he was looking in Tech studies.  
“Rutgers.  Really?  That’s interesting because I had seen a note recently about Rutgers ordering a few million credit card swipes.  Do you know anything about that?”  
“You are going to do well Mr. Wysnewski.  Yes, in fact I do know something about that.  The technology that we came up with involves that equipment.  Rutgers received a donation to fund the project.  I do have some bad news for you I’m afraid.  You see all of this is being done on a strict, non-profit basis.  I have volunteered my time, in fact, I wrote the software.  SKYNET has generously allowed me to borrow their name to help speed the licensing process.  They would not go so far as signing the permits however."  
"So this is not going to interest my readers beyond Lycent’s sales contract.”  
Tom finished Tim’s thought for him.  
“Which they already know about.”  
“I should have called.”  
“Well I would have appreciated it, I am trying to get home, and Friday traffic is a killer.”  
Tim laughed heartily.  
“Yes.  Yes, I know.”  
Tom stood up and walked around his desk.  
“Well it was still a pleasure to meet you Tim.  I wish you all the luck in the world.”  
Tim finished Tom’s thought this time.  
“Call you next time?”  
“Call me anytime, Tim.  It has been a pleasure.”  
“Thank you.”  
Tim took Mr. Scallin’s hand.  This time he only got one hand he noticed, and it was noticeably sweaty.  As they reached the door, Tim suspected that there was more.
“Tom, can I ask one more favor?”  
Before Tom could answer, 
“Strictly for my own curiosity, can I see this system?”  
“I’d love to Tim, but it is all being run from Rutgers, and they are looking to patent it so it is pretty tight right now.”  
“I understand.  I wouldn’t make it all the way down to Rutgers.  I was just curious for myself, a little preview maybe.  Thank you for your time, I really appreciate it.”  
Tim was greasing his ass as best he could without giving it away.  This guy’s story stunk.  Damn little of what he said made sense.  First off, why would Rutgers, a New Jersey University, call on SkyNet, a New York Phone Co.?  If Rutgers wanted to do political polling, they would want it in New Jersey, not New York.  Why reserve all of those New York exchanges?  Now this could all be passed up on the excuse that these decisions were made on the basis of who donated what, but that wouldn’t cover all of it.  Mr. Scallin here just let out that he wrote the software.  No-one and I mean NO-ONE gives away copyrights to software.  No-one.  Not to mention Mr. Scallin, was clearly sweating something.  Was he just vain enough that he had to brag about writing the software?  He wasn’t supposed to tell anyone that, was he?  That was the one major chink in the armor.  Was that what he was sweating?
“Well Tim, to tell you the truth, I do have my program here.  I guess there’s no harm in showing you.”  
If he played this right, he just might get what he’s looking for.  
“Do you know Cobalt?”  
Tim tried to look puzzled.  
“The color?”  
“That’s what I wanted to hear.  C’mon in and take a look.”  
“Does this have anything to do with that American Express “BLUE” card?”  
“No Tim, nothing.  Cobalt is a computer language.  I wanted to be sure you aren’t a programmer.”  
“Oh.  No problem there.  I only use Word here at the paper.”  
They had gotten back into Scallin’s office.  He started the computer over on the credenza.  The keyboard had a credit card swipe on it.  Tom took off his suit jacket and hung it over the back of the chair.  Tim pulled up a chair next to him.  The Windows startup screen flashed on.  
“A Windows program?  I thought you wrote it yourself?”  
“I did. Microsoft hasn’t monopolized everything you know.”  
“Yeah, I know, I just figured this was some Hi-Tech,  Phone-Company-only system.  Please tell me the phone companies don’t use Bill Gate’s software?”  
“Not even our accounting department.  But Rutgers wanted a common platform.  You can’t get around Windows.”  
“Oh, okay that makes sense.”  
The screen passed to the Desktop and Tom quickly clicked on an icon with a globe labeled Free World.  A screen with a small gray box on a background of the American Flag appeared.  Inside the box was a prompt to “Swipe card.”  Tom produced a small stack of plain white swipe cards from the drawer of the credenza.  He took one from the top and swiped it through the keyboard.  The text in the prompt changed.  “Welcome Mr. Smith”   “Please enter PIN, then ENTER.”  Tom returned the card to the swipe, but ran it backwards this time.  “Thank you Mr. Smith.  Access approved.”  Over the speakers he heard a familiar 
“Welcome”  
“Now that, I have heard before.”  
“Yes, I stole it from AOL.”  
“I know.  I hear the commercials in my sleep.”  
“Well I wanted a familiarity to the system.  That was a pretty easy steal, but we’ll have to replace it before we take this to market.”  
A calendar appeared on the screen.  It had three tabs along the bottom, Local, State and Federal.  Tom clicked on the State tab.  The Governors race was listed as the 14th.  He clicked on that.  The Republican candidate was highlighted in red.  
“See that.”  Tom said, “That’s because I um, err, Mr. Smith, is a registered Republican.  That, along with a slew of information is entered when you register in the system.  Basic stuff, name, address, voting district, social security number.  You then get issued one of these cards with security codes built in, it’s a smart card system.  You don’t want anyone else using your voting card, any more than your credit card.”  
Okay, that was three now, first he talked about taking this to market, that meant commercial and the non profit end went out the window.  Then the Pin being re-encrypted in reverse, very unusual.  But he just called this a “Voting Card.”  Mr. Scallin right clicked on the Republican candidate and a list appeared on the screen.  “Voting history, Attendance, Platform, Bio.”  “That gives you all of the background information on the candidate.  If I left click his name, I enter my vote.”  
Then he clicks the button that reads “Instant Update.”  A smaller window appears with the four candidates, and the votes received.  
“Of course my guy is way out in front."  
"Yeah, by twenty five of a total of one hundred votes cast.”  
“We just simulated this for presentations.  I had a clerk enter the votes, and it took him 2 hours to enter the hundred we got.”
“There is no way to automate the process?”  
“Of course not Tim.  That would be a project killer.  Don’t you think?”  
“Yeah, or, no, maybe, I don’t think.”  
Tim was trying to sound stupid.  
“It’s all new Tim, don’t sweat it.  This is not about entering data easily.  It’s about security.  It’s about reading it quickly, after it has been entered securely.”  
“Oh, so you get instantaneous results, and can see how your candidate is doing.”  
“Right, no more projections or predictions, just hard data.”  
“Cool, but what if my candidate cleans up during the polls, and I decide that I don’t need to vote?”  
“Well, this is directed at active voters.  We are hoping, and encouraging people to use this system only if they are going to actually vote.  We may introduce it at the polls.  Then only actual voters would be able to use it.”  
Tim silently wondered about the three million home users in New York.  “Okay, but what about anonymity?  I don’t want people to know how I voted.  That’s very personal.”  
“Our second priority.  Our first being that only you cast 1 vote of course.  All votes are entered into a huge spreadsheet.  The only thing on the spreadsheet is the Candidates’ ID number and how many votes.  When you vote in this system, the security checks give you access to this sheet.  Once you are in, your vote makes one entry in the column you chose.  It is entered as a “1.”  All the sheet does is total up the votes in each column.”  
“So the sheet doesn’t know who is voting, just that the security system was satisfied?”  
“Correct.  Very basic, but no less secure than your credit card account.  Actually, even more secure.”  
“That’s great!  What about my Grandma?  She has no computer, and don’t tell me you’re going to get her to do all of this through a phone menu, it ain’t happening.”  
“Yes, we have considered that and while we did build the phone access in, we also gave the card portability.  Now she can come to your house and you can help her vote on your computer.”  
“I’m not sure I like that option.”  
“Push come to shove we will have to maintain some of the old voting systems so that no one is left behind.”  
“Not to be a downer here Tom, but, Who cares?”  
“Right now, you, Rutgers and me.”  
“Well, Rutgers and you.  No offense.”  
“Don’t you vote?”  
“Yes, of course I do.”  
“Wouldn’t you like to be able to vote from home, whenever you wanted, on all of the issues?”  
Tim got that feeling again.  
“Is that where this is going?”  
Tom collected himself a little.  
“Well ideally.  That is what I would like to see.  I wrote the program so that it could take us there.  The security is at that level, and so is the technology.  All we need is for the public to embrace it.  That will come after it is proven as a polling tool.”  
“Wow!  Okay, now that’s cool.”  
“Yes, but only to you, Rutgers and me.  Right?”  
“Of course.  Like I said, I am only interested for my own curiosity.  Besides, it sounds like a good thing you’re doing.  It’s certainly nothing that I’d want to throw a wrench into.”  
“Well thank you Tim.”  
“Tom, let me go so far as to say that this is all off of the record, and it stays right here with me.”  
“I appreciate that.  A lot of the success of this project will rely on public perception.  We cannot afford any mudslinging.  It will be dead before it gets off of the ground.”  
“Not to worry, and you know who to call when you are ready to go public.”  
“You’re on the top of my list Tim.  Thank you.”  
“Thank you sir.”  Tom picked the swipe card off of the credenza and handed it to Tim.  Here, take this, you can access the system with it.  Keep track of our progress.  I’ll send you any updates that might interest you.”  Do me a favor Tim?  Keep your ear to the ground and let me know if you hear anything that I might need to know.  After the Gore Bush debacle, anyone could, and probably should be working on this.  I’m pretty sure that I am ahead of the pack on this one.”  
“Done sir.”  
As Tim got up from his chair he noticed a card with the flag on it in the chest pocket to Tom’s suit.  The jacket was hung over the back of his chair.  He reached over as if to lean on the back of the chair when he got up.  He dropped the card Tom gave him into the pocket, and slipped both of them out.  Glancing at it quickly he noticed “A1” stenciled in the upper left corner.  He slipped it into his pants pocket quickly.  
“Mr. Scallin, I have taken up way too much of your time.  I thank you for everything.”  
He reached for the doorknob and turned to shake hands.  
“My pleasure Tim.  Like I said keep me in mind.”  
“Always sir.  Have a good weekend.”  
The secretary was gone now, and Tim headed directly for the elevator.  He was the one sweating now.  It seemed like an eternity before he was on the street.  Which way to Fred’s print shop?  Oh yeah, Front street.  Maybe this was his big break after all.
Fred was just closing up his father’s print shop when Tim arrived.  “Hey Tim, I’m just closing out.  Wanna go for a beer?”  
“Maybe Freddie.  I have to check something out first.”  
Tim stepped behind the counter and went right for the credit card machine.  “How do you work this thing?”  
“Just swipe the card through.  It’s all automatic.”  
Tim slid the card through and hit the pause button so he could copy down the numbers.  He grabbed a piece of scrap paper from behind the counter and began scribbling frantically.  
“Whose card you got, The Trump’s?  How far can we go on it?”  
“I wish Freddie.  This may be nothing, but I have a bad feeling about this guy, and this should be able to tell me why.”  
The machine beeped, but nothing came up on the screen.  Tim scanned the small shop.  The ancient printing presses dominated the room.  Then he saw what he was looking for.  
“Is that computer online?”  
“What do you think I do all day?  I work for a living you know.”  
“I’ll take that as a yes.”  
Freddie laughed as he conceded.  
“AOL okay?”  
Tim signed on and typed in the web-site address, www.FWE.com. The gray screen returned.  “Please enter PIN, then press ENTER.”  The swipe card.  
“Damn!  Fred your computer doesn’t have a swipe.”  
“Nooo, our credit card machine has the swipe.”  
“But I need one on the computer.”  
“Can’t help you there pal.  Hey Tim, doesn’t the card store down the street have one of those computer cash registers, with the swipe?”  
"Fred, I’d kiss you if I didn’t know how homophobic you are!”  
“I appreciate that, I think.”  
“The girl, you know her right?”  
“Kelli? Yeah sure, tell her I sent you.”  
Tim grabbed his papers and was out the door.  
“I’ll be in the bar next door.”  
Too late, Tim was gone.
Down the street Tim had to beg this girl, Kelli, to let him open the closed register.  Once he told her Fred was waiting in the bar for her, she couldn’t help enough.  The register was online, and she went to close her own register so she could go meet Freddie.  Her aunt Barbara owned the shop, and was none to happy to see Timmy working one of her registers while a line of customers were backing up at Nester’s register.  Timmy punched swiped and damned near kicked the machine to get what he needed.  Finally, he got the screen with the globes and charts.  He swiped the card, then backwards.  “Welcome Tom.”  The calendar appeared, just like before.  This time though there was a tool bar at the top of the screen.  Most of it was standard Windows items.  Tim went right for the Tools pull down list.  Most of the items on the list were predictable.  Add Category, Add Event, Add form, Tabulate Data, Calculate data.  Tim tried the other lists, and found nothing surprising there either.  Just to be thorough, he tried every button and pull down list.  Some he didn’t understand, but they seemed harmless enough.  Then he hit the Window list.  It showed 2 windows open in the program.  The active one was called “Input,” the other was called “Access.”  Tim knew this was a Microsoft program, but wanted to see it anyway.  The program Tom built was probably based on, and calculated with the database program.  When the windows changed Tim didn’t see Microsoft Access.  It was another gray screen.  This one took the same reverse swipe.  Then came the now familiar calendar.  He checked the candidate Tom showed him earlier.  Now there were a few extra buttons.  One was an on / off switch with a “V” and a “L” as the options.  Then there was a percentage button.  The list gave “Default” and “Other” as the options.  The other option gave a pop up window to enter the desired percentage.  Tim heard a loud crash, and people began screaming and running out on the street.  He stretched to look up the street and saw a car parked up on the sidewalk, the front end well into Fred’s print shop.  Tom Scallin was running into the shop.  This was clearly a bad thing.  Tim grabbed the card and flew out of the store.  He never logged off.



III
Scotch Plains New Jersey.  Tom Scallin is in the Kitchen of Joey Scarlucci’s “La Cosa Pasta” Restaurant.  Sweat is pouring off of him as he uses a laptop computer on the tiny table Joey uses for private ‘sit downs.’  He could be in the refrigerator and he’d still be sweating at this point.  (As if he’s be caught alive in their refrigerator!)  He discovered the card was missing from his pocket when he threw his coat over his arm on the way to the car.  The loss almost stopped his heart instantly.  He tracked the card usage on his laptop.  He kept finding and losing wireless networks, but he nearly got him in Brooklyn.  Tim was in that card store less than five minutes before him.  He had to make some calls.  Not wanting a record of the call on his cell phone, he pulled over and called Joey from a payphone by the Liberty Science Center in Jersey City.  He looked out over the harbor at the Statue of Liberty as he told Joey that there was “a problem.”  He seriously questioned his own liberty, and longevity.  His second call was to his wife to tell her he had a problem with work, and would be late.  He told her he loved her.  That made her worry.  She saw the 201 New Jersey area code on the caller ID.  She was sorry that she looked.
Joey wasn’t sweating.  He was working the phone, and barking in monosyllable grunts that somehow got his point across without giving anyone on the other end of the phone taps anything to work with.  The steam in the kitchen was killing Tom’s laptop, but he kept working.  His blood pressure rising every time he saw that stupid hourglass staring back at him.  He damn near had a heart attack when he lost the connection before.  He had him.  The little prick had been in downtown Brooklyn.  Some pissant print shop called The Job, down by the courts.  Joey explained it to Tom in simple terms.  Joey was not yet connected to this mess.  Except by his money.  Mr. Scallin and his respiratory system guaranteed his money.  You see, if Tom didn’t get that card back and clean this mess up, his lungs were going to be removed by a melon baller, while he watched.  Tom was going to be very late getting home.
Tim was scared.  He didn’t know if Fred was safe, but he knew that he wasn’t.  He walked as fast as he could to the nearest train station and got on the first one that showed up.  It was heading for Coney Island.  It tickled him momentarily that Coney Island was, for the first time he could recollect, a safe place to be.  He got off in Bay Ridge, and caught the bus over the Verrazano Bridge to Staten Island.  The bus left him on the North Shore.  He’d have to take another bus to get to the train.  (Yes, I said Train.  Singular.  750 thousand people, 43 square miles, and ONE track.  You’d swear it was only ONE train too.  The Gov’t. called it Rapid Transit.  The Islanders called it the Roaming Turtle.)  Joe’s Paramount was closer.  Tim walked to the bar and called a cab from there.  Horris, the regular bartender was just getting on duty.  
“Hey scruffy, the whole crew comin’ down?”  
“Nah, I just had a job over in Brooklyn, and I’m waiting for car service.” 
Horris didn’t get the connection, but didn’t stretch his mind too far trying to figure it out. 
“Oh, okay.”  
The news was on the TV overhead.  There had been a disturbance in downtown Brooklyn.  There had been a vehicle on the sidewalk, a lot of confusion, and a cash register was stolen from the card shop.  The driver fled the scene.  Police were still investigating.  He missed where they interviewed Fred and he coyly managed to get a plug in for the shop.
Tim got a draught and headed toward the back of the bar, to the booth where the gang used to hang out.  He was only back there for a minute or two before the car showed up.  He left his glass on the table in the booth.  Aside from his address, he never spoke a word to the driver the whole way home.
He paced the floors for about an hour, at breakneck speed.  He didn’t want to involve anyone else, but he knew he was out of his league.  Jack could help.  But how much, and for how long.  No.  He did the right thing.  He gave Jack something to go on, but nothing to connect him.  That was the right thing.  Now, the paper, the cops, even the Feds, couldn’t stop it.  His fate was sealed.  His story was over.  Tom Scallin had tracked him to Brooklyn, and he would track him here.  It would be a very short time before they got to him.  He did the most noble thing he could think of.  He headed through the backyard for his brother’s house.  He made sure to close everything up at his house like he never made it home.  He wanted it to look like he came here first and only.  Now he broke open his brother Roger’s Chivas Regal and sat in his Charger. The one that Tim was never allowed to drive.  He snatched one of his cigars while he was at it.  He settled in behind the wheel, started it up, put in his Bob Dylan CD and started swigging Chivas and poking that fat cigar.  He did his part.  Jack better fill in the blanks.



IV

Noon crept through the blinds like a sword to the eye.  Jack winced at the pain before making the mandated trip toward the aspirin bottle.  The banging came again, then the shouting.  Jack barely glanced toward the door while emptying the green bottle.  Eight extra strength, lukewarm water, and some nut at the door.  This day had better go up from here.
Jack struggled over to the door to see the bottom of the barrel.  The Blue hat, with tin on it.  Remembering the fight from last night he thought.  “Jesus, that little prick has juice?”  
He opened the door, it was Jim.  Jim was a second circle friend.  An okay guy, but a friend of a friend, not on the inside so to speak.  Well, it was better than a regular cop.  
“Hey Jim, rousting me?”  
“Not exactly Jack.”  
“That has an “official business” tone to it.”  
Jack raised his hands to make the little finger quote marks in the air.  His empty cup still dangling from his fingertips as he turned back into the apartment.  Jim let himself in.  
“Were you with Tim Friday night?”  
“Oh, this will be easy.   No.  I haven’t seen him in weeks.  Wait a minute, don’t tell me that Tim is in trouble.  And I’m not.  This is going to be a good day after all.  Want some juice Jim?”  
“Jack.”  
Jack turned waiting for the rest of the sentence.  
“Wha?  What damnit?”  
Jim looked at the floor. 
“Tim’s dead.”  
Jack had his usual selfish thoughts.  ‘Well this ought to be a pain in my ass.’  He was always sorry for thinking like that, but he couldn’t help it.  When the trade Center collapsed after the attacks, all he could think of was, ‘Damn I wish I owned a Staples in downtown.  Okay, maybe above Canal St.’ Jim took a seat at the kitchen table and Jack gave him some O.J.  Jack was clearly, thoroughly annoyed by the news.  Jim wanted coffee, like any good cop, but he knew Jack didn’t have any.  Funny, you’d swear he was a Java Junkie, but he barely touched it.  Jack lit up a Marlboro and smoked it hard.  Jim just stared at him, waiting for the questions.  Jack just sat slumped from the burden this created.  He too was waiting for the questions.  Do you know this?  Who would that?  All crap.  He had no idea about any of it.  Jack gave in first.  
“Okay, what happened?”  
“Frankly, I thought…”  
“Well I am sorry to disappoint you, but I know nothing about it.  Thanks for insulting me on so many levels at once, dickhead.”  
Jack was into a mild rant, more against himself than anyone else.  
“No I wasn’t close enough with one of my best friends to know why he turned up dead.  No I am not such a piece of shit that I had to have something to do with it.  Anything positive to contribute here, JIM!?”  
“No, not really.  Just bad news and insults, sorry Jack.”  
“Fuck it.”  
Jack smoked hard at the last of his cigarette, already eyeing the next one.   “I’ve been shit on by better than you.  Now, what happened?”  
“We don’t really know.  Tracey found him Saturday afternoon.  After not hearing from him last Friday night or Saturday morning, she went over there.  She went to his place and found nothing, so she checked Roger’s house.  Tim was caring for the dog while Roger was in Miami.  They’re back to back the houses.  The dog was sitting by the door to the garage.  He was in there.  The place was tossed.”  
“How?”  
“Carbon Monoxide, we think he did it himself.”  
“Get the fuck.”  
“No.  He did it.  A bottle of Chivas, a cigar, and Dylan on the CD.”
“That’s Tim.”  Was Tim, you heartless bastard Jack thought to himself.  He was pretty sure Jim was thinking it too.  
“The note, what did the note say?”  
“No note.”  
“NO note!  He was a writer you Moron!  There has to be a note.”  
“No note.  Tracey said the same thing.  That’s the problem.  Why no note, and why was the place tossed?”  
Tim was world class slob, his brother Roger wasn’t far off.  
“Maybe he was looking for the cigar,” Jack joked.  
“Maybe he was looking for the garage?” Jim joked back.  They both laughed out loud at that one.  
“You sure it was tossed?”  Jack asked half seriously.  
“Yeah,” Jim replied still chuckling.  "Tracey had to confirm it for us though!  She had been over to feed the dog a couple of times.”  
They both laughed out loud again, even harder.  Then Jim felt guilty.  
“This ain’t right Jack.”  
“The Hell it ain’t.  You’d be rolling on the floor if it was me.”  
“There’d be a parade if it was you, ya prick.”  
“Yeah yeah, and I’d be laughin’ my ass off watching it.  All right, but back to business, what do you want from me?”  
“Well, I figured someone ought to tell the others.”  
Jack’s head hit the table.  So this was it.  Jack got to be the town crier.  If they’re going to want to kill the messenger, the messenger may as well be Danning.  
“You suck Jim.  You know that?”  
“Yeah, but they still like me.  You have nothing to lose.”  
“That’s three prick, you may go now.”  
Without lifting his head from the table he points to the door.  
“Actually, I do have to go, but don’t wait till they see it on the news.” 
Jim headed for the door, alone.  
“And Jack,” 
Jack lifted his head.  
“Don’t leave town.”  
Jack threw his cup at the door as it closed behind Jim.
Three more smokes and a shower and he was out the door.  The helmet felt good on his head, it almost contained the headache.  The headphones were blaring Van Halen.  Jack had bought the headphones that go inside the ears so he could listen while riding.  He didn’t know of any other riders that did that, but couldn’t for the life of him figure out why not.  He would go insane in that helmet with nothing but the engine and his own thoughts bouncing around in there.  The bike didn’t feel quite as well as the helmet.  It was fine.  Jack was the problem.  A little weak from last night, compounded by the good news he had for breakfast.  He headed for Linda’s.  She lived on the other side of College Hill.  Not only the closest, but it also meant he got to start with the hillside roads.  Straight up, and straight down, not too much traffic, and no lights.  It was just the kind of clear run he needed to start with.  
He backed the bike in between her Honda Civic, and a beige van.  Her apartment was the top floor of a three story, three family home in a mostly single family home neighborhood.  It was nearly two o’clock already, but he stood an even chance of her being here.  Ever since Rod moved in, they had been quite the homebodies.  As he rang the bell for the third floor apartment his cell phone began ringing.  As he pried it out of his jacket he heard someone calling to the street from the window.  
“Hello?  Who’s there?”  
Jack stepped off of the porch.  
“It’s me Linda.”  
“Jack!”  
She held out her cordless phone, 
"I was just calling you.”  
“Weird,” 
Jack said it aloud.  You see, Linda had a way of popping up, like this.  
“I’ll be right down.”  A moment later he saw her through the curtain covering the glass panes of the front door.  It had been a while since they had seen each other, a month, maybe two.  She threw her arms out and they hugged briefly.  
“How are you girl?”  
“Peachy babe.  How about you?”  
Welcome to the pit, he thought.  
“Okay.  You got a couple of minutes?”  
“Sure.  C’mon up.”  
He looked around, at nothing in particular.  Just enough to let her know that he didn’t want to go up.  
“Nah, just give me a minute here.”  
“Okay.  What’s up?”  
She saw his eye’s begin to well up.  Not something you saw often, if ever, on Jack Danning.  He looked down, over, away, anyplace but at her.  He knew this pause would give her a chance to consider the weight of the bad news she was about to get.  She shifted on her feat, and was about to speak.  Jack cut her off.  
“Timmy.”  
Another short pause to let her get oriented.  
“He’s dead.  Jim came by this morning and broke it to me.”  
“OhmyGod!” she gasped.  Her hand covered her mouth, and her eyes were like saucers.  
“He did it himself, but they think that there were some, “mitigating” factors.  They don’t know what yet of course, but there were some strange incidents around it.  Jim felt I should be the one to spread the word.  Kill the messenger and all that.  But I think I’ll delegate some of that your way.  If that’s okay.”  
He looked at her, the shock had begun to wear off but it still hadn’t completely sunk in.  She was shaking, and just broke down.  
“I, I, I …  I just can’t believe it.  It can’t be.”  
“Look, I ain’t real good in the consoling department.  I don’t mean to be cold about it, but I, rather, we’ve got work to do.  Go ahead up to Rod, and get yourself together.  I thought maybe we could all meet at the Paramount tonight, say eight?”  
“Joe’s?”  
“Yeah.  I’m going to need it.”  Jack admitted, “I’ll probably be there by seven.  Listen, can you tell the guys?  I’ll get the girls.”  
“Yeah, sure Jack.  I still can’t believe it though.”  
“Yeah, I haven’t gotten it yet either.”  
He knew that he had, but it makes others feel better if they think that you're struggling too.  Then you aren’t expected to show any emotion.  
“Hey, you know what?  I better tell Stevie.”  
“Oh GOD, please do.”  
“He’s gonna be a mess, and I don’t want Freddie telling him.  He’s worse than me.”  
“He’s all yours.”  
“Any idea where I might find the girls?”  
“Bill had a game this morning at Wolf’s Pond Park, but I think they were going shopping after that.”  
“Ground Round.”   
“Probably.” Linda chuckled.  He turned toward the street immediately, wanting to leave on a good note.  
“See you tonight”  
“Eight O’clock.”
The bike was feeling better, but the stomach was feeling worse.  Jack stopped at a deli and got a large chocolate milk to lay down a base coat.  He picked up two packs of cigarettes not wanting to get stuck paying the bar prices tonight.
He took the main roads out to the mall, actually wanting the delays of Staten Island Sunday traffic.  Staten Island was not quite Brooklyn yet, but it was getting there, fast.  Too fast for Jack’s taste.  But today, he’d make it work for him.  He was still at the mall in less than twenty minutes.  The Ground Round was a restaurant chain that was attached to it.  You could get in from inside the mall, or directly from the parking lot.  He parked on the yellow hash marks that rounded off the parking rows.  The heavy leather jacket was getting kind of warm.  It was one of those beautiful days that you wish would rain.  It was like 9/11, too pretty to be so tragic.  Jack grabbed the large brass handle to the heavy wooden door and pulled hard.  The darkness of the bar stole his vision momentarily.  He knew he would be blinded on the way out too.  He stood still, rubbing his eyes as if it would help.
“Can I help?”  
It was female, he knew that much.  
“You could turn some lights on.”  
It came out as if it was her fault.  That’s exactly how she took it.  
“But then people would be able to see you,” she replied.  “That would be bad.”  
His vision was beginning to come back.  It was indeed female, and a redhead.  She was clearly pissed off now, too.  May as well go with it.  He leaned over the coat check counter and peered down at the floor.  Naturally, she thought he was looking at her legs, or worse.  
“That’s a good way to lose your vision permanently.”  
Ooh a feisty one.  
“But then I wouldn’t be able to see you, Darlin’.”  
“You’re about two seconds from feeling some real pain mister.”  “Relax, I wasn’t looking at you.  I was looking at those bags”  
“That’s it!”  
“The shopping bags.  I was looking to see if my friends were here, and from the look of those bags, I’d say they were.”  
“You might want to check the bar!”  
“Yes, but this was more fun.”  
“The pleasure was all yours.”  
“Indeed.  We can still be friends though.”  
“I’d prefer we were still strangers.”  
If you’re going to screw something up, screw it up all the way.  There was no way she was going to like him, so he might as well have some fun, and make her hate him.  It was his way.
He worked his way around the row of booths, and found Debbie and Jean with two guys who were not going to like him.  They looked a bit young, and clearly had plans that Jack was about to spoil.  
“Hey guys”, he said flatly as if he was expected.  
The guys looked up as if there was already a problem, his presence, no doubt.  
“Hey Jack, wassup!?”  
“Too much.”  
He pulled a chair from the table opposite their booth.  He put the back up to the table and sat down folding his arms over the backrest.  
“Did you get to meet Sue?”  
“Sue?”  
“At the coat check, she’s the one I told you about.”  
He didn’t remember the conversation, but didn’t doubt it either.  Debbie was probably trying to establish some distance for the sake of the guys at the table.  
“Yeah, crash and burn.”  
“Already!”  
“What can I say, I work fast.”  
“You’re bad Jack.  She would have been great for you.”  
“Shoulda woulda coulda.  Next.”  
“You’re doomed.”  
“And the news is???”  
“Right, what was I thinking.  This is Greg and Mike.”  
Jack stood up from the chair.  
“Nice to meet you.”  
They shook hands.  
“Nice to meet you Jack.”  
“Listen, I hate to break this up, but I have some bad news.  Timmy’s in trouble.”  
“What were you two doing.”  
“Not me, I didn’t have anything to do with this one.”  
“So Tim found some trouble, without you?”  
Debbie looked over at Jean, and then they both looked at Jack.  
“Bah ha ha!”  
Jack just nodded and smiled.  
“Very funny girls.  I’m afraid this is no joke.”  
“Okay, what happened?”  Jean said stifling a chuckle.  
“Did Timmy’s typewriter ribbon dry out?”  
“So to speak,” added Jean.  
“Well, sort of, I guess you could say that.  Yes.”  
Jack had to resist the urge to enjoy this.  
“Listen, it’s bad, real bad.”  They still weren’t convinced.  Jean was about to start again.  He put his hand up to stop her.  
“He’s gone.”  
Jean did that RCA dog thing with her head.  
“Gone how?  ‘See ya later’ gone, right?”  
“I am afraid not.”  
“Gone gone.”  
“Gone.  Friday night.  The details are sketchy, but gone, that’s for sure.”  
“OH My God.”  
Debbie just broke directly into tears.  Jack addressed Jean.  
“He did it.  We just don’t know why yet.  Some strange goings on.  That’s all we know so far.”  
“Oh my God.  What about Tracey?”  
“I know that she knows, but I haven’t spoken to her yet.  Jim told me this morning.”  
“And you…”  
“Nothing, no idea.”  
“Sorry, I…”  
“Yeah, I know, you’re not the first.”  
“What do we do?”  
“We go to Joe’s, tonight at eight.”  
“Joe’s, yeah.”  
“I have to go find Steve.”  
Jack looked over at the two guys.  He saw exactly what he expected.  Two guys who were just shot out of the park for no good reason other than bad timing.  They will forever be linked to Tim’s death.  
“Sorry guys.”  
“Yeah,” they shrugged.  
The thinner one at least caught himself.  
“Hey, no.  We’re sorry, about your friend.”  
“Thanks.”  Rather gracious Jack thought.  
“Nice meeting you anyway.”  
He grabbed his helmet off the table and turned toward the door.  
“Eight?”  
Only Jean looked up.  
“Eight.  We’ll be there.”  
“I am going after Steve.  Wish me luck.”  
“Oh man, good luck.”  
She meant it.  As he approached the coat check he saw that Sue was deep into a novel.  Might as well seal it.  He slapped the counter with his open palm right next to the book.  
“Have a nice Day.”  
“OOO!”  
As the door was closing behind him, he heard her regroup.  
“It’s improving already.”  
Not bad he thought.  Too bad, maybe another time, another place.  Damn, he thought as the wave of orange covered his vision.  He had to stop again to wait for the sun blindness to pass.  He turned his ear to the door to make sure she wasn’t coming out to throw something at him.  He wobbled toward the bike as his vision cleared.  That was easy, Steve’s the big hump.
Jack climbed the stairs to Al G’s with each step, losing what little desire he had to live.  He lowered his head as he got in the door, peering through the crowd for Stevie.  He took a quick left to the end of the bar.  It’s the furthest from the bathrooms, and usually has some breathing room.  “Just let me get a drink in me before he sees me,” he thought as he took the last seat, all of the way in the corner.  Wayne drew him a beer on sight.  When he brought it to him, Jack stopped him.  
“Two fingers of tequila, please.”  
“What?  So you’re Clint fucking Eastwood now?”  
“No, I just need a frontal lobotomy in a glass.  What do you recommend?”  
“I recommend a full lobotomy at the Psyche Center.  Why don’t ya stick with the beer for now?  We’ll see what we can come up with later on.” 
“STEVIEEEEE!”  Wayne shouted as he turned away from Jack.  Jack’s head fell to the bar with a thud.  
“What’s the matter Jack, didn’t ya come here to see Steve?”  
“Not just yet, no.”  
“Oh, sorry.”  
“JAAAAACK!”  Steve pushed through the crowd like a warthog through a lunch line.  Wayne returned to Jack and asked for his keys.  This was a true drinking establishment.  Pizza and Chinese food were delivered in minutes, and drunks took cabs home.  To prevent any problems, they took your keys first, and if you passed the breathalyzer test when you left, you could get your keys back.  
“No thanks Wayne, in fact I’ll need Stevies’ too.”  
“Why, just because I…”  
“No Wayne, not at all.  We have a family matter.”  
As Steve broke into the clearing he saw his keys being handed to Jack.  “You got us tickets, didn’t you?  Ahhhh, we’re going to the game!  Where are we sitting, let me see ‘em.  Let me see ‘em let me see ‘em.”  
Jack had to pull out his empty pockets to stop him.  
“No tickets Steve.  In fact we’re going 180 degrees away from it.  We got a problem.”  
His face dropped and the dimples disappeared.  Jack looked away from Steve.  He noticed Wayne looking none too happy with him.  
“I don’t think you want to hear about it in here.”  
“That why you took my keys?”  
“Yeah.  It ain’t good.”  
“It’s that bad?”  
“Yeah.”  
Steve gave a limp wave to Wayne.  
“See ya Wayne.”  
Wayne looked over at Jack.  
“Can’t say it’s been a pleasure.”  
Jack returned the volley.  
“Wasn’t supposed to be.”  
“Try it sometime.”  
“Roger that.”  
Jack made a mental note to getting back here, just to watch the game, and just with Steve.  Wayne was right.  Jack put his arm around Stevie and walked him out of the bar like you would walk a new widower out of the morgue.  Half way down the steps Steve started to ask for general information.  
“Who…”  
“It’s Tim, and don’t ask anymore until you’re ready to hear it.”  
Jack knew that he had just sent a message.  Steve got it.  ‘Think the worst, hope for the best.’ he thought.  ‘Okay Timmy is dead, and he died…being gang raped in prison.’  ‘There, it can’t be worse than that, unless…’  
“Jack, did you…”  
“Fucking No.  I’m getting tired of answering that.  And don’t give me any of that shit that it only figures either.  I’ve never gotten anyone hurt but me.  Fucksure not Timmy.”  
“So he’s only hurt, right?”  
“No Steve, he’s dead, gone, game over.”  
Steve broke loose and jumped in front of Jack.  
“Fuuuuck! Whyyyy!”  
Then he screamed at the sky.  
“What the fuck did he ever do to you God?  What?”  
‘Okay, you wondered why I didn’t want to tell you in the bar?’ Jack thought.  He looked around to see if anyone from the bar was coming out to see what was going on.  Thankfully not.  
“Steve, get a grip.”   
“A grip of what Jack?  That Tim is dead and you’re alive.”  
“I don’t want a grip of that.  FUCK THAT!”  
“Why does it always come back to me?   I’m not that bad.”  
“Don’t you see Jack?  This isn’t real.  You being dead, that’s supposed to be real.  We could accept that.  We’ve been waiting for it for years.  We’re all prepared.  Have you told your mother yet Jack?”  
“No.  I haven’t had the chance.”  
Steve was jumping around and pointing at Jack.  
“Wait.  You just wait and see what she has to say.  You wait.”  
“Yeah, okay Steve, if it makes you feel better.”  
“You’ll see.”  
“Yeah, anyway, we’re meeting at Joe’s tonight at eight.”  
“Joe’s, aw shit you know I hate that place.”  
“Precisely.”  
“You’re a dick.”  
“And you’re Prince fucking Charming.”  
“So what are we going to do until then Jack?”  
“Stevie, WE aren’t doing anything.  In fact I think I’ll go tell my mother now that you mention it.  You’ve peaked my interest.”  
“That, you will do alone.”  
“Eight O’clock dickhead.”  
“Okay but I’m drinkin’ heavy and stayin’ at your dump.  And I’m Pukin’ too.”  
“Everyone needs a plan Steve.  See ya there.”  
Jack put his helmet on as he stepped up to his bike.  ‘That went well,’ he thought, meaning it.  He could still hear Steve hollering over his shoulder.  He started the bike, then started his headphones.  Steve headed home to cry through the Jet game.
Jack went by Walters to make his monthly payment.  He was early and overpaying, again.  “I just might make this after all,” he thought.  After that he headed home for another shower.  Music was his constant companion.  Inside the door, he dropped his helmet in the chair, and his keys on the counter.  He hit the stereo, looked for Bryan Ferry, then just hit the Random button.  He started stripping halfway through the kitchen.  He let the water warm up while he contemplated a shave.  Then he contemplated the razor going just a little deeper.  That would have to wait.  Got a little business, first.  Jack dressed up a bit for the evening.  It had been a while since the gang had been together.  He wore his Irish sweater under his leathers.  

Falling In Love

He stopped at the Roadhouse for a white clam pie.  It wouldn’t mix very well with his drinking later, but he planned on shoveling down some garlic bread with it.  Why not, he wouldn’t be meeting the Queen of Sheba tonight.  He let the stones carry him away on the ride to the restaurant.  The guitar solo from ‘Worried About You’ always got him.  Too soon, he was getting off the bike and pulling out the earplugs.  He left the helmet on the bike.  The place used to be a bar with a dining room attached.  Now it was a catering hall, with a bar and a small dining room attached.  That suited him fine, as long as he could get his White Clam Pie.  He entered through the bar, and the momentary blackout made him trip a little.  Size fifteen feet were okay, he just wished his brain knew about them.  As he got his bearings back he saw the two waitresses sizing him up.  He passed the men’s room and didn’t take a seat at the bar.  Yep he was theirs.  The short one stood up. 
 “Good evening sir, my name is Jenny, How many?”  
Waiting, waiting.  
“How many what?”  
Yes, he was serious.  
“How many will be dining with you tonight.”  
"Oh!  Just me.  Sorry.”  
He saw that she looked a bit put off.  
“Don’t worry, I tip like three.”  
She perked right up at that.  
“Where would you like to be seated?”  
“Actually I’d like to sit at the bar, but I didn’t want the waitresses to miss out.”  
Waiting, staring.  
“On the tip, I figured it would be a bit slow, looks like it is.”  
“Oh, well that’s very nice of you sir.”  
Again she looked put off.  She turned her head.  He thought it was going to keep going around.  
“Jane!”  
Why do I feel like they just called out the Kitchen Witch?  
“Look if it’s a problem?”  
“No problem sir.”  
I think I know why it’s slow in here on a Sunday night during Football season, Jack thought.  A delicate Italian beauty walked out with a tray of bread for an old-timer at the bar.  
“Jane will be happy to take your order.”  
Jenny returned to her seat.  Jack slipped around Jane and sat at the bend in the bar.  She was scribbling down the old-timers order.  As she finished up, Jack prepared to make his order.  He saw her lower the pad and pen as she started to turn.  
“Hi, could I just...”  
She barely raised her eyes to him as she continued out of the room.  He looked at the other waitresses at their table.  They just laughed and looked away.  A few seconds later Jane returned.  She walked up to him and without even making eye contact, asked for his order.  
“What will we be having tonight sir?”  
Without missing a beat Jack slipped out of his barstool and walked right by her without a word.  When he returned from the bathroom, she was watching the TV from the doorway to the dining room.  As he sat, she walked up again.  This time she did make eye contact, and they were green, and stunning.  Without apologizing, she began, 
“Sir I take everyone in order and as quickly as possible.”  
Jack held his palm up to her, 
“No problem, It just would have been nice to have heard that before.  But it’s cool.  My name is Jack.”  
He held out his hand.  She looked at it and then back at him.  
“You’re not very good at this ‘social’ thing are you?”  
“Sir, Jack, you were just in the bathroom.”  
“Too clean my hands!”  
“Sir I have brothers.”  
“Oouch!  I’ll tell you what, just get me a large, white, clam, pie.  If you have brothers in the kitchen, don’t let them touch my pizza.”  
He turned toward the bartender who was trying desperately not to laugh.  Jack wasn’t sure whom he was laughing at.  On that thought he realized that he didn’t care either.  
“Molson Ice Tap please.”  
The bartender lost it.  
“We’re not going to do that dance too.  Are we?”  The bartender got it together.  
“Sir, we have three tap beers here and they are all about a foot from your nose.”  
Jack turned to the old-timer.  
"Pop, you’re obviously a regular here, what do I have to do to get a beer and a pizza around here?”  
“I am not your ‘Pops,’ least it hasn’t been proved yet.  You may want to start by getting your head out of yer ass.”  
Jack fell into his barstool, mouth agape.  Too afraid to speak it out loud, he wondered what he did wrong.  He noticed Jane had returned with the old timer’s soup.  He quickly looked back to the TV.  The pizza and beers came and went.  None of them thought he was going to eat all eight slices himself.  He even followed it with another beer.  Jack enjoyed an after dinner smoke and began packing it up.  He had already paid for the beers, the pie was $18.00.  He threw a twenty and three singles down on the bar.  
“What are you doing that for?”  
It was the old man.  
“I’m not going to take your rudeness out on her.”  
The bartender smiled and bobbed his head in approval.  Jack headed for the door as fast as he could.  As he passed the back door to the kitchen he saw Jane standing there, just out of view of the cooks and the bartender.  Looking dead at him, a Sophia Loren stare!  He turned his upper body to go toward her, but somehow the lower half never got the message.  His sneaker got stuck on a high spot in the floor. It was slow motion in his head, he knew what his feet were doing, but he was powerless to stop it.  He stiffened his legs, but it was too late the momentum had him and there was no going back.  Outside of course it was a million miles an hour.  His hand grasping at thin air, his right shoulder finally hitting the exit door at about knee height.  He took his one last option.  Roll with it.  Roll until you are out in the street.  That’s exactly what he did.  He threw his legs up over his head to keep the momentum.  He had a second doorway to get through.  He brought it to a stop just halfway out the first door, stood up, shook his head and went out the second.  ‘Can somebody just shoot me.  Please,’ he thought.  He put on his helmet and headed for Joe’s.



V

No One Has To Cry

As he pulled up to Joe’s Paramount he didn’t recognize many of the cars.  He realized that it was probably because he hadn’t seen his friends in so long.  They had new cars now.  There is Linda’s Honda.  At least he knew she was here.  Oh, there’s Steve’s piece of crap.  Jack left the helmet outside again.  Not really the neighborhood for it, but what the heck.  But then again, he could have used it leaving the last place.  He climbed the two steps up, and pushed open the heavy wood door.  Horris was working this end of the bar.  Jack reached over a few heads to high five him.  
“How about a pizza in the renaissance?”  It was Trim’s favorite joke about a sign that they had behind the bar.  “Lunch Any-time.”  Horace laughed heartily until he realized it was Tim’s line.  ‘That’s fucked up’ he thought.  
“Don’t sweat it Horris.”  Jack yelled over his shoulder as he walked to the booths in the rear.  Dylan was on the jukebox, which hadn’t changed in about fifteen years.  ‘Heaven’s door’ Jack thought.  ‘Tim played that one a lot.’  As he reached their booths, two that opened out to each other, he saw a funeral.  “This must be the wrong place!”  Fred just shot him a look, Steve guzzled whatever he was drinking.  Linda was looking hopefully at Jack.  
“Uh, Hello?”  
"Hi, Hello, Tsup Hi,”  
“Umm, who ever is in charge of my night,”  
Jack picked his hands up to shoulder height, and then pointing downwards,
“don’t let this happen!”  
Fred was first.  
“We already had yours Danning, figured we’d beat the rush!”  
“Good, it’ll leave time for the parade.”  
“Yeah, we figured you’d be the only Float(‘er’) in the parade anyway.”  
Bodies found in the river were called “Floaters.”  
“That’s more like it.  That’s what we’re looking for.  Now turn it on Tim.”  
“Nooo.  We liked Tim.”  Fred again.   
"Look guys, is this what you want to look down on when you go.  Not you Fred.  We all know you want to see us all committing Hari-Kari over the loss of you.”  He continued, “I want you all laughing your asses off down here when I go.  I had a blast with all of you, and I had a blast with Tim.”  “Hell I wish you were all with me a half an hour ago.  I fell out both doors of the Roadhouse. It would have done Jerry Lewis proud.  Tim made me laugh, and he made me THINK.  He was funny, and his humor was smart!  That’s what I want to remember.”  
Linda started giggling.  
“You just reminded me.  This one time I was on the bus, and Tim was getting on…..”  
Jack spun around to get a drink and to get his coat off.  Fred got up and walked a glass of beer over to him.  
“Hey man, I appreciate that, and would you really commit Hari-Kari for me?  Cause that would be cool.”  
“Sure Fred, you leave me a solid gold sword, and I’ll jump right on it.”   
“Cool, you’re a Pal.”  
The stories played out one from another.  Sometimes you just had to sit back and soak it all up.  And that was what this night was about.
There was a beer off in the corner that obviously belonged to Tim.  When Jack bought a round of shots he put one next to it.  Then he went to work on the jukebox.  As he stepped away from it the opening notes could be heard.  Is that, could it be?  Debbie called it, twisting around to look at Jack, “Only the good Die Young?”  Fred snapped, 
“You’re a clod!”  
Jack smirked and shrugged.  Fred sneered.  Somewhere Tim was laughing.  Jack knew it.  Before long all of the girls had picked up on the chorus, and even Fred had to pitch in.  Jack suddenly looked lost.  As they went back to the stories, he skulked off to a corner.  He was looking over his shoulder to watch the late game up on the bar TV.  He felt an arm slide over his shoulder, then a hip check.   Linda.  
“Hey babe.”  
“Hey yourself girlie.”  
“What ya got goin’ Jack.”  
“Going?  Nothing, nothing at all.”  
“Uh huh.”  
“Just what are you insinuating miss?”  
“Jack Danning loses one of his best friends, possibly murdered, and he doesn’t have any plans to do anything about it?  Does that sound right to you?”  
“Little early in the game hon.  Is there something I should know?” 
“No, but you got that look in your eye.  You better let me in on it if something should happen to come up.”  
“You’re my first draft pick.”  
Jack cocked his head like the RCA dog.  How does she do it?  She catches me for thirty seconds and plants an idea that I will catch all of the flack for.  If anything happens will anyone believe that it was her idea?  No, of course not.  Not if Jack Danning is involved.  It had to be him.  He’s the screw-up.  All of his life it went like this.  But Linda was different.  Not a romantic interest, but clearly one of his favorite people.  They had a strange relationship.  More for what they didn’t have than what they did.  What they didn’t have was a void, a huge dark chasm that they never spoke of.  But they both knew of it.  It was an area that when you got close to the gate, you just knew you didn’t want to go there.  It wasn’t forbidden fruit, it was real fear, and they just kept turning away from it whenever it came up.  They have spoken about the core evil of Jack Danning, but not of Linda’s, but Jack knew it was there.
“You’re getting way too serious Jack.” 
She locks her arm in his and hauls him off to the bar.  She orders two Alabama Slammers.  
“Now you’re talking.”  
Jack was out of his mind and he knew it.  He hated shots, and the only thing worse was mixing.  This was going to be painful tomorrow.  She looked down at her glass.  
“I miss you ya know.”  
He looked up at the mirror behind the shelves of liquor.  
“I miss you too.  This adult responsibility thing sucks.”  
“Okay, the whining I didn’t miss.”  
“Up yours ho.”  
She giggles that giggle where she actually looks like she’s going to convulse.  Jack starts again.  
“It’s the payments that you have to make, the obligations you have to meet.  That guy I hired, Paul, I did it because he’s married.  Married people are supposed to be more reliable.  He’s reliable to the point of aggravation.  Now I have to be there because he is going to be there.”  
Linda summarized for him.  
“It’s not being a teenager and living at home.”  
“Yeah, that.”  
“This is ‘The Show’ Jack.  Before we were just kids.  Now we get to really make a difference.”  
He thought about that.  
“I think that’s what’s missing.  In the big pond it’s tough to make a splash.”
“Boo Hoo Jack, in time, it will come.  You just wait.”  
That was exactly what he had been thinking about earlier.  There they are talking all nice, and all of a sudden she goes Blair voodoo fucking witch on him.  ‘What the fuck was that about?’  Again he remembered that he didn’t want to know.  With that came another hip check, and she shuffled back to the booths.  That was the last thing he would remember about that night, though it didn’t end for three more hours.



VI
Deeper and Deeper
The next morning Jack awoke to a very loud banging, again.  It wasn’t all in his skull, although it took him a minute to figure that out.  Paul was at his door all ready for work but Jack hadn’t opened the shop.  He handed the keys to Paul and told him he’d catch up later.  He barely made it to the bathroom when the phone started ringing.  A 212 area code, Manhattan.  
“Hello.”  
“Good morning sleepyhead.”  
“Oh my God.  How are you at work already?”  
“It’s the Show Jack, like I said.”  
“Don’t even Start, Paul was just here.”  
“See.”  
“Barely.  What’s up?”  
“We have to get together, before the wake tonight.”  
“’Kay, when?  What’s up?”  
“How about Smitty’s, about two?”  
“Two sounds good.”  
“I’ll bet it does.”  
“So what’s this about?  I thought we covered things last night.”  
“Not hardly, see you at two.” 
Linda would have to leave work early to make the meeting, that and her tone made it sound important.  Jack had a glass of iced tea, a cigarette and jumped in the shower.  When he came out he called Paul at the shop.  
“Listen, I have a feeling that I am going to get a little tied up with my friend and all.  Can you swing things for a day or two?”  
Paul was all too eager.  "Sure thing boss.”  
“Alright, now listen.  The accounts get first priority.  The Susan Miller should be by before noon.  The West Bank should be there already.  They are both simple jobs.  Bang ‘em out and get them out of there.  Any walk-ins are yours.  Okay.  Just make sure the accounts are taken care of.  You know how to fill out the paper work.”  
"You got it boss, and thanks for trusting me.”  
“Some reason I shouldn’t?”  
“No, I just appreciate it.”  
“Yeah, okay, you’re welcome.”  
Jack wondered if Paul knew he was doing him a favor?  His dirty clothes were piling up.  ‘Maybe I will see Mom today after all.
Jack’s mother was a case unto herself.  Sweet as could be to anyone she met, everyone loved her.  Jack had noticed that she seemed to act or react to things as she thought she was expected to.  Somewhat less than genuine, which was something of a concern, since you never knew what she really felt.  He stuffed his dirty clothes into the laundry bag and headed out the door.  He used the car for this trip.  The bike would stay here for a while.  The helmet was locked to it.  Not a very good idea these days, but he didn’t feel like bringing it in.  A separate set of keys was hanging by the door.  The Ford keys and a house key were all that were on it.  An old gray Mercury Marquis that looked more like and unmarked police car than not.  He liked that.  He felt that it might have kept him from being pulled over more than once.  It also kept Mom from seeing the bike, which kept him from hearing about it.  She lived on a dead end, so he could see her car was gone from the top of the block.  He let himself in with the house key.  The house looked good.  A plate with some crumbs on it was on the counter.  An Entenmanns cake box was half-open next to it.  ‘They wonder where I got my diet from?’ he thought.  He dropped the keys on the table and lugged the laundry down to the basement.  Just as he closed the lid to the washer, he heard her come in the door.  
“Jack?  Jack? Woo-Woo.”  
Yes, she really said that.  Jack worked his way around to the stairs.  
“Down here.”  
They both reached the door at the top of the stairs at the same time.  
“Hello honey!”   
She wrapped her arms around his midsection and gave a hug.  
“Are you hungry?  Come here.  Sit down.  How are you dear?”  
“I’m fine.  Nothing to eat thanks.”  
“How’s work?  I met Paul, Did he tell you?”  
“No he didn’t.”  Jack was curious about just how this took place.  
“Where did you meet him?”  
“Oh, I was at Marshall’s, and I saw this young man with a heavy welders coat, burn marks and all.”  
“So of course you had to butt in.”  
“Oh of course.  I told him ’my son is a welder too.’”  
“Because he’d give a shit.”  
“Don’t you talk to your mother that way.”  SLAM!  
The storm door never closed until the person was halfway through the living room.  
“Do I have a fucking tracking tag behind my ear?!  What are you doing here?”  
Jack was indignant, but Linda was having none of it.  
“Take it easy.  I didn’t feel like being at work either.  I knew you’d been busy the last few days and probably needed your laundry done, a good meal, and to let your Mom in on current events.”  
“You did not.”  
“Okay, I’m the one who needs a good meal.”  
"Of course dear, what would you like?”  
“You’re not helping ya know Ma.”  
"Hush up Jack, and don’t talk to your mother like that.”  
“Yeah, you tell him Linda.”  
“I know he didn’t learn that here.”  
Then turning back to Jack who was cradling his face in his hands.  
“You better be nice.”  
“Do I have to be here for this?”  
“What was that Linda said about current events Jack?”  
“Oh, yeah, right.  Thanks again, Linda.”
Jack took a long pause before starting.  It indicated the level of importance to his mother.  
“Have a seat Mom.”  
Not a good sign.  Mrs. Danning looked at her son as she took a chair.  
“What is it dear?”  
“It’s not good.”  
“Is it the shop, do you need help?”  
Jack put up his hand asking her to stop so he could get it out.  Deep breath.  
“Tim’s dead.”  
“Whaaat?  Oh., honey, I’m so sorry.”  
“We’re not sure about the whys and wherefores.  His wake is tonight.”  
Linda finally chirped up.  Jack looked over at Linda who seemed more concerned about his mother than he was.  There wasn’t too much more to say.  Of course Mrs. Danning wasn’t finished.  
“How, what Happened?”  
Expected.  Jack kept it simple.  
“In his garage, the car was running, and a bottle of Chivas.”  
Mrs. Danning brought her fingertips to her lips.  
“Suicide?  Oh dear.”  
“They think.  Nothing is certain yet.”  
“Well that sounds certain.”  
So much for simple.  
“It may have been staged.  Like I said, nothing’s for certain.”  
“Well that sounds...”  
“Mah, please, we don’t know.”  
“Well I jus…”  
“I know ma.  I spoke to Jim and they’re looking at everything.”  
“Well what can I do, can I come to the wake?  No, I can’t come to the wake.  I have a committee meeting tonight and I am speaking.  I’ll send something.  How about a cake?”  
“Yeah Ma, and we can use colored frosting, and birthday candles and…” 
Linda Joined Mrs. Danning in unison.  
“Shut up!”   
“I’m just saying a cake may not be the best choice.  I’m not walking in there with one at least.  I’m going to switch my laundry, you two do what you want.”
Linda had something to tell Mrs. Danning but she didn’t want Jack to hear it.  When he went down to the cellar, Linda leaned in close to her.  Just before she started to speak, Mrs. Danning waved her off and pointed to the floor.  She whispered, 
“He’ll hear us down there.”  
Linda backed off and began asking loudly about the other children.  Jack Danning was the last of five and there was always something going on in the family.  Jack came back up the stairs but didn’t stop.  He already knew what everybody else in the family was up to.  He rounded the corner and headed for the bathroom.  
“Now” Mrs. Danning told Linda.  
“He won’t hear us in there.”  
Linda’s eyes grew wide and she leaned in again.  
“I found something and I think Tim left it for Jack.  He’s going to have to dig, but I am sure Tim knew what he was doing, and I’m positive he left it for Jack.  I just wanted to let you know because he will probably do one of his disappearing acts when I give it to him.  I didn’t want you worrying about it after Tim and all.”
Mrs. Danning was less enthusiastic about it.  
“Why don’t you give it to the police and leave my son out of it.  If Tim was murdered I am sorry, but it would be foolish to involve anyone else, to say the least, my son.”  
Jack opened the door and heard the end of the conversation.  “Who’s saying the least about your son?”  
While Mrs. Danning was busy looking annoyed Linda seized the moment.  “Here Jack.”  
Mrs. Danning spun her head around to see the photo fly across the table toward her son.  
“No!”  
“Jeeze Ma, relax.”  
“Don’t you do it Joseph!”  
“Ohhh Rocky’s mad now.”  Jack leaned over and slid the wallet-sized photo into his hand.  
“What’s the problem here?  What’s this?”  
He recognized the picture, but not the current concern.  He looked at Linda.  
“Look on the back.”  
Jack flipped it over.  There was some scrawl on it.  
“Jump’n Jack, No blood on the tracks, don’t say no.  Don't Sway”  
“Where’d ya get this?”  
“Don’t you remember?  It’s the picture of you and Tim that we stuck behind the light at our booth at Joe’s?”  
“Yeah, I remember the picture but this wasn’t on it.”  
“Right.  We never took it out, it’s been there all these years.”  
“And?”  
“That’s how I found it, last night.  It’s addressed to you.  Why don’t you tell me what it means?”  
“First off ‘cause I have no clue.”  
At that moment, the irony hit him.  He did have a clue now.  
“Then again, this could be…”  
“NO NO NO!”  Mrs. Danning was now standing trying to sit Jack down.  
“It’s okay Ma.”  
“No honey please, haven’t you made my worry enough yet?  Please, Please don’t do this.”  
Jack took the time to reassure her.  He sat with her took her hands and looked her in the eye.  
“Too bad.”  
Jack began laughing, she brought up the tears.  Still laughing, Jack told her. 
“Ma, first off I’m not going to do anything stupid.  Okay maybe that’s not so reassuring.  I’ll be careful, how’s that?  But look at this, Tim thought I could do something that the police couldn’t.  He could have just left a note.  The cops would have found it, game over.   Apparently he felt that wouldn’t work.  He thought I was his best shot.  If I was his best bet, don’t I owe it to him, to try, at the very least?”  
“Just please be careful Joseph.”  
Hardly anyone called him Joseph or even Joey anymore.  Ever since he started drinking Jack Daniel’s, he was Jack.  
“Call me, and let me know you’re alright.”  
“I’ll be alright.  If anything goes wrong, Linda Blair Witch here will know it first.”  
Linda feigned indignity, 
“Hey!”  
“Save it.” Jack retorted.   
"Can you leave my laundry on the porch, I don’t want to wake you up?”  
“It’s okay dear.”  
“Please Ma?”  
“Oh, okay.  You just better call.”  
They both knew that there was a zero chance of that.  He was already on his feet.  He waved for Linda to follow him.  Normally she would have given Mrs. Danning a kiss.  It seemed inappropriate right now.  They took her car.
“Where are we going?”  
“Joe’s, then Tim’s house.  Joe’s should be quick.”  
Linda began probing what this could possibly be about.  Jack kept telling her that they didn’t know enough yet.  He started poking at his phone; he was sending a text message to someone.  Then he’d talk about anything else, the band on the radio, the car, the neighborhood, anything.  Linda’s constantly just, “showing up,” unnerved him.  Not because there was anything to it, just that he didn’t understand it.  He liked knowing who and what he was dealing with.  Once he had a grasp, if he needed to guess, he was usually right.  That is how he keeps afloat.  Linda had him on end, he wasn’t used to that, not after knowing her for so long.
He reached in front of Linda to push open the door to Joe’s Paramount.  As expected, Horace was behind the bar.  
“Back for more?”  
Jack spoke over Linda.  
“Two Bloody Mary’s.”  
Linda spun her head around to Jack.  
“I was going to get you a Jack and Ginger.”  
“That’s why I stopped you.”  
“Awww, are we hurting a bit?”  
“Just a little fuzzy, that’s all.”  
Jack put a twenty on the bar.  Horace brought over the drinks.  
“Here you go guys.”  
When he came back with the change he slid it from three feet away, and hurried toward the other end of the bar.  
“I thought so.” 
Jack said it loud enough that it couldn’t be ignored.  Horris’s head dropped and his shoulders slumped as he turned around.  Jack waited until he got all of the way back to even look at him.
“Horris, I know what you’re thinking, and forget it.  It had nothing to do with you.”  
Horace’s eyes grew wide and bright, he even smiled.  
“But the papers say…”  
“Forget it, they know nothing.  Besides if you had the slightest involvement, do you think I’d let you mix me a drink?  I mean Linda here maybe, but not me.”  
“You want people to hate you don’t you?”  
“Yeah it’s simpler this way, it saves time.  Do you feel like you owe me anything?"  
“No.”  
“So there you go.”  
“You’re a weird dude Ace.”  
A not so obscure line from Dan Marino in a Jim Carrey movie.  Jack just smiled and started his drink.  Linda finally spoke up.  She leaned up to the bar from her stool.  
“So, you thought that, you were partly responsible for Tim?”  
Jack leaned back in his chair.  
“Where did you find that picture?”  
“Back there.”  
“Who put it there?”  
“Tim.”  
“When did he put it there?”  
"Friday?”  
“Horace, was Tim here Friday?”  
“You know he was.”  
"Did you serve him?”  
“You know I did.”  
How do you think he feels about that Linda?”  
“Oh, horrible I am sure.”  
“Welcome to the present day.”  
“But if you were here, how come…”  
“I wasn’t here darling.  Follow follow follow.  Tim hid something here, he didn’t want to be noticed.  He ordered a beer, sat down in the back and did what he came here to do.”  
“Horace here knows alcohol was involved in his demise and knows he served him.  Any man with a conscience is going to have guilt.  When I saw Horace try to dodge us, I knew it was him.”  
Horace was leaning back against the shelves enjoying it.  
“This is fun.”  
Linda just gave her blank stare and tried to regroup.   
“Fun time over.  What else do we need to know?”  
“Uh, hmm.”   
“Horace?  Don’t make me hurt you.”  
“No, really Jack, nothing’ else.  He came in, ‘Hi How are ya?’ took his beer and went in the back.”  
“No phone calls, business cards left, nothing.”  
“No.  He didn’t even bring his glass back up front.”  
“Okay, I really didn’t expect anything.  Thanks Horace.”  
“Hey, you know what?  He was playing one of those Gameboy things.”  
“A game?”  
“Yeah, at least it looked it.  It was small, and he was going at it.”  
“Well all right.  That just might help.  Thanks again Horace.”  
Jack and Linda headed for the door.  
“Glad I could help.”  
Jack spoke to Linda under his breath, 
“I bet he is.”  
“Jack!”  
“I’m just say’n.  It must be a relief.”  
“Yeah, you’re just being a shit is all.”  
“Gotta go with my strengths.”  
“And you are.”



VII
Still Around

The trip from Joe’s to Tim’s place was only about ten or twelve minutes.  On the way Jack mentioned that he had spoken to Jim quickly about the investigation.  Jim said that they were primarily interested in Roger.  Not as a suspect, just for being involved.  It seems that although Roger had done pretty well with the computer business, he had been maintaining his coke habit nicely as well.  It seems he was into someone for about $20k.  Roger was down in Miami, supposedly trying to set up a deal that would allow him to pay off his debts.  Tim looks enough like Roger, and it happened at Roger’s.  He said that there were traces of ether in Tim’s lungs, and they found a can in the trunk.  Linda was impressed.  “So it sounds like they’ve got it.”  
“Except for this.”  Jack flipped the picture out of his shirt pocket.
Jack’s plan was to park on Colca Road where Roger lives, then go through Roger’s yard.  That changed when they got there.  There was an unmarked car at the corner at Colca and Troia.  They kept going on Troia to Aslanidies Lane, Tim’s Block.  They were able to park right in front of his house, but thought better of it.  They pulled up to the opposite side of the street and walked up the block.  There was another unmarked car at the other end of Colca.  There were none on or near Aslanidies.  When they were approaching Tim’s house Linda finally asked.  
“How are you getting in?”  
“I haven’t figured that out yet, I am hoping for an open window.  By the way, what’s this ‘you’ shit?  You only along for the fun parts?”  
“No, I just figured I’d use my key.”  
“Well if you’re in for a penny Key.   What key?  Never mind, I don’t want to know.”  
He meant that.  
“It’s just for.”  
Jack covered his ears and did the 3-year-old “La la la la la”  
“You’re an ass Jack.”  
“Hey there are things I don’t want to know that I’ve done.  I really don’t want to get into your closet.”  
“Shut up.”  
As they reached the door, Linda took out her keys and opened the door.  She did it like it was the most natural thing in the world.  Jack was very uncomfortable.  The keys were on her primary ring.  Linda had three sets, one for work, one for her mother’s house, and her primary.  Why was Tim’s house key on her primary ring?  He was on the outside of an intimate circle within his circle.  It was disorienting.  He trusted Linda.  He knew she wasn’t up to anything.  It was just that ‘not knowing’ thing again.  Thankfully some of the lights were left on.  
“What are we looking for Jack?”  
“His albums.”  
“Photo Albums?  You think he knew the guy?”  
“Do you know what linear thinking is Linda?”  
“Up yours Danning.”  
He thought he might find them in the den closet.  Wrong.  The den itself was covered with milk crates full of albums.  Some of them were stacked two and three high on shelves.  
“Please be alphabetized.”  
They seemed to be, mostly, by Artist.  Thankfully they were also not crammed in too tightly.  You could read them without taking them out.  
“Look for the ‘Ds, and Ss’.”  
Linda dropped her purse and began digging.  Jack was already looking for an ashtray.  This would take a while.  He ran through three crates.  He skipped over the next three and found what he was looking for in the fourth. 
“Dylan.”  
He pulled out a copy of “Blood on the Tracks.”  The album was there and appeared fine.  Nothing written in the jacket or on the sleeve.  He put it back and kept looking.  About ten albums back he found another copy of the album.  He pulled it out of the crate, but there was no album inside of it.  
“The stereo.”  
Linda was looking at the Rod Stewart albums, 
“Yeah, when you’re done…  Linda, I want the Billy Squier album.”  
"Oh yeah, I just saw that one.”  
“Get it.”  
Jack was out in the living room.  Tim still had a turntable and he kept it out in public.  At least he owned a CD player.  It was a jukebox as a matter of fact, and a nice one.  There it was on the turntable, sitting right there waiting for him.  It was all cued up, all he had to do was turn it on and drop the needle.  Jack was just lowering the needle when he saw it.  He yelled so she could hear him in the den.  
“Lin-da”  
“What?”
She was right behind him.  
“Geeze!  Would you make some noise please?”  
Linda just giggled.  
“I got something here.”  
He put the arm in its’ cradle.  
“Look at that.”  
He pointed at the smudge mark on the record.  
“Crud?”  
Jack removed the LP from the player.  He raised it up to his face hoping a closer look and or a sniff of it might tell him more.  
“Vaseline?”  
He got nothing.  He finally touched it.  
“It’s loose.  Linda what is this?”  
“That is Vaseline.”  
“Why?  Why would he put that there.”  
Linda got reasonable first this time.  
“What did he write on the picture?”  
Jack handed her the photo.  
“Jump’n Jack, No blood on the tracks, don’t say no.  Don't Sway”  
“Okay well we’ve eliminated the No Blood on the tracks, so what’s the Don’t Say No?”  Linda folded the picture and absentmindedly put it in her coat.  Jack noticed it and motioned for her to give it back.  She did.  
“Billie Squire, it was the name of his one big album.”  
They went back in the den and dug out the album.  Jack tilted the sleeve to roll out the album.  
“Hey, this thing looks like it’s been keyed.  Look at this.”  
“Okay, so he didn’t want us to listen to the albums.  What did he want?”  
Jack started to put it together.  
“Vaseline, Keys, Don’t say no, Blood on the tracks.  His key rack, by the door.  Vaseline, sex, check the nightstands, Blood on the tracks, check for tampons under the sink.”  
All were viable suspicions, just not right.  Linda came back to the den.  
“Nothing, nothing, and nothing.”  
“Damn, What the hell was he getting at?”  
Linda returned to the crates.  
"Jack?  When did Tim start calling you Jumping Jack?”  
Jack was sniffing another trail.  
“Never.”  
He continued his train of thought.  Linda pulled out the Sticky Fingers album.  
“Here.”  
Jack turned around to be handed the album.  He flipped it over.  
“Jumping Jack Flash isn’t here.”  
“I know.”  
“Then why am I holding it?”  
“Sway.”  
“Oh, okay."  
Jack raised it above his face and pinched the upper and lower edges to open the sleeve.  
“Nothing.”  
He brought it back to his abdomen.  Linda reached over and took it.  
“I used to keep a spare joint in my copy, for emergencies.”  
The picture on the album cover was rumored to be Mick Jagger’s crotch.  He was wearing jeans, and they had a real zipper.  She pulled the zipper down and began fishing around.  Jack’s eyes went wide.  
“Should I leave the room?”  
She pulled her hand out and shoved what looked to be a credit card in his face.  
“Eat it Jack!”  
He was humbled once again.  
“Got any ketchup?  Let’s see it.”  
It was a nice looking card, but not a credit card.  There was an American flag as a background and there were three large letters in the top right-hand corner.  “FWE.”  
“Mean anything to you?”  
Linda shook her head, 
“un-uh.”  
Jack stuck it in his pocket.  
“What else?”  
“I still don’t get the Billy Squire thing?”  
“Face value dear.  Tim didn’t want me hurting anyone over this, no Blood on the Tracks.  And he didn't want me to refuse, Don't Say No.”  
“Oh.”  
Jack scanned the room carefully.  Just crates of records.  
“Let’s look around a bit.”  
“What for?”  
“Jack was already walking out of the room and turned back.  
“If I knew that, I wouldn’t have to look.”  
“Oh.  I get the bedroom.”  
Jacks neck did that cringe thing again.  He knew he didn’t want to know whatever she knew was in there.  
“Yeah.  I’ll take anyplace else.”  
Jack went through the kitchen first, just to eliminate it.  The door to the garage was in there too.  All seemed okay, if you discount the crud and general disorder.  He went through the dining room and back into the living room.  He went back to the stereo even though he was there earlier.  There it was, how had he missed it before?  
“Let’s go!”  
From up the stairs, “Just a minute.”  
He didn’t want to know.  
“C’mon.”  
“I’m coming, keep ya shirt on.”  
Jack was over by the door now waiting for her.  As she made it to the bottom of the stairs, 
“What did you find?”  
Jack held it out in his hand. 
“Tim’s ‘Gameboy’.”  
“But that’s a BlackBerry.”  
“Right, remember Horace said he was playing a Gameboy or something?”  
“Oh yeah. Now it makes sense.  What’s on it?”  
“Damned if I know, but I’ll bet it’s what we’re looking for.  Let’s go.”  He handed her the BlackBerry and she put it in her bag.  Jack peered out the window looking for anything strange.  As if he would know what ‘Strange’ was on Tim's block.  He opened the door and they tried to walk calmly to her car.  They were both anxious to get away from there.
“Where to Jack?”  
“The wake.”  
“OH shit!  I wanted to got home and change first.”  
“No time for that now and it’s today only.  I didn’t want to show up like this either.  We’re okay, we’ll just make it quick.”  
They got to the funeral home with about an hour left to the viewing.  Tonight was the only night.  With the suicide talk, they didn’t want to drag it out.  Tomorrow would be the funeral, and Tim would be buried in St Athenasius cemetery.  Boy oh boy, that was going to be tough.  The funeral home was on ground level.  Jack really appreciated that because these things really got to his knees.  He wasn’t very spiritual or anything, but death was so final.  Most normal people didn’t look forward to death.  Jack would set a table and pour a beer for it, but it never came.  Like they say, “Only the good (get to) die young.”  That ruled out Jack.



VIII

Yesterday Today

There were the usual smokers outside the door to the funeral home, both Jack and Linda recognized a few.  Jim was by the door.  
“Thanks for the call Jack.”  
“For?”  
“Your little get together last night.  You think I might want to lift a glass for our boy?”  
Jack couldn’t stop his mind.  ‘Our Boy?  Something I should know about Jimbo?’  Fortunately it stayed in his head.  
“Yeah, I shoulda called.  Sorry.”  
“Yeah, okay.”  
Jack pulled the heavy door open for Linda.  As she walked in, Jim tugged at Jacks sleeve.   
“Take a walk.”  
Jack poked his head around the door, 
“Be right in Linda.”  
She replied through gritted teeth.  
“Jaaack.”  
She did not look happy about being in there alone.  She was the second worst dressed a second ago.
Jim was halfway to the parking lot.  Clearly he did not want to have this discussion in front of the smokers.  
“This was a hit.”  
He waited for Jack to acknowledge.  Nothing, just a blank stare.  
“They were after Roger.  His brother.”  
“I know he’s his brother.”  
“We’ll get to that later.” 
No doubt another accusation that Jack would have to endure.  
“Tim was at the wrong place at the wrong time.  That’s it.”  
“No, that’s not it.  Spill it.”  
“This all stays here.  The papers have it that Tim committed suicide in his brothers’ car.  The fact is, there was in fact traces of ether.  This was a hit made to look like a suicide.”  
That explains the surveillance cars at Rogers.  
“You know about Roger’s little problem?”  
Jack looked away, “I’ve heard some things.”  
“Yeah, well it ain’t no little thing any more.  It seems he’s better than twenty grand into some boys who don’t run a savings and loan.”  
Jack just bobbed his head like a dog on the dashboard.  
“That’s probably not a good thing.”  
“Roger was down in Miami, we figure to make a score to pay them off.”  
“What about the computers?”  
“Yeah, he did real well there.  He paid cash for his place and Tim’s.  But those days are gone now.”  
“Okay, it's all been confirmed then.  So where are we now?”  
“Well I just kept you up to date, with some very sensitive information I might add.  I expect the same from you.”  
“That’s swell Jim, but I ain’t got squat for you.”  
“Not yet, but don’t be surprised if Roger wants to have a chat with you.”  
“What am I a magnet for this shit?”  
“I couldn’t have put it better myself.”  
“Well, you’re a dick.”  
“But I’m still on the plus side.  Look, Roger knows who he owes the money to, and we need to find that out.  You just might be able to bridge that gap for us.”  
Jack just wanted to end the conversation.  
“Yeah.  Is he in there?”  
“Of course, what kind of a brother do you think he is?”  
“You are an ass.”  
“Yeah, yeah.  Look, we gave him his car back.  We want him recognized on the street.”  
The charger was in the lot over Jack's shoulder, backed in towards the hedges.  They headed back to the funeral home.  
“What’s up with you and Linda?  You two keeping company these days?”  
“Nah, nothing like that.  I think she just likes pushing my buttons.” 
“How come everyone else sees it but you?”  
“Cause they don’t see what I see.”  
“You ought to get some new glasses.”  
Jim held the door for Jack.  They took half steps getting to the viewing room.  
“You learn anything about Rog, you let me know, first.”  
“Does he know any of this?”  
“Yeah we’ve had him in for questioning.  He’s upset about Tim, but swears he didn’t have anything to do with it.”  
“I can believe that.”  
Jack couldn’t believe he just said that out-loud.  Jim was looking at him. 
“Denial I mean.”  
“Yeah.”  
A funeral home was a great place to start to loose control of your mouth.
Linda was just inside the doorway of the viewing room.  Jack would look at no one and nothing but her.  He felt the weight of the room already.  She was talking to Jean and Debbie.  He gave them both quick pecks, and turned back to Linda.  If he was going to get through this, it was with her.  She was the only one who knew what he did.  The funny thing was that from the outside, people thought they were in love.  He was practically sewn to her.  
“Did you go up yet?”  
She was still mad at being abandoned.  That only made it more convincing to the spectators.  
“No.  I waited for you, despite you throwing me in here alone.”  
“Take it up with Jim.  I’ll let you know later.”  
“It better be good.”  
“Have we had anything ‘good’ happen yet?”  
“Right, let’s get this over with.”  
There was no line, so they went right to the casket and kneeled down.  Jack gave a quick prayer and then looked over at Tim.  He had so many questions, so many things unsaid.  It was a crime.  Nobody should be taken, and why wasn’t it ever Jack?  He was so eager to go.  He had left the door open so many times.  Lord, the bike alone could have taken him a half a dozen times.  He dropped his head again and prayed for Tim’s soul.  Then he elbowed Linda to signal he was ready.  They turned toward each other and stepped over to the Wysnewskies.  There was an empty chair next to Mr. Wysnewski, Roger’s chair.
Jack shook Mr. Wysnewski’s hand as Linda greeted Mrs. Wysnewski.  They both gave their condolences and quickly switched places.  Linda bent over to shake Mr. Wysnewski’s hand.  Jack bent towards Mrs. Wysnewski.  He was unsure whether to shake hands or to kiss her cheek.  He had met her before, but only once or twice.  He put his hands out as he bent down, and let her call it.  She put her hands up, so Jack figured on a handshake.  She went under his hands and grabbed his elbows and pulled him toward her.  ‘Okay, kiss it is,’ Jack thought.  He tilted his head and gave her a kiss on the cheek.  She didn’t let go of his elbows, and kept his head to hers.  
“I need to talk to you.”  
Jack was stunned.  As calmly as possible, he replied.  
“Of course.  When would you.”  
“Now is good.”  
‘Alllllrightythen.’  She began pulling up on his elbows to get out of the chair.  Unfortunately he did not have the footing for this maneuver.  They both damn near went backwards over the chair.  Fortunately Mr. Wysnewski grabbed her arm.  
“Estelle, I thought we weren’t going to do this here.”  Jack repositioned his feet and was now prepared to help.  He wondered if anyone had missed that act.  He could not look at Linda.  He knew she was near hysterics, and the two of them would just send this completely off of the charts.  Mrs. Wysnewski took his hand as she stared down Mr. Wysnewski.  
“Let’s go Stan.”
Stan pushed himself out of his chair to follow them.  Mrs. Wysnewski began to lean toward the casket.  Jack panicked.  Was this going to be a public display of blame?   ‘My son is dead because of this Jack-ass.’  Oh Lord, please no.  Fortunately it was just her elderly waddle.  She led him over to what used to be a smoking lounge.  It was a large room with benches in each corner to allow some privacy.  
“Nice that you dressed for the occasion.”  
She let him think she was serious for just a moment.  
“Take it easy dear.”  
She patted his hand.  She took a seat next to an end table.  Jack turned around to see Stan and Linda.  He let Stan sit down next to Mrs. Wysnewski.  She turned toward Linda.  
“Thank you dear.”  
Linda gave her standard, “Oh no problem.”  
“No dear, thank you.”  
She waved Linda off with her hand.  Jack’s head almost fell off his shoulders.  He covered his face in his hand not wanting to make eye contact with Linda.  He knew he had to.  He looked over and shrugged his shoulders.  He could have made an excuse to keep her there.  The picture was reason enough.  The fact was, he didn’t know what this was about.  For all he knew he was going to find out he was executor to Tim’s will.  At least that was what he was hoping for.  As usual, it was the worse of two evils.  Linda walked away insulted and mad.  Jack looked back at Mrs. Wysnewski.  
“That was.”  
“Survivable.  She’ll live.  Come here.”  
She was two feet away.  He knelt down on one knee in front of them.  It felt comically like a huddle.  Jack imagined Stan leaning over, ‘ Okay you’re the bottle cap.’  Again, there was no such luck.  Mrs. Wysnewski reached out and slapped him.  Before he could react she began.  
“That’s for your part in this.  Now I don’t think you were directly involved, but we all did our part.”  
Jack was totally baffled.  
“I’m talking big picture here Jack.”  
“Oh.  Thank you.”  
Now he felt like the Aqua-velva guy.  ‘Thanks, I needed that.’  
“Estelle.”  
“I’m getting to it Stan, I just wanted to get that out of the way.”  
“Getting to what?”  
“Our house needs painting.  What do you think we’re here for?”  
Again Jack was left with mouth agape.  
“Tim is gone and we can’t do a damn thing about that.  Mourn, yes, and in time we will.  Right now we have a much larger problem.  Our other son Roger is in deep trouble.  He swears to us that he had nothing to do with it.  The police want to connect him to the murder, and charge him, and Tim’s real killers want Roger dead.  You see why we can’t even begin to mourn?”
“Of course, but what can I do?”  
“That’s what I said.”  
“Estelle!”  
Stan was finally chirping in.  
“The policeman, Jimmy I think was his name.  He said you might know something.”  
‘Thanks Jim.’  
“Look, He’s been pestering me about this from day one.  I don’t.”  
“Save it Jack.  Tim told me everything about you.  We don’t think you know anything.  We want you to find out something, anything.  We can pay you.”
Jack tried taking charge of the conversation.  
“Cash, two thousand.  Get it to Linda.  I am sure I’ll be seeing her again.  Call Jean, she’ll arrange it.”  
He gave them her phone number.  Now it was them that were agape.  
“Well I hardly.”  
“Save it Estelle.  If Tim told you everything, and you came to me, then I’ll do it.  Whatever it may be.  Sorry about the cash, but I am going to have to go underground to do this.  Credit cards leave a trail, and I don’t have a lot of the green.”  
Jack was going over them like a road grater now.  The money was just to deter them.  Stan pulled an envelope out of his Jacket.  
“There’s five there, small bills.  Clear my son and you keep whatever is left.”  
Jack took the envelope he saw the receipt for $5000. poking out of it.  He quickly stuffed it in his chest pocket.  
“I have already lost one of my boys, don’t let me lose the other.”  
Volley back to Jack, mouth agape again.  
“Yeah, okay.  Listen, I’ll have to have a little heart to heart with him.  Did he drive here alone?”  
“Yes, he met us here an hour before it started.”  
“Good.  Do you happen to have a set of his keys?”  
Mrs. Wysnewski started digging in her purse.  
“I have his house keys here someplace.”  
“Good.  I’ll need his car keys too, the door key at least.”  
“Here are the house keys, I don’t have the car keys.”  
“That’s fine, but I’ll need you to get the door key from him.  Tell him not to take it out in public.  Have him go to the men’s room.  There is usually a flower arrangement or soap dish on the counter.  Tell him to leave it there.”  
“Okay Jack.”  
“And listen, I think I might know something.  It’s still too early to tell, but it might be just what we’re looking for.”  
“Praise God.”  
“Yes Estelle, but tell no one especially Jim, the cop.  If anyone else gets onto this trail, it will vaporize.  By the way you might want to be a little bit nicer to Linda.”  
He crooked an eye at Estelle.  
“That wasn’t mean.  I just didn’t want anyone else knowing about this.”  
“Good, that’s exactly what I wanted to hear.  Keep it that way.  I’ll do what ever I can.”  
Jack checked his watch.  
“There’s only fifteen minutes left.  Don’t forget the key.  Have him do it right away.  Then keep him here to the end.”  
“Right away.”  Jack helped Mrs. Wysnewski to her feet.  
“I am going to go make nice with Linda.”  
He headed out of the lounge well ahead of them, his long stride making good time for him.  Linda was just inside the doorway.  As Jack got closer he saw that she was talking to Fred and Roger.  Now he was in their view too.  Fred seemed to be running the show.  Jack wasn’t sure if that was good or bad.  
“Hey Freddie.”  
He put out his hand and they shook.  
“You remember Roger don’t you?”  
Jack checked Fred’s eyes to see how much he’d been drinking.  Full pink, that’s just great.  
“Yes of course.  Hello Roger, you look well.”  
Jack knew that Roger would think that it was a reference, in contrast, to his brother in the box.  
“Yes, thank you.  You look well too.”  
Ohhhh, right, since he knew he didn’t have anything to do with it, naturally he suspected Jack did.  Nice return.  
“Linda, wanna get a smoke?”  
“Sure.”  
Roger took a step with them.  
“Mind if I come along?”  
“I would,” 
Jack did a side step to reveal Roger’s parents walking up behind him.  
“But I think your parents are looking for you.”  
Jack and Linda turned toward the front door.  The service was winding down, and the door was pretty busy.  They continued out to the sidewalk away from the parking lot.  They both lit up.  Jack wanted to start.  
“Ya know, you’re an asshole.”  
So much for that idea.  
“Yeah, I know.  But to be honest, none of them would have said anything to two of us.”  
“Right, but I’m the one who found the clue.  I’m the one who had the key to his house.  Maybe they should be talking to me.  
“Is that what this is?  Movie credits?”  
“Fuck you Jack.”  
“Look it was addressed to me for a reason.  Probably because it might get me killed.  You want some of that?”  
That quieted her down.  
“No.”  
“Okay then.  Now, you have been very helpful, irreplaceable, and a bloody charm to have around.  But it’s going to get very real, very soon, and I’m going to need a line to the surface, and that’s going to be you.  You may or may not know what is going on, and you may or may not be able to help.  Now we’re going back in there, I am going to the bathroom, and then we’ll say our good-byes.”  
“Okay, but you better keep me up to date.”  
“So far it’s been you leading me, I don’t see that changing too soon.”  
He was placating her and she knew it, but it still worked.  
“Oh yeah, I got the BlackBerry to Roger.”  
Once again Jack stood there with mouth open.  He hoped he didn’t have bad breath.  He squinted as he leaned toward her.  
“You what?”  
“I gave Roger the BlackBerry.  That’s where you were going with it, right?”  
“Umm, Roger is the lead suspect so far, and you just gave him evidence that will most likely remove him from the list of suspects and it will be traced back to us.  No, that wasn’t in my strategy, no.”  
“Oh I thought…”  
“Never mind, I’ll handle it.”  
“How come it only worries people when you say, ‘I’ll handle it’?”  
"Because by the time I say it, I’m ready to hurt someone, that’s why.”  
They had to fight their way upstream to get back in.  A few more good-byes were made on the way.  Again they parted company at the door.  No wonder people thought they were dating.  Jack went directly for the men’s room.  As he turned the corner he saw an empty counter, no flowers, no soap.  ‘Great, now what.’  The stalls were empty, but there was a guy at the counter washing his hands.  Jack went for the urinal.  As soon as the guy left, he scanned the room for alternatives.  The towel dispenser?  He jammed his fingers up into it, nothing.  The soap dispensers on the wall, nope.  Bingo, the cabinet under the sink.  Spare paper towels, liquid soap refill jug, floor cleaners, glass cleaner.  He tipped the soap jug first.  There it was, 
“Good boy Roger.”  As he stood up, he put the key in the little coin pocket of his jeans.  He headed directly for Linda.  
“Okay, we can go now.”  
He started swinging his hand around to everyone in reach.  
“Good to see you.  No, unfortunately I cannot make the funeral.  Blah blah blah.”  
He actually thought it was funny to take Linda’s hand as they walked out.  She pulled away a little, but realized there might be a purpose to it.  She understood that only her and Jack knew it would never happen and she thought it was funny too.  They got in her car and he started with the directives immediately.  
“Go out this driveway, and make the right.”  
As she did that he went right on.  
“Take that right up there.  Good, take your foot off of the gas, but don’t brake.”  
He watched the speedometer fall to about eight miles per hour.  He flipped off the dome / door light, and opened the door a crack.  Holding on to the door and the seat, he swung his legs out and did the Fred Flintstone thing.  He pushed off and was gone.



IX
One Jungle
He walked calmly back down the sidewalk, looking for any occupied cars.  There were none.  He slid up a driveway and around a garage into the back yard.  A quick look around and over the fence he went.  He crept along the hedges that lined the funeral home parking lot until he got to Roger’s car.  There was an undercover car across from the driveway, and Roger's car was backed in.  Jack decided that it would be easier to get in the trunk than the front seat undetected.  He popped the key out of his pocket unlocked the driver’s door then slid it into the keyhole for the trunk.  For an old car it behaved rather well, Jack noted.  
“If this night keeps going this well I just might get my key some hole.”  
The metal loop that receives the lock on the trunk got him right on the hipbone as he got in.  
“Goddamit!”  He rolled into the trunk and closed the lid into the loop.  Immediately he wished he had a flashlight, if only to tell what was jabbing him in the back.  He could feel the jumper cables and the spare, some kind of can, a plastic bottle, and the tire iron.  Down by his foot he pushed something heavy, but it sounded like plastic.  He pulled it towards him between his feet.  Handle, button, “Yesss.”  It was a flashlight.  He went directly to inventorying his surroundings.  There’s the jack, a twelve-volt air compressor, and the CD changer mounted to the rear dash.  He contorted to get the can out of his back.  He wished he hadn’t.  It was a can of ether, starting fluid.  This made him very uneasy, but he started hearing voices coming towards him.  He threw the can over his shoulder.  Then he heard the car door open.
The car tilted from Roger hitting the seat.  As the engine started Jack watched the nightmare play out in his head.  Roger needed money for his suppliers and Tim was living in two hundred thousand dollars of his.  This FWE thing was clearly computer related.  Something began to stink.  No, really, something stank.  Jack turned on the flashlight only to see the cloud of exhaust fumes in the trunk.  “Oh swell.”  ‘Now I get to die in the trunk of my best friend’s killer brother’s car.  But not to waste any time, I’ll conveniently hand over all possible evidence.  Am I out of my mind?  How do I do this to myself?’  “Gee officer, I have no idea why he would sneak into my trunk, he knew my brother just died in this car.  Maybe he was just so distraught.”  Of course!  That’s why Tim’s wasn’t a violent death; it was his brother that did it.  Jack was feeling very stupid, and rightfully so.  Now while trying to clear Roger, he finds out that he is the real killer.  ‘I get to die in the trunk of the car my friend died in.’  
“God hates me, I know it.”  
‘All of the pieces came together perfectly so that I could die in “Christine” here.’  ‘This ought to be a riot in the bars.  “So this moron climbs into the car…”   Perfect.’  
“I gotta get out of here.”  
He felt around for the tire iron.  A car this old has to have a few weak spots.  No sense going down, just a little gas tank.  No need to bring that into the mix.  He shimmied over to the fender wall.  The bottoms of the fenders, towards the tire are always the first to go.  The charger’s fender was solid, but it felt bumpy, like if it had been bondoed.  He pried the bar between the frame and the fender and blew a chunk out about the size of a dollar bill.  He stuck his face down in the gap.  He was struck by the similarity of the position to eating pussy.  Oddly, this didn’t seem better.  A pothole confirmed that.  
“Ooh, that’s gonna leave a mark.”  
The oxygen felt good, but he knew the headache was following close behind.  He had had a carbon monoxide headache before, and it hurt.  The fact that he was still alive didn’t help either.
Thankfully the bump was in Roger’s driveway.  The car slowly entered the garage.  Jack listened as the garage door closed itself.  Then he felt Roger get out of the car, and slam his door.  He threw his keys on the lid of the trunk.  Not a good sign.  
“Gee Jack, I’d love to let you out of there, but I don’t seem to have a key.”  
Jack pushed the key through the breathing hole he’d made.  He wasn’t very hopeful and was already working on an alternative.  
“You’re throwing yourself around like you fucking matter.  Linda is the only one with a clue yet, and now you think you’re going to keep me hostage while you play detective.  I ought to start the engine back up and walk out of here for a few hours.”  
Right then there was a curious “click” from the trunk.  Jack rose with the lid to meet Roger’s face.  His legs were a little numb from the trip, so Jack didn’t try to leave the trunk.  He grabbed Roger by the throat.  
“You threatening me, in the trunk, of your car, in your garage, where my friend just died?  Bad idea.”  
Roger struggled to get away but couldn’t.  In desperation he pulled the trunk lid down on the small of Jack’s back.  Jack winced from the pain, but returned his focus to Roger, and squeezed tighter.  He felt the Adam’s apple go soft in his fingers.  Roger’s eyes bulged and isn’t that blood on his tongue?  Jack released Roger as his eyes began to roll back in his head.  Roger fell to the ground.  Jack took a few moments to get out of the trunk carefully.  Once he got his wits about him, he kicked Roger’s arm.  
“Get up.”  
Roger just held his throat and rolled around a little.  Jack reached into the trunk and grabbed the ether.  
“Here.  Let’s start with this.”  
He threw the can at Roger’s head.  He laughed when it connected.  Roger just sneered at him as he was trying to sit up.  
“How bad’s the throat?”  
Roger leaned over and spat some more blood, still glaring at Jack.  
“Let’s see Linda do that.  Can you talk?”  
“I.”  
It sounded distinctly like Donald Duck.  
“Good, I don’t want to hear from you anyway.  Let’s go inside.”  
He put his arm out to help him up.  Roger stood up on his own.
The door led them into the kitchen, the same layout as Tim’s house.  Jack grabbed a beer from the fridge.  He lifted it towards Roger.  
“You want?  Oh, probably not, I forgot.”  
Roger started reaching for the knife holder on the counter.  Jack let him get his fingers around the handle and start to pull it out.  He stepped up behind him and whispered in his ear.  
“You think your throat hurts?  Wait till you see what I do to your lungs with that starter fluid.” 
Roger slipped the knife back in its slot.  He turned around to see Jack leaning casually against his counter, lighting a cigarette.  Roger pointed to the back yard, telling Jack that he can’t smoke in the house.  Jack just barely looked at him and told it like it is.  
“Yeah, okay!  That’ll happen.”  
The rage re-lit, again.  Jack just swung his chin in his direction.  
“Ya know, for two people trying to help each other we ain’t doin’ so good.”  
“Ck ck ck.”  
“You can say that again.”  
Jack Danning was a prick of the highest order.  
“Let’s have the Bl Bl Bl BlackBerry.”  
Roger looked disappointed and hurt. Jack was crushed, not.  Jack thought Roger’s attitude was strange.  He wouldn’t have if he knew what Roger knew.  Things like how Tim adored him, and how Roger adored Tim, and couldn’t have had anything to do with this, and how seeing Jack like this meant he knew none of this.  Jack just clapped his hand open and closed.  
“C’mon, let’s have it.”  
Roger pulled it out of his pants pocket and slapped it in Jack’s hand.  
“There, I feel better already.”  
Clearly Jack didn’t give a flying fuck what Roger felt.  
“Okay what am I looking for?”  
Roger began fishing through the drawers.   Jack considered the knife again, he began sizing up Roger’s Achilles’ tendon.  
Roger came out with a pad and pen.  He began writing on it.  He reached for the BlackBerry as he slid the note to Jack.  
“Date Book, Memo, or Notes.”  
He turned it on for Jack.  Jack started poking at it with the stylus.  
“Nothing.  Nada, Oon-gats.”  
He leaned towards Roger who was making himself a large glass of chocolate milk.  The screens were all empty.  The programs were there, just no information.  Roger took it back from Jack.  He tapped the Sync icon.  It didn’t look like anything to Jack, but Roger seemed ignited.  He started tapping away, and shaking his head.  Something was clearly wrong.  Jack got himself some aspirins, about eight of them.  Roger finally put down the BlackBerry and started writing again.  
“It’s been wiped clean.  Not even Tim’s name is there.”  
Jack looked up at Roger who was holding it out with the back showing.  There was a tiny hole in the back that he was pointing to.  It said “Reset” above it.  Jack shrugged his shoulders.  
“I thought it was a clue.  Sorry.”  
Roger shook his head again and kept pointing to the reset.  
“What’s the matter boy?  Oh, Timmy fell in the well, let’s go get him boy!”  
Roger got that disappointed look about him again, and flipped him the finger.  
“Oh okay, I get it.  You think someone wiped it out, right?”  
Roger shook his head ‘no’, then ‘yes’.  
“Well what’s it going to be sport?”  
Roger went back to the pad again.  
“You found this with another clue, right?”  
“Yeah.”  
“Tim wanted you to look for it, but not on here.”  
“I’m not getting it.”  
“It’s somewhere, just not here.”  
He tapped on the BlackBerry.  
“Well where then?”
Roger spun around and pointed at his computer in the living room.  Jack began walking toward it.  Roger grabbed his arm and held up the pad.  He pointed at the word 
"Tim’s."  
“Oh, Tim’s computer, I get it.”  He reversed direction towards the back door.  Again Roger grabbed his arm.  Jack looked down at Roger’s hand, 
“This is getting really old, really fast.”  
The pad was pushed to him again.  “Was Tim’s computer on over there tonight?”  
“I don’t know, I never saw it.”  
Roger held up a finger.  ‘One minute.’  Roger went over to his computer and started it up.   Jack went for a smoke, on his way he helped himself to another beer.  The beer and the smoke helped.  When he came back in Roger was shaking his head again, at the computer this time.  
“Wassup?”  
He just kept shaking his head.  He leaned over the pad.  
“This is Tim’s computer.  Nothing there, nothing.”  
“Okay.  Like you said, it’s somewhere.”  
Roger threw up his hands.  
“Look, forget it, it’ll turn up somehow.  Everything else has.”  
Roger began backing out of the program.  He had a wireless network with Tim, and his computer was on, but there were no BlackBerry files or programs on it.  There were no new files at all in the last few days.  Then he clapped his hands loudly.  He returned to his own computer’s desktop.  He clicked on a BlackBerry icon and when he opened it he began pumping his arm in victory.  
‘Yes! Yes! Yes!’  
“What’s up Rog?”  
Roger pointed to the top right corner.  In the ‘user’ box it read “Tim Wysnewski.”  
“He put it on your computer?”  
Jack put the pieces together slowly.  
“Because he knew you’d be in trouble if I didn’t find the other stuff.”  
He had started pacing and turned around to see the pad again.  
“Who found?”  
“Fuck you, I found the BlackBerry.”  
Roger leaned back in his chair, put his palms toward Jack fingers up, and rolled his eyes while squeaking out,
 “ooo.”  
“Yeah yeah, get on with it.  What’s in there?”  
Roger began scrolling through notes, ‘FCC, NYMEX.’  “Congressman!”  Roger held up two fingers without even turning around.  
“Can you print this out?”  As he finished asking, the printer was already waking up.  Jack went for a fresh beer and another cigarette.  
When he came back in it was all printed out, in calendar form, like in an appointment book.  Jack read aloud for confirmation.  
“Thursday eleven am, Went to FCC dropped Rogers name.  See it is your fault.”  
He nudged Roger.  
“License, What License?”  
Roger gurgled out his reply, “FCC, read!”  
“License was one of a kind and about forty pages thick.  Not entirely unusual for NYMEX, but it was pre-endorsed by two congressmen.  The clerk said that was unusual.  Not a requirement.  Holy shit!  Did you see who the congressmen are?”  
Roger shook his head ‘yes,’ while trying to get in some more of the soothing chocolate milk to his burning throat.  
“Anton Jimnucci is the crookedest guy in The House, followed closely by our new friend Joe Carnecia.  Perfect.”  
Roger just shrugged his shoulders.  
“Every slime-ball I know knows both of these guys.  This just got a lot bigger.”
Roger pointed at Jack.  
“For you.”  
“Oh, thanks, thanks a lot.”  
“You took the money and the clues big boy.”  
It was getting easier for Roger to talk and he was enjoying it.  
“Hey this means that it’s probably being watched pretty closely.”  
“Ya think?  Not to mention the ‘behind the scenes’ guys that come with those two.”  
Roger sat back shaking his head.  
“Big.”
“Anyway, the whole thing shakes down to this polling program?  That just doesn’t sound all that sinister to me?”  
Again Roger shrugged.  Jack continued with the questions, even though he knew Roger didn’t have the answers.  He just wanted to make sure they were the right questions.  
“So that’s all of it?  This guy Scallin from SKYNET filed for a FCC license for some polling program and it’s endorsed by the slime-ball Congressmen.  Then he heads out to Fred’s shop, and some card store.  Apparently the card store has some backdoor.  Well, I’ll check them out.  It doesn’t say anything about Fred being there?  Man, I am going to kick - his – ass!”  
Roger typing some more.  
“Nothing about it, but wasn’t there some kind of accident there last Friday?”  
“Fucked if I know.  Freddie managed not to tell anybody about Tim’s visit, he sure as hell didn’t bring that up.”  
“That doesn’t seem right.”  
“Fuckin’ ay it doesn’t.  That’s why I’m going to kill him.”  
“Get info first, then kill / maim.”  
“Right.  Hey wait a minute, are you getting smart again?”  
Again with the palms out, 
“Who me?”  
“Yeah, that’s what I thought.  Okay is that it, or am I gonna have to come back here?”
Roger slid his hand across his neck.  ‘That’s it.’  
“Alright.  Make sure you keep that safe.  If anything happens to me, you just might need it.  Hey where do you keep those cigars?”  
Roger shrugged.  Jack shook his head.  
“You just can’t make this easy can you?”  
Roger busied himself on the computer.  Jack rifled through the drawers in the dining room.  Sure enough, 
“Cohibas!  You can keep that crap!  I thought you had good cigars.”
“Let’s go.”  
Roger looked up at him, puzzled.  
“I didn’t get here on my own there Daffy, I need a ride.”  
Oh right.  Roger got his coat and keys.  When they got to the garage Jack sat in the front seat.  Again Roger looked puzzled.  
“I ain’t getting’ in that trunk again.  I’ll slouch.  No one will see me.”
Roger twirled his two index fingers in the air.  
“Pulled over?  Fuck it, then we’re busted.  You don’t have the BlackBerry on you do you?”  
Roger shook his head “No.”  
Jack started taking out the dome light.  
“Got any weed?”  
Again shaking his head, “No.”  
"So, we’re going out for a few beers.  C’mon Rog, drive.”  
Jack played with the radio as the garage door opened and they backed into the street.  Fortunately it was a big old Dodge.  Danning could actually hide in the front seat.  Don’t try that with your Hyundai!  Jack had Roger take him down by his welding shop.  
“You know the back of the club, the grass should be really tall back there.  I want you to pull up tightly to the weeds.  I’m gonna roll out of here.   You stay put for a while, like you’re looking for someone or something.  That’ll give me time to get the McFuck outta there.”
Roger scraped it out of his throat as best he could.  
“Then what’ll I do?”  
“Make like you saw what you needed to, and head out, go for a walk, whatever.”
“What if I get questioned?”  
“You’ll think of something, I have faith in you Rog.  Don’t forget to put the dome light back in before you get out.”
When they got there it all worked fine.  The cops were tailing them, but stayed back a block.  Jack set it up so that the last turn was a left.  This way the cops would be on the driver’s side, across the street.  Jack lowered his window.  “No reflections.”  Jack slithered out the door and into the tall weeds like the rattler he was.
Once he cleared the corner of the building Jack stood up and walked easily down the street.  He even poked his head around towards the cops.  He was half tempted to go up to them.  
“Better not press my luck.”  
It was a little cool out, but it felt good.  He decided to walk to his apartment.  It was a bit of a hike, but he always liked walking.  The cool darkness helped him clear his head.  Like an empty blackboard.  It was just like the Delaware River, purifying.  Jack had spent a lot of time out there as a kid.  To this day, it still brought him back.  You could smell the river from fifty feet away.  It was a deep, rich, silty flavor, pure and earthy.  It beckoned you to return, every year.  It had been some time for Jack, but he would go again.  He walked up on his bike as if he expected it to say hello.  Like a horse might look over to its rider.  He knew he was alone, but smiled anyway.  He glanced at the tires, and gave the whole bike a quick once over.  The trip to the shop would barely even warm her up.  It wasn’t yet cold enough that he would need to hug the engine for warmth, but it was coming.  He purged the idea and went into his apartment.  
He shed his clothes as he walked through the living room.  Sneakers, unbutton pants, deep breath, “Ahhh.”  Opening the fridge.  Old Chinese food, old Mac n Cheese, jelly, mayo, sliced cheese, remnants of a loaf of bread, 
“I don’t think so.”  
He pulled it out and tossed it in the trash without having to look at it.  On the door were two bottles of wine.  
“That might do.”  
“Better yet.”  
There were four bottles of Miller Genuine Draft.  Not his favorite, but tonight they’d do just fine.  He approached the stereo, considering a selection.  He decided he’d let the DJ make the selection.  He didn’t want anything drippy, so he put on the Jersey Rock station that seemed even more stuck in the eighties than he was.  Something by Bryan Ferry was on.  He twisted the cap off and lifted the bottle up to the night.  
“My Genuine Dear Friend, Tim!”  
He sat on one of the barstools on the living room side of his counter.  The beer sat happily on the counter showing off its coolness.  Jack wrestled off his socks, and threw his shirt on top of them by the hallway.  Remembering that his laundry was at his mothers being eaten by the raccoons he decided to take inventory.  Fortunately it was mostly his work clothes that were stuck over at his Mom’s.  He still had enough “civilian clothes” to hold him for a few days.  In the bottom of his closet he dug out an old Marlboro backpack.  He began stuffing it full of the necessities and about three days worth of clothes.  An odd old song came on.  Someone way back in his past had listened to this guy.  He had even seen the album.  “Graham Parker?”  The song had barely broken the top 100, but Jack remembered it.  “I’ve got, Mercury Poisoning, it’s fatal and it don’t get better.”  He showered, cleaned and fussed his way through three of the beers before he finally was able to sleep.



X

Tuesday 10am.
Work to do.  Paul was still taking care of the shop.  Where to start?  He had a few addresses to check out.  So let’s get rolling.  He actually spent a few minutes getting his shit together and out of there.  The backpack straps were wrapped up with his six foot coated cable.  His usual Kryptonite lock was left behind on this trip.  The cash went right next to his heart.  The printout went in the back pocket of his jeans.  His chaps were rolled up and stored under his can of Fix-A-Flat on the front forks.  He had two packs of Marlboros in his jacket and eight in the backpack, on top.  His Mp3 player was opposite the money.  His cell-phone was left inside.  It was way too easy to trace.  He hoped the Steelers hooded sweat jacket wouldn’t be needed, but he brought it anyway.  This wasn’t all that foreign to him.  He had disappeared himself more than a few times before.  But those were recreational this was business.  He put in the headphones, hit play, unlatched the helmet and put it on.  It was a full-face helmet.  Not that he was a pussy, it was just a sign he had seen.  “If you’ve got a $10 head, wear a $10 helmet.”  He extended that to mean if you only want to save your scalp, wear a bucket.  Jack was kind of fond of his face.  He had already been in four accidents, five if you count the time he fell over three times at a red light because he was too drunk to stand up.  The full face was just fine thank you very much.  He got on the bike.  It felt good.  It always did.
Most of the trip would be for kicks.  The Verrazano was the only part he hated.  Crosswinds on that bridge were killers.  Jack knew it all too well.  He always stayed windward, this way if he got blown like that other time, he’d have some room to work with.  The thought of being blown into oncoming traffic wasn’t the problem.  It was the thought of going the other way that bothered him.  Going over the side, brrrr.  He knew he’d survive the fall, but only to either drown, or be hit by the bike.  He knew that couldn’t happen.  He’d never beat the bike down.  Unless of course, it got tangled, and held up, even just for a second or two.  And wouldn’t that just be our Mr. Danning’s luck.  He wasn’t sure where he was going, but when he saw the Brooklyn Bridge he knew he was close.  He got off at Atlantic Avenue.  If he knew where he was going, he would have known it was too soon.  As it was he didn’t.  So he zigzagged his way around until he recognized something.  When he saw Fred’s shop, it had new plywood under the windows.  It seems there was a crash here recently.  Jack wanted to talk to Fred, but not here, not now.  Maybe he could get Linda to take care of him.  Sure enough, Linda came walking out of the shop, as if on cue.  
“Un-fucking believable.”  
She went into the bar next door.  You had a much better chance of finding Fred in there anyway.  He waited a few minutes to make sure she wasn’t coming out.  He went down the street to the card shop on the corner
He parked between two cars just past the store.  He kept his helmet with him this time.  He traveled every aisle checking the place out.  There was an open door in the last aisle, on the side of the store, it went to the basement.  Jack looked at the girl on the register.  She looked vaguely familiar.  That was the best Jack could do, even on a good day.  The good news was she was looking at him.  He locked onto her, trying to confirm that she knew him.  She never even flickered.  
“Hey, how are you?”  
“I’d be better if your friend wasn’t such a sleazeball.”  
Now that puzzled Jack.  He cocked his head like the RCA dog.  
“I’m usually the sleazeball.”  
She giggled.  She had no idea that he was serious.  
“Look, I’m going to leave him out of this for the moment.  Was our other friend in here, Tim?”  
“Skinny, with glasses?”  
“That’s ma boy.”  
“See that register over there?” 
She pointed behind him at the other station.  There was a clean stain and some wires where a register used to be.  
“No.”  
“Well after your friend begged me to let him use it, he ran out of here like the place was on fire.  He even left whatever he was doing on it, running.  Then this guy in a suit comes running in here, pushing people around, sees the register, and just rips it right off of the counter.  You have some strange friends.  And your boy Tim, owes me a new register.”  
“Tim’s dead.”  
Jack enjoyed dropping that one.  
“Ya know, you people suck.”  
“By that I assume you mean associates of Fred.”  
“Assume whatever you want, I’m out a three hundred dollar cash register, and my aunt Barbara is making me pay for it.”  
“Was it like that one?”  
Jack pointed to her register, it had a credit card swipe, and looked more like a computer with a cash drawer than a register.  Jack reached into his jacket, he brought out exactly what she hoped for, but didn’t really expect.  
“There, that’s three.  Now, did he say anything?”  
“The guy in the suit, no.  I mean, I wasn’t here.  I went to meet Fred at the bar.  I saw him though.  He was just getting in his car and pulling off of the curb in front of Fred’s shop.  I saw him tear around the corner.  I thought he was gone.  Little did I know.”  
“What kind of car was he driving?”  
“Like a car service one, the black ones.”  
“Town Car?”  
“Yeah, that’s it, but it had Jersey plates and a SkyNet sticker on the visor.”  
“What else did you notice about him?”  
“That’s easy, good looking, like a tall thin Mel Gibson.  He had the chicken-hawk nose and everything.”  
“Do you mean the cartoon chicken-hawk?”  
“You know any other chicken-hawk?”  
Jack conceded, “No, no I don’t.”  
He had already thought it was the Warner Bros. cartoon, the one with Foghorn Leghorn, but he had to confirm that anyone else would reference that.  He was shocked that she did.  
“Anything else peculiar?”  
“Besides the grill being pushed in?”  
“Well, yeah.”  
“He was really tan, really tan.  And he wore those faggy socks.  You know, like plaid.”
“Argyle?”  
“Yeah that’s it.”  
She leaned back and gave him a once over.  The leather and jeans didn’t go with the argyle.  He could see what she was thinking.  
“Braveheart, his uncle, Argyle.”  
“Ooh okay that makes sense.”  
“Did your aunt say anything?”  
“Boy did she, but nothing you need to hear.  I mean nothing that actually happened, outside of what I already told you.”  
“Did Tim use the back door to get out?”  
“No, there isn’t any.”  
“That door?”  
He pointed to the last aisle.  
“Just the basement, no other way in or out.”  
“Did he mention a back door?”  
“As far as my aunt told me, he just kept cursing, and banging the register.”  
“That sounds about right.  Has anyone else been around, asking questions?”  
“No, you’re the first.  Fred won’t even show his face.  Would you believe he sent his brother down here for change?  Coward.”  
“You may be more right than you know.”  
She twisted her head to look at him directly.  She looked like she was about to turn on him, and start defending Fred, he felt it.  He tapped the counter where the money had been.  
“I was never here.  Really.”  
Her nose wrinkled up.  
“Really?”  
“Yeah, please?”  
“Okay.  Are you sure you aren’t being just a little over dramatic?”
“How dramatic was it to have a car crash into Fred’s shop, and have your register stolen?  How dead does Tim have to be for this to be just dramatic enough?”  
“Okay, I get it.”  
“They should be putting him in the ground right about now.”  
She was embarrassed now.  
“You were never here.”  
“Thanks. And by the way, Fred’s a fool.”  
He left before she could reply.  That’s exactly how he wanted it.  Fred may, or may not have information but his extreme desire not to get involved in anything that might get messy is what shut him up.  That much was clear.  Next stop Manhattan.
The Brooklyn Bridge was not his favorite either.  He preferred the tunnels.  He took the FDR south and turned around at the Staten Island Ferry Terminal.  He took the streets back north to the Seaport.  He parked under the FDR, a bike was definitely the weapon of choice in the city.  You could park it anywhere.  The South Street Seaport was mostly just a tourist trap, everything was overpriced.  The Peking was an old, iron sailing ship.   Technically it is a four-masted barque.  Jack had no idea what that meant, but when he was contracted to do some welding on her, Mickey was pretty particular about the name.  Mickey was her keeper.  He was responsible for the museum acquiring her, and is in charge of her restoration and maintenance.  He lived aboard her, and that meant she had full amenities.  That was Jack’s main concern right now.  Jack noticed some new boats around the pier.  These weren’t museum pieces, they were excursion boats.  Nice ones too.
He jumped up on the ramp to the Peking.  A ticket taker met him halfway up.  
“Sir, you need to.”  
“See Mickey.  Is he here?”  
It said Ryan on his shirt.  
“Uh, yes, sure.”  
As they headed up the rest of the ramp he hollered up.  
“Becky, someone’s here for Mick.”  By the time they reached the main deck, Mick was there waiting.  
“Jack, how the hell are you?”  
Mickey was a typical Irish guy.  A little on the short side, brown wavy hair, and a perpetual smile.  Jack had worked with him for about a week, but they got on pretty good.  
“Still above ground.  You?”  
“Not too bad Jack, not too bad at all.  Come on down.”  
Mick started heading down to the galley.  Since it was a museum, a lot of the ship was open for tours.  The galley was an open area.  It smelled remarkably like McDonalds.  They sat at the heavy wood table.  
“Your brother is here you know.  Why don’t you drop in on him?”  
Jack had actually forgotten he was there.  
“Yeah, yeah, maybe I will.”  
“Yes, and maybe you won’t.”  
“Hey, it’s just been so long.”  
“So don’t make it any longer.”  
The Danning men had a habit of having fights so intense that they wouldn’t speak to each other for years.  Then they’d realize that they forgot what they were mad at.   But by the time it was over they were apart too long.  It was ridiculous really.  They knew it too, but it didn’t stop them.  
“Maybe another time.”  
“So what brings you around here?”  
“Just in the neighborhood, really.  I don’t get up here much, so I figured I had better stop in.  So what have you done with the place?”  
Mickey looked around.  
"Mostly just maintenance, zincs, paint, lines, and the sheets.  It’s still like the 1900s on here.”   
“There’s a lot to be said for that.”  
“Oh we get hauled into the 20th century occasionally.  The fundraisers alone, the city, the zoning there’s no escaping it.  Oh yes, the real world is out there.”  
Jack had his face cradled in his palm, elbow on the table.  He smiled greatly.  
“And you’re keeping up just fine aren’t you?”  
“Oh, you know, hey I almost forgot.  Check this out!”  
Mickey leapt up from the table, Jack followed.  Mickey had made an office below the galley.  Along a couple of folding tables were six computers two printers a copier, a fax machine and two laptops charging up.  
“Not bad.”  
“We’re wireless too.”  
He picked up one of the laptops and pulled a card out of the side.  Not a credit card, a computer card.  It said 'AirCard' on it.  
“I can go up on deck, across the street, I even got a signal in our meetings!  It’s great.  I can access the other computers, and I get the Internet too.”  
“Wow.”  
Jack really tried to care.  
"Hey, do you have one of those credit card swipes?”  
“On the keyboard?  No.  We just don’t need it yet.  Why, what do you have?”  
Jack realized for the first time that he had not seen the FWE card since he first found it.  What had he done with it?  How stupid was he?  He started checking his pockets, mostly by feel at first, then he started emptying everything onto one of the tables in a panic.  
“You okay boy?”  
Mickey was half-kidding, half-serious.  
“Yeah, I think I lost my credit card.”  
He threw the envelope down on the table and kept digging.  Mickey locked on the envelope.  
“Something I should know maybe?”  
Jack continued patting himself down as he answered.  He wanted to appear unflustered, about the money at least.  
“That’s just, a payment for Walter.”  
“Walter is in Staten Island.”  
“Yeah, well, you’re just going to have to take my word for it for now.”  
“Meaning I’ll get the truth later.”  
“Got it!”  
He pulled the card out of his jacket liner pocket with his fingertips.  Mickey leaned in, to get a good look at it.  
“That’s no credit card.”  
“It’s for my credit union.”   
“Right.  I have some work to get to Jack.  No offense, but come back when the coast, or whatever, is clear.”  
“Yeah yeah, no offense to you either, it’s just a little sensitive right now.”  
“Good enough for me.”  
They were back on deck now and Jack was being led back to the ramp.  Jack turned to shake Mickey’s hand.  It was there waiting.  
“You be careful.  If you need something you know where to go.”  
“To hell?”  
“No you jackass, here.”  
“Hey, question.  What if it’s the middle of the night, how do I get in?”  
“The gate midway up the ramp is on pins, just lift it up.  But be quiet about it.”  
“Thanks Bud.”  
Jack slapped him on the shoulder and turned down the ramp.  His stride was twice as large on the decline.
“Well that went well,” he said aloud to himself while rolling his eyes.  He looked back across the river at the Watchtower.  It was 2:30.  He grabbed his helmet and started to think about his next move.  He realized it was the headphones.  He put the helmet back down and plugged himself back in.  He fished for his keys with his right hand and picked up his helmet with his left.  Once they were both in place he hit PLAY and cranked up the engine.  A quick look over his shoulder and right into the northbound lanes.  He was going to scream it but there were so many tourists that even he had trouble finding a hole to fit through.  He was uncharacteristically patient.  It was a good thing, because there was a traffic light right over his head.  It was red, and there were plenty of cops around.  Ever since 9/11 the cops were everywhere.  ‘Where were they when Tim needed them?  Oh, right.  He avoided them, that’s why I’m here.  Try to keep it together Danning.’
The crowd cleared and he sped up to get away from the traffic.  Yeah, like that was possible.  He couldn’t get back on the FDR from here, so he just wound his way uptown as the flow took him.  He stopped at 23rd Street.  He parked about twenty feet from a street vendor.  He hung his helmet on the handlebars knowing it wouldn’t be out of sight.  The vendor was dark skinned, Jack couldn’t place the nationality.  It used to be you didn’t give a steaming pile of crap who’s slop you were eating.  As long as it looked good, it was good.  Now everybody wanted to know.  Irani, Iraqi, Afghan.  Like it would even mean something.  For all you really knew he was just another starving immigrant slinging muddy waters.  For all you knew he was one of the damn freedom fighters who damn near killed himself and his family trying to get out of there.  Then again, he looks like a terrorist.  
He got his first hot pretzel of the season.  Autumn in New York was a good thing.  Every season was good in Manhattan, as long as you didn’t have to be there.  He kicked around Madison Square Park, which thanks to Broadway was not square.  Nor was it anywhere near Madison Square Garden by the way.  Who’s in charge of this stuff anyway.  He went back to amusing himself with the pigeons and the people.  He wondered which ones were the “Rats” with, or without wings.  An elegant looking woman, a real Lauren Bacall type was caught giving Jack the once over.  He actually liked the prospect.  He always preferred older women, not decrepit, just older than him.  Maturity-wise, who wasn’t older than him.  He had just stuffed a hook of the pretzel in his mouth and it just vaguely resembled a tusk.  He spun it in his mouth like a cigar, except it looked more like a propeller.  Now she was looking for a different reason.  
“You can’t afford it lady.”  
“I doubt that.”  
“Well, okay, but you couldn’t handle it.”  
“I doubt that too.”  
“Okay….. Wanna go upstairs and spank me?”  
He was laughing now.  He couldn’t help it.  She was laughing too, but she was still walking, maybe a little faster now.  He finished the pretzel on the way back to the bike, still smiling.

I Found You

Sixth Avenue, that’s what everyone called it.  The Mayor renamed it Avenue of the Americas so long ago that no one even remembered which Mayor, or why.  Between Fifth and Seventh, doesn’t it just scream Avenue of the Americas.  Jack found the SKYNET building easily enough.  He did a lap to make sure he had the layout of the parking garage.  It took almost fifteen minutes between the midtown traffic and the one way streets.  He parked the bike across the street from the garage.  The street vendor left enough room for him to sneak in without infringing on his business.  Jack walked around the perimeter of the building, staying across the street on every side.  The front had the typical two story glassed in lobby, the rest of it was brick and glass.  The garage was on the side street.  Both the entrance and exit were on Thirty Eighth Street.  It was a one way to the East Side, so he could sit all of the way at the end.  He was still hungry so he stayed by the vendor.  Those muddy waters were beginning to look good.  He did another lap, on their sidewalk this time.  He got a casual look into the lobby.  There were about six security guards inside, and a squad car outside.  Not that he was planning on knocking the place over or anything like that.  There were just a lot of people looking for anyone suspicious.  There was a huge board over the counter that looked like it used to be a directory.  Apparently that went out after 9/11 too.  Jack caved on the hot dog issue.  “Gimme four please, just mustard, and a Nesquik.”  Once he completed the juggling act back to the bike, he began to really focus on the next few hours.  
A really tan guy, with a chicken hawk nose in a black Town car, with a SkyNet sticker, and the grill pushed in.  The grill would be the giveaway, unless it was already in a shop somewhere.  That’s what concerned Jack.  This guy could slip away and it’d be days before Jack could figure out who he was.   He shoved the last half of a hot dog in his mouth as he saw something he could use.  
“Hey kid.”  
The teenaged boy instinctively closed his laptop and put it under his arm.  Jack gave him a second to compose himself.  Push the glasses back up your nose, there ya go.  
“I need a favor.  You pretty good with that thing?”  
“Meaning?”  
“I am looking for someone and I don’t know what he looks like exactly.  If I give you a name and a company, you think you could get a picture?”  
“What are you a private eye?”  
“Something like that.”  
“It’s a long shot.”  
“What toy are you missing on that thing?”  
“A seventeen inch screen would be nice.”  
“Yeah yeah so would a plasma TV, down boy.”  
“Okay, an external hard drive would be cool.”  
“How much?”  “About a hundred twenty.”  
“Done.  You get me the picture, you get the hundred twenty.”  
“Hey you’re not a terrorist are you.”  
Jack just stared at him pathetically.  
“Right.  Who is it?”  
"Tom Scallin, S-c-a-ll-i-n.  He’s with SkyNet here.”  
Jack pointed up to the building.  
“Why didn’t you say so?”  
The kid started tapping away at his laptop.  He kept looking over at the building.  
“Tell me if the guards start getting jumpy in there.”  
“What are you doing?”  
“Really?”  
“Yeah, sort of.”  
“This is a WiFi hot spot.  SkyNet there, has a wireless network.  It’s broadcast just like radio, anyone can pick it up.”  
“No way, SkyNet would never.”  
“Not the important stuff, no, that’s all hard wired.  But the basic administrative stuff, that’s right out there.  I still have to sign on, but that’s easy enough.”  
“Can you hear me now?”  
The kid laughed, “Yeah, basically.”  
Jack considered taking this kid with him.  
“This your guy?”  
“Holy shit that’s great!”  
“He’s still in there you know.”  
“How do you know that?”  
“He’s still logged on.”  
“Shit!  Can he see you?”  
“Not, anymore.”  He signed off whatever program he had been using.  
“Okay, can you still print me a copy?”  
“What are you stoned.  Do you see a printer?”  
“But I need a copy.”  
The kid pulls out one of those short fat pens, except it isn’t a pen.  He plugs it into the laptop and starts tapping away.  
“Here take this to the Staples over there, they’ll print it up.”  
Jack just stared at the pen.  
“Over there, go.  They’ll know what to do with it.”  
Jack headed for the staples.  
“Watch my bike.”  
Great, have a dork watch the bike.  Jack was amazed to find a countertop kiosk operation where he plugged in the pen, it printed a picture and a receipt to be taken to the register.  While waiting on line Jack separated a few twenties for himself and the hundred twenty for the kid.  He was going through the Wysnewski’s money pretty easily, he noted, better tone it down.  He looked outside to check on the bike and he saw some guy grabbing the kid.  The kid broke loose from him and took off like a shot.  It wasn’t a security guard as he had thought.  It was a guy in a suit, with a good tan and a little hooknose.  
“Bingo.”  
Jack didn’t sweat the kid.  He’d get him the money.  He had the kid’s pen thingy here.  He’d probably find Jack first.  He took his picture and stood out in front of the store watching Mr. Scallin stomp back into his office building.  Then he lit a cigarette and waited.  It couldn’t have been five minutes.  
“You okay kid?”  
“Yeah.  He couldn’t have tagged me that quick, no way.”  
Jack led him back into the store and gave him his pen back.  
“That’s SkyNet over there sport.  Do you really think you’re playing with the same toys as they are?   Not to mention, how many people were out here with their laptops running?  I could have nailed you on that one.”  
“And you’re not even a P.I.”  
“Got that right.”  
Jack spied a keyboard on display with a slot in it for reading credit cards.  He wondered if the kid could hook it into his laptop.  He liked this kid.  He considered having him around, then he considered what just almost happened to the kid, thanks to him.  
“What’s the best way to get in touch with you?  If I ever need a punk kid I mean.”  
The kid opens his wallet and hands him a business card.  As he took it Jack vented, 
“You little shit.  I barely have a card.  What, were you just sitting around and waiting for me."  
The kid backed up.  
“Uh, no.  I have a lot of friends in school and at home and online.  It’s easier this way.  You’re really uptight, you know that?”  
“Yeah, thanks kid,” he shoved the card in the sleeve pocket of his jacket.  
“Get goin’ kid.”  
“It’s Dan, it’s right there on the card.”  
“Yeah, good kid.  You want your money?”  
“Oh yeah!”  
He had really forgotten.  Jack stuffed the money in his hand.  
“He didn’t take anything from you did he?”  
“Just a few minutes off of my life.”  
“I hear that.”  
“I’ll be in touch, and thanks.”  
“No sweat Mr.”  
He patted his pocket where his new found cash was.  “Anytime.”
Jack let him put some distance out the door before he followed.  He thought again about the keyboard.  Too much crap for right now.  He went and sat on his bike and smoked, and watched the people.  He took a new spot, on the north side of 38th.  This would give him a clear shot right into Tom’s car window when he left.
Just before four a black BMW came out of the garage it was 760Li, the newer model by the looks of it.  It was our boy alright.  Jack threw on his helmet and cranked her up.  He’d get the chinstrap on at the first light.  Tom would be edgy now, but only looking for a kid.  If he was even convinced they were connected.  But that was a pretty quick attack considering he wasn’t security.  He had to have been monitoring the system.  They turned South and headed into the Lincoln Tunnel.  Jack smiled.  He stayed well behind.
When they came out of the tunnel they took the first exit.  “Hoboken Weehawken.”  The names were familiar to Jack, but not too familiar.  They made a left that took them into a corporate complex.  Tom parked by the hotel.  
“This could be interesting.”  
Jack drove out the other side of the lot and parked behind the dumpster.  He lit another cigarette, and waited.  A Chevy Cavalier pulled up about three spaces away from the beemer.  A leggy blond with long straight hair got out and walked into the hotel.  Just as she reached the door, Tom got out.  “Not too stealthy there Tom.”  Jack figured he had some time.  He got off of the bike and took a walk.  On the other side of Tom’s car was a ferry slip.  A little boat was on its way in.  It looked more like a double-decker bus than a boat.  When it got in a deckhand walked up to open the gate.  Jack attempted to be cordial even though most pros were pretty tight lipped.  
“How ya doin’?”  
“Hey.”  
Well, don’t you sound chipper?  He’d push his luck.  
“How long has this been here?”  
“Bout a minute and a half.”  
“Right.  Never mind.”  
The deckhand rolled his eyes.  Then he looked at Jack’s hands.  Callused, scarred and burnt.  
“You a welder?”  
“Jack really tried to come up with a good comeback, but it wasn’t there.  
“Yeah.”  
“We might be looking for a welder.  You do aluminum?”  
“Yeah.”  
Jack fished a card out of his wallet and gave it to him.  The deckhand held it up, 
“I don’t make the call, but I’ll make sure the guy that does, gets it.”  
“Thanks, that’s nice of you.”  
With that some guy in a black Chrysler drove by and honked at them.  
“There’s the man now.”  
The Chrysler kept going.  
“I’ll get it to him.  He’s cool.”  
“Well, thanks again.”  
“Oh, we’ve been here for about five years. It’s a private charter for the company in these two buildings, and for the hotel, not for the general public.  Truth be told, it’s the Island of Misfit Toys.  It’s the back offices, where the bright and the beautiful don’t go.  Them we bring to the other side.”  
“Got it.”  
“Hey this card says you are in Staten Island, got any hooks with the ferry over there?”  
“I do some side work for them, but no, I don’t have any weight over there.  That seems to be a Sheepshead Bay clan in there.  Sorry.”  
“That’s cool, I had to ask.”  
The captain keyed the microphone to the PA.  Apparently that was the signal to go.  
“Gotta go.  Nice meeting you.”  
“Same here.”  Jack knew he’d never see job one out of this, but that was okay.  They seemed like a good bunch of guys.
Jack took a walk over to the office buildings.  The lobbies usually had a newsstand or something.  As he wandered across the plaza Jack began to wonder about security.  Cameras were everywhere these days.  How many had he been on already?  How many was he on right now?  Without lifting his face he peered out at the corners of the buildings.  Two on every one of them and two under the entrance canopy.  Swell.  He’d have to keep that in the forefront of his mind from now on.  Never give them a face shot, and never let them get the bike.  He was relatively sure he was on the SkyNet cameras, and the hotel’s.  This escapade was not like any other time, he was beginning to get that into his head.  He kept his head down while scanning the papers, and the magazine rack.  Nothing appealed to him.  He got two Nesquiks out of the refrigerator in the back.  As he got to the counter he grabbed four packs of Oreos.  He pulled a ten out of the wad he pulled from his pocket.  The Asian woman behind the counter looked uncomfortable.  Maybe she was used to the suit and tie clientele from the offices.  Jack had other things on his mind.  He killed one of the Nesquiks on his way back to his bike.  The other bottle and the cookies were for later.  They went into the backpack.  He sat on the bike and lit another cigarette.  The bike was better balanced when it was moving.  You always felt like you were about to tip over with the kickstand.
After being in the hotel for a little over an hour, the blonde emerged.  Tom Scallin came out about two minutes later.  Jack got ready to go, but didn’t start the bike.  He pushed it around the back of the hotel to where he could see both exits.  Again he scanned for cameras.  The only ones he saw were trained on the parking garages entrances.  There were two, one above ground behind the Hotel, and one above and below ground behind the offices.  The black Beemer shot past him and out to the light at the main road.  Jack hit the key, the clutch and the shifter in one smooth motion.  He was three cars behind him at the light, but he would let more get in between them once they got on the main road.
They headed back towards the helix for the tunnel, but they didn’t go into it.  They were headed west, away from the city.  Forty minutes later they were in Colts Neck.  Jack kept his distance as Tom stopped for his dry cleaning, milk and bread, and picked up his daughter from softball practice at the school.  As the stores gave way to residences the properties began getting larger and larger.  Tom pulled into a long driveway with a ranch style house at the end of it.  There was a carport big enough for two cars attached to it.  There was a Town and Country minivan already parked there.  Tom and his daughter got out and Mrs. Scallin was in the doorway waiting.  Jack half expected a yellow lab to come running out too, if only to complete the picture.  A Springer spaniel came out instead.  “Close enough.”  Jack was too exposed and he knew it so he let out the clutch and kept moving.  Unable to find anyplace he could stalk from, he turned around.  Diagonally across the street from Toms house was another ranch set way back from the road.  On either side of the driveway were about ten evergreens.  Jack pulled in the clutch, shut off the motor and shifted back to neutral.  He coasted right into the middle of the trees and disappeared.  Jack stayed there for over an hour, watching the silhouettes flash across the windows.  Tom was done for the night.



XI

In fifteen minutes he was on the Goethals Bridge.  In eight more minutes more he was at his shop.  It wasn’t much, a fifty by one hundred corrugated steel shed, with four garage doors, two opening to the dock, the other two were at either end.  To be honest it was more than he needed.  It was on the waterfront so he had a drive up service for the boats.  That’s something no other welder on the Island has.  He even had an agreement with Gary Miller so that he could use one of his boats if he had to get mobile.  All of his equipment is right inside the entrance, which gave him easy access to both the driveway and the dock.  He had another agreement with the Mackenzie’s so he could use one of their trucks for deliveries.  In fact one of their trucks was in the driveway now.  The rear crash bar had once again done its job.  The repair was done, but he hadn’t picked it up yet.  Jack had to leave the bike in front of it.  They’ll be calling in the morning.  Once you get past the equipment, you had the office to the right, a shit pile stacked up against the wall on the left, and in between was Manny’s ground, more electronics and computers than Jack could name.  Usually it was covered by a tarp.  Manny was an odd bird.  Most of Jack’s friends didn’t like him.  They felt Manny was using him, even worse than Walter was.  Manny was a DJ, a Drummer and a Videographer.  Sometimes he would combine them and make a ‘club video.’  A club video is when he would take certain trendy songs, and match them up to video that he had shot locally.  This always gets the crowd going because they will see someone or someplace that they know.  Once in a while you might even see yourself.  People would often submit party or wedding videos to be put in.  Jack thought this was all rather base, but then again who gave a shit what he thought?  As Jack entered the shop, he was beset by the biggest damn dog he ever saw.
“Holy Shit!!”  
It was Buster, Paul’s Great Dane.  Harmless if you don’t mind the initial heart attack and the drool.  
“Mu-ther-fucker, you scared the shit out of me ya slobberin’ bastard.”  
Jack bent to pet the poor dog.  It may as well have been sweet nothings as far as Buster was concerned.  
“Ha ha ha ha ha!  You shoulda seen your face!”  
“That you Paul?”  
“No such luck.  It’s Manny.”  
Jack got up and peered over the pile of equipment.  
“You are alive!  Beat that.  I was about to put an ad in for all of your equipment.”  
“Not until you see the body in the box brother.”  
That brought Jack back a few hours.  
“Yeah, I guess so.”  
Manny realized what he said and immediately began backpedaling.  
“Oh shit man.  I’m sorry.  I didn’t mean…that.”  
Jack just shook his head.  
“Nah, Nah man it ain’t you, and it’s no harsher than some of what I’ve said.”  
“That’s true.”  
Jack laughed, 
“At least I know you appreciate me.”  
“You’ll always know that buddy.”  
“Don’t blow smoke up my ass.  You know I hate that.”  
They shook hands greatly, even did the half-hug back-pat thing.  
“Just greasing the hinge man.”  
“Yeah yeah, you know how to grease that hinge right?”  
“Been workin’ on it.  You sure you want all of that old crap converted to digital?  Some of that really should be destroyed.”  
“Well the one I sent to your phone I need specifically.  You got the list, right?”  
“The CD’s on your desk, the first thing I did.”  
“Now that’s greasing it!  How about some breakfast?”  
“I don’t know thailor what did you have in mind.”  
“Hey, you’re the Greek one.”  
“Oh, bad form Jack!”  
“You started it.”  
“And boy can’t you end it.  Man, you – are – rude.”  
“And that’s my good side.  You comin’?”  
“Dory’s?”  
“Nothing else comes close.”  

Is That It?

While Manny shut down, Jack went and got his CD from his desk and started the download onto his Mp3 player.  They both headed out the door while buster whined, pined and howled for them to come back.  Jack made a mental note to bring back a burger for him.
“Dory’s” wasn’t really “Dory’s.”  Nobody really knew who owned it.  It just said “DINER” out on the roof.  Dory worked the night shift. Her real name was Dorothy.  Dory was also the forgetful fish in the ‘Nemo’ movie.  No matter what you ordered you got something, close, to what you ordered.  That is why they say “Nothing else comes close.”  The thing was you couldn’t even counter the attack.  If you ordered blueberry pancakes and two link sausages, you’d get a blueberry crepe and 2 sausage patties.  If you tried to get smart and order a blueberry crepe and two patties, you wouldn’t get your pancakes and links; you’d get a quiche and two strips of bacon.  Once in a great while she’d slip up and you’d actually get what you ordered.  It was fun to watch the newcomers.
They took a booth in the smoking section.  Dory was busy, but she gave them a wave to let them know she’d be over.  Neither of them looked at a menu.  What would be the point?  Jack began contemplating a counter-order.  It was futile, and he knew it.  But the only thing he didn’t want was a crepe.  May as well give it a shot.  
“I’m gonna try something here.”  
“Don’t man, it’ll only piss you off.”  
“Nah, I got this one.”  
“You’ll be sor-reeey.”  
“Hey, you gotta try.”  
“Try what?”  It was Dory.  
“Oh, hey Dory.”  
It was okay, she thought it was short for Dorothy.  
“I’d like to try a crepe and an order of pancakes with scrambled eggs and sausage links.”  
“Is that enough for you or do we need to get the Dumpster Buffet?”  
“Up yours Manny.”  
“Nice table talk.  Do you believe this guy?”  
“He’s got a job.  So yes, I believe him.”  
“That was uncalled for.  I am in charge of the tip you know.”  
“Wow I just cost myself a whole nickel.”  
“Nice.  I’ll have something resembling a cheeseburger with fries and two Cokes.  Coke’s good Jack?”  
“Yeah fine.  Thanks Dory.”  
“Thank you Jack.”  Manny sat back in the both and patted his chest.  “And I…”  
She was already walking away.  
“can eat shit apparently.”  
“Face it Manny, people don’t like you.”  
“At least they’re not afraid to stand next to me.”  
“Oh, so I’m the plague?”  
“No, just a magnet, for trouble.”  
“It does get to look that way, doesn’t it?”  
“Get to?  Has-been pal.  Haven’t you been paying attention?”  
“Yeah, Yeah.”  
“So what have you got on the Tim thing?”  
“What do you mean, ‘What have I got?’”  
“Don’t bullshit me man.  You’re down at the shop at midnight on a Tuesday.  Paul’s dog is here.  Which means he’s running the place.  I know you’ve got something going.  So give, what is it?”  
“Nah, it’s nothing, just something to look into.”  
“And how big is the bees nest you’re looking into?”  
“Can’t tell just yet.”  
Dory showed up with their food.  A cheeseburger and fries was put down in front of Manny.  He and Jack sat there in shock.  
“How come I feel like I just found the Rosetta Stone?”  
“You may have.”  
There were two plates heading for Jack.  The right amount at least.  She slid one across him, and the other right in front.  The first was an order of Quiche, the second, waffles with strawberries on the side.  
“Swell.”  
“I told you Jack.”  
“Is there a problem?”  
“No, no, Dory, this is fine.  Thanks.”  
“Okay.”  
She went hopping off to another table.  
“So where were we?  Oh yeah. The bees nest.”  
Manny let it sit there forcing Jack to comment.  Jack was stuffing a stack of waffles soaked in syrup into his mouth..  He didn’t let that stop him.  
“Nod thur yed.”  
“It’s okay Jack, I can wait till you’ve finished chewing.”  
Jack swallowed hard.  
“That may be a while.”  
“I’ll take my chances.  I’d rather watch that dog eat than you.  Are you okay?”  
“Just hungry.”  
“Yeah, I’d say so.”  
Jack finished the waffles in about 6 forkfuls.  Manny took human bites.  
“You okay now?”  
“Yeah, I just need,  Hey Dory,” 
She was two booths away.  Jack never did this.  
“can I get a chocolate milk, Large.  
“Oh, you’re trying to piss her off so she gets your order right, right?”  
“No.  I’m friggin’ hungry, and want some chocolate milk.”  
Jack looked surprised.  Manny believed him this time.  
“Here is your shake.”  
“Thanks hon.”  
Jack looked over at Manny like he couldn’t believe she could screw up a drink order from point A to point B.  Manny understood.  
“We call her Dory for a reason ya know.”    
Jack just set upon his vanilla shake.  
“So were there other circumstances to be considered with Tim’s suicide?”  
“Not suicide, ooooh  Ice Cream Headache.  Owwww.”  
Manny went right back into tease mode.  
“He died from and ice cream headache?”  
“No Jackass.  He was murdered.”  
“Ohhh.”  
“Tim left me a clue, and cops found ether.”  
“And the two spell???”  
“Trouble.  The cops are following the wrong trail, his brother Roger.”  
“Oh.”  
“The note he left me goes back to his job, to the city.”  
“Roger must be very uncomfortable.”  
“As a suspect, yes.  But he knows a little of what I know.  Just enough to play along.”  
“Play.  You consider tampering with evidence and withholding information, playing?”  
“Okay, Poor choice of words.  But take it easy.  This was all put directly to me, and clearly in the direction of me doing something about it.  Not turning it over to police.”  
“Don’t say no.”  
“Exactly.”  
That was one of the songs Jack sent on the text message to be recorded.  
“So who else, besides Roger, Paul, and me have you sucked into this?”  
“You’re not.”  
Manny put up his hand.  
“I know about it, I’m in it.”  
Jack sat back from his shake.  
“Oh jeeze.  I guess Linda, Tim’s parents, to some extent my mother and Horace at the Paramount.”  
“That’s a lot, and you forgot Paul and Cujo.  If this goes bad, you’ve endangered a lot of people.”  
"Oh shit.  I never even considered it coming apart.”  
“It sounds like you’ve barely got it together.”  
“What do I do?”  
“Nothing.  No more talking, no more contact, no more anything.  Then you sit back and evaluate how important it is for you to pursue this.  Or, should this be handed over to the police.  Your friend Jim, he should be able to slip it in, no?”  
“I guess.”  
“Good.  Then do it now.”  
“What happened to evaluating it?”  
“That was just to get you to agree.  You did, so now I know, that you know, you’re in over your head.”  
“But I can’t.  It was too direct.”  
Jack pulled out his wallet.  Manny thought it was to pay the bill, so he started pulling his out, just to be polite.  
“I got this Jack.”  
“Good.”  
Jack slid the picture across the table.  
“You tell him no.”  
Manny flipped the card over a few times, and handed it back to Jack.  
“Be careful man.”  
Jack replied flatly, 
“Duh.”  
Jack threw down a five and tucked it under the sugar dispenser.  They got up and headed for the cashier.  Dory handed them their receipt and the bagged quiche and strawberries as they waited.  They both took a mint flavored toothpick.  Jack stuck a few in his jacket pocket, next to the envelope from Mr. Wysnewski.  Jack snickered when he thought about Manny paying for the meal while he had all of that money on him.  They distracted themselves with small talk on the walk back to the shop.



XII

As they approached the driveway Jack noticed someone sitting on Manny’s hood.
“Looks like a groupie tracked you down.”  
Manny had been looking down at the ground.  He looked up to see Donna getting off of his hood.  -
“Uh, Recon.  That’s Donna.  Her car is over there.”  
Jack was watching Manny to see his reaction, he wound up having his own.  His head spun around like it was spring loaded.  He managed to stay quiet and began formulating a plan.  They were closing in on her.  She was now standing in the middle of the driveway, her arms folded across her chest.  She was obviously upset that she hadn't seen Jack in three days, and had missed Tim's wake.  Her head was cocked at an angle that was clearly confrontational and superior.  Like she had this won already.  That was not a good tactic with Jack, as she was about to find out.  They were within ten feet of her now.  
“How long to convert all of those cassettes to CDs?”  
He was addressing Manny.  He wasn’t expecting it, but he managed to get an answer out.  
“About a week, maybe less.  It’s kind of tedious.”  
Jack wasn’t even listening.  They were up to Donna now.  Manny began to move to the right to give her a wide berth.  Jack mirrored the move, and while walking past her looked dead at her, but it was how you’d look at an overflowing garbage can, or a piece of road kill.  Donna lost at least one shade of color.  Her jaw dropped as she spun around to watch Jack walk right by.  Manny was in shock, but still knew enough to quicken his pace.  He was walking like he had to go to the bathroom.  That’s right where he was headed, to hide.
Jack grabbed the door before it could close.  That was too close as far as Manny was concerned, he sprinted for the bathroom.  
“Coward.”  
“You got that right Buddy.”  
Jack bent down to give Buster his Quiche and strawberries.  ‘He ought to love this,’ he thought.  He turned the bag over and a cheeseburger slapped into his palm.  
“How does she do that?”  
The door swung open behind him and the yelling began, sort of.  She came through the doors yelling, 
“Jaaack!”  
She then promptly fell over him while he was feeding Buster.  Jack just looked at her on the floor, indifferently.  Adolph Hitler would have helped her to her feet.  Jack stood up, and walked into his office.  He knew the bathroom was taken.  She got to her feet and was so mad all she could think to do was storm out.  Certainly he’ll chase her.  He lit a cigarette and looked over the records Paul had left.  So far so good.  He heard the car start and the tires chirp as she pulled away.  
“That’ll do pig.”  
Manny slowly emerged from the bathroom.  
“Where is she?”  
“Oh it’s safe ya big baby.”  
“She left?”  
“Yes Manny, it’s safe to go back in the water.”  
“Easy for you to say. You she’ll forgive, me, I get hated for the rest of my life, just for being here.”  
“True enough, I’ve been on the wrong side of that gun myself.”
“So you just blew her off?  No Hi, no excuses?”  
“I really don’t need someone else trying to talk me out of something I have to do.  Besides, it’s your fault.  You told me not to talk to anyone.”  
“You better give her something to go on, or she ain’t coming back.”  
“Oh she’ll be back.  But for now, I believe we have just broken up.”  
“Like I said, you’re done.”  
“Not so.  Nothing was done.  Everything has been left unresolved and if only for curiosity’s sake, she will have to find out why I did what I just did.  Whether she loves me or hates me, she will have to have an answer.”  
Jack took a cup of water.  
“Upon getting it, along with some color commentary, she will certainly soften to the struggle of her poor tormented man.  In the meantime I get some time to operate freely.”  
“If she walks in here right now and shoots you, I’ll swear you provoked her.”  
Jack just laughed.  
“I wouldn’t be lying man.”  
Jack laughed harder.  
“You’re a peach Manny.”  
“And you’re a lemon Jack, as sour as they come.”  
“As much fun as this is, I have to get out of here before she decides she wants her answer tonight.”  
“You better lock that door, ‘cause I ain’t dealing with her after that act.”  
“Just keep going on those cassettes.”  
“Yeah, sure thing.  Hey, is everyone in your life just here for your convenience?”  
“Pretty much.”  Jack knew it seemed like that sometimes, but it was the farthest thing from the truth, sort of.  Jack had a weird sort of smoke and mirrors thing going on.  He needed people who needed him.  That was the long and short of it.  If you didn’t need him, he had no use for you.  Like I said, weird.  
“Hey Jack, CYA man.”  
“I major in it Bro.”  
Cover Your Ass.  Jack wondered if he ever did anything else.  He put the Mp3 player in his chest pocket.  He almost ran out the door.
The headphones were plugged in and the helmet jammed on.  He was gone.  He couldn’t help looking right and left for Donna’s car.  The music hit hard.  He hadn’t heard some of it since high school.  Man weren’t those the days.  Too old for our parents to worry about us, and too young to be held responsible.   What could be better, everything was someone else’s fault.  Thank you James Dean, the king of it’s not my fault.  It’s my parents, or school or society.  Thank you indeed.  Of course we had to screw with that too.  Life was too good, so naturally we had to focus on death.  That’s why we have these Goth kids today, same shit, new clothes.  As he hit the suicide turn on the terrace Billy Squire's 'Don't Say No' kicked on.  It may as well have been Tim singing directly to him.  
“You come from the borderline, I come from the void.  You kill me in overtime, you take good care of your boy.”  
The words stabbed him, almost physically.  He cringed at the thought that came with it.  Jack was clearly on the borderline, of sanity, the law, society.  Name an edge and he was there.  Just as clearly Tim was from the void.  The layer of kids who never got noticed at school.  Not an honor student, not a jock or a burnout, just there.  Jack never really understood him.  He wondered if any of us understood anyone.  He doubted it.  He just knew that from the minute they met, he had to have him around, unlike Katie.  Who usually wore out her welcome in about twenty minutes.
There was a Red convertible Jetta parked in front of Jack’s apartment.    She was sitting on the hood with her feet up on the bumper.  Her hair had grown a bit.  It was just a shade darker than a strawberry blonde.  Had he seen her at all in the last year he would have kept going.  He hadn’t so he was curious.  He contemplated his options.  He really didn’t have one.  He put the bike behind her car.  No sense putting the bike in harms way.  She was off of the car before the kickstand was down.  Her head was bouncing around just below his eye level and her hands were waving around.  He was rather amused at the fact that she had no idea he couldn’t hear her.  He took off his helmet laughing right in her face.  She slapped him, quickly.  He leaned back and curled an eyebrow at her.  The universal language for twitch and I’ll rip your spine out.  Her arms went to her side and her face softened.  
“I have headphones on and can’t hear you, you moron.”  
He popped them out by yanking the wire.  She didn’t want to take that last shot, but did.  
“I’m sorry, I thought you were making fun of me.”  
“I was.”  
“I mean at what I was saying.”  
“Try me.”  
“Oh shut up Jack.”  
She nearly leapt into his arms and kissed him.  As she did a set of headlights crossed over them.  Donna's champagne pink Sunbird was squealing it’s tires driving away from them now.  When Jack turned back to Katie, she looked puzzled.  
“What was that?”  
“Just one more piece of wreckage in your wake, but don’t worry.  Not that you would.”  
He started walking for the apartment.  When she began to follow he turned around and headed back towards her car.  
“Aren’t you going to ask me in?”  
“Does it look it?”  
“Jack.”  
He turned to see her in the pleading mode.  Knees bent, arms bent out at the elbows, back hunched, and that pathetic face.  She had no idea how unsympathetic that made him.  He leaned on her car.  
“What do you want?”  
“I just want to talk Jack really.  Don’t say no.”  
He twisted his neck so fast he got that burn down his neck right behind the ear.  
“Mu-ther-fucker, is there anything about you that doesn’t hurt?”  
“Buy me a drink and maybe we’ll find out.”  
“Your threats don’t work on me.  I know you better.”  
“I come here to offer my condolences and support, and I get this.”  
“Thanks bunches dear, but if it’s down to weddings and funerals, I’ll pass.”  
“That’s not what I meant and you know it.  Now, come on, what have you got to drink in there?”  
“Cyanide I hope.”  
She giggled, taking that as a yes.  Now that giggle, he could fall for.  But he had not yet forgotten her ‘don’t say no’ comment.  That had better have been coincidence.  When they got in the apartment he dropped the backpack next to the couch and put his helmet on the counter.  She was already in the fridge.  Jeans still looked good on her, of course they’d look pretty good on the floor too.  
“Two bottles, wheee!”  
He shook his head and went into the bathroom.  When he came out she had put the music on, and her shoes were off.  She fell across the sofa like a cherry into whipped cream.  
“Comfy?”  
“Yes thank you.  I’m letting you do the manly thing by opening and pouring for us.”  
“You’re too kind.”  He took out a beer, popped the cap, and sat up on the counter.  
“So what’s up?”  
She just looked at him somewhere between disbelief and indignation, as she went and got herself some wine.  
“Well Sir Rudeness, I heard about Freddie, condolences by the way.”  
“It was Tim, but point taken.”  
“Tim, oh I’m so sorry.  Fred I could see, but Timmy?  How does that happen?  He was pretty together wasn’t he?”  
“Yeah, good job, a career going, engaged.”  
Katie gasped.
“She must be a wreck.”  
“To tell you the truth, I haven’t even gotten to speak to her.  She was at the wake I think, I guess.  I don’t know, I was bounced around like a pinball in there.  Hey, come to think of it, that means she’s available now, right?  How long should I wait before tapping that?”  
“You’re horrible!”   
He always got diarrhea of the mouth with her, mostly because he was afraid of what she had to say.  
“What?  It’ll be a rebound thing.  She may as well get that over with.  Should I make it a mourning vulnerability thing?  Easier to get out of.”  
“You’re just sick.”  
“Hey, that accounts for some of my best attributes.  You might recall.”  
He curled that brow again and she knew exactly what he meant.  
“Don’t you wish.”  
“My wishing ended at the curb.”  
“Keep that up, see if I stick around.”  
“Do we really want to get into your sticking around issues?”  
“So how’s your mom doing?”  
“She fine, I saw her yesterday.”  
“I miss her.”  
“And she misses you, with every shot.”  
“Stop it, she loves me.”  
“Love’s not the issue though is it?”  
“It’s how I torment her little boy.”  
“And how stupid it makes her boy look.”  
“You’re not stupid.”  
“Anymore.”  
“Besides Jack, the time we share is special.  We may not have tomorrow, but we still have forever.”  
“And tomorrow never comes, forever.”  
“Jack can we find a lighter topic please, I’ve tried twice and I still get attacked.”  
“Well you’ll have to forgive me, and everyone I know, if we’re hostile, we’re cranky like that.”  
“I’m gonna need a bigger glass.”  
She headed for the bottle of wine.  Jack finished his beer and threw it into the open garbage can under the phone.  He checked the fridge for something to eat.  
“You hungry?”  
“I thought you’d never ask.”  
“Chicken and noodles.”  
“Sounds good to me.”  
“You ain’t seen it yet.”  
He took a bag of frozen Mesquite chicken filets out and tossed them on a cookie sheet.  He put the electric oven on high.  A pot of water was put to simmer on top.  The bag of ‘Noodles-N-Butter Sauce’ looked decent until you saw that it was a store brand.  He started sorting out plates and silverware while it cooked.  
“So where are you living these days?”  
“Well I still have my room at my mothers.”  
“Of course.  How is she?”  
“Fine, she says hello, and condolences.”  
“Same back.”  
“But I'm buying a condo in Connecticut.”  
“Connecticut!”  
“North Stonington, it’s one of those nice quaint little towns.”  
“Yeah, I’m sure it’s a postcard.  What the hell is out there?  No, wait let me guess.  Professor, Banker, Candlestick maker?”  
“No, in fact, just the opposite.  I am on my own, and it just doesn’t remind me of anywhere.”  
“Well with the debris trail you leave, I can understand not wanting reminders.”  
“Will you give it a rest?  You made your point.”  
“Sorry, it’s just so much fun.”  
“Okay, but you want me to come back some time right?  Never mind don’t answer that.”  
“Yeah, If you’re going to lob ‘em out there like that, I am gonna hammer them.”  
“Yeah, I know.  But back to me, I am doing really good.  Do you like my car?”  
“Yeah, a real chick car.  Are you watching Lifetime too, or is it Xena?”  
“Ewww no, that’s gross.”  
“I don’t want to know how you came by that knowledge.”    
He raised his hands and made like he was going to leave the room.  Then he snapped his fingers as he turned back to her.  
“Is it on tape?”  
“You’re a pig.”  
“Hey, I’m not the one on the Internet.”  
“Can you believe what’s on there?  There are some really sick people out there.”  
“Exactly my point, you usually speak from experience.”  
“Oh let it go.  Your jokes are better when at least loosely based in truth.”  
“Hey, it’ll give me something to work with later.”  
“Yeah and you’ll be working alone as usual.  Ha ha ha.”  
“You like your jokes almost as much as I like mine.”  
“Yeah, based in truth.  Ha ha ha.”  
“Oh right, I forgot how witty wine made you.”  
“You better catch up buddy.”  
There was a word that stung from her.  “Buddy.”  If there was one thing he never wanted to be it was her “Buddy.”  He’d rather be a stranger.  ‘You’re the reason I’m such a prick, and you have no idea,’ he thought.  He loaded the plates and put them on the table.  He poured himself a glass of wine and sat down.  She was sitting on the floor now, leaning on the couch.  She seemed lost, swaying her head to the music.  He couldn’t stand that she wouldn’t be there forever.  It was just that kind of thinking that drove her off, every time.  So he’d be mean, because that’s what kept her here.  He’d be mean because every time she showed up she broke his heart.  Like tearing the marrow from the bone, that’ll make you mean boy.  She looked up to see him watching her, and eating.  
“Well don’t tell me.”  
“You’re eight feet away, I’m supposed to call you to dinner?  I don’t think so.”  
“Well you saw I didn’t realize.”  
“More than I ever needed to.”  
“What?”  
“Forget it.”  
“Okay, let’s eat.”  
“Yes, let’s.”  
They finished dinner with a lot of small talk.  Mostly who is where, and doing what, and how well.  The first bottle came and went by the end of dinner.  Neither was sure when the second one went.
Jack woke up to a lot of light, a lot of pain, and a lot of room in his bed.  The note under the aspirin bottle read, “Now I remember why I keep coming back.”  He crumpled it up and tossed it in the wastebasket.  Then he thought better of it.  He picked it out, and threw it in the toilet.  Then he took his morning crap on it.
XII

He took his aspirin with iced tea.  The sugar helped get him going.  He began to roll over the day before, trying to get his bearings.  He now knew a few places to find Mr. Scallin.  It seems he gained a Great Dane, lost his girlfriend, but managed not to lose Katie.  
“Nice going, don’t forget that you also gained a new suspect.”  
He started having a conversation with the voice inside him.  It would be more accurate to say his voice was having a conversation with him.  
Jack: “Is there a gun in the house?”  
Voice: Finish the thought.  Jack returned to the thinking man’s position.  
What about that?  How does she turn up with the exact phrase?  
Voice: But she thought it was Fred, not Tim.  
Jack: That was a diversion, too obvious.  Word for word, that’s just not possible, but how could she be connected?  
Voice:  I bet Linda knows.  
Jack:  I bet she does!  I’m out.  I’m getting out of this.  I’m just a stupid welder.  I make a decent living, and I’m getting back to it.  
Voice:  You’re not in this for the money.  
Jack: I know.  I’m in it for Tim.  
Voice: And you’ll be seeing it through, no matter what.  
Jack:  I’ll be seeing it through.  No matter what.  That part would worry most people, it’s what drove Jack.
He crushed his cigarette in the ashtray, and went into the shower.  He got dressed and made himself some scrambled eggs, eight to be exact.  He dumped them on his plate and sprinkled pepper on them.  He reached into the refrigerator and pulled out the ketchup.  As he painted the pile with ketchup he anticipated the taste.  Like the Delaware, it brought him right back to his childhood.  The security of not knowing what you didn’t know, of not knowing or fearing the truly frightening.  My day’s concerns were dodging the old man, what’s for lunch, and where is my G.I. Joe?  Just thinking about it was comforting to him.  To know that those days once existed.  That they might still for some kids.  
Voice: Like Tim’s, if he hadn’t been murdered.  
Jack: Hey, that’s not fair.  You don’t know that!  
Voice: We never will now, will we?   
Jack: Is that you Tim?  
Voice: Who’d you expect, Liberace maybe?  
Jack: Cut it out.  This isn’t funny.  
Voice: Okay, I’ll be good.  
Jack: So who is this really?  
Voice: Winston Churchill.  
Jack:  He’d have better advice.  He grabbed his stuff and headed out the door.
XIV

How Much Is Enough

The cigar stub was wedged between his fingers as a seemingly permanent sixth digit.  His right hand was fingering the stem of a wine glass.  He was listening to this outsider’s story.  He was not happy.  You see, he had invested a lot of money and his political influence in this man’s project.  He had no less than three civic groups and two marketing agencies set to launch this product.  The payoff would be enormous, beyond anything anyone had dreamed of before.  The caveat was that this was entirely dependent on public perception.  Exposure was not an option.  Now there was a “Glitch.”  A minor step in the process had been put under unexpected scrutiny by some puissant, junior reporter.  Ten years ago Joey would have thrown himself on the man and cut his heart out.  He longed for those days now.  These days he sat like a businessman and patiently listened.  Tom was telling him how the reporter issue was over.  He had eliminated the reporter.  While that impressed Mr. Scarlucci, he was still alarmed that this situation had developed at all.  What Tom was trying to avoid telling him was that the card issue remained.  Joey had not come this far without sweating the details.  
“How did he get into the back door?”  
“That was my fault; I had the first batch of cards, for our use, made with the passwords encoded in reverse, on the card.  All we would have to do is swipe it backwards.  Unfortunately my administrator card also had that feature.”  
“But how did he get in the back door?”  
“I used the reverse swipe to get in the back door.”  
“So basically, you let him in your office, then you tutored him in the fine arts.”  
“Roughly, yes sir.”  
“How about I hold the card for now?”  
Joey reached across the table.  
“I, don’t have it, sir.”  
The kettle blew.  
“You don’t have it!  Where is it?”  
“I’ve been monitoring that sir, and since it was used in his brother's house in Staten Island, it has not been used.  I believe that the reporter hid it, and that that issue is over as well.”  
“You think that’s acceptable?”  
“Well, sir, I am continuing to monitor the situation, so if there is any use.”  
“You just told me it’s a non-issue.”  
“Yes, well.”  
“You think that it’s okay to have that card floating around an investigation.  An investigation that, if poked correctly, could eventually involve my name.”  
“Well sir, you know we insulated you from the project.”  
“My attic is insulated, it still gets cold.”  
“Point taken”  
“That card can’t still get into the system, can it?”  
“Well, yes sir.  That’s what it was designed for.”  Joey lost it.  
“I mean you locked it out of the system, you jackass.  That’s what you want to tell me isn’t it!”  
“I am sorry sir, I misunderstood.  No.  The card will still allow access.”  
“What!”  
“Well it’s the only way to track it, if someone’s using it.”  
“So it can access the program?”  
“Well, it, yes, yes sir.”  
“Can’t you lock it out?”  
“Well I could, but then it wouldn’t be used again, and I couldn’t track it.”  
“You wouldn’t need to you stupid son of a bitch.”  
Tom’s mouth fell closed.  He looked down at the tablecloth.  
“It could still be used as a smoking gun.”  
“Then I guess it’s still an issue, isn’t it?”  
He started packing his laptop calmly.  He didn’t want to appear anxious.  Like when you come up on a strange dog.  Don’t show fear, they can smell it.  
“Get moving you fucking moron!”  
Tom flew to the door.  
“Get that card!”



XV

Joe Danning pulled his bike to the pier side of the shop.  Last night’s detection was costly.  Buster was drooling on his leg before he even got the kickstand down.  When he turned around, Paul and Curt Mackenzie were standing there.  Curt was here to pick up his fathers truck.  Mac and his dad ran their own trucking company.  It was only six trucks, but it was enough to keep them busy.  They used to have a company with their uncle down in Georgia, but they had some infighting, and after the lawsuits hit the floor, Mac’s dad had lost everything.  His other uncle offered to take them on, down in Galveston Texas; he had a marine outfit down there.  Apparently Mac’s dad would rather struggle alone than depend on anyone else.  
“Hey Mac, how are ya?”  
“Jack.  How’ve you been?  Sorry about your friend.”  
They shook hands.  
“Oh yeah, thanks.  Still wrecking your dad’s trucks I see?”  
“At least I’m working.  When did you retire?”  
“Retire?  This monkey will retire before me.  I give him a little slack and he ignores my paying customers for deadbeats like you.”  
“Hey Jack.”  
“Hey Paul.  Any problems?”  
Jack put his hand on Paul’s shoulder.  
“All smooth.”  
“You’re picking up after this beast, right?”  
“Well I had to fix Miller’s forklift for it, but yeah.”    
He opened the door and Buster led them into the shop.  He gave a gentle nudge on Paul’s shoulder.  
“How’s your old man Mac?  I haven’t seen him in awhile.”  
Mac took a seat by the window, and Jack poured two cups of the coffee that Paul had probably made for himself.  
“Not too good, between the unions and the mob, as if there is any distinction, we’re barely holding on.”  
“Life in the big city, it’s just the way things are done in the great Northeast.”  
“That doesn’t make it right.  This company is all that my dad has.  Well that, and me.”  
"How about his brothers?”  
“Don’t even go there.”  
“That bad?”  
“Nothing to be done there.”  
“Hey, you’re not just buttering me up for a freebie are you?”  
"In Texas I could shoot you for that.”  
“I didn’t think you needed a reason in Texas.  Hey you keep bringing up Texas; I thought you were from Georgia.”  
“No, that’s where my dad and his brother set up the trucking company.  We’re from Galveston.  My other uncle stayed, he’s got a crew and supply service down in GulfPort Mississippi for the rigs in the Gulf.  Can we let it go now?”  
“Yeah, yeah, I’m sorry.”  
Jack seemed absentminded.  
“So how are you spending your retirement?”  
“Oh, that.  It seems there were some mitigating factors in my friend Tim’s death.  I was chosen to put the pieces together.”  
“You?  You can barely put two pieces metal together if they’re handed to you.”  
“Well fortunately most of it has been handed to me.”  
“So what are you doing about it?”  
“Research mostly.”  
“Yeah, there’s something I’d pick you for.”  
“Okay, so it’s not exactly your average research.”  
“Do tell do tell.”  
“Nah, too may people in on it already.  Hey, you’re a gadget freak right?”  
“Well I have some toys, yeah.”  
“Computers?”  
“Name it.”  
“Credit card swipe?”  
“Phfffft, last year.” 
“On the computer?”  
“Yeah, need it?”  
“Yeah, can you bring it over.”  
“Not happening brother.  I ain’t disconnecting all of that crap.  You can come over if you want.”  
“Is now good?”  
“Yeah, dad’s doing the rounds with the accounts.”  
“Did you bring your car?”  
“No I got dropped off.”  
“Okay, you take the truck and I’ll meet you there with my bike.”  
“No, you take the forklift and I’ll take the Miller Girls.”  
“Shut up jag off.”
The Mackenzie Trucking Company was everything you’d expect.  A dirt and gravel lot, and a beige concrete block building with windows you couldn’t see through without the help of a good rock.  You get past the alarm systems, yes plural, and the office looked like a time capsule from the 1950s, that had been left open.  There wasn’t a white piece of paper in the place.  Mac went over to a metal frame cubicle in the middle of the room.  Jack noticed that the entrance could not be seen from any window.  Not that that was a problem.  Jack followed him in.  Mac was turning things on right and left.  Jack was baffled, 
“Ground control to Major Tom.”  
He gave Jack the chair.  
“Here you go.  Do you want me to leave?”  
“No, I’m going to need some help here.”  
“Okay, the swipe is on the keyboard, and you're always online, so everything should be automatic.  I put it on record, so everything you do will be saved.”  
“Right, okay.”  
The screen opened to Windows NT.  
“Okay, I just swipe it.”  
“It might go; some require you to be on Internet Explorer.  Give it a shot.”  
Jack ran the card through the swipe.  When nothing happened, he looked back at the keyboard and dragged the card backwards.  He didn’t see the F.W.E. welcome screen come on, welcoming Mr. Scallin.  By the time he looked up it read, “Welcome Tom.  Please select a Category.”  Below that were three buttons, Local, State and Federal.  He clicked on Local, and nothing happened.  He tried State and another screen opened.  On it, five buttons listed, By District, By Zone, By Candidate or Issue, By Party, and All Categories.  Jack selected “Candidate.”  Governor Morris was highlighted.  He took it and another screen came up.  The first box was marked Win, next to it was one marked Lose.  Mac was starting to get the picture.  Under that was a box that said Percentage.  Next to that was a box with the up and down arrow.  Inside it was the number 76.  Below that was a category for Pattern.
Random,   Registrants, or echo pattern.  Mac exhaled lightly, 
“Fuck.”  
“You getting something here?”  
“Jack, this is an election program, and this is a back door to manipulate the elections, apparently on a national scale.  This is what your friend Tom was into?”  
“Tim was his name, Tim.  Did you just say ‘Back Door?’”  
“Yeah, Why?”  
“Tim had mentioned a back door.”  
“Well the guy in here is Tom, Tom Scallin.”  
“Yeah, that’s my boy.  He’s the one I’ve been watching.”  
“Let me in there get outta there.”  
He was shoving Jack out of the chair.  Mac started typing frantically.  Screens were changing so fast they could hardly keep up with him.  The printer kicked on and started sucking in sheets of paper.  Lights on the computer began flashing.  Mac leaned over and put a blank DVD into one of the four drives he had.  Jack heard something on the roof.  
“Shit, someone’s here.”  
“It’s the satellite dish moving.”  
“You are one cranked up little nerd aren’t you?”  
“Doing you some good there, isn’t it?”  
“I’ll shut up and sit over here.”  
“What do you know about this card?”  
“Not much.”  
“You knew enough to swipe it forwards and backwards.”  
“I did?”  
“You didn’t?”  
“No, I just thought the first way didn’t work.”  
“How did Tim get it?  Did he use it?  How did they find Tim?”  
“They?”  
Mac stopped and turned around to look at him.  
“You think this is a one man show?”  
“Well I think he got it at Mr. Scallin’s office.  Then Tim went to Brooklyn, and Tom almost caught him there.  Then he did catch him at his brothers.  That’s where he was killed.”  
“Where did you find the card?”  
"In Tim’s house."  
"Near his brother’s house by any chance?”  
“Yeah, a common backyard.”  
“So he could have used it at his brothers then returned to his house?”  
“Yeah, I guess.”  
"Is his brother a ‘gadget freak’ too?”  
“A programmer, builds his own software, I think.”  
“Yeah, ya think huh?  You know what you just did?”
“No.”  
"You just brought this all down on my father and his company.  It’s all been traced right to here.”  
He was pointing at the computer.  
“What do we do?”  
“There should be a crowbar under the steps outside, go bash the siren to the alarm, and the window next to the door.”  
Mac went back to the safe and cleaned it out.  He started throwing things towards the door.  Boxes of files, rolodexes, folders and envelopes.  
“Jack swing the truck around here and start loading it.”  
He threw him the keys.  He went back to the computer.  Shit was flying left and right.  At some point he handed Jack the DVD in a case.  
“Do not lose that.”  
“Gotcha.”  
He threw it in one of the boxes.  
“No!  That’s everything we just got.  Put that under your heart.”
“Isn’t it over?”  
“Not in this case, your heart goes first.”  
“Oh.”  
They finally caught up with each other outside the door.  
"Okay, That’s it.”  Jack came around him to put a sign on the door.  Due to a family emergency Mackenzie trucking will be closed Tuesday 9/27 thru Monday 10/3.  The Mackenzies will be out of town.”  Then he reached down and came up with a crowbar that destroyed the alarm siren over the door.  Then he came down with it and broke the window of the door right by the handle.  It looked like an invitation to rob, and a robbery.  
“Can you reach your dad and the drivers?”  
“Yeah, I even got the account information to call around.”  
“Fly and hide.  And Mac, I’m sorry.  I never meant to.”  
“It’s okay Jack at least now I know why no one likes you.”  
“Cool, learning the hard way.”  
“Nah, the worst thing would be they burn it down.  We’re insured.”  “I’d rather it not come to that.”  
“Keep your head down buddy, and if you need me you call.”  
“Thanks Mac, /** you’re in too deep already.”  
“That’s what I mean.  Don’t get any one else involved, I’ll take it on.”  
“You’re as sick as me.”  
“Maybe just.”  
“Make those phone calls.”  
“On it.”
Jack went straight back to his shop.  He called Paul into the office with a sense of urgency and intent Paul had not seen before.  He thought he was in trouble for something.  He never imagined what was coming.  
“I want you to listen carefully, Paul.”  
“Sure boss.”  
“No bullshit this time, some heavy shit is coming down.  If anyone asks for me, I’m in fuckin’ Aruba, or one of those islands.  You don’t even know which one.  You don’t know when I left, you don’t know when I’ll be back.  Not even my mother.  Come to think of it, don’t ever speak to my mother again.  What the fuck was that shit anyway?  Never mind.”  
“Uh, okay boss.  Does this have anything to do with Donna or someone named Katie?”  
“This is a bit more involved than my love life.”  
“It’s just that they both called today, and Donna seemed really mad.”  
“Yeah, I’ll bet.  But that’s not even on the screen.  I can’t stress this enough.  No one, and I mean no one is to think I am anywhere but the islands.  Don’t even joke around.  Now get back to work and don’t bankrupt me.”  
Jack gave him a little smile that let him know he was okay.  Paul just rubbed his neck, shook his head and went back to work.  Jack grabbed both of his helmets the saddlebags and the CDs Manny had left for him.  He strapped and packed everything up, then went back for his camera.  As he passed Millers he thought he saw his car.  Nah, couldn’t be, he thought.



XVI

Linda was stepping onto the two thirty ferry from Manhattan when she saw it.  She nearly dropped her purse at first, but her New York instinct caught it.  She stepped out of traffic and walked right up to the poster.  A man was dangling by one hand from a string.  In the other hand were his wife and kids, his house and two cars.  It looked like a bank advertisement, but it was the three letters under the picture that caught her attention. “F.W.E.”  Under that it read, “Tired of hanging by a thread?  Take back the controls, join the Free World Elections.  Coming to registered voters soon.”  Next to that was a likeness of the card she had held in her very hand.  Below that were the associated agencies.  She took out a pen and wrote it all down.  Citizens for an Active Democracy, VFW, AFL-CIO, Lycent, SkyNet, Italian American Society, Ancient Order of Hibernians, Congressman Anton Jimnucci, Congressman Joe Carnecia, NY Times, NY Post, NY Daily News, The Wall Street Journal, ABC, NBC, CBS, CNN, the Staten Island Advance, and area cable companies.  Everyone had their fingers in this.  
“Isn’t it fantastic!”  
An older woman had seen her taking notes and decided that it would be okay to comment.  
“Yeah, fabulous lady.”  
Linda wanted to stab her with the pen.  
Jack rode over to the Narrows Bar.  The lunch crowd wasn’t in yet.  There was no lunch crowd.  There is no ‘working’ kitchen.  Anyone having lunch in here wasn’t going back to work, OTB maybe, but not work.  He went to take a table in the darkest corner, but someone was already sitting there.  The opposite corner was not as dark, but it would have to do.  Through the mirror behind the bar he saw something.  He looked back.  There it was, under the picture were those familiar letters.  F.W.E.  Free World Elections, for Jack’s interest it was too close to N.W.O., New World Order.  He stared at it for some time.  When he noticed the bartender looking at him, he ordered a pitcher for himself.  It was a ‘casual lunch,’ he just called it to the bartender.  Then he began to digest the facts.  He had found the ‘Back Door’ and that seemed to be the real issue.  He now knows Scallin made the program and where he works and lives.  He is pretty sure Scallin is Tim’s killer.  Now what?  Prove it, then hand it over like Tim asked.  Okay.  But he didn’t specifically ask that it be handed over.  In fact if he had wanted the authorities to handle it, he would have just left it all at Rogers disposal.  The bartender came over with the pitcher and a glass.  He took the ten off the table.  Jack waved him off with the change.  This is why he hangs out in old man’s bars, he’s cheap.  Tim gave it to Jack because he wanted it handled differently than the cops would have handled it.  But what does that mean, how did he want it handled.  “No blood on the tracks.”  He didn’t want anyone killed over this.  That seems pretty obvious.  But he wasn’t supposed to just expose Scallin and the back door, that’s what the cops would have done.  So it’s somewhere in the middle.  But what’s in the middle?  (Stuck in the middle with you.)  Revenge is out, total exposure is out.  Limited exposure?  You can’t show a little of a murder.  Maybe he wanted Jack to expose Scallin without exposing the back door?  But then the back door would still be there and, I’d have the card.  What would I do with it?  Make Millions.  Okay fair enough, but probably not what Tim had in mind.  Deutsche bag.  Lose the card?  Nah someone else out there might have one.  Who?  I don’t want to know.  What if it wasn’t ‘no blood,’ and it was just not “on the tracks?”  That’s a little more up my alley.  A little surgical strike?  Okay, I’m liking this.  He’d have to say that since he knows I am a napalm kind of guy.  This is making sense.  He refilled his glass.  Think like Tim, what would he want to survive?  Not Scallin, not the back door.  The system, he wants the system, just not the corruption!  Jack felt like he had just won the Tournament of Champions on Jeopardy.  He’s not a total cretin, he plays jeopardy.
Someone was letting the blinding daylight in.  Jack knew full well it would blind him, he looked anyway.   The door finally closed he waited for the orange haze to fade from his eyes.  He heard a chair move, near him.  There it is.  
“Linda!  Now why didn’t I see this coming?”  
“Shut up Jack.  What do you see coming?”  
He aped her “Shnut up yack.  Go get a glass.”  
“No no, no need to be a gentleman, I’ll get it myself.”  
“Gentlemen are people looking for something in return.”  
“Oh well thank God then, huh.”  
“Yeah, whatever.”  
He still sat there and let her go get her own glass.  The bartender was nice enough to slide it across the bar.  
“I gave you a clean glass ma’am.”  
She turned around a little shocked.  
“We know him.  He’s not worth it.”  
She filled her glass nearly to the top.  
“Ah, a nice clean glass.  Cheers Jack.”  
“That only means he spit-shined it ya’ know?”  
Again she snapped her head back at the bartender.  He was walking away, laughing.  
“Is it this place growing on you, or have you rubbed off on them?”  
“I would have to take some of the credit.”  
“It’s blame Jack, not credit.”  
“Depends on how you feel about it.”  
“You feel?”  
"Very good, now really, what are you doing here?  I know you didn’t know I was here.”  
“Of course I knew you were here.  You think you’re so slick.”  
He made an easel out of his forearms and rested his chin on his knuckles.  
“Okay, how did you know I was here?  You couldn’t see the bike, it’s behind the”  
“Plumbing supply store.  You leave a better trail than plutonium.”  
He hung his head under his hands.  
“Okay, that’s pretty bad.  Let’s hear it.”  
Your new ex-girlfriend has called all of your friends to find out what you’re up to.  She told me you were at the shop Tuesday night, with Manny.  She wanted to know who the Redhead at your house was.  Had to be Katie, so I expect you stayed in Tuesday night.  You were back by the shop this afternoon, and checked out indefinitely.  If I was you, and thank God I’m not, I’d stop for a good long drink before I went out on the road to points unknown.”  
“How did you know about the bike?”  
“Simple, I knew you were in hiding, so I looked opposite of where you usually park it.  There it was, just down the alley a little bit.”  
“How did you know I was at the shop?”  
“Paul.”  
“That rat bastard.”  
“Relax, I threatened him.”  
“Threatened him, with what?”  
“His phone number.”  
“Huh?  How did you get his phone number?  I mean, I presume he challenged you.  He had better have challenged you.”  
“When I do your taxes I backup all of the information.  I have all of your records Mr. Danning.  As far as Paul, I told him I knew all about what you were into, and if he didn’t tell me everything, I’d call his wife and tell her we were having an affair.  I’d even tell her the dog is mine.”  
“How do you know they didn’t have him since he was a pup?”  
“His Tag says Great Dane Rescue.  I’d have fried his ass.  And just from knowing you, he was pretty sure I’d do it.”  
“Whew, that’s a relief.”  
“How’s that?”  
“Not one thing you said could be done by anyone else.”  
“Thank you. I think.”  
“I mean it.  A private eye couldn’t have done that.  You are the only one who has that information.  So I’m safe, with the exception of you.”  
“Thank you again.”  
She batted her eyes at him.  He just laughed and finished his beer.  
“Put something on the jukebox.”  
“Why?”  
“So I can look at your ass while you do it.”  
He raised his glass to his lips.  
“Going off to war and all.”  
“You’re a pig.”  
“And the surprise is?”  
“Here look at this instead.”  
She handed him a newspaper and went up to the jukebox.  It was folded open to an ad for FWE.   He was not surprised.  He bent his eye without moving his head.  She still caught him.  
“Read Jack.”  
The ads were not very specific.  Just teasers made to create a buzz.  The most interesting thing was the list of endorsers.  Most of them Jack knew about.  The papers and cable TV were unexpected.  Apparently they had gotten a lot of people on board already.  Linda rejoined him at the table as 'Ready' by Creed came on the Jukebox.  
“Appropriate Linda, good call.”  
“Thank you, I thought so.  So what do you think?”  
She pointed at the paper.  
“That’s some list of sponsors, no?”  
“Yeah Linda, it is.  It’s pretty depressing too.”  
“You think they’re all in on it?”  
“Some yes, some no.”  
He was fighting the urge to tell her what he knew.  
“Overall, this is a pretty good idea, and something we sorely need.  But it’s fouled.  It’s corrupt.”  
She wasn’t nearly as far along.  
“So what exactly is it?”  
I called the paper and they said that for now it’s just a high tech polling device.  But he said that the congressmen have sworn that if the people “embrace it,” they will abide by the results.”  
“So effectively, this could allow everyone to vote on all of the issues?”  
“Local, State and Federal.”  
“The papers and Cable TV are dedicating themselves to making sure that the public is informed of the pros and cons in an unbiased manner.  I imagine the advertising is going to go through the roof."  
“What does it do for us?”  
“This is a one-man one-vote system, a true democracy.  Do you know how many Presidents were put in office without a majority of the popular, or people’s votes?  Too many.  How many $8000 screwdrivers would you have voted for?  This would be a historic moment for this country, for mankind.”  
“But?”  
“But?”  
“You’ve got but-face.”  
“Yeah, well, it’s rigged.  That card got me inside the program.  I could pick winners, losers, by how much, by what pattern, it was a paradise for corruption.”  
“So Tim wants you to fix the problem, without ruining the system.”  
“Fuck you, who invited you?”  
“What, what did I do?”  
“Nothing.  It just took me the better part of an hour to figure that out.”  
She laughed at him.  
“You sure you don’t want to take this over Linda?  You seem to have a better handle on it.”  
“No.  This is why Tim picked you.  He knew you’d get it, eventually.”  
She laughed again, she couldn’t help it.  
“Up yaws.”  
She put down her glass.  
“But now is where it turns into your game.  You know the target, now make it happen.  That’s why he picked you.  You’re gonna make it happen, and I don’t want to know how.  I’m just glad it’s not me.   You are the most vicious bastard I’ve ever met, and I know it’s going to rain Hell on someone.”  
“You’re too kind.”  
“No I’m not.  It’s the truth.”
The next step hit him immediately.  He tried to be casual.  
“Hey, do you mind if I take off, I got, something to do.”  
She held up her hands in front of her, showing her palms.  
“Go to it, I was never here, I Know nothing, and you won’t be seeing me till it’s over.”  
He bent over and kissed her cheek.  
“Thanks, you’ve been swell.”  
He took the ad with him.  
“Again, you gush.”  
“Yeah, whatever.”  
He grabbed his helmet off of the table next to them and headed out the door.



XVII

Straight Round The Bend

The sun hit him hard, again.  Even after he put his headphones and helmet on, the glare bothered him.  He went straight down Bay Street and parked at the auto parts store across the side street from the empty lot.  The lot was strewn with litter, bottles, cans, candy wrappers and newspapers.  There was enough foliage on the back end of the lot that he could stay there without detection.  On the other side of the trees was a steep decline that led directly into the Mackenzie Bros. Trucking yard.  He left one ear pod in. and one out so that he could hear what was going on around him.  He was certain someone would show up.  As he waited he began to look around his immediate area.  The tree next to the one he was leaning on had an old paper folded into its low branches.  He reached over and took it out.  It was not an old paper!  It was today’s.  Someone had been right here.  Were they watching Mac and him?  How stupid had he been?  He knew they had traced Tim.  What has he done to Mac?  He had to get in touch with him, to let him know.  Was he being watched now?  He looked over toward the street.  An older man, maybe fifty or sixty, was on the sidewalk.  He was looking right at Jack.  He had thick glasses and a plaid winter coat.  They used to call them CPO’s.  He stepped off of the sidewalk and into the lot.  Oh- My-God!  Jack was never so close to pissing himself.  He wasn’t afraid of dying, he was just so embarrassed about being so stupid.  Now more people were going to die because of it.  Jack got mad, real mad.
The old man just kept coming at him, never veering politely away.  His hands, and probably at least one gun, were in his coat pockets.  Jack popped the other earplug out without looking. He needed every bit of every one of his senses, right now.  The man just kept coming.  With every step Jack just kept getting madder.  If he were conscious of himself, he would have known he was as red as fire truck.  Still the man kept coming.  He got with in five feet and kept moving.  Jack questioned it for a second.  ‘Wouldn’t he stop and shoot me from there?  Three feet.  No.  It was going to be a nice close kill.  Eighteen inches.  Jack’s arm backed up like a cocked hammer.  
“I think you have my paper.”  
“What?”  
“The paper.  I believe that’s mine.  The guard in that building over there and I swap every day. I buy the Post and he buys the News, then we swap."  
He pulled a Post out of his jacket and wedged it into the branches where the News had been left.  Jack felt like all of his blood had just run out through his shoes.  He nearly collapsed.  He handed the old man the paper.  
“Sorry, I didn’t know.”   
“No harm done.  Say, are you okay sonny?”  
“Yeah, I just wasn’t expecting company.”  
“If you say so.  Strange place to go to be alone.”  
He turned and walked away wondering, but not wanting to know, what the strange kid was up to.  Jack wobbled over to the edge of the embankment and took a seat right in the dirt, out of sight from the street.  He had never taken a valium, but had a strange sense he could use one.
He thought about the radioactive trail he had left so far.  All of the people who knew more than they needed to.  All of the people who had seen him, the deckhands, the neighbors at Scallin’s house, the kid on 38th street.  The cameras, he must have been on twenty cameras if he was on one.  He stood up and took the paper out of the tree.  He thumbed through it, not really reading any of it for about fifteen minutes.  Then it happened, the black BMW pulled into the Mackenzie’s lot.  Tom Scallin got out, walked up the steps to the door, read the note, and peered in the broken window.  He got back in his car and kicked up a cloud of dust on his way out.
Jack knew what he was looking at.  Tom Scallin would be the first man he would actually have to kill.  It seemed odd to him, foreign.  For all of the times you say that you’re “Going to kill” someone, you never realize the implications of actually killing someone.  The far reaching ripples.  The kid who may grow up warped because his dad was murdered when he was three.  Not to mention the children who will never be born that might have cured cancer.  The wife and what she will go through.  The friends and families, the co-workers who, for good or bad, were going to be effected.  
"Oh well Tom, should have thought about that before you killed a smart little shit like Tim.  You never know just who he might know there Tom.  You, dick."
Jack walked to his bike.  He was reasonably sure he knew where Tom was heading.  He was certain he’d be able to catch up to him.  No suspense here, he caught right up to him.  Exactly the same drill.  Goethals Bridge to the Turnpike, to the Lincoln Tunnel, Weehawken and the Hotel.  Jack took out his camera to get a few shots of the happy couple.  Blondie pulled into the lot, and in ten minutes they were both inside the hotel.  Jack kept to himself this visit.  He drew circles of visibility around the hotel by noting where the cameras were, and at what angle.  It helped to pass the time.
Jack knew where Scallin was going, he got curious about Blondie.  He might be able to use her, so he had better learn more about her.  Since she came in last and left first, he would have to make sure that Scallin didn’t see him following her.  He remembered that from his dumpster-view, he had seen Scallin go by but not Blondie.  He moved around past the driveway that they used.  The road continued along past the driveway, no turn offs except for two piers and the corporate parking lot.  He was reasonably sure she wouldn’t be going to any of them.  He pulled over past the second pier entrance, off camera.  He could see all the way down to the hotel parking lot and would see her getting into her car.  When she approached he could look like he had been adjusting something on the bike, and finish it just as she went past.  Ten minutes later she was driving by him.  He let a few cars get in front of him, then followed.  The road went through a couple of new waterfront developments, townhouses and such.  Then it went through the downtown area of what looked to be a pretty wealthy town.  The palisades rose quickly.  You almost didn’t notice them at first.  The blue cavalier cut a left up a steep hill.  By the time Jack made the turn he could just see her taillights turn into a driveway up ahead on the right.  He went past the driveway but slowed down enough to get good look.  There was a steep decline, and a guard shack was about ten feet in, by the telephone pole.  The spots were marked in yellow paint.  Some of the parking spots were under the building, others were exposed.  One poor slob was on the border of the two.  It was covered in bird crap.  I mean covered!  I hope he didn’t have to pay for that spot.  Probably belonged to the guard.  Sure, make the employees park there.  Why not put the guard shack there?  Okay too long of a look.  He pulled further up the road and pulled into a little side street on the left and parked.
The apartments probably went condo a few years back.  It looked pretty expensive.  You probably paid most of the mortgage for the view alone.  Even the parking lot had a view.  Half of it at least.  Jack was a little surprised to see the low-tech security.  A single guard in the lot, and no doorman.  A camera in the lobby no doubt, but what about the parking lot.  I wouldn’t trust my car to some $10. per hour guard.  As he reached the lobby he bent an eye inward to try and place the camera and get the layout of the lobby.  Two sets of double doors, the second set looked like it had the remote opener system.  That was good news.  The camera, if there is one, is probably in the intercom panel, also good news.  He kept walking, developing his story as he went.  He got to the gate and walked fast and directly for the guard.  He was maybe seventeen or eighteen.  
“Sir are you a resident?”  
“No, I am not.”  
Still walking right at him.  
“I’m afraid you’ll.”  
“I’ll have to nothing.  Are you the stupid son of a bitch who wouldn’t let my son get his ball this morning?”  
Jack got so close that he blocked 180 degrees of the kid’s view.  
“No sir, I just came on duty an hour ago.”  
“Well my kid tells me that his ball rolled in here and the guard wouldn’t let him get it.  You better tell that stupid fuck, that if I ever have to come down here again, to get my kids ball, I’m gonna rip his fuckin’ balls right off, and he won’t ever find ‘em.  Got me?”  
The kid couldn’t even speak.  He just nodded with his mouth hanging open.  
“Now I’m going to go get my kid’s ball, any problem with that?”  More nodding.  
“Good.”  
Jack had already checked for cameras while he was yelling at the kid.  There were none to be found.  He spotted the Cavalier.  It was on the high side of the lot.  He couldn’t go up to it looking for a ball.  He did anyway. He stopped two cars before it and bent down to the ground.  He looked off to his right peering under the cars on the low side.  No balls in sight.  He did have to actually turn up a ball after getting in the boys face.  The parking spaces were not number coded as would be done now.  The apartment numbers were on them.  The Cavalier was ‘14-C.’  Jack continued looking for the ball.  The guard was coming towards him.  
“Is this it?”  
“It had better be.”  
Jack snatched it out of his hand.  
“Nothing against you kid, but make sure you tell the other guy.”  
“I already logged it sir.”  
D’oh!  Not again Jack.  You really have to get better than this.  
“Is that in ink?”  
“Excuse me?”  
“Do you use pen or pencil?”  
We use pen sir.  Why?”  
"I used to be a guard.  I don’t want someone getting in trouble because my kid was playing where he probably shouldn’t.”  
“So you don’t want it logged?”  
“Too late now.”  
“Actually sir, what I meant to say was that I was all ready to log it.  So if you’d rather I didn’t?”  
“Done.  He stepped back to shake the kids’ hand, 
“Sorry for the trouble.”  
“Thank you sir.”  
Jack went around and got the name off of the mailboxes.  “Laurie Thompson.”  The camera was next to the intercom as expected.  He kept his back to it.



Crucified

Jack bought himself dinner at a local Italian restaurant.  Okay, Mr. Wysnewski bought him dinner.  Jack thought back to the waitress at the Road House.  He’d have to get back there when this was over.  He took a seat at a table near the bar so he could watch the news.  Free World Elections led off.  A field reporter was interviewing Congressman Jimnucci.  He began by noting that this was a watershed moment for the people of this city, state and country.  He explained that the system was in a market test phase right now.  It should be fully operational by January, but that it would undergo continual security testing and upgrades.  He said that registered voters would be getting their cards and readers in the coming weeks.  When asked if this would replace conventional election polls the Congressman paused for a split second.  “For the time being they are scheduled to be used for polling purposes only.  I personally would love to see them replace the Stone Age equipment we use.  I would love to see them taken even further.  I would like to be able to use the results as a tool for my votes in Congress.”  “But congressman, couldn’t that eventually make you obsolete?”  He paused as if he had never considered the idea.  “I suppose it could.  But would that be such a bad thing?  Kind of an extreme term limitation.”  He went on about how thrilled he was to finally afford his constituents a real voice.  Blah blah blah. 
The story after that was about a murder in Staten Island.  It was the second time in a week that a drug related murder had been made to look like a suicide.  “A suspect was in custody.”  Jack knew that wasn’t good.  Someone on the board was moving.  They were moving fast and smart.  They also had some serious juice.  People don’t get killed on the word of a guy from SkyNet, or a even Congressman’s for that matter.  The good news was that they were not moving towards him.
The next story was the progress, or lack of it that was being made in the Middle East.  Jacks meal came.  He asked for another beer and pretended to be riveted to the news.  The next story was also from Staten Island.  There had been a fire on the North Shore waterfront.  One man had been killed.  He was the owner of a small trucking company called Mackenzie Bros. located on Edgewater Street. The waitress came with Jack’s beer.  He felt sick realizing that he had heard that right.  He wanted to throw himself on the floor and have a tantrum like a two-year-old.  He kept it together.  Then he got mad.  He sat through the meal, not really tasting it.  He finished the beer, and when the waitress came he told her to get him the check at the bar.  When he got there he ordered his juice, Jack Daniel’s and Ginger Ale.  Not the strongest stuff around, but you could get a good buzz to last a long time.  Besides, anything was good with Jack.  He paid the bill in cash and tipped both the waitress and the bartender, modestly.


He left the earphones out for this trip.  He had some answers he needed to come up with, now.  Who could do this kind of work, this quickly, and as much as he hated to admit it, this well.  Only two possibilities came to him.  The CIA and the Mafia.  The CIA could be into the whole election conspiracy.  But they would have gotten Jack by now.  The Mafia seemed the more likely choice.  Jimnucci, and Joseph Carnecia, the Italian American League, not to mention the amount of money it must have taken to get this off of the ground.  Controlling the US Government would be a profitable little industry.  This was the pizza makers all right.
As he got off of the Turnpike for the Goethals Bridge he noticed a car dealership billboard.  It was one of those ‘Insane” type of ads.  The guy in the picture had a huge purple top hat and was saying that, “At Monaghan Mercury we’re as Mad as Hatters.”  He looked like Tom Petty in the Alice in Wonderland video.  What was the story with that?  That the hat makers had started going mad because of the contact with mercury.  They used it somehow to get the felt into shape.  
“I’ve got mercury poisoning, it’s fatal and it don’t get better.”  
A thin vapor trail was beginning to form in Jack’s mind.  Jack felt he just might have his answer.  At least he had one of them, there was still the matter of where to spend the night.
He figured a no-tell motel would do.  There were a few by the highway, he picked the worst of the bunch.  Most likely the worst kept place won’t have too much security, and if they have cameras, most likely they are broken.  He parked his bike away from the lights and walked up the edge of the building, staying in the shadows right until he walked in the door.  He brought his gaze around the room before he looked at the counter.  There was a camera mounted to the wall, but the little red light was off.  In fact, it looked like one of the fake cameras anyway.  Boy, Jack was cheap, but if he sprang for a fake camera, at least he’d make sure it ran.  As he turned to the counter he almost fell over.  
“Jeeeezis H. Cripes.”  
(His mother really had tried to teach him not to swear.)  
“Hi Jack!”  
“What the hell are you doing here?”  
“My boyfriends dad owns the place.  I’m just going over the books for them.”  
“At eight O’clock at night?”  
"I still have a day job, unlike some of us.”  
“The next time I see you I’m shooting you, you got it.  Now give me a room.”  
“I suppose you don’t want to fill out any information.”  
“The usual, Mr. and Mrs. Smith, cash, you know the drill.”  
“I’ll just copy it from the stack here.”  
“And Linda, you’re not a witch, are you?”  
“Just a kitchen witch baby.”  He wasn’t sure what that meant, but it sounded harmless.  He grabbed the key, and his bags and left shaking his head.  The room was pretty much what he expected, except for the bugs.  He yearned for a can of bug fogger.  He left the bathroom light on hoping it would attract them.  It worked except for the roaches.  They preferred the dark.  Jack could hear them moving around.  Someone said that they were remarkable survivors and that they would probably be the only thing to survive a nuclear Holocaust.  Well, them, and Keith Richards.  Jack always found that to be a humorous mental picture.  Roaches climbing around a pile of rubble, and Keith Richards looking for a Marlboro cigarette.  The liquor was doing its job.



XVIII

Priveledge

Jack woke up scared.  Not from anything to do with the FWE, it was the bugs.  Bad enough he had dreamt about them all night, but upon waking he realized some of it might not have been a dream. He got up, showered and dressed quickly.  It’s not easy to shower without touching anything.  He put his dirty clothes in a plastic shopping bag and stuffed it into his duffel.  
The first stop was a nice big breakfast at a pancake house.  After that he stopped at an electronics store.  He was going to do some good for the economy.  Super Buy was the latest greatest chain, so that’s where he went.  This place had cameras everywhere.  But every electronics store did.  Heck they sold the stuff.  Jack headed right for the laptops.  A kid in a red Super Buy shirt was on him like bird shit on a black car.  Jack stopped him before he got started.  
“Let’s keep this simple.”  
Jack stopped himself.  He remembered the kid in the city, Dan.  He had given him a card.  Where in hell did he put it?  He started slapping his pockets.  Pants, no, jacket, no,  sleeve?  That’s right.  He opened the zipper and pulled out a mangled card.  
“Here call this guy.  Tell him that I want to do, what he was doing the other day.  And get it straight because I want you to make it work, here.”  
“Okay, is this your…”  
“No one, I met him the other day on the street.”  
Jack said it like it was the most normal thing.  The sales-kid came back with a cordless headset on.  Jack thought this was obnoxious because aside from being silly looking, he couldn’t very well hand it to Jack if he needed to.  They started the tech talk.  Jack knew some of it, but it seemed there were always new words.  
“Do you want a CD burner with that?”  
“Yeah, and a DVD player, but not burner.  I want all of that Hi-Wi-Fi shit too.”  
The kid rolled his eyes a little.  Jack could give a shit.  Jack forgot himself for a second.  
“Lemme talk to him.”  
He reached out for a handset, and realized it was a headset, for the second time.  The kid hit a button on his belt module and said, “Go ahead.”  
Jack just looked at him.  
“It’s on speakerphone. Sir.”  
“I'm not gonna speak into your crotch!”  
The kid hit another button and popped the unit off of his belt.  It was just like a cell phone.  Cool.  
“Show off.”  
Jack looked at the kid as if he had just bested him at something.  The kid started looking for other customers to get away from this guy.  After he made the commission of course.  Jack was promising Dan that he would really be in touch.  He wanted to be.  He seemed like a pretty good kid.  As kids go anyway.  He hung up the phone and handed it back to the sales-kid.  “I’m going to need a few other things.”  
The kid was all ears.  
"I need an extra battery, a car charger.  Will it run on that alone, or does it need a battery?”  
“Alone.”  
“How is your insurance?  I am on a bike, so the drop factor is high.”  
“Anything for any reason for two years, will be replaced at any store.”  
“I bet that’s a number I don’t want to hear.”  
“$15.00 per month”  
“I can live with that.”  
“In advance.”  
“That’s… ( 24 x 15… 240 + 120..) Three hundred sixty dollars!”  
The kid barely looked up.  He spun the display on the register around.  Jack spun it right back around without looking.  
“Do you have stereo installation?”  
The kid just raised his eyebrows.  
“Yes.”  
"I need a lighter installed so I can use the car charger.”  
“Of course.”  
He kept typing.  When he stopped he reached up to move the display again.  “May I?”  
“Yeah, let’s have it.”  
Jack knew they were going to be big, but not this big.  
“Five thousand seven hundred?  Is that right?”  
“You got a lot of buttons and whistles sir.”  
“Yeah, I’ll say.  Let’s trim that down some.  Forget the car stuff, all of it.”  
“Okay, that’s five thousand.”  
“The DVD and CD burner, out, just a CD-ROM.  A smaller screen is fine, do you have any in clearance?”  
The kid stopped typing and looked up at him.  
“Perhaps just a plain notebook is more in your range.”  
“I’ve heard of them.  Where are they?”  
“Next door at Staples next to the writing pads and tablets.”  
“Oh, I get it.  That’s pretty good.  What’s your name?  Just kidding, I wouldn’t report you.  In fact here.”  
He handed the kid a twenty.  
“That’s for taking up your time.  I appreciate it.  I’ll be back with my money.  This isn’t mine.”  
He showed the kid the wad of cash knowing he was dreaming of instant commissions.  He turned and walked out while he was still mid-dream.  “Guess I’m going to the college.”  
Music back on, helmet too.  Off to the local college.  
Jack had gone there a few years back.  Just for a few business classes.  So at least he knew the layout.  It seemed that everywhere he went lately was new.  He couldn’t use the computers because he would have to log on.  He probably could have gotten someone to let him use their machine, but he wanted to be invisible.  He went for the old text version encyclopedia.  Amazing, books still worked, and for free too.  He wasn’t there for a report, so he didn’t need to take notes.  He just wanted the information.  ‘Mercury: A heavy metal that can accumulate in the environment and is highly toxic if breathed or swallowed.’  Okay, sounds good.  How about Mercury poisoning?”  ‘The "mad hatters" of the 19th century suffered from mercury poisoning which caused personality changes, nervousness, trembling, and even dementia. The hatters were exposed to mercury in the felting process, where mercury was rubbed onto cloth to preserve it.’  It went on to talk about how it attacks different parts of the body.  Skin rashes, itchiness, raw throat and nasal cavity, eventually it works down and you get stabbing stomach pains.  Apparently, in doses up to two to three grams it begins to take some of the intestines and bowels with it.  
“There’s a nasty trip to the shitter.  I guess there may be a little blood on the tracks after all.”  
He kept looking for the psychological damage, the “madness.”  He got it.  Paranoia, delusions, hysteria, pretty much everything he needed.  He left the library smiling, almost giddy.  The text also told him where to get it. 
He needed a blood pressure machine. A Sphygmomanometer, they called it.  Jack was pretty sure he was going to blow that pronunciation.
In fact he was certain of it.  He cooked up a story on the way to the Hospital supply store.  It had been on Victory Blvd. for years; so many other stores had moved or just closed.  Jack was surprised that it was even in his consciousness.  For some reason he had remembered it.  He turned off of Victory into the little lot.  He looked through the aisles of shelves first, but most of the boxes were blank, or text only labels.  He looked up at the counter hoping for one of those young innocents behind it.  No such luck.  It was a guy in his forties, wearing a white lab coat like he was a doctor or something.  As if that would impress anyone.  Just be a human being, that was impressive enough.  
“Can I help you?”  
“I guess.  My wife just called me.  It’s her first day on the job over at Seaview, and she’s already breaking things.  She’s nervous.  Anyway she broke a sfigma something, and a blood pressure machine.”  
“A Sphygmomanometer, is a blood pressure machine.  I think that’s what she wants.”    
He worked his way out from behind the counter.  
“Do you know if it’s mercurial?”  
“She said it almost spilled something.”  
“But it didn’t?”  
“No she said that would have been a disaster.  I thought she was exaggerating.”  
He took a midsized box off of the bottom shelf.  
“No, she wasn’t.  Mercury is highly toxic.”  
“Oh, I’m a welder, what do I know?”  
He worked his way back to the register.  
“Now you know.  That’ll be $154.11 please.”  
“Oh right.”  Jack fumbled with the cash.  
“Here ya go.”  
“Here’s your change sir.”  
“Thank you.  Hey, do you have like, a membership or subscription plan?  I have a feeling.”  
“She’ll be just fine sir.  Have a good day.”  
“You too.  Thanks again.” 
He was out, clean. Was that the first clean operation he had?  He walked over to a pay phone and called his mother.  He knew she wasn’t home, and planned on leaving a message.  “Hi Mom.  I just wanted to let you know I am okay.  No problems at all.  You can take my laundry inside though, I am not going to make it back there any time soon.  Thanks, love ya.”  He had no idea that that message would worry her even more.  He read the documentation for the machine as he finished his cigarette.  It contained over 100grams of mercury.  He didn’t want to be seen hanging around here, it may as well be a gun shop when it comes to putting pieces together.  He packed it up and headed out.
He began to wonder how he could make it work.  He thought about rubbing it into Toms’ car seat, but he wasn’t sure that he wouldn’t get the fuzzy side of that lollipop.  Mercury vapor seemed to be the most productive.  It penetrated into the body’s’ system further and faster.  Not that he didn’t have enough to drown Scallin in it.  Yeah, vapor was the way to go.  He had seen in the encyclopedia that the boiling point for mercury was three hundred fifty something.  The average car only reached about one hundred eighty.  Where else could he get it to heat up?  The article mentioned that it could be in the fuel emissions of a car.  The coolant was one eighty, the emissions, the exhaust, that was hotter.  But how hot?  Jack had been on one of Millers boats and noticed an exhaust temperature gauge.  He didn’t think it had the convenient ‘red zone,’ but the middle of the gauge was seven fifty.  That would do.  It couldn’t be too much different for a car.  Besides the harbor water cooled the boats.  Cars re-circulated their coolant.  And that, had nothing to do with their exhaust temperature, moron.  Oh yeah, right.



XIX

You Know Me

So he’d heat it up on the exhaust and feed it into the car.  But how to do that, without being obvious?  He turned down a side street, and doubled back.  He pulled into a gas station.  It was packed with cars.  He hung his helmet on the handlebar and went into the office.  
“Hey Ritchie.”  
“What the fuck do you want?”  
“Just to make sure you’re still the same sweetheart.”  
Ritchie looked over at the lady he was helping.  
“Like this guy?  I don’t see him for a fuckin’ year at a time.  He only shows up when he needs something.”  
Yes, he cursed like that in front of customers, even the ladies.  He was an equal opportunity offender.  He was also about the best mechanic on the island.  That’s why Jack was here, more research.  
“At least I don’t curse in front of the customers.”  
He reached over Ritchie’s head and grabbed a BMW manual.  Ritchie grabbed about two inches of Jacks’ gut in a pair of pliers.  
“Owwww!  I’m gonna drop this book on your head.”  
Ritchie let go, but twisted the pliers as he did.  
“Owwww.”  
“Serves you right, ya little bastard.”  
“Let’s not get into little bastards you and I huh?”  
Jack towered over him.  Jack put out his hand.  He had to initiate the peace talks, Ritchie never would.  He took his hand.  
“Good to see you.”  
“Good to see you Ritchie.”  
“What’s up?  I know you ain’t driving no Beemer.”  
“Nah my friends got trouble with his heater, and winter’s coming.”  
“Which one?”  
“The 760Li, late model”  
“Fuck him, he can afford to pay a mechanic to fix it, send him in.”  
“I owe him.  He got me a big account.  I told him I could do this.”  
“A big account huh?  Then you pay for the mechanic.  We’re trying to earn a living here.”  
“Okay Ritchie, you’re right.  Thanks anyway.”  
He took a step toward the door.  
“It’s the equalizer valve.”  
“The what?”  
Ritchie grabbed the book, it was about a foot thick and Jack didn’t want to have to search the whole book.  This was working out nicely so far.  He stopped at a diagram.  
“Right there, the equalizer valve.  It balances the flow in the heater core.  They buy them from Ford.  They’re pieces of shit.  It’s the equalizer valve.  And you, are going to bust the shit out of your hands getting to it.  Good luck ya fuckin’ tree ya.  Now I have work to do.”  
“Thanks Ritchie.”  
Man if that wasn’t a gift, curse and poke fun at people and then have them thank you.  He was some kind of, something.  Jack stayed and looked over the diagram.  As appropriate as the “equalizer” valve sounded, it would not fit this application.  He needed it to get to the heating fan so that it could blow it right into Tom’s face.  He hoped it wouldn’t be as difficult as what Ritchie was talking about.  He had to get it to the suction or intake side of the fan.  The blowing end would just send it back down the tube.  The intakes were usually hidden under the dash somewhere.  From the look of the diagram the blower motor was on the outside of the firewall.  The squirrel cage was inside under the dash. He could vent into the system between the heater core and the fan.  He had about four inches between the two, even he could hit that mark.  The only question was how hard would it be to get through the firewall?  The diagram noted a few overlapping diagrams from other systems.  He flipped to the corresponding pages and sifted through the information.  It seemed that the alarm system ran through the firewall right on target, inside the duct, on the intake side.  That meant a soft patch.  He was in.  He mentally high fived himself.  He went to see Ritchie before he left.  He was under a Buick.  
“Thanks again Ritchie.”  
“Yeah yeah.  Get me a big account would ya?”  
“Stop cursing at the customers and I will.”  
“Oh well.”  
Jack figured as much.  
“Oh well.  Hey Ritchie, how hot does an exhaust get?”  
“I don’t know, why don’t you put your tongue on one and let me know how it works out.”  
Jack left laughing and shaking his head.  
“About six hundred degrees.”  
Jack turned around.  
“Fahrenheit or Celsius?”  
A wrench came flying out from under the car 
“Get the fuck outta here!”  
Jack picked up the pace a little.  He beeped his horn as he left the lot.
He passed by Millers Launch to make sure the radar stand was back on the mast of the Karen Miller.  Gary had said that was a priority.  He had a contract out in the Sound and he had to have it back by Thursday.  As Jack came down the driveway to Millers he saw the same car he had seen before.  His car was neither common nor rare.  But to see one just like his, on one of his customers’ property, that was odd.  Odder still was finding out it was his.  He slowed to a stop as he got up to it.  Sure enough, it was his.  He didn’t see his keys, and the ignition was intact.  He saw Gary across the Yard.  
“Hey Jack, come to get your car?”  
They closed the gap between them.  
“Nah, I just came to make sure that radar mount got done.”  
“Yeah, right, you never check up on your customers.”  
“I usually don’t have to.  But since Paul is running the shop for now, I have to check.”  
Nice save, he thought to himself.  
“Okay, in that case, it’s fine.  Paul even picked up my guy so I didn’t have to.  Good man.”  
“Yeah, Still I have to be certain.”  
“Of course you do.  Hey, why are you out of service anyway, taking a local vacation?”    
He meant, was Jack drinking?  He was barely legal when they met and Jack was drinking, a lot.  
“No.  A friend passed.  I’m helping the family.”  
“Oh.  Sorry about the vacation comment.”  
“No sweat, it’s not like you don’t have reason to ask.”  
Gary couldn’t get off of the subject fast enough.  
“So when are you getting that piece of shit out of here.  I need the space.”  
“Yeah, about that, do you know how it got here.  It’s not where I left it.”  
“Again, the vacation thing is a negative, right?”  
“No, I mean, yes, I mean.”  
“Easy killer, I’m just messing with you.  Linda dropped it off a couple of days ago.  Nice girl, you two ah?”  
“No.  How the hell does she?”  
“Don’t swear about her.”  
Jack almost gagged.  
“Oh heaven’s no!  Not about Linda.  No-no heaven forbid.  Jack, he’s a piece of shit, but that Linda.”  
“Little tense aren’t we?”  
“This girl has been shadowing me for the last three days, now she’s moving my property.  What’s next?  Is she going to start telling me where to go?”  
“That reminds me.”  
“Don’t say it!”  
“She said she’d leave the keys with some guy, David.”  
“Mu-ther-fucker!”  
“Maybe you need a local vacation Jack.”  
It wasn’t a question.  
“You see what she just did?  Now I have to go there.  I just said that was next.  And there you went.  You did it for her.  She didn’t even have to be here.”  
“Hey Jack.”  
“Yeah?”  
Gary slapped him on the back.  
“Good seeing you.  Come back when you’re back to work.  Take it easy.”  
“Yeah.  Thanks Gary.”  
He always said thanks, even for bad things.  
“I’m sorry.  It’s the.”  
“I know.  See ya soon.”  
He was already ten steps away.  Jack got back on his bike.  He wondered what was at David’s that Linda wanted him to know.  
“She doesn’t even know David,” he muttered into his helmet.
David was one of Jack’s more unusual friends.  Colorful, yes, but not for that reason.  David was a priest.  He was the Pastor at a small Episcopal Church right next to the park where Jack had hung out as a teenager.  That wasn’t how they met however.  Jack had accepted an invitation to a wedding as the date of one of the bridesmaids.  She was with the bridal party most of the time, taking pictures and all that.  Jack was at a table full of people he didn’t know and didn’t really care to.  This old guy next to him leans over and starts talking to him.  But he was cool.  The two of them spent the entire evening getting shit-faced and picking apart everyone in the place.  Somewhere towards the end of the night Jack heard someone call him Reverend.  Jack just had to laugh.  
“He thinks you’re a Reverend.”  
“I am , I did the service.”  
David let out a howling laugh, mainly because only he and Jack knew what they had been up to all night.  Jack was shocked.  He didn’t know what to think.  
“Well don’t hold it against me Jack.  This was the most fun I’ve had in years.”  
Jack was still stupefied.  
“You know where my church is, right?  Come see me sometime.”  
“Yeah, Yeah,” was all Jack could get out.
Jack pulled up in front of the Church.  It felt very exposed.  There was no curb, no sidewalk, just street and grass.  He walked up the hill towards the rectory.  By the time he got to the door David was there.  
“Hello Jack.  How are you.”  
“Fine Dave, How are you?”  
“Good good, come on in.”  
“I am in a bit of a.”  
“Come on in.  You have a few minutes for me.  Oh, before I forget, here are your keys.”  
“Thanks.”  
“That Linda sure is a nice girl.”  
“Don’t even think about it.”  
“Perish the thought.  Although opposites do attract.”  
"What’s that supposed to mean?”  
"Nothing, just that she’s a nice girl.”  
"And I’m?”  
"Your own person Jack, that’s what everybody loves about you.”  
"Nice save.”  
“Yeah, I didn’t think that one was coming out of the fire.”  
They both enjoyed that one.  
“So, any idea why Linda left my keys here?”  
“I might rabbit, I might.  She mentioned something about Rocky Balboa getting blessed before his fights.  She thought you might need such a blessing.  Care to let me in on it?”  
“Not really.”  
“Jack!”  
“Sorry Dave, but this might not be something we want to bring the Lord into.  Know what I mean?”  
“Thankfully not.  But I think something that sounds Godless, is exactly what he needs to be brought into.  That’s what it’s all about.”  
“I’m in no mood to argue.  But make it for me, not the act, okay.”  
David raised his hand and Jack bowed his head.  
“And shepherds we shall be, for thee my Lord for thee, power hath descended forth from thy hand and our feet may carry out they command so we shall flow a river forth unto thee, and teeming with souls shall it ever be. In nomine Patri, et Fili, et Spiritus Sancti.”  
Both of them spoke together.  
“Amen.”  
“Where did you learn that one?  That wasn’t in Rocky.”  
“No, it came from another movie.”  
Jack knew the movie, it was Boondock Saints, and they were no saints.  
“Uh huh.”  
David smiled as he walked Jack to the door.  
“Well the lord does move.”  
“In mysterious ways.  I know.”  
Jack left with more questions than answers.



XX

He wasn’t far from his mothers’ house, so he thought he’d stop in.  She must be worrying about his call for the laundry when his car was already gone.  As he came down the hill he saw her car.  He began to laugh, realizing how ridiculous this was getting.  He took off his helmet as he walked to the front door.  He was still trying to think of something clever to say as he opened the door.  
“It’s about time you got here.”  
She wins.  
“Sorry I was held up.  I am not even going to ask why you’re here.”  
She knew that meant he was wondering.  So she refused to respond.  She just left it hanging there.  
“Well it’s good to see you dear.  Are you hungry?”  
“Yeah Mom, as a matter of fact I am.”  
“Ooo, I just gave Linda the last of the stew.”  
“You made stew?  And you gave it to her?”  
“Careful Jack.”  
“You stay out of this you stew stealing, stew stealer you.”  
“I can make you a grill cheese, would you like that?”  
“Anything’s fine Ma.  Thank you.”  
“So what’s up?  Or are you just amusing yourself at this point?”  
Linda pulled her purse off of the chair next to her.  She came out with one of those bubble wrap envelopes.  “Victoria’s Secret?  Grrrrr.”  Mrs. Danning reached over from the stove and swatted him with a spatula.  
“You leave her alone.  She’s too good for the likes of you.”  
“Ma, I’m you’re Son, your own flesh and blood.  Nobody’s supposed to be too good for me.”
“Get real Joey, you’re my son, but I like her.”
“As opposed too me.  Is that it?”
“You said it.”
“Ma!”
“Here eat your dinner.”
“Left-over Mac and Cheese!  The dog eats the leftover Mac and Cheese.”
“Not when you’re around.  Eat.”
“That’s it, I’m trading you in.”
“Good, get me a girl this time, boys are too much trouble.  Maybe Linda’s Mom will take you.”
“You bet she would.  She loves me.  Right Linda?”
“Leave me out of this, she just made me a great stew.”
“I should have had dinner at David’s’.
“You saw David?  How is he?  He’s such a nice man.”
“He’s a priest Ma, he has to be nice.  And even he said you’re pushing it.”
“He did not.  See how he lies to his own mother?”
Linda was trying to restrain herself.  Jack just waved her off as useless.  He turned and went down the hall to the bathroom.
When he came out his Mother had left.  
“What happened?”  
“She said she had to get something from the store.”  
“So what’s in the bag?”  
She picked the envelope off of the table.  He began inhaling the grilled cheese sandwiches.  The envelope had the letters FWE in the corner where the return address goes.  She pulled out an FWE card, a swipe to attach to the phone or computer, and a stack of paperwork.  Jack knew about the card and swipe, so he went for the manuals.  The Welcome package started out with an introduction to the system and the sponsor groups.  It was hailed as an ambitious undertaking by the various civic groups.  It would enable the common citizen to have a greater voice than had ever been possible before.  It would enrich the relationship between the public and the government.  No longer could our elected representatives ignore the wishes of the public while bending over backwards to please large corporations, special interests, and campaign donors.  It then went into each sponsors contribution and interest in the system.  They wanted the entire system to be transparent, a business term that meant all company practices and actions were exposed and open to the public.  Then it went into how the user enters and operates within the system.  There were a lot of security measures in place.  To register you had to call from your home phone.  If you attempt to register from any other phone the card would be considered stolen, and the account would be cancelled.  Since many people only have cell phones now, you could use your home computer and your IP address would be anchored to your account.  You had to contact them before you registered through your computer.  If you had neither a home phone, nor a computer you could still call them collect to register.  No one would be left behind.  When you register, you need to give your Social Security number, as well as a PAN number.  Your Personal Access Number can be any combination of numbers and letters and can be as few as four and as many as eight characters.  Then like with a credit card, you give your mothers maiden name.
Once you are registered you can vote from any phone or computer.  The swipe card had the service number encoded in it so that it speed dialed for you, and it had account numbers embedded in it as well.  That information could all be entered manually.  They had taken just about every possible instance into consideration.  
“Did my mom get one of these?”  
“I don’t know.   I didn’t discuss this with her.”  
“I’d like to try this.”  
“Use mine.”  
“You didn’t read it I guess.  It has to be started from your own home.”  
“I did read it, and I can do it from here if I call in.”  
"Yeah well, I don’t think I want to raise any flags over our names, especially at my mothers’ house.”  
She hadn’t mentions Macs’ Dad, so he assumed she didn’t know.  
“Listen, I got to get to some things, is it alright if I get going?”  
“Sure, your mom went out for an Entenmanns cake, I’ll wait.”  
“Thanks, Tell her I’ll be okay.  She worries.”  
“No sweat, but do be careful.”  
“The whammy, thanks a lot.”  
“Oh stop.”  
“Yeah yeah, easy for you to say.”  
He rubbed her head like you would a child’s.  He headed for the door, and called back over his shoulder.  
“Keep an eye out.”  
“Yeah yeah.”



XXI

It was dark already, but not late enough.  He headed for The Narrows.  He went over the hill, fewer lights, but lots of leaves.  Wet leaves were worse than oil on the road.  He had taken a spill once because of them.  As they say, ‘once bitten twice shy.’  He went cautiously into that dark night.  He parked the bike up the side street.  He was pretty sure that he wasn’t being followed, but took the precaution just to maintain the frame of mind.  He walked past the side door and went around to the front.  As he walked in he saw Jim the bartender look at him, then look across the room.  It was Mac.  Jack was not prepared for this.  Mac was rolling his glass from hand to hand, sliding it like a hockey puck.  Jack looked back at Jim and mouthed 
‘Jack-n-Ginger’ to him.  Jim went to work.  Jack walked bravely into the lions den.  
“Hey Mac.  I’m sorry about your Dad man.”  
“Save it.”  
This was going to be a quick conversation and it was going to be Macs’.  
“What are you going to do about it?”  
Jack was going to placate him, whatever he wants.  
“Whatever you want me to do.  Name it.”  
That annoyed Mac, but what wouldn’t.  
“Listen you fucking asshole; I can’t touch anyone even if I knew who did it.  I am too close.  It’d be too obvious.  I’m leaving for Texas in the morning.  I want your word that this will be fixed.  I couldn’t do it any slower or more painful than burning a man to death.  You have two weeks.  If it ain’t fixed.  I’m coming back for you."  
He slid an envelope across the table.  It was a ticket for Newark airport from Houston.  It was dated for two weeks from now.  Mac picked it back up and walked out without another word.  Jim had a girl bring Jacks’ drink to him.  By the time he got it Mac was already out the door.  
“Here’s your drink.”  
“Oh, you didn’t have to do that.”  
“Yeah, I did.  If I wanted my drink, I had to get this to you.”  
It was too much information for Jack.  He immediately began to think, ‘Go away.’  
“Okay, Thank you.”  ‘And nice jeans.’  
“Would you mind if I joined you.”  
The old Jack thought about it.  The new Jack took over.  
“Listen, no offense, but I’m a little, okay very, not in the mood for company right now.”  
“Okay, sorry to offend.”  
“No offense, like I said it’s not you.”  
She just kept walking away.  Jack brewed for a while.  He was angry about the pain falling around him.  He was angry at the senselessness of it.  He was angry that it was all for money and power.  He was very angry and the Jack Daniel’s wasn’t soothing any of it.  He thought about playing pool, he thought about throwing back some shots, then he thought abut leaving.  That sounded like the best option.  He asked Jim for a thermos.  That was code.  After he had taken care of the people at the bar, Jim went into the kitchen.  A minute or two later he emerged with two large Styrofoam cups with lids on them.  It looked like two large coffees.  It was two large Jack and Gingers.  He handed them to Jack and he headed for the front door.  He noticed someone leaving out the side door at the same time.  When he turned the corner onto the side street he nearly collided with her.  Jack protected the two drinks he was carrying.  They both backed up a bit.  It was the girl who brought him his drink.  He was still considering what she was up to when she took command.  
“Where are you going?”  
He didn’t like the odds of her being this attracted to him.  He especially didn’t like the odds against her tailing him.  He had been pretty stupid so far, but not this stupid.  ‘Okay stupid; assume it’s one of them.’  
“To church, I just found out a friend passed.”  
That should stop her no matter what her purpose.  
“Was that your friend in the bar?”  
“Yeah, that was him, looks pretty good for being twelve hours dead doesn’t he?”  
“I’m sorry.  I didn’t mean that.  I was just wondering if you knew where he was going.  He’s pretty cute and he left before I got to your table.” 
“Tough break, I’ll say a novena for your love life.”  
He stepped aside to get around her.  She caught back up with him so he reached out and grabbed the side door to the bar.  He opened it as if he was doing her a favor.  
“G’night.”  
“Thanks.”  



Outside

She walked back into the bar dejected.  Jack counted her as among the lucky.  He left the bike where it was, but took the mercury with him.  Driving with the two Styrofoam cups would be a hack anyway.  If anyone was watching him, they were going to have to do it on foot.  He would walk all the way to the shop.  It was about a ten minute walk for him.  It would be fifteen for any other human.  He had long legs and walked with purpose, even if there was none.  He wondered if Buster was still there.  He wondered if anyone was watching his shop.  He had already grown accustomed to this mind frame, he hoped he would be able to stop it someday.  He determined that that day was very far away.  He walked through the train station and jumped across the tracks.  He jumped over the railing to the stairs and hid underneath for about five minutes.  He still managed not to spill the drinks.  He considered the cups and the mercury and wondered if the bike wouldn’t have been better.  It seemed as if no one had caught up with him, yet.  He walked the rest of the way feeling better.  As he got within sight of his shop and waited there for several minutes too.  Again there was no activity.  He sipped from one of the cups.  He felt good about being paranoid before he had to be.  It’s much better than being paranoid too late.
Everything looked normal at the lot.  No extra cars, nothing out of place.  As he entered his driveway a car started up behind him.  Jack turned around and the headlights came on and flashed across his face.  ‘Swell.  Note to me, when staking out, stake out the neighbors too.’  The car went into gear and pulled toward him.  Jack just shook his head at himself.  Oh well, nice try.  I wonder if Tim can kick my ass in heaven.  Except that’s not where I’m going.  Oh no!  What if Tim’s Heaven is kicking my ass and my Hell is Tim kicking my ass for all of eternity?  That would work.  The car pulls up right next to him, in the driveway.  
“You okay Jack.  Gary said you were a little wigged out.”  
It was Pete, the evening dispatcher from Millers.  
“You scared the shit outta me.  What were you doing sitting there all that time?”  
“Doing’ a doobie for the ride man.  Want some?”  
“No, no thanks.  I’m already pretty wigged out man.”  
Jack twisted it into his Cheech and Chong voice.  Pete wasn’t sure if he was being insulted but decided to cut it short.  
“Alright man, I gotta get going, the old lady is waiting.”  
“Have a good night Pete.”  
Pete began backing out of the driveway.  
“You too man.”  
Jack turned back toward the garage.  He hadn’t heard Buster during the whole exchange in the driveway.  He assumed he was not there.  He rested the cups on an empty fifty five gallon drum.  When he opened the door he heard something move inside.  Buster let out a little woof.  Like, “I’m here, whose there?”  
“Buster.”  
Jack was always happy to see a dog.  Buster was exceptionally cool.  Very laid back but still very intimidating.  Buster struggled to get up, but did it dutifully.  Besides he loved Jack scratch.  Jack did the ears, the forehead, under the chin, and the butt.  Oooo, the butt scratch, no dog could refuse it.  Just before the tail, with the nails, oooo.  Once he was satisfied he returned to his bed and watched as Jack made his way around the shop.  
Jack put the cups and the bag on the workbench and turned on the stereo.  Manny had left in one of Jacks’ cassettes.  He went over to the junk pile and began shifting things around.  He went over to an old snow blower with his toolbox.  He folded the push bars out of his way and checked to make sure that the carburetor had a coil spring choke on it.  He set to removing the whole carburetor and assembly.  He was careful not to damage the gaskets.  Next he sorted through his pile of piping.  He pulled out a small piece of steel pipe, it was maybe a foot long.  The noise seemed to be disturbing Buster.  
“Sorry boy.”  
Then he took the pipe to a bin and found an end cap for it.  They were placed on the workbench next to the bag with the blood pressure sphagmo thingy.  He dug out a coil of quarter inch copper tubing.  It had to be strong enough to hold its’ roundness, but thin enough to be manipulated into shape.  He pulled a piece of stainless steel plating off of the top of an old toilet mechanism.  He pulled up a stool and began sizing up the parts.  ‘This would fit, that wouldn’t, He could adapt that to fit, this had to go.’ 
“I’m going to need a compression fitting here.”  
He lit a cigarette and began shuffling through the pile again.  He began to sing absentmindedly, 
“I’ve got Mercury Poisoning, it’s fatal and it don’t get better.”  
Take this, toss that.  Back to the bench.  The cigarettes and the first drink came and went.  There was soldering, sweating, hammering and welding.  Buster got no rest that night.  Finally, it was finished.  It looked like a low tech light saber, or a high tech toilet valve stem.  It was actually right in the middle.  He took it outside to test it.  There was nothing to test it on.  Macs’ truck was gone, Manny’s car wasn’t there, and both Jacks’ car and his bike were elsewhere.  He went back into the shop and got his keys.  The car was closest so he went to Millers.  Gary would be glad to get the car out of there.  When he got it to the shop he left the car running.  He noticed his laundry was in the back seat.  He opened the side bay, towards the harbor.  The sun would be rising over Brooklyn soon.  Jack still appreciated the little things in life.  He figured he had better; sometimes they’re all you have.  He wasn’t ready to put on the coffee yet, but he did throw the last of the Jack and Ginger over the side.  He gave the car time to warm up, once again forgetting that exhaust temperature had nothing to do with coolant temperature.  When he climbed under the car, he remembered it.  The exhaust was boiling hot.  Getting the two hose clamps around the hot pipe was an exercise so ridiculous looking he almost hoped someone was watching.  Eventually he got them on and strapped on the contraption.  He would be using more clamps on the Beemer, it had to survive being on the road.  He just lay there while the heat was absorbed by the metal saber thingy.  Slowly the little arm to the butterfly valve moved.  He calibrated it so that it only opened at the high end if the heat cycle.  Little by little it would allow the vapor to feed through the tube.  Success!  He went back in the shop and disassembled the sphagmo thing and took a few drops out to the car.  He went back underneath the car.  He let a drop of the mercury fall onto the device.  It disappeared in a tiny little cloud.  
“Perfect.  Bye Bye Tommy.”  
He shut off the car and let it cool down.  He sat on the twelve by twelve used as a barricade at the waters’ edge, just letting the sun come over him.  Buster walked over sat with him.  
“Hey Budd.  You like sunrises too?  How about Pina Coladas and long walks on the beach?”  
Buster turned his head toward Jack and just stared at him.  
“Yeah, okay, so I’m weird.”



XXII

Touch

Jack packed the device and some asbestos wrapping into a bag and headed out of the shop.  He walked to his bike in ten minutes.  Anyone who saw him now would just think he was someone heading out early for work.  He drove over to Jersey, by the airport.  There was a string of hotels there, used mostly by businessmen and stranded travelers.  There were so many people in and out of here that they would never remember him.  He went to the nicest one he could find.  They had a pool in the lobby.  Now that was weird.  He thought about going in anyway.  He got his room and paid cash in advance.  Naturally there was an extra charge for the early check in, like they had to throw someone on the curb to get him a room.  He had another huge breakfast.  When he got to his room he took a long hot shower and watched TV wearing only a hotel towel.  He slept well.  He was surprised the airplane traffic had not kept him up.  He thought again about the pool.  It was three p.m.  He took another shower and got dressed.  He went down to the bar. He was really going to see who was in the pool and if he could buy a pair of trunks, but he’d get a drink to justify being there.  He struggled between a mimosa and a Bloody Mary, but finally went with the Bloody Mary.  The mimosas had worked before, but that was after a wedding when he had been drinking champagne, he doubted it worked on Jack Daniel’s.  He also wanted to eat, and the mimosa would not help that.
He apologized to the girl tending bar.  
“I know it’s kind of early.”  
“Well sir, at the airport there really is no time zone.  We get people in here from every time zone in the world, so this isn’t very unusual.”  
Jill was a little chatty, but he guessed that was better than stuck up.  
“Do they have a gift shop in here?”  
“Yes, right past the dining room, over there.”  
“Any chance they sell something I can swim in?”  
“Is that for our pool?”  
“Well, yeah.  Shouldn’t I?”  
She curled her nose and briefly shook her head no.  
“Okay, enough said.”  
“Does your room have a hot tub?”  
“No, I didn’t know they were available.”  
“Oh yes, and they’re quite nice, two person Jacuzzis.”  
Then she leaned over and whispered to him.  
“They clean those all of the time.  Not like the pool.”  
That was not what he thought he was going to hear.  
“Oh.  Okay.”  
“Do you want me to call and see if they have one available?”  
“No thanks.  There’s something pathetic about being alone in a two person Jacuzzi.  Like riding a bicycle built for two, by yourself.”  
She giggled a little at that.  
“Oh I assumed your wife was with you.”  
He looked at his hand to see if someone had snuck a ring on his finger.  
“I’m not married.  At least to my knowledge.”  
“Oh then you’ll be needing some company.”  
She turned around and called the front desk and got his room switched.  Jack smiled broadly.  That was the easiest pickup he ever had.  In fact he wasn’t really sure he could claim that one as his.  Even better, he’d get fresh stationary and new soap and shampoos.  Oh, like you don’t do that too.  Stop it now.  A bellhop showed up with his new key.  There were two and Jill helped herself to one of them.  
“I’m off at five.”  
"I think I better go rest up.”  
“You’d better.”  
This was sounding good.  He was feeling a lot better about the girl last night who was interested in Mac, not him.  It was petty, especially in light of recent events, but to thine own self be true, right.  This may be the best day he killed yet.  Around eight p.m. Jack told her he had to go.  
“Are you coming back?”  
“No.  I have to check out, but I’ll be back sooner or later.  That is if you want me to.”  
“Oh, anytime would be just fine.”  
She collected herself kissed him on the cheek and moved on.  He did pretty much the same. 
When he got to his bike he stacked everything for easy access.  It was after nine, pretty cool out, and he had a good ride in front of him.  Colts Neck was about thirty five minutes away.  He took his time getting there but he didn’t have to.  Colts Neck was an affluent town.  All business were within a four block area, and the residences were spaced so far apart that Bruce Springsteen could live there without detection.  In fact he did.  Jack pulled into his new home in the evergreens and waited.  As the lights went out all around him he removed his device from the bag.  He took the end cap off, and poured in the mercury.  He reattached the cap and fiddled with the hose clamps until he had them how he wanted them.  He ran the entire sequence through his head.  Attach it with the hose clamps.  Locate the blower fan motor and the alarm wires.  Penetrate the firewall with the tubing at the soft patch.  Car exhaust heats up, mercury boils, and the butterfly valve opens.  
“Pffft Hi Tommy!”  
His only concern was that the car would be moving, when he tested it, Jack’s car wasn’t moving.  He decided to wrap the entire device.  He was going to leave the coil exposed so that the wrap wouldn’t interfere with it.  Not now.  He’d have to wrap it carefully, but he was certain that to not wrap it, would cause failure.  He waited till all of the lights were out, and then he headed across the street and down the hedge line.  He managed to avoid the spaniels attention and got right to the BMW.  He was under there less than three minutes.  Research pays.  It was still too fast for him.  He had to double check everything.  He put an extra hose clamp on the feeder tube.  When he got up from under the car he used a pair of pliers to snap Tom’s cell phone antenna.  He was pushing his bike down the road seven minutes later.  It wasn’t broken, he just didn’t want it heard anywhere near Scallin’s’ house.
Unfortunately he had been up all night and slept most of the day.  He had some time to kill.  He decided to go back to the Island.  Swinging into a McBurgers lot, he ditched the leftover paraphernalia in a dumpster.  

We Once Held Hands

He figured he’d drop in on Katie and maybe even up the score.  He went past her mothers’ house and didn’t see her car.  As he was leaving, a white Lexus with those blinding Halogen lights went passed him towards Katie’s house.  It had the dance club music pounding out the windows, and the blue guido lights.  Across the top of the windshield were the words “NO FEAR.”  Jacks’ stomach did a roll.  He went down the next block, across the ball field from Katie’s.  From there he watched as Katie got out of the car and headed into the house.  He just shook his head.  Would he never learn?  He let out the clutch and headed for Forest Avenue.  The drunks over there were hardcore.  They stayed out all night, and went for breakfast after the bars closed.  He figured a couple of frames of pool would get him adopted by someone.  He wasn’t disappointed.  It was during his third frame of pool that he saw the jeans enter his frame of vision.  It was Katie, things were looking up.  By five am Saturday he was at home and passed out.  He got up by noon, for him that was good progress.  He checked the bills in the mail and paid them off.  He had some ‘Tom watching’ to do this afternoon.



XXIII

He picked up a paper on his way.  He caught up with Tom in Colts’ Neck, and followed him, surprisingly to the SkyNet building.  He left just before four.  Tom was heading out for his usual meeting with Laurie.  
“Even on Saturdays huh Tom?”  
He had a handkerchief in his chest pocket today.  That was a good sign.  The device under his car had already opened once today.  It was on the way in to work.  It had opened before Tom had hit the highway, and stayed open the whole trip.  This afternoon it opened before the Lincoln Tunnel entrance.  By the end of the day over ten grams had made it out the feeder tube.  Some had gathered inside the vent, condensing as soon as it hit the cooler air.  But some hadn’t.  Jack stayed closer than usual hoping to see some symptoms surface.  He got it.  Tom was coughing and hacking all of the way through the tunnel.  Jack wondered if Tom would have to cancel his appointment with Laurie.  Apparently he hadn’t done so yet.  They turned off at the Weehawken Hoboken Exit.  The hotel lot was crowded.  It looked like a corporate meeting or something.  Tom had to park a little further away from the building than usual.  Laurie got a spot someone had just left.  Jack sat back and read his paper.
It seems that the Free World Elections were quite the topic.  Three of the papers were running a sample election that was also posted on the system.  It was both a test and an example for all parties involved.  The papers would run the specifics on an issue.  In this case it was re-paving the West Side Highway, and all of the North South running Avenues.  They would point out the pros and cons, and even have their writers, conservatives and liberals, debate it in the papers.  In three days people knew more about the paving and bidding process than they ever thought they would.  To some it was more than they wanted to know.  That was an admitted problem.  People don’t have time to be experts on every issue.  Some people enjoyed having someone else taking care of these things for them.  That was the topic of one of the first articles.  Who has time for this?  The bottom line became ‘wait and see.’  Let’s get through the sample and see what the reaction is.  Jack was curious.  Another article, by Mike McKafferty, pointed to the Cable companies as their new allies.  They were both now being asked to educate the masses and provide a base of information for the average voter.  This guy mentioned that potential for corruption in their business was now higher than in politics.  He wanted to establish a standard for checks and balances.  Perhaps a judicial panel could evaluate the reporting and question any claims, to prove or disprove, their validity.  He claimed that he had a roomful of hackers trying to get into the system for the last week without any success.  Jack liked this guy.  Right away McKafferty wanted to ensure the system worked and was secure.  The media was going to make a ton of money on this.  The papers listed places where for the next three weeks you could go and have an assistant register you and help you through the process.  Jack figured the seniors would make sure they regretted that.  They’d be at the malls, Grand Central and Penn Station, at Pier 11 by Wall Street, and at a hundred other locations.  They even had a team of assistants going around to the senior homes.  
“They certainly covered their bases.”
Laurie, and then Tom, came out a little prematurely.  Jack liked that.  He followed him back to Colt’s neck.  Tonight he stopped at the pharmacy.  Jack decided to follow him in.  Jack went right for the pharmacist counter, and worked his way back toward the cough medicine slowly.  Sure enough, Tom was pouring over several different bottles.  Sore throat medicines, post nasal drip, flu, he couldn’t decide.  He finally took the bottle of NyQuick.  Jack took that to mean that Tom would need the help of a professional to get the right medicine.  He followed Tom home, and then he found a motel out on Rte. 35.  The cash Mr. Wysnewski gave him had been about his best tool so far.  He showered and settled in to watch some TV.  The New York stations were reporting that the suspect in the ‘suicide murders’ was not held after questioning.  He was released earlier today and was shot down earlier tonight.  Roger!  They had a reporter outside his house and she was going on.  
“For the second time in a week, tragedy has struck this neighborhood.  Two brothers whose homes were back to back were sadly unable to cover each others back.  In fact tonight’s’ shooting victim, who lived in this house behind me, was a suspect in the murder of his own brother.  That murder took place right in his garage.  The cops were unable to confirm any allegations and turned him loose earlier this afternoon.  Now tragically he has been struck down as well.”  
“Struck down, shooting victim, shot down.  Is he dead or not bitch!”  
Jack didn’t like yelling at the TV, not even for the Jets.  They cut to another reporter in front of a hospital.  
“Yes, Mike, that’s true.  It seems that the victim, Roger Wysnewski, is going to make it.  He is in stable but guarded condition.”  
“Thank you.”  
Jack left his bags, but grabbed his jacket and helmet.



XIV

Jumping backyard fences always reminded Jack of his high school years.  Plenty of that went on.  He went past their block slowly, to check for PD or anyone else.  It looked okay.  He had parked on the block behind the Wysnewskis’ house.  He estimated which house was back to back with theirs, but wound up going diagonally across one yard anyway.  He knew their yard by the rusty old shed and Rogers old bike under the canvas next to it.  He knocked on the back door which alone would probably give them heart failure.  He stepped back so he didn’t have his face right in theirs.  Mrs. Wysnewski recognized him.  She walked away.  Jack wasn’t sure what to make of that.  Mr. Wysnewski returned and opened the door but left the little security chain on.  
“Stan, we have to talk.”  
“I think we’ve said all that’s needed.”  
“No, you haven’t heard anything.”  
“Your friend Jim was here today and pretty much set us straight.”  
“He doesn’t know anything either.  You have to listen to me.”  
“No Mr. Danning, I don’t.  Goodnight.”  
Wrong.  Jack leaned back and kicked the door with everything he had.  Fortunately Stan had seen it coming and stepped away.  Jack walked in as if he had been let in.  He grabbed a beer from the fridge.  
“Come sit down before I slap ya.”  Both of the Wysnewskies followed him to the living room.  The Advance was on the coffee table with the political page opened.  
“That’s just great.  That’s why your son died.”  
All of the headlines were about the F.W.E.  
“This had nothing to do with drugs and nothing to do with Roger.”  
They took each other’s hands, and waited patiently.  
“In fact it looks like Tim brought this onto Roger.”  
Mrs. Wysnewski was the first to speak up.  
“How can you know this when no one else does?”  
“Tim left me a message.  Somewhere in his last hours, and just so you know this, he knew they were his last hours, he left me a message where he knew I’d find it.  That night at the wake, I already had the note and a very good clue.”  
“Then why didn’t you stop it.  My God Joseph, you had every opportunity!”  
“Not yet.  I had to get all of the answers first, then give my own reply.  That’s been done and all of the cards are in play now.  I am fulfilling your sons’ last request of me.  Pain in the ass that he was.  And just so that you know this too, Roger was his next option.  If I hadn’t found my clue, we would have a very different picture.  Tim was pretty clear about what he wanted done.  That took time, a day too long for Roger I know but, hey!  He knew about a lot of this, didn’t he say anything to you?”  
They covered for him.  
“No, he wouldn’t.  But he did seem pretty confident that things would be okay.”  
Stan finally spoke up.  
“Then my sons, they both, I can be, they’re.”  
“Yes Stan.  They were together to the end, and you can absolutely be proud of them both.”   
He kept his palm on Jacks shoulder but his head just fell.  He was crying.  He couldn’t live with hating his sons, either of them.  Then he raised his head, tears burning on his cheeks.  He tilted his head just a little and finally let it out.  
“How much money’s left?” 
“Stan!”  
“I’m just asking.”  
Jack smiled.  
“You have been talking to Roger.  Okay, you got me.”  
He was glad they kept some perspective on things. That may be all they have left. But that was still pretty weird. 
“Plenty.  But I’m not done yet.”  
Stan stopped smiling.  
"A few more chips have to fall, that shouldn’t be more than a few days at most.  You will have a public confession and all of the real reasons for all of this.  Frankly Stan, you got off cheap.”  
“I know, I know.”  
“Alright, I just wanted to make sure Roger and you two were okay.”
“That was nice of you, pay no mind to Stan.  He knows you are working hard.”  
“I know.  Besides the deal was I get to keep the leftovers.  Bye Stan.”
Jack suspected there had been a conversation with Roger and his parents.  There had been no harm, and if that was the case they were pretty good at keeping it quiet.  He headed for the back door.  
“Oh, sorry about the door.”  
He didn’t wait for a response.  He got over the fences as quickly as possible and checked for traffic.  All clear.  He walked quickly from the side of the house.  He considered how lucky he had been not to run into a dog, or for that matter a dog walker.  He got within ten steps of it when he realized it.  His helmet was gone.  Had some punk kid noticed it wasn’t locked?  He looked all around, hoping it was just thrown out on someone’s lawn.  He looked back the other way and saw a figure walk out into the street light.  He was carrying a helmet in his right hand.  This couldn’t be good.  Jack approached him anyway.  As they closed in on each other he realized it was Jim.  
“Oh man, you nearly gave me a heart attack.”  
“The night’s young.”  
“Oh, so this isn’t going to be a friendly little chat?”  
“Fraid not.”  
“Okay, but it’s late, I’d like to get home.”  
“You don’t have a home anymore.  I’ve been watching.”  
“Good then there shouldn’t be too many questions then.”  
“I want to know what’s going on.  Now you can tell me here, or you can tell the police department at the precinct.  Here, I’ll even make it easy for you.”  
Jack decided listening would do the least harm at this point.  
“I know you have been up to something ever since the wake.  Since you had spent so much time with them, and since Stan made such a big withdrawal that day.  I figured that you’ve been working for them.  Now I expected to be tripping over you during the investigation but you have been no where in sight.  So I check the shop, and no one’s seen you.  Now you ain’t tan, so the Islands are out.  What’s up?”
“I can’t tell you.”
“Now Jack, I didn’t come out here to hear that.  You are going to tell me.  You see, I am going to make detective on this, and you are not going to ruin it for me.  I am sorry that it’s on Tim’s case, believe me, I am.  But nonetheless, it has to happen, here, and now.”
“I sympathize with the promotion thing, I really do.  But you are an officer, and I cannot tell you what you want to know.”
“Do you see a uniform do you see a badge?”  
“If I told you, I bet I would, right quick.”  
Jim got in Jacks’ face.  
“I can’t be any clearer.  You will not make a fool of me.  I will have your story right now.”  
Jack heard a gun getting cocked.  Jims’ hand was inside his coat.  
"What are you gonna shoot me.  Is that what you did with Roger?”  
“Don’t be a dick Jack.  We are still the good guys.  Just tell me.”  “Gimme something.  You want pay?”  
“No.  I have information that could get me killed or worse, you want it, I want something on you.”
“Oh.  The only problem is I don’t have anything like that in my past.”  
Jim was practically pleading.  He had no idea what Jack had been up to.  He just thought it could help his case.  
“Jack.  On my life I swear I will not let anything come back to you.  Just show me where to look.”  
“It ain’t like that.”  
He took out a smoke and lit it.  
“It’s pretty much over I just have to have a little talk with our boy and it all comes out.”  
Jack thought about Tom shitting his intestines out.  It made him smile.  
“The guy is from Jersey.  Tim stumbled on his story and wound up tearing it open.  The guy was dirty, and he knew Tim was onto him.  He’s the guy who killed Tim.”  
Jim was thoroughly confused.  
“Who’s he, the guy, what the hell did Tim, where the fuck did you come up with this?”  
“Tim left me a note, and a clue.  All I did was sniff around a little.”  
“All you did was withhold evidence.”  
“We didn’t know it was evidence yet, and you’re not letting this come back to me, right?  Don’t worry, I’ll figure a way to get in on the kill.”  
“Kill?”  
“Poor choice of words.  I’ll get you in on the bust.”  
“And keep me out of the kill?”  
“Kill, what kill?  You see, I told you I can’t tell you, but do you listen, Nooo.”  
“Shut up Jack.  How can we do this?”  
“I’m thinking.  Look, this guy is going to have an attack on his conscience and suddenly want to confess.  His story is not going to be perfect, but it will fit.  I need the investigation to end with his confession.  You can’t go sniffing around for loose ends.  I’ll send the package to you, you just have to take it at face value.  Can you do that?”  
“Well these loose ends, they’re not going to be glaring gaping holes are they?  Cause I’m not sure I could cover that.”  
“It’ll be as tight as I can get it.  If you see a hole you can fill, help yourself.”  
Jim handed him his card.  
“My cell is on the back.  Any idea when this should all be happening?”  
“I think tomorrow night.  I have to check on the progress.  In the meantime, find out all you can about this Free World Elections thing.”  
“That’s what this is about?”  
“It’s involved.  Get to know the players.  Start tracking the money.”  
“Done.” 
“But try to stay under the radar of the Feds.  I am pretty sure they are picking at that pile too.”  
“Okay”  
Jim handed him the helmet back.
“Okay.  Hey Jim, I’m just thinking about this, and the next time I see you; you’ll be famous, and I’ll be infamous.  Not a bad week.”  
Jack got back on the bike, and headed for the hotel.



XXV

Make No Plans

Tom Scallin did not go to Church Sunday morning.  Jack had expected he might be bedridden.  Jack passed the house at about eight thirty and the Beemer was still in the carport.  Jack went and had another trucker sized breakfast.  Around eleven Tom kissed his wife’s cheek for the last time.  He was headed out to the Drs.’ office.  It would be one O’clock before he got to see the Doctor.  Since it was Sunday he didn’t get to see his regular doctor.  He could have laid across the seats in the waiting room.  Everyone was giving him a wide berth.  He was as white as a sheet and sweating profusely.  He didn’t think anyone noticed his uncontrollable gas.  They couldn’t miss it.  He was delusional.  Hannity and Colmes had melted right in the studio, right on TV and no one had done anything to help them.  Tom was afraid to be in public, he knew that what he was seeing wasn’t real, but it was hard to argue with your eyes, even harder to argue with your own mind.  The doctor looked strangely like Gene Wilder.  The examination room had all sorts of old equipment.  Was that a Jacobs’ Ladder in the corner?  He took Toms’ temperature and blood pressure.  He kept mumbling to himself.  Tom grew even more uneasy.  Dr. Caracas could not recall anything that fit all of these symptoms, but was reasonably sure it was serious.  He considered that someone might have slipped Tom something.  It wasn’t that uncommon.  He took a blood sample and would send it off to the laboratory.  He didn’t think he would get enough of a sample before Tom started to flip out.  He told Tom to take it easy.  He prescribed a cough syrup with a mild sedative.  
“I recommend that you take it easy until I hear from the lab.  Is that okay?”  
Tom was really trying to keep it together.  
“Hehe Okay doc.  Hmphhh.”  
He gave Tom the prescription.  He didn’t tell Tom, but he was going to warn the pharmacist of his condition.  Jack got to the pharmacy before Tom.  He got himself a strawberry shortcake ice cream.  He was eating it outside when Tom got there.  He looked right in Toms’ eyes.  The whites were already yellowing.  The mercury was advancing rapidly, maybe too rapidly.  Tom wouldn’t look back at him.  Who knew what he was seeing.  He should be having nearly full-blown hallucinations by now.  Jack knew it was time to move.
Tom didn’t go home.  He drove north.  Jack figured he was heading for the hotel.  He was mistaken.  It was three o’clock by the time he got there.  Apparently Tom owned a boat.  There was a marina right near the hotel in Weehawken, and Jack thought he still might be half-right.  It was only a few minutes before the Cavalier pulled up.  Tom threw off the lines as soon as she got on board.  It was almost full dark when they came in.  Jack was still waiting.  He had taken the device off of Toms BMW and disposed of it in a dumpster in town.  Laurie got off immediately after docking.  Apparently they were trying to keep a low profile with the neighbors.  Tom had no idea how transparent he was.  Jack acted quickly.  He had a very small window to get through.  He paced his steps so that he would get to the marina gate just as Laurie was leaving.  He saw that there was a swipe card lock on the gate.  As he reached it he pulled out a Grocery store club card and pretended he was going for the swipe.  Laurie of course opened the gate before he needed to.  Since he clearly had a card, she wasn’t concerned.  She was crying.  Jack still had to get to the boat before Tom got off.
Tom was just finishing up in the toilet when he felt the boat rock.  It wasn’t that unusual, the ferries in the area usually beat the crap out of you.  But it was just once.  The boats would send wave after wave.  Toms’ stomach was already doing turnovers, despite the package of intestinal debris that he had just deposited.  He couldn’t stop sweating, and the hallucinations were getting stronger and more intense.  As he exited the head, he was met by an eye.  It was just one eye and it was peering out behind this huge fist.  Fade to black.
About twenty minutes later he awoke and there was a man on his computer.  When he heard Tom stirring he turned to him.  Tom thought he looked familiar.  He was certain his time was up.  
“Are you one of Don Scarlucci’s’ men?”  
“Who?”  
“Don Scarlucci.  Are you going to kill me?”  
“A little late for that don’t you think?”  
Tom looked puzzled.  
“You don’t really think that’s the flu do you?”  
Tom grabbed his throat.  
“But, who are you?”  
“That’s not really important is it?”  
Tom wasn’t sure.  
"You have some work to do before you go."  
Jack got up from the computer.  
“You want to die with a clear conscience don’t you?”  
Tom was relatively sure he was past redemption.  Jack helped put him in the chair.  
“This is how it is.”  
He began itemizing on his fingertips.  
“You will confess to my friend Tims’ murder.  You will expose the backdoor to the system and make sure that no one ever uses it again.  You will make restitution for the damage you have caused.  That’s pretty simple, right?”  
“Tom laughed.  Why would I do any of that?”  
“Because if you don’t I will go back and kill every one you ever knew.  Laurie, your wife, children, your parents and anyone else I can find.  Just like I found you.  I will make sure the women suffer grotesquely.” 
“That’s a pretty good reason.”  
“You know that I have already killed you.  So you know that I will have no problem with a few more.  Start typing.”  
“What do I do first?”  
“Kill that back door.  But it has to be provable, we need to prove that it’s gone.”  
“That’s not possible.”  
“Make it happen.”  
“But the program is on the card.  It’s an applet that formats the equations into a manipulative form.  It’s all on that card.”  
“Then it can be duplicated.”  
“No. It’s progressive.  Every time you use it, the code is randomly altered.”  
“So what are the probability factors here?”  
“First they would have to know it was there, then they would have to know the format.  Even if they stumbled through that, they would have to know that the program runs outside of the system.  That was the beauty of it.  It couldn’t be traced because it wasn’t inside.”  
“How many people knew about this?”  
“No one.  The Don is the only other person who even knows it exists.  I’m pretty sure he is oblivious to the technology.”  
Tom was smiling at that understatement.  
“Can you plant something inside the system?  Something that functions yet can be eliminated?”  
“Sure, I can do that.”  
“That’s what I wanted to hear, Ken-do Kenny”  
Tom began typing.  It was less than a minute before he turned around.  
“Where is the c,c-card?”  
“It was destroyed in a fire.  (He lied.)  Maybe you know the place, Mackenzie Trucking.”  
“Oh, yes.”  
“Don’t you worry, we’ll be getting to that.”  
Tom got back to business.  
“Okay, it’s in there.”
“Open your bank accounts.”  
“Oh.”  
“Your wife and children will do just fine on your life insurance."  
That made the fact that he would never see his children again very real.  He began to sob.  He fought it, but it couldn’t be stopped.  
“Do you have to?”  
“Did you have to kill my friend?”  
“But my kids, I.”  
“Spare me, Tim will never have children.”  
“You’ll never get away with this.”  
“Oh I think I will.”  
“They’ll trace this money.  There will be an investigation.”  
“I am pretty sure that I know who will be doing that too.  Get going. In fact that reminds me.”  
Jack fished a card out of his pocket.  I have some calls to make.  Tom wasn’t sure what that meant.  
“Make with the money.”  
“I don’t have access to a lot of it.”  
“How painful would you like your last hours to be?”  
“Typing boss.”  
Tom actually did it in a perfect Luis Armstrong voice.  Jack had to laugh.  Tom continued in the voice maniacally.  
“Business accounts or Personal accounts Boss?”  
“Let’s see them.”  
Tom had an IRA worth over a million dollars.  He had two college accounts that were over fifty thousand each.  His vacation account had twenty five thousand.  
“I’ll take that one.”  
“I’ll need and account Boss.”  
“Yeah.  Here’s my info.  The two college accounts go to the Wysnewskies.”  
Jack took the receipt from the envelope.  
“Here’s their account.  Put the college money in there.”  
“That’s for my kids.”  
“Now it’s for the kid you killed.  Is that not fair Mr. Scallin?  How much is that Life insurance policy for?”  
“Done Boss.”  
“Now find Mackenzie trucking.”  
“Coming up boss.  Mackenzie Trucking Boss.”  
“I want a million in there.”  
“That’s all they have boss.”  
“Then take it from somewhere else.”  
“Can I take it from FWE accounts?”  
“Can you?”  
“That’s what I said Boss, can I?”  
“If you’re able, then you’re certainly permitted.”  
“Done Boss.  And by the way boss, I am gonna die before they get to me or my family, right?”  
“Most definitely.”  
“How much time do I have?”  
“More than Tim.”  
Jack almost forgot to be mad.  
“Then can I ask something?”  
“Spin the wheel brother.”  
“Will I be able to see my family?”  
“Yeah, I figure you have between 12 and 24 hours left.  You’ll get that in I guess.  But you still have work to do.  Get the number for the Daily Times.”  
Jack used Toms’ phone to call the number.  He threatened the people in the newsroom until they agreed to pass the number to Mr. McKafferty. About twenty minutes later a very pissed off Mike McKafferty called back.  
“Did you really call back just to see if we knew it was Sunday night Mr. McKafferty?"  
Jack would break anyone’s balls.  Mike wasn’t too pissed off, he knew that the best stories came during the off hours.  The guy was claiming to have broken the FWE system.  Mike wanted to know more.  Jack made another call.  Jim was there in just over an hour.  Mike McKafferty cut the Giants night-game short.  They were kicking the crap out of the Redskins anyway.  He got there right after Jim.



XXVI

Tom and Jack were drinking, and smoking cigars on the deck.  They looked like old friends.  It was almost surreal.  Jim was not too happy to have the reporter there.  That was okay, because Mike wasn’t too happy about the police being there.  
“Oops!”  
Jack and Tom laughed to the point of choking.  Okay, so Tom coughed up a piece of his lung.  What’s a little organ heaving between friends.  Mike wanted to leave, and Jim wanted to start shooting.  Jack got them each a beer and started the ball rolling.  While they were waiting, Jack and Tom made a sort of a timeline covering the highpoints so that they kept their stories straight.  They explained how Tom was acting completely alone, and planned to sell individual elections.  Tim found out about it.  He must have memorized the access codes.  (The card was never mentioned.)  The other murder and attempted murder must have been copycats.  They had nothing to do with this.  Although Jack was sitting there the whole time, he was never mentioned in the story.  Mike finally asked about him, and was told that he was an advisor and would not give his name.  As a reporter Mike didn’t like it.  He thought there was more to it.  But he also figured that it would come out in the wash eventually.  He had a great story and while the system was compromised, now it had been exposed and could be controlled.  Jim got his collar and could make it look good, real good.  Jack was true to his word.  Jim took Tom Scallin over to NYU Hospital, placed him under arrest, and called his family.  The doctors were a little uncomfortable with Jims’ defeatist attitude.  For some reason Jim didn’t give a shit what they thought.  They performed a few tests, and took a blood sample.  Jim would not tell them what the real problem was, and neither would Tom.  He spent his time writing down the information his wife would need.  Jim made sure that it was nothing more than his personal information, nothing pointing to Jack.  Tom’s wife and kids were by his side for his last hours.  He told them to move away, go retire on the money.  But get far-far away.  Tom got what he needed, Mike and Jim got their due.  Tim was finally vindicated, without bringing FWE down.  Roger and his parents were compensated and somewhat vindicated.  Although he knew it was not enough, Jack had sent some compensation to Mack.  
Jack went to Joes’ Paramount to have one more drink to Tim.  After his second, he walked over to the booth where the picture had been.  He half expected Linda to be sitting there.  She wasn’t.  He tipped the wall light to return the picture.  A different picture fell out.  It was of Katie!  On the back it read, 
“Thanks Jack, we couldn’t have done it without you.”  
Jack crumpled it up. And threw it in the ashtray, and burned it.




Book II


LINER


Jack felt a turbulence beginning to churn in his stomach.  The celebratory drink he had just been enjoying turned to gasoline.  He had just gotten the answers to questions he had barely acknowledged having.  Now it was too late.  He had been used like the mindless pawn he was.  The card was gone.  He knew it.  He checked his jacket pockets and his wallet.  He hadn't seen it since that day with Mac.  She must have gotten it after that.  Maybe that night after Forest Avenue, maybe the bartender at the hotel, where else had he lost track of it, he couldn't remember.  He wanted to finish his drink but felt too ill.  Everything hurt.  His knees were weak and it felt like his stomach might come up in total.  The ride home was queasy.
He knew Katie did it.  He knew there was a reason, but he didn’t think it was important.  She didn’t have the kind of mental capacity to be dangerous on purpose.  She was used.  She would still pay, but he didn’t believe that she was the real problem.  He was fairly certain about that.  Maybe Tony Lexus had something to do with it.  That would be as good a place as any to start.  He’d have to follow her to find him.  She’d be watching for him, so he would have to be careful.  But why?  Why would she leave him that note?  She knew he had succeeded with Scallin and the Police, why would she tempt him like this.  Does she think she has him beaten?  That would be too arrogant, maybe Lexus thinks so?  That would make more sense.  Then again, this could be a trap, or another part of the trap he was already in.  That was scary.  They could eliminate him and get the money.  But how do they know all of this?  Unless they come from the same place that they are heading to.  It’s the money and the card.  They want the money back and Jack out of the FWE world.  It was scary and all too possible, even likely.  That calmed him down.  Now instead of hunting them, he only had to catch them hunting him.  He felt suddenly vulnerable in his apartment.  His only advantage was that the news about Scallin had not yet broken.  They may know it is nearly over, but they probably don’t know it is over.  He should have a few hours to play with, should.
His options and time were limited.  Jack had work for Linda, but she didn’t know about anything that had happened yet and he didn’t want to drag her into this at this hour.  The only one who knew anything was Police Officer Jim.  Where would he be right now?  The Wysnewski’s would be a safe bet, but he didn’t want to call there either.  As much as he wanted to avoid it, Jack had to call Jim directly.  He knew that cell phones were as easy to tap and trace as his home phone, he just called from the Apartment.

"Jim, where are you?"
"I am with Tim’s parents.  You want to speak to them?"
"No, we’re square.  Make sure they check their account tomorrow."
"Is this a trail I shouldn’t be following."
"Yes, but I think it is safe anyway, it came from Scallin personally."
"They’ll enjoy that, a little at least."
"Yeah.  Listen Jim, I need something."
"I knew this was too good.  What’s up?"
"It’s not quite over, I am on the burner now."
"Figures."
"Don’t sweat me,"
"I wasn’t."
"Swell.  Listen, I need Linda to bury some money for me.  Mine isn’t clean, and I need to have it, and I need it free and clear."
"Jack, you’re asking me to tell Linda to launder money for you.  Money you got through activities I am not supposed to know about.  Are you aware I am a police officer?"
"I am aware you are an honest cop who wants the right things to happen.  That is what you will be doing.  It’s only a conversation Jim, you’re not breaking and entering or burning files!"
"No, just flirting with the end of my career, and conspiracy and jail time."
"Then you’ll do it."
"Do you know what they do to cops in Jail?"
"Yeah, and it’ll keep them off of me!"
"You’re an ass."
"One that got you your collar, and probably your shield."
"I’m not paying for that for the rest of my life you know."
"No, but there is more.  Remember Katie?"
"Vaguely, lots of trouble."
"That’s her.  I need to know who she is dating.  She’s staying at her Mom’s by the park on Victory."
"Jack, I don’t mind the important stuff, but the personal crap you’ll have to handle yourself."
"It ain’t personal.  They used her to get to me.  I need to know who he is.  They’ll spot me, I can’t do it."
"For real?"
"Yeah, no question, it was her."
"Okay bud, you got it."
"They are going to be looking for me, so I am going into the wind again.  Use someone else’s account and email me at ThePeking.com.  I don’t know the right address, so use the “contact us” or something to start.  If that doesn’t work, get it to my brother.  I’ll leave the paperwork for Linda in my mailbox.
"Are you sure there’s nothing else I can do for you?  Wash your bike, paint the apartment?"
"This is fine Jim, thanks."
"Cause I am here to serve."
"And protect, so get to it."
"Yeah yeah."
"Yeah yeah, bye."
Jack took a few more aspirins and packed his bag, again.  He put the account information in an envelope and left it under his Go Away mat.  He knew he told Jim that it would be in the mailbox, but this would be less conspicuous.  Linda would get it.  He took his ATM card so he could get some startup money.
"Mickey isn’t going to appreciate this."
Jack loaded up his bag with clean and dirty clothes because he knew Mick had a washer and dryer.  Other than that all he needed was his aspirin bottle and cigarettes.  He grabbed his all purpose tool and put it in his jacket.  He stopped for gas and money down on Bay Street.
The ride in was a little chilly, but crisp.  The cold air always helped to clear Jack’s head.  It felt so good that he took the Brooklyn Bridge instead of the tunnel.  The seaport was quiet.  It was late on a Sunday night and it should be quiet.  There were two homeless men sleeping under adjacent benches by the curb where Jack parked.  He shut the engine as soon as he saw them.  This meant that he had to do the duck-walk to keep the bike moving up to the curb.  He felt bad for them, but never knew what to do for them.  He grabbed his bag and started toward the Peking.  He stopped and put down the bag and stuffed a twenty under the edge of the bag by one of the guy’s head.  He went up the gangway and was reminded about the gate halfway up it.  He put down his bag and it rolled down the ramp.  He paused for a second realizing that this was about to turn into a Charlie Chaplain scene.  He lifted the gate off of its hinge pins and laid it down on its long edge.  He stomped back down the gangway to retrieve his bag and turned around to see the gate come sliding down at him looking to take off a limb at the very least.  He jumped over the rail, and thinking quickly grabbed his bag through the slats.  I said thinking quickly, not smartly.  Now he was hanging from the gangway ten feet over the pier.  He realized he was in a monkey trap.  More than a little embarrassing because monkey traps relied on the stupidity of the monkey.  All you had to do was put a piece of fruit inside a hole about the size of the piece of fruit.  The monkey reaches in to grab it, but can’t get it out while it is in his fist.  Then you just walk up and put a leash on the monkey because he is too stupid to let go of the fruit and therefore his hand is trapped.  There hangs Jack holding his duffle bag.  He finally lets go, knowing there are no reasonable alternatives.  He lands on his feet, but that is not much help since his knees are shot.  They collapse under him and his butt lands hard on the back of his boots.  Now he is splayed out on the pier like a twelve year old fallen from his skateboard.  The racket it made didn’t bother him until it was over and he was looking up at Mickey.  He hung his head wondering if this could get any worse.  He didn’t want the answer.
"Mr. Bond I presume?"
"Oh yeah, just take the gate off the pins."
"I said take the gate off the pins and be quiet about it."
"Easier said than done."
"For some."
Mickey headed down the gangway and brought the gate back into place.  Jack followed with his bag.
"You know this gate wouldn’t have chased you off the gangway if it had actually been locked?  It would have been chained to the other post."
"So it wasn’t even locked, thanks, that’s just the piece of information I needed to make this a total cluster-fuck."
"It should have been locked, but I am expecting Joey."
"The kid?"
"Yes.  He’s been having some problems at home, so I leave the gate open for him.  So far he’s been able to figure out that it’s open.  Sharp kid."
"Uh huh."
Mickey went straight into the cabin and showed Jack to his bunk.  He never even asked.
"The chipping hammers are up forward."
"Wouldn’t I be more use working on that generator?"
"If you wish, but the pay is the same."
"Pay?  I don’t need no stinking’ pay."
"I didn’t say you were getting paid.  I just said that the rate is the same.  That rate by the way is zero."
"That’s more like it.  I don’t want to have to discuss this again."
Mickey laughed at that.
"You okay boy?"
"Of course, of course, I just need to not be where I usually am."
"That doesn’t sound like my definition of ‘okay.’"
"Yeah well my dictionary varies a bit from most."
"I’ll say."
"Let’s just say that I am the hunter here, not the prey."
"That’s a relief.  This isn’t going to make me an accessory to anything is it?"
"No, I just need to stay off of the radar for a few days."
Mickey pulled two beers out of the fridge and put one in front of Jack.  He waited for Jack to start.  Jack knew it, and he knew it was time to tell him.
"Have you heard of the Vote America system, Free World Elections.  It’s been in the papers lately."
"And your wallet."
"That’ll save some time.  Without going into too much detail, a friend of mine was killed over it.  I helped handle that situation, and now they are after me."
"You just said you aren’t the prey?"
"When you know you are the prey, and they don’t know that you know, you become the hunter.  You know?"  (Jack laughs, you know?)
"Uh huh.  How many laws have been broken?"
Jack looks around, not answering
"Okay.  How many commandments?"
"I have a priest."
"And now you have a new landlord.  One who is distinctly interested in preserving his property and livelihood."
"It’s a bunk Mick.  If you want me to leave, say the word."
"I want you safe.  But I want the Peking to be safe too, and me too for that matter.  Should I pretend I don’t know about Mr. Mackenzie?"
(Sullen) "That’s not fair.  We didn’t know."
"I am not interested in what you did or didn’t know.  It happened.  It can’t happen here.  Not an option."
"It’s just a bunk.  Nothing is going to happen here.  I’ll go."
"No.  That’s not what I am saying.  I’ll help you.  I want to help.  I just have to be kept well clear of any of it."
"Not a problem.  Like I said, I am on the offensive here, I decide where the playing field is."
"See to it.  I’m turning in now.  See you in the morning."
"Goodnight Mick.  Thanks."



The Sign of Fire

When Jack awoke in the morning Joey was sleeping in the bunk across from him.  Thankfully the chipping hammer was now completely out of the question.  Jack grabbed a lemonade from the refrigerator and downed four aspirin.  In the tool room he took a bucket and stuffed some wrenches, sockets, a tester and some screwdrivers.  Getting down to the Laz wasn’t too bad.  He only brushed his head once on a pipe that was hanging down.  The Laz is the lowest section, furthest to the rear.  Sometimes it was called the steering room.  For some unknown reason, the generators were always in the engine room or the Laz.  Since the Peking had huge steam engines it went in the Laz.  Originally of course the Peking had no generator.  This was added some 20 years ago as a modern convenience.  At least it wasn’t computerized.  Jack opened the hatch to get some air and light.  It wasn’t a deck hatch, it opened out over the water, over the rudders.  The starter was powered by battery, but backed up by the shore power.  This allowed him to eliminate the battery as the problem.  The engine wasn’t turning, so he went after the starter.  First he started banging on it.  It looked like a “Dad fixing the TV” move, but in fact he was making sure it wasn’t seized.  “Clunk.”  
"Okay, the starter turns.  How about the motor?
He tries a few wrenches on the front of the engine until he has a good fit.  It turns fine."
"Back to the starter."
He checks the cables and tries to determine how bad the cables are corroded. He bridges the terminals with a spark and a sudden full cranking of the generator.  He turns to the battery cables and disconnects them.  He disconnects the starter cables and scrapes the corrosion off.  With everything back in place he cranks up the generator and leans back to enjoy its newly repaired status.
"Pretty happy with yourself?"
Jack jumps from the surprise.
"Whoa!  When did you get here?"
It was officer Jim Ward.
"Just now.  C’mon, we gotta talk."
Jack shut down the generator and put the tools back in the bucket.  They made their way back to the tool room, and then to the galley.
"You’re out of the game."
"Excuse me?"
"It just went over your head.  This has to go higher."
"And why is that?"
"Joey Scarlucci is why."
"Would he be “The Don?”"
"He would.  You know about him?"
"I heard of him from somewhere."
"His son is Tony Scarlucci, your boy in the Lexus, with Katie."
"Less shocking than I’d like it to be."
"Well the point still stands; he’s out of your league."
"Look, I haven’t disappointed so far.  I want a crack at this guy.  What have you got?"
"I figured you’d say that.  I was nice enough to keep this quiet so that I could return the favor and we’d be even.  You got that?  We’re even with this."
"I have every intention of being done with this.  Even suits me fine.  Now what is it?"
"I put a guy on Katie’s mom’s house last night.  Tony picked her up about ten this morning and they went to a travel agency.  Global Trails on Manor Road.  They came out pretty chippy so we presume there was a purchase.  They went shopping after that.  They bought some luggage, but nothing big, so we figure a short trip."
"Has he been to see his dad, do you know?"
"Joey Scarlucci has been in Palermo for the last three days.  He is scheduled to return to Newark tomorrow night at 7pm on National Airlines.  So no, we do not believe he has seen his father.  Do I want to know why?"
"Not at the moment, no.  Any idea when Katie and Tony are traveling?"
"No.  We are trying to get someone inside at the travel agency."
From the other room the kid, Joey chirps up.
"They are taking a cruise to nowhere on the Ocean Maiden leaving Pier 90 tonight at 5pm.  They are staying in the Tiara Suite.  They reserved a limo to pick them up in Scotch Plains NJ at 2:30, and a pickup taking them to Newark Airport tomorrow at 6pm."
Jack and Jim craned their necks and gaped at the kid working the computer in the next room.
"Is that the best you can do?"
"Do you need blueprints?"
"Shut up!"
"I think I’m done here."
He turns and walks away without looking back.
"Thanks Jim."
"By the way, that’s Detective Jim from now on."
"No shit?"
"Got the word today.  I should have my shield by the end of the week."
"Good for you man.  Congratulations."
"We’re even Jack."
"Done and over.  Thanks again."
Jim’s shoes disappear up the ladder.
Jack turned back to Joey at the computer.  He looked very pleased with himself.
"I’ve got a friend for you.  Were you serious about the blueprints?"
"Yeah.  They have a link to the cruise line’s website where they give you the layout of the whole boat."
"How many decks?"
"I’ll see, how many do you need?"
"All of them.  Print them out.  Give me good ones around that Tiara Suite."
"Ten Minutes."
Jack went on deck and used his cell phone to call Miller’s.
"Yeah, hello, this is Jack Danning, the welder, is Gary in?  Thanks."
"Hey Jack, how are you feeling?"
"This isn’t going to impress you."
"Uh oh."
"Do you have anything for the Ocean Maiden at Pier 90?"
"You’re right."
"C’mon Gary, I don’t have a lot of time."
"I have a water barge on the way now, it left about five minutes ago."
"I am at the Seaport now.  How can I get on it?"
"You’re a pain in the ass you know that?  I have a crew going to the statue all day from the battery.  Have them drop you off."
"Sweet.  I’ll be using your name."
"You better, it’s my property.  Greg is running the Launch, Chris is on the Tug."
"Thanks Gary."
"Hey Jack?"
"Yeah Gary?"
"You will be returning to normal someday, right?"
"To be honest, I’m starting to enjoy this."
"Oh.  So how am I getting paid back?"
"I’ll set it up with Paul."
Jack returned to the galley where Joseph held a stack of papers.  He had used a highlighter to mark the Tiara Suite.  It was all of the way at the stern, a semicircular suite that took up the entire arch of the stern.  It had a backwards view, but Jack bet it was still pretty nice.  Jack borrowed a blue “USCG” jumpsuit of Mickey's and a backpack from Joey to hold a few things.  The duffel would be too big for this.  He tore Mickey's name off the chest and went to the tool room to fill the backpack.

All The Best Things Are Free

The walk down to the Battery took about five minutes.  Jack spent the time going over as many possibilities as he could think of.  There were too many.  He grabbed three hotdogs and a chocolate milk outside the park.  When he got to the waterfront he was just in time to see the Miller Eagle pull away, from inside the Coast Guard Station.  That would complicate things a bit.  Homeland security would probably warrant a search of his bag.  The blueprints of the ship and the knife would not read well.  He stopped at a park bench and split the blueprints into two piles.  He rolled one pile around each shin and pulled his socks and pants over them.  He put the knife into his right front pocket.  He had to stop twice to keep the blueprints from falling out as he walked.
There is a little security booth next to the pier with two pilgrims trying to be professional.  Jack steps up to the window and lays the knife on the counter.  The boys just stare at him.
"I thought I should get that out of the way right up front.  No threat, I am getting on the Miller Eagle."
The blonde one, Matt, picks up a clipboard and starts asking questions.
"What is your destination and purpose?"
"The Miller Eagle.  I have to give them an estimate on some welding."
He produces his business card.
The other kid, Kenny, picks up the radio.
"Miller Eagle Miller Eagle, Miller Eagle, Coast Guard Battery."
"Miller Eagle Back."
"I have a Joe Danning, here, says you are picking him up."
"Is he there now?"
"Roger that sir."
"Hold him.  Don’t let him out of your sight."
Before Jack can even crack a smile, he has the barrel of Matt’s gun at his temple.
"Whoa whoa whoa!  He’s fuckin’ with ya boys."
"Face down on the ground hands behind your head."
Jack resigns himself to the situation.  Nobody jokes around like that anymore.  
"Fuckin’ Greg."
The radio kicks out again.
"Hey Coast Guard Battery, this is the Miller Eagle.  I am sorry about that.  That probably wasn’t too smart.  I was just kidding with my buddy.  Please belay my last transmission.
"Miller Eagle, be advised we are standing down.  We will also be sending a security team to see you upon your arrival.
"Yeah.  Okay."
"Fucking asshole!"
"You have that right sir.  Sorry for the procedure."
"Doing your job.  That’s why I didn’t question it."
"That’s appreciated sir.  Not everyone understands that."
"Clearly Greg is one of them."
They both laugh.
"He will be having a very uncomfortable afternoon."
"Can he have it after I get my business taken care of?"
"I suppose we can have the boat searched underway."
"Or after my trip?"
"It would be imprudent to delay it entirely."
"He means it wouldn’t look good on the report."
"Oh.  I see."
"We’ll make sure you get your work done."
"Well my estimate is for their tug, the Susan Miller.  Greg is just dropping me off on it."
"Then that is what will happen."
"Don’t be too hard on Greg, he’s just. . . ."
"An idiot."
"Yah."
When the boat pulled in three guys in Coast Guard coveralls with submachine guns came out of the building.  While Kevin and Mathew had a chat with them, Jack adjusted the blueprints and headed for the boat.  It was going to be a long day for Greg.
Jack let the Coasties get on board first, he waited on deck for the deckhand to come out.  After a few minutes with the armed escort Brad made his way out of the wheelhouse.  
"Hey Brad, you guys are dropping me off on . . ." 
"On the Susan, the coasties just informed us.  Thanks for the escort, this should be fun . . . NOT!"
"Don't thank me, Greg opened that door.  I'm pretty sure they are just breaking chops.  They can't do too much to you, they'll look bad.  You've been running here all day, anything they find is something they missed earlier."
"Spoken like someone who'll be getting off soon."
Jack just laughed.  Brad went to let go the lines, then went to check back in with Greg once they were underway.  He didn't invite Jack.  
They had to go a little North to catch up with the tug and barge.  The Susan was approaching the Colgate Clock already.  They pulled alongside the barge dead slow, and Jack jumped off from the mid-ship gate.  Greg and his unhappy escort were off as soon as he hit the deck.  Jack waved them off then headed for the Tug waving at Chris as he approached.  Dane met him at the bow.
"You gotta be the most important welder I ever met."
"It pays to know the man at the top.  Especially if he owes you money."
"You riding all the way up?"
"Yeah, I got some business up there."
Jack didn't want to be too specific.
"Come on up, you want a coffee?"
"Yeah, I can use a cup, thanks."


Fatal Shore

Jack went up to the wheelhouse to greet Chris, Dane went to the galley to make the coffee.  They made small talk for the twenty minute trip.  Jack tuned a radio onto the local ferry channel, he liked to listen in on the chatter.  You could usually catch them badmouthing someone, maybe even yourself if you were crossing their route.  They reached pier 90 just past the Intrepid aircraft carrier museum by 1330.  Jack hung out in the galley while Dane set the lines and hooked up the water lines. They were using the Pilot door directly into the ships machinery spaces.  Jack waited until everything was set, and Dane gave him the all-clear.  He grabbed his backpack, a hardhat and a clipboard and shot across the deck and practically dove into the opening. 
Once inside he followed the signs for the stairs and kept his head down.  Two levels up he found a crew break room.  He helped himself to a cup of coffee and laid out the blueprints on the table.  The Tiara Suite was on D Deck.  Just below it on C Deck was the steering room.  There would be plenty of room, and few interruptions in there.  The access was through a maintenance closet off the main hallway, and there was a through hull access hatch that opened above the rudders.  Jack rolled up the blueprints and headed for C Deck.  He passed several crewmen on the stairs and in the halls, but they were too busy, and didn't want to engage anyone from the Coast Guard.  (Thanks Mickey.)  When he got to the corridor on C Deck he headed for the stern.  The maintenance closet was at the very end of the hall.  A watertight hatch inside lead into the steering room.  Jack held the door alarm switch open with his finger as he let himself in.  There was a watertight light switch and a small platform there, and a ladder down to the catwalk serving the Hydraulic rams for the rudder.  He climbed down and set the backpack on top of the blueprints and clipboard.  He retrieved the flashlight out of the backpack and began to scan his new home for possibilities.
The overhead was mostly insulation, soundproofing no doubt.  He noticed a few pipes and conduit coming through it.  The hatch over the rudders was only 2x2, located just above the hydraulic rams, it was watertight, with some foam weather-stripping.  It too was alarmed.  Jack wasn't too concerned, they usually didn't work, and even if they did it was usually just an indicator light in the wheelhouse somewhere.  There was a very old looking fire extinguisher mounted to the side.  He climbed down another set of ladders to reach the bilge spaces.  There was just a piece of plywood laid across the stringers to stand on down there.  There were several pipes going fore and aft.  A through hull valve allowed for flooding the space, and flushing the lines.  A strainer in the bottom allowed for suction to drain the space, or, when needed as another outlet for flooding it.  Not too much to see, or to work with.   He decided to take the opportunity to nap on the catwalk.  With the main engines shut down, and no movement, he would have a few hours of peace and quiet.  He took off the coveralls, and rolled them up for a pillow then plugged in his headphones and meditated his way to sleep.  It was an uneasy rest.
After about an hour he gave up more than woke up.  He lit a cigarette, confident there were no smoke detectors in the space.  He began to pace along the catwalk, wondering how he would get the card back, and what he should do about Tony Scarlucci.  Jack was sure this mob extension of the puzzle was responsible for Mr. Mackenzie's death.  Skynet and the politicians had to be well clear of that.  No, that was the work of the Scarlucci family.  Now Jack had the opportunity to even the score, and get the card back in one shot.  He had to do something final here, something to end this fiasco.  Killing a mobster's son did not seem likely to end anything, but all roads led to that.  If Jack could make it look like an accident, maybe he could get away with it.  He looked up at the overhead separating him from the Tiara Suite and wondered just how he would be able to do that.  He looked again at the piping and conduit coming from the insulation.  Maybe there was an answer under there.  He climbed to the platform under the piping.  He began to tear away the insulation.  The possibilities began to be revealed.  The piping led to the underside of a Jacuzzi tub.  The conduit led to the motor for the tub.  There was an access panel next to the tub that would allow him to get into the room.  He popped it open.  The opening was about 2x3, and he passed through easily.  The Tiara Suite was sweet indeed.  A king sized bed faced the stern windows and the tub was right below the windows.  A separate bathroom included a shower stall and a spacious counter and makeup vanity.  A big screen TV was mounted on the starboard side partition, viewable from the bed and the tub.  Of course there was a mirrored ceiling above the bed.  Jack checked every cabinet and drawer looking for any options they might offer.  There was not a lot available.
There was activity out in the hall and Jack figured the guests were beginning to file on board.  He ducked back into the access panel next to the tub and closed it behind him.  He paused under the tub considering it's possibilities.  The high voltage pump being so close to the tub was a very tempting option.  He began to trace the wires.  The pump was 220 volts, and 50 amps.  Certainly sufficient.  The tub was fiberglass and would not conduct electricity, but the plumbing sure would.  He began to lay out the mental schematic.  He could take the ground wire to the tub drain, disconnect it from the overflow stem leading to the upper part of the tub.  He could connect one of the hot leads to that.  When Tony got in the tub, it would raise the water level to the overflow and the connection would be made.  But that would only be 110 volts, Jack wanted the full 220.  He reached around the side of the tub and found a set of bolts he could connect the last hot wire to.  It was the mounting bracket for the handle used to get in and out of the tub. That would work perfectly. If the 110 volts didn't do the job, Tony would get the final jolt trying to get out of the tub. 
"We have a plan."
Jack traced the conduit back to a junction box and shut off the power.  He brought the backpack up to the platform and set to work.  He would have to wire it so that the tub would function normally until he was already in the tub.  If he got shocked grabbing the handle on the way in, he wouldn't get in.  That wouldn't do.  First he disconnected the overflow pipe from the bottom drain.  He took some wire from the backpack and connected it to the overflow stem.  He left the other end hanging by the motor.  Then he attached another wire to the handle bracket and left that hanging by the motor as well.  He still needed a way to switch the power from the motor to the plumbing.  That was the tricky part.  Maybe a switch on the tub would do.  If he could hook it up to the bubble switch he could use that to trip it.  No.  That wouldn’t work, the bubbles came from an air valve, not an electrical contact.  He needed an electrical contact.  There was nothing there that couldn't be tripped too soon.  He would have to do it manually.  He could make the connection himself with the bare wires, but keeping them in place was not likely.  He looked back at the junction box.  It was what was called a knife switch.  The handle outside the box pulled copper bars into contact that fed the fuse connection.  This he could work with.  He extended the two hot leads down to the junction box, and opened it up.  If he could attach the wires above the blades, when they were disconnected from the fuses, the contact would be made.  The power would flow direct to the tub bypassing the fuses and the motor.  The steady stream would certainly fry anyone at the other end.  He recalculated the steps and satisfied it would work, began to wire it up.  The work required him to fiddle with the hot leads, so he lit a cigarette, and laid out the steps mentally before tackling it.  He double ended the tips and spliced in a secondary wire for each to make sure the wires didn't fry first.  Now he just had to wait.
Jack began to consider the card again.  Did Tony have it on him?  Would Jack have to search his car, or house?  Well, it wouldn't be in the car, they were using a limo to get to the ship.  It appeared that they would be going straight to the airport to meet Joey Scarlucci. So most likely Tony had it on him.  He seemed the type that would want to keep that ace in his pocket.  Yes, Jack was sure of it.  Then he considered the likelihood of Katie being in the tub at the same time.  That gave him pause.  He pushed through it.  She would have to be collateral damage.  Besides, she had her hand in this too.  She was as guilty as Tony, maybe even more so.  No.  She would have to go too.  Leaving her to testify towards all of strange goings on would also be a hazard.  No.  She had to go too.
Jack went over the steps one more time, making sure it would all work.  It would.  He just had to be there when they were in the tub.  That meant hanging around down there until they got around to getting in the tub.  It could be a while. He got comfortable again. 
About an hour later he began to hear footsteps above him.  Doors opened and closed, voices rattled back and forth.  He climbed up to the access panel to listen in.  It was them.  Katie's shrill voice was unmistakable.  Then he lost their voices as the main engines started up.  The motor for the hydraulic steering kicked on as well.  They would be getting underway before long.  Jack settled back in on the catwalk.
In the Tiara room, Katie and Tony were settling in as well.  There was little luggage as this was just an overnight cruise to nowhere.  A gambling jaunt as far as Tony was concerned, a celebration for what was sure to be a grand homecoming for his father, thanks entirely to Tony.  Returning the lost access card for the election program would propel Tony to new heights in the organization, being Joey's son assured a meteoric rise.  Yes, this was his moment.  Having Katie as his trophy was just the cherry on top.
For her part, Katie wasn't much interested in the gambling, but she did her duty standing by Tony's side.  But she had her own agenda.  First she wanted the sex of the triumphant, then a fine dinner at a center table, just the two of them looking like the jewel of the dining room.  Then back to the room for more sex and the Hot tub. Then Tony could gamble the night away.  She would have her way.
The sex was easy, all she had to do was bat her eyes a few times.  It was fantastic, just as she had imagined.  Tony was definitely up to the role of conqueror.  Then they showered and headed out for dinner.  Now Tony was in a rush.  He wanted to get to the tables as soon as they opened.  They took dinner in the center of the dining room, but hardly anyone was there.  Everyone else was still in there rooms, or on deck watching the scenery as the ship left port.  Tony was ordering dessert by the time they passed the Statue of Liberty.  They were back in their room before they passed under the Narrows Bridge.  Katie began to fill the Jacuzzi.  Tony lit a cigar by the window.
One deck below life was simpler.  Jack couldn't hear a thing except the steering motor.  He had already had to move out of the way of the rudder rams a few times.  That was something he had to pay attention to.  Other than that he just watched the bottom of the drain pipes like a hamster waiting for a drink of water.  It finally came around 7pm.  The bottom drain began dripping.  By 7:15 he got the first wave out of the overflow.  One of them was in the tub, and it was full.  Jack repositioned himself by the junction box.  At 7:21 he got his wish.  Soapy water flooded through the overflow pipe.  Jack never hesitated, his hand was already on the knife switch.  He hadn't expected the finality of the clunk as the knife switch disengaged and made contact with his rigging.  The wires fused as soon as they made contact.  The lights above dimmed.  When Jack saw another wave of soapy water he knew they were done.  He waited another 10 seconds, and reset the knife switch.  He immediately yanked the wires from the junction box and climbed up to the base of the tub and pulled them free from the other end.  He bundled them up and climbed down to the hatch above the rudders.  Holding the door alarm trip switch, he pushed on the handle and it opened wide.  He threw the bundle overboard and noticed that he was out by Coney Island, Norton's Point.  He would be at the pilot station in forty minutes.  He closed the hatch and climbed back up to the tub access hatch.  He pressed his ear against the bottom of the tub, vainly trying to hear if there was any movement above.  If his experiment had failed, his next move would expose him in a very vulnerable fashion.  He could get halfway through the access and find himself getting kicked to death by Tony.  This whole plan could go one hundred and eighty degrees on him.  He wanted to be sure, but there was no way he could hear over the noise in the compartment.  He decided he must find a better way.
Jack looked around again and made sure he wasn't leaving any evidence around.  Everything was back in the backpack except his coveralls.  He decided he had to go out into the ship and knock on the door above.  Only then could he be sure they were dead, or at least meet them on his feet.  He decided his street clothes were less likely to gain anyone's attention than the Coast Guard coveralls.  He checked himself for any grease or major stains that might make him stand out.  So far so good.  He climbed over to the hatch leading to the maintenance closet and let himself out of the compartment.  He waited by the door to the hallway for some time, making sure no one was around.
As he finally stepped out, he was greeted by the familiar world of failure.  A woman had just let herself out of her room.  She was alone, so Jack didn't hear her talking to anyone, and they seemed to have opened their doors simultaneously.  Jack just hung his head in defeat as she looked at him quizzically.
"I was trying to steal some towels for my room."  He shrugged.
She looked annoyed and walked away down the hall.  He stopped to tie his shoe and let her get away from him.
Once Jack made his way to the upper deck he went straight for the door of the Tiara suite.  He knocked, waited, then he pounded on the door.  No response.  He waited a little longer, pacing outside their door.  Then he pounded again.  Still nothing.  Now, he had to get back to his lair.  He had considered jimmying the lock and going straight into the room but decided he had made enough of a scene and wanted to get back out of sight.  Down on C Deck he took it slow making sure no one saw him.  He nearly dove for the maintenance closet.  Back inside he went right to business.  He climbed back up to the bottom of the tub and the access panel.  He pushed it out as he had done before and pulled himself through the opening.  This time the room was familiar.  Except for the two bodies in the tub.  He had forgotten they would be nude.  The scene was a little grotesque.  The tub had cleaned up most of the fluids and hid Katie's face under the water.  Tony appeared to have bitten a cigar in two.  The stub floated around aimlessly.  It reminded Jack of the Mounds bar in the pool in "Caddy Shack."  He looked again to make sure it wasn't a turd.  Not that he would do anything about it if it was.  Jack turned away and began searching the room for the card.  Tony's wallet was on the bed, Jack set upon it.  He thumbed through every card in the dividers, and it wasn't there.  Then he opened the money section.  There it was, right next to a stack of hundreds.  Jack helped himself to the card, and three of the hundred dollar bills.  As he stuffed the card in his pocket, he scanned the room for any incidentals that could help explain the two bodies in the tub.  He considered dragging them out and positioning them on the bed.  That would be too much trouble.  He did reset the water pump.  That would eliminate that as a first suspicion.  If the tub was still on, it couldn't have shorted out.  He checked the bathroom and found something he could use.  On the vanity was a small pillbox.  Maybe he could leave that out and make it look like an overdose.  He picked it up and when he opened it, he couldn't be more pleased.  Inside was what looked to be at least a quarter ounce of cocaine.  He could dump it out and make it look like they overdosed cleaning it out.  Or he could leave the pillbox and take the coke.  He returned to the tub with it and dumped the contents in the tub and left the pillbox on the edge of the tub.  What the hell would he do with the coke, besides, he stood a better than even chance of making a wet exit from the ship.  He took a towel and wiped his prints off every surface he could think of.  He took one last look around and climbed back out the access panel to the steering room.  He crouched down and finally allowed himself to panic.  He had just killed two more people.  One, a friend, a close friend.  He began to fear she was too close to him.  He assured himself that the only one who could connect the dots on this was Jim, and he had no interest in that.  He let himself breathe.  He rolled his eyes and looked again at the overhead and imagined the scene again.  No, he was clean.  He could get away with this.  Next, he had to get off the ship somehow.  He had considered a few options, and none were particularly attractive.  
He could wait it out and disembark with everyone else, get lost in the crowd.  He didn't want to be around that close to the discovery of the bodies, and didn't want to chance getting caught on camera.  He could wait for Millers to come back with another water delivery, but that would be well after the bodies were found.  He really didn't want to have anyone know he got off this ship, even Miller's.  This may prove the most difficult part of the plan.  Jack realized, painfully, that there was no plan, he was winging it again, and may have reached a dead end here.  He couldn't wait for the ship to dock, and he couldn't swim for it, the currents were too fast, and he wasn't much of a swimmer.  The cigarettes saw to that.  It seemed he would have to involve Miller's somehow, that was the only way to get off before they docked.
"Damnit."
He dug his cell phone out of the backpack and called Miller's dispatch.
"Miller's Launch."
"Wayne?  This is Jack Danning."
"Hey Jack, what can I do for you."
"Is the Rosemary and the Sorensen in?"
"The Rosemary is in, the Sorensen is out at Ambrose.  She should be back in about two or three hours.  You gotta work on them?"
"I just have to work up an estimate.  Who's on the Sorensen?"
"Jimmy Mac.  You want his number?"
"Yeah, that'd be great, I don't want to sit around waiting for him."
"I could call you when he's on his way in."
"No, that's okay.  I want him to check something out for me.  Can I get the number?"
"Of course, you got a pen."
"347-555?"
"1842"
"Thanks a lot Wayne, I'll see you later."
"Not a problem, See you later."
That was good news.  Not only was the Sorensen out here, but Mac was driving.   Jack had given him a few welding lessons, and he was indebted to him, a little at least.  Most of all, he was cool and would keep his mouth shut.  Jack dialed him up.
"Hello"
"Hey Mack, It's Jack Danning."
"Hey Jack what's up?"
"I need a favor."
"Sure Buddy.  What can I do you for?"
"This is gonna be a strange one."
"Okay, hit me."
"Are you out at Ambrose now."
"Standing by to stand by."
"Excellent.  I have a covert job for you."
"Shoot"
"Can you see the Ocean Maiden coming out."
"Yeah, I'm about three miles off her, in the anchorage."
"Well I have to get off her."
"Okay, you can have the Pilots take you off, and I'll grab you from them."
"No, no I can't."
"Okay, what do you have in mind."
"I'm not supposed to be on here.  Hang on for this one, I want to jump ship."
"Okayyy."  
"I need you to pass under her stern, get between me and the ship so they don't see you picking me up."
"Okayyy.  You sure about this?"
"Yeah, and listen, keep this off the radio.  This is between you and me okay."
"Okayyy."
"How soon can you be here?"
"About ten minutes.  I am already on my way."
"I'll watch for you.  Have the ladder ready."
Jack unpacked his backpack and opened the hatch over the rudders.  Holding the alarm trip switch, he threw out his tools and any wires he would no longer need.  He went back up to the maintenance closet and got a garbage bag out of the locker.  He wiped down all of the door handles while he was up there.  When he got back to his platform he took off his socks and underwear he packed them together with his phone inside the coveralls, and put them inside the garbage bag.  He tied the bag off with as much air as he could get into it.  He thought about a wipe down to cover his prints, but everything was so rusted and greasy, it would be impossible to lift a print from anything.  He was ready.  The boat should be there by now.  He opened the hatch again, and hearing the boat coming, began to figure out a strategy for closing the hatch from outside.  He poked his head out, and saw the boat about a quarter mile off.  He would have to make this fast.  He also saw a giant padeye outside the hatch.  It was a steel loop used to lift the rudders out for maintenance.  It would do nicely.  He took a deep breath and began to execute.  He released the hatch alarm and tossed out the garbage bag.  Now he had to follow it, quickly.  He grabbed hold of the padeye and swung himself out.  Hanging from the padeye, he reached out and pulled the hatch closed by the inside handle.  There was no handle on the outside.  He kept it in the vertical position so that it would fall back into place when he closed the hatch.  He released the handle and quickly swiped the hatch closed.  It seated perfectly.  He took another deep breath and kicked off of the hull as he let go of the padeye.
Jack thought the fall took an eternity.  In fact it was less than thirty feet.  He hit the water in good form, feet first, arms across his chest.  It was the next two minutes that took forever.  The water was cold, even colder than he expected.  His energy evaporated.  He intended to swim after the garbage bag and drag it to the ladder of the Sorensen.  That was impossible now.  It took everything he had to stay afloat.  Fortunately Mac knew what he was doing.  Man over board drills were regularly practiced at Miller's.  They had taken their share of people out of the water, frequently, their own.  Mac pulled up right next to him and brought the ladder right to him.  It was all he could do to get his torso up on the platform at the base.  Brad was down there in a flash, helping him up onto the ladder.  Jack climbed the ladder quickly, never wanting to get aboard so badly in his entire life.  He went immediately into the cabin.  The heat was more than a little welcoming.  Out on deck Brad pulled the ladder up and grabbed the 14 ft boat hook to retrieve the garbage bag.  Mac maneuvered right over it.  Brad brought it into the cabin.
"You okay Jack."
"Yeah, just a little shocked."
"That's one hell of a way to get off of a ship pardner."
"I don't recommend it.  Did anyone see it?"
"I don't think so, I kept it off the radio, I just told the ship I was passing under his stern.  No noise back yet."
"Cccc cool."
Jack reached for the bag and tried to open it.  His fingers weren't responding that well yet.  Brad grabbed it and opened it for him.  He put the dry clothes on the table in front of him.  Then he volunteered to get him a cup of coffee.  Jack fumbled his way into the dry clothes.  After sitting by the heat vent for a while, he made his way into the wheelhouse.  Mack just looked at him and laughed.
"You must have a really good reason for this . . . ."
"How much would it bother you if I didn't share."
"Not my concern, I guess."
"I need you both to forget about this.  I was never here.  This is important.  No one can know about this, not even pier gossip.  Really."
"Seriously?  What'd Ya kill somebody on there?"
"Nothing like that, I just wasn't here. That's all."
"Okay, you got it.  Brad you got it, not a word."
"Aye aye Captain.  Whatever."
"You mind if I pass out down below?  Just leave me on board if I don't get up when we get in."
"Sure Jack, take the Captain's bunk."
"Thanks, I'm beat."
"I'll bet, go ahead."
Jack headed down below and found the Captains quarters.  It was warm, real warm.  He fell into the bed and fell asleep to the sound of the main engines.  He didn't wake up until the boat was tied up and shut down.  It got cold in the room fast.  Mac and Brad were long gone before he got off.  He made a quick exit out the rear gate of the yard and disappeared into the night.




BOOK III


THE FOOL




I

Loud banging at the door, again.  Jack opened his eyes to another rude day.  The headache didn't hit him until he tried to sit up.  It might not be such a bad day after all.  The banging continued.  Jack pulled on a pair of sweatpants and went to confront the door.  The burst of light momentarily blinded him, he closed his eyes.  He didn't see the man outside, or the officer holding the screen door wide open.  Nor did he see the four other men standing behind them.  As he squinted his eyes open, the man at the door tossed him two packages.  Jack caught them on his chest and was blasted by another flash of light.  The man reached Jacks hands and took the packages back.  Jack began cursing rapid fire.  
"What the fuck, who the fuck."  
His vision began to return.  The man who had tossed the packages now had them back in his hands.  He was wearing those surgical gloves investigators wear.  Not a good sign.  The flash came from a man behind him with a camera.  He had just gotten a shot of Jack holding said packages.  Probably not good either.
"Joseph Danning, you are under arrest for the possession of cocaine.  You have the right to remain . . . "  
"Are you fucking kidding me!"  
The man with the packages walked away, as did the man with the camera.  Two detectives and two more officers stepped forward as they finished reading him his rights.  One officer went inside the apartment and returned with a shirt, socks and shoes for Jack.  They let him get dressed, right there on the stoop, then cuffed his hands behind his back and escorted him into an unmarked car.  Jack had been trying to remain calm, trying to see his way through the shit-storm that just changed his life.  Now, with no discernable answers he began to loose control.
"What the fuck is this about?  How the hell can you come and hijack someone like this?  This is bullshit!"  
The detective in the passenger seat spoke first.  
"Calm down Mr. Danning.  It's over."  
"What's over?  I didn't do anything!"  
"Four police officers just witnessed you in possession of four pounds of pure cocaine.  We have photographs, and your prints on the packages.  It's over."  
Jacks head began to clear.  Joey Scarlucci.  It had to be.  But why not just hit him.  Why complicate things.  Jack knew Joey wasn't back in the country yet, and doubted anyone had even found Tony and Katie yet.  How could this be happening so quickly.  What the hell was going on?  He settled back in his seat.
When they got to the precinct they walked him up the stairs and up to the front desk.  Jack couldn't help himself.  He pleaded with the desk sergeant.  
"Help me, these to men just hijacked me and planted drugs on me.  Help me these guys are crooked."  
The desk sergeant looked up unamused.  
"How much did he have?"  
The driver responded.  "Four pounds.  It was a clean bust."  
The desk sergeant went to his log book and began writing.  He took possession of the four pounds of coke and began processing the chain of custody.
"Have a nice day."  
The detectives led Jack up to the second floor to book him.  They didn't see the desk sergeant pick up the phone and begin dialing.
They sat him down at a desk and got themselves some coffee.  Detective Kiernan settled in at the desk computer and began questioning Jack.  Just the basics, name address, social security number, age, weight, height etc.  Jack decided it was best to play along.  It was all rather civil.  Jack felt comfortable enough to ask them to get in touch with Jim Ward the newly made detective.  They agreed to that easily enough.  Detective Slattery said Jim would be in within the hour.  They offered him a telephone call, but he decided to wait until after he spoke to Jim.  Then they transferred him to a holding cell.  At least he was in there alone.  Almost a half an hour went by before anyone returned.  
An officer escorted a tall heavyset man in a suit into the holding area then walked out.  He spoke to Jack through the bars of his cell.  
"I'm Robert Givens.  I'm a criminal attorney; I heard you might need some help."
Jack responded with exasperation, 
"You could say that."  
"Well I am here to help.  Can you tell me what happened?"  
Jack related the events of the morning to him and he listened intently.  His demeanor left Jack a little hopeful.  
"What have you told them?"  
"Nothing!  They didn't ask anything!  They know it's a setup.  They know I don't know anything about anything.  Why would they question me?"
George Givens placated him.  
"It sounds like a classic setup.  Any idea why someone would do this to you?"  
"NO!  Look, I've never been an angel, but this is waaay past me.  Maybe I pissed someone off, and they gave my name to the detectives, but I swear I never had anything to do with this.  I never even dealt, not even a joint.  I've never even seen that much coke!"  
"Okay.  I'm going to tell you something.  I can make this go away, but it's not going to be cheap.  Do you have resources?"  
"You mean money, yeah, I have a few thousand."  
"It'll be more than a few.  If you want this to go completely away it will be thirty thousand, ten up front, cash.  Can you do that?"  
Jack considered the money he got from Scallin.  
"Yeah, I can make that happen.  But that will clean me out.  Is that number solid?"  
Givens assured him, 
"It will be very close.  Here is my card."  
He handed his card through the bars.  Have someone bring the money by my office tomorrow morning.  My receptionist will take it."  
"You seem pretty sure of yourself.  Are you sure you can make this go away?"  
"I have dealt with these problems before."  
"How long will this take?"  
"Not more than a few weeks.  Hopefully sooner.  Unfortunately you will have to remain in custody due to the quantity they caught you with.  You just keep yourself together, hold on, and let me do my job.  You'll be arraigned tomorrow morning.  Make sure I have the money first thing."  
"Okay, I might be able to get it to you today.  Can you get me my phone call now?"  
"Sure thing."  With that Robert Givens was out the door.
The officer came back in and took Jack to a desk to use the phone.  He called Linda and asked her to get the money out of the bank today, 10k cash, and a check for 20k and bring it to the lawyers office.  She agreed.  She never even asked what he was arrested for.
Back in the cell, Jack paced for a while before Jim showed up.  
"Hey convict."  
"Oh, you think this is funny do you?"  
"A little, yes."  
"Well I am not amused.  What do you know about this?"  
"Just what the detectives told me.  You were caught with four pounds of high grade coke.  I see you didn't waste any time spending your money."  
"That's not funny, I don't even touch the stuff anymore, certainly not four pounds of it."  
"So what? You were trying to roll it over, make a profit?"  
"No!  It was a setup, straight up.  I open my door and they throw two bags at me and slap on the cuffs.  What is that shit?"  
"Well, I don't know about any of that . . "   
"Jim, you know me, I'd tell you if this was the real deal, this is bogus all the way."  
"Okay, let's say it is.  Do you have a lawyer?"  
"Some guy named Givens.  He just walked in a few minutes before you."  
"Good.  He's a good lawyer.  We hate him, but that's because he's good."  
"He told me he can get me off."  
"Just like that?"  
"Just like that.  Says he's done it before."  
"He has, I'd stick with him.  How much did he hit you for?"  
"Thirty Thou, ten in cash.  Linda is getting it together for me."  
"That sounds good.  Look, I'll talk to the detectives.  I'm going to have them put you down as suicidal.  That way you'll be kept out of the general population.  But that's all I can do for you right now.  You just hang in there."  
"Yeah, that's what they keep telling me."  
"You'll be okay.  Give it some time.  I'll do whatever I can to try and keep you safe.  Just hang in there."  
"Thanks Jim."  
Jim walked out to the detective's room.  But he had a different conversation with them.
There were no more visits.  A few more guys were brought in, and some pretty pathetic meals came through.  But nothing else developed.  Jack just sat and rotted the time away.



II

Shuttered Room

As Jack paced in his cell, Maria Chavez finished cleaning suite D-109 aboard the Ocean Maiden.  At 12:42 she opened the door to the Tiara suite.
It was 1:30 by the time the NYPD detectives arrived at the scene.  The Susan Miller had a water barge secured alongside the fuel barge that was lightering bunkers to the ship.  Detectives Martin Green and Keith Jordan assessed the scene.  Once the identity of Tony Scarlucci was discovered, the Organized Crime Task Force was called in.  OCT promptly notified the Feds, and locked down the ship.  Inspector John Kelly of the F.B.I. assumed control of the investigation.  He had a bad feeling about a mob son being hit.  It was unheard of for an acting boss to have family taken out.  He hoped this was the simple overdose it was reported to be.  He'd have to wait on the lab results for that.  For now, he would have to treat it as a crime scene.  The entire room would have to be printed, and photographed.  Statements were taken from everyone who was in contact with the couple.  Fortunately that was a short list.  They had not been out of their room except for dinner.  Kelly examined the bodies himself.  It appeared to be an overdose.  There were no wounds, no puncture marks or any other telltale signs of foul play.  What he didn't know was that there were no burn marks because the victims were wet when they were electrocuted.  All of the passengers were long gone, Kelly had the crew give him a list of the occupants of adjoining rooms.  He would find nothing there.  Most didn't even notice the lights dim at 7:21 the previous evening.  If it weren't for the lack of cocaine in their systems, and the hemorrhaging in their eyes, it would have been the perfect murder.  
To Inspector Kelly, it was not perfect.  They eyes meant that there was trauma.  Some force killed these two people.  Lacking any bruises, it had to be electrocution.  Kelly ordered the water to be sampled, and the tub to be dismantled.  When they drained the tub, the water fell directly into the steering room.  The high water alarm lit off on the bridge.  The crew did not associate it with the investigation and sent an engineer to investigate it.  He would find the soapy water and the removed insulation in the bilge and discover the disconnected plumbing.  Kelly had the tub completely removed.  The team would find no inconsistencies except for the burn marks on the overflow, the drain, the handle and the junction box.  Kelly had his answers.  In less than two hours of investigation, all of Jack's work was undone.  
Kelly would have the information leaked to the press, and let Joey Scarlucci's men inform him.



II

Detectives Slattery and Kiernan were busy at their desks copying the DD50 report for the DA's office.  Today they were doing things a little differently.  They made two copies of everything so that the DA could directly hand over the file to the defense attorney, apparently Mr. Givens.  Normally a paralegal in the DA's office would do that.  Slattery copied their logbooks and Xeroxed the reports while Kiernan printed out the photographic evidence from the surveillance.  Normally the sim card from the camera would be passed on to the DA.  Information in this investigation was being carefully filtered.  The fact was that there was no surveillance.  They were merely using the pictures they took of Jack with Roger the night of the wake, at Roger's house.  The logbooks would be entered as evidence that the pictures were taken the night before the arrest, and that is how they knew Jack was holding.  The report stated that the photographs were taken from Tim's back stoop through the adjacent backyards.  There were no pictures of Jack entering or exiting the house, but plenty of them showing Jack and Roger inside the house together.  Under scrutiny however, the pictures would never hold up.  Detective Kiernan had been forced to crop the photos so that the time and date stamps were removed.  The report indicated that Roger was still under surveillance.  They were hoping to turn Jack and have him testify against Roger, and begin to unravel the drug connections.  Givens would expect them to cut a deal for the information.  No such deal would ever be made, or even entertained.  The DA would have the two copies of the complete file before the arraignment tomorrow morning.  They would not pass the information on to Givens for at least three days.
Givens was already starting to turn the wheels to his own case.  He called his private investigator Dominic Drake.
"Dom, I have another one in the mill."
"Always glad to serve counselor."
"Do you still have friends in the Lab?"
"Solid as a rock.  They've been quite happy with the arrangement."
"Good.  We'll be needing them.  My source tells me it's two ziplocks, quart sized."
"I'll leave an envelope under your windshield wiper."
"I'll be at Styvesant the rest of the day, my car is down by the jury pool."
Givens went on about his day.  Drake went to the local supermarket and bought a pack of quart sized ziplock bags and a five pound bag of flour.  Back in his car he put on his surgical gloves and opened the pack.  He placed two of the bags inside of a third one.  Then he put them all inside a large manila envelope.  He would drop that off on Givens windshield completely unmarked.



IV

Opinions

Wednesday Morning Jack and the other prisoners were transferred to the courthouse and kept in the holding cell there.  It was crowded, but thankfully quiet.  Jack passed the time trying to listen to what was going on in the court room above him.  Eventually they called Jack's name and brought him up to the courtroom.  Givens was there and told him to just keep quiet and let him do the talking.  Givens reached toward him under the table.  He held out a plastic ziplock bag with two other ziplocks inside.  
"Here, take a hold of the baggies inside.  I need your prints on them."  
Jack did as instructed and Givens returned the bags to a large manila envelope.  He entered a not guilty plea but couldn't get Jack released because of the quantity of drugs.  Givens asked for a speedy trial to clear his client and return him to his former life.  The D.A. had no objections.  Trial was set for the next week.  Unfortunately, Jack was heading to Riker's Island.  Swell.
Givens went to lunch at the corner deli.  While meeting with his investigator he passed on the manila envelope.  From there the envelope would have an active afternoon.  Drake took it to his car and added two mailing envelopes filled with bills to it.  The eighteen thousand dollars were the lab's cut from the last sale.  He then put the envelope into a doubled plastic shopping bag alongside the five pound bag of flour.  He drove to South Avenue and parked outside the Sunshine Deli.  He waited over an hour for Fran Collins to arrive.  She went directly into the deli.  Dominic followed her in.  Fran was wearing her lab coat as usual, but you noticed the shoulder length brown hair and oversized glasses accenting her exceptional hazel eyes.  She ordered her pastrami on rye and got herself an iced tea from the refrigerator.  Dominic passed by her and got a ham and Swiss with mustard on a Kaiser roll.  He too got an iced tea.  They were rung up side by side at the counter.  Dominic left with a pastrami on rye, and Fran left with ham and cheese and eighteen thousand dollars.
Back at the lab, Fran's lunch would be inspected by Jeff Yost of the NYPD.  He would remove one of the envelopes stuffed full of bills.  Inside the lab, Fran would remove the flour and ziplocks and measure out two bags, exactly two pounds each of bleached flour.  She would then document the prints on the bags and subject the flour to chemical testing.  Frannie dutifully filled out her TS 45 forms and called the office of the District Attorney to alert them to the negative test results.  She would leave that evening with three and a half pounds of pure cocaine and two GPS tracking devices weighing four ounces each. 



V

Jack was kept in solitary confinement because of the suicide charge, and because the DA posted him as a potential witness for future testimony.  Jack knew nothing about this either.
Everything outside his cell progressed nicely.  Givens got his twenty thousand, the judge would get his campaign funded to the tune of ten thousand untraceable, cash dollars, and the lab rats get their cut from the sale of the cocaine  Now Givens just waited for the discovery files and to hear the lab results from some ADA.  As soon as he got them he would file his motion to dismiss.  It was Friday afternoon before he received the files, and after four when he was notified about the test results.  Jack would sit in jail for the weekend.

VI
One Thing Leads to Another

Thursday morning Inspector Kelly started a regimented day.  He took his morning Lipitor and found his favorite running sneakers.  His five mile jog was taking longer these last few years.  Since the arrival of his two children, and his promotion to the Organized Crime sector of the Bureau, he had added five pounds, and significantly slowed his once hectic pace.  He had begun to favor it.  He let his mind begin to shape the day as he jogged on.  His mentor back in his rookie year was Tommy Bergen.  Three years from retirement, Tommy had struggled to slow the kid down.  He often preached about patience and waiting for the case to come to them.  He always approached a case by degrees.  By necessity you started at a ninety degree angle.  Perpendicular to the facts, obtuse to the players.  You had to align yourself with the investigation.  It was the only way to get inside the situation.  You had to be inside.  It was the only way to discern fact from fiction.  That was Kelly's first problem.  The facts.  The facts didn't line up with the initial  thoughts.  The first instinct was to assume the Scarlucci murder was a power play within the mob.  Someone was going after Joey Scarlucci and they wanted Tony out of the way.  That was too easy, and it didn't fit.  Family was never hit first.  They always went for the head shot first.  First Joey, then Tony.  Maybe Joey wasn't supposed to make it back from Italy.  Not likely, they still would have waited for confirmation.  No, Tony was the target.  But that left only one likely scenario.  Tony was going to make a play on his father, and his father had to take him out.  That was the only way this made sense.  But it was a tough fit.  Tony was not yet a major player.  He was made.  That was known.  He made his bones on Eric Bello during the carting business wars.  Bello's remains were found inside a compacted Buick.  He had to be identified by DNA.  But Tony was nowhere near to takeover status.  He handled the vending machine operations in Brooklyn and Staten Island, and supposedly had control over one strip club on the south shore of Staten Island.  Maybe that is where the girl came from.  She was collateral damage, Kelly was reasonably sure of that.  
Kelly jogged on as he accumulated his questions.  Was there turbulence in the family?  Was Tony moving up too fast?  Why wasn't this a straight up shooting. Why did it lack the trademarks of a mob hit?  It wasn't bloody, and it wasn't public.  Who would carry out a hit like this?  Why was it done like this.  It was almost a sympathetic hit in the mob world.  They didn't do business like this.  They liked to send a message when they hit someone.  Was it a mob hit?  That stopped John Kelly in his tracks.  Was it?  More importantly what if it wasn't?  What would that mean?  He felt that mental 'click' in his head.  A piece was just put into place.  He would walk the rest of the way home mulling over those possibilities and rearranging his schedule for the day.  
Kelly would spend the morning spit-balling with the other investigators on the case.  Only Murphy found any credibility in John's theory.  Most of the opposition came from the lack of any conclusions, and common sense.  If a mobster was hit, it was a mob hit.  Period.  They spent the rest of the morning going over the assignments for the day's surveillance.  Most of the team would be on Tony's wake in Brooklyn.  The rest would be watching Joey Scarlucci's home, hoping a meeting would go down.  Kelly begged off of both assignments.  He was going to Katie Brown's wake.  He called it following a hunch.  The rest of the team called it fucking off.
At 2:45 on a clear Thursday afternoon, John Kelly parked in front of the Harmon Funeral Home on Forest Avenue on Staten Island's North Shore.  He waited outside for half an hour waiting to see if any interesting characters went in.  Barely anyone did.  He made his way inside.  He was surprised to see the mass of people on the inside given he didn't see many people arrive.  As he wandered the hallways he found out why.  There was a large parking lot in the rear and most people were coming in from there.  There were only two funerals going on.  The McCarthy service was for an elderly woman, she drew most of the attention.  The double doors with 'Brown' on the stanchion next to them was much more accessible.  He approached cautiously.  Business first, he signed the registry at the door, and scanned it for vowels.  There wasn't much to look over.  Inside the room he found an older group of people than he expected.  He had forgotten the daytime hours usually brought out the seniors.  He took a seat in the fourth row and read the prayer card.  He scanned the room with his peripherals and assessed the attendees.  The middle aged woman in the front row center must be the mother.  Three seats away was a middle aged man.  Kelly figured this was the dad, probably estranged.  He wouldn't be much help.  There was an elderly woman next to him, possibly the decedent's grandmother.  A priest sat with the mother.  He was a heavyset Jovial type.  He seemed strained to be at a funeral.  He was clearly more the wedding type.  Mourning did not suit him.  John Kelly had bigger fish to fry, he had wasted enough time.  He had to get done what he came here for.  He eased out of his chair and approached the casket.  Kneeling down he offered up a Hail Mary, and an Our Father.  It was all he knew.  He used to know the apostles creed, but that was long lost to his high school memories.  He blessed himself as he rose from the casket.  He turned immediately to the mother.
"Mrs. Brown?"
"Yes.  Did you know Kate?"
"No, I am afraid not.  Do you have a few minutes to talk?"
He put out his hand to help her from her seat.  They walked past her ex-husband and his mother.
"How can I help you?"
"Ma'am, I am with the FBI.  I am investigating your daughter's case."
"Then shouldn't you be looking at Tony's family?"
"Yes, we have people there.  I just like to cover all of my bases.  We don't have to talk now, but I would like to speak to you soon."
"Now is fine."
"I'll be brief.  We have no reason to suspect anything on this side of the investigation, but like I said, I like to cover my bases.  Could you do me a favor?"
Kelly pulls his hand from his suit pocket and presents her with his card.
"I need you to let me know if anything strikes you as unusual in the next few days."
"What do you mean?"
"Anything that catches your attention, someone being overly emotional, or not emotional enough.  Someone unexpected showing up, or someone expected not showing up.  Any errant statements of odd occurrences.  If it seems out of place, it matters, please let me know."
"I guess, I guess I could do that."
"Have you noticed anything odd so far?"
"No, nothing, it just began."
"Well, my condolences Mrs. Brown.  You have my deepest sympathies."
"Thank you."
"Please call me even if there is nothing to report, I still have a few questions."
"Yes sir, Officer, Kelly."
"Inspector ma'am, in the Bureau we are inspectors."
"Yes, of course."
With that Kelly shook her hand and made his way out the double doors.  He was at the Scarlucci wake for the evening viewing.



VII

Monday morning finally came and Jack was transferred to the courthouse again.  He had a suit waiting for him in the cell.  Linda and Jim were in the audience.  Jack barely warmed his chair.  As soon at the trial was to start Givens moved for dismissal of all charges based on the lack of evidence.  The D.A. conceded the lab results but asked for a continuance.  They submitted that the evidence had been tampered with and that the bags in the photo did not match the bags currently being submitted as evidence.  They wanted to investigate further.   Givens argued that his client prints were indeed on the evidence and that all the D.A. did have, was proof of his clients innocence.  The judge ruled against the continuance and dismissed all charges with prejudice and gave the apologies of the court for this grave misunderstanding.  Jack never said a word.  He got up and shook Givens hand to thank him and Jim came through the audience.  Jack went to shake his hand and Jim slapped a handcuff over his wrist.  As he pulled Jack's arm behind him he read him his rights and informed him he was under arrest for conspiracy under the RICO statute. Givens raised an eyebrow.  
"I guess we'll be doing more business Mr. Daniels."  
"Looks like it."  
Jim had two officers lead him away and take him to a squad car to have him transferred to the precinct.
Back at the precinct Jack was returned to the holding cell where it all started.  It was an hour and a half before Jim showed up.  He brought a chair into the holding area outside the cells.
"Hey Jack."  
"Hey Jack?  Really?  You want to tell me what the fuck THIS is about."  
"That's exactly why we are here.  I have to tell you something.  While it is good news, you may not like it at first."  
"Thus the bars?"  
"Yeah, in fact that's precisely why.  Why don't you relax?  Take a deep breath and I'll explain everything."  
"This better be good."
Jim leaned forward in his chair and put his hands on his knees.  
"First off, there are no charges against you.  You are a free man, no record of anything."
"That's good."
"There are a few problems though."  Now Jim took a deep breath. 
"The setup was my doing.  You were never going to be convicted of anything.  This was a sting operation."
"A what?"
"A sting.  We knew we were losing cases we should have won.  Evidence was being tampered with regularly, too many Judges were siding against us.  The bad guys were winning too many cases.  We needed to conduct a sting to bring them out of the woodwork."
"And I was a convenient stooge?"
"I'm afraid so.  We needed someone we could control, without them knowing what was going on.  You owed me."
"You son of a BITCH!  You know what you just put me through?"
"We made it as fast and as easy as possible.  In fact we wanted to rush things so that they would trip up, and they did."
"So glad I could help!"
"Don't get too flip Jack.  Remember, I know a few things you've done.  By the way Katie and Tony Scarlucci turned up dead the day we arrested you.  I don't suppose you know anything about that?"
Jack looked away.  
"No I wouldn't know anything about that."
"Right.  So let's not act so innocent.  You want us to look away in our investigations, we needed a favor too."
"At least I kept you in the loop."
"A necessary evil, totally unavoidable.  Sorry about that.  But there's more."
"Oh goodie, do tell."
We just arrested Givens, his investigator and two guys from the lab.  We had a homing device in the coke bags.  We expect them to turn on each other, and add to the list, hopefully a few judges will be named.  If they should clam up, we'll need you to testify."
"Swell, more enemies."
"Well funny you should mention that.  You are on a lot of lists now.  You have lawyers, judges and cops all hating you right now.  You have a lot of enemies in the system.  And . .  . . there is also Joey Scarlucci.  Word is, he has your name or will soon.  You got to leave town.  How would you feel about witness protection?"
"And what?  Go bag groceries in Arizona?  I don't think so.  Besides, I didn't witness anything, just Givens and the ziplocks.  Oh and the payment plan to the Bar association."
"Well we need a statement about that, at least.  Then you can fly.  And here, this is your file from the case.  Given's won't be needing it anymore."
Jim passed him an expandable folder about three inches thick through the bars.
"Keep it you just might need it someday, it should all be purged though."
"Just keep in touch with me, or Linda.”
"Yeah, what about her?"
"She knew about it, but only very limited knowledge.  She has some news for you too.  Very good news."
"Swell."
Jack gave his statement and high tailed it out of the precinct. 



VIII

John Kelly was at his desk going over the photographic evidence from the Scarlucci wake and funeral.  There was a parade of wise guys throughout both.  Paying respect was big in the mob.  There were too many people, and members from every family showed up.  There were four flower cars in the procession.  Murphy called across the room,
"Johnny, line three.  A Mrs. Brown."
"Thanks Murph."
He dropped the file in his hand and picked up the receiver punching the button for line three.
"John Kelly."
"Hello?  Yes, this is Mrs. Brown.  We met the other day."
"Yes Mrs. Brown, How are you?"
"I'm fine.  You asked that I call."
"Yes, of course.  I'll keep this brief."
"How can I help you?"
"I was wondering about your daughter.  We don't know much about her.  Did she work for Tony?"
"Oh no!  They met at a wedding.  Kate was a bridesmaid."
"I see."
"You asked if I noticed anything unusual?"
"Yes.  Did you?"
"A few minor things, but only one stood out."
And what was that?"
"An ex-boyfriend of Kate's never showed up.  Neither did his friends or family"
"That's peculiar?"
"For Jack it is.  They were on and off for years.  I know they were in touch recently.  He had just lost his best friend and she went to see him.  He should have been there."
"What's his name?"
"Joe, Joseph Danning, but they call him Jack."
"And you are sure they were in touch recently?"
"Just a week ago.  And I have another concern . . . . ."
"Go ahead ma'am."
"He works on boats."
"Is that so?"
"Well he's a welder, he works on anything, but I know he does work on boats too."
"Well, that's certainly interesting."



IX

Jack took a cab to the Narrows Bar.  Linda was waiting for him.  She was at a table in the corner, she had her bag on the chair next to her, and a pitcher of beer with two glasses in front of her.  Jack leaned over and kissed her on the cheek.  
"Thanks for your help."  
" De nada Jacko."  
He sat down across from her.  
"Jim tells me you have some good news."  
"And bad news, but I guess he left that out."  
Jack downed half a glass of the beer.  
"Give it to me."  
Linda shifted in her chair.  
"Well the good news is way better than the bad news."  
Jack just looked away almost disinterested.  
"That guy, Scallin?  It turns out he transferred a lot more money into your account.  A LOT more."  
"I assume that's the good news."  
"Well, good and bad.  He made it traceable.  We think Joey Scarlucci knows who you are, or will soon."  
"That being the bad news?  Jim already told me that.  He seems to think I need to leave town."  
"I'd say so.  But you'll have a nice bankroll to do it with."  
"How much is that?"  
"I thought you'd never ask.  6.7 million."  
"But it's all been traced."  
"Been traced to you, Scarlucci might have gotten your name, but not the money."  
"But the money will go away, inevitably someone will trace it and get it back."  
"Not so.  Your best girl already took care of that."  
"How's that?"  
"I had a guy from work help me.  We converted the money to bearer bonds and walked across the street and opened a new account.  The trail dead ends at the bond purchase."  
"Nice."  
"I had to open the account in my name, so I still have to switch it to your account.  You need to open a new one."  
"Wow.  So I really have that money?"  
"Free and clear."  
"You take the point seven, I'll take the six.  I have some plans for it."  
"Of course you do.  Care to share?"  
Now Jack shifted in his chair.  
"First I figure I'll go to New Orleans.  Seems like the best place to disappear."
"Good choice."  
"Then maybe I'll look up Mack down in Texas.  We should be able to make something happen down there."  
"And live happily ever after?"  
Jack lifted his glass, 
"Let's hope so.  You certainly gave me a leg up."  
Linda raised her glass, 
"To serve and protect."  
Jack finished his beer and looked across the street at the bank.  
"Maybe I better get that account opened."  
Linda dug into her bag and pulled out a ziplock bag full of papers.  
"Here, Use these, speak to Nick, he's the manager.  He's expecting you."  
Jack opened the bag.  It was Tim's documents.  His driver's license social security card and birth certificate.  
"The picture won't be a problem?"  
"Nick's expecting you.  I'll transfer the money now, let's go."




BOOK IV


REACH THE BEACH


I

Roger And Out

Jack entered his apartment for the last time.  First he took a long shower, a very long shower.  He remembered the cold water showers at Riker's, and wouldn't leave until the hot water ran out.  He wanted desperately to lie down and sleep for a week.  He went to the closet.  He took the folder out of the corner.  He quickly reduced the pile to the essentials.  His own birth certificate, and social security card and the title for the bike.  He placed them in the card case with his bike registration and insurance.  He had entrusted his criminal file to Linda.  He rolled up two pair of jeans, four pair of underwear, four pair of socks and four long sleeved shirts.  He put on a pair of long johns and pulled a pair of wool socks over the cuffs.  He sat down with a glass of iced tea, and made a few calls.  He informed Paul that he was on his own with the shop.  The business was his, along with the bills and the payments to Walter.  Linda would help with the paperwork.  He thought of calling his mother, but decided a visit was in order.  A quick call to his brother, his landlord and Mickey to say goodbye.  A few apologies were made, but no information was given.  Jack couldn't afford to have anyone know his destination.  He packed up the bike and checked his new debit card.  He put the FWE card right behind it.  He packed up the bike and left the key to the apartment on the counter.
Jack stopped at his mother's and said his goodbyes.  He promised he would stop back from time to time, and maybe be back for good someday.  He knew he was lying.  His last stop on the Island was the roadhouse for a clam pie.  He knew it would be a long time before he had a taste of that again.  Jane was there again.  Jack was at his most polite.  He was truly smitten with her beauty.  A glass of beer and six slices later, Jack left the island for points South.
Jack took the turnpike South, he stayed in a roadside motel the first of many nights.  The second day he bought a disposable phone.  He kept the old one for incoming calls and the phone book.  He would take Rte 76 out to 81 and cut diagonally across the southern states.  He wasn't sure he was in the South until, in Tennessee, he noticed the civil war cannons on peoples front lawns.  They were all facing North.  Toto wasn't in Kansas anymore.  Rte 81 Turned into 59 at Chattanooga Tennessee.  That took him right into New Orleans on Wednesday.  He went straight for Bourbon Street, and stopped at the first bar he could find.  He ordered a Jack Daniels and Ginger ale.  The waitress gave him a funny look.  They weren't used to cutting their bourbon around here.  Jack told her she should try it sometime.  He spent the night at an overpriced hotel right on Bourbon Street.



II

Running

Inspector Kelly of the FBI kept himself busy during Jacks trek Southward.  The investigation into the cruise liner hit was turning up nothing on the mafia side of things.  There was no evidence of them, no history of that type of hit, and all of their contacts insisted it was not a sanctioned hit.  Murphy and Kelly were pursuing the outside possibilities.  Mr. Joe Danning had clearly become the person of interest.  He was possibly a jealous ex-lover, and his recent history was littered with bodies.  His best friend was murdered, that murderer had confessed and was poisoned himself.  Katie and Tony were killed, and one of his customers had recently been killed in an arson, just a few blocks from his shop.  This guy stunk to high heaven, and Kelly was beginning to lock his jaws onto his case.
Kelly's main problem was that he could not find him.  His last known address was vacant, his business had been abandoned to his assistant and his last known whereabouts was in custody the week after the Brown-Scarlucci murders.  Kelly had requested a copy of that file from the D.A.'s office in Staten Island.  It arrived while Jack was staying in Tennessee.  That had been disheartening.  The file had Mr. Danning under police surveillance the night the ship left dock and in custody the next morning.  It was an airtight alibi, but Kelly could not let that be the end.  This guy's stench was too rich.  The bodies were only linked to him.  All roads crossed at his doorstep.  If Joe Danning hadn't killed Kate and Tony, he certainly knew something about it.  He had to.  The case against Danning had been dismissed, and there were several arrests from his defense team.  The D.A confirmed that it was a sting operation and that Danning had been cooperating with the police.  He was referred to Detective Jim Ward.  Kelly gave him a call.
"Homicide, Detective Ward speaking."
"Yes, this is inspector Kelly with 
the F.B.I.  Do you have a few minutes to discuss a case?" 
"Certainly, how can I help?"
"I am looking into a person of interest, a Joe Danning, a.k.a. Jack."
"Yes, we just finished up with him."
"The D.A. tells me he was cooperating with you.  Is that true?"
"Well, sort of, yes."
"Sort of?"
"Well, he cooperated, but he was somewhat of an unwitting participant."
"How do you mean?"	
"Well, he was drafted.  He didn't know anything until it was over.  Of course then he gave his full cooperation.  What's this in regard to?"
"I am investigating a double murder, and his name keeps coming up.  How did you come across him?"
"Oh.  Well we kind of stumbled upon him during another case.  We were investigating another murder and he became a person of interest to us.  He was cleared, but he had some tenuous drug connections, and I am personally familiar with him.  We decided he would fit our plan perfectly.  He actually did very well."
"You know him personally?"
"Loosely.  Friends of friend from back in high school."
"And he came up clean you say?"
"Yes, in fact he helped us with that investigation."
"How so?  What was that investigation about?"
"It turned out to be pretty high profile.  Our perp was involved in the Free World Elections, maybe you've heard of it?  We broke the murder and exposed the conspiracy at the same time.  In fact I was the arresting officer, it got me my detectives shield."
"And he helped you in that case?  Exactly how did he do that?"
Jim was not prepared for that question.
"We were chasing the victims brother.  Jack brought us a clue that led us to the perp.  By the time I caught up to him, he was ready to confess, and did so, completely.  We would have still been chasing Roger, the victim's brother if it wasn't for Jack."
That was twice that Ward had referred to Danning by his alias.  Kelly suspected that the connection might be a little too cozy.
"So you rewarded his contribution by throwing him into your sting operation?"
"Well, like I said, he was a good fit, and had already cooperated with us on one case."
"I see.  Do you know where I can find him?  I have some questions for him?"
"No.  I'm afraid not.  We lost interest after the last case."
"Well he is only a person of interest.  According to his file you had him under surveillance and in custody during my timeframe.  I was just hoping he might know something."
"Sorry I can't help you.  We took his statement, and our perps are already copping pleas in our case.  We're done with him.  Have you tried his last known address and his shop?"
"Yeah, we came up empty on both."
"Yeah, I'm sorry, but we just haven't had any need for him.  We let him go."
'Let him go.'  Kelly wondered about that.
"Okay, well thanks for your time."
"Any time inspector, have a nice day, and good luck."
"Thank you."  They hung up.
Kelly now had more questions than answers.  He now knew Jack knew about Scallin before the police did, and that Scallin had ultimately been killed, poisoned.  He only died after confessing.  He knew the police had "Let him go."  That was disturbing on several levels.  As a point of fact, how could they loose touch with him?  They had an active case involving him.  But had they also turned a blind eye?  Had they let him get away with something, possibly the murder of Scallin?  Did he get a free pass on that?  Is that how Detective Ward got his shield?  This was beginning to stink from an entirely new angle.
III

Joey Scarlucci had not been resting much either.  This punk Joe Danning had crossed him in so many ways.  He murdered his son, he took Scarlucci's money from the Free World Elections, Murdered Scallin, and worse than all of that, he still had the master card for the back door.  Joey Scarlucci was putting quite a bit of time into finding Mr. Danning.  He had already had his apartment and shop tossed, they came up with nothing.  He had no way of telling if Danning had used the back door since Mr. Scallin's demise.  He didn't even know if it worked anymore.  The system was going forward without him, and he couldn't stand it.  All he knew was that Joseph Danning, a.k.a. Jack was out there somewhere with a lot of his money and his card.  He had considered a scorched earth approach, burning down everyone and everything Jack ever touched, but was keeping that as a last resort.  For now he put all five families on notice.  He wanted Mr. Danning and he wanted him alive.  Only Jack knew if the card still worked.  Scarlucci only knew that Scallin had the program written on that card, and that the conspiracy he exposed was a red herring.  Only Jack could get his money back, and only Jack would pay for the death of Tony.  He needed Jack, and he needed him back now.  He put out the word as far and wide as he could reach.  Wise guys and 'wannabees' from coast to coast knew Jack Danning's name.  Many had a picture to go along with it.  Word was spread particularly deep into L.A. and Miami.  If you won the lottery where would you go?  It was also spread through Atlanta where Mackenzie Trucking was based.  It also was being pushed in Arizona and New Orleans, two common hiding grounds.



IV

Thursday Jack bought a local map and scoped out the waterfront.  Workboats dominated the setting, that and so much wasteland.  There were swamps everywhere.  Most of the waterfront was off limits.  Shipyards took up every available deepwater spot, and even the mud banks were polluted with workboats.  Jack finally found a public Marina.  It held everything from single-mast skiffs to multimillion dollar corporate yachts.  There was a motel about a quarter mile down the road on the opposite side.  Jack found his new home.  There were no pretty concierges at this hotel, only an elderly lady behind the counter.  Her husband did the maintenance and a Mexican woman did the housekeeping.  Jack informed her he would be staying a while.  They took an imprint of the debit card in Tim's name.  
The second day, Jack asked the husband, an old man named Huck, where he could find a motorcycle dealership and a scrap yard.  Huck referred him to the yellow pages.  Things were a little simpler down here.  First Jack located a Harley Davidson dealer.  It was located outside of New Orleans on the West side.  Then Jack found a scrap yard near that.  He took everything off the bike, even the two decals of the mud flap girl he had on the oil covers.  He put the title to the bike in his back pocket.  He drove to the Harley dealer first.  He felt it was time for him to go ahead and join the Americana tribe and get himself a nice Fatboy.  The only one they had was three years old, but was in mint condition.  Jack had them change the mirrors, grips, and saddlebags.  He gave them Tim's license and his debit card.  While they processed the transaction, Jack made some small talk with the mechanic.  He could barely understand him thanks to the accent, but thankfully Jack was getting used to it.  When the transaction was done, they began setting up the bike.  It would be at least an hour.  Jack asked them for the number of a car service company.  He took the card with him and headed for the scrap yard.
The ride over to the scrap yard was pleasant enough.  At the gate, Jack called for a cab to meet him there.  The yard itself was fairly typical, for the South.  Aside from the usual assortment of cars, there were also four or five boat hulls, depending on your definition of a boat.  There were also three cranes on the property.  One of them had been stripped for parts.  Jack was unsure if the other two functioned.  In between was just what Jack was looking for, a compactor.  The heavy duty car crusher was vacant, but looked functional.  As soon as he turned onto the property a small mix breed dog ran around from the back of a building and began to nip at his tires.  It looked like some type of Border Collie mix.  No one followed the dog into the yard.  Jack had to find a piece of metal plate to rest his kickstand on.  There were two trailers and an old white house set further back.  The first trailer had a set of wooden steps that looked to be at least thirty years old and as likely to collapse as not.  He stepped up to the door and rapped on the small pane of glass.  It looked dark inside.  When no one answered he headed to the second trailer.   That one didn't even have stairs.  He just rapped on the door.  With no response, it looked like he might have to find another yard.  After wandering around a while Jack headed back for his bike.  As he lit a cigarette, a man of about thirty walked out from behind the house.  His hair was slick with oil and he walked like he had a nail in his shoe.  
"Shoulda honked so'd I known you was here."  
"I didn’t want to disturb."  
"What ken I do yer for?"  
Jack thumbed over his shoulder, 
"I need that crushed."  
"She run?  I'll give ya five hunderd for it."  
"No thanks, I need it crushed."  
"Suit yerself, but sure seems a waste."  
"My brother was killed over it.  I want it gone."  
"Oh, I see.  I'll need the title."  
Jack pulled it out of his pocket and handed it to the man.    He took notice of the New York title.  "Okay, cost ya fifty bucks to run the machine."  Jack paid him in cash.  
"Suppose you want to see it?"  
"Yes please."  
Jack walked the bike over to the crusher and the man pushed it in, literally, just kicked it over right into the pit.  Five minutes later jack was outside waiting for his ride.  Jack Danning was dead.  The bike was the last trace of him.  Half an hour later he was back at the Harley dealer.  He went right to the rear driveway and met up with the mechanic who was installing the new grips.  Jack made some small talk, but eventually got around to his point.  He finally felt assured that he might be talking to the right person.
"Hey, I have a little underground work I need done.  Do you have any knowledge of such things?"  
"Depends on what yer talkin' about."  
"Well, my picture isn't on my license.  I need one with my picture on it."  
"Lemme see it."  
Jack handed him the license from his wallet.  
"Sure nuf, taint you."  
"You know where I can correct that?"  
"Motor vehicles should help you out.  Their not too tight down there, just switch to a N'Orleans license, and they'll take a new picture."  
"No questions asked?"  
"Shouldn't be a problem.  You got a permanent address yet?"  
"No, I'm staying at a hotel."  
"Just list it as an address, they don't ask too many questions.  They just want their fees."  
"You're pretty sure of this?  I can't have any problems with this."  
"Sure 'nuf.  Like I said, as long as they get their cut."  
"Thanks, I appreciate your help."  
"Taint nuthin'."  
Jack had learned quickly how far good manners got you in the South.  He tipped the mechanic, and headed out of the shop with his new Hog, and some newfound hope.  He returned to the hotel and looked up the DMV.  Thankfully, it was closer than the Harley Dealer.
Jack went to the Louisiana State DMV the next day.  He found it even easier than the mechanic implied.  They were actually anxious to help him out.  Jack left with a new license in Tim Wysnewski's name, but most importantly it had Jack's picture on it.  Now Jack had a license, a social security card, a registered bike and a hotel room, all in Tim's name.  He was starting to feel at home with it.  He did consider changing the name, maybe go straight up with Jack Daniels, but that would have to wait until he was more established.  Then Jack decided to get himself a laptop.  He signed up for a wireless air card so he could access the internet anywhere.  One more thing in Tim's name.  He took the whole setup back to his room at the motel.  Jack began to search Mackenzie businesses in the Marine Industry.  The closest thing he found wasn't in Texas, it was in Mississippi.  Mackenzie Maritime was listed as a launch service, marine pollution control and salvage company.  It listed Bill Mackenzie as the sole Proprietor.  Jack went to the website.  It showed a wide variety of boats, barges and cranes.  He clicked on the various pages, and eventually found the About Us page.  Halfway down the page Jack found the confirmation he needed. It listed Mackenzie Trucking in Atlanta and New York as associates.  It even had a link to their website.  This was it, Mack had to be there.  Jack Googled the address, it was on an inlet in the center of Gulfport Mississippi.    It was in an industrial park called Harbor Square Park.  It looked to be a well sheltered spot.  That was probably important given the amount of hurricanes that came through the area.  There was a container port as well as a few marinas and on 23rd Street was Mackenzie Marine.  Jack thought it would make a nice ride for tomorrow.  Then he began to think twice.  He had brought an awful lot of agony down on Curt Mackenzie.  He might not be all that welcome.  Now that he thought about it, he Jack Danning wasn't actually dead.  He had just left his bike and his title with someone right here in New Orleans.  That name and the VIN number could easily announce his presence down here.  The conversation with the mechanic established that he was in hiding, or at least assuming someone else's identity.  This wouldn't do.  Not at all.  It was all way too sloppy.  Jack knew he had to sew things up tighter.  He began to formulate a plan.



V

In New York John Kelly was handed a fax from DMV at his desk.  It stated that Joe Danning's bike had been scrapped at a salvage yard outside New Orleans.  Kelly checked with the credit agencies to see if he had used his credit card.  There was no activity, yet.
In New Jersey Joey Scarlucci was being notified that Jack Danning had just scrapped his bike at one of the mob controlled yards outside New Orleans.  It was confirmed to be him by one of the pictures Joey had faxed out to the families.  They were beginning to search the community to see if he popped up anywhere else.
In Staten Island, Detective Jim Ward placed a call to Linda.  He had to get word to Jack about the F.B.I investigation.  Inspector Kelly was placated by the surveillance records alibi for Jack, but he was still looking for him and was way too close to the truth.



VI

Ocean Blue

Saturday Jack walked over to the Marina.  In the main office he inquired about renting a boat long term.  He wanted to rent one for at least a month.  He was able to get a 45 foot cabin cruiser named Hilo for $2250 a month.  He used his own debit card and used his own name.  After that was done he took car service into town and bought himself a beater.  Jack picked out the cheapest ugliest car on the lot, a 1992 Ford Taurus.  He put that under his own name too.  He listed the marina as his residence.  When he got back he hid the bike behind the hotel.  He spent the next few days stocking up the boat.  Groceries, new lines, he checked and rigged the anchor and made sure all of the electronics were working.  Then he went out and bought an EPIRB and a hand held marine GPS.  It ran more than $2500, but it was worth it.  Then he purchased a used Jet Ski from another marina resident.  He used cash, and again he used his own name.  He kept the small talk to a minimum, but he couldn't get the man to stop talking about the hurricanes and how bad it had been this season.  Jack inquired what they do in the case of a hurricane.  The man told him it was best to be on board and ride it out in case anything broke loose.  The best alternative was to find safe refuge up one of the thousands of creeks that dotted the Gulf Coast.  The further off the Gulf the better.  Jack finally broke free and brought the jet ski around to the stern of his boat.  He secured it with a section of polypropylene line.  He spent all of an hour going over it.




VII

Jack spent the next few days running the boat out of the inlet and getting to know the area from the waterside.  While he was out, he took some time to mark the flotation devices on the boat with the name, HILO in big black letters.  He put it on the brand new life jacket he had bought, and the bottom of every cushion on the back deck.  His dock was on an inlet east of Eden Isle, it let him out into Lake Pontchartrain.  From there he could be out in the gulf in about an hour going under the Rte 90 bridge and through the Rigolets to Gamblers Bend and Pokey Dutch.  If he hugged the shore he could pass between Bay St Louis and Smuggler's Bay.  About twenty minutes past that was Gulfport and the Harbor Square Industrial Park.  Step by step Jack formulated and confirmed his plan. The weatherman said there was a hurricane over Puerto Rico that was tracking toward the Mobile and Pensacola Florida area.  
On Monday Inspector Kelly got word of Jack's purchases.  He had his vehicle and his new address.  He immediately expensed a ticket to New Orleans and reserved a bureau vehicle, a black Suburban.  He arrived in Louisiana at one p.m. Tuesday afternoon.  He took a room at the Inlet Motel, he didn't know it, but Tim Wysnewski was registered in the same motel.  While Kelly was watching the marina that first afternoon from the second floor of the motel, Jack was watching the black Suburban from the first floor.
It was Thursday before word filtered back to Scarlucci that Jack had purchased a car in Eden Isle.  It wasn't until Friday afternoon that they learned of the address he used.  It was a marina less than two miles away.  Joey dispatched Tommy Gilardi to recover his package.  He would arrive in Louisiana Saturday Morning.



VIII

Reach The Beach  

New Orleans would be seeing seas of six to twelve feet and winds over forty miles an hour SSE.  Jack decided it was time to start drinking. He went out to a bar restaurant and got a good healthy meal and started in with his Jack Daniels and ginger ale.
Jack spent the next two days in various stages of inebriation.  He started on a Thursday night and by noon Friday he was on a steady diet of Coronas.  After some horrible pizza he switched back to drinking Jack Daniels.  Bubba, the guy that sold him the Jet Ski invited him over to his boat for a few drinks.  Jack was happy to oblige.  As the night went on Jack started going on about how he was independently wealthy, and thanks to a little card in his wallet, the king of the world.  The few people that were listening wrote it off to Northern fantasy, and too much alcohol.  This Jack Daniels fella was off the reservation.  Around two a.m. the motion of the boats rocking in the wind was too much for him.  He stumbled back to his boat throwing up twice on the way.  He would be grateful for that later.  He threw up again once on board his own boat, thankfully he made it to the head for that.  Before he passed out he scoffed down some saltines and six aspirin.  He skipped the last cigarette of the day.
The morning found him quite rudely.  The boat was slamming against the pilings every 30-40 seconds violently jerking the boat.  Jack had difficulty finding his feet.  He pinballed his way through the boat to the bridge.  He tuned in the weather station and turned on the radar.  It wasn't really necessary.  It was raining hard and already blowing a steady 30 knots.  It was time.  He popped six more aspirin grabbed a bar of soap and stepped out on deck in his shorts.  He proceeded to shower up right on the deck in the rain.  It actually felt pretty good.  The Jet Ski was banging off the stern, so he pulled it up onto the dive platform and secured it to the stern of the boat.  After toweling off he lit up a cigarette and popped his first beer.  He pulled on his sneakers and a T shirt and fired up the rest of the electronics.  He prepared his survival pack, a ziplock bag stuffed with his wallet, the FWE card and registration for the bike, the keys, and his debit card.  He would be traveling light on this trip.  He duct taped the package to his gut with about twenty feet of tape.  He stuffed himself into the head and relieved himself before getting underway.  He returned to the bridge and started up the engines.  Bubba came sliding along the dock.  "You goin' out in this Jack?"  
"Gonna find a quiet spot and anchor up, I'm taking too much of a beating here."  "You got a place?"  
"Gonna try the other side of the Rigolets, get some shelter."  
"Alright, I think yer nuts, but as long as you're gonna stay with her you should be okay.  I'll get your lines."  
Jack raised his beer to him.  "Thanks Bubba."  
"Be safe Jack."  With that the last of his lines were let go and tossed onto the deck.  Jack collected them up and threw them inside the cabin as the boat was swept off the dock.  The boat was half turned around by the time he got back to the wheel.  He pushed off hard on the port engine to bring it around and headed out of the inlet already soaked to the skin.  From the second floor of the hotel Inspector Kelly just caught sight of the Hilo as it left the dock.  Jack turned to wave back at Bubba he was already back to his own boat and was checking his lines.  Jack returned his focus to the mouth of the inlet.  He was already getting his ass kicked.  In this weather the trip would be six to eight hours at least.  He tossed the beer overboard and lit another cigarette.  The cabin cruiser handled the seas pretty well, he got out of the inlet turning fifteen knots.  When he was clear of the last buoy he jettisoned the EPIRB the Coast Guard would use to locate the wreck, his life jacket, and all of the seat cushions from the back deck.  The life jacket had a pocket in which jack had put the last of his possessions.  Joe Danning's License and debit card along with a few business cards and a grocery store membership card.  That would be his last reported position.  The debris would wash ashore over a three mile stretch of the northeast shore of Lake Pontchartrain.
By the time he reached the Rte 90 bridge he was down to twelve knots.  He passed the Rigolets at 10:30.  It was 1:30 before he saw Gamblers Bend and Pokey Dutch.  He was dehydrated sore and hungry.  He stuffed himself with a sleeve of saltines.  It was 5:15 when he was even with smugglers cove.  He was four miles off the beach and six miles north of Smugglers cove.  He turned NNE and headed for Gulfport.  The wind and sea was on his stern now, the boat handled like it had a load in it's pants.  The stern kept trying to sink itself under the oncoming waves.  At 5:45 Jack had his last cigarette.  He was in sixty five feet of water and 8 foot seas.  He crawled along the deck like a spider in a wind tunnel.  First he let go the anchor and the hundred and fifty feet of line.  The boat heaved violently into the seas.  He opened the forward hatch and let the waves break into the cabin.  He worked his way back to the stern and opened the engine room hatch.  Then he returned to the bridge and pulled out the fuses for the bilge pumps.  The cabin was already ankle deep in water.  He was two miles off the beach.  He had long since put on his unmarked life jacket and was crabbing along the interior of the boat making sure the water was filling the hull.  It was, rapidly.
Jack took the handheld GPS and smashed it against the console.  It didn't break easily, he made double sure to destroy the screen and the battery contacts.  He continued through the boat as he was being tossed violently about.  Once he was certain of the boats fate he headed to the stern.  He disconnected the poly lines from the Jet Ski and started it up.  He strapped himself to the handlebars with a piece of the line.  He could see the lights of Gulfport harbor.  He crashed through two miles of turbulence in just under an hour.  Once he got within sight of the beach, about one hundred yards off in the pelting rain, he stopped the Jet Ski and pulled the poly lines off his arms.  He took the clamps off the engine cover and the water began to pour in.  He pulled out the floatation foam that lined the compartment and ripped the seat cushion off.  The Jet Ski sank like a rock.  Now Jack just had to ride the pounding surf into shore.
The beach was barren, he saw the lights of the harbor off to the west about a half mile.  He clawed his way ashore at 7:20 on Saturday night. He disposed of his life jacket in a dumpster behind an ice cream stand on the boardwalk.  He used a public bathroom to remove the package that was taped to his chest.  He wandered the East Beach Boulevard until he found a surf shop that was open.  He bought himself a pair of sandals and some dry clothes.  Now Jack Danning was dead.  Only Tim Wysnewski survived.  He got himself a room at a beachfront motel.  He would spend Sunday sleeping most of the day, and getting himself a huge restaurant dinner that night.


IX

Happy Landings

Monday morning Jack took a long walk down to the harbor.  Mackenzie Marine was easy to find.  He walked into the office and sat in the waiting room.
Within weeks Jack was working on his new passion.  He had convinced Mack that instead of dismantling an abandoned oil platform just 4 miles from the shore, they could develop it as real estate.  In fact it would be developed as a resort to be known as the Oasis.  Jack would turn it into a one hundred and fifty room hotel that featured a twenty foot deep pool in the old drilling well of the platform.  It had four Tiki bars, a diving platform from which you could dive over fifty feet into the ocean and a barge anchored off to the side as a sandy beach complete with volleyball.  It was built to cater to the spring break crowd, but would flourish as an adult amusement center.  The forty minute boat ride from the dock put you on the platform for the night or for a week, as long as you cared.  The containers that housed the equipment were now bungalows, laundry, security, and a three star kitchen.  The containers had been 'wrapped' in advertising vinyl depicting desert oasis and beach themes.  Jack spent his days walking the rooftops and operating the man-lift crane.  He spent his evenings dancing with a marguerite in one hand.  Linda was there for the Grand Opening.  She managed to get Jane from the roadhouse to accompany her and bring seven clam pies.  She never left.

SAVED BY ZERO

Make No Plans

The sun burned brilliantly in the Gulf.  But then the Gulf was prone to severe weather.  Today it just glowed with sunshine and a cool breeze from the Southwest.

Jack had settled into a nice life on the Oasis tower.  He kept the books, managed security, and handled day to day customer service.  But something was lacking.  Something haunted him.  It was the card.  He knew he had a unique opportunity in his hands.  He also knew it was a curse as well.  He felt a certain responsibility.  He hadn’t followed the progress of the FWE but he had a feeling he should.  He wondered how New Yorkers were handling their newfound freedom.  He doubted they were handling it well.  He had heard that a pilot program in California failed miserably.  The first thing they did was cap taxes, and slash services.  It went downhill from there.  He hadn’t heard if they righted that ship or not, but he had to watch over New York, and the FWE.  He couldn’t let the Mob Rule derail the promise of a true democracy.  It was the poison pill that everyone was waiting for.  Tax breaks for everyone, budgets slashed, services decimated.  Before long the schools, roads and crime would be out of control.  One day he sat down with the computer, and just read the news from New York City on the internet.  It was worse than he had imagined.  Police and school budgets were already under attack.  State and local taxes were on the table to be capped.  The people were slashing costs, at any cost!
Within three days, Jack had a satellite uplink, and an untraceable IP address.  By the third day he had recruited two of his sisters, and a former High School friend.  His Sister Barbara got there on Thursday.  She was a principled Conservative.  Sammy was a moderate, and Lori, Jacks’ younger sister, was a public works liberal.  She would be there by the middle of the next week.  Barbara could not stay for more than a few days at a time, but Lori and Sam would be full time.  They would be joined by Jane to make up the research team and “Fixers.”  Linda was recruited full time as well.  She would lead the local team up in New York.  She also had a secret assignment.  She had to figure out how to get this operation to make money.  Legally if possible, illegally if necessary.   They had a payroll now, they needed an income.
Jack’s next task was to locate a world class programmer.  That wouldn’t be easy.  He had no connections to that world, and needed someone he could trust absolutely.  This would be risky.  He knew one thing; his first choice would only be an agent to find the real talent.  He needed to find someone who did have the connections, then exploit them.  He did figure a good place to start, Mike McKafferty!  He was the reporter who had a team of hackers trying to break into the system.  He would be a first step.  But Jack was unsure how to approach him.  Could he use Linda, again?  No. this was too important.  He had to book a flight up to NYC.  This reminded Jack of another problem.  He had a dead man’s identity.  It was still too prominent.  He needed a new identity.  He booked a flight for Tim Wysnewski.  Jane was the only one who knew he was leaving, and she didn’t know where he was going, why or when he would be back.  She had been kept totally in the dark thus far.  That would have to change soon as well.
Friday morning Jack headed out for the airport.  He had decided to fly into Philly, and rent a car and drive up.  He bought a disposable E-Z Pass, and drove right to Mike’s Midtown office.  The drive did little to clear his mind.  He had too many things on his plate at the moment.  Jack found a parking garage, and paid the extortion to avoid a ticket.  He didn’t want to leave any kind of a trail.  He walked into the main lobby and, eyes scanning in all directions, went up to the reception counter.  There were two women at the counter.  Jack positioned himself to be attended by the friendly looking one.  As usual, that didn’t work out.  The brunette with her hair pulled tightly into a bun with a pen stuck in it and her bifocals halfway down her nose called him over.
“Next”
“Umm, yes, I am looking for Mike McKafferty.”
“Is he expecting you?”
“No, no, he isn’t.  But he’ll see me.”
“You have to have an appointment sir.  We don’t do walk-ins.”
“I am an acquaintance of his.  Tim Wysnewski.  He’ll see me.  Please just call up there.  He’ll be very disappointed if he misses me.”
“Security!”
“I don’t think you understand . . .“
“Procedure sir, you need to be searched.”  She reached for her phone and consulted her directory for Mike McKafferty’s number.
“Oh, okay.”
A security guard came over with a wand and had Jack empty his pockets.
“Mr. McKafferty will see you sir, please sign in, I will need to see some identification.”
Jack signed in and produced his new license.
“Thirty Fourth floor, see the receptionist up there, she’s expecting you.”

Jack proceeded up to the 34th floor, and through reception.  The pretty young thing at the desk delivered him to McKaffertys’ office.  Mike did not look pleased to see him.  He wasn’t.  Jack didn’t care much.
“What can I do for you, Mr. Wysnewski is it?”  He knew damn well it wasn’t Wysnewski.
”I need a reference.  I think the system has been compromised, and I need one of your hackers.  I don’t know any myself.”
“That’s it?”
“That’s it.”
“And what will I get for this?”
“My gratitude, and you remain my first contact in the press.  By the way, can I have a direct contact for you so I don’t have to go through the front desk every time?”
“No.  Tell me, is there a problem with the system?  Something I should know about?”
“No, we’re just tracking attacks, and I need someone who knows what he’s doing.”
“It’s intact then?”
“Fort Knox.  But it’s always a target.  We need to be vigilant.”
“Fair enough.  Let me see.”  Mike turned to his computer and after a minute produced three names and numbers.
“Do you have addresses? I like to get ‘eyes on’ first if possible.”
“Sure, anything else I can do for you?”  He was dripping sarcasm.
“No.  That’s it.”
Mike began scribbling down the information.
“This is the second time we’ve met without me getting your name.  The first time you did me a favor, this time I returned that favor.  Next time I want a name.”
“Understood.”  Jack knew this was the last time he would be dealing with Mike McKafferty.
“I’d go with the first guy on the list.  He’s the sharpest, and completely trustworthy.”
“Thanks, for everything.”  Jack turned and walked out of the office and was outside on the street in minutes.
Sihk Singh was the first name on the list.  His address was on the campus of the City College in Harlem.  Jack headed uptown.
Fortunately there was ample parking on the campus.  Most students and staff used the local mass transit.  Jack had to ask for directions several times, but eventually found his way to the third floor of Hamilton Hall.  Sihk’s room was 312.  Jack felt out of place.  He was dressed casually, but was clearly older than the students roaming the halls.  At room 312 he knocked, but got no answer.  There were no sounds coming from inside, not even music left on.  He tried the door.  It was locked.  Jack took a notice off of the bulletin board down the hall and scrawled a note on the back.  
“Call me.  (347) 216-0555.”  No name, no details.  He went on to the next name on the list.  He was in the Bronx, Stephen Callandra.  It didn’t sound promising.  Outside what appeared to be Stephen’s parents’ house, Jack saw a BMW with two bumper stickers.  The first read, ABBA, live on Broadway.  The second was for the Young Republicans.  Jack didn’t wait around.
On his way to the third address his phone rang.  The caller ID was blocked.
“Hello?”
“Mr. Danning?  Mr. Jack Danning?”  Jack was caught off guard.  No one knew he was alive.
“Or should I call you Tim?”  Jack still would not reply.
“This is Sihk Singh.  You contacted me.  What can I do for you?”
“This is Tim Wysnewski.  I need some assistance, you came highly recommended.”
“Mr. Danning, I don’t work for the Government, or Liars.  You have one more chance then I’m hanging up.”
“Okay, okay, but not on the phone.  Where can I meet you?”
“Where are you?”
“I’m in the Bronx.”
“You’re Southbound on the Brukner.  You can be at 125th and West St in 25 minutes.  I’ll be at the Hotdog vendor.  You’ll have ten minutes of my time.”  The line went dead.  Jack was both scared and excited at the same time.  How could Sihk have uncovered his identity so quickly.  And what else was he capable of doing!  Jack was at the corner of 125th and West street eating four hotdogs five minutes early.
 He was approached by a young Indian man.  He was wearing a My Chemical Romance T-shirt and his hair was just a little bit longer than his parents would have approved.
“Mr. Danning.”  He had an accent, but Jack couldn’t place it.  It was convoluted.
“I wish you’d stop calling me that.”  He let out a little chuckle with his request.
“What do you want from me?”
“Relax kid.  I just need a reference.  I need a programmer, not a hacker.”
“What for?”
“That’s confidential.”
“I am your programmer.  I am even a better programmer than a hacker.  What do you want?”
“I want to know about you first.  I need to know where your principles and politics are.  It’s a sensitive area.”
“I’m a professional.  My politics do not matter.  My principles are directed by my pay.  Again.  What do you want?”
“I’d like to know how you knew who I was.”
“Your phone.  It’s registered to Tim Wysnewski.  He died several months ago.  He came back to life in Louisiana within a week of your demise, also in Louisiana.  You were both New Yorkers, attended the same school.  It was not a long journey.  Tim was murdered.  Were you involved?  My crimes are limited to information theft.”
“No.  I was not involved.  And I’ll ask the questions here.”
“Actually, as I came recommended, and you came under a false I.D., I’ll be asking some questions.”
“Not until I’m satisfied I am talking to the right man.”
“Fair enough”
My Job, is not a job.  It’s a career.  It is something you must be morally and principally aligned with.  I need to know who you are.”
“How much does it pay?”
“Maybe nothing, but it involves immense power.  Change the world kind of power.”
“I will be needing a check.  I have to live.  Other than that, your offer intrigues me.  How about this, I am the fifth son of a European diplomat.  I access my fathers’ machine to collect data from governments around the world and scan them for conspiracies using my own software.  My eldest brother is a detective in the French police.  My two sisters are teachers, and my other brother has been missing in Cambodia for three years.  He was a missionary.  I have been studying computers since I was eight.  I have been arrested four times and indicted once.  I reached a plea bargain to everyone’s satisfaction.  I am politically neutral, neither conservative nor liberal, just common sense enabled.  Is there anything else you require?”
“That sounds pretty good.  Can we take a walk?”
Jack and Sihk walked the streets of Harlem for over an hour discussing domestic and world politics and the state of affairs.  Eventually he got Sihks’ opinion of the Free World Elections.  He admitted to trying to hack it, unsuccessfully.  Jack was impressed with his honesty.
“The truth is all we have in my world Mr. Danning.  Without it I cannot function effectively.  When will we be getting to your truth?”
“I’m afraid I am not convinced yet.  I have too much to lose.”
“As you wish.”  Sihk suggested they return to his dorm room.  Once there Sihk showed him his setup.  It was remarkably simple.  He was connected through his fathers’ IP address which came with full diplomatic certificates, and was in contact with fourteen other children of diplomats around the world.  Together they monitored documents, deals, emails and contracts in 26 countries.  Then Sihk took him to the computer lab.  He had five students down there currently running his search software on the incoming documents.  They were all Chinese or Pakistani.  The printers were humming and three Asian girls were scanning the output.  If they found anything questionable they would send it to WikiLeaks and let them handle the publicity.  Jack was sold.  He was in the right place.  On the walk out to his car he revealed the story of the Free World Elections.  He left out his personal activities.  He told him that he needed to expand the program on the card to include recalls and several other options.  Sihk was on board.
Jack headed down the West Side Expressway for the Battery Tunnel and was in Staten Island in forty minutes.  He knew his first stop should be his mother’s, but he had to take care of some business first.  He called Linda and arranged to meet her at the Narrows bar.  She was waiting at the corner table with a pitcher of beer.  Jack walked around and she stood up to give him a hug.  He embraced her for just an extended moment.  He missed his old life and Linda was his only tie to that.
“How is everybody?”
“Same old.  We had a memorial service for you.  I told your mother you’re okay.  I think she’s going to kill you.”
“My next stop.  We’ve got to take care of some business first.”
“I know, things are moving too fast.”
“Have you got a team yet?”
“Charlie set me up with one of his law clerks.  He’s working on recruiting a few students.  We can get up to three on Charlie’s staff, but we’re going to have to pay them.”
“I know, money is becoming a real priority.  Any thoughts on how to fund this?”
“All I can think of is to put a surcharge on any city contracts. It would be under the table.  That would risk exposure, and a scandal.”
“Yeah, that would be the easiest, but we have to find a better way.  I can fund it for now, but it’s going to have to become self sufficient.  It may get very large as this system spreads.”
“What if we put an actual surcharge on the contracts?  Make it a charitable donation to Democracy Now.  We could use that as a slush fund.”
“That would raise some eyebrows too.  What about a publication.  Something like the CHIEF, the paper that advertises all the municipal jobs.  We could handle the P.R. for any contractor looking to promote his service, and even take on corporate endorsements for individual issues and proposed laws and budget finances.  It could be independent, free, and our clients would win often enough that it sells itself.”
“That has merit, but starting a newspaper?  That’s a little over my head.”
“Yeah, maybe we could make it a paid insert in the Daily papers.”
“That would be a little more manageable, but would still require a staff.”
“Of course, and probably a little arm twisting to get it off the ground.  I can handle that.”
“This could work.”
“Yeah, let’s roll it around for a while.  But you may as well get some numbers from the papers on what an insert costs.”
“We’re going to need a real accountant pretty soon too.  We have to have a payroll, benefits, and hide a lot of the money.”
“You know of anyone?”
“I’ll ask around.”
“They’ll have to be on the inside.  We can’t hide from our own accountant.”
“I’ll take my time.  Maybe Frannie can recommend one.”
“Okay.  I think that’s it.  Now fill me in on the gang.  How’s Freddie and Steve?”
They spent the next hour going over their friends and family.  A good portion was spent on Jacks’ memorial service.  Who came, who said what.  Apparently there was a detective’s car out front, but no one was spotted inside.  When the pitcher was drained they said their goodbyes and Jack headed for his last stop.  His mother was going to be plenty angry with him, but it was time to face the music.  The beers softened the blow, but it went about as expected.  She was a trooper, and more than a little numb to Joey’s fiascos.  He was on his way to Philly by Eleven Thirty.  By three the next day he was back on the Oasis rig.  Now he had to have the talk with Jane.  It was time to decide what to do with her.  Jack was unsure which way this tree would fall.  He dropped his bag behind the front counter and Julie told him Jane was by the well, mingling.  Jack stopped at the bar on the way out to the pool.  He really wished they would stop calling it the well.  He had put a lot of planning into making the platform less Derrick-like.
Jane was at the cabana, she was wearing a floral sari with a bikini top.  She was talking to a man.  Not a couple, a man.  She knew Jack didn’t like that.  Not that he was the jealous type; just that he hated the inconvenience of someone hitting on his girl.  It always got stupid one way or another.  The joke was this guy had no shot.  He was as burnt to a crisp, had a $10 Flattop haircut, was wearing a Hawaiian shirt he obviously just purchased, and had tan lines from wearing socks with shorts.  This was not your average ‘Player.’  Jack walked right up to Jane’s side and planted a kiss on her.
“Hi’ya sweetie!”
“J-“
“TIM” Jack turned to the stranger, “Tim Wysnewski.”
“Nice to meet you, Tim.  I’m John Kelly.  Jane and I were just talking about you.  All of this was your idea?  Nice Job!”
“Thank you.  I did alright.  What part of New York are you from Officer?”
“The Bronx, but I believe you meant which division.  It’s OCT, and it’s inspector.”
“Honey would you excuse us?  We have some business here.”
“Is this about his name change, ‘cause he just did that because he won the lottery.”
“That’ll do dear.  Run along now will you?”
“It’s okay Jack, he knows your name already.“
“That’s fine sweetheart, now please let us alone, I’m sure this won’t take long.”
“Okay.  I’m going out to the barge.”
“The BEACH!  It’s The Beach!  Can somebody work with me here???”
Jane sauntered off towards the bar on her way out.  Jack waved the waitress over and ordered a Jack and Ginger, a TALL one!  He straddled the lounge chair opposite Inspector Kelly, taking his shirt off, he laid it behind him as he reclined.
“I don’t mean to be casual Inspector, but if these are my last free moments, I am going to enjoy them.  Now what can I do for you?”
“You’re a pretty slippery fella.”
“I don’t like living my life on the Grid.”
“I can see that.  But you’ve left a wake of destruction that has to be answered for.”
“Depends on who you talk to.  I would call it a reckoning.  I put things right.  But I’ll tell you what.  Let’s talk about what you can prove.”
“NO.  Let’s talk about what I know.  I can find proof later.”
“Says you, but do carry on.”
I’ve got you dead to rights on the Scarlucci/Brown murders.  That’s airtight.  I also believe you are responsible for a Mr. Thomas Scallin’s demise.  A nice piece of work that was.  Do you have an aversion to guns Mr. Daniels?”
“I think I’ll be taking the 5th from here on.  But don’t let that stop you.”
“You pilfered the Free World Elections coffers when you off’ed Mr. Scallin, well spent by the way, I really do like it here.”
“Thank you.”
“Then you off’ed Scarlucci’s son as some kind of a warning.  Apparently it was his money you took.  Then you came down here and used a stolen identity faked your own death and began all over.”
“So you’re not here to arrest me.”  The waitress handed him his drink and walked off.
“What makes you think that?”
“You have nothing but suspicions.  I was under police surveillance when Scarlucci was murdered.  Tom Scallin died of a digestive infection, and you can’t trace one cent to me.  Does that about cover it?”
“Not quite.  What about the girl?  Why did she have to die?  Collateral damage?  Jealousy?”
“Well I’m sure I have no idea about that.  But if I had to guess I’d bet she was involved, deeply enough to justify it. But that’s just a guess.”
“I see.  Because that’s the only one that bothered me.  Scarlucci and Scallin were both killers.  I don’t sweat them.  It’s innocent bystanders I can’t abide.  You’re sure she was that important?”
“Like I said, it’s just a guess.  But I’d bet on it.”
“Then what if I told you I wasn’t interested in pursuing this any further?”
“Wouldn’t make you much of a cop.”
“What if I’m not interested in the Law.  What if what I want is a reckoning?”
“Then I’d say you’d be satisfied.”
“But I’m still missing some pieces.  I might not be done with this.  It sure would help to have the whole picture.”
“That would allow you to sleep easier?”
“No.  That would allow me to do business with this person.”
Jack sat up at that.
“And what if this person was out of business?”
“Anyone that interested in a reckoning is always open for more business.”
“I’m afraid you really do have the wrong guy here.  I, the guy who did this, was highly motivated.  It was personal, and business.”
“I can be quite motivational.  Tony Robbins’ has nothing on me.”
“No.  I’m afraid,”
“No.  You’re not nearly afraid enough.  Do you think Scarlucci is far behind me?  Do you think he has just written off his son and $8 million?  He’s coming Jack.  I found you, he will too.  I’ll see to it.”
Jack sat back.  He took a gulp of his drink and stared at Inspector Kelly, considering his options.  He didn’t like them.  He tossed the rest of his drink on the deck and waved over the waitress.
“Suzie, I need a row of margaritas.  Start with one and keep them coming.  John?   What will you have?”
“Johnny Walker rocks.”
Make it Gold label Suzie.  Thanks.  And could you locate Jane and get her up here.  Tell her “Please.”  She hates being beckoned.”
“Time to tell Jane about the Lottery Jack?”
“Yeah, it was coming anyway, I may as well get it over with you at the same time.  But I have a few questions before I go any further.”
“Shoot.”
“Zactly!  What will this person be doing for you should you two do business.”
“Well Jack, YOU will be doing the cleanup work.  My associates and I are tired of the Teflon Dons and so called white collar criminals.  If we can’t get them in court, we need you to take care of it outside.  We provide the recon, and you do the job.  And things are made right.  That’s all we want.”
“Why not do it yourselves?”
“Not our job.  We find the bad guys.  It’s up to you or the courts to do something about it.  We’re the bloodhounds, you’re the hunter.  We all have our roles.”
“What if I want out?”
“Well Jack, to be honest, you already have to make a buy in.  We need help now, and you’re it!”
“But down the road?”
“Eventually we all even out.  You’ll have as much on us as we have on you.  Then it’s your call.”
“This doesn’t sound like a club that you retire from.”
“Who knows Jack, this may be a one shot deal.  We have no grand plans.”
“Let’s keep it that way.”
With that Jane walked up and pulled a fresh margarita off the counter.
“Okay boys.  What’s the big secret?”
Jack looked for a salty spot on his glass and took a deep gulp.  He spent the next hour and a half painfully recapping Tim’s murder, The FWE card, and the demise of Scallin, Scarlucci and Brown.  No details were spared and they both took it rather well.  Jane was concerned about the part where Jack killed his ex-lover.  Jack again assured them both that that was made necessary by her involvement.  Then the talk returned to the card.  They both wanted to know more about the current status.
John would not be denied.  “So you got $8million, and the card, and Scarlucci thinks you’re dead.  Not a bad outcome.  That’s why we came to you.  But what are you doing with the card now?  You can’t be just sitting on it.”
“I was actually.”  Jack took a long sip of his drink.  “But then I started reading the stories on the web.  We the people were fucking up our one shot at a democracy.  Slashing budgets and taxes with no foresight.  I have to step in and create a balance.  Monitor things for a while until people get the sense of how things work.”
“So you’re taking over the government of New York City?”
“Not quite.  I am forcing postponements and recalls.  I won’t overturn anyone’s election, but I am closely monitoring, and yes, interfering with budget and contract votes.”
“So you alone will make the decisions for the whole city that thinks they are a democracy?!”
“For the time being.”
“Absolute Power . . . . .”
“Corrupts absolutely, I know.  That’s part of the reason I am delegating.  I am in the process of setting up a review board that researches all elections, and especially contracts.  They determine the best option, and for now determine the winner.”
“That would take hundreds of people just for New York.”
“Well we’re starting with about fifteen.  Eight finance lawyers, and four accountants.  It will have to grow from there.”
“You have the budget to finance this?”
“We’ve just started the wheels turning on that too.  We are taking over three of the local PennySaver Papers.  They will still be free, but will also offer advertising and OpEd pieces on the upcoming elections.”
“So you’ll sell the elections off to the highest advertiser??”  Jane was appalled.
“No Dear, our OpEd pieces will conveniently endorse the winners.  Sooner or later we will become the standard for election information, and the advertisers will flock to us.  We get the winners and losers to pay, without promising anything.  The elections are still won on merit.”
Kelly looked very concerned.  “This doesn’t sound like a club that you quit.”
“Using my own words, debate team was it??  No, I suppose it will always have to be monitored.  But hopefully the public grows with it and less and less will be necessary.”
“But what happens as it spreads?  FWE is already under contract with six other cities and countless smaller governments.”
“That’s going to be a problem.  I have a hacker that may be able to slow that down some, but we will have to face it, and probably sooner than later.”
“You’re going to be the King of the World.”
Sweetheart, there’s nothing I want less.  The conscience, maybe.  I just want a system free of corruption.”
“And you are corrupting it.”
“With a conscience.  I make no money from this.  I enjoy no power.  Yes it’s corrupt, but without larceny.  I’m cheating so that the good guys win.”
“There are a lot of variables there Kemosabe.”  John was getting seriously into this.
“Lets take South Street Seaport for example.  There’s a bid out for re-facing the pier.  It’s budgeted for $1.5 million.  Now typically the big boys will come in at or under the bid to get the contract and then force cost overruns.  The job ends up costing nearly $3 million.  There’s a company called Phoenix out there that has a 4.7 satisfaction rating.  They always come in on budget, but are frequently under bid so they don’t get the jobs.  They only get ones no one else bids on.  Let’s say they come in at $2.3 million.  If we make sure they get the job, the job gets done right and comes in under what anyone else would actually charge.  We want to start a rating system that finds the truly preferred contractors.  And things like this go on all over the city.”
“But what if they’re Non Union?  Or are prone to accidents and lawsuits.  That all has to come into account.”
“That’s part of the performance standard.  Ideally I would like to cast a pay scale.  Crane Operators must earn a minimum of “X,” Laborors earn “Y,” Carpenters earn “Z.”  Of course there would be grades to that, but if everyone pays the same, then everyone has the same budget and the playing field is level.  It’s done now, it’s called Prevailing Wage.”
“So there’s no benefit to using illegals and everyone is paid a fair wage.”
“Right.  The first order of business is to make all proposals public.  We need everything on the web so we can review it.  Right now most of it goes to committees.  The lawyers up North are working on a proposal for that to come to a vote as soon as possible.”
“That should pass.”
“I can guarantee it, remember.”
“There’s that absolute power again.”
“Absolutely necessary, absolutely temporary.”
“We’ll have to see about that.  What you’re doing is setting up an alternate government, a private Republic in the face of Democracy.”
“It’s going to be distasteful.  Two things you don’t want to see made, sausage, and laws.  But things have to be made right.”
“Right.”
“Right”
“So we’re all together on this?  We can move on?”
“Where do I fit in?”  Jane really didn’t see her role.
“I’d like you to be my eyes and ears down here.  Linda is handling things up North, but we are beginning a team down here and I can’t watch it all, especially if I am going to be contracting out to Kelly here.  Besides, like the man said, this will be growing exponentially, I need managers.”
“So my opinion doesn’t matter, I just report to you?”
“Not at all, I need you to filter out the bullshit, and bring me what you feel is important.  You’re my eyes and ears.”
“I like that.”
“Good, I want you to.”
“I want in too.”
“Not sure I have a place for you yet, but you could weed out the bad guys for us.”
“For a start, and I’m going to police you too.  I see any sign of dictatorship and you’re finished.”
“Fair enough.”
Kelly finished up the meeting letting jack know he’d be receiving a package with the details of his assignment.  It would have all the case information, M/O and favorite hangouts of the subject.  His only preview was that it was a pedophile in Maryland. 

DEEPER AND DEEPER

Jack and Jane had another drink while walking around the platform.  They discussed some of the possibilities and pitfalls of the coming days and months.  She had more than a few concerns.  Not the least of which was her culpability in all this activity.  Especially where Kelly was involved.  Jack promised to keep that end to himself.  As far as the rest of it, she would only be doing research and communications.  Jack and Sihk would be doing the actual election tampering.  Her mind was eased a bit.  Enough that they could return to their suite and make love in peace.  They went ashore for dinner.
That night Jack contacted Sihk and gave him a new assignment.  Jack needed a new identity.  If it could be done easily enough, he could use three of them, and at least one with a passport.  Then he had to make a decision.  He didn’t like the implications but it had to be done.  He got Sihk on a plane and onto the rig.  Then he began to close the Oasis to the public.
Jack hated the idea of closing it down, but worse was what it meant for him.  He was becoming a James Bond villain with an offshore lair.  He pushed those thoughts aside and briefed Jane on what he wanted.  She would need to hire Mexicans only, and only live-aboards.  He needed to encapsulate the rig and its entire operation.  Mac’s crew would have to handle the transports, but the entire on site staff would have to be in-house and kept under tight wraps.  This even meant hiring couples so that staff would not need to go ashore for anything.  Mostly what he would need is housekeeping and food services and facility maintenance.  All tech work would be handled by Sihk and his yet to be created team.  Barbara, Sammy and Lori would handle information supervision, but they would need a staff supplied by Sihks organization.  The whole rig would be a nerve center for the operation.  Linda was already making strides gobbling up office space with the Pennysaver papers she acquired.  That would be the financial center.  Jack was officially a super villain.  As if that wasn’t enough, he would also be committing murder for hire shortly.  How did he get here?  The next morning opened yet another chapter in his life.
Jack woke up resigned.  He had a full calendar for the morning, and didn’t like what lay in front of him.  He got right to his feet and into the shower.  Jane was still wrapped up in the sheets when he got dressed.  He kissed her on her shoulder and headed for reception.  He called for a launch boat and got himself a cup of coffee and made a visit to the safe while he waited for the boat.  Scott was driving today, and Jack made some small talk with him on the trip to shore.  He had to stop in the office and pick up his helmet.  He was taking the Harley today.  The drive was over an hour, but he had very limited contacts down here.  He went with the one that had already paid off once.  It was 9:45 when he pulled up to the back lot of the Harley dealership where he had bought the bike.  Tiny was changing a clutch cable on a Sportster.  Jack felt like he was stepping off of a cliff.
“Tiny.”
Tiny just looked right past Jack to the bike.  He nodded slightly.  
“Oh yeah, I remember you.  How’d you make out with that license?”
“As a matter of fact it went fine.  I guess that’s why I’m back.”
“That so?  What are you looking for this time?”
“Protection.”  He lied.
“I ain’t cheap.  What’s the job?”
“No.  Not that kind of protection, I need hardware.  You know where I can get some?”
“Plenty of sporting goods stores and gun shops around.”
“I’m looking for something a little more discreet.”
“What?  Like a blade?  A derringer??  Look, you’re going to have to be a little more specific.”
“Right, sorry, I’ve never done this before.  I need some guns.  Several.”
“That’s better.  Now could you act a little less like a Fed.  It makes it easier.”  He chuckled at that one.
“Okay, straight up.  I want some hand guns.   At least two should have silencers.  No markings, untraceable.  And I may be back for more.”
“And what makes you think I’m not a fed?”
Jack had to stop for a second.
“’cause I came to you?”
“And what makes you think I can help you with this?”
”I’m not sure you can.  I’m just hoping you know a guy who knows a guy.  You know?”
With that, Tiny stood up and walked chest to chest with jack.
“And why would I want to help you?”
He let it hang there, Fat and flat.
Jack looked away and rubbed his chin.
“You mean what’s in it for you?”  “That’s up to you.  What can I do for you?”
The big man stepped back at that.  He cocked his head to one side and began grinning.
Jack interrupted his thought.  “How about we keep it to scale there big boy.”
“Well there’s this girl . . . “
“Do I look like a genie?  Did you just rub my lamp?”
“This isn’t that hard.  She just thinks I’m a dirtbag.  No class.  I want to show her a good time, first class all the way.  Can you make that happen?”
“Limo?”
“Yeah!”
“Five Star Restaurant?”
“Yeah man!”
“I’m assuming a wardrobe.”
“Sure.”
“I wasn’t asking.  This is going to take some work on your part, a real bath, maybe even a manicure to get that grease out from under your nails.  I think I can make it happen.  When do you want it to happen?”
“Tomorrow night, we’re already supposed to be going to the club.”
“Okay, here’s what you have to do.  Is there a rub and tug around here?”
“A What? Man”
“A Rub and Tug, an Asian bathhouse.  A massage parlor.”
“I know of a place.”
“Okay, take tomorrow off, go there in the morning and get the works.  And degrease yourself tonight.  I don’t care if you have to use brake cleaner.  Get a haircut, after the massage.  Then call me, I’ll have a guy to set you up with a wardrobe.  The limo will pick you up at seven, be ready and pack for an overnight.  That means cologne, and deodorant and a two toothbrushes Conan, she has needs too remember.  I’m going to pre-order your dinner, you don’t have to do a thing.  You’ll be staying at my place.  I’ll set you up nicely.”
“You can do all this?  Just for a couple of guns??”
“I told you, I’ll be back for more.  I’m new around here and sad as it is, you’re my only hope.  The least I can do is take care of you.  Now, about me . . . “
“Right.  Just handguns, no heavy artillery, right?”
“Yes.  Silencers are preferred.”
“I gotta make a call.”  Tiny turned and walked into the shop.  Jack started working his phone.  He got Jane right on the arrangements for Tiny.  “Hey Tiny!  What’s your real name?”
“Harold, Harold Cummins.”
“Right sweetheart, I want them in the cabana on the beach, have it made up nice, like we were staying there, flowers, the whole bit.  And I need a big and tall shop, I don’t want this guy left alone, they pick his clothes.  Yeah, Dinner and the hotel, don’t forget the limo.”  Jack covered the mouthpiece, “What’s your address? I need it to send the limo.”
“Just send it here, I live upstairs.”
“Got it.”
Jack spent the next twenty minutes kicking rocks around the yard and looking at Harley accessories.  He touched base with Mac, and Sihk.  Jane called back and confirmed the reservations for “Harold.”  Around 11:30 an old Caprice Classic pulled up on the street behind the shop.  Tiny went ahead and made the introductions.  Sharky was a thin man with a clean cut to him.  He seemed concerned.
“Right here out on the street?”
“This is all you get to see until we know you better.  Take it or leave it pal.”
“Okay, what have you got for me?”
“You asked for silencers.  Do you know anything about guns?”
“Honestly, no.  No I don’t.”
“Okay, are you looking to threaten someone, or do you have a job, a target?”
“No.  I’m not playing here.  I have a target, maybe more than one.  Probably more than one.  Definitely.”
“Okay, what you have to think about is how close you’re going to get.  Silencers work, but they are less accurate.  You have to get right up close and personal.”
“That’s not a problem.  What about disposal?  I always see in the movies where they just drop the gun on the scene.”
“I don’t recommend that.  It’s best to throw is off a bridge somewhere.  The fewer clues you leave behind the better.  And wear gloves.  The gunpowder burns are worse with the silencer.  Throw them out too.  Hey Tiny, you didn’t say I’d have to give lessons!  That’s extra.”
“Bank it on security dude.”
“True enough.”  He walked around the back of the car and popped the trunk.  There were three wooden crates with their tops partially removed.  Sharkey reached in and pried off the covers completely.  There in a bed of straw were twelve instruments of death.  Not beautiful gleaming handguns, though they appeared new.  No, to Jack they only represented one thing.  The end for somebody.  He took the two pair with silencers, and a .44 magnum, just because Clint had one.  Sharky put them in a doubled plastic bag and took $1200 from Jack, cash of course.
WOMAN ON A TRAIN

Jack returned to the Oasis to await Sihks arrival.  When he got back on the tower, there was a courier waiting for him.  The package was for Tim Wysnewski.  Jack took it to his office and opened it up.  It was exactly what he expected.  A short stack of 8x10 surveillance photos and a copy of a file on a Grady Whitten.  A suspected pedophile in Dover Md.  What he didn’t expect was two train tickets.  Apparently he was going to Dover tomorrow.  As he sifted through the man’s file, he saw why.  It seemed that wherever Mr. Whitten was on the 16th of May, a young blonde girl around the age of ten went missing, only to turn up raped and murdered several days later.  This was going on for the five years since his daughter’s disappearance.  They were hoping Jack could catch him in the act to justify what he had to do.  They didn’t know that Jack couldn’t care less about proof.  This was an animal, and he had to be put down.  He went to his room and packed a bag.

Out at the Cabana Jane was going about the business of closing the Oasis.  She had reservations to cancel, and employees to turnover.  She was particularly concerned about the kitchen staff.  Most of them would not be able to stay on. She was trying to make up packages that would allow them to stay.  Some of them would have to do double duty changing sheets.  Jack was fully prepared to leave the details up to her.  He inquired about the cabana down on the beach.  In reality the beach was just a partially sunken deck barge covered with sand, and a 12x12 hut with a bar and a double bed.  Jack had two small Honda generators for power.  Tiny and his date would be more than happy.  Jack retreated to his office to go over the books, and went down to talk to the head chef, Carlos.  He really wanted to keep him on, but Carlos wanted to move on to a shore-side restaurant.  It was 5:30 before Sihk showed up.  Jack joined him for dinner at 6:00.  It was a simple conversation.  He would not be leaving.  Jack gave him a fat check and his own room.  Sihk was pleased with the accommodations, but required some upgrades to the data room.  Jack expected as much.  Jack was going to have to start watching the budget.  Acquiring the papers took a healthy down payment, and the recent upgrades to the tower and the lost revenue would have to be made up soon.  Linda said she was already beginning to contact potential advertisers and the first issue was less than a week away.  Jack spent the evening with Jane, Barbara , Sammy and Sihk.  They were all getting familiar with their roles, and each other.  There didn’t seem to be much chemistry, but that would hopefully come later on.
Saturday May 14th.  Jane was already up when Jack awoke.  She had coffee and eggs ready out on the balcony.  She didn’t know if she even wanted to talk to Jack, but she wanted to be with him.  Just with him.  He sensed this and they ate in silence.  He kissed her on the cheek and simply said, “See you later.”  He stopped in his office and grabbed his two duffel bags.  One was empty, the other held a change of clothes, the file on Mr. Grady Whitten, and his train tickets.  When he got ashore he filled the second bag with two of his handguns and some rags.  He had one of the laborers drive him to the station.  He didn’t want to be seen, or remembered by anybody.  When he got on the train he looked for an open booth.  They were all occupied.  The only one with a single occupant had a woman with what looked like canvas grocery sacks overflowing with papers.  She had papers spread out on all the seats, but quickly made a spot for Jack when she noticed him staring at her.  Now he had to sit down.  He wasn’t happy about sitting with a nut, but at least she would be a poor witness if she had to testify to his presence.  He sat down.  She was the perfect storm.  The debris cloud that surrounded her culminated in the Grateful Dead prairie dress, the eyes covered with what could only be described as goggles, and a head of hair that looked more like tumbleweed than any kind of physical attribute.  Jack was staring again.  He’d pay for it this time.
“This is what activism looks like sir!  Clearly you do not participate!”
Jack looked down at his appearance.  A completely forgettable ensemble of jeans sneakers and a T-shirt.  He looked back at his accuser, she continued.
“Maybe if I didn’t care what the Government was doing I’d look more acceptable to you.  Sorry, but I have my priorities.”
Jack just sat there, looking at her, blinking his eyes.  He was certain she wasn’t finished.  He decided to intercept.  
“A little defensive aren’t we?”
“I don’t like being judged.  And I don’t trust strangers.  Are you from the government?”
Jack began to hear the theme music from the X FILES in the back of his head.
“I wouldn’t say I was judging, just assessing.  If you’re an activist for the freedom to knit kittens, I’ll just read my paper.”
“So right away I’m the crazy cat lady!  Nice.”
“Don’t tell me you own less than three.”
“As a matter of fact I only keep dogs.  I have two Rotties, Remus and Romulus.  They guard my home while I’m away.”
“See, now there’s my first surprise!  What else have you got?”
“I am a government watchdog.  I track the congress and the senate and go over every file and bill I can get my hands on.  I am banned from the Capitol and the Whitehouse.  But I don’t let that stop me.  I am on the watch-list for the FBI, a status that I cherish thank you very much.”
“Can I ask you a serious question?”
She looked very disappointed.
“To what end?  Where does all this investigation get you?  What gets done?”
“I have a blog with over two thousand subscribers.  I have published fourteen papers and news articles, and started five rallies personally.  I am right now on my way to Washington with a petition to regulate the oil companies.”
“Okay.  Have you changed the world?  Have you gotten any results?  How do you plan to do so?”
“Ah, Glass half empty eh grasshopper?  We get plenty done.  Our achievements may not have changed the world yet, but they are paving the way.”
“What do you think about the Free World Elections?  Wouldn’t that be a more direct path?”
“The FWE!  That’s a smokescreen.  The only thing they will do is prove that we need representatives.  It will only make the politicians stronger.”
“Interesting, I’ve noticed that pattern myself.  People are too selfish to think progressively.  But can’t they be taught?”
“No.  The system will fail miserably and the politicians will take over with a vengeance.  That’s what I am preparing for.”
“Tell me about it, really, I want to know what you’re doing.  Talk to me.”
“See this,” She dove into one of her bags.  The papers and the lecture continued for the three hours it took to reach Dover.  Jack took her business card and email address.  He felt unusually calm getting off the train knowing exactly what he was doing.
Grady Whitten’s home address was 1436 Willow Pond Rd.   Jack took a cab to 1300 Willow Pond.  It was a Mexican Bodega.  He never went in.  There were probably security cameras in there, and he was steering clear.  He discerned which way his target was and walked the six blocks of wood frame homes and rundown stone cottages.  It was warm, sweltering even.  The sound of dogs barking and lawnmowers coughing through the dust was a small comfort to Jack.  Whitten’s home was a two bedroom cottage.  A chain link fence surrounded the back yard, and dead grass and dust painted the entire property.  The front porch had four thick supports, not columns really, just arches.  Green cedar shingles gave the house the only sense of taste that it could muster.  Jack walked up the wooden steps to the aluminum screen door.  The wood interior door was already open.  Jack rapped on the screen door.  He heard some rustling coming from an interior room.  A heavyset man sweating profusely came into view.
“Are you Grady Whitten?”  Jack already knew it was him.  He had recent pictures.
“Who’s askin’?”
Jack wasn’t really prepared for questions.  He decided to go over the top.  
“CSI, do you have a few minutes?”
The man put on his glasses and peered at Jack.
“Go fuck yourself!”
Jack punched through the screen and let himself in.
“No.  I don’t think I will.”
“Hey!  You can’t come in here without a warrant!”
“I have one right here.”  Jack reached into his duffel and squeezed into a leather glove and produced one of the silenced .38s.  He put the barrel right on the bridge of the man’s nose, right over his glasses.
“You can’t!!”
Ptweppp
“Apparently I can.”
The man was dead before he hit the ground.
Jack removed the silencer and put the pieces back in his duffel.  He took out two of the MDPD photos and dropped them on the dead man’s chest.    There was a permanent marker on the table.  Jack took it and scrawled a large “1” on the man’s forehead above the gunshot wound.  He threw the leather glove into the duffel bag.  He let himself out and continued walking, this time he went east, perpendicular to his previous path.  He kept walking till he reached a tire shop.  He used their payphone to call a cab to the train station.
Jack got back to the yard about 9:24.  A limo pulled in right behind him.  Jack walked over to greet them.  Tiny looked pretty good.  His hair was trimmed, and slicked back, his beard was trimmed.  He was wearing what had to be a $100 print shirt.  Jack was a little proud of him.  His date was surprisingly attractive, yet clearly underdressed.
“Mr. Cummins glad you could make it.  I’m Tim Wysnewski, I own the Oasis.  Anything you need, please don’t hesitate to ask.”
“Thanks Tim I look forward to our stay.  I’ve heard good things.”
Well good for you Tiny!  Jack was indeed proud.
“The boat is just over here.”  Jack guided them down to the docks.  The workboats there were less than impressive and Tiny gave Jack a look of concern.
“I’m afraid this is a workboat operation, but you’ll be pleased with the Oasis.  Tiny nodded.  Once the boat got underway Jack served them both champagne, himself.  He then excused himself and went to the stern of the boat.  Tiny was sure he saw Jack take some small objects out of a duffle bag and drop them overboard.  He was pretty sure what they were.
When they reached the rig Jack took over again.  He escorted them up to the platform and had Jane bring Tiny’s date to the gift shop to get a sari and some flip flops.  She was grateful for the upgrade.  Jack gave them a quick tour of the rig and offered to set them up wherever the preferred.
“We have closed the beach for the evening and set up the cabana for you, but if you’d prefer to stay up here with the people, you’re most welcome.”
Tiny’s date spoke up.
“We’ll be taking the private cabana on the beach, thanks.”
Tiny beamed.
“There’s a full bar down there, it’s serve yourself, and there’s a coffee machine.  I’ll have breakfast sent down around eight.  Let me get you to the launch to the beach.”
“Thanks Tim, this is great!”
“Anything for you Mr. Cummins.”
Jack returned to the platform and a very quiet Jane.
“You’re back early.”
“It didn’t take as long as expected.”
“Then you did it, you didn’t back out?”
“I thought you didn’t want to know about these things.”
“Is there one less pedophile in the world?  That’s all I care.”
“The job is done.  Okay?”
“C’mon Jack, you know I don’t approve, but this one was okay with me.”
“They may not all be.  Are you prepared for that?  There will be husbands and fathers.  These are real people.  But they are really bad people.  It may get complicated.”
“I think it’s best if I don’t know.”
“I agree, on several levels.”
“Yes, I see what you mean.  Lori got here today.  She’s in the data room.”
“Fighting with Barbara already?”
“Within an hour of arriving.”
“Good, I want opposing views.  Can you handle it?”
“So far, but it might get ugly.”
“Refer to Sammy, he’s our safe ground.  And don’t be afraid to throw down with them.  Your opinions matter too.  If it gets really bad, call me in.  I’ll settle all stalemates.”
“Sihk doesn’t like handing over the data.  He wants his people to do it.”
“I’ll take care of him.  I am going to have his people continue on the conspiracies.  We handle the elections.  He’ll be satisfied with that, for now at least.  Where is he?”
“Last I heard he was still trying to crack the FWE site.  He still can’t believe there’s something there and he can’t find it.”
Jack just let out a sigh.  “Get him up here.”
“Yessum master.”
“You know what I meant.  Hey, do we need pagers, or can we use the PA system?  I really don’t mean to have you fetching people for me.  I hope you know that.”
“Yes dear.  Just keeping it in check.  I’ll have reception call his room.  If he doesn’t answer I’ll have him paged on the PA.”
“Thank you darling.”  She got up and walked away, Jack enjoyed the view all the way across the platform.  She returned with an ice cold beer.
“What a gal!”
“Don’t you forget it.”
“Yes dear.”

When Sihk finally showed up Jack told him about the applet on the card.  He was searching the system for something that only existed externally.  Sihk was relieved, but still pissed that he didn’t think of that.
“So knowing that, do you think you can create your own app to attack the system?”
”It would help if I knew how to get it to access the system.”
“No deal.  I want you working like an outsider.  See what you can do.”
“Well I know they used Microsoft, so it shouldn’t be too hard to decode.”
“Let me know.”
Sihk went right back off to his room.  Jack barely got to finish his beer before someone else took his chair.
“Jack.”
“Inspector.”
“I can’t keep coming down here like this.  You screwed up the job.”
“I’m listening.”
“You were supposed to follow him.  Catch him in the act, or at least stalking, and you definitely were NOT supposed to leave PD evidence at the scene!”
“Okay, first off, you specified none of that.”
“C’mon Jack, the information we left you clearly led to surveillance.  Your return ticket was for Tuesday.”
“Yeah, at a time when he would most likely be under surveillance by someone else.  No thanks.”
“And what about leaving the photos?  That was pretty cute.”
“That was for my protection.  I wanted it known that this was a PD operation.  They’ll be looking at cops, not me, and ultimately it gives me leverage on you, as we discussed earlier.  Sorry pal, but you want me doing the dirty work, it gets done my way.”
“And what was that ‘1’ on his forehead for?”
“Just a warning that there will be more.  If even one pedophile thinks twice it was worth it.”
“I’m not happy about this Jack.”
“Good.  Then we’re even.”
“When’s the next shuttle out of here?”
Jack walked over to the cabana made a call.  He returned with another beer.
“The beach shuttle will take you in right now.”
Jack didn’t sit down.  Inspector Kelly slumped his shoulders and got to his feet.  As he walked past he had the last word.
“You’ll be hearing from us Jack.”
Jack paced around the platform mostly ignoring the last of his general public guests.  The rig would be private by Monday.
MONEY COMES, MONEY GOES
August 12th.  The last three months had seen exponential growth.  The Oasis was at capacity.  150 employees were running the operations like a Swiss watch.  The housekeeping staff was reduced to twelve people, and everyone else was working on FWE.  For their part, the FWE had expanded into Cincinnati, Sarasota Fl., Sacramento, Chicago, and Long Beach Ca.  Linda had The Beacon up and running at full steam.  She had already acquired papers in Sacramento and Chicago, and was working on Long Beach and San Francisco.  Revenues were above expectations, and payroll was being made easily.  A health plan was already being investigated.  Jack had relegated much of his responsibilities to Jasmine Bortle, the woman he had met on the train to Dover.  He still monitored her, but suspected that would not be necessary much longer.  She ran the data room like a field sergeant. 
The beach had to be re-floated for hurricane season.  No one was happy to see that go out of service.  For his part Jack was spending his time between the rig, NY and various jobs for Inspector Kelly.  He was up to his fourth victim but already had to jump a few digits.  Apparently there was a copycat that was using his M.O. and numbering victims in order with Jack.  Jack appreciated the help, besides the trail could never lead to just one person now.  Jack had some cover.  He suspected Kelly and his associates had another vigilante on board, but never breached the topic.
Jack was checking on the staff when Sihk got a hold of him in the data room.
“Jack, I think we have an issue.”
“Whadda ya got?”
“My team has been intercepting communiqués from England and France.  It appears they are pushing for a system like FWE over there.”
“A different system.  That won’t be our concern.”
“But I think it should be.  It seems Sir Richard Branson of Virgin is pushing it.  It’s his system and I suspect he’s corrupted it for himself.”
“So hack it, and we’ll expose it.”
“I already tried, he appears to have the same setup.  An applet and a secret access door.  I can’t find his either.”
“Then how do you know it’s corrupt?”
“It’s Richard Branson.  He’s a megalomaniac.  He has to have control.”
“That’s a little thin don’t you think?”
“Not from the look of the communiqués.  He’s recruiting all of the power brokers and doing quite a bit or arm twisting.”
“Alright.  Keep an eye on it and let me know if anything pops up.”
“It will.” 
“Then we’ll deal with it.”
“Mark my words.”
“So noted, now get back to it, and bring me something solid.”
Jack continued to make his rounds making sure to speak to everyone.  He wanted to be fully approachable by everyone.  He needed the comfort of total cooperation.  He usually had it.
Barbara was off the rig, but Lori and Sammy were sitting with Jasmine Bortle and prioritizing elections.  Jack sat in.  Jasmine had Lori covering Chicago and Sacramento.  Sammy was covering Sarasota and Long beach.  Barbara had New York and Cincinnati.  Jack wasn’t happy with that and told Jasmine so.  He felt they should be broken down by category.  Lori should handle Construction contracts. Barbara should handle all other contracts and permits and Sammy handles general elections of politicians.  This way they could all specialize instead of them all having to do it all.  Jasmine disagreed, and Jack agreed to let her continue for the time being.  He wanted her to consider his suggestion.  Jasmine was the only one he expected to oversee everything.  No one else should have to have such a wide knowledge base.  After all these were family and friends, not trained activists like her.  She appreciated the compliment and seemed to consider his point.  He was satisfied with that and confident she would come around.
It was about four thirty that Jack was notified he had a courier delivery.  He took the beach launch boat ashore by himself.  The regular shuttles had stopped after the rig went super villain.  When he got ashore he was surprised to see Inspector Kelly was the courier.  He walked him down to the dock.
“Hey Jack.”
“What’s the occasion?”
“Got a hot one.  We need to discuss this.”
Jack reached out for the package and opened it immediately wanting to know what the big deal was.  He wasn’t disappointed.
“Interesting.  Never heard of him.”
“He’s low profile, but still a senator.”
“Won’t there be security?”  Jack leaned comfortably against the railing.
“He has a regular detail, escort to and from work, a car outside his house at night, but every Thursday he visits his daughter, alone.”
“And what’s he done that warrants my involvement?”
“He’s dirty top to bottom.  He’s in bed with Scarlucci and Impeccatoni.  They buy brown fields, he declares them superfund sites, and they wait for the taxpayers to clean them up and they develop them.  He sells off Government contracts and has retired twice, keeping his war chest as a personal payment, all legal, but well funded by the mob.  The list goes on, but you have to accept it, he’s dirty and hurting women and children, and whole communities.  We also believe he had two congressmen threatened.  One of them lost a son, a thirteen year old.  We’ve never found the body.”
“Okay, so he’s filthy dirty.  Am I supposed to kill him in front of his daughter?”
“No.  He goes to his car alone. Just be in the back seat.  And he definitely gets a number.”
“So now you like the numbering system?”
“It serves its purpose.  By the way, your boy is working his way up the list.”
“My boy?”
“Scarlucci.  He hasn’t given up and may become a hazard.”
“No problem with me.”
“We may have our boys from Boston do it.  They prefer mobsters.”
It was the first time Kelly admitted having a second team.  Jack wondered if there were more.  Kelly cut off his thought.
“There’s another, it’s an international job.  Do you have a passport?”
“Sihk set me up.  I have two of them.”
“Good, you might need it. It involves the FWE.”
“Europe?”
France, maybe England.  We have some work to do on it yet.”
“Keep me posted.”
“Will do, and listen, be careful with this one.  He just might have protection with him, you never know.”
“Noted.”  Jack stood up and walked Kelly back to the parking lot.
“I know this one’s a little loose around the edges.  It’s just we think he has something big planned and we need him eliminated before it happens.”
“You get a bye on this one.  Just don’t make it a habit.  I like things black and white.”
John let himself into his car.
“Understood.  Thanks Jack.”
Jack leaned on the car and tilted in towards Kelly’s Face.
“Don’t let me find out that you’re using me as your personal hit man.  This is a bad guy service only.”
Inspector Kelly made some kind of assurance, but Jack wasn’t paying attention.  He was focused on the sari crumpled up on the floor of the back seat.  He felt the ice water run down his spine.  He said nothing.
“Okay John.”  He thumped the roof of the car and stepped away from the car.  He watched John intently as he pulled away.
Jack returned to the rig, briefly.  Jane was in a conference meeting with Jasmine and Lori.  Sam was shoulder deep in paperwork Sihk had dumped on him, and Sihk was still trying to crack the FWE.  Jack moved about like a ghost.  He saw everyone, but spoke to no one.  He finally went to his suite and packed his two duffel bags.  He left without saying a word.
Phantom Living

Jack took the beach shuttle back to shore, and had Scott tow it back out to the rig.  Then he started his trek up to the North East.  He took his time.  He had until Thursday night to get there.  He picked up three pairs of work gloves at a truck stop to stuff in his duffel.  It was about 6:30 when he got out of his car at 319 Hillsdale Avenue.  He walked calmly down to 724 Hillsdale and injected himself into the hedges next to a late model Mercedes Benz.  It was 9:20 before the Senator left the house.  His daughter kissed him goodbye at the door.  Jack greeted him from the hedges.  Pweterrpt!  He took his keys from his hand, put a number on his forehead, and dragged the body into the hedges.  He then got into the car and drove it away.  The daughter never suspected a thing.  That was secondary to Jacks plan.  Jack wanted the car and whatever the Senator might have in it.  He wasn’t disappointed.  There were two briefcases on the back seat.  Jack drove the car to the nearest gas station and left it running in the parking lot.  He disposed of his gloves in a sewer on his way back to his car.  The car was found burnt and abandoned on a vacant lot six miles from the gas station, a few local hoodlums had taken care of the disposal for Jack, they also created a new set of suspects.  Jack had had another clean operation.  He was more than a little proud of himself.  But he kept it in check, he knew how easy it was to slip up and have it all unravel.  John Kelly had shown him that, in more than one way.
Jack took a roadside motel room and began to go through the briefcases.  There was too much to decipher.  He stuffed it back in and turned in for the night.  He needed to get back to the Oasis rig.  He had to get the papers to Sihk, but that meant he would also have to face Jane.  He thought about having Sihk meet him off site, but he had to control his suspicions, he couldn’t let one little thing undermine his relationship with Jane.  He had to give her the benefit of the doubt, for now.  He took the long way home.  He had a lot of thinking to do.
It was Sunday morning before he arrived at the rig.  Jane was still in bed.  He went over and sat beside her.  He caressed her shoulders and kissed her deeply.  She felt right, her legs shifted as he did.  She was naked already, he loved that.  He never was one for lingerie, he wanted the female form uninterrupted.  Today there was more to love.  Apparently she had gone for implants while he was away.  They were still tender but she gave it to him willingly, even eagerly.  He was satisfied in several ways.  They lay together for a long while afterwards.  At first they talked about nothing really, just how much they missed each other.  She scolded him for leaving without saying goodbye.  He excused himself assuring her that he was in his work mode and had to stay focused.  He told her he had to meet with Sihk and they could do an early lunch later.  He showered and again visited her in bed.  He couldn’t keep his hands from wandering all over her.  He tore himself away not wanting to give too much attention to the new residents, he was also too anxious to get the papers to Sihk.
Sihk was in the cafeteria enjoying his morning coffee and a Danish.  He saw jack approaching with two briefcases.  It wasn’t the duffel bags he usually carried.  He was already curios.  
“Morning Sihk.”
“Morning Jack.  You’re up early.”
“Just got in.  I brought you a present.”
“That so?”
“I acquired some documents and I need you to filter them out.”
“What have you got?”
“A crooked Senator.  But that’s all I know.  I want to know what he was up to.”
“We’ll have to do it manually, I’m only set up for digital input.”
“It’s kind of a priority.  I’d appreciate it if you handled as much of it as possible.  Get back to me as soon as you can.”
“Hey Jack?  Would you do me a favor?”
“Sure bud, anything.”
“Nothing really, I just wanted to make sure we were on a two way street here.”
“I’m here to serve too.  Anything you need, just say the word.  I don’t read minds.”
“Good.  And just to prove what a pal I am, I’m not even going to ask if this is from the Senator that was just assassinated.”
“I’ll save you the trouble.  It is.  I got these from my friend the Fed.  I don’t ask questions.  I appreciate that you don’t either.”
“I’ll get back to you after lunch.”
“Good enough.  Thanks.”
Jack spent the rest of the morning visiting Lori and Sammy.  They both needed a break from the rig.  Jack suspected everyone did.  He would have to talk to Sihk and Jasmine to see if they could afford a week off.  Chances were they would need to do double time just to get up to date.
As it turned out, they were doing quite well.  The stress level was low, and the burden of government wasn’t really all that bad.  After thinking about it Jack realized that Congress was only in session one hundred and fifty days a year.  He sent Lori and Sammy home for a week each.  Jasmine thought he was going overboard.  Jack decided it was time to talk to the masses.  He wanted to address everyone on the rig, and could only think of one way to do it.
The party began at nine am Monday morning, just as everyone was supposed to be reporting for their first day of the week.  Jack had them all meet out by the pool, although he was forced to call it the well so everyone knew where to go!  By nine fifteen everyone was there, even the facility staff.  If anyone had counted, there were one hundred and forty seven people on the rig.  Jane sat at a table with Jasmine and Barbara.  Jack started off strong., with a lie.
“Good Morning everybody, I’m Tim Wysnewski and I don’t make a DIME off of any of this.”   A few heads nodded.
“I am doing this for the same reason I hope you are.  I LOVE my country.  But!  I love my country as it should be, not as it is.  A year ago this country was a bloated distressed bureaucracy.  Today it is on its’ way to becoming the first True Democracy.”  Cheers and a few shouts rose up.
“And YOU, ALL of YOU are the forbearers of that democracy.  You are the Forefathers of this new Democracy!”  More cheers!
“I want you all to know this, You are all on notice!”  Silence, people began to shift and look around.
“None of you will retire here.  This projects sole purpose is to make itself obsolete.  We are only here until the public can handle their new freedom.  Then our work is done.  Maybe we become famous, maybe we’re never heard of again, maybe we become villains!!??  Only time will tell that.  Personally I will be happy to get back to my former life, and I hope you will be too.  I do not recommend publicizing this.  It’s absolutely forbidden while we’re operating, but I think we should just pack our things and go home when it’s over.  I can’t imagine that no one will talk, but I highly recommend it.   In the mean time, I am here to serve you.  Today is our first Staff Day.  Total access to anyone anywhere on the rig with one caveat.  You serve yourself, the kitchen and bar staff are off too.  Enjoy, and Thank You All.”  With that he walked right into the middle of the crowd and began greeting the staff.  Then he got behind the bar and started serving.  Jasmine joined him.  Jane, Sihk and Barbara went to the kitchen.  By 1030 Jack was speechless.  The pool area was nearly empty.  He hadn’t served a drink for five minutes.  Where was everybody??  He went to investigate.  Jasmine, Jane and Sihk followed him through the complex.  They finally gave up and went to the offices.  There people were gathered around each other’s desks in a display of show and tell.  The researchers were showing how they got vital information on companies and contractors.  Sihks’ crew was showing off their OCR data mining software and his network of delegates’ sons and daughters.  They were telling them that Sihk started the network in an effort to find his missing brother.  In the Election room Barbara was showing off her new system.  She was now in charge of General Elections and land use grants.  Jack gave Jasmine a smile.  She had listened to him after all.  Jack went back out by the pool. It was mostly facility staff.  He settled right in the center of them and started a question and answer forum.  They were not curious about the systems, they just wanted to know if their children would read about them in history books.  Jack suggested that they should get involved during their down time.  “Talk to people.  Someone always needs a hand, or even just an ear to bend.  If you want to go down in History as changing the sheets around here that’s fine.  I’d much rather see you involved and participating in this new Democracy.”  Every one of them got up and walked into the offices.  Jack went in to see Sihk.


OPINIONS

Sihk wasn’t in his office or with his staff, or in the Galley.  Apparently they had been looping the rig in search of each other.  They met back out by the well.  They settled in at the Cabana.  Sihk had the two briefcases with him.
“Who else has seen these?”
“No one.  I barely looked at them.”
Sihk got up and walked across the platform and heaved the bags over the railing and dropped them into the sea.  Jack sipped his beer.
“Feel better?”
“You’re a dead man Jack.”
“Okay, you’re going to have to be specific, ‘cause technically . . .”
“Don’t get cute Jack.  People are looking for you right now and they want you dead, badly!”
“Can’t say I’m surprised.  Who is it this time?”
“What are you playing at Jack?  This is serious.  It’s global and you’re in the way.”
“Look Sihk.  I have a dozen people, with people looking to kill me. This is nothing new.  Now whose cage did I rattle this time?”
“You don’t get it Jack.  You move You DIE, and all of us go up with you.”
“What are you talking about??”
“Global politics Jack, and you just kicked the bees nest.”
“Good, who flew out?”
“I have to spell this out for you?  Fine.  Sir Richard Branson has assembled a conglomerate of powerbrokers that make the G9 look like a kindergarten class.  He’s got his own election program and is trying to sell it in the Middle East.  He’s using a connection in France and flying powerbrokers in from everywhere to sell his package.  He’s going after the oil Jack.  He wants to control the worlds’ oil.  And you just killed his American envoy.”
“Ohh, That!  I thought you had something to worry about.”  Jack throws his head back and laughs heartily.
“It’s not funny Jack.”
“Actually it is.  You don’t get it.  I’ve been knee deep in this shit for a year now.  Sir Richard Branson doesn’t worry me.”  He scoffed.
“These are big, dangerous people.  They have money and power and they’re playing for all the marbles.”
“Yeah, so was the Mafia, and the FBI, and the Secret Service.  I’m not getting cocky here, but no one has put any of the pieces together yet.  There’s a random vigilante out there.  FWE is running smoothly, and no one knows who the hell Jack Danning was, but he’s dead.  I am a non entity.  I’m not even on the chess board.  ‘Sir Richard Branson’ is chasing a bunch of teenagers from east buttfuck.  Now who do I have to see?”
“Me.”
“You playing for the other team all of a sudden??  Who do you do??”
“I have all the information, the rest just went over that railing.  You need me to know who’s who.”
“Oh boy!  What’s THIS gonna cost me?”  Jack fell back into his chair.
“Well Mr. Bond, there is the matter of my brother.”
“Cambodia!!??  Can we even get in that country??  And I don’t do extractions.  I am purely an exterminator.  I wouldn’t know where to begin.”
“Oh, all of a sudden you’re lost.  How much different can this be?  I get us in and out, you provide the firepower.  Make this happen Jack.”
“It’s not a question of making it happen.  It’s can it be done?  Look there’s maybe 27 countries I can walk into and function.  None of them are in Asia or the Middle East.”
“That’s my problem.  I think I found him and I think I can get him out.  I just have to break him out of the camp.  If I can get him to the embassy we are home free.  You need to get us in and out of that camp.”
“I’m not Rambo, that’s not what I do.  I ain’t about bringing the boys back home, I’m about leaving them in an alley with their heads cut off.  Two different worlds.  You need a soldier.”
“You’re a coward.”
“I know my limitations.  Look, I’m happy to bankroll this, even help find you a few mercs.  But if you want him out alive, you want the best, and that’s not me.  I don’t want that on my head.  I’m telling you, I’m not the guy for the job.”
“Yeah okay Jack.”
“Look, you want the guy responsible dead, I’m your man.  You want a live body coming out.  Not me son, not me.”
“I got it.  I’ll set it up, I’ll find the mercs.  Just be ready with a check.”
“See Jane for whatever you need.  She’ll have it for you.”
“I’d rather you handled it.  I’m not so sure about her.”
Jacks neck snapped around.  “What do you mean?”
“I just don’t trust her. What’s her function around here anyway?  Seems she’s only around when you’re here.  You don’t take her with you do you?”
Jack had to slam every door to his mind all at once.
“No, of course not.  She’s my eyes and ears around here.  She’s my right hand.”
“Does your left hand know it?  Just asking here.”
“You see a problem here?  Is there something I need to know?”
“No.  It’s just that I interact with everybody else But her.  It seems she’s not really with the program.  That’s all I mean.”
“Oh.  That’s okay, because really, how much do I have to do with all that goes on around here?  I mean really?”
“Yeah, now that you mention it. . . . “
“Exactly, I like what I built now I sit back and let it run.  I just keep an eye on things, that’s all I ask of Jane.”
“Okay.”  Sihk couldn’t wait to end that conversation.  He excused himself and went to the Galley for lunch.  Jack heard the crew launch approaching.  He was hoping it was Mac, he hadn’t seen him in weeks.  He went behind the bar at the cabana and helped himself to another beer and walked over to reception.  He was surprised to see Jane come up the lift with a new manila envelope.

Always Decisions
As he took the package from Jane he noticed that she was wearing a different sari.  It was the one Jack had seen in the back of Kellys’ car.  It was wrinkled and dusty.  Jack’s mind was made up.  He’d be mad later.  He’d be hurt much later, right now it was just pure disappointment.  And just when she got boobs too!  He was glad for the assignment, he had to get off of the rig, Now!
“Thanks” was all Jack could say to her.  He didn’t know if it was for delivering the package, or for delivering herself.  Either way he was grateful for both.  He felt the chords being cut.  It was liberating.  He was about to go on a spree, and God save the man who’s name was in that envelope.

Who’s Who
Jack took the package to their suite.  He was packing and leaving regardless of the assignment.  He WAS going overboard.  He thought about calling Tiny for a new shipment, but decided to open the package first.  He was shocked when he did.  He was going to London and Paris.  And he was intercepting Sir Richard Branson.  Once again the hunted would be the hunter.  He would have two opportunities, once in London’s  Hyde park, and once in a meeting in the Place Pigalle district of Paris.  This was unusual, usually it was sewn up tightly.  He didn’t know where and when the subject would be hit.  And there was no description of the person he’d be meeting with, they only specified that they would have a red umbrella.  Jack didn’t like the stench of this.  He liked it less when he saw he was flying Virgin Atlantic, Bransons’ airline.
LOST PLANES

Jack was set back that the plane tickets were in his alias name, Steven Dash.  It was one of two that had passports.  Apparently John Kelly had been talking to Sihk.  Or Jane was.  Man he was going to miss those breasts.  He had no prejudice against silicone, or saline, or whatever they were using these days.  Oh well.  There would be others.  The tickets were for tomorrow.  He stayed at a hotel in town, and cabbed it to the airport in the morning.  He thought about calling Mac and asking him to keep an eye out for Jane, but thought better of it.  It was over.  He had his proof.  As much as he wanted it to be different, it was what it was, over.  As Jack, Steven, boarded the plane, George Bush boarded a military flight to Saudi Arabia.  He would not be meeting with the royal family this time.

Jack’s first flight took him to London.  He landed in Heathrow without incident.  There was supposed to be a meeting with Sir Richard Wednesday morning somewhere near Hyde Park Corner.  Jack stayed at The Stanhope by Hyde Park Corner.  He spent the afternoon looking around Hyde Park, and trying to find a McDonald’s.  He had heard about English food.  He also needed a weapon.  He’d never be able to get a gun by tomorrow.  He would have to buy a knife at least, and he was hardly skilled at knife play.  If he had to use the knife it would be messy.  He thought of something else.  He started looking for a music store and a hardware store.  Then he would buy some loose fitting clothes.  First he had to get some Euros to throw around.

Wednesday morning Jack got himself a cup of coffee at the hotel and began touring the South East area of Hyde Park.  It was 9:45 when he noticed the statue of Achilles.  He had his shield and sword raised, but someone had attached a Red Umbrella to the sword.  It looked ridiculous and appropriate at the same time.  Very British Jack thought.  Below it was a man selling umbrellas.  None were red.  Jack took a seat about thirty yards away from the statue.  His trench coat was too warm already, but he needed disposable clothes in case it got messy.  At 10:13 Jack saw a man approach the umbrella salesman.  This was his first customer, as so far it was a decent day, for London.  Jack recognized the long blonde hair and beard of the solicitor.  The hurried walk and confident stride sealed it.  It was Branson.  Jack had considered just observing, but he wasn’t sure he would get a second chance in Paris.  The details were too sketchy.  He got up and directly approached the umbrella stand.  As soon as he got there the conversation between Branson and the salesman ended.  They stood almost motionless not sure what to do.  Jack saw Branson was holding a cardboard tube.  Something you might have a poster or a map in.  Otherwise there was nothing remarkable about the man.  Jack positioned himself behind Branson as if to be second in line.  Still they did not stir.  Jack felt the wooden pegs in his right hand and brought them out to meet his left hand.  In an instant he was looping the wire over Branson’s head, ready to pull them together and sever his head.  What he didn’t see was the salesman’s eyes.  They were wide and alarmed.  Branson picked up on it and started to duck down.  The salesman took the umbrella in his hand and raised it right across Branson’s face.  The guitar wire would not reach Branson’s neck.  Jack panicked.  He brought Branson to the ground and pinned him with his knee.  Then he reached up and pulled the salesman over the top of them.  Before either could gather their wits Jack took the tube from Branson and ran like hell.  There were four people running toward him.  Two went past, and two in black pea coats and sunglasses stopped short.  Jack passed on and ran from the park to the underground station.  He didn’t care where it was going.  He’d find his way back later.  He never saw Branson and the umbrella salesman running for their lives in separate directions.

It was 12:30 before Jack felt it was safe to go anywhere near Hyde Park.  He went straight to the hotel.  When he got to his room he opened the cardboard tube.  It was a painting.  It was all wrapped in tissue paper and cellophane but once unwrapped it was just a painting of some fishing boats on the beach.  The knock on the door made him jump nearly out of his skin.  He tossed the painting under his bed and went to the door.
“Yes”
“Open up Jack, its John.”
“Kelly??”
“Yeah Jack, open up.”
Jack opened the door.  Kelly was alone.  He stepped aside to let the man get through.
“You fucked up again Jack.”
“No shit!  What did you expect on two days notice?”
“You weren’t supposed to go after Branson here.”
“Well how the hell was I supposed to know that??”
“We gave you two meetings, what did you think the second was for.”
“Back up!  If I didn’t get him today, I’d have another shot next week.   No?”
“No.  Today was surveillance.  Now there may not be a next week.  What did you get, tell me you got something?”
“I got a painting.  Some boats on a beach.”
“The Van Gogh!  I knew it!”
“What?”
“Pierre Lu Pont.  He collects Van Goghs.  He’s Eastern Europe’s best hacker.  The painting was stolen from Amsterdam last week.  I knew it was connected.”
“Good for you.  Where does that leave us?”
“With hope!  Pierre wanted that painting as payment for his services.  No painting, no deal.  Paris may still be on.  But . . .”
“But?”
“But you have it.”
“and . . .”
“And we have to flush you out to keep this deal going.  Branson has to know who you are, and he has to get that painting back.”
“Swell.  I get hung out as bait again.”
“You fucked this up.  You have to make it right.”
“Make it right.  You like throwing that around don’t you.”
“Your words Jack.  Look this shouldn’t be too hard.  We’ll release a video of you at the airport, and provide your alias just to Branson.  He’ll track you to the hotel and be in touch.  Simple!”
“Simple!  And what if his idea of being in touch includes killing me outright??!!  How about we do this in Paris?”
“Jack, we’ve got your back.  Did you see how many people we had in the park?  You don’t think we can protect you in this hotel room?”
“I’m not enthused, no.”
“We have ways Jack.  We’ll drop information in on him that he can’t ignore.  He has to have that painting back.  That’s his first priority.  We’ll let him know he needs you to get it back.  You’re in Jack.  We got this.”
“Get me out of London, then we got this.”
“That’s easy.”
John opened his briefcase and produced a laptop.  
“Get me on the train to Paris, I don’t trust planes right now.”
“The EuroStar?  That may be a security problem.  It’s very difficult to hide on a train.
“What else have you got?  Isn’t it that much safer to take a car?”
“There’s a shuttle from Heathrow, 6am tomorrow.  It’s an American charter company.  We use them ourselves.  You’re safe.”
Sigh, “Okay, book it.  Here’s my info.”  Jack handed him his debit card and Steven Dash’s passport.
They ordered room service, fish and chips and American beer, with ice.  Kelly was gone by 2:30.  Jack stayed in his room and watched TV.  The attack on Richard Branson was never mentioned on the news.  Jack ordered another order of fish and chips for dinner with a few extra beers.
On Thursday he awoke at 3:24, over an hour before the alarm.  He wanted to pack, but there was little to carry.  Mostly he had to get rid of the overcoat and items he had accumulated assembling his weapons.  The guitar wire and wooden handles were discarded on the subway tracks the day before.  He decided to walk the streets before catching a cab to the airport.  He disposed of his paraphernalia in a dumpster behind a restaurant two blocks from the hotel. The trip to the airport was less than fifteen minutes at this hour.  
Jack worked his way carefully through the airport.  He found his way to the ACS terminal and arrived at his gate twenty minutes early.  When they called for boarding, he waited in line patiently.  When he got to the counter the girl there redirected him to the next gate.  She explained that his ticket was for a priority flight.  He turned and proceeded to gate 54.  He was whisked out onto the tarmac and ushered onto a falcon jet.  He paid no attention to the Blue Iris on the tail fin.
He was seated on the well appointed 14 passenger jet and offered coffee.  He accepted.  It was five minutes before anyone joined him on the flight.  Two very large men in black suits sat by the door.  Then a man walked in that Jack was not expecting.  Sir Richard Branson walked directly back to Jack and took the tube from him and sat down.
“Well this was incredibly easy.”
“Speak for yourself.”
“You understand I have a few questions for you?”
“I’d imagine.”
“Let’s start with who you are Mr. Dash.  Then we’ll get on to why you tried to kill me.”
“Me?  I’m nobody.  That’s why I was chosen.  No past, no present, and clearly no future.”
“Chosen?  So you were assigned to kill me?  You’re a professional?”
“Well, I don’t know if I’d use the term professional, but yes you were assigned to me.”
“So this is a hobby?”
“No.  It’s a debt.  I was caught in some other activities and I was forced into this.”
“Interesting.  And who might be employing you?”
“Well, all I know is I was interviewed by the FBI.  They seemed to have me dead to rights, then this, I’ll call it an opportunity, came up.  Is it the Feds behind this?  I suspect so.  But to be honest I don’t really know.”
“I see.  Were you involved with the demise of Senator Rottenberg?”
“That was me.”
“and that led them to me.  Most disappointing.  I’m sure that if I asked you why they wanted me dead you would tell me you have no such information.  They just tell you who, where and when.”
“It wouldn’t matter if I told you that was a fact, would it?”
“Actually I am inclined to believe you.  You’re such an amateur, I wouldn’t tell you anything either.  No offense of course.”
“None taken.”
“Well you are clearly disposable, but I won’t be facilitating that.  You were on too many cameras in this airport for me to make you disappear.  So I’m going to let you go.”
“That’s mighty white of you.”
“I won’t pretend to know what you mean by that.  Just go away.  Don’t let me ever see you again.  I see you, you die.”
Jack shifted his eyes around the plane for an instant and then caught his wits.
“Nice meeting you.  Have a nice life.” 
He got up from his seat and headed for the exit.  The two gorillas in front didn’t even budge.  Jack hit the first step when he felt it.
One of the large men had planted his foot right in Jack’s lower back.  He fell to the tarmac already trying to crawl away.  Both men followed him out and proceeded to beat him.  After a few shots to the face, one man grabbed him and the other delivered a stomach blow that made Jack want to vomit.  Jack figured why not, he helped it along and puked all over himself and the man’s arm.  They were both so disgusted they dropped him right there and got in the plane and closed the hatch.  Jack lay there until the plane taxied away.  Then he walked back into the terminal and found the nearest restroom.  He went to a tourist shop to find a tee shirt or something to replace his clothes.  All he could find was a pink sweat suit with the word LONDON across the chest, and JUICY across the ass!  It was a good thing he wasn’t a proud man.  He left the airport looking like he was coming home from a very good bachelor party, or on the alternate, that he was some kind of pedophile coaching a girls gymnastic team.  He stopped caring before he even paid for it.  He caught a cab back to the city.
He got to a bank and took more Euros from Tim Wysnewski’s account.  Then he went and got a tailored suit, just to redeem himself.  He took a paper towel shower in the men’s room while they altered his suit.  They thought they were unhappy with him when he demanded double breasted with a deep Vee.  Very out of fashion.  Clearly an American brute.  When he came out of the restroom in his new boxers, they were very unhappy.  He picked out a pair of socks, shoes and a new undershirt and took a seat waiting for his suit.  So far they were kind enough not to mention the bruises on his face.
“Sir, perhaps a robe would be in order?”
“I really don’t need one.  You want to loan me one?”
“Sir, we don’t LOAN clothes.”
“Good for you.  Hey Jeeves, have you placed my accent yet?”
“My name is Reginald sir, and I presume you are an American.”
“Do you have any experience with New Yorkers?”
“Perhaps the most bourgeois of the Yankees.”
“Did they tip well?”
“As a matter of fact they were very generous, yes sir.”
“You might want to keep that in mind there Reginald.”
“Yes sir.  We’ll have your suit ready shortly.”
Jack liked the suit so much he bought two more.  One light grey and one charcoal grey.  He bought shirts and ties he considered a match that very much displeased Reginald.  He tipped well.
Jack had five days until the meeting in Paris, if the meeting still stood.  He was anxious to get out of London.  He headed straight for the EuroStar to Paris.  He still used Steven Dash’s passport, wanting to save the other one for emergencies.  
He wasn’t even settled in his seat when Kelly sat down next to him.
“Sorry about that Jack, we blew it.”
“Really, you’re sorry?  I feel so much better.”
“We had a guy in the terminal and one on the plane.  The guy in the terminal dropped you when you got on line to board the plane.  We dropped the ball.  All I can do is apologize.”
“Yeah, well, to be honest I should have thought twice about switching planes at the last minute.  I should have known.  Besides, they didn’t get me too bad.”
“Yeah, how did you manage to get out of there?  We didn’t catch up until you left the airport.  By the way, nice outfit, very stealthy.”
“Oh you missed it.  I threw up on the guy.  He was so disgusted he just left me there on the tarmac.  A pretty nice piece of work if you ask me.”
“Yes.  And the act at the tailors, also very stealthy.  I don’t suppose anyone there will remember you.”
“Okay, but I kind of gave up on being stealthy the minute I had JUICY written across my ass!”
“Well let’s get back into mode shall we?  Paris is going to be crawling with eyes.”
“Is it still on?”
“As far as we know.  Branson has a symposium in Manila for the next three days.  He can’t get to Paris before Monday.  We’re assuming it’s a go.”
“You know I’m not going to kill him right?”
“We don’t want you to kill him now.  We want Lu Pont.  He’s the target.”
“The Umbrella salesman?”
“We think it was him.  Branson is playing this close to the chest.  He delivered the painting personally, we assume it was Lu Pont receiving it.  We didn’t get a good look at him.  We were chasing Branson.”
“You don’t have a bead on this Lu Pont guy?”
“No.  He’s been underground for years.  No one knows where he is.  But he’s been active, and clearly Branson found him.”
“So just follow Branson.  I’m out.  He sees me it’s all over, in several ways.”
“We still need you to hit Lu Pont.  And by the way, what was that shit with the guitar wire?  You were going to decapitate Richard Branson in Hyde Park.  You got balls man.  Not so sure about the brains, but you got balls.”
“How about you get me a couple of guns this time?  I can’t make any connections by Monday.”
“We’ll have some waiting in your room.  And by the way, we’re going to have another team in Paris, just as back up.  But if you see two guys with Swiss clocks break them open, all hell’s gonna break loose.  These guys kill everyone in sight.”
“Good to know.”
Kelly handed Jack a folder.  It was his reservations at the hotel above the Follie’s Pigalle.  He reminded him the guns would be in the room.  There was also a file on Lu Pont.  Apparently he was third generation rebel.  His Grandfather was in the French Resistance, His Father was in an information stealing left wing group that helped expose Operation Vulture with the Americans.  This was another man without a country.  No wonder he was selling out to Branson.  Then again.  He just might have his own plans.  Jack thought twice about that one.  
“Hey you know, “
Kelly was already gone.  Jack never even heard him leave.  Friggin spooks!  Jack let his mind wander on John Kelly for a moment.  Could he trust him anymore?  Was he looking to get Jack killed?  Could he keep an operation separate from his affair with Jane?  Could Jack?  These were questions he didn’t want to deal with.  All but one, did Kelly want Jack dead?  That deserved some thought.  Jack thought about diffusing the situation, just tell Kelly he knew and didn’t care.  It was over between him and Jane.  But he didn’t like showing his hand.  He thought caution and self preservation would suffice.  Then again, he was tiring of this life.  He didn’t mind being killed, but the beatings hurt!  No, Jack was going to run his own operation in Paris.  That much had to happen.  First he had to set his priorities.
1)Contain Lu Pont.  He needed to find out exactly where he stood.
2)Neutralize Branson.  He wasn’t too sure how that would play out, should he stop the delivery of the election program, or should he let Branson have it knowing he could expose him, or maybe, hopefully, Lu Pont had a plan.
3)Sever ties with Kelly.  He needed to get out.  FWE was running without him.  Jasmine was seeing to that.  Now he just had to get out of Kelly’s grasp.  
4)Stay aware.  Kelly said there was another team out there, and God only knew who Branson and Lu Pont had watching developments.  He had to stay off the 
CAMERAS IN PARIS

Jack nodded on and off during the three hour trip to Paris.  He never noticed the man in spectacles watching him from two rows behind.  He thought nothing of the woman in the seat in front of him with her ear pressed against the gap between the headrests.

Jack made his way through the terminal Nord Paris like a typical tourist.  He was ten minutes just finding a door to the street.  He took a taxi to the Follies Pigalle.  As promised there were two 38s with silencers under his bed.  It was 5:30 local time.  He went down for dinner at six.
He was a little shocked at what he found.  It was an all nude revue, and a whorehouse on the side.  He pushed his plate aside and watched the show for twenty minutes before he walked out onto the street.  He was no less shocked out there.  All of the shops offered dancers and women, right in the storefront windows.  What really shocked him was how many had red umbrellas.  By the fifth window, Jack had to ask.  He stepped into the store.  An elderly woman at the counter started speaking French to him.  His dazed look made her stop.
“English?”
“Wee, Englese.”
“I just have a question about the red umbrellas.  Why does everyone seem to have one?”
“Oh!  We are how you say a union, the red umbrellas suggest our solidarity against violence toward our sex workers.  We all carry them.”
“Oh.  Thank you, I was just curious.”
“Wee Messieur.  We have a rally in the Place Pigalle on Monday, at the fountain.”
“Monday, really.  I’ll be there.  Thank you again.  Gracias”
“De nada.”
Jack did a double take, shocked that he just spoke Spanish to a French woman, and even more surprised that she spoke back without missing a beat.  He stepped back out onto the street.
He wondered where John Kelly was right now.  He had some questions for him.  They would go unanswered for now.  He wandered the streets for an hour before returning to his room.  He was offered many companions on the way, but declined for multiple reasons.  Maybe another day he might have succumbed.  
Friday found Jack full of hope.  He awoke enthused and ready for what lay ahead.  He realized something overnight.  Lu Pont was a whoremonger.  That’s why the red umbrellas.  He loved the ladies of the night.  That was his home.  In fact maybe THIS was his home.  Jack had his mission for the day.  He would be chasing wires and dishes.  
Jack spent the day roaming the district looking up.  He was even able to get on a rooftop of a townhouse under construction.  He noticed two things.  Every rooftop had a tangle of wires running everywhere.  The next thing was what he was looking for.  Two blocks over were a series of satellite dishes.  Not the little Cable TV dishes, no.  These were industrial 10 footers.  Four of them.  Could the authorities really have had that hard of a time finding Lu Pont.  Jack was sure he found him already.  He made a best guess as to where the building was from street level.  It seemed to be on The Rue Morgue.  Jack climbed back down to the street.  He walked over the two blocks and scanned the roofline for any sign of the satellite dishes.  He was unable to see anything.  He scanned the facades for any sign of a red umbrella, but found nothing.  The best thing he found was a bar called the Ourang Outang.  He slipped inside for a beer.  The wine list was three pages long, the beer list was half a paragraph.  Thankfully there were pictures.  The Kronenbourg looked like a light beer, so he ordered one of those.  The working girls were out all day long.  There were at least six of them in the bar.  Jack motioned for the one with the big nose to come over to his table.  She was wearing a blue bustier and a white chiffon skirt.  Jack laid his wallet on the table.
“Englese?”
“Oui.”
“I’m looking for someone.  Can you help me?”
“Oui.”
“You do speak English don’t you?”
“Yes, I do.”
“Oh, okay.  I’m looking for Pierre Lu Pont.  A computer expert.”
“I do not know this man.”
“I doubted you would.  But can you direct me to someone who might?”
“How would he be known?”
“He’d be a frequent customer, and an ardent supporter.  His logo is a red umbrella.”
“That is not much.”
“He’s about 5’-8” tall.  He’s a computer expert.  Knows everything about them.”
“I would like to help you, but I have work to do.”
Jack put a wad of Euros on the table.
“You work for me now, yes?”
“Oiu missuer Steven.”
She took out her cell phone and began tapping away.  Jack waited patiently.  She got a few returned messages and bobbed her head.  Jack wasn’t sure where they were at.
“Anything?”
“Perhaps.  We have a madam who is forbidding us to talk about him.  Apparently she knows him.”
“Are you in touch with her directly?”
“No, one of the other girls is.”
“Where is this Madam?  I need to speak to her.”
“She is at the Moulin Rouge.”
“Do you have a name?”
“Madam Delilah.”
“Thank you.”  He took half of the wad and pushed it toward her across the table.
“Is that enough?”
“Oui.  That will do.”  She was eyeing the rest of the wad of cash.  Jack shoved it into his pocket.  He didn’t know what he just tipped her, but he was pretty sure it was sufficient. 
Jack headed back toward his hotel.  The Moulin Rouge was next to it.  The lobby was split in two.  Straight in was the theatre, to the right was a lounge.  Jack went right to the lounge.  He didn’t waste any time with the working girls.  He went straight for the bartender, ordered a beer and asked for Madame Delilah.  As expected he met with some resistance.  He assure the girl that he was not a solicitor, he just needed to talk to her.  He made sure to get his mug on every camera they had in the lounge.  It was more than ten minutes before she joined him at the bar.  She was dressed in a sensible but still clingy off white dress, cut above the knee.  She was a good looking woman of maybe 34-35.  He didn’t wait for her to start.
“Thank you for taking the time to see me.  I have a sensitive issue and I think you might be able to help me.  I need to get a message to Pierre Lu Pont.  Just a message.  Don’t tell me you can or cannot.  Just take the message, and I will leave.  Tell him I broke the FWE.  He’ll know what it means.  Tell him I want to meet him.  That’s it.  Goodbye.”
She never got to say a word.  Had she Jack would have known that she didn’t speak a word of English.  Pretty slick there retard.  Jack’s good fortune had not run out yet.  The bartender heard every word and translated after Jack left.  He never noticed the man in spectacles who appeared to be sleeping on the bus stop bench in front of the Moulin Rouge.  Jack spent the rest of the evening getting a new laptop computer.  He had a hell of a time between the salesmen not speaking English, and the computers preset to French.  He finally just picked one out and set it up himself at the service counter.  The first thing he did when he got back to his hotel room was send an email to Sihk.  Just a heads up.

Jack returned to the Moulin Rouge Saturday afternoon.  The bartender poured him a beer and set it down at the end of the bar, away from everybody else.  Jack took a seat at the end as directed.  Again he missed the man in spectacles at the table by the door.  But he did not miss Jack, nor the forty something woman at the middle of the bar.  When the bartender came back with his change she handed him a note.  It was a phone number.
“It’s a disposable phone.  Do not bother to trace it.  Lu Pont will speak to you.”  She walked away.  Jack didn’t even budge.  He took out his disposable phone and dialed the number. Right there.  It rang five times before a man picked up.
“You are the man from Hyde Park.”
Jack was taken aback, but had to respond.  “Yes, that was me.  But I have a different assignment now.”
“I suppose I am your target now.”
“You are someone’s target, but not mine, I have other plans.”
“You say you cracked the FWE?  It’s impossible.”
“Yes I did it, and I’m prepared to prove it to you.  Are you at a computer, can you go to the FWE site?”
“No, I would never call from my home.”
I need you to pick a candidate and tell me how much you want him to win by, a percentage.  And I will make it happen.  Go to the site, chose and call me back.  You have my number.”
“At least an hour from now.”  He hung up.  Jack hung up too and put the phone on the bar.  Three beers later the phone rang.
“Mrs. Connelly, by 75 percent.”  Click.
Jack got Sihk on the line immediately.  “Yeah, Mrs. Connelly by 75%.  How the hell do I know what race?  Search it, he didn’t say.  Okay, thanks.  Switch it back by midnight tonight.  Call me when you find it.”
“Jack didn’t even get to order his next beer before Sihk called back.  Jack called Lu Pont straight away.  “It’s done.  Go check it.”
“One hour.”  Click.  Jack ordered up another beer and some pretzels.  Right on time, Lu Pont called back.
“You have my interest Mr. Danning.”  Damnit, another geek found him out.  
“Did you build a back door for your program that you’re selling to Branson?”
“Yes, but you will never find it.”
“Because it’s not in the program, it’s outside.  I Know.”
Lu Pont’s tone got very serious.  
“Is that how the FWE is run?”
“Yes, and I am working it.  I have a team monitoring the elections so that things still function.  The voters were getting too greedy.  We had to step in.”
“So you are not corrupting it?  How do I know this?”
“Because that’s why I tried to kill Branson.  He does want to corrupt the European system and sell it in the Middle East and take control.  I couldn’t let that happen.”
“And what are your plans for me?
“That’s up to you.  I have a suspicion about you.”
“Do tell.”
“You come from a long line of rebels.  I don’t see you handing Branson the keys to the kingdom.  What is your real plan?”
“You’re a perceptive man Mr. Danning.  No I would never let Branson take over.  I built in a sequential code for him that will expire after 100 uses.  He may get a few things, but I will be long gone before he figures out that I duped him.”
“And then you have control of the back door?”
“Yes, like yourself for monitoring purposes.”
“I knew it.”
“As I said, you are perceptive.”
“Okay, well we need a plan for Monday.  My handlers want you dead.  Branson probably wants you dead too.  You don’t think he’s going to leave you as a loose thread, do you?”
“And you have a plan?”
“Yeah, no, not really.  This is as far as I walked it through.”
“Brilliant.”
“Hey, give me a minute to catch up.  I’m working on it.  Is your meeting with Branson still on?”
“Yes, the Place Pigalle rally at the fountain Monday at noon.”
“Okay, that’s a start.  I don’t think you should show.  I don’t know.  We have to think about this.”
“Call me back, I’ll be waiting.”  They hung up.  Jack stuffed the phone in his pocket and walked over to the fountain at the Place Pigalle.  There were tables and chairs all over, and several vendors.  Jack found one selling nachos.  He took an order.  He turned to find a seat.
“You’ve been off the grid again Jack.”  It was Kelly.
“I haven’t been too comfortable with your plans.”
“It’s all we have Jack.  You have to stick with it.  You know what the consequences are.”
“For you, or me?”
“For us all.”
“Yeah, well I’ve been a little more concerned with my own skin since the airport.”
“We’ve got your back.  You haven’t been alone since the airport.  We just need Lu Pont.  Then it’s over.”
Jack weighed his next words carefully.  Internally it began to dawn on him what Kelly was doing with Jane, and just what the future of FWE would be in Kelly’s hands.  Jack knew he was on the list now.
“Yeah, I think we can get him.  He’s around here you know.  That’s why the red umbrellas.”
“Yeah, we did put that together while following you.  Now who have you been talking to on that disposable phone?”
Jack answered quickly but casually.  “Sihk.  Just keeping up with the rig.  I know you’ve turned Jane by the way.”
Kelly was caught off guard, but he regrouped quickly.  “She’s still yours Jack.”
“Thanks, but no thanks.  That was cold by the way, I really cared for her.”
“We wanted you to know.  We wanted you mad.”
“Well, it almost got Branson decapitated.”
“Yeah, well, maybe not that mad.”
“You’re supposed to be my handler.  I’d say you’re not doing too well.”
“You have given me some problems.”
“Yeah well, I’m here to serve.”
“Just keep focused Jack, it’s almost over.”
“Don’t I know it.”
Jack walked away from Kelly, never looking back.  He knew Kelly’s plan.  He wanted Jack gone and the feds were going to take over the rig.  Jane would be tossed aside and everyone would probably be killed.  Even Linda.  Jack wasn’t sure, but he thought that just gave him that little extra bit of determination he needed.  He walked the streets for hours.  He returned to Place Pigalle several times, just looking for cameras.  He was beginning to get a picture of his own.  He placed one last call to Sihk.
Sunday morning Jack went for a long trip through Paris.  He got in and out of taxis and busses until he was sure he had lost at least the electronic surveillance.  He called Lu Pont from the Fountaine De La Pyramide. At the Louvre.  He gave him his instructions and upon his approval hung up.  He threw the phone in the fountain.  Then he went to be found by Kelly again.  It wouldn’t take long.  He got out of a van as soon as Jack returned to the fountain at Place Pigalle.
“I’m liking you less and less these days Jack.  What are you up to?”
Jack started walking away, Kelly followed.  Jack brought him right up to the light post with the traffic camera, keeping it to his back.
“Just tailoring the program.  You see I kind of owe Branson.  He had me dead to rights and could have, even should have killed me.  But he didn’t.  I owe him for that.  I just want to make sure he doesn’t get soiled while we get Lu Pont.” 
“I could have arranged that.”
“Maybe, but like I said, I owe him one.  I wanted to make sure.”
“So how are you going to do it?”
“I’m going to take the meeting.  I take the painting and Branson is well clear when we grab Lu Pont.  Just running a little interference.”
“And how do you get him to accept your terms?”
“I dunno, maybe I’ll throw up on him.”  Jack chuckled at that.
“Really all I have to do is take center stage.  Branson will come after me immediately.  Then I just have to convince him that I have Lu Pont and he needs to go through me.”
“Not the best plan I’ve heard in a while.  But it might work.  I’ll tell you what Jack, I’ll give you Branson, and we’ll call it even on Jane.  Just so you know, It was never personal.”
“Sure, just business.  We all have our jobs to do.  You’re still a dick though.”
Kelly chuckled at that.  “As long as we’re on the same page Jack.  See you tomorrow.”
Jack walked over to the Trois Roses Les bar and hotel and began drinking for the evening.  It was 8:30 when he showed up at the Moulin Rouge looking for Madame Delilah.  She kept him waiting for almost 30 minutes.  He was drunk, but had not lost his charm.  The bartender helped break the language barrier.  Jack spent the night dancing with her in the lounge.  He did not sleep alone.
Monday morning.
Delilah, if that was her real name, had let herself out during the night.  Now that was a woman.  Jack had breakfast in the hotel lobby.  Mini muffins and a ton of butter smeared on them.  It was 6:47 when he walked out the door and saw it.  A man appeared to be sleeping on the stoop to the hotel.  Only the small pool of blood running down between the wall and the sidewalk gave it away.  The man was still wearing his spectacles.  Jack rushed by and took the first cab he could find.  He couldn’t get far enough away from that.  He went back to the Louvre.  He couldn’t go in because he was carrying his guns.  He walked over to the famous inverted pyramid.  He was sorry to realize that it was a skylight for an underground mall.  He wandered around until he found an entrance.  He was more than a little taken back when he saw the Virgin Megastore down there.  He almost expected to see Branson in there signing autographs.  He went in and bought another disposable phone.  He thought that was cute.  Then he went to a place that he found on the web.  Breakfast in America.  He got himself a proper breakfast with pancakes, eggs, bacon and sausages.  He was a happy man.  He walked it off in the Tuileries gardens.  Meanwhile Kelly was conducting his pre-game meeting with his squad.  He had a five man team, two more than usual.
“Okay, here it is.  What we have set up is a two pronged attack.  Jack is going to get rid of Branson and take the painting.  Now this is the only variable.  We don’t know if having the painting will flush Lu Pont out to Jack, or, and this is a real option, Jack may have been in touch with Lu Pont and set up another transfer date.  If that happens we have to wait to hit Jack.  I have a pawn in place to keep Jack on point.  She’s expendable.”
Jackson spoke up, “So we follow the painting.  If Danning hands it over he’s a live target, and whoever receives it is live.”  It was more of a statement than a question.
“No one hit’s Danning until we have Lu Pont.  As soon as Danning is down I want him in the van.”
“Curt, you and Tommy stay in the van.  When Jack is hit we want the body out of there as fast as possible.”
Jack was back at Place Pigalle for 11:30.  The first thing he saw was the last thing he wanted to see.  Jane.  Kelly had her so twisted up she would do anything for him.  She was at the apex of the arched semicircle, right on the front line.  And wasn’t she just made up like a Kewpie doll.  She had on a red Bustier with black lace and a red chiffon skirt complete with a red umbrella.  Jack shook his head and went and took a seat next to her.  He never looked her in the eye.
“Have you lost your mind?”
“What do you care?  You just used me.”
“Yes, but I used you for your body, and I loved you.  Kelly’s going to take your soul.”
“John loves me.  He’s leaving his wife.”
Jack scoffed.  “Right, of course he is.  And he hung you out here as bait just to prove how much you mean to him.”
“What do you know about love Jack?”
“I know I never would have put you out here, but whatever.  You’re happy.  I’m good.”
“I’m sure you are.”
Jack watched as three taxis pulled up in order.  Two men in Turquoise shirts exited the first and last taxis.  Richard Branson exited the middle one behind the two gorillas.  He had the cardboard tube in his hands.  He paused when he saw Danning standing 50 feet in front of him.  The local women were beginning to occupy the fountain area.  Red umbrellas and every variation of red lingerie were displayed in a panorama.  Jack tried to keep his focus.  Jack ignored the eight or more red shirted men all around him.  Branson stopped in front of him but would not look at him.
“I thought we had an understanding you and me?”
“Mice and Men there Chief.  Just to let you know, I owe you one, so you’re going to get off here.”
“I’m so grateful.”
“Hang on to your hat.  The deal is changed, but you still win.  Just not as much as you planned.”
“And I suppose I’ll be thanking you for that?”
“I don’t know if you’ll be thanking me, but you’ll be glad to get away with what I give you.”
“Really?  So tell me what you’re going to do for me.”
“Well, here’s the fact.  You contracted a program with a back door from Lu Pont.  He was prepared to deliver you one, but with only 10 times where you could access the back door.  Then it expired.  You were screwed.”
Branson didn’t like that at all.
“Really?”
“Yup.  But I reworked the deal.  You get less, but more..  Wanna hear it?”
“Do I have an option?”
“You could walk away.  Hire another programmer.  But you’ve already been found out.  Where would it go?”
“So what am I left with?”
“You get your ten freebies.  They are yours.  Then you consult with me.  You get a voice, input, but not total control.  That’s reserved for Lu Pont, and me.”
“I’m not liking this.”
“You’re not supposed to.  But you’ll take it.  Mainly because you get America with it.”
“America?  The Free World Elections have been cracked?”
“Built in, like Lu Ponts’.  That’s mine.  But you get to consult.  No control, but take it or leave it.”
“That changes my plans considerably.”
“I’d imagine so.  But think of the possibilities.”
“Yes, I am.”
“And think about your alternatives.”
“Yes, I am.  So what happens now?”
“You hand the painting over to the pretty lady at the table. And go home.  Here’s my number.”  Jack handed him a slip of paper.
“I’ll chase you to the four corners of the earth you know.”
“Not a consideration.  My word is good.  Just take your men and get out of here now.”
He walked over and handed Jane the painting.  She was shocked.  She didn’t know she would be receiving the painting.  She didn’t know what to do.  Jack knew she would be the wild card.  No way was she in on the plan to kill him.  He stared at the two tattooed men at the table behind her.  They were wearing sunglasses and holding wooden Swiss table clocks.  The red shirts had dissolved into the crowd.  Jack saw Jane’s eyes widen.  She bolted from her seat and headed across the plaza to the Rue Jean Baptiste.  First Jack checked the tattooed men.  They hadn’t budged.  Branson threw up his hands.  Jack pushed him off.
“Get out of here!  Now!”
Branson and the two turquoise shirts flew to back to the waiting taxis.   Jack ran to catch up with Jane. Kelly was following her across the plaza and down the street.  The tattooed men flew from their chairs and pulled open the backs of the clocks.  They quickly had guns sweeping the crowd.  They didn’t know who their target was.  Branson was gone and Lu Pont had not surfaced.  They turned and cut out of the crowed and ran towards the Boulevard De Clichy.  Jane and Kelly were a good thirty yards ahead of Jack already.  No one saw the forty something year old woman running along the sidewalk.  Jack was twenty yards behind them when he turned into the alley behind the Trois Roses Les Bar.  He never heard the gunshots.  They were silenced.  Ptwerp Ptwerp Ptwerp  Jack stood at the end of the alley in Shock.  Jane had been decapitated Kelly’s hands were still on the piano wire.  Kelly’s brains were across the alley wall and a large Zero was markered on his forehead.  The woman who had arrived just steps in front of Jack was splayed at his feet.  He was in shock he knelt to the ground.  The only thing that snapped him out of it was the hot muzzle of the gun pressed against his neck.  He felt the stinging as it burned a welt into his neck.  He didn’t dare turn his head to look at whoever was holding the gun.
“Still thinking with your Pecker eh son?”
“I’m not your son.  What the hell have you done?  Who the hell are you?”
“I beg to differ Joseph.  You are relieved of your duties.  Kelly was going to kill her all along.  He just wanted to make it look like it was you so he could justify killing you.  He was about to put the Zero on your head and expose you as the assassin.  He would have walked off with your entire operation.  Now it all goes back to him, and you’re clean.  You’re welcome.  I believe you have already evacuated the rig.  Now do the right thing here, then go home.  And tell your mother I love her.  For that matter tell her You love her.  Now Get!”  He kicked Jack over and disappeared before Jack could get back to his feet.  Gone.
Jack didn’t know what to do.  His father had just re-appeared in his life, and disappeared just as quickly.  Jane was dead.  Kelly was dead.  Some unknown woman was dead.  Then somebody emerged from a doorway.  It was Linda!  
“Sorry Jack, I had to call him in.”
“But how did you know?  Never mind, I don’t want to know.”
“Your mother told me you idiot.  Why do you always suspect something sinister?”
Jack noted the gun in her hand and raised an eyebrow at her.  “Gee, I can’t imagine why.”
“I tried to get Kelly before he got Jane, but he had her as soon as he got in the alley.  It still felt good to waste that bastard.”
“I am so turned on right now!”  He stepped up to her and kissed her deeply.  Her gun fell to the floor.
“So I have to actually kill someone to get your attention?”
“You’ve always had my attention, you just scare the hell out of me.”
Jack knew he only had seconds to think.  He grabbed the painting and they ran through the alley into the maze of alleys behind the stores on the Rue.
 

###


ABOUT THE AUTHOR
Thanks for reading my story.  It is an itch I have waited years to scratch.  It had been years in development and re-writes.  I am glad to finally have it published for your pleasure.  I am not a writer.  This story began with a simple conversation with one of my deckhands and developed into an entire production.  It is probably more suited to an Indie film rather than a book as I am clearly not a writer by profession.  I hope you liked it nonetheless.  Thank you.
Etc: I wrote the above after writing the first three stories.  I had so much fun writing them, and got a good response, so I wrote more.  I hope you enjoy reading them as much as I enjoyed creating them.  Fatal Shore is the continuation of the story.  Thank You So Much, PW
