TABLE OF CONTENTS


Ice Man

Quartet for Three

Remember

A Girl’s Best Friend

Philatelist’s Gold

Dead Dames Tell No Tales


ICE MAN
And other Cold Deaths:

A Six-Pack of Mysteries


by
Michael D. Britton

* * * *

© Copyright 2011 by Michael D. Britton / Intelligent Life Books
Discover other titles by this author at michaeldbritton.com


Smashwords Edition, License Notes

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.




ICE MAN


The cold wetness awoke detective Grant Jenkins – the odd thought that he’d wet himself flashing through his semi-conscious mind.
Nah – that’s ridiculous, a grown man wetting the bed?
The bed.  It seemed to envelop him like a thick cloud – soft and fluffy – and now moist.  A storm brewing?
He felt the smooth arm against his shoulder and realized the wetness must be something else.
Last thing he remembered, he’d been talking to a diamond-studded, smokin’ hot brunette in a little black dress, within searing distance from the giant rock fireplace - he’d stood close enough to smell her musky perfume, ostensibly to hear her over the conversational din.  He was busy impressing her with his gruesome stories from the homicide department.  
(Contrary to popular opinion, chicks dig morbid stuff.  At least the gorgeous, semi-Goth winebibbing ones found at upscale Park City ski lodges.)
Maybe the conversation had gone well.  
Maybe it had gone very well.
Jenkins rolled under the cushy sheets and gently threw his arm over the woman next to him, struggling to remember her name before she woke up.
He slowly lifted up on his other elbow to get a look at her face, hoping it would ring a bell.
Oh.  Platinum blonde.  Don’t remember any blondes.
Oh.  This blonde’s not breathing.
This one isn’t going to wake up.
Jenkins scrambled out of bed buck naked, his bare feet sinking into the deep white pile, and pulled back the silky cream-colored covers to reveal an equally nude girl of about twenty five with soft yellow wavy hair, heavy makeup on her closed eyes, fire engine fingernails, and a deep stab wound in her chest.
A puddle of water sat in the gory depression on the curved side of her left breast, thinning the blood and slowly dripping down over her pale side to accumulate on the soaked bed sheets.
Not good.
Jenkins looked around the luxurious room with its dark wood accents and large plasma TV.  A pair of his-and-hers terry cloth robes were draped across the other queen bed, exactly as housekeeping had arranged them.  He could smell alcohol in the air, but the only evidence was an unopened bottle of Champagne sitting in water in the ice bucket on the table near the fireplace.  The flutes alongside were untouched.
He spotted his clothes strewn over a dark gray velvet daybed by the large bay window.  He stumbled into his boxers and pulled up his gray suit pants, slipped into a pair of black leather loafers, and threw open the heavy blackout curtains.
Light burst in, the sun blasting off the snow outside in a blinding display and highlighting fine dust particles floating in the air inside the room.  He looked around, the carpet now whiter than before, but couldn’t find his dress shirt anywhere.
But his gray suit jacket was hanging neatly on the back of a paisley wingback chair, so he put it on and reached inside for his phone.  He paced the floor while it rang three times on the other end - his mouth tasted like an ashtray.
“Yeah, this is Jenkins,” his dry voice breaking the eerie silence of the room.  “I’ve found a body – it’s a homicide.  Yes, I’m certain this was murder, boss – I’m no coroner but it sure wasn’t a heart attack.  Yeah, send the meat wagon to, uh, I’m not sure where I am, hold on.”
Jenkins walked back to the disheveled bed, looked on the little glass-topped night stand and found a narrow, pale yellow hotel pad with a hotel logo header, then opened the room’s rich mahogany door and looked at the brass numbers on the other side.
“Stone Essiman Lodge, room 99.  And come quick, I think the evidence is melting.”

#

“No, no, no, boss, that’s not how it happened at all.”
Jenkins could hear his own voice as he sat in the interrogation room, bright fluorescents overhead, a big mirrored wall on one side that needed to be cleaned, tiny white security camera in the corner above the door like an evil eye, three bare white walls and a gunmetal metal table with two worn wooden chairs.
He sounded like the last three hundred suspects he’d interviewed himself – guilty as sin.
“Let’s go through this one more time, Jenkins,” said Hugh Nourse, Jenkins’ grudging supervisor and all-round miserable puck.  “You say you were talking to a brunette, whose name you can’t remember, then wound up in bed with a blonde, but don’t remember how, and you claim to have no knowledge whatsoever of the two hundred thousand dollars that the deceased Laura Lamond had transferred into your account yesterday morning – hours before you’d even met her?”
“No.  You’re not listening.  I.  Never.  Met.  Her.  Get it?  Not before the money mysteriously appeared in my account, not after, and not even when she was in bed with me, ‘cause she was dead, see?”
Jenkins fingered his cigarette and watched the smoke spiral up past Nourse’s scowling bulldog face, glad that the non-smoking Nazis hadn’t extended their fascist reach into the interrogation room.  Yet.  The fact that doling out little pleasures like cigarettes was useful in getting idiots to talk seemed just enough to keep the clean-air people at bay for now.
Chief Nourse was constantly perspiring, and Jenkins thought he could feel the heat radiating off the man’s rotund body from across the table.
“Look, I know you don’t approve of my ways, boss.  I dunno, maybe you’re even a little jealous at all the action I get. Whatever.  But you know I’m a good cop, and you know there’s no way I’d kill a chick for a couple hundred grand.”
“Oh?  So what is your price?”
“That’s not what I mean, retard.  I’m not a murderer.”
“Ooh, such tough language.”
“Well, I kiss my mother with this mouth.”
“And hookers, too.”
“Nobody’s perfect.  My mother taught me a lot of things, very little stuck.  Dad was a jerk who kicked us all around and had a foul mouth.  I didn’t want to be like him.  So I watch my mouth, and I’m not a violent man.  And I’m certainly not a cold-blooded killer.”
Nourse stood and put one pudgy hand on the angular brushed steel door handle, the other hooked a thumb behind his bulging black suspender.  “I don’t know what you’re not, Jenkins, but I do know what you are – a piece of work who’s skating on thin ice.  Until we come up with a better suspect, or some kind of clearly exonerating evidence – anything better than ‘duh, I don’t remember’ – you’re Suspect Number One, and as such you’re going to have to spend some time in lockup.”
He left the room, leaving his sweaty body odor behind, and Jenkins took one long last drag before stubbing out his cigarette.
#

Grant Jenkins, homicide detective, hadn’t been behind bars since the sweltering summer after graduation – the endless summer of full-bore drinking, empty-headed girls, slow-loss gambling, a fast red convertible Mustang - more long bouts of drinking - and a short stint in a Mexican jail for some kind of incomprehensible violation of that nation’s laws against having fun.
Nobody’d come to his rescue that time – he’d had to serve the whole thirty days in that rotten-smelling, rat-infested hole – and he knew nobody would be there to bail him out now.
But he had to get back on the case – clear his name and find the dog who’d laid a beautiful stiff beside him with a bizarre puddle of ice water flowing from her ample chest.
He leaned against the cold steel bars, resting his elbows on the chest high horizontal rail, peering out of his little cage toward the guard station, where a lone young gray uniformed man sat with his feet up on the black-painted wood desk reading the latest Smokey Dalton mystery book.  Piles of dog-eared papers were pinned haphazardly to the brown cork board above the desk, and the whole place smelled like urine.
“Hey, Jeff,” Jenkins said, his voice a loud, hoarse whisper that echoed through the otherwise empty jail.  “Jeff.  You gotta do me a favor, here man.”
“What can I do for ya, Grant?” said Jeff lazily, not looking away from his book.
“Need your help.  In a big way.”
Jeff held up a finger to indicate “wait a minute” as he finished up the last paragraph of his current chapter, then managed to tear himself away despite the cliffhanger.  He slowly removed his feet from the desk, one at a time, his boot heels clicking down on the shiny concrete floor, then sauntered over to Jenkins’ cell.  “What’s up?”
“Listen, I would never ask you this under normal circumstances – I understand it’s a lot – your job could be on the line.  But I gotta get out of here – just for a few hours.  I need to -”
“Hold up, boss.  You talkin’ ‘bout a jail break?”  He let out a sharp chuckle.  “You gotta be kidding me.  I got one thing to do on this job – keep people on that side of the bars.”  He turned slowly on his heel and started to walk back to his desk.
“Wait!” Jenkins said, reaching his arm through the bars as if he could pull him back.  “I can make it worth your while.  I got two grand in an account – I promise I’ll only be gone a couple hours – nobody will know.”
Jeff stopped.  He looked back over his shoulder.  “Two grand?  For two hours?  That’s a little more than my current hourly rate.”
“You won’t regret this, Jeff.  I’ll clear my name, and you’ll get a commendation for helping me!”
Jeff turned around fully and put his weight on one leg, folded his arms across his chest.  “How ‘bout we just keep it between you and me – I don’t think they give out commendations for accepting bribes from prisoners – no matter how good it turns out.”
Jenkins smiled.  “Yeah, I guess you’re right.  So, how ‘bout it?”
“How are you gonna pay me, exactly?”
“I’ll, uh, you take a check?”
“A check.”
“Okay, how ‘bout I withdraw the money once I’m released.”
“An I.O.U. bribe?”
“Cut me some slack here, Jeff.  It’s not like you can swipe a debit card, either.  I’ll pay you.  Really.  Or maybe you can just do it as a good citizen helping a friend to uncover the truth.”
“Aw, that would be noble, wouldn’t it?  Let’s just stick to the original deal.”
Jenkins nodded as Jeff stepped forward and pulled an ID card from his pocket, touched it to the scanner with a high-pitched “beep.”  The locking mechanism released with a deep “chunk” sound, and Jeff slid the smoothly gliding door along its track.
As Jenkins stepped through, he reached up and smashed Jeff’s head into the cage bars, knocking him out cold.  As he gently lowered Jeff’s limp body to the floor, he whispered, “Sorry, buddy.  It’s not about the money, it’s about saving your job.   This’ll look much better for you.”
He grabbed Jeff’s ID so he could leave through the cell block security doors without a problem.  As he walked away, giving the slumped, unconscious Jeff one last look, Jenkins recalled how he’d just told his boss that he wasn’t a violent man.
So much for that.

#

Jenkins slipped out and made his way by bus to back to his little turn-of-the-century apartment in the Avenues.  It was located in the basement of a tiny brick house on Avenue E, on the hill near the hospital.  
He opened the door and was greeted by the familiar old musty smell.  He looked around - the Department had obviously been there and confiscated some stuff, including his computer.
He went to his bedroom, opened the closet and lifted a small flat box off the top shelf.
The spare laptop.
He got online and started doing a little digging.
It didn’t take him long to track down Larry Lamond, the dead blonde’s ex-husband.  Seemed like a logical place to start – exes usually knew more than anyone else.
Jenkins headed to the parking garage on 3rd East where he kept a motorcycle, since his car was still in impound.  He hopped on and rode out to Cottonwood Heights, where he found Larry at home.
“Mr. Lamond?” said Jenkins when the five-nine, balding man in his forties opened the door.  “Jenkins, homicide.  I need to ask you a few questions.”
“I already spoke to you people.  Got nothing more to say about what happened to Laura.”  He started to shut the door in Jenkins’ face.
Jenkins put up a hand to stop it.
“Just a few minutes, Lamond.”
Lamond pushed Jenkins back.
Mistake.
Jenkins burst back at the door, crashing his shoulder into it before Lamond could slam it all the way shut.  The force threw Lamond backward, and Jenkins landed on top of him.
He blocked Lamond’s punches, then put a vice-grip jand around the man’s throat.
“Stop, now!  Or I’ll crush your wind pipe!”
Lamond stopped struggling.
“So, Lamond, whatcha got to hide, eh?  Why you putting up such a fight when all I have is a few simple questions for you?”
Lamond tried to answer, but nothing came out except a choked gurgle.
“Oh, sorry,” said Jenkins, loosening his grip enough for Lamond to breath, but not move much.
“Call 722-0001 and you’ll get the answers you need.”
Jenkins squinted at him.
“Go ahead,” said Jenkins.  “Do it.”
Jenkins used his free hand to reach into Lamond’s pocket and grab his cell.  “I’ll use your phone – that way whoever it is will think it’s you calling.”
He dialed the number.
“Yes, son, what you want?”
Jenkins’ face flushed, and he instantly let go of Larry Lamond’s throat.  He recognized the sound of Judge Felix Lamond’s voice.  Until now, he hadn’t put the two together.  He hung up.
He stood up and helped Lamond up.  “What’s this gonna cost me?”
Lamond pulled a gun on Jenkins.  A greasy little smirk lifted the corner of his mouth.  “Just your freedom.”

#

Lamond hadn’t been kidding.
Just two hours later, Jenkins was back behind bars.  This time, three guards were posted, including Jeff, who glowered at Jenkins without saying a word, rubbing at a bandage on the side of his forehead.
Jenkins paced.
He had nothing.  Nothing but a bunch of fake evidence pointing at him, and a red herring of a lead in the judge’s son.
Hugh Nourse came through the door to the cell block, and Jenkins braced himself for a chewing out.
“Okay boys, unlock it.”
Oh great, he wanted to get right up in Jenkins’ face.
A guard Jenkins didn’t know waved his pass in front of the pad, and the door beeped, then clunked, and then was slid open.  But instead of stepping inside, Nourse said gruffly, “Go on then, get out of there.”
Jenkins looked stunned for a moment, then quickly scooted through the door before anyone could change their mind.
“You’re free to go,” said Nourse.  “Some anonymous benefactor has posted bail.”
Jenkins just nodded and left as fast as he could.
A glutton for trouble, he headed directly back to his number one lead: Larry Lamond.
When he got there, the door was slightly ajar.  He stepped in.  The place was dark.
Jenkins flipped on a light, and there was Larry.
Dead.
He lay there in a pool of blood and . . . water.  Just like his ex-wife had died.
As Jenkins bent down to get a closer look at the chest wound, flashing blue and red lights showed up on the opposite wall.
Within moments, the police were inside, handcuffing Jenkins and pulling him away.
Caught red-handed in the wrong place at the wrong time.  Again.
This was getting old.
“Wait,” he said, looking back over his shoulder at Lamond, “look at the wound!  Look!  It’s ice!  I think it’s ice in the stab wound.  That would explain the water.”
“You have the right to remain silent,” said the arresting officer, ignoring Jenkins’ rantings.
On the way to the police cruiser, Jenkins broke free and ran as fast as he could, diving over a fence, rolling down to a ravine, and climbing up the other side in the darkness.
The cops gave chase, but he managed to hide under an RV parked in someone’s side yard on the other side of the ravine.
After lying there for about a half hour, he carefully crawled out, his hands still cuffed behind his back, and started walking down the hill toward State Street. 
There was only one place left for him to go.
Nourse.
He showed up at his boss’s house around a quarter to midnight.  A light was still on in the living room.  Jenkins faced the street and knocked on the door, then turned around to face it.
Nourse opened the door and his eyes widened a little.  “What do you want?” he sneered.  He looked Jenkins up and down.  “And why are you so filthy?”
Jenkins slowly turned around to show the cuffs, then turned back.  “Can I come in, please?”
Nourse growled, but stepped aside.
Jenkins walked in and took a seat in the living room on a black leather couch.  The place looked like it hadn’t been remodeled since 1983.
“You are a real piece of work, Jenkins,” said Nourse.  “What do you want from me?  Coming to my home.  Maybe I should just shoot you as an intruder – put you out of both of our misery.”
“A tempting offer, boss,” said Jenkins, “but I really, really need your help.  You know I’m innocent, right?”
Nourse looked at Jenkins, sitting there with his hands cuffed behind his back, his clothes dirty, a little cut on his face.  “Yeah, you look it.”
“Serious.  Look, can you get these off me?  I know you have a key.”
Nourse shook his head as if he was going against his better judgment, then stood up and walked over to Jenkins, opened the cuffs with a key from his pocket.  “So what’s your story.  Straight.”
“Something’s going on, and I’m not sure what, but it involves Judge Lamond, I think.  Is your son Jack here?”
“Yeah, why?”
“He’s a computer hacking guru – a genius.  I need him to get into the courts database – into the personnel files, banking records, whatever can help me get this sorted out.”
“He’s asleep.  He has classes in the morning.”
“Come on, Hugh.  This is important!”
Nourse rolled his eyes, got up, and went upstairs.  A few minutes later a sleepy college kid with shaggy hair and a goatee came down with a laptop under his arm.
“Dad says you need me to do some highly illegal stuff.”  He sat down, fired up the laptop, and smiled slyly.  “That’s my favorite kind of stuff, you know.”  He tapped some keys.  “Dad, I’m gonna need your Department password,” he called to the kitchen.  “He changes it three freaking times a day.”
“I wonder why?” Jenkins said rhetorically.
Within an hour, Jack had tracked the mysterious bank transaction for two hundred thousand that had landed in Jenkins’ account.
“It was an ACH initiated by Joseph R. White, 2150 South Dallin Street, Sugarhouse – he’s the chief assistant to Judge Felix Lamond.”
“Really?” said Jenkins.  “Now that is interesting.”
Before Hugh could return from the kitchen, Jenkins had slipped out the front door with his bosses car keys that were hanging next to the door.
He jumped in the silver Chrysler Town and Country and headed up State Street toward Sugarhouse.
He wasn’t too worried about adding grand theft auto to his growing list of crimes – it would all shake out once the truth was revealed and his name was cleared.
All he had to do was nab Joe White, exert some pressure to get him to fess up, and bring him in.
He pulled up two houses short of the little white house with thick porch pillars and made his way around back.  It was nearly two in the morning – he should be able to break in and surprise him.
Amazingly, the back door was unlocked.  He carefully stepped inside, then felt a cold rock – an ice block – strike him in the head.  He saw stars, then the second crushing blow turned everything pitch black.

#

Jenkins awoke bound and gagged, his head throbbing like a tequila hangover the size of Mount Timpanogos.
The room was lit only by the false dawn coming through the venetian blinds.  A man stood before him, a gloating look on his face.  He stepped forward and pulled the gag down.
“You must be Joe White,” said Jenkins.
“Gee,” said the man, “You’re not quite as stupid as I gave you credit for, ya little sh-”
“Ah-ah-ah,” interrupted Jenkins.  “I really have a thing about bad language.”
“You serious?  You sit there tied up and facing death, and you’re worried about some four letter words?”
“I take very few things seriously, White.  And that is one of them.  So what’s your beef, anyway?  Why the transfer of funds to my account – why the murders?”
White took a seat directly in front of Jenkins, about an arm’s length away.  “I loved her.  Laura.  She was going to marry me, or so she said.  Then she decided maybe I wasn’t quite in her league, ya know?  Just a clerk of the court, not quite as prestigious as her lawyer ex-husband son-of-a-judge.”
“So you killed her?  That’s a little extreme, don’t you think?”
“I figured if I wasn’t rich enough for her, I’d show her by taking her money.  It was going to be a clever little appropriation of funds.  But she found out, so she had to die.”
“What’s with the ice?”
“Simple – an icicle dagger is the perfect murder weapon – the evidence melts away – no finger prints, nothing to trace.  That’s why it was easy to pin it on you.”
“Why me?”
“You were convenient.  A two-time loser cop who happened to be in the right place at the right time – or wrong place, wrong time, depending on your point of view, I guess.”
“And Mr. Lamond?  Why kill him?”
“I had the perfect opportunity to solidify the frame up.”
“So now what, you’ll kill me with one of your icicle daggers and make it look like the most ridiculous suicide in history?”
“Suicide?  Nah.  They probably won’t ever find your body.  But I have come to like using ice.”  He walked to a freezer and pulled out his weapon of choice – a clear shaft of ice that came to a deadly point.
While White had been monologuing, Jenkins had managed to untie his hands.  As White approached and lifted his ice dagger to strike, Jenkins jumped out of the chair and tackled him.
They tumbled down and rolled over, crashing into a table and toppling it.  White scrambled to his feet, grabbed the icicle he’d dropped and lunged at Jenkins.  
Jenkins rolled and tripped White, who fell forward, impaling himself on his own icicle dagger, straight through the heart.
As he faded into oblivion, Jenkins asked, “Tell me – was it you who bailed me out of jail?”
“You’ll have to . . . talk . . . talk to the judge about that,” gasped White before giving up the ghost.

#

Jenkins sat in Hugh Nourse’s stuffy office on a hard wooden chair.
“Boss, I’m real sorry about stealing your van – I just had to clear myself.  I hope you understand.”
Nourse looked at him sternly, then actually softened (if you can call it that).  “You’re a free man now, right?  Forget about it.”
“There’s just one thing I still don’t understand – why did Judge Lamond bail me out?”
“Weird thing,” said Nourse, sipping at his steaming cup and smacking his lips.  “Turns out Larry Lamond was the judge’s adopted son.  Joe White, on the other hand, was Felix Lamond’s real son from a previous marriage.  They had a weird, strained relationship – jealousy, estrangement, anger – then White actually gets a job as Lamond’s assistant.  Crazy.  Judge Lamond’s mistress - the brunette you’d been talking to at the ski resort - suspected something fishy was going on and convinced the judge to allow you to have the chance to figure it out, since she believed you could.”
“Huh,” said Jenkins.  “I guess, in a way, I really did get lucky with her.  Did the judge ever suspect his flesh-and-blood son was a cold-hearted killer?”
“Nope.  He was pretty shocked by the whole thing, and has taken a leave of absence.”
“Leave of absence.  Now that sounds good.  I think I’m going to take a long vacation myself,” said Jenkins.  “I’ll see you in about a month.  I want to try to get some skiing in.”


THE END





QUARTET FOR THREE


“Welcome back to Symphonic Idol, I’m your host, Bryan Oceanfest.  We’re down to America’s Top Six orchestra gurus, and tonight, we go down . . . to five.  Any word from the judges on who you think will be going home?”
Network production director Jeff Johnson sat in the darkened booth with his headset on over his Cincinnati Reds baseball cap, turning script pages and giving the technical director moment by moment commands.  The computer screens, the glow of the control board, and the wall of monitors provided all the light the crew needed to work.
“Standby camera two - take two.  And standby camera one.”
Out on the floor under the bright lights and neon signage, surrounded by an in-the-round studio audience of eighteen hundred, the judge everyone loved to hate said his peace.
“Well, Bryan, I think it’s obvious,” said Sidney Powell, in his London East End accent, “Cindy’s pathetic performance last night on cello showed America that she’s just not ready for a first seat on the New York Philharmonic.”
 “Camera three – pan the booing crowd.  Standby three, and take three.  Standby one, take one.”
“Looks like a few people disagree with you there, Sidney,” said Bryan.  “Nothing new.  What about you Lara?”
“Camera two get Lara, standby two, and take two.”
“I still like Cindy.  I’m not going to make any long term predictions, but I think she’s safe for at least another week.  It’s Joe I’m worried about.  His violin work last night was kinda pitchy in places.”
“Okay camera three, get an MCU on Joe’s reaction.  Standby three, take three.  Standby one, and take one.”
“All right, some disagreement among the judges,” said Bryan.  “Polly?”
“Camera two get Polly.  Standby two, take two.”
“Oh, I just wanna say that this is the best Top Six we’ve ever had – ever – on this show.  In five years, I have never seen such an array of talent – you’re all going to go far.  That said, if forced to choose – oh, I just love you all!  I guess I’d have to – reluctantly – agree with Sydney.  Cindy, you just weren’t up to your usual standard last night, honey.”
“And finally Sandy Jefferson.”
“Camera two, pan to Sandy.”
“Look dude, this is tough, this is really tough when you get to this level.  And at this level you peeps gotta bring it.  And you ALL brought it last night, peeps.  Yeah!  I’m not even gonna take a guess.  One of you’s gotta go, but I have no idea who America voted for – could be anybody, could be anybody.”
“Standby one, take one.”
“There you have it everybody, the judges are split – or stumped – but by the end of the show tonight we’ll have one fewer judge.  Contestant – I mean one fewer contestant.  Ha ha!  We’ll be right back with more . . . ”
“Okay, standby to go to break, standby master control, and roll, and fade.”
“Four minutes!” called the floor director Erin Tortelli, her voice coming through the headsets clearly.
Jeff rubbed at his black goatee.  He was glad there were only a few weeks left of this season.  The show had been a huge success, sweeping the time slot coast to coast, but he’d negotiated a lousy contract going into this season.  The pressure was phenomenal – that’s one major reason Jeff had gotten into directing live television – he loved the rush.  Too bad about the pay.
And dealing with the personalities off camera – Bryan and the judges – not to mention the crazy contestants – left a lot to be desired.  Behind the scenes, life was not as cool as the video vignettes made it out to be.
In fact, it was murder.

#

Lara LaGuardia hung around after the show for a while – in fact, she stuck around until everyone had gone home.
The set was dim and silent – such a contrast to all the lights and sounds of just three hours ago.  Her heels clicked on the hard stage floor, the echo bouncing off the far wall behind the last row of empty seats as she walked across the stage, past Bryan’s tall stool with a little pile of cue cards, to the judges’ table.
That’s where the note had said to wait.
Always up for a little intrigue, Lara decided to play it out and see if perhaps Sidney had decided to take her up on the hints she’d been dropping like little bombs lately.
Maybe he was in the mood for some explosions, after all.
Assuming the note was from him – it was a computer print out that had been slipped under her dressing room door, so there was no way of knowing for sure.
She sat in her usual seat and put her feet up on the table.
Suddenly, she felt an arm around her neck in a choke hold.  
Her chair tipped back, the legs sliding forward from under her, and she found herself on her back with her heels still perched up on the table.
She struggled for air – she couldn’t see who was choking her.
She flailed against the attacker, but it was no use.
She started to weaken, to see stars.
She tried to cry out – but she had no air.
She saw a . . . a violin bow.
And then it was over.

#

Detective Lynn Hunter and Detective Steve Greene arrived at the Baker Studios sound stage for “18 Productions” and fought their way through the crowd of onlookers, oblivious to the light rain that fell from gray skies.
Stage hands, booth crew, a handful of suits – studio executives – and a number of police officers from various agencies stood around, while a coroner’s van backed up to the studio entrance with the back doors flung open.
“Coming through,” said Hunter, raising her arms to make her stature more narrow as she squeezed past the people on her way in.  Hunter had the advantage of being six feet tall and built like a swimmer – lots of upper body strength.  
Greene was a couple inches smaller, a couple years younger, and a couple of steps behind, taking advantage of the path Hunter was clearing.
As usual, the team worked like a well oiled machine, despite their odd-couple pairing.  Or, perhaps, because of it.
They reached the studio doors, displayed their badges to the security personnel and stepped inside, where the murmurs of the crowd could not be heard.
They walked down the auditorium aisle from the dimly lit back to the stage-lit front, hopped up on the dusty riser, and ducked under the police tape that had been erected around the scene of the crime.
“What do we have?” asked Hunter.
The medical examiner, Jim Rhodes, a man in his fifties with a Friar Tuck hairdo and gold rimmed glasses, was crouching beside the body.  He looked up and said, “One Lara LaGuardia.  Former TV star.”
“Oh my gosh!” blurted Greene.  “Lara?”
“You know the deceased?” asked Hunter.
“Well, uh, no, of course not,” said Greene.  “It’s just that it’s Lara – everybody knows Lara.”
“Well, I don’t,” said Hunter.  “I don’t watch television.  Haven’t for years.”
“But you work in Burbank?” asked Rhodes.
“Your point?” said Hunter.  “I mean, it’s not like everybody who lives in Detroit drives a car.”
“Uh, yeah they do,” said Greene.
“Fine.  Bad example,” said Hunter.  “Anyway – what was the cause of death?”
“Well,” said Rhodes, “I’ll have to perform an autopsy to be sure, but my guess would be the violin bow that’s been shoved all the way down her esophagus.”
“That might have had something to do with it,” said Hunter.  “You could say she’s got a frog in her throat, eh?”
Greene just stared at his partner.
“A frog?  Get it?”
“No.”
“The end of the bow – the part that’s probably in Ms. LaGuardia’s stomach – is called the frog.  It’s the part to which the horsehair is attached.”
“Where did you learn so much about musical instruments?” asked Greene.
“I thought you knew I was in the string ensemble in college.”
“I learn something new about you every day,” said Greene.  “Now, what can you tell us about the bow itself, the method of the killing,” he said to Rhodes.
“Well, it’s a standard carbon fiber epoxy composite.  Nothing fancy.  No prints on it.  But the more I look at this, the more it looks like the victim was strangled prior to the introduction of the bow.  I believe the bow was shoved down her throat after the fact.”
“A punitive measure,” nodded Hunter.
“Or a plant – a way to try and frame someone,” said Greene.  “Make it look like it was one of the contestants.”
“I’m not a psychologist,” said Rhodes, but given the amount of force with which this instrument was inserted in the victim’s throat, I would lean toward Detective Hunter’s instincts.  This was done in the heat of anger.  If not, the killer is a very, very cold-hearted person indeed.”
“Thanks,” said Hunter.  “We’d better start asking questions.”
“Oh, one last thing,” said Greene.  “Time of death?”
Rhodes squinted.  “I’d say six hours or more.”
Hunter and Greene headed for the sound stage doors.
“So, we’re really gonna get to talk to Sidney, and Polly, and Sandy?” asked Greene, excitement in his voice.
“And who might they be?” asked Hunter.  Her voice sounded as if she were half asleep.
“The other judges!  I can’t believe you don’t know that.  I mean, not watching the show is one thing, but how can you be so completely isolated from your own culture?”
“Oh, I have culture, Steve.  Just not ‘pop’ culture.  I choose to spend my time reading good books, attending the theater – no, not the Cineplex – and taking in a good symphony.”
“Symphony?  I always figured you for the outdoors type – softball, hiking, you know.  But if it’s the symphony you like, then all the more reason you should watch Symphonic Idol!  This is where America’s next great orchestral musician is going to be born!”
“Mm-hm.  I was thinking it might be Julliard, or maybe the New England Conservatory.  Silly me.”
They reached the top of the auditorium and stopped before going out the doors.  They looked back at the stage.
“Why would someone choose to kill Lara here, on the show’s stage – at the judges’ table?” asked Greene.
“I think if we find the answer to that, we’ll have the answer to who did it,” said Hunter.
They opened the doors, and started to pick out the people they would interview.

#

“Sure, of course I was jealous.  At first,” said Polly Jabaar, the only other female judge on the show.  She sat across the table from Hunter and Greene in one of the studio executives’ offices that had been converted into a makeshift interrogation room.  The walls were lined with framed posters of the executive’s smash hit reality shows over the years: Terror Time, Who Wants To Be Adopted By A Millionaire, The Waterboarders, and High School Ho.
Polly took a sip of her decaf and continued.  “But I got over it.  There was nothing in my contract that said I had to be the only chick on the show – I mean, the only female judge.  I can share the limelight.  No problem.”
“You sound real broken up about Lara,” said Hunter.
“Look, I really didn’t know her all that well, okay?” said Polly, catching Hunter’s sarcasm.  “This is her first season on the show.  It’s not like we shared a dressing room or anything.  Really, I feel bad.  I’m kinda in shock, to tell the truth.  And wondering what’s gonna become of the show.”
“And where were you last night, after the show?” asked Greene.
“Same place I always am.  With my therapist.  I have a standing appointment.”
“All right, that’s all for now.  Thank you,” said Hunter.
Polly shrugged, got up, and left without another word.
“You have to keep staring at her like that?” asked Hunter after the door closed.
“Sorry.  It’s just that I’ve been a big fan ever since the 80s when she sang Cold Souled Serpent.  I loved that song when I was a freshman in high school.”
“Seems like a song suited to her,” said Hunter.  “Funny, I don’t remember that tune.”
“Probably because you were busy hanging out at the museum and reading ancient Greek poetry,” said Greene.
“You notice her eyes?” said Hunter.
“Looked like she’d been crying.  She loves to be a drama queen for the press.”
“Or maybe she was up late last night.”

#

“I thought a couple of those acts died on stage last night,” said Sidney Powell, “but this brings the phrase to a new level, dunnit?”
Sidney sat across from the two stone-faced investigators, an uneasy smirk on his face.
“This isn’t a laughing matter, Mr. Powell,” said Greene.
Sidney exhaled like letting air out of a balloon, and his smirk quickly turned to a deflated frown.  “I know, you blimmin’ idiot.  I’m just very uneasy with all this.  I – I actually like Lara quite a bit, and she’s an amazing record producer.  I’m sort of just trying to deal wivvit in my own, clumsy way, I suppose.  I’m sorry.”
Greene noted that Sidney still referred to Lara in the present tense – as though her death really hadn’t sunk in yet.  He stood and strode casually to the window, which overlooked the studio back lot.  A film crew was setting up for an outdoor sequence of some reality show about skinny people trying to gain weight.
He spoke without turning to Sidney.  “How well did you know Lara?”
Sidney looked down, fidgeted.  “Oh, I dunno, quite well, I suppose.  We worked together on and off in the record industry before she joined Idol.  Fact I helped her get on the show – well, it was my idea she join – she didn’t need my help getting on.  She was quite capable of handling that all by herself.”
Hunter watched Sidney as he spoke of his deceased colleague.  “Do you have any thoughts on why someone would want to kill Ms. LaGuardia?  Did she have any enemies that you know of?”
Sidney ran a hand across his short black hair.  “Look, this is not a business for the faint of heart.  It’s dog eat dog eat cat eat whatever gets in your way on your path to the top.  People think rock ‘n’ rollers are rough, but these classical musicians are far worse in my opinion.  I think it’s because so many of them come from places of privilege, they feel entitled to success.  But in the end, they have to earn it, just like the poor girl and the middle class boy and everyone else.  All that matters is the talent – not where you come from or how much money your parents ‘ave.  For some, that’s not a reality they can accept.”
“So are you saying you think one of the contestants may have done this?” asked Greene.
“I’m not saying bloody anything, mate.  I just think you need to consider all the possibilities, here.”
“Believe me, Mr. Powell, we will,” said Hunter.  “One last question – when was the last time you saw Ms. LaGuardia?”
Sidney blinked and raised his eyebrows.  “Same time most of us did – right after the show last night.  I ‘ung around for a few minutes to speak wivv the production booth – I am one of the executive producers, you know, so I like to review each show briefly following sign off – and then I said ‘cheerio’ to Sandy, Polly, and Lara, then left the studio.”
“Thank you,” said Hunter, standing to indicate the questioning was over.  “That’ll be all – for now.  Where can we reach you if we need to follow up?”
“I pretty much live here during the season,” said Sidney.  “I sleep off site, but during the day and most of the evening I’m here working.  Just have security buzz me – I always carry a walkie talkie.”
He gave a grim smile and let himself out the office door.
“Thoughts?” asked Hunter.
Greene returned from the window and sat on the brown leather sofa opposite the desk.  “I think he did what he does on the show each week – told the cold hard truth.”
“Go get the other one,” said Hunter.
Greene walked to the door and poked his head out.  After a few moments, a stocky black man wearing as much gold as Mr. T entered and took a seat after shaking hands with the detectives.
“S’up, peeps.”
“S’up . . . is that your fellow judge swallowed a violin bow,” said Hunter leaning toward Sandy Jefferson.
“I know, I know, y’all.  That’s just my way of greeting you.  What happened to Lara is blow, yo.  I just can’t believe it.”
“What was your relationship with Lara, Sandy,” asked Greene.
“We were tight, yo.  She was wunna my peeps.”
“Had you worked with her previously – before Symphonic Idol?” asked Hunter.
“Sure, sure.  This is a big ol’ business but a small town.  Lara and I actually co-produced an album of electroniclassical jams.  You know, Mozart and Bach with a kickin’ beat, with all the instruments played by smokin’ hot chicks?”
“Right,” said Greene.  “Wasn’t it called something like Baroque ‘n’ Legs, or something?”
“That’s right, yeah!” said Sandy, flicking his wrist to snap his fingers.  “Sold like hotcakes for about three months, then fizzled away to nothing.  Great stuff, though.”
“Back to Lara,” said Hunter, “why would anyone want to kill her?”
“Beats the crap outta me,” said Sandy.  “I thought everyone liked her.  She was straightforward on the show, gave everyone a fair shake, balanced reviews.  Everyone on the crew seemed to like her.  I’m stumped.”
“Okay, Sandy,” said Greene.  “Thanks.  We may be talking to you again soon.”
Sandy got up and left, moving fairly quickly for a man his size.  He closed the door behind himself.
“What’s your read?” asked Hunter.
“Something’s not right.  Maybe he just misspoke, but as I recall, Baroque ‘n’ Legs made millions.  It was in the top ten on three charts for at least a year after it came out, and there was even a U.S. concert tour.  I should know – I saw them in Sacramento that summer.”
“But what does that have to do with anything?”
“Who knows.  But it means Sandy either has a poor memory or trouble with the truth.”

#

Hunter and Greene had to take the remainder of their interrogations to the production studio, because the crew was preparing to film the interstitial video segments for the following week.
The show must go on.
The first person they pulled aside was Erin Tortelli, the floor director.  She was trucking a studio cam across the floor with one hand and talking into her walkie talkie with the other.
“I don’t care,” she said into the device.  “Get the boom mics from next door, then.  We have to have them for the rehearsal segments.  Go!”
“Ms. Tortelli?” asked Greene as he and Hunter approached across the stage, which was covered in cables and script papers.
“What?” she barked, turning to see the detectives.  “Oh, sorry.  How can I help you?”
“Just a couple questions for you,” said Hunter.  “Did you work closely with Lara LaGuardia?”
Erin rolled her eyes and sighed.  “Yes, well – no, I mean, we weren’t close, if that’s what you mean.  I had to work with her every day.  If that’s what you mean.”
“Had to work with her?” asked Greene.
Erin folder her arms across her chest.  “It’s no secret I hated her guts, okay?  But I didn’t kill her.  She wouldn’t be worth the trouble I’d get in.  Besides, I have a temper, but I would never hurt anybody.  There’s a difference, you know?”
“When did you last see her?” asked Greene.
“After the show last night.  She actually walked up to me and said I had done a good job.  Surprised the crap outta me.  I didn’t know what to say, so I just nodded and walked away.”
“Did you see her speak to anyone else last night?”
“Of course I did.  She was a regular flibbertigibbet.  She talked to everyone, all the time.  Couldn’t shut her up, actually.  Made my job a pain, sometimes, trying to get her to zip it when we needed quiet on the set.”
“All right, thanks, Ms. Tortelli, that’s all for now,” said Hunter.
Erin nodded and returned to her work, and Hunter and Greene headed into the booth to talk to Jeff Johnson.
“Hello, Mr. Johnson,” said Hunter.  “I’m Detective Lynn Hunter and this is Detective Steve Greene.  Can you take a few minutes to answer some questions?”
Jeff looked up from the scripts he was marking and said, “Sure.  How can I help you?”
The lights in the booth were up, and the bank of screens turned off, except for the two main screens in the center which showed color bars.  The room smelled like a hot television set.  Nobody else was in the booth.
“Did you know Lara LaGuardia very well?” asked Hunter.
Jeff shrugged.  “Not really.  I mean, I know all the talent, on a professional level, but they don’t really mix much with the crew, ya know?”
“What’s the overall temperature around here?” asked Greene.  “I mean, I know there’s gotta be some tension at this point in the season.  You hear of any little blowups or infighting that maybe isn’t visible on the screen?”
“Oh sure,” said Jeff.  “All the time.  Just like in any workplace.”
“Anything involving Lara?” asked Hunter.
Jeff glanced over at the wall covered in soundproofing foam.  “Not that I know of.”
“Okay, thanks, we’ll let you get back to your scripts,” said Hunter.  “Let us know if you think of anything.”
“Wait,” said Jeff.  “There is one thing.  I don’t know if this is relevant, but, well.  Never mind.”
“No, go on,” said Greene.  “Any information you have could turn out to be useful.”
“You may or may not have heard this already, with your other interviews, but Bryan Oceanfest and Erin Tortelli – the floor director – well, they’ve got something going.  You know – an affair.”
“And?” said Hunter.
“Well,” said Jeff, “Everyone knows Erin hated Lara’s guts.  And you can look at Erin, see how tiny she is – well, it’s clear she couldn’t have killed anybody with her bare hands.”
“So your theory is . . . ” said Greene.
“I figure she got that cheeseball Bryan to do her dirty work.  He’d do anything for her.”

#

The two detectives caught up to Bryan Oceanfest, who was sitting in the Green Room watching some playback of the previous night’s show.
“Looking for something in particular?” asked Hunter as they entered the room that resembled a big living room packed with cushy couches.
“No,” he said, inadvertently pausing the video on a shot of Lara and Sandy exchanging an awkward look.  “I always watch my air checks to critique myself and improve for the next night.”
“Ah,” said Greene.  He sat on the couch next to Bryan and gestured at the screen.  “What are your feelings about Lara?  How are you taking this?”
Bryan shook his head slowly, not taking his eyes off the screen.  “It’s unbelievable.  She was only a few years older than me.  I can’t believe she’s gone.  She really added something good to the judges panel, and I liked working with her.”
“You think this could kill the show?” asked Hunter.
“What?  Oh no, no.  We’re too big to fail.  This’ll only generate more publicity.  But really, when you’re as successful as me – I mean, us – no press is bad press.  Even this.”  He pointed at the screen.  “Lara may even do more for the show in death than she did in life, hate to say.”

#

After a quick trip to the contestants’ mansion, Hunter and Greene headed to the commissary for lunch time.  It was housed in a small, unused warehouse on the west side of the lot.  The food tables, placed under hanging fluorescent lights, were packed with crew members from various TV shows.
Hunter and Greene stood in line for their shot at the buffet.
“Man, these people sure eat well,” said Greene.  “Look at that spread.”
“Union does them well,” said Hunter.
“Of course, it doesn’t compare to that mansion the musicians are staying in,” said Greene, picking up a plate and loading it with ribs.  “That place was phenomenal.”
“Yeah,” said Hunter, opting for the pasta salad.  “And all six of the musicians had an airtight alibi – they were locked into the mansion immediately following the show.”
“Which means it had to be someone on the crew, or one of the judges.”
“Or Bryan Oceanfest,” said Hunter.  “Did you notice how everything seemed to be about him, and the show?  He seemed pretty detached from the reality of LaGuardia’s death.  As if the whole thing was staged or something.”
“I don’t know,” said Greene, grabbing a chocolate milk and leading the way to an empty table near the door.  He placed his tray down and straddled the cold metal bleacher-style bench.  “I still wonder about Polly.  She seemed the least concerned to me.”
“I’d have to disagree, there, partner,” said Hunter.  “Erin the floor director was the least concerned of the bunch.  She seemed practically glad to be rid of Lara.”
“Yeah, but she also seemed honest about it all,” said Greene.
“I still think there’s more going on here,” said Hunter, stuffing some salad into her mouth.  “Not all is what it appears.”
The sound of a tray crashing to the floor made their heads turn to the other side of the commissary.  Some people flinched, and there was a general murmuring.
“Seems like everyone’s pretty jumpy,” said Hunter.
“They’ve lost one of their own, in a pretty hideously violent manner,” said Greene.  “I don’t blame them a bit.”
“Yeah,” said Hunter.  “Thing is – one of these people did it.”
Greene’s eyes scanned the room.  Suddenly everyone looked suspicious.

#

The show that night opened with Bryan Oceanfest solemnly taking the stage with no theme music or voice-over intro.
Instead, he chose a lapel mic over his usual stick mic, and stood with hands clasped in front of him.  A solitary spot light illuminated him.
“Ladies and gentlemen, by now you’ve probably heard in the news of the tragic death -” he choked on the word, then continued, “the tragic death of one of our own, the beautiful and talented Lara LaGuardia.  The producers wish to convey, on behalf of all of us, our deepest condolences to Lara’s family.  But they also want to do what they believe is what Lara would’ve wanted – to make sure that the show must go on.  And so -”
“Standby to bring up studio lights,” said Jeff, “and bring up lights full.”
“Welcome to Symphonic Idol!” Bryan finished with a sweep of his hands and his million dollar grin as the lights flooded the stage and the theme music blared.
The crowd seemed a little perplexed, unsure whether to cheer as usual - feeling like they were dancing on someone’s grave.
“Bring up music,” said Jeff, trying to drown out the confused and lackluster crowd response.
Bryan’s blue eyes twinkled under the lights as he introduced the five remaining contestants and the crowd gradually warmed up to accept the surreal experience.
“Always the consummate professional,” whispered Greene to Hunter as they sat in the back of the booth, watching the production crew work their TV magic.
“I don’t know how he does it – how any of them do it,” said Hunter.  “Their colleague was just brutally killed last night.  And yet here they all are . . . the show must go on.  Amazing.”
“Okay, camera two, standby to get the judges’ table,” said Jeff.  “Remember to only get a three-shot – we don’t want to see Lara’s empty chair.  Standby two, and take two.”
The three remaining judges gave their standard, brief opinions regarding the surviving lineup of musicians.  Each was a little more somber than usual.  Sidney seemed tired, Polly seemed drunk, and Sandy seemed to be trying a little too hard to sound as if nothing was abnormal, which made the whole segment seem awkward and uncomfortable.
“Standby to go to break, standby master control, and roll, and fade,” said Jeff.  He then switched his headset channel to a private channel.
Or so he thought.
“Sandy, what do you think you’re doing out there, you fat fool!” he whispered into his mic.  “You’re overdoing the ‘put on a happy face’ routine.  You’re gonna get us both caught, and I swear I will not take the fall for this alone.”
“Back in thirty seconds,” called Erin from the floor.  “Oh, and Jeff, your channel is open.”
Jeff’s eyes widened.
Sandy’s finger instinctively went to his earpiece as his head snapped around to glare at the booth.
Suddenly, Jeff whipped his headset off and burst out of the booth, loose script papers falling to the floor in his wake.
“And we’re live in ten, nine, eight, seven, six, five,” said Erin.
Hunter grabbed the technical director’s walkie talkie and said, “Security, stop Jeff Johnson!  Don’t let him leave the building!”
Jeff spotted the security guards closing in on him.  He froze, then growled and leapt out onto the stage and ran directly at the judges’ table.
Sandy jumped up, throwing his chair crashing back onto the floor.
Jeff dove over the table and tackled Sandy right as they came back on the air.  In the booth, the technical director took over for Jeff and started catching the whole event live on the air.
“Standby two, take camera two!”
The camera switched to a view of the fight as Sandy braced himself for Jeff’s onslaught, but tumbled over backwards under the force of Jeff’s attack.
Greene and Hunter were close behind Jeff, and jumped into the fray.
Polly screamed and backed her chair away, but Sidney joined the skirmish, grabbing Jeff by one arm and pulling him off Sandy.
The crowd was on its feet – half of them screaming in fear, the other half screaming like excited sports fans.
Bryan Oceanfest stood center stage, flanked by the finalist contestants, an expression something between shock and amusement on his face.  For once, he was speechless.
Sidney and Greene finally managed to pull Jeff off Sandy, but not before Sidney took an elbow to the nose, leaving a stream of blood pouring out onto his white t-shirt.
Then Jeff broke loose of their grip and ran across the stage.  He jumped and tried to clear the brushed steel rail that bordered the front row seats, but his trailing foot caught the rail, and he landed face-first in the second row.
He stumbled to his feet, blood coming from a gash over his left eye.  
He ran up the aisle, back through the crowd, but was headed off by security.  
He scrambled over several seats to the wings, but was cut off again.  
Trapped, he climbed the rigging, knocking a butterfly light from its mountings on his way up.  It crashed on the stage below in a shower of sparks.
He started to cross a catwalk high above the stage, but lost his footing and tumbled over the hand rail.
He dropped about forty feet to the stage, and landed with a bone-splitting thud.  He didn’t move.
His neck broken.
Dead.
Thankfully, the cameras didn’t catch that.
“And we’re clear!” yelled Erin, indicating they’d gone to commercial break.
“All right, Sandy, what’s the score?” asked Hunter.  “Why did he do it?  You might as well tell us – we know you were part of it.  What happened?”
Sandy rubbed at his jaw and straightened his chains.  “Fine, yo.  You wanna know?  I’ll tell you.  I hired Jeff.  He needed the money – said he wanted to retire after this season.  I paid him to take care of Lara.”  He sniffed and rubbed his nose.  “Little witch was blackmailing me.  Made me sign over all residual royalties from the Baroque ‘n’ Legs album to her, in exchange for keeping quiet.”
“Quiet about what?” asked Greene as he slapped a pair of cuffs on the music mogul.
“We didn’t want it to get out.  It would’ve looked really bad,” said Sandy.
“What?” asked Greene.
“Us,” said Polly, standing up on wobbly legs.  “Sandy and I are - *hic* well – we’re sleeping together.”
“Excuse me?” said Greene.
“And we’re back in three, two, one,” announced Erin.
“I said, Sandy and I are sleeping together!” yelled Polly.
The crowd fell silent.
Apparently, her mic was hot.
The technical director was no dummy.  He knew a ratings windfall when he saw one.
Greene just shook his head and looked at Hunter.
“Culture,” he said.  “Heh.”


THE END



If you love taking pot-shots at reality TV, be sure to check out
CANCELED: THE STORY OF AMERICA’S LEAST WANTED
Available at Amazon, Barnes & Noble, iTunes, Kobo & Smashwords




REMEMBER


“Alright, Mrs. Stevens, you may still decide against taking the pill, or you may change your mind and take it later.  If you decide not to do this right now, the pill must remain here in secure storage, and must be administered by us,” said Dr. Hugo Jones.  “And for us to do that, you would need to get prior authorization from the criminal court judge who tried your case.”
Janet Stevens nodded a shaky nod as she sat in the private room at the Office of Judicial Medicine.
“We’ll leave you alone for a few minutes to think about it if you like,” said Jones.  “You can –”
“No!” Janet blurted out.  “I mean, no.  Please don’t leave me alone.  And, I’ve already decided.  I want it gone.”
The assault she’d suffered had left her with something she didn’t want.  Something that would affect the rest of her life.  Something that should never have existed.  Something that the kindly doctor could get rid of simply and quickly.  
A memory.
“Okay, Mrs. Stevens.  As we told you before, what we like to call the Forget Pill has been engineered to your brain chemistry, and will remove only the specific memory of the assault itself.  All your other memories will be left intact, so it’s a perfectly safe procedure - we’ve provided this therapeutic service for hundreds of victims before.  Since the trial is over, and your assailant convicted, there is no more use for that memory.”
“You bet there’s not,” muttered Janet.  The recollection of being attacked by Richard James Ellison, the notorious serial rapist, played through her head several times a day, and all night long through her fitful sleep.  Putting that monster behind bars required her to relive the experience in detail in the courtroom once again - but now it was finally over, and she could be freed from the past.
“The pill will take one sleep cycle to take effect.  That’s typically ninety minutes of sleep, including the REM cycle.  Then, when you awake, you will be rid of that painful memory forever,” said Jones.  “And there will be no way to retrieve it.”
“Why in the world would I want to do that?”

#

Janet sat alone in her apartment, staring at a photo on the wall.  The last photo ever taken of Charles.  The two of them stood arm in arm with their backs to the ocean.  If only Charles had been alive, he could have protected her - he could have beat Ellison senseless before he even laid a hand on her.  But what happened happened, and nothing could change that now.  And even though she wouldn’t remember the actual incident, she’d always know that it had happened.  The thought made her sick to her stomach. 
Her eyes’ focus softened from the photo to her own ghostly reflection in the glass of the photo frame.  Now forty years old, her hair was beginning to turn gray.  Deep crescents hung below her tired eyes, but the rest of her skin was still smooth and wrinkle-free.
She took a seat in the high-back chair and sipped at a cup of hot chocolate.  The ticking clock began to lull her to sleep, when the phone rang.  Startled, she jumped up and grabbed the earpiece off the end table before it could ring again, quickly inserting the tiny device in her ear.  Her heart pounding, she said, “Hello?”
“Janet Stevens?”
“Yes, who’s this?”  She glanced at the clock – it was ten thirty.  Late for a call from a stranger.
“My name is Leonard Roth.  I represented Richard Ellison in his trial.”
“I know who you are,” said Janet, a bitter taste forming in her mouth.  “What do you want – why are you contacting me?”
“I’d rather not discuss this over the phone.  However, it is a very important matter.  Can you meet me?”
“Now?  It’s late, Mr. Roth.  Can’t this wait until the morning?”
“That depends.  Did you take the Forget Pill?”

#

A bell attached to the top of the glass door clanged as Janet stepped out of the cold October air and into the muggy diner.  The air smelled of burned grease – grease that appeared to coat everything in sight.
A tall man in his forties wearing a sharp suit sat alone in a corner booth with his tie loosened.  He caught Janet’s eye and discreetly waved her over to join him.
“Mrs. Stevens,” he said, lifting his backside slightly off the booth’s bench in an awkward effort to show respect.  He extended his hand.  “Leonard Roth.”
Janet stared at his hand for a moment, then sat down and removed her coat.  “I shouldn’t even be here talking to you – not without my attorney,” she said, not looking him in the eye.
“You did the right thing by coming,” said Roth.  “It’s a matter of the life and death of an innocent man.”
“Ellison -” she choked on the man’s name and swallowed hard, “Ellison is anything but an innocent man.  You lost the case.  Why don’t you just give up?”
“Because new evidence just came to me in the form of a phone call tonight.  Honestly, I believed I was defending a guilty man until a couple of hours ago.”
“And now?”
“Now I think we have a case of mistaken identity.”
A tired-looking woman in a uniform with a stained apron came to the table and Janet ordered a cup of decaf.  “You’re saying the man you defended is not Ellison?  That’s crazy.”
“His name is Richard James Ellison, but he is not the Seattle Strangler.  He’s been set up.”
“Mr. Roth, that is just not possible.  I clearly remember that man – the man from the courtroom – attacking me.  He has the name and the face of my attacker.  Explain that.”
“I received a call tonight from a man who claims to be a neuroscientist.  He said that a man paid him a large sum of money to develop a drug – a drug with similar properties to the pill you took this afternoon.  But instead of deleting a memory, it implants a false one.”
Janet just stared at Roth.
“The scientist – who called himself Huang – said that after he developed the drug, he had second thoughts and refused to deliver it.  The man threatened Huang’s family, so he gave it up to him.  I believe that man is the one who assaulted you, and then injected you with a false memory of the attack – a memory of my client attacking you.”
“And how are you supposed to prove this?”
“You need to stay awake long enough for us to figure that out.  Once your false memory of the attack is deleted, the evidence will be gone.”
“And if we can’t figure it out?”
“Then the Seattle Strangler will still be on the loose – with a weapon he can use again and again to deflect blame onto others and remain free to hurt more people like you.”
Janet played with her coffee spoon.  “All right.  Let’s figure this out.”  She stared into her mug of bad-tasting decaf. “I guess I’m going to have to start ordering the real stuff.”

#

“How much farther?” asked Janet.  The freeway was starting to lull her to sleep.
“Not much.  You really need to focus on staying awake, Mrs. Stevens.  It’s the next exit, and then another three miles, according to the mapserver.”
“You might as well call me Janet,” she said.  “Mind if I roll down the window – it’ll help wake me up.”
“Go for it.”
The rain had stopped, but the wind was still cold as she rolled down the power window in Roth’s sports car.  The noise of the wind buffeting through the open window at 95 miles per hour refreshed Janet’s senses and she felt more alert within a few minutes.
Roth pulled off the freeway, drove two miles west, and headed up the hill into a rich-looking neighborhood.
“This is going to be very awkward, Mrs. – uh, Janet,” said Roth.  “Huang has no idea we’re coming – he doesn’t know that I tracked him down through a phone number search.  And he may not be cooperative.  But I’ll get him to talk.”
“How?”
“I’ll offer to represent him for free, and tell him I can get him a good plea bargain.”
“Considering how well you performed for your last client, that may not be much of a bargaining chip, Mr. Roth.”
Roth faked a smile.  “Please, call me Leo.”
They pulled up to a spacious home with vast gardens, and got out and rang the door chime.  After a few minutes, a light came on, and they heard bolts unlocking.  The door opened a few inches, stopped by a short chain.  A young Asian man poked his nose out and frowned at the two visitors.
“What you want?”
“To talk to you, Mr. Huang.”
Huang’s eyes widened.  “You’re that lawyer!  The one from the Ellison trial!  I saw you on TV.”
“And you spoke to me a few hours ago.”
“I don’t know what you’re talking about.  And who’s she?”
“A friend.  Listen, may we come in?”
Huang stared at Janet, and then stared at Roth.  He closed the door and undid the chain lock.  The door opened, and the silk pajama-clad scientist ushered them in.  They sat in his living room in overstuffed leather chairs.  Huang brought the lights up on a dimmer to about the halfway point, leaving the room somewhere between dark and light.
“Why you come to my house?”
“We need information.  What you said to me earlier – about the memory drug.  I need to know more.”
“I have no idea what you’re talking about.  I have never spoken to you before in my life.”
“Are you certain, Mr. Huang?” said Roth, starting to get confused.  Huang seemed to be telling the truth.  “It would have been two and a half hours ago – right about ten o’clock.”
“I’m telling you, Mr. Roth, I made no phone calls.  I came home from the lab, got in the hot tub, started watching a movie and fell asleep.”
A disturbing thought occurred to Roth.  “How long have you been asleep?”
“About two hours, I think.  Why?”
“We need to get to your lab.  I have a feeling that a urinalysis will detect traces of RBh-11 in your system.”
“The Forget Pill?  You think I took the Forget Pill?  That’s crazy.”
“I think someone slipped the pill to you without your knowledge.  And if your pee-test comes up clean, then you can call me crazy.  Until then, it’s very important that we all go to your lab.”
“Why should I go and test myself based on your crazy ideas?”
“Because if you don’t, I’ll call the cops, and they’ll get a warrant, and we’ll test you anyway.  And your resistance to a test will not look good when this all goes to trial.”
“Trial?  For what?”
“A number of conspiracy charges would be my guess.”
Huang stood.  “Let me change my clothes.”

#

“RBh-11.  I don’t believe it!” said Huang, staring at the computer screen in astonishment.  “Who – why?”
“The real Seattle Strangler.  Clearly he thought to cover his tracks,” said Roth.
“He must have replaced my medication that I take after dinner each night,” said Huang.  “So, what exactly did I tell you on the phone tonight – before I fell asleep and lost my memories?”
“You said you helped a man develop a drug for inducing false memories – custom-made false memories.”
“If I did such a thing, there would be a record of it in my computers.  He may have been able to slip me a drug, but he did not have access to my systems.  The evidence must be in here somewhere,” he said, frantically typing passwords and digging into files on his computer.  “Here.  This folder looks unfamiliar to me.  It’s called ‘FMN.’  And of course, it is password protected, and I don’t know my own password.”
“FMN?”
“Forget Me Not.  That project name seems familiar.  But I do not know the password.”
“Think, Huang.  What might you have chosen for the password?”
Huang ran through all his usual password choices.  Then he ran through keywords that may be related to the associated files.  Finally, he cracked it.
“Remember,” he said.
“That’s the password?” said Janet.
“Makes sense, doesn’t it?” said Huang.
He opened the file and studied the contents for a few minutes.  To anyone else, it would look like gibberish, but to Huang, it was pure genius.
“This is amazing,” he said, his eyes rapidly scanning the data through his thick glasses.  “I can’t believe I thought of this.  I’m not just a genius, I am an artist!  This is incredible!”
“Why don’t you pat yourself on the back later, Huang,” said Roth.  “Janet here is getting very tired.  We need you to tell us about the false memory that was created for Janet.  How was it designed?  What truths did it replace?  How did it work?”
“Those are all very good questions, Mr. Roth.  And I’m not sure I have all the answers.”
“Do you have anything to perk me up?” asked Janet.  “I’m really fading here.”
Huang went to his small refrigerator in the lab and brought back an energy drink.  “I always have to keep these things on hand,” he said with a smile.  “Sometimes I get going on my work and just can’t stop, and end up pulling all-nighters.”
“Ah, to be young again,” said Janet.  She slurped at the canned drink.
“Listen,” said Roth, sitting on a lab stool.  “What can you tell us about the false memory?”
“It may take some time for me to understand all the coding,” said Huang.  “You have to remember, because of the RBh-11, all this is new to me.”
“No, you have to remember, Mr. Huang.  This just seems new, but it came from your brain.  You designed this drug.  And you need to figure it out, fast.”
“I’ll do my best,” said Huang.

#

“Janet.  Janet!  You need to keep talking,” said Roth.
“Hmm?  Okay,” said the bleary-eyed Janet, sitting on a couch at one end of the lab.  Her voice slurred as if she were drunk.  “The sun is coming up.  I’ve been up for over twenty-four hours.  What do you want me to talk about?”
“Tell me about your husband.”
“Charles?  Charles was a good man.  Well, he wasn’t a bad man.  He went to work every day, came home each night.  Treated me alright.”
“You sound underwhelmed,” said Roth.
“Well, marriage just wasn’t the fairy tale I’d dreamed of as a little girl – we’d grown stale over the years, I guess.  But nothing to really complain about - until that last business trip.”
“May I ask what happened?”
“He didn’t come back, that’s what happened.  His train was hit by a plane.  Isn’t that crazy?  A stinking commuter aircraft crash landed on the train my husband was riding.  Struck the car he was in – killed everybody.”
“Yes, I remember hearing about it on the news last year,” said Roth.  “Terrible freak accident.  I’m very sorry.”
“Mr. Roth,” Huang called over from his seat at the computer.  “I think I may have something.”
Roth and Janet came over.
“I’ve pieced together the data, and it’s starting to make sense.  The chemistry of the false memory drug is based on association.”
“Association?  Explain.”
“The human brain creates what we call associations when two patterns of neural activity happen at the same time and happen over and over again.”
“Like learning?” asked Roth.
“Sort of, but more on a brain cell level.  For instance, if the neural activity caused by a visual image of an ambulance and the activity caused by the sound of a siren occur simultaneously and repetitively, the separate neural chains will create new synaptic connections and become one interconnected network of neurotransmitters.  Once the new set of connections between visual and auditory networks is established, simply stimulating one part of the network, like hearing the siren, can activate the visual part, and you’ll automatically visualize an ambulance.”
“Makes sense,” said Roth.  “Seems pretty basic.  How does it relate to the memory drug?”
“Mr. Roth, association is a very powerful component of how the brain works.  Through association, we connect all of our incoming sensory stimuli – sight, sound, touch, and even scent and taste – to create the whole person, place, thing or action.  It is the basis of how memory functions.  So, I used associative neurons as the basis for the drug.  It works by synthesizing components of association to build neural connections about things that did not really occur.”
“So, how do we use my false memory to reconstruct what really happened?” asked Janet, feeling more alert once again.
“First, I’ll need to run some brain scans.  You’ll need to remember every detail of the attack while I am measuring your brain waves and sampling the neural activity.  Then I’ll need to run an analysis.”
“How will that work?” asked Janet.
“I’ll run the same scans while you think about a preset list of associative stimuli – things common to everyday life, and things specific to your own life and experiences.  I will build a library of your neural chains, based on those associations.  Then I will compare the results.”
“So, I need to relive it all again?”
“I’m sorry, Mrs. Stevens, it’s the only way.”
“Well, let’s get started.  I’m exhausted.”

#

With neural patches attached to her temples and forehead, as well as some painful probes inserted under the base of her skull, Janet was ready for the real pain to start as she began to recall every detail of her assault experience.
Following Huang’s instructions, she immersed herself in the memory, conjuring every minute aspect of the experience – the sights, the sounds, the smells, the very emotions.
Huang read her brain patterns, cataloging all the inter-connected neurotransmissions, tracing the labyrinth of associations while Janet narrated the memory aloud.
“And that’s all I remember,” she finished, short of breath and sweating slightly.  “The next thing I knew, I was waking up with my sister standing over me asking me what had happened.”
“Thank you, Mrs. Stevens,” said Huang.  “I got what I needed.  Next we will perform the same measurements as you are exposed to a number of standardized stimuli.  There will be sounds, images, and smells, as well as touch sensations – heat, cold, smooth, rough – basic things.”
After the standardized assessment, Huang moved onto the final phase.
“Now I need you to recall things familiar to you.  Imagine your home – the way it looks and smells.  Picture people close to you – your family, your husband, your friends.  Imagine your workplace, the local grocery store, your car.  Recall some things that are relatively new to your life, such as your current job, and also think of old memories, like things and people you’ve known since childhood.  And please describe each to me as I measure your brain activity.”
Janet did as she was instructed, and finally the monitors and probes were removed.
“Alright,” said Huang.  Now I will need to process the data.”
“How long will it take?” asked Roth.
“A couple of hours.”
“Mind if I take a nap while we’re waiting?” asked Janet.
“You should remain awake,” said Huang.  “I may require additional data.”
Janet sighed heavily.  “Then get me another one of those energy drinks, please.”

#

To keep Janet awake, Roth took her for a stroll around the building in the early morning sunshine.  The air was crisp, and their voices hung in little dissipating clouds as they spoke.  Most of the trees that surrounded Northwest Research Park had lost their leaves, but a few still clung in vain to the wispy branches.
“So, I’ve told you about Charles,” said Janet.  “Are you married, Leo?”
“Not anymore.  A long time ago, when I was fresh out of law school, I got married.  But after about two years she ran away with the local district attorney.  It was quite the little scandal back in Indianapolis.  So, I packed up, moved out here to Washington and never looked back.”
“People can be so selfish,” said Janet.  They walked a little further before she spoke again.  “And nobody ever took her place?”
“Oh, I dated on and off, but I never got serious with anyone.  I prefer to just do my job, read, and run marathons.”
“Well, I feel like I’ve run a marathon in the last day and a half,” said Janet.  “Only, I’m not trained for it.”
Roth’s cell phone rang.
“It’s Huang,” he said to Janet.
“Mr. Roth, I have pieced together some answers, but I need more data.  One thing I know for sure, the real Seattle Strangler is someone Mrs. Stevens knows personally.  Someone she has known for a long time.”
“Are you sure?” said Roth.
“Positive.  Her reconstructed association datapoints prove it beyond any doubt.  If I can just –”
Silence.
“Huang?  Mr. Huang, are you there?” 
“What is it?” asked Janet.
“The call was dropped,” Roth said in frustration, slipping his cell phone back in his pocket.  “We need to get back to the lab.  Come on.”
Roth and Janet walked into the large laboratory room.  It seemed even quieter than it had earlier.  Roth spied the computer at which Huang had been working, but there was nobody there.  As he stepped closer, he heard a quiet splattering under his shoes.  He looked down at a pool of deep crimson.  He followed the still-oozing puddle, and it led to Huang.  The scientist’s smashed eyeglasses lay beside his body - his throat sliced from ear to ear.
“Janet, stay back, don’t look!”
“What, what is it?” asked Janet.
“Huang’s dead.  We need to leave here, now.”
Roth ran toward the frozen Janet and grabbed her by the hand.  “Now!”
Roth tugged at her arm and broke through the shock and fear gripping Janet.  She ran hand in hand with him through the lab, and they burst through the lab door into the hallway.  Their footfalls echoed down the corridor as they sprinted for the exit.
The door was locked.
“That can’t be!  We just came in this way,” said Roth.
They turned and ran back the way they came, then turned down another hallway, heading for a door at the end with an exit sign over it.  The door opened into a concrete stairwell that only led up.
“Let’s go back,” said Janet, panting.
“The killer is back there somewhere,” said Roth.  “We need to find a way out.  This building is on a hill – the second floor opens at ground level at the back.  Let’s try to get out there.”
Janet’s weary muscles ached as they climbed the stairs.  They finally emerged on the second floor and headed toward the back of the building.  As they smashed through the back door, they spotted the killer running to a vehicle, jumping in, and speeding off.
“Did you get a look at him?” asked Roth, quickly catching his breath.
“I couldn’t see his face,” said Janet, still struggling for oxygen.  “But - but there was something familiar about him – it was the way he ran.  I – I can’t put my finger on it.”
They went back inside to the lab and called the police.  Then they tried to dig clues out of what was on Huang’s computer.
“The files have been deleted,” said Roth.  “We’re back at square one!”
“Maybe not,” said Janet.  She reached down to Huang’s lifeless hand and pulled a small device from his stiffening grip.
“A flash drive – he must have saved his work when he heard someone coming into the lab,” said Roth.
“If we wait around for the cops, we’re going to miss an opportunity to see this data and get this figured out before I pass out,” said Janet.
“You’re right.  Let’s take the flash drive back to my place and see what’s on it.”

#

Back at Roth’s condo, Janet sipped on a Shock Cola while Roth booted up the computer.  He inserted the flash drive and pulled up Huang’s preliminary conclusions.  
“The data shows that the real killer is indeed known to you,” Roth said.  “He’s someone you’ve known very well for a number of years.  Huang’s notes also indicate that neural systems naturally ‘notice’ novelty and ‘ignore’ what is routine.  That’s why the false memory was a good fit for your brain – most of the associations were already in place and could be manipulated without you recognizing that anything was wrong.”
Janet read over Roth’s shoulder.  “The brain secures memories by transferring them from short-term to long-term storage, through a process called reconsolidation, that occurs during REM sleep.  So, that’s why I was knocked out – the false memory had to be loaded into my brain, just like how the Forget Pill works.”
“It’s also why you are alive today.  The Seattle Strangler always kills his victims.  He left you alive so that you could testify, and unwittingly assist him in his plan to frame my client.”
“Is there anything else in Huang’s data to suggest how I can get the real memory back?”
“Let me see,” said Roth, scrolling through the information.  “Just more of that stuff about association.  Based on what Huang said, I would recommend we visit places familiar to you, and that you think about the attacker while we’re there – see if any true associations come to mind.”
“Alright, let’s start at my house.”
They crossed the city to Janet’s home.  It was now late morning and the rush-hour traffic had mostly cleared up.
Janet roamed from room to room, seeing her attacker in her mind’s eye, and also recalling the back of the man who ran to the car at the lab.  She picked up photo albums and leafed through them, and even smelled various artifacts around the house.  She went to the hall closet and pulled out Charles’ old sport jacket and breathed in the smell of the cologne he used to wear.
A flash of a violent image tore through her mind.
She felt her throat constrict.
Hard to breathe.
“No!” she screamed.
Her knees buckled and she sank to the floor, as yet another violent image struck her senses.  She once again saw Huang’s murderer running to the car.  She once again felt like she was pinned to the floor, unable to move, unable to gasp for air.
“It can’t be,” she whispered.
“What – what is it?” asked Roth, stooping to help her up from the floor.
Before he could reach her, his head was pounded by a frying pan.  Roth collapsed in a heap beside Janet.  Behind him stood Charles Stevens.
The Seattle Strangler.
“You’re dead!  Charles, how could you?  How – why?  Charles!”  Tears gushed from Janet’s eyes as she struggled in vain to form sentences too disturbing to utter.
Charles just stood there over Janet, breathing heavily.  He dropped the frying pan to the floor.  “Why didn’t you just go to sleep?  That’s all you had to do!” he snarled.
“Charles – I don’t understand!” she whimpered, as fear and confusion gripped her heart like a vice.
“A man has to have a hobby.  Something to relieve stress, you know.  But you were starting to get in the way of the things I was doing.  But I didn’t want to kill you.  And I didn’t want anyone to connect me with my hobby.  I had the perfect plan.  But you ruined it.  Now I have no choice but to -”  
Janet reached into the closet and grabbed a shoebox.  In it lay the loaded Colt 45 they’d kept there, unused, for years.
She pointed it at her husband.
“You wouldn’t,” said Charles, his deep, gravelly voice betraying no emotion.  He took a step toward her.
Janet closed her eyes and squeezed the trigger.  Nothing.  Just a click.  A demented smile turned up one corner of Charles’ mouth as he took another step.
Janet squeezed the trigger again.
BANG
A hole appeared in Charles’ chest as he was lifted off the floor and landed on his back.  He didn’t move.

#

Roth sat in the booth of the greasy diner, a small bandage on his head to cover the almost-healed gash.  Janet sat across from him sipping some hot cocoa.
“I felt like I could’ve slept for days,” she said.  “Of course, I only ended up crashing for twelve hours.  I guess you can never really get caught up on lost sleep.”
“No, not really.  But you look well-rested.”
“Well as can be, I suppose.”
“I heard you decided to keep the traumatic memory of the shooting.”
“Yes.  I’ve had more than enough of memory manipulation.  I’ll just keep it, and deal with it.  I think it’ll do me good, actually.”  She placed her mug on the table and dabbed the corner of her mouth with a napkin.  “I heard you got your client released.”
“Well, he was innocent.  After your husband recovered sufficiently, he confessed to everything.  He had framed Ellison because Ellison’s name had been floated as a suspect in the press.  In fact, my client had done nothing more than to be in the wrong place at the wrong time, coincidentally on two separate occasions.  The cops just couldn’t resist that much of a coincidence.  Neither could your husband.”
“Ex-husband.  What’s going to become of Charles, now that he’s been convicted?”
“The DA is pushing for a new form of sentencing.  He wants the punishment to fit the crime.”
“Really?  What is he proposing?”
“He says his idea would have a rehabilitative effect in addition to being punitive. He wants Charles to be implanted with fabricated memories from all of his victims – so he has to relive the attacks over and over from their points of view.  They’re calling it the Huang Method.”
Janet pondered a moment and slowly nodded.  “You don’t sound like you’re sold on that idea,” she said, noting Roth’s expression as he rubbed at a healing wound atop his scalp.  “Personally, I think that sounds perfect.”
“Well, there’s just one thing I think they left out.”
“What’s that?”
“They have no plans of making him relive my memory of getting smashed in the head with a frying pan.”
For the first time in a long time, Janet Stevens laughed.


THE END





A GIRL’S BEST FRIEND


“It only makes sense, Natalie,” said Reggie, loosening her crimson silk tie and unbuttoning the top button of her black dress shirt with one hand.  
She stood up from her red leather 60s retro armchair, as if to enforce her point.  “All matter – as far as we know – is composed of the same basic stuff.”  
She strolled to the wet bar and used a pair of stainless steel tongs to drop a pair of ice cubes into a scotch glass. 
“It’s all subatomic particles that combine to make protons, neutrons, electrons.  Atoms.  The atoms combine in different ways to make molecules.  And, voila!” she said, holding up her glass.  “Ice.  Or whatever you want.  It’s all about combining and recombining the essential building blocks.”
“Your point?” I asked, using one foot to rotate my black wooden stool back and forth behind the bar.
“Point is,” she said, raising the glass to eye level and peering at the ice, as if seeing frozen water for the first time, “if we had a way to manipulate the building blocks, we could create anything we wanted.”
“That’s profound,” I said, rolling my eyes.  I leaned my elbows on the bar and supported my chin with the balls of my hands.  “Trouble is, how are you going to manipulate the building blocks?”
“Quantum magnets.”
“Huh?”
“Quantum.  Magnets.”
“And I suppose you have a couple of those in your back pocket?” I said, reaching for my glass tumbler of water.
She reached into her vest pocket.  “Actually, not my back pocket, but close.”  
She held out a small glass case that contained what appeared to be two shiny pencil-shaped rods of some kind of chromium-looking material.
“Quantum magnets, I presume?” I said, leaning over the bar to get a closer look.  I reached for them, but Reggie pulled back reflexively, guarding her treasure.
“Ah-ah-ah,” she chided.  “No touchy, only looky.”
She held them before her eyes, as she had just done with the glass of ice, only this time with a strange smile on her glistening red lips and a gleam in her eyes.  “These babies are worth more than gold, or rubies, or, well, anything.”
“How – how did you get them?” I asked.
“I made them,” she said with a smug smirk.  “In my lab.  It’s what I’ve been working on for the past two years – after hours, when we’re not doing the contract work.”
While I contemplated her accomplishment, a silence fell between us, and the room started to feel uncomfortably warm.  I looked down at the bar, then out the picture window that overlooked the city lights in the valley below.  Then I looked back at Reggie.  “You’ve tested them?  They work?”
“Of course I’ve tested them,” said Reggie, looking offended.  “I am a scientist, Nat.  I would never make unsubstantiated claims.”  She strolled back to her chair and flopped down in it, the glass box between the fingers of her right hand still the object of her focus.  “I invited you over tonight because I wanted to celebrate my success, and make a proposal.”
Intrigued, I stepped off my stool, rounded the bar, and crossed the room to the window beside Reggie’s chair.  I stared out, my hands clasped behind my back, fingering the diamond ring on my left hand.  “What would that be?”
“Well, this afternoon, in my lab, I undertook a simple experiment.  I used bosonic particles that compose the atoms of air and reassembled them into carbon, forming a single one-carat diamond of perfect cut, color and clarity.  Indeed, you could say I made a gem out of thin air!”
“That’s astounding,” I said, turning to Reggie.  “Where is it?”
“It disintegrated – turned back into air – after about an hour of steady degradation.  That’s why I need your help.”
“Go on.”
“You have experience with biochemical neutrino decay, don’t you?”
“Yes – of course. The processes I developed for Sharpley Corporation changed the artificial organ industry.  Made it possible for – OH!  You want to infuse your creations with anti-neutrinos to provide combinant stability!”
“Exactly,” she smiled.
“But where are you going to get anti-neutrinos?  We exhausted the supply.”
Reggie’s face darkened.  “It was shortsighted and irresponsible for the government to take all the anti-neutrinos found on that meteorite and use them all for medical research.  Stupid, bleeding-hearts,” she spat, twisting her face to emphasize her distaste.  She paused, took a deep breath, then her face softened.  “All I need is a few micrograms to use as seed.  With my quantum magnets, I can create more, store them, and use them to create whatever I want, in whatever quantity I want.”
“That’s great, Reggie, but it’s too late.  All the anti-neutrinos are now inside of thousands of individuals – transplant patients – keeping them alive.  In fact, I’m one myself.  Half of my heart is artificial - held together by anti-neutrino biotechnology that I designed.”
Reggie stood and glared at me from under compressed eyebrows.  “That,” she said softly, “is why you’re here.”
A jarring blast of pain shot through my jaw.  She’d hit me out of nowhere with a left hook.
Dizzy and surprised, I fell to my knees and shook my head, rubbing my jaw.
Before I could get my wits about me, Reggie grabbed my hands behind my back and bound them with duct tape, then laid me back on the floor, my arms trapped under me.
She straddled me and sat on my belly, then pulled her quantum magnets out of her pocket and shed the glass casing.
She clicked them on, and a small blue glow appeared at the tip of each.
“Now, hold still,” she breathed, her normally neat hair scattered and beads of sweat on her brow.
She placed the tips of the instruments to my chest, and as she extracted the anti-neutrinos holding my heart together, my strength to resist faded away as the life ebbed out of me.
The last thing I saw was my best friend’s smiling face.





PHILATELIST’S GOLD


“State your full name, age and address, for the record.”
The mannequin-like robo-bailiff sounded real enough as it hovered directly in front of the defendant, its transcription sensors on, doubling as court recorder.  
The small, nearly empty courtroom was housed in a brightly-lit partition of an old space freighter converted into a municipal building in Armstrong City.  Moon-dust covered everything from the floor to the judge’s bench to the synthetic bailiff itself – but not for lack of cleaning; it just seemed impossible to keep the stuff outside.
The black-haired man on the witness stand looked nervously at Judge Armando Hawkins – a tanned, white-robed man in his late twenties with white, slicked-back hair – and back at the bailiff.  “Albert Reginald Pope.  Thirty five years old.  741-B Apollo Boulevard, Armstrong City, Luna 57JH.”
The robo-bailiff’s face was impassive.  “You are charged in the death of Fawn Redding.  Aggravated murder.  How do you plead?”
Pope licked his lips and scratched absently at a scab on his right ear.  “Um, not guilty.”
“The court will hear evidence,” said Judge Hawkins.  “Mr. Quince?”
Rufus Quince, the young, blond District Attorney for Luna North, stood up from behind a small plastic table and stepped to the center of the room, his scuffed brown cowboy boots leaving footprints in the powdery dust.  He looked like he’d seen too many late nights or too many hardened criminals.  Or both.  “Your honor, there is ample evidence to convict Mr. Pope.  Blood was found on the victim, under her finger nails.  DNA tests are pending from Earth Genetics.  But the wound on his ear was no doubt sustained in a struggle with the victim.  And the victim’s prize collection is gone.  I have-”
“Please specify,” said the judge.  “Are you stating that robbery was the motive?  And what exactly are you alleging the defendant has stolen?”
Quince turned to the table and picked up a clear plastic file folder.  He pulled out an eight by ten photo.  “These.”  The image was of three very large postage stamps.  “This is a photo, enlarged, of course, of the late Ms. Redding’s philately collection.  These stamps were, together, worth nearly five million credits.”
“For three postage stamps?” Judge Hawkins asked incredulously.
“Yes,” said Quince, stepping to the bench and handing the photo to the judge.  “Mr. Pope learned of their existence and their value, attempted to steal them, was caught in the act, struggled with Ms. Redding, strangled her to death, and then absconded with the stamps.  He smuggled them back to Earth where he sold them on the web for a cool two million credits – less than half their worth, but it was all profit.”
“Do you deny these accusations, Mr. Pope?” asked the judge, turning to the defendant.
“Absolutely.  I have no idea what the D.A. is talking about.”  Pope rubbed at his ear again and sniffed sharply.
“The witness is lying,” said the robo-bailiff, carefully monitoring Pope’s bio-rhythms.  Robo-bailiffs were notoriously unreliable lie detectors, but there was no way to switch off that function in the older models, so judges took their “advice” with a grain of salt.
“Mr. Quince – what else do you have, besides your own idea of what happened?” said Hawkins, frowning impatiently.
“I’ve traced an anonymous transaction from Earth into Mr. Pope’s account at the Bank of Luna.  The amount was two million credits.  It occurred four days after the crime.”  Quince sat back down and leafed through some papers.  “Further, surveillance video from the day before the transaction – three days after the robbery and murder – show Pope shipping a small envelope at GlobEx.  I’ve traced the shipment.  It went to Earth, where it changed hands several times in the first day of its arrival – and then I lost track of it.  That kind of activity is common among smuggled items.”
“Circumstantial,” said Judge Hawkins.  “Any witnesses to the actual crime?”
Quince looked down.  “No.”
“Mr. Pope,” said the judge, “How do you explain the large sum of money deposited into your account?”
Pope shifted in his seat.  “An old friend of mine died.  He left it to me.”
“Anonymously?” asked Hawkins.
“Apparently.”
“Why would he deposit the money anonymously?” asked Hawkins.
“Search me.  I’d ask him, but he’s dead.”
“The witness is evading,” said the robo-bailiff.
“Mr. Pope,” Quince interjected, “the day before your arrest, you withdrew a half million credits.  What did you do with that money?”
“Spent it.”
“On what?”
“This and that.  What’s it matter?”
“Answer the question, Mr.Pope,” barked Hawkins.
“I loaned it to an acquaintance.”
“The witness is being truthful,” announced the bailiff.
Quince flipped open his cyberpad and tapped the screen a few times, then stood.  “Your honor, I have one final piece of evidence.  I’ve just received confirmation that Mr. Pope’s recent web browsing history includes several sites that focus on stamp collecting.  My assistant, Miss Waverly, is uploading the records to your cyberpad right now.”
The judge flipped open his device and scanned the information.  Then he looked up and scrutinized Pope.  “I don’t need to wait for the DNA results.  The evidence Mr. Quince has presented is good enough for me.  Albert Pope, you are hereby convicted of the aggravated murder of Fawn Redding, and the theft of her rare stamp collection, as well as smuggling and resale of stolen goods.  The standard sentence is death, to be carried out in seven days.”
Justice was simple and swift on the Lunar frontier.
A defendant received legal counsel, if they wanted it and could afford it.  But the man on the bench was literally judge, jury, and executioner.  He didn’t wield a giant axe, but he was the one responsible for administering the death pill.
While the robo-bailiff dragged Al Pope from the courtroom, Rufus Quince nodded his farewell to Judge Hawkins and made his way out to the street.
He headed down Armstrong City’s main thoroughfare, a dusty drag that led to the suburban housing domes in one direction, and the seedier side of the settlement in the other.  Quince headed for “seedy” and stopped at a saloon called the Crater’s Shadow.
“The usual, Bob,” he said, taking a seat at the counter and placing his cyberpad and file folder beside the squat glass of Purple Slush that had arrived before his butt had settled onto the tattered stool.  Bob the auto-tender was remarkably efficient for a thirty year old Servomatic robot with a gimp leg.
The room was dimly lit, and the sound of American music played on an old juke machine, punctuated by the sound of billiard balls smacking against each other.  It smelled vaguely of puke.
Quince felt right at home.
He hadn’t always been a lawyer.  Young Rufus had wanted to be a farmer, like his father – one of the first men to begin farming in the Secondary New Tranquility Biosphere.  But after his family was killed by bandits along the Discovery Highway outside of Armstrong City, the eighteen year old Rufus went on a major drinking binge, picking fights with every criminal he could find (and finding them was easy where Rufus hung out).  After nearly dying in three separate bar fights, he finally decided he could best avenge his parents and sister by becoming a prosecutor.
So, he cleaned himself up, spent his meager inheritance to attend Aldrin University, and worked his way up to D.A. in a matter of months after graduating.  Apparently, District Attorneys didn’t last too long on the moon – too much work, not enough pay.  Most moved back to Earth within a year of taking the job.
Quince had been at it for three years now, and had no plans of giving it up.
“One more,” he said to Bob, who served it up within a few seconds.
After sipping down the second drink, he grabbed his things and started to leave the Crater’s Shadow.  As he reached the door, an older man – maybe 55 or 60, it was hard to tell in the dim lighting - stepped in, temporarily blinding Quince with the light from outside.  As his eyes quickly recovered, the man spoke to him in a hoarse voice.
“Excuse me, are you Rufus Quince, the prosecutor?”
“Who wants to know?”
“Name’s Vernon Phillips.  I need to talk to you.  You just sent an innocent man to death row.”
Quince was immediately skeptical.  It wouldn’t be the first time that a felon’s friend had come claiming that Quince’s last prosecution was some kind of mistake.  Quince had little patience for these types.  “Excuse me,” he said, pushing past the older man.
Phillips grabbed him by the arm with surprising strength.  “You don’t understand.”  He leaned in so close Quince could feel the man’s stale breath on his cheek.  “I did it.  I killed Fawn Redding.”

#

“Now let me get this straight,” said Judge Hawkins.  “This man wants to take Pope’s place on Death Row?”
“He has confessed, and says he just wants to make things right,” said Quince.
They were back in the dusty courtroom, the judge, the prosecutor, the convicted – and Vernon Phillips.
“Your honor,” said Phillips, “if I may speak.  It’s not that I am eager to die.  By all means, I am not.  But I don’t want an innocent man to pay for my mistakes, either.”
“The witness is being truthful,” said the robo-bailiff.
“And what mistakes are those, exactly, Mr. Phillips?” asked Judge Hawkins.
“I-I-when I went to Fawn Redding’s house – when I broke in – all I wanted was the stamps.  I knew how valuable they were, and knew it would be easy to get them planetside to fence them.  I didn’t expect her to walk in on me, and I didn’t mean to kill her.  I panicked.”
“Well, this is very unusual,” said Hawkins.  “I normally would be very pleased to have someone confessing in my court – tends to make my job easier – but in this case, I’d have to reverse a previous judgment.”  He looked over at Pope, who looked much less nervous than he had during his own trial.  “In order to do that, I will need to see some kind of evidence to back up your claims, Mr. Phillips – something that, in a sense, will compel me to overturn my previous verdict.”
“Well,” said Phillips, gulping visibly, “I don’t have any concrete evidence, exactly.  But I can tell you details of the crime that only the real killer could know.”
“Such as?” asked Quince.
“Um, when I entered Miss Redding’s apartment, I went straight to her bedroom closet.  The stamps were in a small green box on the top shelf, under a denim skirt.  When she came in, I was just taking the stamps out of the box.  I dropped them on her bed, and rushed towards her.  We fell over her vanity chair and struggled.  The drapes got caught under our bodies and ripped.  After it was over, I left her where she was, right by the vanity, with her feet slightly under the bed.  I picked up the stamps, and left the box behind.  I left out the back door of the apartment building, onto Kennedy Street.”
Judge Hawkins and Quince both studied copies of the police reports on the cyberpads as Phillips spoke, confirming every detail.
“Fascinating,” said Hawkins.  “You are either very familiar with this classified report, or you were at the scene of the crime.”
“Of course I was there, your honor, I committed the crime.”
Quince looked over at Pope, who looked almost smug.  “So, Mr. Phillips,” he said, “how long have you known Mr. Pope?”
“I’ve never met Mr. Pope before,” said Phillips.
“The witness is lying,” said the robo-bailiff.
“Would you care to rethink your answer?” asked Hawkins.
Phillips took a deep breath and exhaled.  “Mr. Pope and I met three days before the crime.”
“What is the nature of your relationship?” asked Quince.
“We’re business associates, I suppose,” said Phillips.
“Explain,” said Quince.
“I knew I would need someone to transport the stamps for me once I had them.  I approached Mr. Pope with a business proposition.  I suggested that I would pay him one hundred thousand credits to mail an envelope for me at GlobEx.  Mr. Pope was immediately suspicious, and said he didn’t want to get involved in anything illegal.  So I told him that if he didn’t do it, I’d kill his family.  Of course, I wouldn’t actually do that – I’m not a killer.  Well, I am now, but that was an accident.  Anyway, I told him I would also need to pass sizable amount of credits through his account.  A large deposit that I’d have him withdraw in portions until only the one hundred thousand I owed him was left.  I’m a man of my word, and insisted on paying him for his help.”
“So what happened?  How did Pope wind up arrested and convicted, and why are you now confessing?” asked the judge.
“Well, at first, when he was collared, I figured I was off the hook.  And that was great.  But then I realized that he was going to be executed, and I already felt bad about killing Redding.  I didn’t want any more innocent blood on my hands.  Your honor, I’m a thief and an extortionist and a smuggler.  But I am not a cold blooded murderer or a liar.  And I’m prepared to pay the price for my crimes, since this man Mr. Pope certainly doesn’t deserve to.”
“I’ve come to my decision,” said Judge Hawkins.  “Mr. Phillips will be remanded into custody.  Mr. Pope will be released on his own recognizance, all charges against him dropped and his record expunged.  Mr. Phillips, you are sentenced to death, to be carried out at the time previously appointed for Mr. Pope – that is, at five o’clock tonight.  Court adjourned.”
He smacked the gavel down and stood up.
Quince’s eyebrows shot upward.  He wasn’t yet ready to buy this story from Vernon Phillips.  Something just didn’t feel right.  But the case was closed, and Hawkins had already vacated the bench, his white robes flowing behind him as he quickly disappeared through his private door at the back of the courtroom.
Quince grabbed his things and started for the door.  He saw Phillips and Pope exchange glances as one was released and the other taken in cuffs to the cell block door.
Phillips looked sad and relieved; as you would expect him to if his story was true.  But Pope looked strangely satisfied with himself, when you’d expect him to look more relieved.
Quince left and turned toward the Crater’s Shadow, something nagging at him all the way down the street.
Why would Pope be so smug if he was just the victim of extortion and false charges?  Was there more to the relationship between Pope and Phillips?  And what about the blood?  The DNA results were due any time – maybe they’d shed some light on all of this – maybe the biological analysis would tell who was really at the scene of the crime and who wasn’t.
Quince turned a few paces from the door to the Crater’s Shadow and headed across the street, then down Grissom Lane to his office on the second floor of an old library.
“Miss Waverly,” he said as he breezed through the office door, “have the DNA results come in – from the Redding case?  Miss Waverly?”
He turned the corner into his private office and found Miss Waverly.
Lying on the floor in pool of blood.
“Sandra!” he yelled, dropping to his knees beside her.  He saw she was breathing, so he gently tapped her face with his palm.  “Sandra,” he said, pulling up her blouse to examine the knife wound in her abdomen.  
“Mr. Quince,” she said weakly, half-opening her blue eyes and turning her head slowly toward him, her red hair scattered all around her shoulders.  “He destroyed the records – the DNA results.  And he looked something up in the database before he left.”
“Who?  Who did this to you?”
“It was Pope.  Al Pope.”
Quince called for emergency services and then checked his computer.  The data Pope had looked up was an address.  
The address of Vernon Phillips.
“You’re going to be all right, Sandra.  Don’t worry.”  The EMT sirens came to a stop outside and within seconds the medics burst through the door.  “She’s been stabbed,” said Quince.  “Take good care of her.  I have to go.”
On his way out, he grabbed his laser pistol from the top drawer of his desk.  En route by taxi to the Phillips residence, which was in the Armstrong western suburbs, Quince gave a call to Judge Hawkins.  “Armando, you need to stay the execution of Phillips.”
“Rufus, you know I have a reputation for dispensing justice on time.  It’s two minutes past five.  You’re too late – Phillips is dead.”
Quince gritted his teeth and ended the call as the taxi pulled up at the Phillips residence.  He paid the auto-driver, got out, and knocked at the door.  It was ajar, so he poked his head in.
For the second time in an hour, he found a woman lying on the floor.
But this one was dead.
Mrs. Phillips had a laser burn hole through her neck.  Quince looked closer and saw that she was clutching a tiny memo device in her left hand.  Quince bent down and pulled it from her death grip, and hit play.
“Shelly, it’s me Vernon.  Honey, I don’t have much time.  What I mean is, the tests came back positive.  I’m going to die of Lunar Dust Lung – probably within the month.  But don’t worry – I’m going to take care of you and the girls.  If you look in my tool box in the garage, you’ll find a half million credits.  I’ll probably be dead by the time you get this.  I did it for you, dear, and for the girls.  But let me be clear: I never killed anybody.  I’m just taking the place of a killer on Death Row.  Tell no one of this, or they’ll take away the money and this will all be in vain.  I love you, Shelly.  Goodbye.”
“Huh, thanks, Quince,” said Pope, emerging from the kitchen eating a ham sandwich, a laser pistol in the other.  “I didn’t see that memo device in the old lady’s hand.  Now I know where to pick up my money.  I’ll just be on my way.”
Quince dove across the coffee table and took cover behind a leather recliner opposite the couch.  He peeked out from behind the recliner as he drew his laser pistol and took aim at Pope.
“Come out, come out, wherever you are,” said Pope, starting to move through the room, his own laser pistol at the ready.  “All I want is my money and I’ll be on my way – right after I kill you and the kiddies.”
Quince took a shot at Pope. 
He missed, the laser burning a hole in the wall next to Pope’s head.
“Oh, so you’re gonna put up a fight, eh?” said Pope, firing back toward the recliner.
His shot grazed the arm of the chair, singeing the leather with an orange glowing heat.
Quince fired back again, this time striking Pope in the right shoulder. 
Pope twisted as he fell, but got a shot off in Quince’s direction.  The shot didn’t actually hit Quince, but it was so close that it burned his left cheek in a line from his mouth to just below his ear.
That would leave a scar.
Quince fired as he jerked back behind the chair for cover.
The shot hit Pope in the ribs.  
Quince heard Pope’s weapon hit the floor with a clatter.  He stood and hurried to Pope, kicking the pistol out of his reach and leveling his own at Pope’s face as the killer lay on the floor.  “So that was the plan, eh, Pope?  Pay a dying man to take your place on death row, then steal back the payment?”
“Rotten . . . ain’t I?” gasped Pope, his hand covering the gaping wound in his side.  “So, what are you gonna do about it, Mr. D.A.?”
Before Quince could answer, Pope grabbed Quince’s leg with both hands, one behind his heel and one on his kneecap, forcing Quince backwards.
Quince hit the floor on his back and his weapon fell out of his hand.  Pope groaned as he threw himself at Quince.  Quince scrambled for his weapon, found it, and fired.
A smoldering hole the size of an apple appeared in Pope’s forehead as he fell face first on top of Quince.
Quince pushed the body off of him and looked around at the carnage.
What a mess.
He thought of the young Phillips girls returning to this awful scene to find themselves orphaned and unable to take care of themselves.
And he took aim at the memo device on the coffee table and blasted it to bits.

#

“State your full name, age and address, for the record.”
“Rufus Quince.  29 years old.  162 Grissom Lane, Armstrong City, Luna 21AF.”
The robo-bailiff continued.  “You are charged with one count of vigilantism in the shooting death of Albert Reginald Pope.  How do you plead?”
“Not guilty.  I wish to plead guilty to the lesser charge of manslaughter.  I killed Pope in self defense.”
Judge Hawkins looked at Quince coldly.  “Mr. Quince, you would not have been at the Phillips’ home, in a position to require self defense, had you not taken the law into your own hands.  Since there are no witnesses alive from the scene of the crime, we have only your word as to what occurred there.”  
“I concede that, your honor.”
“Then under legal definition in the Lunar Coalition, you are guilty of vigilantism.  As such, this court passes the following judgment - your attorney’s license is revoked for life, and you will serve a sentence of 30 days in jail.”
Quince looked shocked.  “Only thirty days, your honor?”
Hawkins just slammed his gavel.  “Court adjourned.”
As Quince was led to the cell block, he began making plans for his new career after emerging from behind bars.
Rufus Quince, D.A., would become Rufus Quince, bounty hunter.
Yes, maybe that was what he was destined to do all along.


END



For the first full novel-length adventure of Rufus Quince, check out
RUFUS QUINCE: BOUNTY HUNTER – DREAMS OF A FOOL
Available at Amazon, Barnes & Noble, Kobo, iTunes & Smashwords





DEAD DAMES DON’T TELL TALES


“She’s dead, Jim.”
My partner Frank Riley looked up at me, then removed his fingers from her carotid artery, gently brushing the back of his hand past her straight blonde hair.
She was beautiful, once.  Even now, since she really just looked like she was asleep.  I pushed away the morbid thought that I wouldn’t mind rolling over and seeing that face sleeping beside me.
Gotta respect the dead, after all.
But dead or alive, she still had full lips, smooth skin, and silky hair.
Lying there on her back on the midnight blue shag carpet in the spacious east side apartment, she looked to be about five-ten.
And a sharp dresser.
I strolled to the window that overlooked the valley below, shrouded in darkness and peppered with pinpoints of light.  Not a bad joint.
“Who’s place is this?” I asked Frank.
“Some scientist – Reggie Burton.”
“Where is he?”
“It’s a she.”
“What’s a she?”
“Reggie Burton.  She’s a she.  A woman scientist.”
“Oh,” I said.  “Where is she, and did she know the deceased?”
“Got nothin’ for ya on either count,” said Frank.
The coroner showed up.  About time.
“I’m Detective James Rockwell,” I said, extending my hand.
“Brandon Sykes,” said the short, black-haired young man, foregoing the handshake as he snapped his latex gloves over his frail-looking hands.  “Victim’s name?”
“Natalie Tyson,” I said.  “A real looker.”
Sykes’ eyes widened, and he said, “Excuse me,” sliding past me to begin examining the body.  “Natalie Tyson.  No signs of trauma, except a small bruise on her chin, right side,” his voice faded into a mumble as he recorded his observations.
I walked to the wet bar where I found two scotch glasses with a little water in the bottom of each.  A pair of stainless steel tongs lay on the counter next to one of them.
After a few minutes, I grew impatient and said, “So, Mr. Sykes, any idea what killed her?”
Sykes didn’t look up immediately.  “Well, aside from the duct tape residue on both her wrists, and a bruised chin – indicating some kind of struggle - from what I can tell, she suffered heart failure.”  He stood up and peeled off his gloves, and stuffed them into a pocket of his white lab coat.  “But what’s weird is that she really shouldn’t have.”
“Too young and healthy?” Frank asked.
“No, that’s not it,” said Sykes.  “She was the recipient of an artificial organ.”
“One that was designed to never ever fail?” I asked.
“Yes - half of her heart was composed of a Sharpley dual-chamber polyalloy X-13 device.”
“You could tell that just by looking her over?” asked Frank, astounded.
“No.  Natalie Tyson wasn’t just any recipient, she was the inventor of the Sharpley device.”
“A hero of yours?” I asked, pulling out my own pair of latex gloves and stooping to pick up a small glass case that was peeking out from under a red leather 60s retro armchair by the picture window.  I turned it over in my hands, and it looked like it was designed to hold a pair of rods of some kind.
“As a medical professional, I admire her work,” said Sykes, staring down at the corpse.  “She designed the perfect artificial organ – held together by anti-neutrinos harvested from Comet Kushida.  And now her own is the first to ever fail.  I’ll need to open her up to figure out why – though I expect Sharpley Corporation will want to keep her to themselves.”
“Well, given the unusual circumstances – the duct tape, the knock to the chin, and the missing Reggie Burton – this is being treated as a homicide.  Which means her body will not be handed over to Sharpley or anyone else until we get to the bottom of this.  So, Sykes, she’s all yours.”
Sykes nodded.  “I’ll have more answers for you within an hour of getting her on my table.”
Sykes got on his cell and ordered a gurney be brought up while Frank and I snooped around the rest of the apartment.
We turned up nothing of interest. “Let’s check the database, see if we can get a trace on this Reggie character,” I said.
We headed back downtown to the office and started combing through files and running sweeps of all web transactions in the name of Reggie Burton.  If she was on the lam, she may be using an alias, but at least we could drop a net over any connections to her real name.
Next morning, bright and early, Sykes came knocking at my door.  I was still awake, poring over every scrap of data I could find about Reggie Burton.  Frank was snoring on the ratty brown sofa in the corner.
“Good morning, Detective Rockwell,” said Sykes, helping himself to a Dixie cup by the water cooler and dispensing himself a shot of H2O.
“Morning.  What’s the scoop?”
Sykes backed toward the sofa and started to lower himself into it.
“Don’t sit there!” I said, raising my hand, just as Frank let out a snarling snort and rolled over.  Sykes jumped, spilling his thimble of water.
“Didn’t see him there – sorry.”  He refilled his water and stood in front of my desk instead.  “I’ve discovered something very disturbing,” he said.
I looked up at him expectantly, said nothing.
He took a sip of water and continued.  “Natalie Tyson’s artificial heart had no defects.  But – it also had no anti-neutrinos.”
“In layman’s terms?”
“The very substance that holds together a Sharpley organ was missing from Tyson’s heart.  Somehow, some way, somebody has stolen the ingredient that makes stable cohesion possible.  When the anti-neutrinos were removed, the two artificial chambers disconnected themselves from the rest of her heart and the device failed.”
“How?  How could someone take those, uh, anti-whatevers - ”
“Anti-neutrinos.”
“Anti-neutrinos from her without slicing her open?”
“And why would anyone do that?”
“I take it you don’t have an answer to either question,” said the still-prone Frank, who’d been awake for long enough to hear Sykes’ explanation.
Sykes shrugged.  “I don’t.  But I bet Reggie Burton knows.”
“What do you know about Burton?” I asked.
“Not much,” said Sykes.  “Some kind of physicist, good friend to Natalie Tyson.  That’s all I know.”
I picked up a mug shot of Tyson.  Good looking gal.  And apparently a real brainiac, too.  Shame.  “If only you could speak to me now,” I mumbled.
Later that same day, a call came in.  Another murder, this one across town.  Same M.O.  And Sykes told me the victim, Harry Lender, was also the owner of a lonely heart – lonely because it was an artificial device missing its anti-neutrinos.
Next day, another one – Candace Cheng, recipient of a fake liver.  Dead, same thing.
By the end of the week, five bodies had piled up, and we still had no line on Burton.  Not a trace of her.
We put out a warning to all recipients of Sharpley organs (there were ninety five of them across the country).  The story made the news, which of course caused the standard panic (thank goodness for the news, what would we do without them?).
Meanwhile, Burton was making me look bad, and I hate when people make me look bad.
A couple of weeks went by – nothing.  The case was starting to grow cold.  Frank and I decided the only way to catch Burton was to set up some bait.
After some further research into Burton’s past, I contacted Charles Monroe, a San Diego lawyer with a pair of Sharpley kidneys, who just happened to have dated Burton back in college.  He agreed to set himself up as “vulnerable” to Burton, by looking her up on a social networking site under her old nickname “Diamond-Dog,” then inviting her over for a drink.  She accepted.
Saturday night, we staked out his place – an ultra-modern cliffhanger with majestic views of the Pacific.
Along came Reggie “Diamond-Dog” Burton, right on time.
Peering at her through my night-enhanced binoculars, I could see where she got the nickname – she had enough rocks around her neck, wrists and on her fingers to pay half the national debt.  Big ones, too – I’d never seen stones like that.
As soon as she stepped inside Monroe’s front door, Frank and I made our move.  We didn’t want to give her a chance to do whatever it was she did to her victims – we just wanted to nab her.
We bust in through the front door, weapons drawn, just as Burton was whipping out a pair of chrome-colored sticks from her purse.
“Back away,” she yelled.
Frank smirked and said to me, “Get a load of the dame with the nunchucks.  She gonna beat us up.  Ha!”
Burton suddenly pointed the sticks at Frank.  The ends glowed blue and Frank’s head dissolved into liquid in an instant.  He toppled forward onto the white tiled floor with a thump.
“Whoa, whoa, there lady,” I said, putting my hands up over my head.  I looked down at Frank.  I couldn’t believe it.
“I said, back away,” said Burton, brandishing her science fictional weapons.
“W-What did you do?” I asked, glancing off to the side of Burton to see Charles Monroe cowering in the doorway to his living room.
She simply said two words.  “Quantum magnets.”
“Quantum magnets?” I asked, my hands still high above my head.
“With these babies, I can manipulate any matter to become any other kind of matter.  For now, only simple compounds.  Your friend there now has a head made of water.  Sorry about that – you gave me no choice.”
“If you can make any kind of matter with those, why are you stealing anti-neutrinos from people’s Sharpley organs?” I asked.  I wanted to know, but more than that I wanted to keep her talking for as long as possible while I figured out a plan.
“I know you’re just stalling, keeping me talking as long as possible while you figure out a plan,” said Burton.  “But I’ll tell you anyway – since there really is no way you can stop me.”
Out of the corner of my eye, I could see Monroe slowly moving.  I didn’t look directly at him – not even a glance – didn’t want to give him away.
“I invented these myself,” Burton said proudly, unable to resist the urge to monologue.  “The only drawback is that my creations - the matter organized by these tools - won’t hold together for long without anti-neutrino technology.”  She waved her bejeweled fingers at me.  “You like these?  Made ‘em myself.  And they’re even better than the real thing – perfect gems – no inclusions or color deficiencies.”
Monroe suddenly threw a drinking glass at her – the only thing available to him.  Burton pointed one of her rods at it and turned it to water – it splashed down at her feet.
I used the distraction to bring my gun down and fire at her.  She activated her other quantum magnet, which was still pointed at me.  The bullet turned to a Dixie cup sized blob of water somewhere between my gun and her body.
But that water was still traveling at the speed of a bullet.
It hit her in the neck with extreme force, striking her diamond choker and sending her backward to the floor.
I walked over to her and looked down at her.  The quantum magnets had tumbled from her grip to the floor and broken open, exposing some wires and computer chips.  Burton was gasping for air like a fish out of water.
The huge diamond at the front of the choker had embedded itself in her throat and was crushing her esophagus.
“My diamonds” she wheezed.  “All I wanted was my diamonds.”  She closed her eyes as she left this world.
Monroe gulped.  “What a psycho.”
“And to think, she could’ve changed the world with her brilliant mind – bettered peoples’ lives with her invention, like her best friend Natalie Tyson,” I said.
“I guess diamonds really are a girl’s best friend,” said Monroe.


IT’S OVER



© Michael D. Britton / Intelligent Life Books
