THE LAST PAGE
By
Libby Fischer Hellmann
and
David J. Walker



Smashwords Edition
Copyright © 2011 Libby Fischer Hellmann and David J. Walker
Cover copyright Robyn Hyzy

This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents are either products of the author’s imagination or used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual events locales, or persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental. All rights reserved. No part of this publication can be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, without permission in writing from Libby Fischer Hellmann and David J. Walker.

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each person you share it with. If you're reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then you should return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.



CONTENTS


Praise for THE LAST PAGE
The Authors
A Note of Thanks
Foreword
The Last Page
Chicago Blues
Your Sweet Man
Weekend In The Country
More about Libby
More about David



PRAISE FOR THE LAST PAGE


“It is nice to see such a funny, smart mystery that respects and features what real life is like in the library. While we don't save quite as many records as Director Barbara, we do often have good memories. The staff, especially the maintenance man JJ (no periods), is right on target. The seamless combination of Hellmann and Walker's skillful writing makes this a can't miss read.”
—Amy Alessio, Librarian and Author of Alana O'Neill Mysteries with Vintage Recipes



THE AUTHORS


Libby Fischer Hellmann
http://libbyhellmann.com
like: http://www.facebook.com/authorLibbyFischerHellmann
follow: http://twitter.com/libbyfh

An award-winning Chicago crime thriller author, Libby has published seven novels. Her most recent, SET THE NIGHT ON FIRE, is a stand-alone thriller that goes back, in part, to the late Sixties in Chicago. She also writes two crime fiction series. The first features Chicago PI Georgia Davis and includes the hard-boiled EASY INNOCENCE (2008) and DOUBLEBACK (2009). In addition there are four novels in the Ellie Foreman series, which Libby describes as a cross between “Desperate Housewives” and “24.” Libby has also published over 15 short stories in NICE GIRL DOES NOIR and has edited the acclaimed crime fiction anthology, CHICAGO BLUES. She has been nominated twice for the Anthony Award, and once for the Agatha and has won the Readers’ Choice Award multiple times. Originally from Washington DC, she has lived in Chicago for 30 years and claims they’ll take her out of there feet first.

David J. Walker
http://davidjwalker.com
like: http://www.facebook.com/authordavidjwalker
follow: http://twitter.com/authordavwalker

David is the author of eleven published crime novels, including THE TOWMAN’S DAUGHTERS, a 2011 release. This is the sixth book in his “Wild Onion, Ltd.” series, featuring a wife/husband private eye team. He is also the author of the Mal Foley PI series, and of the acclaimed stand-alone suspense novel, SAVING PAULO. His short story, “A Weekend in the Country,” appeared in the anthology, CHICAGO BLUES. David has been an Edgar nominee, has won several Lovey awards, and has been short-listed for the Society of Midland Authors best novel award. He is a member of Mystery Writers of America and Private Eye Writers of America, and has been a judge for both the Edgar and Shamus awards. A life-long Chicagoan, David has been a parish priest in Chicago, an investigator with the Chicago Police Department, and an attorney. At present, he is a full-time writer and lives with his wife just north of the city.

More about our work after the stories



A NOTE OF THANKS


The authors wish to thank first the members of the board of the Winnetka-Northfield Public Library who encouraged us to write this novella set in and around their library. We are also grateful to the entire library staff, who answered our questions about library procedures and practices, and especially staff members who volunteered the use of their names in our cast of characters, including Barbara Aron, Julie Janowicz, Karen Templeton, and Melissa Morgan.
But we owe the greatest debt of gratitude of all to the community of librarians everywhere, who have served us, and countless other seekers of truth and entertainment, for so many years and in so many ways.



FOREWORD


A few years ago the board of the public library in a village on Chicago’s North Shore decided to publish a novella for use in fund-raising for the library. Specifically, the novella was to be a mystery, set in and around the library. The two of us, both Chicago mystery writers, were commissioned to author the work. Or, more accurately, the board asked Libby and she, thinking it would be interesting and fun (and maybe a little less work) to make it a joint effort, asked David to co-author the novella. Neither of us had ever co-written a story with another author.
As it turned out, collaborating on this project was great fun for both of us (although the “less work” part is highly questionable). We wrote alternate chapters, editing and re-editing each other’s work, and plotting and re-plotting as we went. The finished product, a work of about 20,000 words called The Last Page, was a great hit with both the library board and the then director of the library. (The director was just about to retire at the time and was a delightfully good sport who was, in fact, treated rather unkindly in our story).
The work was accepted and publication plans began, but circumstances—most notably a world-wide financial crisis—intervened. Along with that came a new library director and some new board members, and…well…they might get to it one day. Meanwhile, we hold the copyright, and you hold The Last Page in your hand, digitally speaking. Enjoy.
Libby Fischer Hellmann
David J. Walker



THE LAST PAGE



ONE


Barbara Adams had just hung up the phone when she heard something. A squeak. Not very loud, and if Mavis Fairbanks had picked up, Barbara wouldn’t have heard it at all. But Mavis didn’t answer, and Barbara had to leave a message. For the second time that day. She stood up, annoyed. Soft or not, a squeak was a squeak. And she was alone in the library. Or was supposed to be.
It was after ten, and everyone should have gone home an hour ago, including JJ. Had he forgotten to lock the doors? Unlikely. JJ, the maintenance supervisor, was usually the last to leave. He wasn’t young, but he wasn’t the type to forget something important. Now that she thought about it, she did recall him coming in. “Everything’s locked up tight, Ms. Adams,” he’d said. “Good night.”
Her office door was open, and she poked her head into the lobby. Everything was as still and hushed as…well…as a library. Maybe she’d imagined it. Or maybe it came from outside the building. Sometimes, when the library was closed and quiet, she picked up sounds from out on the street or from the houses south of the library. People didn’t realize how far noise carried. Especially in colder weather. And it was October.
She turned back to her office. The last file box JJ brought up from storage sat in the middle of the floor. She navigated around it, got her briefcase from the chair, and returned to her desk. She was very tired. As the Director of the Windbrook library, she was overworked and underappreciated. There was always something that needed attending to. Correcting the mistakes of slipshod employees, who with rare exceptions could hardly be called professionals. Dealing with the Board of Trustees, who knew nothing about running a library. Squeezing a few precious dollars out of stingy legislators. No one realized the huge amount of work she did.
Tonight, though, there was something else on her mind. She pulled a manila folder from her briefcase and withdrew three pages from it. When you compared what she’d recently discovered with what these old pages showed, the evidence was conclusive. She’d circled the important items in red. She put the pages back in the folder and started to return it to her briefcase, then decided to put it back into the box where it had been all these years. It was time to act on what she’d learned. That was the right thing to do, regardless of the consequences.
She sat in her leather executive chair and rocked forward. As she did, her pen fell to the floor. She bent down to retrieve and, as her chair moved backwards, one of the casters squeaked. Ah, that’s what that sound had been.
She opened the desk drawer and dropped in the pen. She stood, shrugged on her coat, and took her gloves and keys from her pocket.
That’s when she heard it again. Another squeak. Louder this time. Not her chair. It sounded as if it came from the lobby, near the door to the basement. She couldn’t see that door from her office, because it was behind a display labeled NEW NON-FICTION. She walked out to the checkout counter and laid down her briefcase, along with her gloves and keys. Then she headed for the basement door. After that incident with the Foxworth boy, it was supposed to be locked, although this was one of the few things JJ was careless about.
She shivered as she recalled that day three years ago, when little Taylor Foxworth’s nanny brought him to the library, left him in the children’s room for a moment, then couldn’t find him. He’d simply disappeared. The boy’s parents were called, as were the police. After a frantic search, he was found, curled up in the basement boiler room, sound asleep. It had put a scare into everyone, and since then Barbara had ordered the door to remain locked at all times.
Now, though, it was slightly ajar. She pulled it open and peered down the stairs. It was very dark. A street lamp used to cast a weak light through a window well, but the window had been bricked up when they remodeled the building. She wondered whether to turn on the light and check downstairs, or just close and lock the door and give JJ a stern talking to in the—
She heard something. No doubt this time. Before she could turn around, someone grabbed her from behind, squeezing her, forcing the air out of her lungs. She tried to scream but couldn’t. She struggled, but it was no use.
Something sharp pricked the side of her neck. A stinging sensation spread through her shoulders, then moved downward. She was getting so cold. And dizzy. The person wasn’t squeezing her any more; instead she felt a sudden powerful urge to lie down. Then, for some reason, she thought of her cats. It was past time for their supper.
She lost her balance and grabbed for the doorknob, but someone pushed her from behind. Again she tried to scream, but sound wouldn’t come. Another shove, and she was flying down the stairs. An eagle, spreading her wings, poised in perpetual flight.


TWO


It was nearly eight-thirty in the morning when JJ called 911. When the operator asked his name he said, “JJ Jackson. And no periods, ma’am. Those aren’t initials. JJ’s my given name.” He was so used to saying it that it just slipped out. But he stopped before telling her how his parents couldn’t decide between Jerome Joseph and Joseph Jerome. It didn’t seem fitting to go into it just then.
“Is there an emergency, sir?”
“Not exactly,” he said. “I’m the maintenance supervisor here at the Windbrook Library, and I come in early, and the director…Barbara Adams?...I seen her at the foot of the stairs that go down to the basement. I was on my way down to check the boiler, you know? ’Cause it’s gonna be cold t’day for Octo—” He heard the woman talking back to him. “Pardon me, ma’am?”
“Do you need an ambulance, sir?”
“No, no need for that. I expect she’s been dead quite some time now.”
“Excuse me? Did you say…” There was a pause, and then, “The police are on their way, Mr. Jackson. You just—”
“I know,” JJ said. “I seen it on TV. I won’t go anywhere.”
“Thank you, sir.”
JJ hung up and went to a computer and made a sign. It said:
DUE TO UNEXPECTED EMERGENCY
LIBRARY CLOSED
SORRY FOR YOUR INCONVENIENCE

He printed out two copies, taped them to the front doors of the library, and waited for the police to get there.
His boss was dead. He couldn’t say as most folks would miss her much.


THREE


“One mustn’t talk that way about the dead, Julia dear.” Mavis Fairbanks tapped the brakes just in time, and the Lincoln Town Car roared off the Edens Expressway onto the exit ramp at a speed that put her daughter Julia’s heart in her throat. “Besides,” Mavis added, “nobody murders a librarian.”
The sleek, heavy car swung back above six lanes of north- and south-bound traffic, then glided onto the straightaway and delivered them into Edens Plaza. “Honestly, mother,” Julia said, once she got her breath back. “I didn’t say anybody did murder Barbara. I said lots of people would have liked to. Motive and opportunity, you know. That’s what a good homicide dick looks for in a murder case.”
“Just listen to yourself, Julia. ‘Homicide dick.’ It sounds so…vulgar. Such a shame you spent your summer clerking for that criminal defense lawyer. Your uncle Morris could have used a bright girl like you, and a judge’s chambers is such a better envi—”
“Mom?” Julia pointed through the windshield. “The light?”
“I see it, dear.” Mavis hit the brakes. Julia strained against the seat belt. “Anyway, sweetheart, people just didn’t understand Barbara. She didn’t have many friends, but she and I were close. I mean…as close as we could be, considering…”
“Right,” Julia said. Barbara Adams was a working woman, not the sort of free-for-golf-and-lunch-any-day, well-off woman her mother generally socialized with.
“We’ve been Tuesday night bridge partners for…well…since you were a baby, anyway. Oh, she had her ways, I know. But she had a soft heart. A weak one, too. And it finally took her.”
“I know she talked a lot about a bad heart,” Julia said, “and made a big show of carrying those nitroglycerine tablets. But did you ever see her take one?”
“No, thank goodness. But—”
“She seemed healthy as a horse to me. Always talking about water aerobics, tennis, or biking. You even told me that if she could get the time off, she and her low-life boyfriend were thinking about climbing Mount Everest, for God’s sake.”
“That was just talk, dear. And why do you call Malcolm Templeton a ‘low-life?’ I don’t know that I’d really call him Barbara’s ‘boyfriend,’ either. Just a friend. A woman our age with no husband likes to have a man available to take her places. It doesn’t mean they’re…well…you know…having sex or anything. I mean, not necessarily.”
“He’s a married man, mother. At least he was when they started going together… until his wife found out. That makes him a low-life in my book. And as for ‘a man available to take her places?’ That’s what you used to say about William, too. And look where you’re at now.”
“Where William and I are ‘at,’ darling, is engaged to be married. I suppose it’s a difficult thing for a daughter to get her mind around, even a Wellesley cum laude like you. But please, try. As I know from experience, one never really gets over the death of a spouse. But I’m so lucky William finally feels ready to marry again…after all these years. I call him my ‘Sweet William.’ Do you know what a Sweet Will—”
“I know, mother. It’s a flower.” Julia wanted to open her mouth and poke her forefinger into it.
“Honestly, dear, I don’t know why you don’t like him.”
“Did I say I didn’t like him?” Julia asked.
“And did I say you did say you didn’t like him?” Her mother laughed at the conversational gambit they both enjoyed. “Oh, finally, the light.” She drove forward.
Julia breathed more easily as her mother turned into the mall parking lot, thinking any accident here would at least be at low speed. Her mother was an excellent driver, actually, with an accident-free insurance discount, but her fearless, NASCAR approach to the road never failed to raise Julia’s heart rate. Which reminded her… “Interesting, isn’t it?” she asked, “how the M.E. could establish that Barbara had a heart attack first?”
“The ‘M.E.?’” Mavis slid expertly into a too-narrow parking space.
“Medical Examiner. The one who does the autopsy. He says Barbara had a heart attack first, then fell down the stairs.” Julia opened the door as far as it would go without hitting the car beside her. She managed to squeeze out, and she and her mother headed for Borders.
“Julia, darling, could we talk about something more cheerful? Like…oh, I don’t know…how are classes going?”
“Really, mother, that’s what you call cheerful?”

* * *

They’d come to Border’s to pick up William Bryant, who worked there, and drive to the wake. They were a little early, and decided to wait in the café.
Julia had only met William a few times, but Mavis had told her he didn’t need to work, not for the money. He had more money than Mavis and most of her friends. In fact, he’d surprised everyone when he took the job. It was because he loved books, he said, and he liked the discipline of having to go somewhere every day.
Julia had been surprised to hear the part about his loving books, because he didn’t strike her as the type. But Julia loved her mother, and her mother loved being in love, so Julia decided to be happy for her.
As they neared the Seattle’s Best counter, Julia said, “I think I’ll try something different today.”
“Fine, dear,” her mother said, obviously not really listening.
“Mocha, tall, decaf,” Julia told the barista. “Skim, no whipped cream.” She turned to her mother. “What about you? It’s on me.” But Mavis was facing the other way, scanning the huge store, searching for William. “Mother?”
“Yes, dear. Whatever you’re having.” She was waving her arm in the air now, trying to get the attention of William, who was about a football field away at the Information desk, deep into a computer search for a customer. “He deeply cares about books,” Mavis said.
Julia took both mochas and steered her mother to a small round table. “So, dear,” her mother said, “how are classes going?” She sipped from her cup and made a face.
“Fine, I guess.”
“I’ll never understand why you didn’t go to Harvard Law.” Her mother took another sip, and then said, “What is this, anyway?”
“It’s a decaf mocha, skim, no whipped cream, and I didn’t go to Harvard because I wanted to go to Northwestern, and live near Chicago, and maybe practice law in Chicago…if I practice anywhere.” She really didn’t like law school and changed the subject. “Did Barbara like William?”
“You know, after her husband committed suicide, Barbara’s …well… she had her doubts about men. Her advice was always, ‘Go slow.’ Poor Barbara. Did I tell you she called me the night she died?”
“No, you didn’t. What did she call about?”
“I was at the symphony and didn’t get her messages until I got home. Two of them. She seemed anxious to speak to me. Said she’d just found some ‘disturbing news.’ So like Barbara; always dramatic.” Mavis sighed. “They were her last words to me and I couldn’t bring myself to erase them from… Oh, good!” Mavis looked past Julia’s shoulder and broke into a huge smile. “Here he comes.”
Julia and Mavis stood to greet William. He was over six feet tall, tanned, and silver-haired. He wore a designer suit coat over a white shirt and tie. He was impressive-looking, though quite a bit overweight. He greeted Mavis with a kiss. Then he turned to Julia. “I’m so lucky,” he said. “Spending the whole evening with two beautiful women.”
Avoiding the vomit-inducing gesture for the second time in half an hour, Julia drew back her hand and checked her watch. “We’ve got a wake to go to,” she said.

* * *

They passed the Mystery section as they left the store. Julia loved mysteries. Maybe that’s why she’d enjoyed working for Aggie Sherwood that summer. Sherwood, a woman, was the top gun in the city when it came to defending murder cases. Not the simple bar fights where success was getting a good plea bargain, but the complicated cases. Sherwood was brilliant at finding every last piece of evidence. Nothing in a police report or a medical report got by her. She even used private detectives to ferret out the truth from the tangle of confusion and lies.
They went out the door and walked to the car. Julia got in the back this time, and William drove. She wasn’t looking forward to Barbara Adams’s wake. She was anxious to go home, and listen to those messages on her mother’s answering machine.


FOUR


Mark Wainwright frowned when he came across the email. As the IT director for the library, it was his job to connect—or in this case, disconnect—employees’ computers from the library system. It was a dandy system, he had to admit. He’d set it up himself. He’d been a geek since high school, but he liked the fact that, whatever the problem, he could fix it. He loved being the go-to guy.
He was working late that evening, scanning Barbara Adams’s files. He obviously had no authority to delete anything, so he was transferring the files to disks. Somebody else—the acting director, or someone on the Board of Trustees—would decide what was worth keeping and what wasn’t. Of course, he also wasn’t supposed to be snooping. He’d fire any of his subordinates—if he had any—if he found them reading a client’s private correspondence. But that’s what he was doing when he found that interesting email.
No one was using Ms. Adams’s office, and the door was closed. He had time to spare because, for one thing, he didn’t have to field any more calls from Ms. Adams, demanding this or that...all of it “ASAP.” She’d been a difficult boss, but he didn’t mind. He was a better IT guy because of it. One day he’d move on to bigger things. More sophisticated networks. Maybe a Fortune 500 Company. For now the library was fine, and a little snooping now and then was a perk of the job. He enjoyed seeing what other people worried about, what they said about each other. He knew it was wrong, but it gave him a sense of belonging. Maybe because his personal life, aside from Second Life, was so…well…boring.
He’d scanned Ms. Adams’s inbox. She was the type who deleted emails after she dealt with them. The mark of a good manager, or so he’d heard. He hadn’t come across anything interesting—a few messages about the next Board of Trustees meeting, something about complying, or not, with the Patriot Act. But then he’d clicked onto her outgoing mail. Nothing much there, either. He was about to copy everything to a disk when he checked her Draft folder. And there it was. Highlighted in bold, it was addressed to mavisfairbanks@comcast.net. He clicked on the message.
Mavis: I’ve been trying to reach you by phone. We MUST talk ASAP. It’s about something I found out. I may be causing trouble for myself, but I must act. NOW. I know I’m right.

Ms. Adams loved to capitalize words in her messages. The email equivalent of shouting, and not at all polite. Mark had been on the receiving end of those annoying capitals more than once.
Now what? The message seemed important. But it hadn’t been sent. The fact that it was in her Draft folder could mean she might not have finished it. But it could also mean she didn’t know if she wanted to send it. Whoever Mavis Fairbanks was, she would probably know its significance. If he sent it on to her and she didn’t understand it, or it wasn’t important, she could just delete it. Still, it wasn’t up to him to send other people’s emails. Except this one seemed to have mattered a lot to Ms. Adams. Doing nothing was the safe thing, but also the cowardly thing. Mark went back and forth, then decided to send it. It wasn’t, like, illegal or anything. He composed a note to go with it.
Hello. I’m Mark Wainwright, IT Director of the Windbrook Village Library. I was going through Ms. Adams’s system and found this unsent email. I thought it might be important, so I’m forwarding it to you. And please accept my sympathies.
He hit “send,” and at once regretted it. Damn, why did I do that?

* * *

“Dear, come into my office and see this.” It was Julia’s mother calling. Her “office” was really an enclosed sunroom, but her mother did volunteer work for several organizations, and having an office made her feel professional.
“Be there in a minute,” Julia called. They were home from Barbara Adams’ wake, and she should have been studying, but in reality she was pondering the two telephone messages Barbara had left on her mother’s answering machine. The first said:
Mavis, it’s Barbara. We have to get together and talk. I found something very disturbing. Call me ASAP.

The second was equally worrisome:
Mavis, you must call me right away. It’s critical!
Julia sighed and went to her mother.
She found her mother hunched over her computer. “Look at this email.”
Julia leaned over her mother’s shoulder. The email had been from Barbara, but had been sent by someone named Mark Wainwright. She frowned.
“Don’t grimace like that, dear,” her mother said. “We need to keep those frown lines at bay.”
Julia absently rubbed her palm across her forehead. “Do you have any idea what this is about?”
“Not a bit. But it appears to be important.”
“It sure does. And together with those phone messages...” Julia shook her head. “Something was obviously bothering Barbara.”
“Oh dear.” Worry lines popped out on her mother’s forehead.
Julia pointed to her mother’s brow. “Premature aging, Mom.” Mavis shot her a look. Julia ignored it. “Tell me,” she went on. “Did Barbara send this kind of email often?”
Mavis sighed. “You know how careless I am about checking my emails, dear. In fact, Barbara rarely sent me any. But she certainly has…I mean had…a dramatic streak. And she was impulsive. Still, her phone calls, and the few emails she did send, were usually full of chatter about Malcolm, her cats, or her step-daughter.”
“She ever talk about any… problems she was having?”
“She’d talk about her step-daughter. Otherwise, mostly the normal things: arthritis in her hip, property taxes, where she was going to come up with money for this or that.”
“What about her job?”
“She never talked about it.”
Julia was taken aback. “Never? Not even something…well, I don’t know…some silly piece of gossip?”
Mavis straightened up. “Barbara never discussed anything about her job with me. She wouldn’t, with William on the Board of Trustees.”
“William is on the board?”
“Oh yes. So Barbara couldn’t talk about library business with me. In case it got back to William and the board.”
“I suppose,” Julia said, although she couldn’t imagine what library matters would require such discretion.
Nothing in Barbara’s email or phone messages indicated her distress had anything to do with her job. The email did, however, talk about her finding something out, and that could have been about a library employee. On the other hand, it might have been something personal. A bill she thought was exorbitant? A shoddy home repair job? But ASAP? What was so time-sensitive about—
“Yoo-hoo! Darling…I asked you a question.”
“I’m sorry, Mother. What did you say?”
“I asked what you were thinking about.”
Julia shook her head. “Just that something was on Barbara’s mind. Something that made her call here twice, and send you an email.”
“She didn’t actually send it, dear. Maybe she changed her mind, or…well…I don’t know.”
“I wonder…” Julia paused. “I wonder whether we ought to tell the police about it.”
“The police? Why?”
“Well, whenever anyone dies suddenly and unexpectedly, there’s a death investigation. It’s routine.”
“But Barbara died of a heart attack.”
“True. But the information we have might help figure out why she had the heart attack.”
“What difference does ‘why’ make, Julia? Barbara’s gone. Whatever was on her mind…well, it doesn’t matter now. “ Her bottom lip started to quiver.
Julia bent down and gave her mother a hug. “You’re right, Mom. I’m sorry to upset you. Don’t worry. I’ll take the tape and the email to the police myself.”
Mavis’s eyes widened. “What in the world are they teaching you in law school? Maybe whatever was on her mind was so stressful it triggered her heart attack. But that’s nothing for the police.”
“I’m sure you’re right, Mom.”
Mavis frowned. “Don’t patronize me, darling.” When Julia didn’t answer, Mavis said, “You’re going to the police, aren’t you?”
Julia nodded.

* * *

Detective Shawn Nystrand’s office was on the second floor of the Windbrook police station, in a tidy building on Green Bay Road. Everything in the village was tidy, Julia thought. The architecture, the grounds, even the police.
Take Nystrand. His dark hair was neatly cropped close to his head. His mustache was carefully trimmed, and he was wearing a well-tailored suit that looked several cuts above what she saw on police detectives in Criminal Court at 26th and Cal. Even the man’s eyes—dark brown, with long lashes—looked tidy. Those eyes were appraising her now.
“Appreciate your coming in Ms. Fairbanks,” he said. “We’re always grateful when a citizen wants to help out.”
Sounded like something he learned in the village employee manual. Be polite and courteous at all times. You never know whom you’re dealing with on the North Shore.
Aloud she said, “I just think it’s odd that Barbara was so…determined…to talk to my mother. She was worried about something important. I thought it might have some bearing on her case.”
“Case?” Nystrand stroked his mustache with a well-manicured forefinger. He seemed to be trying not to smile. “This was a death investigation, miss. Not a case. “
“I understand that,” she replied.
Nystrand’s look turned guarded.
“I’m a student in law school—at Northwestern.” She bit her lip. Why had she said that? It made her look like the worst kind of amateur. Full of self-importance. He’d think she was a spoiled child.
But he surprised her. “Good for you. I’ve thought about going to law school myself. Maybe night classes. But I never seem to get around to it.”
Grateful for the crumb of respect he’d thrown her, Julia relaxed. “That’s why I wanted you to have this information, detective. I don’t know. There’s just something odd about it. My mother says Barbara tended to be dramatic, but this seems over the top. I keep thinking something unusual was going on.”
Nystrand nodded. “Look, I know what it’s like when someone dies unexpectedly. It’s a shock. You want to find a reason why. It’s understandable. Especially since she was a close friend of your mother’s. It’s natural to let your imagination run away with you.”
So much for respect, Julia thought. “I don’t think it’s my imagination. It’s the nature of these messages.” She leaned across his desk and pointed to the email. “You see this?” She read upside down. “‘I may be causing trouble for myself.’ Don’t you agree that’s disturbing? At least unusual?”
Nystrand glanced at the email then back at Julia. “Look, I’ll put these notes and messages in her file. But everything adds up. She had a history of a heart problem. Maybe she got some disturbing news. You admit she was a little high strung. Maybe she’s on her way down to the basement for some reason, and…bam. The ticker just goes. It happens.”
“But something was going on. Maybe someone wanted to do her harm. Maybe something else. I’m just…uncomfortable…with the way it happened. Why would she go down to the basement at night anyway?”
“Look,” Nystrand said, his voice firm, “there’s nothing here, Ms. Fairbanks. If I were you, I’d concentrate on law school. Study criminal law. But don’t be thinking there’s a crime in every death.”


FIVE


Northwestern University had a campus to dream of, nearly 250 acres sprawled along the shore of Lake Michigan in Evanston, just north of Chicago. The Law School, though, wasn’t on that campus. It was about ten miles south, deep inside the city itself. An urban setting, but still close to the lake, and just steps from the shops of Michigan Avenue’s Magnificent Mile.
The day after talking to the police detective Julia had two classes in the morning—Criminal Procedure and Constitutional Law—and none in the afternoon, so by twelve-thirty she was riding a north-bound Red Line train just starting its climb out of the subway tunnel up to the el tracks. The semester was heating up, but her mind wasn’t on her studies.
She stared out the window of the train and wondered, as she so often did, what direction her life would take. She’d discovered during her first year at law school that she didn’t care much for most of the courses. The professors seemed intent on making her “think like a lawyer,” which seemed to mean thinking about making a ton of money sitting in an office somewhere. The only courses she enjoyed were related to criminal law. If she ever became a lawyer, it would be to work in the criminal justice system like her mentor, Aggie Sherwood.
Most of her classmates scoffed at this, reminding her that the real money was elsewhere. But Julia already had more money than she needed, most of it in a trust fund whose assets grew like mushrooms in a cave. The trust was already making quadrennial distributions to her, and when she was forty the cave would be opened up completely.
Still, she had to do something with her life, and a smart young woman who throws herself into the pursuit of justice, when so few people were willing to take on the—
“Howard Street!” The recorded announcement startled her. “This is as far as this train goes. Transfer to Purple and Yellow Line trains.”
She looked around. Howard? Already? She hoisted her backpack and hurried out onto the platform.
A Purple Line train was waiting. She boarded and sat down. As the train pulled away she closed her eyes and mentally replayed the messages from Barbara Adams on her mother’s answering machine: “I found something very disturbing.” Her mind went from there to that unsent email: “I may be causing trouble for myself, but I must act.” Barbara had sounded desperate to reach Julia’s mother, only minutes before her death. Was what Barbara wanted to say connected to that death?

* * *

She’d left her car—a blue Mazda Miata—in the CTA lot in Wilmette, a short drive from the Windbrook Library. It was a warm, sunny day, so she put the top down on the Miata and headed to the library.
It seemed to her that Barbara Adams had been Director of the Windbrook Public Library forever, but according to the local weekly newspaper, the Windbrook Talk, it had only been eight years since that she’d gotten the top position, after spending her entire working life at the library, starting as an intern—or what libraries called a “page”—. Entering the library that day, Julia wasn’t sure what to expect, but she was a little surprised that there was no indication that someone important to the library had just died.
She was surprised at how busy the place was. There were lots of young mothers with toddlers, a sprinkling of teenagers who one would have thought would be in school, and a few white-haired retirees. Through a set of glass doors to her left was the Adult Reader Services counter. Straight ahead was the Circulation and Check-out desk, where a slim, thirty-something brunette sat hunched over her computer, typing. As far as Julia could tell, it was business—hushed as it was—as usual.
She approached the desk. “Excuse me. My name is Julia Fairbanks and I have an appointment to see the Acting Director, Mr. Finstead.”
The woman’s eyes remained fixed on the screen, but she raised a forefinger in Julia’s general direction, so Julia waited. Finally she stopped typing and turned toward Julia with a smile that managed friendly helpfulness, assured competence, and deep fatigue all at once. “May I help you?”
“I said…I have an appointment with Mr. Fin—”
“Your name?” the woman asked, touching a button on her phone and lifting the receiver.
“I said…my name is Julia—”
“Mr. Finstead?” the woman said into her phone. “There’s a Julia something to see you.” She waited, listening, then hung up. “He’s quite busy just now. He asked that you wait a few minutes.”
“I understand,” Julia said. “These must be difficult days for all of you.”
“Excuse me?”
“I said, ‘These must be difficult days.’”
“Oh, yes,” the woman said. “What with school starting and—”
“No. I meant with Ms. Adams dying. After all these years…it must leave an awful void.”
“Oh. Well…you know…the public still needs to be served.”
“But such an awful thing to happen…and right here in the library. You must miss her terribly.”
“Not real—” The woman stopped, as though catching herself. “That is, Barbara had many excellent qualities, of course. But there are other people, quite competent, prepared to step in.”
Julia decided to take a chance. “Actually,” she said, lowering her voice to create a sense of intimacy, “I knew Barbara a little. She wasn’t exactly what I’d call a ‘people person.’”
“Tell me about it,” the woman said. “She never—” Her phone rang and she picked up. “Judy Wright here. Oh…yes…uh-huh. Okay, I’ll tell her.” She hung up. “Mr. Finstead will see you now. His office is right through that door.” She pointed across the lobby.
Although it was none of her business, Julia was happy to note that at least the Acting Director hadn’t already taken over Barbara’s former office.

* * *

Jeremy Finstead wore a crisply pressed white business shirt with the top button undone and the tie loosened. He was shorter than Julia, and a little overweight.
“Come in. Come in,” he said, stepping out of the way and then closing the door once she passed through. “Have a seat.” Speaking quite rapidly, and as though he were out of breath. “Oh, I know you,” he said, as though proud of his memory. “You’re Mavis Fairbanks’ daughter.” He scurried around behind his desk. Julia sat in a chair facing him. “How are your mother’s wedding plans going? William Bryant is a fine man, a fine man. He’s on our Board of Trustees, did you know?” Peering wide-eyed at her over the top of his glasses, he folded his hands. “So, what brings you here, Ms. Fairbanks?”
Deciding Finstead’s first three questions were rhetorical, Julia went right to the last. “I’m just starting my second year of law school, sir, but I do a bit of free-lance writing as well.” She did write an article once, about her experiences as a lifeguard for the Windbrook Park District. “I’m working on an article now about Barbara Adams and…well… the impact of libraries on their communities. On spec, you know. No contract yet. Which brings me to you. I’m sure you have some insight into your predecessor’s thinking about—”
“Please, please, my dear. I wouldn’t want to be quoted that I consider Ms. Adams my predecessor. She was Director. I’m Acting Director. As to the next permanent Director, that’s up to the Trustees.”
“Right. I understand. In addition to getting your own input as to Ms. Adams, I’d like to talk to a few other members of your staff. Just briefly, you know, not interfering with their duties, of course.”
“Well, I…uh…I suppose that would be all—”
“Thanks, Mr. Finstead. Thanks a lot. Let me ask you something first. The director of a library has to supervise so many different employees, and I was wondering: Was Ms. Adams well-liked by library staff?”
“Well-liked?” He paused. “Barbara was a very competent, conscientious administrator.”

* * *

Ten minutes later it was clear that Finstead intended to skirt around every question that touched on whether Barbara Adams was popular with her staff, or whether anyone—inside or outside the library—had a problem with her.
Julia had the same luck with the next three library employees she spoke with, all of them women. They praised their deceased boss’s business acumen and competence, and avoided—some with obvious discomfort—whether anyone liked or disliked Barbara. Two others refused to talk to her at all, saying they were too busy.
She decided to go home and study. As she was leaving, her way was blocked by a rather elderly man sweeping the sidewalk just outside the entrance. She expected him to step aside, but he didn’t. Instead, he looked up at her and nodded solemnly. Then he said, “I bet ya didn’t learn a whole lot, right?”


SIX


Julia was startled. She had seen this thin, wiry man working around the library dozens of times throughout the years, but—and she suddenly felt a little guilty about it—she’d never spoken to him. “My…my name is Julia Fairbanks,” she said. “And you are…?”
“JJ Jackson,” he said, And no periods, dearie. Those aren’t initials. JJ’s my given name.”
“Well, Mr. Jackson, what did—”
“Call me JJ. I had one grandfather named Joseph, and the other named Jerome, and my parents couldn’t decide which name should go first. So it’s JJ. You’re writing an article about Ms. Adams, right?”
“You know that already?”
“Not much goes on around this library I don’t know.” He smiled. “Not that I go poking around in anyone’s business. But a man works at a library over thirty years…well…if he’s not a complete fool, he reads so many books he can’t help but learn stuff. And, if he keeps his eyes and ears open…well…he learns other stuff, y’know?”
“I see. Sooo…you have a few minutes to chat?”
JJ checked his watch. “I got a break coming. Let’s go to my office.” She followed him around the corner of the building. “My office,” he said, gesturing with his broom hand.
It was a picnic table under a shade tree. It couldn’t be seen from the parking area or the street. Julia thought it was probably where library staff ate lunch or took breaks when the weather allowed.
“It’s a little nippy here in the shade,” he said, “so probably won’t be anyone bothering us.” He leaned his broom against the tree and sat at the table. She sat across from him.
He pulled a pack of Marlboros from his shirt pocket, took one out and stuck it between his lips, and slid the pack back in his pocket. “Oh,” he said, talking around the cigarette. “Want one?” Reaching toward his pocket again.
“No, thanks. But what—”
“Good on you. With young folks these days, you never know. A lot of ’em are dumb as me.” He flipped open a bulky stainless steel lighter, lit the cigarette, and blew out a stream of smoke. With his tan, leathery skin, gray mustache, and flannel shirt, he looked like an older version of the Marlboro man in a baseball cap—tough as nails, and strong. He leaned toward her. “Was I right?”
“Excuse me?” Her mind was on the Marlboro man, and his dying of lung cancer.
“Talking to the staff, you probably didn’t learn—”
“Oh, yes, you’re right. I mean, I learned that Ms. Adams was hard-working and efficient. But for the sort of article I’m doing, I need something…well…more personal. What her ideas were, or her philosophy; why she became a librarian; what the staff thought of her; what she hoped to accomplish. That sort of thing.”
“Uh-huh.”
He didn’t say anything else, so she said, “It must have been terrible, finding her dead like that.”
“Well, I planned to go in late that morning ’cause she’d been running me ragged for two days. Dragging old boxes up out of storage to her office so’s she could look through ’em. She was like a lady on a mission, and… Uh, where was I? Oh, yeah. I woulda gone in late but it was cold and I thought I better go and make sure the boiler’s working. And, you know, there she was. What a surprise.”
“I bet.” She noticed he was careful to blow his smoke off to the side, away from her. “I guess what surprises me,” she said, “is that everything seems so…so normal in the library, like there hadn’t just been a tragic death.”
“Well…” JJ turned his head and blew out another long, thin stream of smoke. “It’s not like they were right there when she died. And it was just a heart attack. Happens every day.” He tapped ashes onto the ground. “Besides, most of them don’t really care that much. And the ones that do care? They’re happy as hell.”
“What?” Julia’s breath caught in her throat.
“Ms. Adams wasn’t, let’s say, the likable kind. Especially as a boss. I got along great with her, but I think that’s because I was already here when she started working here.” He obviously enjoyed having an audience. “She was still in college and I was maybe fifteen years older. I helped her out with stuff. You know, showed her where things were around the building. Even back then, most people didn’t like her.”
“Really?”
“She was sorta standoffish. Independent, too. To my mind she used to break rules just to break ’em, at least when no one was looking. Like she used to sneak into the boiler room for a smoke, when there was supposed to be no smoking inside. I caught her lotsa times. But I never said nothing, and she never forgot that.” He took a last drag, and stamped out the butt on the sole of his heavy work shoe. “’Course, I’ve always done my job . So I gave her nothing to complain about when she got to be in charge. Most folks found it hard to work for her. She could be…you wanna know the truth… mean. No other way to put it. Not just to the staff, either.”
“Who besides the staff?” JJ looked surprised by her question and she remembered she was supposed to be writing an article. “I mean,” she said, “I don’t want to offend anyone by anything I say in my article, and…”
“And you’re a curious person, right?” He winked, good-naturedly. She thought he probably didn’t get much conversation as a janitor…or a Maintenance Supervisor, as his ID badge put it. “Like me,” he added.
“I guess so.” She grinned. “So…since we’re each a bit of a gossip…who didn’t like her…and why?”
“Well…did you know her husband committed suicide?”
“Everyone knows that. A little over a year ago. Depression, they say. So you’re saying he didn’t like—”
“He’s not the one I’m thinking of.” JJ looked around, as though to be sure no one was listening, then said. “Ms. Adams’s step-daughter, her husband’s child from his first marriage—she’s grown now, older than you—she blames Ms. Adams for driving her father to blow his brains out. He left a note, said something like, ‘I can’t take it any more.’ The daughter says it was Ms. Adams he couldn’t take, and her constant criticism. I can believe that. Anyway, that girl…woman, I mean…hates her mother. Or hated her.”
“How would you know something like that?”
“Because like I told ya, I’m here all the time. And I can’t keep my ears plugged up, can I? The stepdaughter used to come and pick Ms. Adams up lotsa times at the end of the day. Sometimes no one else was here but me. I’d hear the two of ’em go at it. Tell you the truth, the daughter’s as mean as Ms. Adams. They deserved each other.”
“Wow,” Julia said. “Anybody else?”
“Well, Ms. Adams had a boyfriend. Crazy about her, though I don’t know why anyone—”
“No, I was asking who else hated her?”
“I’m getting to that.” He lit another cigarette. “The boyfriend’s wife, that’s who. She blames Ms. Adams for breaking up her marriage. She came here twice at night, hollering, threatening to choke Ms. Adams to death. You’d think she was trash, living in some rundown trailer the way she cussed, but she lives right here in the village. Ms. Adams just walked away from her, didn’t even call the police, ’cause she knew the woman, drunk as a skunk like she was, was a big shot with the Friends of the Library and raised tons of money.” JJ tapped his cigarette lighter on the table, first the top, then the bottom. “So…that makes two.”
“Anyone else? I mean, who really didn’t like her, hated her?”
“Funny,” he narrowed his eyes. “This doesn’t seem like the stuff you’d put in the kinda article you’re talking about.”
“Well,” Julia said, “who knows? Maybe I can write two different articles. Anyway, who else? C’mon, you’d know, if anyone would.”
She could see he couldn’t resist telling what he knew, or thought he knew. “People who really hated her, huh? I guess the only other one I can think of is Mr. Finstead.”
“Mr. Finstead? The Acting Director?”
“Yep.” JJ took a long drag on his latest Marlboro, looking pleased that he’d shocked her. “You probably know the Windbrook library and the one in Glenfield are joined in some kind of a partnership. The same Board of Trustees runs ’em both.”
“Uh-huh. So?”
“So the directorship of the Glenfield branch came open last spring. Mr. Finstead was in line for the job. Everyone said it was a sure thing. But Ms. Adams torpedoed it. Went to the board and bad-mouthed him. He was furious, but what could he do? I know he’s glad she’s—”
“Mr. Jackson! I need you!” It was Judy Wright from the Readers Services desk, standing at the corner of the building, obviously frantic.
“I’m on break,” he called back.
“I know,” Judy said, “but it’s that homeless man. The one with the wires on his cap?”
“You mean Radar Ralph? He smells a little, but he’s harmless. I’ll get rid of him when I finish my—”
“You have to come now, Mr. Jackson. The man must have been drinking beer, and eating…I don’t know…I think a hot dog. Anyway, he threw up all over my desk…and my keyboard.”

* * *

Julia drove home, knowing she had to hit the books. Crim Pro and Con Law, those were the two biggies. Then again, she didn’t have either of those two classes again until the day after tomorrow, so she didn’t have to start tonight. Besides…she’d have a hard time concentrating.
If you could believe JJ Jackson—and she did—at least three people had serious grudges against Barbara Adams. She knew better, though, than to run back to the police. In fact, maybe they were right. Her mother, too. Maybe her imagination was running away with her. Maybe she was riding off into a fantasy world of crime solving, in an effort to escape the rigor and drudgery of student life.
On the other hand, she couldn’t help wondering what Barbara Adams had been looking for in those boxes she had JJ haul up to her office. Had the “lady on a mission” found what she was looking for? Did it have anything to do with her phone calls to Julia’s mother? Or that email she never sent?
So Julia would go forward. She wouldn’t let a little nay-saying from her mother or the police persuade her to give up. She too was a “lady on a mission.”


SEVEN


The next afternoon Barbara Adams’s stepdaughter, Melissa Morgan, tried to slam the door in Julia’s face. “I don’t want to talk,” Melissa said.
Julia wedged her foot between the door and the jam. “Ms. Morgan, I know this is a difficult time.”
Melissa gave her an icy look. “You have no idea. Please, leave me alone.” A brittle woman, with pale blond hair, pale blue eyes, and pale skin, she looked a little older than Julia, maybe late twenties. Then again, her sour expression might have added a few years to her appearance.
“Wait,” Julia said. “I…I lost my father…a few years ago. I know what you’re going through.”
In truth, Julia had never gotten over her father’s death. He’d died suddenly—a brain aneurysm. He’d been dictating a letter in the Loop law offices of Dutton, Fairbanks, and Hodge when all at once he stopped talking. His secretary was waiting for the next part of the letter, but when she looked up he had keeled over, his eyes rolled back in his head. They kept him alive for another forty-eight hours, but he never regained consciousness.
Julia loved her mother, but her father had been special. Julia took after him. He had a curiosity about the world, society, and history that she shared. They both loved—
“I said…please go.” Melissa was almost whining.
Julia brought her focus back. “I’d like to ask a few questions…about your mother.”
“My step-mother, you mean.”
“Right. Sorry. But it’s because of my mother —”
“Who did you say you were?”
“Julia Fairbanks. My mother is Mavis Fairbanks. She and…your stepmother…were close, and my mother feels…well…she wants some closure, you know? I was hoping you could help. Can I come in?”
Melissa eyed Julia, looked at her watch, then gave a resigned shrug. “You have five minutes.”
“Thank you.” She slipped inside before Melissa could change her mind.
They went into a living room that looked pale, modern…and uncomfortable. “If your mother was her friend, she had to know that Barbara Adams and I…well…we were never close.” Melissa sat primly on a white fabric couch without a spot on it.
“Why not?” Julia asked, thinking it took guts to have a couch like that.
“She was a narcissist,” Melissa said. “She thought only about herself. Husband, relatives, friends…they were all simply satellites…creatures she saw through the prism of her own ego. Frankly, I didn’t know she had any friends. Your mother must be quite…unusual…to have put up with her.”
Julia restrained herself from defending her mother. “Your father must have loved her. They were married for…what?... six years?”
Melissa’s lips tightened. “I didn’t say narcissists weren’t charming. ‘B’—that’s what I call her—could be appealing when she wanted. It was as if…as if she cast a spell over Dad. For a while. But when the spell ended, he was miserable. It was because of B that he killed himself.”
Julia wasn’t sure what to say. “Um…is that B-e-a? Or B-e-e?”
“Neither. Just the letter ‘B’… and not for Barbara, but for Bitch. Class-A Bitch. Always demanding that my father—and I—rearrange our schedules to suit her. Eat at the restaurant she wanted, see the movie she wanted. And everything bad was always someone else’s fault. Usually my father’s. Certainly never her fault. I’m surprised Dad lasted as long as he did.”
“You didn’t live with them?”
“God forbid.” Melissa raised her hands as if to shield herself from the thought. “She made it clear she didn’t want me around. I was a threat. I reminded Dad of the way his life used to be. Oh, at first I tried to get along. I’d go out of my way to pick her up at the library at the end of the day. My dad thought she’d appreciate that and it might help us get along. But it didn’t work. Nothing did.”
“You sound bitter.” And pretty damn bitchy yourself.
“You’d be, too,” Melissa said. “I’m still furious at how much Dad suffered. Anyway, when he realized how he was changing, I guess it was all too much for him. That woman deserved what she…I mean…she got what was coming to her.”
Julia leaned forward. “What do you mean?”
Melissa fingered the fringe on a white blanket that was draped over the back of the couch. “Just that she’s gone, and she can’t harass anyone any more.”
Is that all? Julia wondered. “Melissa, when was the last time you saw Barbara?”
“Saw her?” She played with the fringe on the blanket. “At my father’s funeral. Over a year ago.”
Julia hesitated. “And the night she died, where were you?”
Melissa stiffened. “What are you suggesting?”
“I…well…I’m not comfortable with how she died.”
Melissa cocked her head. “You don’t believe she had a heart attack?”
“What do you think?”
“Hold on a minute.” Melissa drew herself up. “Are you implying she was… murdered?” When Julia didn’t answer, she added, “And that I know something about it?”
Julia kept her mouth shut. Melissa looked like she was about to kick Julia out.
Instead, Melissa broke into a grin. “Well…I sure wish I did have something to do with it.” Her grin widened. “Really, you think B was murdered?”
Julia was taken aback. “It’s a possibility,” she said. “Barbara was desperate to talk to my mother that night. She left her messages saying she might be in trouble, but she had to act soon.”
“Sounds like B, all right.” Melissa nodded. “The Drama Queen. ‘I won’t back down.’ How many times did I hear that?”
“Still, someone didn’t like something she was doing. The question is who, and why. And whether they did something about it.”
Melissa nodded. “Hey, I’d have stood in line to get rid of that woman. But I was at the symphony the night she died.”
“Were you with someone?”
Melissa looked down. “No. I…I went by myself. Bought my ticket at the door.” She looked up. “I might have the ticket stub somewhere. But I don’t think I have to show it to—”
“Oh, no. Of course not,” Julia said. “I believe you.” And I can check it out if I need to.

* * *

Julia drove away from Melissa Morgan’s house, reviewing what she’d learned. One, that the woman had clearly hated Barbara. Two, that she seemed to have an alibi for the night Barbara died, or at least one that could be checked.
Surprisingly, though, there was something else Julia had learned. She didn’t like grilling Melissa Morgan. She didn’t enjoy invading people’s lives, throwing out accusations. She’d never make it as a detective or a private investigator. Ironic, since so much of criminal law depended on investigative work.
She called her mother on her cell. Mavis reminded her that she and William were going to Apple Tree Theater in Highland Park that night. Her mother had asked a few days ago if Julia wanted to join them, but she’d declined. Now, she wished she’d accepted. She’d decided that she better get used to William. Besides, she was at loose ends, and the theater would have been an appealing diversion. She disconnected and checked the time.
Mid afternoon. Still plenty of time left in the day. Reluctantly, she turned the car around.


EIGHT


The Windbrook Library had an active “Friends of the Library” group, volunteers who supported library projects, advocated for reading and literature, and helped create community outreach and programs. But most of all, the Friends raised funds, and one of the group’s linchpins was Karen Templeton.
Julia didn’t actually know Karen, but had heard about her. She was said to be a whirlwind of a woman. She had one child, a daughter who’d gone to school with Julia at New Trier and was now a struggling actress in New York. Besides her work with the Friends, Karen was an officer of the Junior League, and was active in her church. On top of all that, according to Mavis, she’d recently started working as a designer at the old Marshall Field’s in Lake Forest. Of course it was—sad to say—Macy’s now, but at least the Lake Forest store was the only Macy’s in Chicagoland without an ugly red awning.
Karen had lovely blond hair that would never see gray—if she and her hairdresser had their way—and a sculpted body that spoke of grueling workouts at the Community Center. She also happened to be the ex-wife of Malcolm Templeton. And Malcolm had been Barbara Adams’s boyfriend.
Julia pulled up to Karen’s home, a small but elegant white house with black shutters just off Sheridan Road. The lawn and grounds were immaculate. Not a stray leaf in sight, the bushes trimmed, urns of yellow mums flanking the front door. The house lay deep in the shadow of tall oaks which still held their leaves, and Julia could see a light burning behind a drawn window shade. That was a good sign.
But the person who opened the door when she rang wasn’t Karen Templeton. It was a young man, tall, dark, and very buff. He seemed about the same age as Julia, and he looked at her with undisguised curiosity. “Yes?”
“Hi. I’m Julia Fairbanks, and I’d like to speak to Karen.”
He tilted his head. “About what?” His tone wasn’t unpleasant, but not friendly, either.
“It’s personal, I’m afraid.”
“Ah. Well then, I’m sorry. She’s not available.”
Julia shifted her feet, noticing the ghost of a smile on the young man’s lips. He seemed to be enjoying her discomfort. “Well, perhaps you could ask her to call me?”
“Again, what is this about?”
Who is this guy? A nephew or something? Julia did her best to stay polite, but it was getting difficult. “As I said, it’s a personal matter.”
“Well then, sorry.” The smile disappeared, and he closed the door.
Julia stood there, stunned, not quite believing what had happened. She hadn’t even thought to stick her foot in the door this time. She headed back to her car and was about to start the engine when a blue BMW pulled into Karen’s driveway.
The door opened, and Karen Templeton climbed out.
Julia got out of her car. “Ms. Templeton?”
Karen was retrieving a bag of groceries from the back seat. She stopped and turned around. “Yes?”
“I’m Julia Fairbanks.” As she spoke, she noticed one of the window shades going up, and saw the young man peering out at them. “I’m sorry to intrude, but I’d like to talk to you.”
“Who did you say you were?”
“I’m Mavis Fairbanks’ daughter, Julia.”
Templeton smiled. “Oh yes. I know your mother…and William. What can I do for you?”
Julia cleared her throat, nervous. “It’s about Barbara Adams’s death.”
At that, Templeton’s smile disappeared. She shifted the bag of groceries from one arm to the other. “What about it?”
“As you know, my mother was close to Barbara.” Julia repeated what she’d said to Melissa Morgan about closure. “The thing is, I’m…I’m not comfortable with the way she died.”
“Comfortable? About a death? What are you getting at?”
“I know Barbara wasn’t someone who…whom everyone liked. But just before she died she was worried about something. So worried that she left several messages for my mother, that very night. Something about ‘trouble,’ and ‘needing to something.’ And…well…I know she—”
“You know that she stole my husband, and that he and I are now in the middle of an acrimonious divorce. And you think her death, or her being ‘worried,’ has something to do with me.”
Julia felt her cheeks get hot. “Well... I thought—”
“You have some nerve, you know that?” Karen’s face sparked with anger. “Coming here and accusing me—” She stopped. “Just what are you accusing me of?”
Julia raised her hands. “I’m not accusing you of anything. I just wanted to find out if you had any idea what those messages might have been about.”
“Look, young lady, I don’t have to answer your questions. And I resent the fact that you’re skulking around my house. People are entitled to privacy. Get out.”
“I’m…I’m sorry.” Julia was shocked at Karen’s overreaction, and—recalling JJ’s comments—wondered if maybe the woman had been drinking. “I just wanted—”
“You just want to make trouble.” Karen’s eyes narrowed. “But you just leave me the hell alone. What I do is my business, you got that, honey?” She turned and hurried to the front door. As she reached the stoop the door opened, and the young man appeared. Karen handed him the bag of groceries. He set it aside and slipped his arms around Karen in what was definitely not a nephew’s hug. Karen reached back with her foot and closed the door.

* * *

Driving away, Julia felt discouraged. Her “investigation”—talking first to Donald Finstead, then Melissa Morgan, then Karen Templeton—had gone on a sliding scale from useless to disaster. All three had good reasons to dislike, even despise, Barbara Adams. In fact, Julia was beginning to wonder just what her mother saw in Barbara. But did any of those three hate her enough to kill her?
Finstead saw her as an obstacle in his career; Melissa Morgan considered her an evil stepmother; and Karen Templeton was furious that Barbara had stolen her husband. Still, Finstead didn’t seem passionate enough to kill anyone. Melissa Morgan, although glad Barbara was gone, claimed to have an alibi. And Karen Templeton? Was she really angry about losing her husband? Or was she relieved?
Julia suddenly remembered how wrong she’d been a year ago about the D’Amato case. Joel D’Amato had been shot dead outside his mother’s Windbrook home. The young man had been accused of burglary, and Julia,convinced his murder was mob-related, had spun a complicated tale of stolen goods, loose lips, and vengeful mafiosi. Then the police arrested D’Amato’s best friend, who confessed that he’d killed Joel in a disppute over cocaine.
So much, Julia thought, for her intuition.
She drove south along Green Bay Road. Maybe she should just give this up. She clearly wasn’t a detective. Barbara was dead. Nothing could bring her back. And frankly, with the exception of Julia’s mother, and possibly Barbara’s cats, no one seemed to be too concerned.
But dammit, what about those frantic messages? Those weren’t imaginary. What could be so important as to merit Barbara’s “acting soon,” even though it might mean “causing trouble for herself?”
JJ said Barbara made him drag a lot of boxes out of storage. Julia couldn’t imagine Barbara’s anxiety having anything to do with her job, but she wasn’t getting anywhere looking into the woman’s personal life.
She should go back to the library…and talk to JJ again.


NINE


That evening Julia hid in the women’s washroom until she heard three raps on the door. That was the plan they’d set up, and when she went out JJ was waiting for her. He led her quickly to the door to the basement. He unlocked it, and she followed him onto a small metal platform at the top of the basement stairs.
She reached instinctively for a light switch, but found none.
“I’ll get it.” He reached up to a switch on the wall high above the door jamb and turned on the lights. “I put that switch up there myself, as a temporary fix till the electricians could bring in conduit and mount it where it belongs,” he said. “That was twenty-five years ago.” He started down the steps. “Close the door behind you. I think everyone’s gone, but I don’t want anyone knowing I let you down here.”
“I understand.” She pulled the door closed and followed him down the steps.
“And oh,” he added, “watch these steps. They’re tricky.”
She shuddered as she pictured Barbara Adams tumbling down this same stairway, banging her head against the steps and landing on that concrete floor. The steps themselves were steel grating, like fire-escape stairs. They weren’t really deep enough for Julia to easily get her feet on them, and she held on to the railings on both sides.
It was a long way down, and when they reached the bottom they were in a combination janitor’s work space and boiler room. It was pretty large, about the size of an ordinary classroom, with a very high ceiling.
“I’ll get those boxes out for you, but just wait here a minute,” JJ said. “It’s nine-fifteen and I gotta take one more swing through to make sure everyone’s gone. Won’t be long.” He headed back up, and he hadn’t even reached the top of the stairs when Julia started feeling alone.
“JJ,” she said, “leave that door open, would you?”
“I don’t— Well, okay,” he said, his voice hushed. “But you’re not s’posed to be here, y’know? So don’t make any noise.” Then he was gone.
She looked around. The walls, like the floor, were concrete, and perhaps the ceiling too, but it was lost in darkness above the hanging fluorescent light fixtures. If there were any windows high in the walls they didn’t let any light in, but of course it was dark outside. Only the security lights were on in the library itself, and they were dim, so hardly any light came through the open door.
It was definitely eerie down here. Was this where that little boy whose nanny went looking for a book had wandered to? He must have been too young to be creeped out.
The space was cluttered. Cardboard cartons, some open, sat on the floor. A small bicycle—a kid’s two-wheeler—rested upside down on its seat and handlebars, one wheel removed, waiting for JJ to put it back on. A plunger stood upright in a bucket.
A steady, business-like hum came from the boiler itself. To the right of the stairs, it sat on a concrete platform maybe six inches above floor level. To her left, against the wall opposite the stairs, was a wooden workbench. If the floor was a bit cluttered, the workbench was as neat and orderly as her mother’s kitchen. There were glass baby food jars lined up in a row, filled with screws or nuts or whatever, and boxes and bottles of cleaning supplies, everything orderly. Above the bench, hand tools—saws of different shapes and sizes, a couple of hammers, a large wooden mallet, screwdrivers and pliers—hung from hooks on a pegboard.
Another fluorescent light fixture hung directly over the workbench, lower than the other two fixtures. That light was off. Beside the bench were a broom, shovel, rakes, mop, bucket, and cleaning equipment, all lined up against the wall. JJ probably knew exactly where everything was.
Where was he?
Over near the boiler was a door. Stuck to it with thumbtacks was a little sign made from an index card. She went closer and saw the words on the card said: NO ADMITTANCE. It was the only door she could see down here, so it must be the door to the storage—
“Hello? Is anyone down there?” It was a man, calling down from the door at the top of the stairs. Mr. Finstead!
She instinctively opened her mouth to call back, then caught herself. She stayed perfectly still, knowing he couldn’t see her from where he was.
“JJ?” Mr. Finstead called. “Are you there?”
She waited, hearing nothing but her own breath, and the hum of the boiler, and the jangling of Mr. Finstead’s keys.
Finally, after a very long several seconds he did just what she was afraid he’d do. He turned out the light and closed the door. And she heard the click of the lock.

* * *

Julia had been in dark rooms before, but nothing like this. The absence of light was terrifying. Dizzying, in fact, and she stretched out her hand toward the door to steady herself. But the door wasn’t there! She reached out with both hands, stretching into nothing but air, even when she took a small step.
She stood still. She’d just wait here for JJ to come back. It was so dark and—she couldn’t help it—she wondered what other living things might be down here. She couldn’t remember anyone ever saying they saw a mouse in the library, much less a rat; and she’d never seen a single insect or spider among the book stacks. But this was a basement, and there were corners down here where light never penetrated, and in those corners—
Stop it! she told herself.
She tried to calm down. JJ would be back any minute. She wondered how long she’d been waiting. Her watch didn’t have a luminous dial. Her cell phone was in her purse, and her purse was in the Miata. She closed her eyes and she could see more color and movement than she could with her eyes open. Where was JJ?
She couldn’t hear the hum of the boiler any more, and wondered when it had gone off. If it was a gas boiler, didn’t it have a pilot light? If it did, she couldn’t see it. In fact, she was disoriented and couldn’t remember exactly where the boiler was. She wasn’t about to try to find the stairs and feel her way all the way up those steep metal steps to fumble around for the light switch.
Then she realized she must have spun around when Mr. Finstead turned out the lights, so the door to the storage room must be behind her. She turned and cautiously reached out, moving forward…and finally felt the wood door. She’d have hugged that door if she could have. Instead, she stood holding her palms against it.
Then, slowly, she began to feel her way along the wall to the workbench. After several sideways steps she bumped into the mops and brooms against the wall. She stepped around things and kept going, and when she reached the bench she slid one hand along the wooden surface and moved her other hand through the air above it, until her arm hit a hanging string. She pulled on the string and…the light over the bench went on!
She’d barely heaved a sigh of relief when the door upstairs opened. “It’s me,” JJ called. “Sorry it took so long.” He started down, his shoes clanging on the metal steps.
“Turn the lights on from up there,” she said. “Otherwise, when—”
“Oh…yeah, you’re right.” He went back up, flipped the switch above the door, and started down again. When he got down he said, “I didn’t know Mr. Finstead was still here. Lucky thing you—” He stopped in front of her. “Are you alright? You look like you seen a ghost.”
“I couldn’t see anything. That’s the problem.”
“Oh…yeah. It gets dark down here with the lights off. I remember last month when we had a big thunderstorm and—”
“JJ?”
“Oh, yeah.” He started sorting through his ring of keys. “Let’s see…only me and Ms. Adams had this particular key.” He held up a key.
He unlocked the door and flicked the light on, and they stepped into a smaller room. It was warm and dry, and the air smelled stale, but not unpleasant. The walls were lined with metal shelves, and the shelves were mostly full of cardboard boxes, not like the mailing cartons in the boiler room, but like the file boxes stacked around the law office where Julia had interned. These, too, were built to hold file folders, but these had tops that lifted off, and rectangular openings cut in the sides to use as handles.
“That’s a lot of boxes,” Julia said.
“Yep. Seventy-nine of ’em,” JJ said. “Ms. Adams…she saved every damn piece of paper she ever wrote on. ’Course since computers come along there’s a lot less.”
“Good thing. You’re almost out of room.”
“Yep. I hadda bring a lotta these up to Ms. Adams’s office, one at a time. She’d look through a box and then call me and have me take that one down and bring up another. That went on for a couple of days, including the day she died.”
“Did she find what she was looking for?”
“I think she did, y’know, ’cause the last box I brought up was in the morning that day, and she didn’t ask for any more that afternoon. That one was still in her office the next morning, after she died…or after she…” He stopped. “Ms. Fairbanks?”
“Yes?”
“I know what you’re gettin’ at.”
“What I’m ‘gettin’ at?’ What do you mean?”
“You say you’re writin’ an article, but you think someone killed Ms. Adams, right? Otherwise, why would you and me be sneaking around here at night?”
“Well…I…I don’t have any real evidence. It’s just that…” Julia wasn’t sure what to say.
“You don’t have to explain. It’s a feeling. I understand. Fact is, I wanna help. She was…Ms. Adams I mean…she was a real bitch, if you wanna know the truth. But she did right by me. Plus, I knew her old man…I mean her father. He was a mean drunk, goin’ nowhere fast. Ms. Adams came from nothin’, and pulled herself up to a pretty high job. I admire that. So if you think someone killed her…”
“Well…I’m not accusing any—”
“But you think it’s sorta suspicious how she died, I can tell. Thing is, I do, too. Sure, the woman had some kinda heart condition. But she had that for years. She bragged a lot about how she followed doctor’s orders like she was s’posed to, and ate all the right foods. Said most people are too dumb or too lazy to live right. Said she was healthier in her fifties, than she was before she learned about her heart condition—which was like ten years ago.”
“She said that?”
“Said it all the time. And she played tennis, and went skiing, and all kinds of sports. I mean, when you think about it, why should her heart pick just the time when she’s standing at the top of them steep stairs, all alone, at night? She sure wasn’t doing any hard work like carrying stuff. She just happens to have a heart attack right then? And falls down the stairs? I mean…it’s suspicious.”
“Yes…well…I’m thinking her death might be connected somehow to what it was she was looking for. I think she found it, too.” Julia paused. “But it’ll take me forever to go through all these.”
“You won’t have to,” he said. He went over to a shelf and tugged at a box. “Here’s the one you want.”
“What? I mean, how do you know which box I want?”
“’Cause if Ms. Adams found something, it must’ve been in this box. It’s the box that was still in her office the morning after. I hauled it back down here.” He carried the box out into the boiler room and set it on the floor directly below one of the light fixtures, and dragged a chair over next to it. “I’ll just work on this here bicycle while you look through it.”
She took the top off the box and found that it was stuffed full of file folders, some of them fat and full of papers, and some with just a few sheets. Even this one box could take a long time to go through, when she didn’t know what she was looking for.

* * *

Half an hour later JJ had the bike tire repaired and the wheel back on. And Julia had the file folder she was looking for. She was sure of it. She could tell by the red circles on some of the pages. The pages were notes of research work Barbara had done for library patrons, some almost thirty years ago. The markings, made with a felt-tip pen, stood out on the old, dry pages. And a quick check through all the other folders in the box showed no other markings at all.
These were the pages that Barbara had in front of her when she left those two phone messages, and drafted that unsent email. Julia was sure Barbara wanted badly to tell someone what was on these pages, and she’d picked Julia’s mother to call.
But why Mavis Fairbanks? Maybe because she’d known her for so many years, and knew Mavis would take her seriously, wouldn’t patronize her.
Julia kept the folder while JJ put the box away and re-locked the storage room. They climbed the steep steps, locked everything back up tight, and JJ walked her to her car. She had parked down the street from the library, so her car in the lot wouldn’t draw attention.
“I guess I helped, huh?” he asked, as she slipped behind the wheel of the Miata.
“You sure did. I can’t thank you enough.”
“So…what’s next?”
“I don’t know, JJ. I’ll have to figure that out.”


TEN


By eleven o’clock Julia was at her desk. Her Constitutional Law casebook lay open, and her legal pad, pen, and Diet Pepsi were at hand. Normally she did her best studying late at night.
Tonight, however, though she’d laid everything out, and though she was behind in her reading, it was a lost cause. She shoved the fat, heavy law book to the side and opened the folder she’d taken from the library.
She had to figure out what those notes, and the red markings, meant to Barbara Adams. Because right now, to Julia, they meant nothing at all.

* * *

At midnight she drained the last drop of Pepsi and stared down at her legal pad. Nothing but doodles. The swift progress she’d initially made at interpreting what lay in front of her had raised high hopes, but she’d soon slammed into a wall, her hopes collapsing like one of those test cars in the TV ads. And she was the driver, the dummy.
The folder she’d taken was labeled “Research 1979” and held about fifty pieces of paper. Some were eight-and-a-half-by-eleven sheets; some smaller, note-size; some fragments torn off larger pages. There were typed notes and handwritten ones, as well as some photocopies—mostly copies of cards from the card catalog. Julia had glanced through everything quickly in the boiler room, and noted that the handwriting looked the same. She’d shown a sample to JJ. “Yep,” he said, “that’s Ms. Adams’s writing.”
Many of the notes were dated, a few stating just a day of the week, such as “Tues.” Usually, though, the day and the month were indicated, like “9/21.” Seven of the dates included a year, always 1979. So this was a folder of notes made either by Barbara or for Barbara, during a period covering several months during 1979. That would have been one of the earliest years Barbara had worked at the library, possibly while she was still in college.
From reading the notes, it was clear that one of Barbara’s duties then was to help with research. Julia decided the typed notes were directives about what some library patron was looking for, and the handwritten notes—sometimes on the same page as the directive, sometimes on a separate sheet—summarized what Barbara had found. The photocopies showed where the patron could go for the information. Of all the pages, just three of them held the red-inked circles that had caught Julia’s attention.
She reminded herself that back then people couldn’t just go on the internet and find out who played Pontius Pilate in Ben-Hur, or what the “hand clap koan” is, or the antidote for cyanide, or the year the Blackhawks first won the Stanley Cup—all of which, the notes showed, were among the matters Barbara had been asked to look up in 1979. While the research desk, she supposed, was still a key position in a good library, back in the olden days—like the 1970’s—it must have been even more crucial. Research librarians back then must have needed lots of help as they fielded an endless stream of questions. During a four-month period in 1979, there may have been hundreds of requests to the library for research help.
Why Barbara saved these particular notes would have been a mystery in itself if not for JJ’s statement: “Ms. Adams…she saved every damn piece of paper she wrote on.” It was interesting that anyone at all would save notes like these, especially after she’d reported her findings to the research librarian or the library patron.
Barbara must have known, even as a part-timer, that reputable libraries didn’t keep records of what books patrons consulted, or what information they were looking for. In fact, it took Julia about thirty seconds of computer time to find the American Library Association’s Code of Ethics. Number three on the list was:
We protect each library user's right to privacy and confidentiality with respect to information sought or received and resources consulted, borrowed, acquired or transmitted.

So Barbara, by saving these notes, had broken a cardinal rule. But then again, as JJ had put it, Barbara “used to break rules just to break ’em.”
None of the typed directives included the name of the person seeking help, but nearly all Barbara’s handwritten notes included what Julia deduced were indications of the information seeker’s identity. For example, Barbara wrote: “For 1:1, Blackhawks first Stanley Cup,” and “For 7:25, Utah Nat’l Parks.” For whatever reason, she’d kept track of who was looking for what. And, apparently knowing there’d be trouble if anyone found her notes, she referred to the persons by numbers, not names. It didn’t surprise Julia that many of the numbers turned up more than once…some of them many times. Once people realized how easy it was to get someone else to do their work, they’d come back again.
That was the easy part.
Where Julia hit the wall was in trying to figure out who the people were. It was impossible. And what made that so frustrating was that she only needed to identify one of them, because the red-inked circles were all on the notes of just three jobs Barbara had done…all for the same person. The first two circled items were handwritten notes, the third was a photocopy:
For 23:2 (7/2/79)
Shakespeare, historical plays, ten (but about only 7 kings)
See Encycl. Brit.

For 23:2 (7/31/79)
Jonestown mass suicide
Time magazine, 11/16/78

For 23:2 (8/13)
Title: Drug identification guide.
Edition: 5th ed.
Publication info: Oradell, N.J.: Medical Economics, 1977.
General Note: Reprinted from 1977 Physicians' desk referen.
General Note: Includes a comprehensive list of poison
control centers.
Subject term: Drugs—Catalogs.
Subject term: Poison control centers—United States.
Added title: Physicians' desk ref to pharmaceutical
specialties and biologicals.

No other notes referred to person 23:2. What did these three mean? And who was this person 23:2, whom Barbara helped nearly thirty years ago? Was there an answer here as to why she so badly wanted to talk to her friend Mavis Fairbanks? Did this explain why she had toppled down those steep metal steps?


ELEVEN


The following afternoon, Julia hurried into the library. It was one of those October days that augured winter: gunmetal sky, bitter chill, dead leaves eddying in swirls when the wind gusted. It was a perfect day to check out a book from the library and curl up with it at home. But Julia had other plans.
Mark Wainwright, the library’s IT guy, had agreed to meet her at three. Unfortunately, it was already three-thirty. Her Crim Pro class had been late getting out, and the el was slow. Happily, there was light coming from his office. She knocked on the half-open door.
“Come! ”
She stepped in. There was no window, and the office was tiny. It held a desk, two chairs and a file cabinet, and was suffused with an eerie blue light that came from the monitors on the desk. Two of them, each connected to a tower on the floor. An electric hum filled the air, and it was warm.
“Hi, Mark. I’m Julia. Sorry to be late.”
Wainwright, seated at his desk with his back to her, was leaning toward one of the monitors. He swiveled around and looked at her. Then his eyebrows arched, and he awkwardly got to his feet. She smiled and felt her face turning red. She found herself hoping he liked what he saw.
He was about her age, and didn’t look at all like her idea of a nerd. No pocket protector or glasses. In fact, he was a brawny bull of a man, with sandy hair that hung a little over his ears, and a blue sweater that matched his eyes. His face was pleasant, his chin surprisingly strong.
“No problem.” He stepped around his desk and stuck out his hand. He was wearing penny loafers, she noticed. She couldn’t remember the last time she’d seen anyone in penny loafers. No coins between the flaps, though. “…nice to meet you,” he was saying. “I mean…I had to be here, anyway.” As they shook hands, she saw a flush creep up his neck. She wasn’t the only one who could blush.
She smiled again, lowered her right hand, and smoothed her hair with her left.
He looked down at his own hand, as if he didn’t know what to do with it, then stuffed it in his pocket. “So…uh…what can I do for you?”
“May I?” She gestured to one of the chairs.
“Of course.” His cheeks were crimson now. He sat down, facing her, his desk behind him, and she sat too.
“First of all,” she said. “I want to thank you for sending on that email from Barbara Adams to my mother.”
A worried look came into his eyes, and he gave her a quick nod.
“It meant a lot to us. It was probably the last communication Mom got from her.”
He shifted in his seat. “Actually, I shouldn’t have done that.”
That’s why he’s so uncomfortable. He shouldn’t have read that email, much less sent it on. Maybe I can use that. “In fact,” she said, “it was that email that triggered a few questions for me. But before I go into them, I need to ask a favor .”
“A favor?”
“Just that I’d appreciate it if you’d treat this conversation as confidential.”
A line appeared between his eyebrows. “Why?”
“I can’t really discuss it. But it’s sort of the same reason why my mother and I haven’t told anyone you sent that email. It’s just better that some things don’t get spread around.” She smiled as sweetly as she could. “I’d like to think I can count on you.”
His frown deepened. “I don’t know...”
“Oh, don’t worry. I’m not asking you to do anything illegal or anything like that,” she cut in. “More like just…explaining things to me about the computer system at the library. I understand you set it up. You’re the expert.”
“Well...yes. I am.”
Julia bit her lip. She didn’t know what she’d do if he wouldn’t cooperate.
He stared at her in silence.
She squared her shoulders. She’d never know unless she tried. “Well…I realize all the checkouts at the library are done by computer these days.”
“That’s right.”
“And I know there’s a barcode on my library card…and on everyone else’s.”
“Yes.”
“That would seem to indicate that information about who’s checking out a book or a video or something is being kept track of somewhere in the system, right?”
He jerked his head up. “Excuse me, but that’s something I can’t discuss with anyone.”
She held up her palm. “I know all about confidentiality. Believe me, I have no problem with that. What someone reads is their own business. Not even the government should have a right to look over your shoulder.”
“Uh-huh.” He seemed to relax.
“Of course...I’m not the government. “
He tensed again.
“I think Barbara – uh — Ms. Adams was looking into materials someone was checking out. Technically, I suppose she shouldn’t have. But I happen to think she had a good reason.”
The look he gave her showed both suspicion and fear. “What…what are you saying?”
“I’m saying I’m not sure Barbara Adams’s death was an accident.”
His eyes widened and his mouth dropped open. “Are you saying she was…murdered?”
“It’s possible.”
He blew out a breath but didn’t say anything for a moment. Then, “Why don’t you go to the police?”
She fanned her face with her hand. It was much too warm in here. “I said it’s possible. And I did go to the police. They say there’s no evidence of any crime. To them, it’s open and shut. A heart attack and a fall down the stairs. They think I’m seeing crimes and conspiracies from the books I’m studying.” She shrugged, and added, “I’m in law school.”
“Oh.” He nodded, as if that explained everything. Was that a good sign?
“So, Mark...” She smiled again. “I need you to tell me if there’s a way to
flag a name…that is…to pick a library patron’s name and find out what he or she has checked out. And whether Barbara could have done that herself. It’s critical.”
He leaned back. “Only the director would have access to the kind of records you’re talking about. And if there was a way to do what you say, she’d know how. But even if she did it, the records would be deleted after a few months.”
She leaned forward. “And Mark, as the IT wizard around here, if there was a way to flag individuals, you’d know how to do it, wouldn’t you?”
“Tell me something,” he said, “hypothetically speaking. If I knew, why would I share it with you? If you tell people I helped, I could get fired.”
That was exactly the question she’d have asked. “You don’t know that. But if that’s true, you could probably be fired just for reading that email and sending it on to my mother. Right?” She could read the yes on his face. “But I haven’t told anyone about that. Right?”
“As far as I know.”
She let that sink in. “So can you help me, just this once? You already know you can trust me to keep a secret.” She paused “I just have this sense that someone could be getting away with murder.”
“You promise you won’t tell anyone about my helping you?”
“I promise I’ll do everything in my power to keep you out of it. That’s all I can promise. If I’m right, you’ll be glad you helped me, and probably no one will know you did. But even if your name does come up, you’ll be a hero. Hypothetically.”
He actually smiled then, but didn’t say anything for a long time. So long, in fact, that she was sure he was getting ready to kick her out of his office.
“Okay,” he finally said. “Let me show you what Ms. Adams could have done. Hypothetically.”
Julia suppressed her elation.
He clicked on a few files. Then he opened what looked like an Excel spread sheet. He copied some information, pulled down something on the “Data” menu, and clicked some more. He went awfully fast, too fast for her to see how to repeat the procedure.
“Okay,” he said. “Now…who do you want to flag?”
Even though her list of suspects was short, she wasn’t sure whether he’d give her more than one chance. She’d obsessed about this, and finally had a breakthrough. She’d woken up in the middle of the night last night with an insight. Barbara hadn’t simply assigned numbers to the names of people she did research for. That wouldn’t have taken two numbers with a colon between them. No, she’d made up a “code number” for each person, a code she could easily remember, so she wouldn’t need a written list. A simple code, and Julia thought she had it cracked. So she did have a prime suspect.
She showed Mark the list and pointed to the name. He typed it in and they both waited. Then he leaned back and she leaned forward.
When she read what was on the screen she clamped her lips together, but in her heart she shouted, Oh…my…God!


TWELVE


The first name she’d given Mark Wainwright was the only one that counted, but Julia had given him two other names to throw him off the track. Then she’d feigned disappointment that he’d shown her nothing of importance. She also tried to convince him to make hard copies of what he brought up on the screen, saying she just wanted a reminder of how wrong she’d been.
“No copies,” he’d said. “I’d be fired for sure.”
She’d been disappointed. By the next day, though, she changed her mind. If he had made her a copy, what would she do with it? Show it to her mother? To Detective Nystrand? Her mother would tell her she’d been studying too hard and needed a weekend off. The detective would laugh at her—politely, of course…at least until she was out of earshot.
She herself couldn’t be absolutely certain, but if she was right…well… Nothing would happen right away, but there were things to be done, and she was going to do them.
In fact, she was going to do them tonight.

* * *

It was a chilly evening, so Julia wore blue jeans and her black sweater. “I’m off to the library, Mom.” She zipped up her fleece jacket and hoisted her bag over her shoulder.
“So late?” Mavis was putting the finishing touches on a chocolate layer cake, applying the frosting in tidy little swirls. “Isn’t it closing?”
“There’s still almost two hours, and I have some research to do.”
“All right, dear,” Mavis said. “By the way, how does this look? It’s for the Women’s Club luncheon tomorrow.”
“Perfect.” Julia kissed her mother and strode out to her car. She climbed inside, but before starting the engine she pulled out her cell and punched in the number.
“JJ here.”
“Hi. Be there in five.” She disconnected, then reached into her purse for the card with the other phone number on it. She took a deep breath, then made the second call.

* * *

She left the Miata in the library lot under a street light and headed inside. There weren’t many people inside. The toddlers and young children who flocked to the place during the day were home getting ready for bed. According to her name badge the woman at the circulation desk was Juli Janowicz, and she wasn’t among those whom Julia had interviewed earlier. She gave Julia a tired smile, the kind of smile that said she hoped Julia wasn’t going to be a bother, because she’d had a long day.
“Excuse me, Ms. Janowicz. Have you seen JJ?”
“Not recently, but I suppose I can page him for you. Your name…?”
“Julia Fairbanks.”
Janowicz smiled again, friendlier this time. “Oh, another Julia.”
A few moments later JJ arrived. Janowicz nodded at them and went back to her computer. JJ led Julia across the main lobby, past Barbara Adams’s old office, down a short hall. At the end of the hall was a door leading to a meeting room with rows of chairs set up theater-style. A podium faced the chairs, with a projection screen behind it. On the back wall was a large, plate-glass window, through which Julia could see a small room with a slide projector, video player, and other equipment. JJ led her through a door into that room.
“The A-V booth,” he said. He opened a drawer in a table and took out a small dark object, a little larger than a paper clip, with a tiny black foam ball on top. “It’s called a wireless pinhole mike, and it’ll pick up and transmit sound from anywhere in the building to this receiver.” He held up a little black box about the size of a deck of cards. “I got it from Mark Wainwright. Him and me are on real good terms. I’m the only person around here who pays any attention to him…unless something breaks down and—
“JJ, the mike. Tell me.”
“Oh, yeah. You just wear this, and I’ll be able to hear any conversation you have.”
“You can record everything, too?”
“You betcha.”
“How far away can this little thing pick up another person’s voice?”
“Mark says fifteen or twenty feet, maybe more, depending on how loud the person talks. It’s pretty sophisticated. He wouldn’t say where he got it, but I think it’s like what undercover cops use.”
“So…where do I put it? Can it be hidden?”
“That’s the best part. You can attach it to your…you know…under your sweater, and it’ll still pick up voices.”
“You’re sure this will work?”
“Absolutely. I just connect this little receiver here to the recording system, and we’re good to go. Mark and me tried it. I wore it under my shirt. I mean, I didn’t tell him who wanted to use it, or mention you at all.”
“And you’ll turn it on at five to nine, right? And you’ll be listening?”
“Sure thing. He paused and pursed his lips. “You don’t think there’s any…you know…danger, do you?”
“No way. Even if I’m right, this is definitely not a person with the guts to use violence. Not the face-to-face kind, anyway.”
“Okay, but if you need help or something, just say so. I’ll come running. I can handle myself pretty good…and I know how to dial 911.” He looked at his watch. “We still got an hour and a half. What’re you gonna do?”
“What I’m supposed to. Study.”

* * *

At 8:00 Julia was in the lobby, seated at a table near the stacks. No way could she study. The mike was under her sweater, and she was watching the clock. By 8:30 her stomach was churning. By 8:45 she was biting her nails, wondering if she was making a huge mistake. By 8:55 she’d almost convinced herself to forget the whole thing.
At 9:05, though, she was still waiting, and Juli Janowicz was very anxious to go home. “I’m the last one here,” Janowicz said, “and I have to make sure the doors are locked.”
“But I’m waiting for someone, and it’s so cold outside. Can’t I—”
Just then JJ came through the glass doors. “Not to worry, Ms. Janowicz.” He said. “I’ll take care of everything. You go on home.”
Janowicz was happy to go, and Julia took her place at the desk, not far from the front doors, which were locked now to anyone outside.
Ten minutes later Julia was checking her watch when someone tapped loudly at the glass front door. She hurried over and pushed the door open. It was William Bryant.
“Julia,” he said, a little out of breath. “I’m so glad you’re still here. Sorry to be late.”
“Not a problem. JJ knows me, and I promised him I’d make sure the door was locked when we left. Thanks for meeting me.”
“My pleasure.” William carried his excess weight well on his tall frame and, as usual, was fashionably dressed: black pants, black sweater, gray jacket. Armani, she guessed. Her mother would know. “I’m so glad you called,” he said “Mavis will be delighted that you and I are finally getting along.”
“Oh, I wouldn’t say we don’t get along, William. I just haven’t had a chance to get to know you.”
“Same here. I’m sure we’ll become good friends.” He smiled his car salesman smile, and she thought that if the tiny microphone she was wearing picked up anything, it would be that loud, pompous voice of his.
“I’m sure we will.”
He offered his arm. “Shall we go?” he asked. “I was thinking maybe O’Neills. It’s not too far away and we could have wine or coffee. Or dessert. Or we could drive down to Borders. The café is open till eleven. I’m happy to drive.”
“Either one sounds good. Oh, but before we go…” She pulled him toward the double doors. “I want to show you something. I…I want to see what you think about it.”
“Oh?”
“It’s in Barbara’s office.”
“Barbara Adams?”
She nodded, and thought his smile suddenly looked forced. “It’ll only take a moment,” she said. “It’s important. Especially since mom and Barbara were such good friends.”
He looked hesitant. “All right, I guess.”
She led the way to Barbara’s office and opened the door.
William frowned. “It’s unlocked?”
“Sure. It’s not being used these days.” She ushered him in and left the door open.
“Now, my dear, what is it you wanted to show me?”
“This way.” She led him around behind Barbara’s desk. On top was the file box with Barbara’s notes. JJ had lugged it upstairs one more time. She faced William and took a deep breath.
“Do you know what this is, William?”
His smile was definitely forced now. “Looks like a box of records.”
“Right. Barbara’s records. Turns out she was kind of a pack rat. Saved everything she ever did. At least here in the library. Did you know that?”
Now William’s smile disappeared altogether. “I didn’t. And you shouldn’t be going through—”
“I know, but I just had so many questions about Barbara’s death, you know?”
“Questions?”
“Right before she died, Barbara was trying to reach my mother. She left two rather desperate phone messages. And an email. She said she had something very important to tell her. She seemed almost frantic.”
“So?”
“She said she might be putting herself in danger, but that there was something Mother needed to know.”
William waved a hand. “Yes, well, Barbara was rather melodramatic. She enjoyed conflict, loved to stir things up.”
“Really? And you, William?”
“What about me?”
“Do you enjoy conflict?”
“Not especially.” His frown deepened.
“Did you and Barbara have any…conflict?”
“Julia, what the hell are you talking about?”
Now or never, Julia thought. “In this box,” she said, “are Barbara’s notes from 1979. Part of her job then was to find articles and books that patrons requested. Does that ring a bell, William?”
He didn’t say anything.
“1979 was the year your wife died. She was quite a bit older than you, and had some medical problems, I understand. But still, her death was unexpected, according to old newspaper articles I’ve read. That’s why I found it so interesting that you’d been doing some research in the library…just a few months before her death.”
“Research? What are you talking about?”
“Research about drugs. Poisons, in particular.” She held up a sheaf of papers. “Barbara’s notes. She wasn’t supposed to save information like this. But she did. Even the names of the people she helped. The names were in code, of course. But I was able to figure it out. Your initials are W.B., the twenty-third and second letters of the alphabet. So she called you 23:2.”
“Julia, you are out of your mind.” A flush crept up his neck.
“Your wife was probably a lot like my mother. Wealthy. Wanting companionship. And guess who shows up?”
William turned on his heel.
“Don’t go yet. There’s more.” He stopped, and she knew then that she was right. An innocent man would have been long gone. A guilty man needed to find out how much she knew. “Barbara discovered you were at it again. Researching poisons. Like ricin. And potassium chloride. She made the connection. Maybe she even confronted you about it.” She stared at him. “That fall down the stairs? That was no accident, was it?”
“You’re delusional.” He was overweight, yes, but at well over six feet tall he suddenly didn’t look as soft as she’d previously thought. “You are beginning to irritate me, Julia.”
“Am I?” The soft, threatening tone of his voice frightened her. She had thought him capable of poison, or a push from behind, but not of face-to-face violence. Until now. “JJ?” she called, in a loud voice. “I need you.”
When there was no answer William leaned toward her and in that same menacing tone he said, “I believe JJ’s gone home, Julia.”
It was time to call this off. William wasn’t going to admit anything. “JJ,” she called again, “could you come in here now?”
No one came.
Julia’s stomach clenched. The audio-visual booth wasn’t that far away. If JJ was listening and recording the conversation, he should have been here by now.
“My, my,” William said. “I’m afraid it’s just you and me.”
A cold drop of fear slid down her spine. Where was JJ? The sound system must not be working, or he’d know she was in trouble. Meanwhile, William was edging toward her.
She backed away, sliding around the side of the desk. “My mother knows I’m here,” she said. “She’s expecting me home any minute.”
“Actually, she’s not. I told her you and I were going out for coffee. I’ll have to tell her you were gone by the time I got here. You’re a foolish girl, Julia.”
She ran to the door, desperately knocking two chairs down in front of him, blocking his way. As she exited, she pressed the lock button and slammed the door shut behind her.
Just outside the office was a large display table loaded with books. She could hear William fiddling with the door to get it unlocked. She ran over and, with the strength that could come only with terrible fear, she pushed that heavy table up against the office door.
Now he was already pushing on the door.
She ran in a panic…blindly….deeper into the library.


THIRTEEN


She ran as fast as she could. The emergency exits were locked electronically after hours and wouldn’t open, even from the inside. The front door might not be, but that meant going back toward William. And she could hear him banging the office door against that table of books.
She paused behind a tall display announcing new non-fiction. She thought of her cell phone, but it was in her fleece jacket… in Barbara’s office. At the end of the lobby a light shone from the door to the basement. It was open. Is that where JJ had gone? She ran to the door. She couldn’t see Barbara’s office from here, but she heard that heavy table of books sliding across the floor . It was either hide or fight—and William was way too big for her. She stepped inside and closed the door.
She stood on the metal platform at the top of the stairs. “JJ?” she called softly.
No answer…but she had an idea. William probably wouldn’t know where the light switch was. If he opened the door and found it pitch dark he might assume she wasn’t down there. Or if he did come down in the dark to look, she’d at least have the advantage of knowing where things were. She reached up over her head and flicked the switch.
Damn! The main lights went off, but the light over the workbench stayed on. She hurried down the steep steps, lucky to make it to the bottom without falling. She had to turn that light off, too, and—
“Julia, my dear.” It was William.
She stood frozen, just a few feet from the steps. She hadn’t even heard the door open.
“I’m afraid you ran the wrong way, Julia.”
She spun around. “JJ!” she screamed. “Help! Help!”
“Very clever,” he said. “But you tried that before. No one’s here but you…and me.” He closed the door behind him, as though to emphasize their aloneness. “Just the two of us.” Holding on to the railings he started down, slowly, aware that for a man his size the shallow metal steps were dangerous. Being cautious, but not thinking to look around for a light switch. After all, there was plenty of light.
If I can lure him all the way down while the light’s on, and then… “So you did kill Barbara,” she said, backing away from the steps, toward the workbench. “It wasn’t an accident.” If she couldn’t get a recording, at least she’d be able to testify to his admissions…if she survived. “The police were wrong.”
“Actually, the police were right. It was a heart attack. Or at least the equivalent. The right dose of potassium chloride will do that. And incidentally, not much pain, if you’re wondering.” He kept coming, his leather-soled shoes like wood striking the metal steps. “Although,” he said, “that tumble she took…she might have felt that, before she lost consciousness.”
“She remembered, didn’t she? She remembered she’d helped you research poisons before your wife died. Was it cyanide you used that time? Like at Jonestown?”
“Actually, I looked at lots of things. But cyanide raises questions that—” Halfway down he caught his heel and almost fell, but held himself up with the railing. He looked very pale, and she realized he was as afraid as she was. He was trying to keep her mind occupied with talk. “The poor thing took so many medications.” He started down again. “I used to set them out for her and…well…she was very trusting.”
By the time he reached the bottom and stepped onto the concrete floor, Julia’s back was up against the workbench. To her right was the kid’s bicycle, upright and leaning on its kickstand now, with both wheels on. “And your latest research? What were you going to use for my moth—”
He started toward her. “Your mother loves me, you know? And love really is—”
“JJ!” she yelled, looking upstairs as though he were there. “Thank God!”
Believing her or not, William just had to turn and look…and that’s when she reached behind her and pulled the light switch string.
It was suddenly dark. Very dark.
“Help! Help! Help!” Screaming that one word, over and over, she grabbed the small bicycle by its seat and handlebars, holding it out in front of her, horizontal to the floor…and ran it straight at William.
She slammed the bike into him and he howled in pain, and maybe he fell backwards. But she couldn’t see, and she didn’t try to find out. She backed up toward the workbench.
She’d have run for the stairs, but she’d have to get past William. Plus she’d have trouble finding them in the dark. And if she did, he’d hear her on the metal steps. He’d grab her and drag her down. By his cursing and yelling she knew he was hurt…but she hadn’t stopped him.
She felt the bench behind her and hitched herself up so she was sitting on it, then slipped off her shoes and quietly stood up on the bench. She threw both shoes in William’s direction, over his head. One of them hit the metal steps, and whether that confused him or not she couldn’t tell. By then she was feeling around among the tools hanging on the wall above the bench.
What she wanted was a big, heavy pipe wrench, but what she found in the brief seconds before she heard William moving again was the large wooden mallet. So be it. She waited, mallet held high. It was heavier than she’d imagined…like a five-pound bag of sugar.
“Julia?” His tone was conciliatory. He was coming closer. She couldn’t see him, and knew he couldn’t see her. “Julia, listen to me.”
Standing on the top of the workbench, mallet in hand, she didn’t move and didn’t answer. She tried not to breathe.
“Do you really think I would hurt you?” he asked, as though the idea were ludicrous.
She raised the mallet higher. His voice put him closer, but still beyond her reach.
“We can work this out,” he said.
Just a step closer, damn you. She bent at the waist, holding the mallet high, like someone waiting for a mouse to come out of a hole in the woodwork.
He seemed to have stopped moving, and was perfectly silent, obviously trying to hear where she was.
Bending even lower, her face as close to her knees as she could get it, she said, “Work what out?”
She straightened up and his fist, probably aimed for her head, struck her shin. At the same time she swung the mallet down, hard. The first blow was a glancing one, but must have dazed him, because he kept grabbing for her feet, as though trying to keep his balance.
The second blow was more from side-to-side, and struck home. She heard bones crack, probably in his cheek or the side of his head, and heard the breath rush out of his mouth. Then the thud of his body hitting the floor.
She turned on the light.
William Bryant lay face down on the concrete floor, not moving. She dropped the mallet and lowered herself to a sitting position, then eased herself off the bench until she was standing on the floor, staring down at him. She could tell now that he was still alive, but unconscious, his breathing barely visible.
She stumbled across the room to the steps, hardly able to stand upright, her own breath coming in great heaving gasps. She’d hit William as hard as she could, and now she was afraid he’d die before she could get help. JJ’s not being around meant he hadn’t heard them, which meant the sound system wasn’t working and the things William said weren’t recorded. Would people believe her when she told why she’d hit him…twice?
She reached the foot of the stairs and grabbed onto the railing to steady herself. If she didn’t get going, up these stairs, she was going to collapse. She started up…and that’s when William grabbed her wrist from behind and spun her around.
He shoved her down against the metal steps, then let go of her wrist and switched something from his left hand to his right. “I wouldn’t have chosen this again,” he said, “but it will have to do.” It was a syringe, a hypodermic needle.
His lips flared, baring his teeth, and his eyes were wild. The madness buried deep inside him all these years had fought its way to the surface…to be seen by anyone.
But there was no one but her.
Lying back against the stairs, she brought her two knees to her chest and then straightened them as he leaned toward her, kicking out with all her might, hitting him in the chest with the bottoms of her stocking feet. Again she heard the crack of a bone breaking, and he stumbled backwards, fighting to keep his balance. She turned and scrambled up the steps, using the railing to pull herself up.
She was halfway up when he grabbed her again. Her left ankle this time, pulling her back down the steps. She held on to the step above her head with both hands and kicked at him with her right foot. Her heel hit his nose and she felt something warm soaking through her sock. She kicked again, and he lost his grip on her ankle.
She clawed her way to the top and looked down. His mouth and chin were running with blood, but he was crawling up after her. She went out the door and closed it behind her. But she had no key and she knew William would—
“Ms. Fairbanks? Are you okay?”
She couldn’t place the voice, but turned and recognized the man hurrying down the hall toward her…and she collapsed against the wall.
“He’s a monster and he’s coming,” she said. “Be careful.”
But the door didn’t open. Detective Nystrand opened it. He stepped inside onto the steel platform, and when he didn’t say anything, Julia moved up beside him and looked down. William was lying on his back on the concrete at the bottom of the stairs. There was blood everywhere, and he was moaning softly.
She heard sirens then, and wondered how the paramedics were going to get the monster up those steps.

* * *

Julia was resting her head on Barbara Adams’s desk, waiting for the police to come in. She’d already given a brief statement, but she was exhausted. She hoped they’d wait till morning to interview her again.
The door opened. She raised her head. It was JJ. He set a gym bag on an empty chair. “I’m really sorry, Ms. Fairbanks,” he said. “Things just happened too fast. The damn P.A. system—”
“It’s okay, JJ. Really. It can wait.”
JJ, though, couldn’t wait. “The P.A. system was working fine, but for some reason I couldn’t get it to record, so I overrode the lock on one of the exits and ran out to my car. It took a while to find what I was looking for in my trunk, and then when I was coming back I seen a cop car.”
“Can we talk about this tomor—”
“I had this sorta bad feeling, so I waved the cop down and got him to come in with me. When we got inside, we could hear you and Mr. Bryant talking over the P.A. system, you know? But it took awhile to figure out where you were. ’Cause you were in the basement. The cop called it in, and—”
“I got it. Please.”
“Oh,” he said. “Sorry.” He stared down at his feet.
She’d hurt his feelings. She took a deep breath and let it out in a sigh. “I guess
there is one thing, though.”
“Uh-huh?” He perked up. “What’s that?”
“Did you and that police officer hear everything Mr. Bryant said down there in the boiler room?”
“We sure did.”
“Do you think you’re both going to be able to remember it? I mean…
accurately?”
“Well, we talked about it, and we only disagree on a few things.”
Her heart sank. She’d been in court when the attorney she’d worked for had
cross-examined witnesses. “A good defense attorney will tear you two apart.”
“Maybe.” JJ reached into the gym bag he’d brought in. “But what I went
out to my car for? It was this.” He held up an old portable cassette recorder. “It’s got a built-in mike. I turned it on soon as me and the cop got inside, and it picked up everything that came over the P.A. The cops have the tape already. Not good quality, but the words are clear. Nobody’s gonna tear that tape apart.” He grinned. “I made a copy, too. You wanna listen?”
“All I want to do is go home.”
“Okay. But…well…if you talk to any reporters tomorrow? Tell ’em my name’s JJ, okay? And—”
I know,” she said. “And they should leave out the periods.”


THE END



STORIES FROM
THE CHICAGO BLUES ANTHOLOGY


In 2007, Libby had the privilege of editing an anthology of short stories, all loosely based on Chicago and the “Blues,” however the authors defined them. The result was 21 stories, some about the music, some about cops who wear the “blue,” some about depression, a Code Blue at the hospital, even the Blue Line El. The anthology was published by Bleak House books. Both Libby and David’s stories follow. We hope you enjoy them. For the complete anthology, go to Amazon or Barnes & Noble and look for Chicago Blues Anthology.
“This classy anthology of mostly original short stories from 21 renowned Windy City authors blends the blues, crime and Chicago, quite surpassing Akashic’s recent Chicago Noir... This impressive volume has soul, grit and plenty of high notes.”
—Publishers Weekly

“Twenty-one excellent reasons stay out of the Windy City...”
—Kirkus Reviews

“An impressive group of stories... an amazing group of authors...”
—Crimespree Magazine

“Chicago—its neighborhoods, its history and atmosphere, are all wonderfully captured… terrific... a gem-filled anthology.”
—Oline Cogdill, Mystery Scene



YOUR SWEET MAN


“Who’s Gonna Be Your Sweet Man When I’m gone?
Who you gonna have to love you?”
—Muddy Waters
1982: Chicago


Calvin waited for the man who’d been convicted of killing his mother. Outside Joliet prison the July heat seared his spirit, leaving it as bare and desiccated as a sun-bleached bone. Sweat ringed his armpits, grit coated the back of his neck. Almost noon, and no shadows on anything.
He extracted a Lucky from the crumpled pack on the dash and leaned forward to light it. The ‘74 Chevy Caprice never failed to start up. As long as he kept enough fluid in the radiator, the engine ate up the highway without complaint. Even the lighter worked.
He took a nervous drag. He hadn’t seen his father in fifteen years. His granny had made him come when he graduated high school to show him that Calvin had amounted to something, after all. Calvin remembered clutching his diploma in the visitors’ room, sliding it out of the manila envelope, edging nervously up to the glass window that separated them. He held it up against the glass, hating the sour smell of the place, the chipped paint on the walls, the fact that he had to be there at all. He remembered how his father nodded. No smile. No “atta boy—you done good.” Just a lukewarm nod. Calvin imagined a yawning hole opening up on the floor, right then and there; a hole he could sink into and disappear.
Now, the black metal gates swung open, and a withered man emerged. Calvin was still wiping sweat off his face, but his father was wearing a long sleeved shirt and beige canvas pants. Even from a distance, his father looked smaller than he remembered. Frailer. The cancer that was consuming him, that had triggered his early release, was working its way through his body. He walked slowly, stooped over. His skin, a few shades lighter than the rich chocolate it once was, looked paper-thin, and he blinked like he hadn’t seen sunlight in years. Maybe he hadn’t. His father looked around, spotted Calvin in the Caprice. He nodded, took his time coming over.
Calvin slid out of the car, tossed his cigarette on the dirt, ground it out with his foot.
“Hello, Calvin...”
Calvin returned his greeting with a nod of his own. Cautious. Polite.
“Appreciate you coming to get me, son.”
A muscle in Calvin’s gut twitched. He couldn’t remember the last time someone had called him “son.” “Son” was a word that belonged in the movies or TV, not in real life. Calvin gestured to the gym bag his father was carrying. “Let me take that.”
His father held it out. Calvin threw it in the back seat. His father stood at the passenger door but made no effort to open it. Calvin frowned, then realized his father was waiting for permission. Twenty-five years in prison did that to a man. “Just open the door and get in.”
His father shot him a look, half-embarrassed, half-grateful, and slid into the car. Calvin waited until his father was settled, then started the engine. As they pulled away from Joliet, he said, “Thought we’d go back to my place.”
“You still in Englewood?”
“Hyde Park now. Got ourselves a house near 47th and Cottage Grove.”
His father’s eyebrows arched. “Well, that’s mighty fine.”
“Jeanine fixed it up nice. Even got a little garden out back. She’s a good girl.”
His father didn’t seem to notice. He should have. It was Jeanine who shamed Calvin into coming in the first place.
“He’s dying, Calvin” she’d said. “And he’s paid his dues. Twenty-five years of ‘em.”
Now his father turned to him. “How’s that job coming?”
“What job?” Calvin made his way back to the highway.
“The one you was talking about when you come to see me. Janitorial supplies.”
“I opened my own company six years ago. I got five people working for me now.”
“Well that’s mighty fine, son. Mighty fine.”
But it didn’t feel fine. It felt false. Calvin imagined that black hole opening up even wider. That was why he never wrote or visited his father, except for the Christmas card Jeanine made him sign every year. Any time he thought about him, even a stray fragment, the night his mother was murdered flooded back into his mind. He couldn’t help it. Better not to think about it at all, his granny would say. “Just go on and live your own life.”
But Granny was dead, and the people at Joliet called him when they found the cancer. Calvin stole a glance at his father. He was quiet. Just staring out at the road, a dreamy look on his face. Calvin remembered that look. His father’s body might be in the front seat, but his mind was miles away. Calvin knew he was thinking about his mother.
He tightened his grip on the wheel. How dare he? “So... You feelin’ okay?”
His father pulled his gaze in and looked at Calvin. “For the days I got left, I’m doing jes’ fine.”
Calvin turned onto the interstate. “You sure? Jeanine talked to our doctor. He can see you tomorrow if you want.”
His father gave him a sad little smile. “Appreciate it son, but don’t go to no trouble.” His father went back to looking out the window. Calvin turned on the radio. The all news station was blaring out something about Israeli troops in Lebanon. His father didn’t react, just kept gazing out. He seemed somehow smaller, less distinct than he’d been just ten minutes ago. Like his shadow was slowly fading from black to gray. At this rate he might disappear altogether.
Calvin snapped off the radio. For a while the whine of the air conditioning was the only sound in the car. Lulled by the air blowing through the vents and the rhythm of his wheels on the highway, Calvin was startled by the abruptness of his father’s voice.
“You start making the arrangements?”
Calvin cleared his throat just loud enough. “Not yet.” He wasn’t sure what to expect. Would his father lay into him? Cuss him out?
But all his father did was to wave a weak hand. “I guess I got to do it myself.”
“Why don’t we talk about it later?”
His father’s shoulders sagged and he closed his eyes. “I ain’t got many laters, son.”

***

1950’s: Chicago

The hot breath of the blues kissed Jimmy Jay Rollins when he was little, leaving him hungering for more. His mama—he never knew his daddy—took him to church in the morning and the blues joints at night. By the time he was seven, he was playing guitar licks with whoever his “uncle” of the moment happened to be, and by the time he left school at 16, he knew he wanted to play bass guitar.
The bass wasn’t as flashy as the electric slide guitar of Little Ed or Muddy Waters, but it was the glue that held everything together. No one could play a 12-bar chorus without him; no one could start a lick or riff. The bass was there through every number, from beginning to end, setting the pace. Steady. Unrelenting. The lead guitar, saxophone, even the drummer could take a break; not so the bass. Willie Dixon became Jimmy Jay’s personal hero.
By day, Jimmy Jay worked in a steel factory near Lake Calumet, but at night, he bounced around playing gigs on the South side. You could smell stale cigarette smoke and yesterday’s beer in the air, spot a few guns and knives if you looked real close. But none of that mattered when the music started. The Blues flowed through his veins, transporting him to a place where he could let go, soar above the world, tethered only by an electric guitar, wailing horn, or harmonica riff.
He was jamming at the open mike set in the Macomba Lounge one hot summer night, a thick cloud of smoke, perfume, and sweat choking the air, when a wisp of a girl—she couldn’t have been more than 18—came up to the stage. She was wearing a red dress that skimmed her body just right. A curtain of black hair shimmered down to her waist, and her skin looked pale blue in the light. She tentatively took the mike and asked them to play in G, then launched into a bluesy version of “Mean to Me,” an old Billie Holiday song.
By the middle of the second verse, people set their glasses down, stubbed out their cigarettes, and a hush fell over the room. Her voice was raw and unpolished but full of surprises. At first a sultry alto, she could hit the high notes in a silver soprano, then dip two octaves down to belt out the Blues like a tenor. At first he thought it was a fluke—no one had that range and depth. He tested her, moving up the scale, changing the groove, even throwing her a sudden key change. She took it all with a serene smile, bobbing her head, eyes closed, adjusting perfectly. Her voice never wavered.
After a few numbers, the band took a break, and Jimmy Jay bought her a whiskey. As he passed her the drink, he noticed the contrast between her face, soft and round, and her eyes, dark and penetrating. Her name was Inez Youngblood, she said, and she’d just moved here from Tennessee. She was part Cherokee, once upon a time, but mostly mountain white.
“A hillbilly?” Jimmy Jay joked.
She threw him a dazzling smile that made his insides melt. “A hillbilly who sings the Blues.”
“Why Chicago?”
“I listen to the radio. Chicago Blues is happy Blues. You got Muddy Waters. Etta James. Chess Records. Everybody’s here. Sweeping you up with their music. There just ain’t no other place to sing.” Those dark eyes bored into him. “And I got to sing.”
By their third drink, he began to imagine the curves underneath that red dress, and what she looked like without it. She had to know what he was thinking, because she smiled and started to finger a gold cross around her neck. Still, she didn’t seem put off. More like she was teasing him.
Another set and half a reefer later, a fight broke out in the back of the bar. Inez, who was singing “Wang, Dang, Doodle” took it in stride, even when knives glinted and someone pulled out a piece. She just pointed to the fighters, asked the bartender to shine a spot in their direction, and leveled them with a hard look. The brawl moved into the alley. Jimmy Jay was impressed.
It was almost dawn when they quit playing. Someone bought a last round of drinks, and Jimmy Jay was just thinking about packing up when Inez came over.
“You’re pretty damn good, Jimmy Jay.”
He grinned. “Thanks, Hillbilly. You got a set of pipes yourself.”
She laughed. “We oughta do this again.”
Jimmy Jay suppressed his elation. “I could probably get us a couple of gigs.”
She nodded. “I’d like that.”
He nodded, just looking at her, not quite believing his good fortune.
She offered him a slow sensual smile. “Meanwhile, I got a favor to ask you, baby.”
Jimmy Jay cleared his throat. “Yeah?” His voice cracked anyway.
She turned around, and lifted her hair off the back of her neck. “Help me take off my cross.”
She ended up in his bed that night. And the next. And the night after that. She might only have been 18, but she was all heat and fire. All he had to do was touch her and she shivered with pleasure. When he ran his fingers slowly up her leg, starting at that perfectly shaped ankle, past her knee, stopping at the soft, pliant skin of her thigh, she would moan and grab him and pull him into her. Sliding underneath, rocking him hard, like she couldn’t get enough.
“You are my sweet man,” she would whisper when they stopped, exhausted and sweaty. “My sweet, sweet man.”

***

They were a team for almost ten years. Inez, the hillbilly, soaring like an angel in one number, moaning like a whore in another; and Jimmy Jay, steadfast and sturdy, setting the beat, making her look good. Inez drove herself hard, and her talent grew. Her timing was impeccable. She rolled with the band, but could carry the show. If someone missed a chord, she covered them, and if they messed up their solo, she’d make light of it by singing scat, humming a chorus, or talking to the crowd.
Before long they were headlining at places like the Macomba before it burned down, South Side Johnny’s, and Queenie’s. Their only disagreement was over Chess Records and the two white owners who wanted to sign them. Jimmy Jay was all for it—not only did his idol Willie Dixon work for Chess, but a record contract was something he’d dreamed of all his life. Inez kept saying they should hold out for a better deal. So far they had.
Even Calvin’s arrival didn’t slow them down. Calvin was a good baby who turned into a good boy. The same face and nappy hair as his Daddy; the high cheekbones and coffee-with-cream skin of his Mama. Inez seemed thrilled. She cooed and sang to him all day, but if Jimmy Jay figured she might retire, he figured wrong. Calvin came with them to the clubs on the South and west side, even to Peoria and East St. Louis. They’d bring blankets and put him to sleep in the back room on a ratty sofa, sometimes the floor. When he was older, Jimmy Jay or Inez would drop him off at school before they went to bed themselves. Jimmy Jay didn’t mind. His own mama had brought him to all the Blues joints.
Inez started calling them both her sweet men. Jimmy Jay would grin. They were happy. Real happy. Until the gig at Theresa’s.

***

It was late autumn, and a chilly rain had been falling for two days, flooding the viaducts and lots of basements. Jimmy Jay and Inez were headlining at Theresa’s Lounge on South Indiana. The place wasn’t as upscale or as large as Macomba’s, and the regulars, mostly people from the neighborhood, treated the place like home, dancing and talking with the players during the set. Tonight the smell of wet wool mixed with the smoke and booze and sweat.
A promoter from Capitol Records was in town and supposedly coming down that night. Inez was excited—Capitol was huge, much bigger than Chess. Jimmy Jay was glad he’d talked a new lead guitar into playing the gig with them. Buddy Guy had just come up from Baton Rouge, and everyone was saying he was gonna change the face of the Blues.
It was a knockout performance. No one missed a chord and the solos kicked. There were no amp or mike problems. Jimmy Jay and the drummer locked into a tight groove, and Buddy Guy’s guitar was by turns brash, angry, and soulful. Inez’s voice was as rich and mellow as thick honey. Even with the lousy weather, the place was packed, everyone swaying, dancing, bobbing their heads. It was like great sex, Jimmy Jay thought. Hot, sticky sex that trembled and throbbed and built, and ended in a long, fiery climax.
During the break, a white guy came up to the stage. He’d been at one of the back tables, smoking cigarettes. With his baby face and eager expression, he couldn’t have been much older than Jimmy Jay. But his tailored suit and hair, slicked back with Bryl Crème, said he was trying to look well-off. He bought the band a round of drinks and nodded to Jimmy Jay. Then he turned to Inez and started talking quietly but earnestly. She looked from him to Jimmy Jay, then back at him. When she nodded, he took her hand and covered it with thick fingers. She didn’t pull away. After the next set, Jimmy Jay caught them talking behind his back. By the last set, Inez was favoring him with the same smile she’d shot Jimmy Jay the first night at Macomba’s ten years ago.
By the time Inez left town with him a week later, the rain had changed to snow. Jimmy Jay went to fetch Calvin at school. When he got back, she was gone. At first he thought she was at the store, picking up something for dinner, but when she didn’t come home by six, an uneasy feeling swept over him. He checked the closet and drawers. Most of her things were gone. Except her gold cross.
Word got around that she’d run away with Billy Sykes. He hadn’t worked for Capitol, it turned out. He did work in the record business, but dropped out of sight after he shorted some men who’d been financing a label with mob money. He reappeared a year later as a promoter. No one could say who his clients were.
That winter Jimmy Jay sat for hours on the bed, running Inez’s gold cross and chain through his fingers. His mother moved in to look after Calvin who, at nine, was just old enough to realize his world had shattered. Word filtered back—someone had seen her in Peoria, someone else heard she was in Iowa. Jimmy Jay tried to play, but he sounded tired and flat. Inez was inextricably bound up in his music and his life; with her gone, it felt like part of his body—worse, his soul—had shriveled up and fallen off.
One day Calvin came in and saw him on the bed, fingering the cross with tears in his eyes.
“Don’t be sad, Daddy.” He came over and gave Jimmy Jay a hug. “I know what to do.”
Jimmy Jay gazed at his son.
“Mama just got lost. She don’t know how to get home. All we got to do is find her.”
Jimmy Jay smiled sadly. “I don’t think she wants to come home, boy.”
“Granny says every mama wants to come home. All we needs do is find her. Once she sees us, it’ll be just fine. I know it. “
Jimmy Jay tried to discourage him, but Calvin clung to his idea like a leach to a man’s skin. He talked so much about finding his lost mama that after a while, his intensity infected Jimmy Jay. Could it really be that simple? Maybe Calvin was right. Sure Inez wanted to be a star, but she had a family. If they went after her, maybe she would realize what she’d given up and come home.
The following spring Billy Sykes brought Inez back to Chicago for a show on the West side—no one on the South side would book her. She was singing with some musicians from St. Louis, Jimmy Jay learned. They were staying at the Lincoln hotel, a small shabby place near the club.
Jimmy Jay waited until Calvin was home from school and had his supper. Then they both dressed in their Sunday best and took the bus to the hotel. Jimmy Jay slipped an old man at the desk a fiver and asked which room Inez Rollins was in. The man pointed up the steps. Jimmy Jay and Calvin climbed to the third floor and knocked on #315.
A tired female voice replied, “Yes?”
“It’s me, Inez. And Calvin.”
The door opened and suddenly Inez was there, her body framed in the light.
“Mama!” Calvin ran into her arms.
Her face lit, and she clasped Calvin so tight the boy could hardly suck in a breath. When she finally released him, she turned to Jimmy Jay.
“Hello, Jimmy Jay.”
She looked washed-out, Jimmy Jay thought, although it gave him no pleasure to see it. Gaunt and nervous, too. Her eyes were rimmed in red, and her black mane of hair wasn’t glossy. He thought he saw a bruise on her cheek, but she kept finger-combing her hair over the spot.
“Hello, Inez.” He looked around. “Where’s Sykes?”
“He’s at the club. Getting ready for tonight.”
Jimmy Jay nodded. He got right to the point. “We want you to come home. We are a family. Calvin needs you. So do I.”
At least she had the decency to look ashamed. Her eyes filled. She gazed at Jimmy Jay, then Calvin. Then she shook her head.
“Why not?”
“Remember what I told you the first time we met?”
“You told me a lot of things.”
“I need to sing, Jimmy Jay. And Billy’s gonna make me a star.”
Jimmy Jay saw the determination on her face, as raw as the first time he’d met her. His heart cracked, but he struggled to conceal his grief. He might have lost her, but Calvin didn’t have to. “Take the boy. He needs his mama. I’ll—I’ll pay you for him, ‘ifin you want.”
“I’ll think about it.” Inez looked down at Calvin, trailed her fingers through his hair, and smiled. Calvin snuggled closer. “I’ll talk to Billy when he gets back.”
Jimmy Jay nodded. “I’ll leave the boy with you. I’ll pick him up at the club when you start your gig. We can talk more.”
Inez looked sad but grateful. Calvin looked thrilled.

***

Two hours later, the band had finished setting up but there was no sign of Inez. Or Billy Sykes. Or Calvin. Jimmy Jay saw the uneasiness on the musicians’ faces, heard one of them say, “Where are those damn fools?”
He retraced his steps to the Lincoln Hotel.
No one was behind the desk when Jimmy Jay got there. He went up the stairs and down the hall. Music blared out from Inez’s room. The radio. Benny Goodman’s orchestra, he thought. He was about to knock on the door when he saw something move at the other end of the hall. Something small. He wheeled around and squinted.
“Calvin? Is that you?”
The figure trotted toward him. Calvin, looking small and lonely.
“What you doin’ out here, son? Where’s your mama?”
Calvin didn’t say anything, just shrugged.
“Is she inside?” Jimmy Jay pointed to the door.
Calvin nodded.
“Is Sykes back?”
Calvin nodded again.
Jimmy Jay turned back to the door, leaned his ear against it. The music was loud. He knocked. No one answered. Probably couldn’t hear him above the music. He knocked again, and when no one responded, started to push against the door.
“Inez, Sykes.... Open up!”
Nothing. Except the music.
Jimmy Jay looked both ways down the hall, then threw his weight against the door. It almost gave. He backed up, turned sideways, and rammed himself against it again. This time the door gave, and Jimmy Jay burst into the room.

***

He was still holding the gun when the police arrived. Inez’s body was at the foot of the bed, but Sykes’ was half way to the door. A pool of blood was congealing under each of them.

1982: Chicago

Three weeks later, Jimmy Jay no longer had the strength to get out of bed. Calvin was putting in twelve-hour days. He knew it was an excuse for not dealing with his father, but he couldn’t bear to come home to a place where death hovered in the air.
One night, though, was different. As he trudged inside, Calvin heard music from upstairs. And laughter. When he climbed the steps, he saw that Jeanine had moved their stereo into Jimmy Jay’s room. An old album revolved on the turntable. His father was in bed, eyes closed, snapping his fingers. Jeanine was sitting in the chair smiling too, her head bobbing to the music. Calvin peered at the album cover. Chess Records. Muddy Waters.
His father opened his eyes. “Hey, Calvin.” His face was wreathed in smiles. “There ain’t nothing like Muddy for an old soul. With Willie Dixon and Howlin’ Wolf on back up. Lord, it makes me see the gates of heaven.”
“Don’t talk that way, Dad.”
Jimmy Jay dismissed him with a wave of his hand. When the song came to an end, Calvin lifted the needle and turned off the stereo. Jeanine went downstairs, claiming dishes that needed to be washed.
“Calvin,” his father said, “We can’t put it off no more. It’s time to talk about the arrangements.”
Calvin stiffened. He dug in his pocket for his Luckys, pulled one out and lit it. He sat in the chair. “I don’t know why you want to be buried there.”
His father eyed him. “She was my wife, Calvin. And your mama.”
“She was white trash!” Calvin exhaled a cloud of white smoke. “White trailer trash.”
“Don’t you ever talk that way ‘bout your mama!” His father’s voice was unexpectedly strong. “And she was from the mountains of Tennessee, boy,” his father added. “The Smoky Mountains.”
But Calvin wasn’t mollified. “She ran out on us. You and me. She left us. And for what?”
His father just looked at him. Then he turned his head toward the window. “She was my woman,” he said quietly, his burst of energy now dissipated. “And I was her sweet man.”
Calvin felt his stomach pitch. The black hole was opening up again, and all he wanted to do was jump in and let it consume him. He stubbed out his cigarette, letting the window fan clear the smoke. Jeanine ran it all the time, even though it didn’t do much cooling. Beads of sweat popped out on his forehead.
“I still miss her, son.”
Calvin swallowed. “Pop, don’t.”
“I ain’t got no regrets.” His father said. “At now, in a little while, if the good Lord is willin’, I’ll see her again.”
Calvin’s throat got hot. He felt tears gather at the back of his eyes. He tried to blink them away hoping his father wouldn’t notice. But he did.
“Why you crying, Calvin? You’re a good son. And Jeanine is a good woman. She been taking good care of me.”
“It’s not that.” The words spilled out.
His father cocked his head. The slight movement seemed to require more energy than he could muster.
“I—I got to tell you something.”
His father’s body might be wasted, but his soul seemed to expand. His eyes grew huge, taking over his entire face. “What’s that, son?”
The black hole widened. Calvin had to take the plunge. “That—that night...” Calvin’s words were heavy and sluggish, as if the hole was already sucking him down. “The night mama died....” Calvin whispered. “It was my fault. I killed Mama.”
An odd look registered on Jimmy Jay’s face.
“After you left...” Calvin’s voice was flat and hard.”... Mama sang to me. And hugged me. It felt—so good... So right.”
“Your mama had the voice of an angel.”
Calvin held his hand up to stop him. “Then Billy Sykes come back. He was pissed when he saw me. ‘What’s that kid doing here?’ He yelled. He and Mama—well, she told him she wanted to take me with them. Sykes wouldn’t have none of it. ‘Are you crazy?” He said. ‘It’s bad enough that you’re a hillbilly. And part Injun. I ain’t taking your nigger kid, too. Get rid of him.’
“Mama begged him. ‘He won’t be no trouble,’ she kept saying and looked at me. “Will you, sweet man?”
“But Sykes kept saying no. ‘I put too much of my money in you to throw it away. What are people gonna think when they see you with a nigger kid?’
“Mama and me were on the bed. She was hugging me real tight. ‘I want my son,’ she said.
“‘He’ll be in the way,’ Sykes said. “You want to be a star? You got to make a choice. Me or the kid.’”
Jimmy Jay didn’t say anything.
Calvin shuddered. “Mama said, ‘Don’t make me do that. I’m his Mama!’”
“‘Then I’ll make the choice for you.’ Sykes says. And he pulls out a gun and aims it at my head.’” Calvin looked at the floor.
“What happened then, son?” Jimmy Jay asked, his voice almost as flat as Calvin’s.
Calvin covered his eyes with his hand. “Mama got up from the bed. She looked scared. ‘All right. All right. Put that gun away, Billy. I’ll send Calvin back to his Daddy. Just put the gun away. Before someone gets hurt.’ Then she looked from me to Sykes. She didn’t say nothing more.”
Calvin pressed his lips together. He couldn’t look at his father, but he knew his father was staring at him.
“Sykes started to put the gun away, but then—I don’t know, Pop—something came over me. I jumped up and tackled Sykes. Right there in the room.” He hesitated. “The gun went off. And Mama dropped off the end of the bed. Just dropped dead right in front of me.”
His father whispered. “And then?”
“Sykes was like a crazy man. It was like he couldn’t believe what happened. He started screaming, first at mama. Kept telling her to get up and stop foolin’ around. But she didn’t, Pop. She never got up.” Calvin’s voice cracked. “Then he dropped the gun and started for the door. He was gonna take off! Just leave her there.” Calvin paused again. “I just couldn’t let that happen. I couldn’t. When he was half way to the door, I picked up the gun and shot him in the back.”
Calvin felt tears streaming down his face.
Jimmy Jay, his eyes veiled, let out a quiet breath. Calvin heard the hum of traffic through the window above the fan.
After a long time, Calvin said haltingly, “I guess it’s time to go to the police.”
“You won’t do nothing of the kind, son.” His father raised himself on one elbow. “I already done the time. For both of us. And...” His features softened. “... I figured out what happened a long time ago.”
“You knew?” Calvin’s stomach turned over. “How?”
“There was no way your mama could do anything to hurt you. Or you her. I knew it had to be an accident. At least with her. And Sykes... well...” Jimmy Jay shrugged as if it didn’t matter.
“You knew? All these years?” Calvin felt his features contort with anguish. “I killed them, and you took the rap for me?”
Jimmy Jay nodded. “And I’d do it all over again.”
Calvin searched his father’s face for an explanation. The silence pressed in.
“You were just a boy,” Jimmy Jay finally said, gazing at him with an expression of infinite sadness, compassion, and love. “I done the time for you both... so you would grow up and turn into her sweet man. Now...” He paused. “We got to get back to that plannin.’ The Lord ‘ll be givin’ Inez back her other sweet man, and I needs to be ready. We still got a lot of music to make together.”


THE END



A WEEKEND IN THE COUNTRY


Patrick Mulhane was working the desk, third watch, at the Twenty-fourth District. At 2200 hours exactly, he turned to Sanchez. “Gotta run,” he said. “The old lady’s sick. Nothing’s going on here, anyway.”
Sanchez, who was on the phone trying to talk his brother-in-law out of tickets to Sunday’s Bears game, covered the mouthpiece and nodded. “Yeah, fine,” he said. “Take it easy, Mull.”
Three minutes later Mull—he didn’t much like it, but that’s what everyone called him—was out the station door and limping through the parking lot. It was October, and the night was cold, and a constant slow rain had been hanging around all day. Most of the beat cops weren’t even back to the station yet, but Mull was meeting Jake Patterson and Karl Krachek—two robbery dicks working Area Three—and he wanted to be sure to get a booth at Malarky’s. When he reached his Tahoe he hoisted himself in and fired it up and turned on the heater. The damp cold had his leg stiffened up, and it ached like hell. He sat for a minute to let the throbbing pain ease and catch his breath, then pulled out of the lot.
Mull hadn’t worked in uniform in years and he’d had to dig out an old one for the desk job, but what with the leg and his increasing shortness of breath, he’d put in for the assignment temporarily, greasing his request with the right promise to the right guy. After the accident and the compound fracture that never really healed right, he probably could have gotten disability status, but he hadn’t put in for it. The fact was he had nearly enough years in to take full retirement, but he wasn’t ready for that either. He told everyone that if he spent his time moping around with the old lady all day they’d be divorced in no time and he couldn’t afford that. The truth, though, had more to do with something else. Gambling. Poker mostly. With people you didn’t want to owe money to.
He knew better, but he kept falling into debt and having to crawl out again, which was why it was the job, not the old lady, that he couldn’t afford to be divorced from. The job, and the access it gave to the unreported cash he’d come to depend on. Plus he was developing what he called his “catering” business, and cops—at least the ones that still had the balls to take advantage of a good time—were the biggest part of his customer base. In the old days there were “watch parties” where guys used to let off steam, but with the new watch system there weren’t the same opportunities. So Mull offered something else, a little like an old-fashioned watch party—but with the excitement level kicked up a notch or two.

“I don’t know,” Jake Patterson said, and downed his second shot of Stoli. Jake was way overweight and had the droopy eyes and sagging face of a Basset Hound, and whenever he shook his head from side to side—like he did now—his jowls lagged behind and then, trying to catch up, got caught in a whiplash. “I don’t know,” he repeated, and poured a third shot. “I don’t think you’re gonna get enough guys to go way the hell up there.”
“Jesus,” Mull said, “it’s not that far. You shoot up I-94, hop off just short of the Wisconsin line, go west ten minutes to Angle Lake and—”
“Forget the sales pitch,” Karl Krachek interrupted. Krachek had a perpetual sour look on his face and everything he said came out like he meant stop wasting his fucking time. He must have weighed as much as Patterson, but was six-four, and not a gram of fat on him. “Jake’s in,” he said. “He’s just gotta put in his usual depressing two cents is all. Right, Jake?”
“Yeah, yeah, yeah. I’m in.” Patterson struggled to heft his bulk up and out of the booth. “Gotta hit the pisser,” he said, and waddled away.
Malarky’s was full of cops and it was noisy enough to make a conversation in a booth private, and when Patterson got back Mull filled him and Krachek in on the deal. He’d been up to see the place, he explained, and rented it right away. Cheap, because it was out of season. The once elegant two-story summer home was pretty bare bones, and not very well insulated. But it had a wrap-around porch, a partial basement, a big kitchen, a huge living-dining area, two toilets, and six tiny bedrooms—four up, two down. It was remote and private, on wooded lakefront property, well in from the road and with a mowed field around it for plenty of parking—although the ground sloped downward and was pretty uneven and rough. There was a cable hook-up, but no TV, so Mull would bring one from home. He’d booked the place from Thursday morning till midnight Sunday, for a “fishing weekend.” In fact, there were two rowboats available, and if it was warm enough a few of the guys might even try their luck on the tiny lake.
It was Mull’s operation, and nothing illegal, except for the prostitutes and some private gambling, and even if these did cross the line a little they were offenses commonly overlooked, except by wives. This was the most elaborate event he’d organized so far, and he’d cut Patterson and Krachek in because he trusted them and he needed help fronting expenses and hauling up supplies—booze and food, the TV and some space heaters, plus the hookers. These last weren’t total bottom sludge, and were guaranteed clean; but they weren’t exactly Gold Coast, either, and couldn’t be trusted to get to the cottage from Chicago on their own. To them, anything north of Howard Street might as well be the goddamn Yukon. Mull was getting them in a package deal from a pimp who was in no position to charge him market rates.
“I saw ’em in person,” he said, “and picked five. The two youngest are fresh from Lithuania and speak about three or four words of English, enough to know what the customer wants. There’s an Asian—Thai, I think—who’s a little over-the-hill, but still has some good miles left on her. The last two are two jungle bunnies from the West Side. Only way to tell ’em apart is one’s got her hair dyed blonde and the other one red. Oh, and if guys wanna ante up an extra fifty bucks per girl, those two’ll stage a cat fight with each night.”
“How about they go at it with knives?” Patterson asked. “My precinct captain threw a party after the election last year, and had these two banshees who—”
“Yeah…well…maybe for a little extra cash.” Mull drained his third Heineken’s. “We charge five hundred a day, based on noon to noon, or twelve-fifty for the whole three days if you pay in advance. Everything’s included: hookers, booze, food. By noon Sunday it’s all over but the cleaning up. “
“No broads but the hookers, right? So who’s gonna cook?” It was Patterson again. “You?”
“No way. Everyone’s on their own in that department. We provide lots of steaks and A-1 Sauce…potatoes…bacon and eggs…I don’t know. I’ll figure that out. Half those guys’ll be too drunk to eat, anyway.”
“Forget cooking,” Krachek said. “The problem’s getting enough people. We all gotta recruit paying customers.”
“Right,” Mull said. “It’s invitation only. Ask anyone you want, but for chrissake tell ’em no drugs and no cameras or picture phones. Stick to people you can trust to keep their mouth shut. If you’re not sure, don’t ask. I can get ten or fifteen easy—most of ’em coppers. But even if we only get twenty at the minimum five hundred, that’s ten grand. Expenses’ll be less than half that, and we split the rest…with a great weekend for ourselves tossed in. And we’ll get more than twenty. Believe me.”

The “fishing weekend” took place two weeks later, and Mull was right about getting more than twenty guys. It helped that great weather was forecast all week, and that the forecast came true: sunny and in the sixties daytime, fifties night. By Saturday evening they’d collected forty-one guests. Guys showed up and left whenever they wanted, with usually no more than about ten at any one time, not counting a couple of three-dayers who actually came for the fishing as well as the drinking and whoring, and who were given the room in the basement to sleep in. Things went well, as loud and nasty and disgusting as anyone could hope for.
One of Mull’s predictions, though, the one about the “great weekend for ourselves tossed in,” turned out to be very wrong. The three hosts were on their feet almost non-stop. No booze for them, and very little sleep, with people arriving and leaving at all hours of the day and night.
It was tough keeping track of who was there and whether they’d paid yet; and some people showed up who weren’t on the invited list, so they had to make several trips into town for more supplies: booze and food, mostly; and new sheets, too—he’d never thought about that; plus the whores used up rubbers faster than anyone thought they would. Patterson made the supply runs and Krachek handled the money-collecting. His prodigious bulk and forever-pissed-off attitude commanded respect. Meanwhile, Mull played host and tried to keep everyone happy and the place halfway clean, gathering dirty dishes and picking up the garbage that got tossed everywhere and—eleven times in two-and-a-half days by his count—cleaning up vomit.

One weird thing happened late Saturday afternoon. Mull had gone to the basement to get sheets and towels out of the dryer—lucky there was a washer and dryer down there—and when he came back up to the kitchen he heard Krachek explaining the price to a couple of guys who obviously weren’t on the list. Krachek let them in, so Mull knew they must be coppers. One of them, a guy in a shiny black leather jacket, came into the kitchen. He said he and his partner worked Bomb and Arson, and had heard there was a party going on. They rode up on motorcycles. “We both got new BMW’s…mine’s a new one…and this may be the last good day of the year for riding,” he said. The guy seemed nervous, running on about what kind of bikes they had and all. “My partner’s in the bathroom,” he added, “but we both wanna know where the broads are.”
Mull was explaining things when the guy’s partner, carrying a similar jacket over his shoulder, stepped into the kitchen. And that was the weird part. The partner was Mull’s own son, Johnny, who’d been a tac officer in the Fifth District the last Mull heard.
Father and son stared at each other. Mull couldn’t tell who was more surprised. Then Johnny and the other guy got a refund from Krachek and left. Mull and Johnny never exchanged a word the whole time, which wasn’t too strange since they hadn’t spoken in years, anyway. Johnny was a big, husky guy, taller than Mull. Sneaky and sullen…and mean. Always had been, even as a little boy. God knows Mull had tried to beat that damn mean streak out of him. Time and again. The way Mull’s old man had done with Mull. But even the strap didn’t work with Johnny, and Mull had to stop when the boy got big enough to hit back. The kid wasn’t one to let bygones be bygones.
Except for that little hitch, the weekend went smoothly. The hookers were pros and did their job. The Thai and the two Lithuanians never said a word that Mull heard, and did nothing but sit on their asses whenever they weren’t on their backs or their knees. On the other hand, everyone heard from the black chicks. They were loud and low-down and short-fused, but they were also the only ones who helped Mull keep the kitchen and bathrooms halfway clean. And best of all, their bare-foot, near-naked “cat fights” were a huge hit.
The fights weren’t as bloody as Jake Patterson was looking for, but both girls, besides being tall and strong, were well-endowed in the boobs and butt department. They had high enthusiasm, too, and there was plenty of screaming and cursing, slapping and grabbing, along with the obligatory dragging off of bikini tops and bottoms by the time they finished. It helped, Mull thought, that they were full of real aggression and anger, all of it so close to the surface that even their staged bouts had a reality that a WBC promoter could only dream of. The alcohol-stoked spectators loved every minute of it.
And they loved it even more when, near the end of the finale Saturday night, one of the whores, the redhead, lost it completely. She slipped in a puddle of spilled beer, which made her slow to duck, and she took a truly hard whack to the side of her head. That shook her and made her turn the wrong way just as the blonde’s other arm swept through the air. Long red fingernails raked across the redhead’s face, and left two bright, bleeding gashes on her cheek.
The blonde, clearly shocked at what she’d done, stopped short and stared at the damage. “Damn,” she said, and reached out as though to stroke the bloody cheek. “Girl, I didn’t mean no—”
The redhead howled with rage and grabbed the blonde’s outstretched hand and pulled her close…and kneed her in the crotch. The blonde groaned and doubled over and the redhead grabbed her by the hair with two hands and swung her around, lifting her momentarily off her feet and then throwing her to the floor. The blonde ended up on her back, eyes open but the pupils rolled up under the lids. The redhead straddled her and dropped down and half-knelt, half-sat on the blond’s belly. She took the dazed woman by the ears and gave the back of her head a whack against the floor before Krachek and Mull could get over and pull her off.
They dragged both women up onto their feet and Krachek put them in headlocks and muscled them outside onto the porch. The whole event took place amid raucous cheering and laughter and applause.

It was half an hour later, at about one a.m. Sunday, when more uninvited guests showed up. There were three of them and even the guys—the cops, anyway—who didn’t know them, knew them. The soft leather hip-length coats, the cashmere sweaters, the sharp-creased pants, the five hundred dollar shoes. They were young guys; the tallest one thirtyish and the other two maybe just early twenties. They all had razor-cut hair, manicured nails, and cocky, shit-eating grins.
They were already inside the door when Krachek stepped in front of them. “Sorry, fellas,” he said. “Private party.”
“We know,” the tall one said. “So how much?”
Krachek looked over at Mull and Mull nodded, and Krachek told them the price. The tall one said they’d pay half that, and then peeled off bills for all three, and they walked in. No way Mull could keep them out. The tall one, Chi-Chi DelVecchio, was the goon who collected when Mull got behind in his gambling debts.
The three got the lay of the land in a hurry. To the kitchen for booze first, then upstairs for a chat with the ladies. When they came down they joined in one of the poker games. Other than acting like they owned the place, which irritated the hell out of Mull, they made no trouble. Still, before very long most of the cops—all but Mull and his co-hosts, and a few guys too drunk to know better—had made their exits, demanding partial refunds from Mull. Time spent drinking and gambling and whoring was one thing, but time spent fraternizing with known mob guys—convicted felons or not—might earn you separation from the department.

By noon Sunday Mull and Patterson and Krachek had counted the money together and split it up—asking each other whether it was worth it for all the aggravation. Then Patterson, who by then was pretty drunk, but still able to drive his van, gathered up the whores to take them back to the city, while Mull and Krachek tried to put the house back together.
Mull was the only one who didn’t have to work that night, so Krachek didn’t stay long. Mull wasn’t left alone, though, because the three mob guys were still there, all snoring with their mouths hanging open like the mopes they were, in front of Mull’s T.V. He switched it off and they kept on sleeping. The TV wasn’t HD or flat screen, but was a big twenty-seven-incher that barely fit on the low, sturdy coffee table where he’d set it. DelVecchio wanted to stick around to watch the Bears game, which started at three, and Mull didn’t argue. He wanted to watch the game, too, and he wanted to keep DelVecchio happy. Besides, he wasn’t too worried about the “fraternization” problem. He didn’t expect anyone to snitch, because no one who’d been there had anything to brag about. If someone did talk, and if I.A.D. came after him, the worst that could happen is he’d have to retire. A cop couldn’t lose his pension unless he committed a felony on the job.
He knocked down a couple shots of Jack Daniels, and got out a mop and a pail. As he cleaned up he thought how strange it had been to see Johnny again. His son, the cop. Why would a kid follow in the footsteps of a father he hated? Christ, a question like that called for a little more JD.

By three o’clock he was half-drunk himself, and the place was in as good shape as it was going to get. He turned on the T.V., which finally woke up DelVecchio and his two mopes, and the four of them sat around getting totally wasted and watching the Bears slug it out with Detroit.
During a commercial break late in the fourth quarter, with the score tied at ten all, Mull got up and went through the kitchen and out the back door to take a leak off the porch. When he came back inside he thought he heard something…like knocking. But not very loud. And then not at all. Had it come from the other side of the door by the refrigerator? Not possible. Even drunk, he could remember that the door led nowhere but the basement stairs and that no one had been down there but the fishermen, who’d left after DelVecchio and company showed up. Mull had gone down and checked, and they’d left the area in decent shape. The door always hung open, though, so back when he was mopping up the floor, he’d turned the key on the kitchen side and locked it shut. He knew everyone was gone, and there was no outside entrance to the basement.
“Hey!” DelVecchio called, “bring some fucking brews back with you.”
Up yours, Mull said under his breath, but he went over to the refrigerator…and heard the knocking again. Louder now. The basement door for sure. He turned the key and yanked open the door—and the black whore with the blonde hair was standing there…or trying to. She must have gone down there and crashed, and that damn Patterson didn’t even notice he left with only four whores. She looked drunk, or stoned.
“Damn,” he said. “What the hell are you—”
“Hey! Hurry up with those goddamn brewskis!” It was DelVecchio again. Mull might be drunk, but that fucker was beyond drunk. “And hey!” the guy yelled again, “you’re missing the best part of the damn game.”
“Yeah, yeah, yeah. Gimme a minute,” he yelled back. He grabbed a chair from the kitchen table. “Siddown, dammit,” he told the whore.
“Head hurts,” she mumbled. “Wanna go home.”
“Right, I’ll take you,” he said. “Soon as the game’s over.” He pushed her down onto the chair, grabbed four MGD’s from the refrigerator, and went back to the living room. There was a Lexus commercial on the screen, with the sound off.
“Took you long enough,” DelVecchio said, grabbing one of the beers. “Would you believe it? Fucking Bears get to the Lions’ fifteen…and then hafta call their last time out. Jesus, can’t get the damn call straight.”
Mull distributed the other beers and plopped down into a sagging easy chair. “I believe it. That’s always the—”
“Hey you!” It was the whore, stumbling in from the kitchen.
“Shit,” DelVecchio said. “What’s she—”
“Said wanna go home.” She stumbled across the room toward Mull. “Head hurts.”
Mull stood up. “Look, after the game I’ll—”
“Shut that bitch up,” DelVecchio said. “They’re startin’ again.” He pointed and clicked the remote.
“…into the shotgun,” the play-by-play guy said. “Three receivers wide to the—”
“Head hurts!” the whore repeated. “Wanna go fucking home!”
“I told you,” Mull said, “after the game.”
“…the Lions show blitz. The ball’s snapped and—”
“No, now!” the whore said. She turned away from Mull and went toward the TV. “No more game!”
“…breaks a tackle and…” They were all on their feet by now, and DelVecchio and Mull both grabbed at the whore, but they were too late and as the announcer described a pass “lofted toward the corner of the end zone,” she grabbed the TV and spun it around on the table, which yanked out the cable connection. Then she pushed on it, hard, and it went off the back of the table and crashed screen first onto the floor.
There was an instant of silence when no one moved at all, and then the whore straightened up and turned. “Wanna go fucking home,” she said. “No more game.”
“You…bitch,” DelVecchio said. “You sorry…stupid…bitch.” His voice was surprisingly slow and soft, but also filled with rage. He stood there and swiveled his head and upper body around, as though looking for something—like a wolf sniffing out prey.
Mull was surprised at how the other two goons said and did nothing, and in fact seemed to shrink away from their boss, and he suddenly wondered what this animal DelVecchio had been into besides alcohol.
DelVecchio reached down and grabbed the MGD bottle from where he’d left it beside his chair. He tipped it up and took a long drink, and then said again, “You sorry… stupid…bitch.”
The whore just ignored him, though, and kept her eyes on Mull. “Wanna go—”
The bottle caught her full on the left side of her head, and shattered, sending glass and beer everywhere. She stood there for a second or two, beer and blood streaming down her face, and then she tried to walk, but tripped on her own feet and lost her balance. She waved her arms wildly and toppled over backwards, and on the way down the back of her head slammed into the corner of the low table. Her head hung up there for a second, but then her body went limp and the weight of it pulled her head off the table. The final blow, when her skull thumped against the wood floor, was one Mull knew she never felt.

Dead bodies always seem heavier than they ought to, and for Mull it was a real struggle—with his bad leg and his shortness of breath—helping one of DelVecchio’s punks carry this one. They had it wrapped in a thin blanket, and were headed across the room toward the front door. Mull could hear DelVecchio out at the kitchen sink, bitching and moaning while his other goon picked little pieces of glass from the maniac’s bloody right hand.
Mull had the foot end of the body and was walking backwards. When they got out onto the covered porch they set her down for a minute to rest, and he looked around and saw how dark it was. What light came out through the windows and the doorway spilled onto the floor boards of the porch and seemed to be sucked up by the rough, dry wood.
About the only thing the little bit of light did was to make whatever it didn’t reach—which included the bottom two porch steps and everything beyond—look even blacker. There was no moon, no stars, nothing. There was also no driveway up to the porch, since the access drive from the main road just emptied into the large cleared area around the house. According to the punk, DelVecchio’s car was parked off to the right, over near the trees. That meant crossing what Mull knew was a sloping, rocky, uneven patch of weeds. Fifteen or twenty yards away, easily.
“Go get the damn key,” Mull said, “and drive the car over here.”
“You gotta be kidding.” The guy shook his head, and looked genuinely scared. “First, nobody drives that car but Chi-Chi. It’s a Jaguar and, like, brand new. Second, I wouldn’t ask him for nothing, not when he’s into… not when he’s like he is tonight. You seen just a little taste.”
“Well, then, I’ll ask him.” Mull started for the door, but the guy stood in his way and pushed him back.
“Uh-uh. You get hurt and we’re all in deep shit.” He squatted down by the body, then looked up at Mull. “You don’t wanna help, I’ll drag her to the car myself.”
Mull didn’t want a bloody body being bounced down the steps and dragged across the yard, so he gave in. He squatted too, and both men shifted their hands around to get the best possible grip. The blanket made it hard to get hold of her arms and legs, so they tossed it aside. When they had hold of her they stood up together and and started for the porch steps.
They hadn’t gone three feet when Mull stopped. “This is crazy,” he said. “Set her down again, dammit.” They did, and he turned and swept his arm out to indicate the darkness they were headed into. “There’s been nobody around here but us since Thursday. This could be noon, for chrissake, and there’d be no one to see us.” He reached inside the door and switched on the flood lights that lit up the whole yard.

They managed to make it down the porch steps without breaking a leg or dropping the body, and as they started across the yard with it Mull had to fight the urge to try to move faster than they could. Being out there in the open under the lights made it feel like someone was watching them, and he kept twisting his head around to see who the hell was there, even though he knew better.
By the time they got to the Jag DelVecchio and the other guy had caught up. DelVecchio’s right hand was wrapped in a towel, and with his keyless opener in his left hand he hit the button and the trunk lid sprang open. He seemed a little more calm, but was still in a foul mood. When he saw the blanket wasn’t there, he told one of his guys, “Go back and get the fucking thing…and hurry up!” The guy ran all the way to the porch and back, and they lay the blanket on the floor of the trunk and then heaved her…it…up and in, and slammed the lid.
“None of this ever happened,” Mull said, hunching up his shoulders to help himself breathe. “A known prostitute, full of alcohol and who-knows-what-else. No one’s gonna knock themselves out investigating. Leave her in a dumpster some—”
“No way,” DelVecchio said. “This fucking skank won’t be found…ever.” He got into the driver’s seat and had to lean and reach around the wheel with his left hand to get the key into the ignition. He closed the door and then lowered the window. “And look here, Mulhane,” he said, “nothing’s changed. You fall behind, I’ll still be the one they send. Understand?”
“Yeah,” Mull said. “And you have a nice day.”

The Jaguar pulled away, leaving Mull alone to figure out a story for the pimp about how his bitch had split the scene and never come back. He was stone sober now, and first he had to clean up some more. He’d leave the place better than they’d found it—no blood anywhere, for sure—and he’d leave an extra fifty bucks for the missing blanket and towel. He climbed the porch steps and went in and turned off the outside lights.
Maybe five minutes later he heard a car pull up and stop near the porch. But no, not a car. A motorcycle. One motorcycle.
He waited, and Johnny came in.
“Party’s over,” Mull said.
“I know. I told my partner to go on home, that I wanted to come back and say hello to my father.”
“Uh-huh. Well…so…you’re with Bomb and Arson these days?” Stupid question. What he needed was to get this son of a bitch out of here before he saw the blood.
“Nope,” Johnny said. “Not Bomb and Arson. He made no move to come farther in, just stood by the door.
“That’s what your part—”
“Yeah, I know.” He reached inside the leather jacket and pulled a business card from his shirt pocket.
Mull took the card. Under Johnny’s name it said: Chicago Police Department. And below that: Internal Affairs Division. He put the card in his own pocket and said, “So you came up here on the job. Did you know I’d be here?”
“Nope. Just heard about a couple of coppers hosting a party that sounded… interesting.”
“And now what? I’ll be called in?”
“You mean because me and my partner caught you running a traveling whorehouse?” Johnny turned and went out onto the porch, and Mull followed him. The BMW stood at the bottom of the steps, visible because its running lights were on. “My partner says no. He thinks a son shouldn’t flip the switch on his own father.” Johnny went down the steps.
“Really.” Mull stared at his son’s back. “And what do you think?”
“Me? I think a lot of things.” Johnny lifted the cycle off its center stand, threw his right leg over it, and started the engine. Not like a Harley, the BMW made very little noise as it idled. “Like…I think that limp of yours is pretty bad.”
“Yeah…well…I get by.”
“And something else I think.” Johnny clicked on his highbeam and revved up the engine the way bikers do. Then, using both feet, he pedaled the cycle a little closer, parallel to the bottom porch step. “I think you won’t need to turn on those floodlights for me. Not again.”
“Not…again?” Mull tried not to hunch his shoulders, but was finding it hard to take in enough breath.
“That’s right.” Johnny lifted his hand up and out into the dim light and showed Mull a small, chrome-colored camera. “But the thing is,” he said, “I don’t think I should turn in my own father, either.” He held the camera out toward Mull.
“Thanks,” Mull said, and reached for it.
“Nope.” Johnny yanked his hand back. “Because I think…after all these years… I prefer the crippled-up, vicious old bastard right where he is.” The cycle moved slowly forward. “In my pocket.”



MORE ABOUT LIBBY

THE ELLIE FOREMAN SERIES



“Libby Fischer Hellmann has already joined an elite club: Chicago mystery writers who not only inhabit the environment but also give it a unique flavor... her series continues in fine style... (Ellie)... lights up the page with courage and energy.”
—Chicago Tribune

“Not only has Hellmann created a compelling group of believable characters, but the mystery she places them in is likewise plausible and engrossing. Highly recommended, even if you don’t live in Illinois.”
—David Montgomery, Chicago Sun-Times

“Hellmann owes a debt to fellow Chicagoans Sara Paretsky (complex plotting) and Barbara D’Amato (excellent research)—but she’s the brash young thing making this formula new again. I can’t wait for the next book!”
—Robin Agnew, Aunt Agatha’s

“Hellmann has surpassed herself. Well-crafted, intense and exciting, right up to the last page... a must read!”
—Laurel Johnson, Midwest Book Review
“A masterful blend of politics, history, and suspense... sharp humor and vivid language... Ellie is an engaging amateur sleuth.”
—Publishers Weekly, November 4, 2002

“Ellie is a particularly believable protagonist... she’s a pleasure to spend time with.”
—Reviewing the Evidence

“Libby Fischer Hellmann has indisputably crossed the line into the realm of great crime fiction writers.”
—Crimespree Magazine

Buy An Eye For Murder:
Kindle: http://www.amazon.com/Murder-Ellie-Foreman-Mysteries-ebook/dp/B0015ACFCK
Nook: http://www.barnesandnoble.com/w/eye-for-murder-libby-fischer-hellmann/1100407509

Buy A Picture of Guilt:
Kindle: http://www.amazon.com/Picture-Guilt-Foreman-Mysteries-ebook/dp/B003E48A4M
Nook: http://www.barnesandnoble.com/w/picture-of-guilt-libby-fischer-hellmann/1100407511

Buy An Image of Death:
Kindle: http://www.amazon.com/Image-Death-Foreman-Mysteries-ebook/dp/B003X27PUK
Nook: http://www.barnesandnoble.com/w/image-of-death-libby-fischer-hellmann/1100407510

Buy A Shot to Die For:
Kindle: http://www.amazon.com/Shot-Ellie-Foreman-Mysteries-ebook/dp/B003F76XAQ
Nook: http://www.barnesandnoble.com/w/shot-to-die-for-libby-fischer-hellmann/1102011113



THE GEORGIA DAVIS SERIES


“Hellmann brings to life the reality of hazing and bullying among teenage girls in a story with enough twists and turns to keep you reading to the end. Highly recommended.”
—Library Journal (starred review)

“Just what’s needed in a mystery... Depth of characterization sets this new entry apart from a crowded field.”
—Kirkus Reviews

“Libby Hellmann can get into the mind of a character, whether the character is a mentally ill man or a teenage girl. PI Georgia Davis, the no-nonsense heart of this tale... finds a darkness I didn’t see coming. This is good stuff, very good stuff.”
—Stuart M. Kaminsky, Grand Master, Mystery Writers of America

“There’s a new no-nonsense female private detective in town: Georgia Davis, a former cop who is tough and smart enough to give even the legendary V.I. Warshawski a run for her money... Hellmann knows how to distill the essence of a character in a few unadorned but dead-right sentences.”
—Dick Adler, Chicago Tribune

“Hellmann’s done her homework here and it shows: the writing is assured, the voices authentic, and the understanding both of criminal investigations and relationships among cops, lawyers and prosecutors come to life with great urgency. Davis’ arrival on the mean streets is long overdue.”
—Sara Paretsky, author of the V.I. Warshawski series

Buy Easy Innocence:
Kindle: http://www.amazon.com/Easy-Innocence-ebook/dp/B001UE8J4Y
Nook: http://www.barnesandnoble.com/w/easy-innocence-libby-fischer-hellmann/1020032643
Smashwords: http://www.smashwords.com/books/view/8485

Buy Doubleback:
Kindle: http://www.amazon.com/Doubleback-ebook/dp/B002SG7OWG
Nook: http://www.barnesandnoble.com/w/doubleback-libby-fischer-hellmann/1020032642
Smashwords: http://www.smashwords.com/books/view/8482



SET THE NIGHT ON FIRE


“A tremendous thriller, sweeping but intimate, elegiac but urgent, subtle but intense... this story really does set the night on fire.”
—Lee Child

“Superior... Passion, pain, and protests emerge in vivid detail.”
—Chicago Tribune

“Set the Night on Fire is a compelling story of love, truth and redemption. This will be a break-out novel for this talented writer. Highly recommended.”
—Sheldon Siegel, New York Times best-selling author of Perfect Alibi

“A top-rate standalone thriller... A jazzy fusion of past and present, Hellman's insightful, politically charged whodunit explores a fascinating period in American history.”
—Publishers Weekly

“Top Pick! Electric! A marvelous novel.”
—Romantic Times Book Reviews


Buy Set the Night on Fire:
Kindle: http://www.amazon.com/Set-Night-Fire-ebook/dp/B004C43IFY
Nook: http://www.barnesandnoble.com/w/set-the-night-on-fire-libby-fischer-hellmann/1024630810
Smashwords: http://www.smashwords.com/books/view/29940



NICE GIRL DOES NOIR, Vol. 1 and 2


“I don't usually like to read short stories, but these are terrific! My highest recommendation here.”
—Molly Weston, Meritorious Mysteries

“[A] great place to get acquainted with Hellmann's talent... not only universal but has greater depth and emotional value. Aspiring short-story writers would do well to pay attention.”
—Naomi Johnson, The Drowning Machine

Buy Nice Girl Does Noir Vol. 1:
Kindle: http://www.amazon.com/Nice-Girl-Does-Noir-ebook/dp/B003NE6E32
Nook: http://www.barnesandnoble.com/w/nice-girl-does-noir-vol-1-libby-fischer-hellmann/1022594657
Smashwords: http://www.smashwords.com/books/view/15100

Buy Nice Girl Does Noir Vol. 2:
Kindle: http://www.amazon.com/Nice-Girl-Does-Noir-ebook/dp/B003NHT4UE
Nook: http://www.barnesandnoble.com/w/nice-girl-does-noir-vol-2-libby-fischer-hellmann/1022594658
Smashwords: http://www.smashwords.com/books/view/15101



MORE ABOUT DAVID

THE WILD ONION SERIES


The Towman’s Daughters will be available in late September 2011.

The name “Chicago” is derived from a native American word for “wild onion.” So, when Kirsten, a former Chicago police investigator, opens up her private detective agency she calls it “Wild Onion, Ltd.”
Kirsten's husband, Dugan, is a lawyer who finds himself drawn into her cases. Though he may feign a reluctance to help, Dugan is actually far more intrigued with Kirsten's work than with his own.

“[David J. Walker] brings his crisp dialogue, a fine comic edge, and a cast of sharply drawn supporting characters to a new series... The spotlight, however, belongs to the leads, whose interplay is not cutesy, and will have readers looking forward to the next in the series.”
—Publishers Weekly

“There have been numerous attempts to create modern versions of Nick and Nora Charles, but [Walker's] Kirsten and Dugan are the most fun.”
—Booklist

Other books in the series: All the Dead Fathers (2005); The End of Emerald Woods (2000); A Beer at a Bawdy House (2000); A Ticket to Die For (1998)

Buy Too Many Clients:
Kindle: http://www.amazon.com/Many-Clients-Wild-Onion-ebook/dp/B004QOBAEQ
Nook: http://www.barnesandnoble.com/w/too-many-clients-david-j-walker/1021297393



SAVING PAULO


In Saving Paulo, three people—a young man going nowhere, a young woman with everything, and a self-proclaimed “seer”—are drawn together in a struggle to save a strange, silent little boy from murderous kidnappers.

“Taking a break from his two crime series, David J. Walker sticks to the genre in the very entertaining stand-alone Saving Paulo... Walker's writing will keep the reader glued, even if the last act seems a bit of a stretch with some of the actions taken. But the characters are so well-drawn, you won't mind.”
—Bruce Grossman, bookgasm.com

“Saving Paulo is that rare genre novel, a complex thriller with a compassionate heart. David J. Walker never neglects the elements that make us love novels of suspense, but his eye is also finely tuned to those nuances of human nature that allow us to care deeply about the characters he creates. This is a twisting, turning story about a group of misfits who do their best to rescue a boy worth saving, and Walker had me rooting for them every step of the way.”
—William Kent Krueger

“This is Edgar nominee Walker's first stand-alone thriller. Readers should be hooked from the first scene... What follows is a plunge into a protracted chase scene... through a wonderfully sustained suspense story.”
—Connie Fletcher, Booklist

Buy Saving Paulo:
Kindle: http://www.amazon.com/Saving-Paulo-ebook/dp/B00563HO6Y/
Nook: http://www.barnesandnoble.com/w/saving-paulo-david-j-walker/1012725083



THE MAL FOLEY SERIES


Chicago private investigator Malachy P. Foley was once a lawyer, but lost his license when he kept his word... by keeping his mouth shut. His license was suspended by the Illinois Supreme Court “until further order of Court” and, since he'll have to “demonstrate remorse for his misconduct” before he gets his license back, he may never practice law again.

“Wonderful characters abound in this deftly-plotted tale.”
—The Armchair Detective on Half the Truth

“Mr. Walker has given us a real gem here. The plotting is well worked out, Foley is interestingly complex, and the secondary characters enrich the book like well-chosen herbs in a thick broth.”
—Washington Times

“One of 2002's Top 5 Books”
—Gary Warren Niebuhr, Mystery News, on No Show of Remorse

“Walker has a gift for atmosphere—his Chicago, encompassing downtown with the University of Chicago on the south and Northwestern University to the north, is vividly rendered without being painted solely in 'private eye noir.' He also has a gift for action that takes sudden, startling, but eminently credible turns.”
—Booklist
