The Adventures of
The Taylors
An Archaeological Family
in

Book of the Archangels

Book 1
by
L. C. Walker

SMASHWORDS EDITION

* * * * *

PUBLISHED BY:
L. C. Walker on Smashwords

Smashwords ISBN:

The Adventures of
The Taylors
An Archaeological Family
in
Book of the Archangels


Copyright © 2011 by L. C. Walker


All rights reserved.  Without limiting the rights under copyright reserved above, no part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in or introduced into a retrieval system, or transmitted, in any form, or by any means (electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise) without the prior written permission of both the copyright owner and the above publisher of this book.


This is a work of fiction.  All characters, dates, events, and places in this book are fictional unless otherwise stated.  Any resemblance to real people is purely coincidental and should not be used to characterize any person living or dead.

Smashwords Edition License Notes

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.  This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people.  If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each person you share it with.  If you're reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then you should return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy.  Thank you for respecting the author's work


* * * * *


DEDICATION


To my son and daughter, the adventures we went

on, when they were growing up, are similar

to the ones in this book.  The difference

is that we never left the United States.

Each year our vacation plans were

different and each trip was as

exciting as the one before.


FOREWORD


Archaeology is a fantastic and interesting career to be in.  When an archaeologist makes a discovery, it not only makes him feel proud of what he has done, but it makes his team feel as if they have accomplished something that no one else has ever done or seen.
When an archaeologist has a wife who is an archaeologist and their three children are with them all of the time, the discoveries seem even more exciting.  The children are as fascinated with a new discovery as the parents are and perhaps even more so.  Because of all of the tales their father has told them, the children are full of anticipation.
Tales of buried treasure, gold mines, the Staff of Moses and secret entrances where things are hidden, are only a few stories their father, Dallas, has told them.  Each day, the children explore and look for the things that most children would consider fairy tales.  They know, sooner or later, they will discover that the tales are really true and the day of proof is coming nearer and nearer, as each day passes.


PROLOGUE


The command was given: "Kill him and his entire family.  If anyone tries to help them, kill them also."  When the command was given, the forces of evil started their trip to find the prophet of the Last Days and kill him.  If he escapes, the demons, who were given the task to kill him, will pay with their own lives.  
The demons knew that the prophet was special, because of what the Book of the Prophets and the Book of The Archangels had predicted.  The books told of a prophet that would be born in the Last Days.  This prophet would read the Book of the Prophets and see clues that would lead him to the Book of the Archangels.  Once he found the Book of the Archangels, everything would change.  
The Devil knew that Dallas Taylor was the prophet of the last days because he asked the Lord.  The Lord told the Devil that Dallas Taylor was the end time prophet.  The Devil had read the Book of the Prophets two thousand years before and the Book of the Archangels thirty five hundred years before and that is when he knew a prophet would appear in the Last Days.  When Dallas was born, the Devil started his search for the prophet.
The search for Dallas started at the last place the Devil knew his family lived.  However, I made finding Dallas and his family almost impossible for the Devil and his demons.  Oh, I almost forgot to tell you who I am.  My name is Stephael and I am an Archangel.  I have one job and that is to protect Dallas Taylor and his family. 
The first thing I did to protect Dallas and his family was to change the time that he was born.  The Devil knew that the prophet would be born in the Last Days, so I was given permission from my God, Jehovah, to use whatever means I needed to change things so the Devil would chase after false trails.  Chase after false trails is the exact thing that he would do.  But, it is inevitable that the Devil would find Dallas and, at that time, my job would become harder than I ever thought.
The first war started the day Dallas was born and it ended when God spoke the word.  The word God spoke was one that He hardly ever used.  He put a protective shield around Dallas and his family.  This shield is a seal that was placed on Dallas and his entire family, which prevented the Devil and his demons from killing the Taylor family. Oh, that is the reason God told the Devil that the prophet of the Last Days was Dallas.  With the protective shield around Dallas and his family, the Devil could not kill any of them. Of course, God did not tell the Devil that tidbit of information.
Now, let's get back to the war.  The war, like I said, started the day Dallas was born.  The Devil sent a legion of his best demons to find and kill the end time prophet.  If they were successful, he figured the Book of the Archangels would not be found and the things spoken of in the book would not occur.
The Book of the Prophets spoke about the prophet and the time when he would be born. The Devil knew the birth of the prophet, by the name of the "Care Taker," could occur at any time.  He had his demons watching and, when the exact time for his birth was discovered, with the blowing of the trumpet in Heaven, the command from the Devil went out.  Kill the prophet and anyone that will try to help save him.  Dallas and all children born at that very second were in real peril.  The only one that would survive would be the End Time Prophet, Dallas Taylor, better known in Heaven as the Care Taker.
With that command, the slaughter began.  All children in the entire world that were born when the trumpet was sounded, up to thirty seconds after the trumpet, were killed by the legion of demons the Devil had sent to earth.  The battle, if you could call it a battle, did not last very long. As a matter of fact, it only lasted for a very short time.  The reason the battle did not last long is because new born babies cannot protect themselves; they are totally helpless.  When the slaughter was over, the Devil sounded his own trumpet to let everyone know that he had accomplished his goal.  He thought he had killed the prophet. However, because of the way I changed things, the prophet was not killed.  The Devil gloated over his win and what he thought was a great victory over God.  For the first time, he thought he had proven that the Word from God was not fulfilled and that made God out as being a liar.  If he was able to prove that God was a liar, it would mean that God and His Word could be changed.  One thing that all humans know is that God cannot lie; He is truthful.  
The battle was over, but the war continued on after the Devil discovered that Dallas was not dead. The Devil went on a rage.  He started more wars and killed hundreds of thousands of people.  His rage would not cease; it would continue until the end of the Tribulation. 


Chapter 1


WATCH OUT the rock is falling, run, run!!  Dallas turned and looked up and saw the huge boulder falling and it was falling straight toward him.  He took five quick steps to the right so the boulder would miss him.  It only missed him by only inches, but it did miss him.
Jael had saved his life, but it was not the first time he saved Dallas from certain death.  Death has been looking for Dallas before he was born, but that is a story I will tell you a little later.  What I want to tell you right now is the first and second time Dallas visited Israel.  I will not tell you everything that happened that would spoil the story.  I will only tell you one or two of the things that happen to Dallas.
Dallas Taylor is an archaeologist that loves to find things, such as dinosaur bones, hidden caves, maps, and the list goes on and on.  One day he received a letter in the mail.  The letter stated that he was supposed to go to Israel and meet a man named Jael.  The letter stated that Jael would take him to Cairo and once they were in Cairo he and Jael would go to the Sphinx.  One item they would find is a map.  The map would give them directions to a cave.  At that cave Dallas would find a treasure that was beyond words.
When people hear that someone has found a treasure their first thought is about gold or silver.  For some people gold or silver would be a treasure, but for others a treasure could be an old book or an old stamp.  One persons treasure is different for each person.
During that first visit to Israel Dallas had no idea who Jael was, but he knew he was going to find things that would boggle his mind.  The one thing he did not know was that the Devil had his demons watching Dallas all of the time.  At every turn the Devil would try and take the life of Dallas.  However, Jael was watching and he thought he knew what the Devil would try next.  What Jael was doing was anticipating each and every move of the Devil.  Each time the Devil would try something new Jael was always one step ahead.  One might say that Jael knew his enemy almost better than he knew himself.
Dallas also had his ace in the hole, his ace was me.  Since I was given the job to protect Dallas I am watching for the things the Devil will throw at him that could kill him.  The Devil knows and I know that Dallas cannot be killed, but that will not stop the Devil from trying to take the life of the prophet of the Last Days.
When Dallas arrived in Israel Jael was waiting at the airport to pick him up and off to the hotel they went.  Inside the hotel room Dallas and Jael talked about going to Cairo and finding a treasure.  Jael knew what some people expect when they hear the word treasure.  They conjure up things like diamonds, rubies, gold, silver, maps, rings, necklaces, pictures, books, and other things people consider priceless.  
Jael had no idea what they might find, the letter was not sent to him it was sent to Dallas.  The person who sent the letter must have known about the treasure and about Jael.  The person that sent the letter knew a lot about Dallas.  They knew that Dallas would love to find a treasure beyond words, but they also knew that Dallas considered finding a whole dinosaur more exciting than finding a cave full of the things mentioned above.
When Jael and Dallas arrived in Cairo they went to the Sphinx.  They looked all around the Sphinx, but they did not find a treasure or anything else.  They decided to go that night and see if someone would be there that would direct them to a treasure.  The person that sent the letter may show up?
No one showed up that night, but Dallas did find a map and a book.  Both were very important finds.  If things continue as they are now Dallas will want to move to Israel as fast as possible.
The trip home to the States was one trip that Jael decided to take to make sure Dallas arrived safe and sound.  Even though he knew the Devil may try to kill Dallas he knew the trip may be uneventful.  When Dallas and Jael reached Dallas's home they both could rest more peaceful.
The second trip Dallas made to Israel was a spur of the moment trip.  Dallas received a call from Dr. Tolbert about a cave he was told about that may have some items in it that date back to 4 B.C.  Dr. Tolbert told Dallas that he went inside the cave with a friend and he found one scroll that was at least two thousand years old.  He said the cave went so far back that he did not feel comfortable in it.
Dallas informed Dr. Tolbert that he would get the first flight to Israel and they both would see what they could find?  Dr. Tolbert was thrilled that Dallas would be coming back to Israel.  Dallas thought about the long flight over to Israel, but because he was so tired he slept most of the way.  At the airport an old friend was waiting for Dallas, it was Jael.  Jael took Dallas to the hotel and the next morning they would all go to the cave.
The next morning Dallas and Jael went down to the lobby to meet Dr. Tolbert.  When Dr. Tolbert arrived he had his friend with him.  Dallas and Jael were both surprised to see Dr. Tolbert's friend.  They all hugged each other and then they were off to the cave. 
At the cave Dallas thought for sure he would find treasures so vast it would be beyond words.  However, when he first walked in the only thing he found was an empty hollow cave.  Inside that cave a huge boulder fell and Jael hollowed out, "WATCH OUT the rock is falling, run, run!!"  If Dallas had not moved five quick steps to the right he would have been killed.  That was a narrow escape and now they all had to be on their toes.  All four men had a flashlight and they were looking all around.  To the left Dallas saw a jar that was cover by dirt.  He looked inside the jar and there was a small scroll.  He gave it to Dr. Tolbert.
After looking in the cave for almost an hour Dallas and Dr. Tolbert decided it was a ghost trail except for the small scroll.  The small scroll was a huge find.  It was about the Book of Daniel.  In the scroll it told about the time period that Daniel lived and the date of his death.  The reason it was a huge find was because it stated that Daniel died in March of 531 B.C.  Many scholars that did not believe the Bible, believed that Daniel was written somewhere around 150 B.C. and it was written after the fact.  With this scroll it proves the Bible is correct and God does know the future.
Before they all left the cave, the friend of Dr. Tolbert stated that he felt like the cave does have more in it than meets the eye.  “I feel as if there is a treasure here and all we have to do is to find it.  If we look hard enough, we should be able to find something such as a hidden door or a hidden compartment.”
Dallas and Dr. Tolbert decided they should take another hour or so and see what they could find.  The friend of Dr. Tolbert told Dallas that he should look along one wall and Dr. Tolbert should look along the other wall.  It was Dallas that found it first.  Along the right side wall was a path way cut out of the solid rock.  The path only went back about twelve feet, but what was at the end of the path made Dallas think of a treasure once again.  At the end of the path, to the right, was a door.  The door was made of solid rock which Dallas estimated weighed two thousand pounds.  
Dallas pushed at the door, but the door would not move.  Jael and Dr. Tolbert’s friend looked at the door and ran their hand up both sides and across the top.  At the top was a rock spindle about six inches long and two inches wide.  Jael lifted the spindle straight up and out of the hole.  When the spindle was lifted out, the door did open.  Dallas and Dr. Tolbert both shined their flashlights inside and that is when they both saw a treasure that was beyond words.
The treasure that Dallas and Dr. Tolbert found would remain a secret until they were given permission to reveal it to the world.  Jael and Dr. Tolbert’s friend made it clear that if the world knew about this treasure it would off-set the power in the Middle East and it would make Israel into a cup of trembling.  
Dallas did not stay in Israel very long after that find, he only stayed three days.  During those three days he went to two other caves, but nothing was found.  The last day he was in Israel he meet with Jael, Dr. Tolbert and Dr. Tolbert’s friend and wished them all well.  His trip back went as fast as his trip over, it just flew by. 
Dallas was now sure that he and his family had to move to Israel.  The two trips to Israel were unbelievable and if he wanted to find one treasure after another he would have to be where history was made. 




Chapter 2


AS YOU know, my name is Stephael and I am an Archangel.  My job was to protect Dallas Taylor and his family.  I told you I was going to tell you how I changed things so the Devil would not know the time that Dallas would be born.  I was ready to tell you the story, but God told me I was supposed to tell you about the Devil and how he became the god of the earth.  Since I was commanded to tell you the story of the things that happened before the earth was formed and the story of the things that will happened on earth right up to the Rapture, I believe it is best to start at the beginning.
The story begins before there was an earth.  God formed all things and without God, nothing was formed.  Before He, the Son, and the Holy Spirit made earth, They created a group of special beings called Angels.  There are two kinds of angels. There are the regular angels and then there are the mighty Archangels.  I am one of those angels, as are Lucifer, Michael, Azael, Raphael, Uriel, and Gabriel, just to name a few.
Before there was an earth, our job was to do anything God commanded us to do.  As you read this, you may be wondering: What could an angel do in Heaven?  One of the most important things we can do is to praise the Creator and give him all of our worship and honor.  That is really where the story begins.
We angels love to praise the Lord and give Him the honor that is due Him.  But there was one angel that thought all of that praising and honoring was useless and was not needed.  His name was Lucifer.  Even though he was an Archangel and the very first being that God ever created, he was not like the other angels.  Lucifer had a lot of pride in his heart and he was not satisfied with the idea of being just an Archangel.  He wanted to be more than just a servant.
Lucifer knew that he was the first angel that God ever created and he knew he was the most powerful angel that God ever created.  Knowing those things is where the problem first started.  Pride can affect even a being as powerful as an Archangel.  Once an angel or a human gets to the point where they believe they are more than what they are, there will be a problem. 
I will say there were other problems with Lucifer other than the pride.  Lucifer was also jealous of God and when God created more angels, he was jealous of them as well.  The main reason he was jealous of the other angels was because he wanted to be the only angel in Heaven.  Once God created the second angel, the jealousy began.  Then, when God created another angel and another, the jealousy deepened and the jealousy turned to hatred.  
When God created Michael, who is the second most powerful Archangel, the problems with Lucifer started to overflow.  Lucifer hated Michael from the very second God created him.  God placed in Michael a very strong personality that was willing to summit to God, but not to other angels.  Michael would not submit to the commands of Lucifer and that made Lucifer very mad.  As a matter of fact, the hatred drove Lucifer to the point of wanting to kill Michael.  However, that is something that God would not allow.  God can make an angel cease to exist, if that is His will. He has a place where He can put an angel that rebels; that place is called Hell.  God knew before They created angels that many of them would rebel and They had to make a place where they would be for eternity.  That place was made specifically for the Devil and his angels.  
From the time that God created Lucifer, God knew the heart of the greatest angel He had ever created.  This angel wanted to be God or he wanted to be like God.  Lucifer knew in his heart he could never be God, so he wanted to be like God.  If he could be like God, he could command the angels to worship him and they would do what they were commanded.  Lucifer did not realize there would be a problem, because he did not know that all the angels would not follow his commands.  God is the one who commands and most of us follow His commands only.  Those following the commands of Lucifer were the ones that thought things should be the way that he was telling them they should be.
Lucifer tried to command all of the angels in Heaven to do the things that he thought should be done.  Some of the angels followed his commands, while others would only listen to the things that God commanded.  Two thirds followed the commands of God, while one third decided to listen to Lucifer.  By listening to Lucifer, they were going down a road they would regret for eternity.
The battle that will take place in Heaven will not take place right away.  God is longsuffering and He gives chance after chance to the angels that are not abiding with the commands that He gives.  Even though the angels and their leader are not committing sins, they are on the verge of doing that very thing.  
God knows everything and He knew that He was going to create a place called Earth.  He also knew that He wanted there to be a Universe and in the Universe there would be billions of Galaxies and, in each Galaxy, there would be Solar Systems.  Earth would be in a Solar System that would have a Sun and other planets.  It would be placed exactly where God wanted it placed so it would not be too close to the Sun, where it would melt or boil the planet, and He placed it so it would not be too far from the Sun, so the planet would be too cold for life.
The reason God wanted Earth to be placed exactly where He put it was because of what He was going to do in the near future.  He was going to create a human being.  When He told all of Heaven what They were going to do, we angels had no idea what a human was going to look like or what function a human would have.  We never tied the two together. What I mean is, we never thought that Earth was going to be the place where humans would live.
When I said we angels never thought that Earth was going to be formed for humans and we had no idea what function a human would have was not totally correct.  There was one angel that started thinking about the planet and about the human.  Because of the heart of Lucifer, he started to think about the human that God was going to create.  This being, called a human, may have a will as strong as Michael, but he may not have.  If he does not have a strong will, he will be easy to command.  If he is easy to command, he could do everything that Lucifer commanded him to do.  This would include worshipping the created other than the Creator.
Lucifer continued with his assault and intimidation of the other angels.  More and more of the angels were giving in to the pressure from Lucifer.  For some angels, the pressure was too great, and they fled to the throne of God.  At the throne, they could find refuge and they knew Lucifer would not enter into that area, because of his rebellion toward God. 
Like I said, God is longsuffering and he gave Lucifer every chance to change his ways and to get straight with the Lord.  He did not want to seek forgiveness.  As a matter of fact, Lucifer became worse than ever.  God has drawn a line and, if you cross that line, there are no other chances God will give you.  The same thing holds true for Lucifer.  God let Lucifer get away with one thing after another until Lucifer demanded that the angels who followed him drop to their knees and worship him as God.
When Lucifer made the decision to have his followers drop to their knees and worship him, God had seen enough.  Lucifer had crossed the line of no return.  God proclaimed that Lucifer had committed a sin and that sin would expel him from the heavenlies.  It was also the time that God changed the name of Lucifer to Satan and the Devil.  All the angels that were left in Heaven knew Lucifer as Satan and, to show even more contempt for him, they called him the Devil.
Because God is Holy, He cannot look upon sin or have sin in His presence.  The Devil and a third of the angels, who followed him, had to be expelled from Heaven, God's home. However, that did not mean they were expelled from the heavenly area. The Devil and his angels were still in an area of heaven until God created the universe.  
At that time, God created Earth and, a little later, God created a human being that He called Man.  Man would have one job and that was to cultivate or to till a place that God called the Garden of Eden.  
The garden had all kinds of plants, flowers, and trees.  Two of the trees that were in the garden were the Tree of Life and the Tree of Knowledge of good and evil.  Both of these trees were very unique.  If a human were to eat of the Tree of Life, they would live forever and, if a human were to eat of the Tree of Knowledge of good and evil, they would know the difference between right and wrong.
God commanded that man could eat of all the fruit in the garden with the exception of the Tree of Knowledge of good and evil.  God stated, "For in the day that thou eatest thereof, thou shalt surely die."  God then commanded the man, whom He named Adam, to name all the animals He had created.  The name that Adam chose for the animals would be their names forever.
After naming all of the animals, God looked and saw that each animal had a mate with the exception of Adam.  God then put Adam into a deep sleep and removed a rib and formed a help meet for him.  Adam called his help meet Woman, because she was bone of his bones, and flesh of his flesh.  Adam now had someone to help him in the Garden of Eden.
The Devil looked upon earth and knew what God had done.  He saw the man and the woman and his desire to be worshipped overwhelmed him with pride and greed.  The Devil looked upon the earth and saw the most beautiful creature that God had ever created and he decided to talk with the serpent.  We were never told what the Devil said to the serpent, but whatever it was, it was enough for the serpent to commit a sin.
The plan was made and the serpent knew exactly what he was going to do.  One day when the Woman was walking in the garden, the serpent asked a very simple question, Yea, hath God said, Ye shall not eat of every tree of the garden?  And the woman said unto the serpent, We may eat of the fruit of the trees of the garden; But of the fruit of the tree which is in the midst of the garden, God hath said, Ye shall not eat of it, neither shall ye touch it, lest ye die.  And the serpent said unto the woman, Ye shall not surely die; For God doth know that in the day ye eat thereof, then your eyes shall be opened, and ye shall be as God, knowing good and evil.  And when the woman saw that the tree was good for food, and that it was pleasant to the eyes, and a tree to be desired to make one wise, she took of the fruit thereof, and did eat, and gave also unto her husband with her; and he did eat.
Immediately the man and the woman had their eyes opened to the fact that they were naked.  They found fig leaves and sewed them together so their nakedness would not be seen by God when He came into the garden.  Every day, God would go to the garden and talk and walk with Adam and his wife.  When God entered the garden Adam and his wife hid themselves from the presence of the Lord.  And the LORD God called unto Adam, and said unto him, Where art thou?  And he said, I heard thy voice in the garden, and I was afraid, because I was naked; and I hid myself.  And He said, Who told thee that thou wast naked?  Hast thou eaten of the tree, whereof I commanded thee that thou shouldest not eat?  And the man said, The woman whom thou gavest to be with me, she gave me of the tree, and I did eat.  And the LORD God said unto the woman, What is this that thou hast done?  And the woman said, The serpent beguiled me, and I did eat.
The plan the Devil had devised worked perfectly.  However, the serpent failed to realize that it would cost him a lot.  The serpent would be cursed and the way he would live would be changed forever.  And the LORD God said unto the serpent, Because thou hast done this, thou art cursed above all cattle and above every beast of the field; upon thy belly shalt thou go, and dust shalt thou eat all the days of they life.  And I will put enmity between thee and the woman, and between thy seed and her seed; he shall bruise thy head, and thou shalt bruise his heel.  The serpent begged and pleaded with God to change His mind, but the serpent was guilty and there is always a price to pay when one is guilty.
Adam and his wife were guilty, also, and there had to be a price they would have to pay.  They would be expelled from the garden, which was a small price to pay.  The real price they had to pay was their fellowship with the LORD.  No longer would the LORD walk every evening with Adam and his wife in the garden.  The close fellowship Adam and his wife shared with God no longer existed.  Adam and his wife had a new companion walking with them and that was sin.  Not only would sin be with Adam and his wife, but sin would enter the human race.  Every human born on earth with the sinful blood of Adam would be cursed.  The only human born without the sinful blood of Adam would be the Son of God, Jesus Christ.
When Adam and his wife were expelled from the garden, the curse that God pronounced upon them would start.  Unto the woman He said, I will greatly multiply thy sorrow and thy conception; in sorrow thou shalt bring forth children; and thy desire shall be to thy husband, and he shall rule over thee.  And unto Adam he said, Because thou hast hearkened unto the voice of thy wife, and hast eaten of the tree, of which I commanded thee, saying, Thou shalt not eat of it: cursed is the ground for thy sake; in sorrow shalt thou eat of it all the days of thy life; Thorns also and thistles shall it bring forth to thee; and thou shalt eat the herb of the field; In the sweat of thy face shalt thou eat bread, till thou return unto the ground; for out of it wast thou taken: for dust thou art, and unto dust shalt thou return.  And Adam called his wife’s name Eve, because she was the mother of all living.
God knew that Adam and Eve would be able to live forever if they were to eat of the Tree of Life.  In order for that not to happen, God placed a guard at the entrance of the garden to protect the Tree.  And the LORD God said, Behold, the man is become as one of us, to know good and evil; and now, lest he put forth his hand, and take also of the tree of life, and eat, and live forever; Therefore the LORD God sent him forth from the Garden of Eden, to till the ground from where he was taken.  So he drove out the man; and he placed at the east of the Garden of Eden cherubim, and a flaming sword which turned every way, to gurad the way of the Tree of Life.
Adam and Eve knew each other and they had a child by the name of Cain.  Because of the sinful blood of Adam, he passed it to his son and to every human in the world, with the exception of one human and you already know who that person was.  Cain was just like the Devil, that being the pride and the arrogance of a being that believes they are more than what they really are.
With Cain came the first real victory over a human that the Devil registered in his book called the Book of Death.  Every person that rejects God, or His Son Jesus Christ, will be in the Book of Death.  God does not register those people in the book; it is the Devil.  When the Devil believes he has won the victory and a person is walking down the path of destruction, he will place them in his book.  Many times, he has to change his book because when a person is on the verge of death, a person will accept Christ.  When that person accepts, the Devil must remove that person's name from the Book of Death.
The complete opposite is true for the believer.  Their name is written in the Book of Life.  The Book of Life is the book that God keeps on all humans.  Before the Earth was ever formed, God knew who would accept and who would reject.  All humans that would accept had their names written in the Book of Life.  All those that reject never had their names written in the Book of Life.
Adam and Eve had a second son by the name of Abel.  Abel was a true follower of God and Cain was a true hater of God.  The hatred Cain had for God followed Abel into the field one day.  Cain took a club and struck Abel in the head and killed his brother.  When asked about his brother by God, Cain answered and stated that he was not his brother’s keeper.  God knew what Cain had done and that innocent blood was shed.  The battle between good and evil had started and the Devil had won the first battle. 
There would be many battles to follow, but the one battle that was fought on a hill in Jerusalem was won by the Lord Jesus Christ.  With that battle, Christ died for all of the sins of the world.  All a human has to do is to accept Him and they will be born again.  Abel had placed his faith in God and, when he was killed by his brother, he received eternal life.
When that battle was over, God informed the Devil that he would be the god of the earth and that some of the angels that fell with him would become demons.  However, not all would become demons.  There was a group that was so terrible that they were chained up for eternity, so they would not be able to tempt humans.
The End Time prophet known as the Care Taker is in the same dangerous field that Abel was in when Cain found him and killed him.  Death is licking at the heels of Dallas Taylor and, if it was not for God sending me to protect Dallas, he would have ended up just like Abel.  He would have been murdered.


CHAPTER 3


NOW LET me get back to the story of Dallas Taylor, the prophet of the Last Days, better known in Heaven as The Care Taker.  My God Jehovah commanded me to protect this family while they are looking for a number of things.  Dallas believes, if he follows a map he found, he will be able to find all of the treasures that legend and tradition have spoken about.  He also believes he will find the Compartment of Paradise, if the map is authentic.  If he finds the Compartment of Paradise, he hopes he will find the Ark of the Covenant, the oil, the water, and the Ashes of the Red Heifer, spoken about in Numbers 19.  However, Dallas does have an enemy; that enemy is the Devil.  
The Devil knows all about the Ashes of the Red Heifer and the other things that are needed to dedicate the Tribulation Temple before it is opened for worship.  He does not want those elements to be found.  If the elements are found and they are used in the temple, it would mean the worshipers would be worshipping Jehovah.  The Devil wants to be worshipped, but he doesn't want God to be worshipped.  The Devil knows for certain that the Jews will worship him, if he can prevent the elements from being found.  
The Devil is going to do everything in his power to prevent Dallas from finding the Compartment of Paradise and the other places where clues are hidden.  Those clues will uncover places that have been hidden for thousands of years.  If the Devil gets there before Dallas, those clues will be destroyed and other means will have to be used to find the places that have been hidden.
When I first started telling about the Taylor family, I said that they were my family.  I am not related to them because I am an Archangel, like I stated before.  I have no earthly family. All I have is my creator, God, and the other angels in heaven.  But, when we are given a task or we are commanded to protect humans on earth, they become just like a family to us.
The very first time I heard about Dallas Taylor was when I was at the Throne of God and I heard a prayer come from a preacher about his son.  The preacher was Silas Bartholomew Taylor.  Silas prayed that his son, Dallas, who he wanted to be a preacher, would become one of the greatest archaeologists, if not the greatest to ever live.  In his prayer he said that his son did not want to be a preacher and spend all of his time indoors preparing sermon after sermon for people that were already saved.  He wanted to be outdoors, breathing fresh air, and doing what he wanted to do instead of what others wanted him to do.
Silas continued and said that his son loved my God with all his heart and wanted to do something that he could look back at and see that he had accomplished  with his faith.  His accomplishments would be to become an archaeologist and discover things about the Bible that most people thought were fairy tales or just myths.
As Silas continued with his prayer, he asked that God would direct Dallas in things that others only dream about.  He asked for a double and then a triple portion of blessings for his son and that the Holy Spirit would guide and direct Dallas in the way he should go in order to find those things that the Lord wanted him to uncover.  Silas also asked that the Holy Spirit would bring a woman into his son’s life that would love archaeology as much as Dallas did.  At the end of his prayer, he asked that God would direct his path into the ministry, if Dallas changed his mind about being an archaeologist.  He asked that God would let him bring thousands, if not hundreds of thousands, to a saving knowledge of Jesus.
It was at that time that I was informed of my next job.  I would protect Dallas and his family until the rapture.  At the rapture, Dallas and his family, along with hundreds of millions of other believers, would be taken to Heaven without ever knowing what death felt like.  


Dallas Nehemiah Taylor was born in Butt, Montana on a cold and snowy day in March.  The winter had been extremely harsh that year and one rancher after another lost livestock to the cold temperatures.  Silas was not a rancher, but most of the people in his flock were and the loss of one cow or bull was a big loss.  People were praying for warmer weather and those prayers were going to be answered.
Not far from Butt is the place where archaeologists come each summer and look for dinosaur bones.  Many bones have been found there and some archaeologists have found the complete skeletal remains of dinosaurs.  This is the place I believe I will start my story about Dallas.  By starting here, you will be able to see why he loves the outdoors and why he became an archaeologist. 
Dallas was not the oldest child born to Silas and Kim Taylor; they had three other children.  Dallas had two older brothers and an older sister.  Dallas was the baby in the family.  Being the baby means that the other children have to watch and take care of the youngest from time to time.
Sometimes it seems as if time just flies by for humans.  We angels do not have the concept of time the way humans do.  One day is as a thousand years and a thousand years as a day to us.  Each and every day, I watched over the Taylors and kept them out of grave danger.  My enemy, which is also the enemy of God, was looking all over the earth for the person the Lord had chosen to find the Book of the Archangels.  
The Devil knew, once the Book of the Archangels was found, it would only be a matter of time before all of the other items would be found.  Clues to finding the Staff of Moses, a Key to unlock the hiding place of the Books of Understanding, and the most important clue about where to find the Tree of Life were waiting in the Book of the Archangels.
If a person was to find the clue to where the tree was and he was to eat of the fruit, he could become immortal.  Clues to the discovery of a map to King Solomon’s gold mines would be found.  These are only a few of the things that the Book of The Archangels tells about. 
The Devil had clues from the different books, known only to the Archangels, about a person that would become God’s chosen vessel and he would unlock the clues and find what the Devil had been looking for during almost thirty five hundred years.  The Devil wanted to find the Book of the Archangels.  The Devil had read, many thousands of years ago, in the Book of the Archangels, that a trumpet would sound in heaven and a special angel would be given the task of protecting the child that was just born.  This child would be called the Care Taker in heaven, and he would be called Dallas Taylor on earth.
The moment Dallas was born, the Devil had his demons record the exact second the trumpet sounded.  Even though the Devil is not all knowing like my God, he is very smart.  He knew if he knew the exact second of the birth of the Care Taker, he could kill all the babies in the world that were born within thirty seconds of that exact time.  By killing all of the babies, he would prevent the Care Taker from finding the Book of the Archangels and the other things that were needed for the true worship in the Tribulation Temple.
This time was similar to the time when Herod killed all the children from two years and younger in Bethlehem, which is recorded in Matthew 2:16.  The reason, the Devil killed all the children in Bethlehem, was to prevent the Savior from coming on the world scene and saving people from their sins.  The Devil failed then and he will fail this time, because the End Time Prophet must be born and he must grow up to fulfill what has been written about him and what he must do.  
When Dallas was born, the Devil had his demons start killing all of the children in the world that were born within thirty seconds of the exact second the trumpet sounded in heaven.  The nurse, who entered the time of Dallas' birth on the record book, had to find another black ink pen because the pen she had just ran out of ink.  There was one obstacle after another that the nurse ran into while trying to find a pen.  When she returned, instead of entering the exact time he was born, she entered the time when she returned.  The time difference was ninety seconds.  The demons missed killing Dallas by almost sixty seconds.
Two days in the hospital was all the time that Kim needed before she would leave with her new born son.  At home, Silas and Kim were excited about a new arrival just like the other children were excited about a new brother.  The excitement would last for about thirty days and then came the diapers and the feedings and the constant watching and caring for an infant.  All of that is what a human parent will do for their children.  That is the exact thing that we angels do for humans, also.  Even though we don’t change diapers or feed humans, we protect them from the fiery darts of the Devil and his demons.  Watching over the Taylor family would take all of my time.
As days and weeks came and went, Silas was fast at work.  He had to have a new sermon ready every Sunday morning and on Sunday night, if anyone showed up, he would have a word study ready or a study on one of the great themes or doctrines of the Bible.
When the winter months were over and the warm winds out of the south started to blow, it meant one thing and that was that the diggers would show up in Montana.  The archaeologists were what the local residents called diggers, who would dig all summer for dinosaur bones.  At least once or twice a month, on Mondays or Tuesdays, Silas would take the kids out to the diggings and watch with excitement as the diggers uncovered ancient bones.  Kim always prepared a lunch and now, with a new baby, her job was a little more difficult.
Some people enjoy taking their kids out to a park and play ball or badminton or a number of other things that humans think is fun.  Silas and Kim enjoyed the ride in the country and the lunch while they watched young and old people dig for bones.  The children really did like the drive and how meticulous each and every digger was when they would remove the dirt from what they thought was a bone.
I remember that first year in the life of Dallas.  It did not take long for the Devil to realize that he had been fooled by God once again.  He was so mad he could have killed everyone in the world if he had that kind of power.  He did not have that kind of power, but he did start two more wars among smaller countries in the world, which resulted in the deaths of two hundred and thirty thousand people.
One thing that Silas wanted for his children was that they would receive Christ at a young age and that the boys would want to become preachers.  He thought if he raised his boys the way they were supposed to be raised, they would love to become preachers.  Silas had a good idea, but God and Dallas had other ideas and you know when God makes up His mind there is no power on earth or in heaven that can change His mind.  Dallas had been chosen to be the Care Taker and that was that.
The second year in the life of Dallas was the most terrible year in all the years I protected Dallas and his family.  The Devil discovered, through careful study and through the process of elimination, that Dallas was the one the trumpet was sounded for and that he was going to be the Care Taker.  He also knew that an angel would be assigned to protect Dallas.  With the Devil being a fallen Archangel, he knew that the angel that was assigned to protect Dallas did not possess the same kind of power that he did.  He assumed that I would be easy to defeat.
One thing all angels in heaven know is that, if you need help, all you have to do is to ask and a legion of Archangels will come to your aid immediately.  When the Devil came at me, I called, and to my surprise, the greatest Archangels in heaven appeared and were ready for battle, if the Devil wanted it that way.  The Archangels that appeared on the scene were Azael, Raphael, Uriel, Gabriel, and the great protector of Israel, the Archangel Michael.
The battle that took place lasted off and on for a year and at the end of that year, God informed the Devil He was going to place his protective seal on Dallas and his immediate family.  God also informed the Devil that when Dallas started his own family when he got older, that family will have the seal of protection on them, also.  By having the protective seal, it meant that the Devil could not kill Dallas or anyone in his family.  The Devil did not care if he lost this battle, because he had lost many battles before.  He was more interested in winning the war; the war between good and evil.
Since the Devil could not prevent the Care Taker from finding the Book of the Archangels and the other things the Care Taker had to find, he decided to have his demons follow the Care Taker and destroy any and all of the things the Care Taker would find in caves or in locked chambers. He thought: God may be able to protect people with the seal, but He cannot protect the material things.  The material things that Dallas would find would have to be protected by Dallas and his family.  The material things were the things that would be needed for the End Times as the Devil saw it. So, those things were the essentials.
It was during Dallas’s tenth year of life that things made a complete turnaround.  The summer was very hot that year.  Silas took the children out to the diggings and, to the surprise of everyone, the professor in charge asked Dallas if he would like to help with a dig.  Dallas jumped at the chance to help dig up bones.  When the day was over, Dallas knew exactly what he wanted to do with his life.  He wanted to be an archaeologist.  At night, he would dream of digging up bones and he would dream about the adventures and the excitement he would have at finding things people have wondered about for thousands of years.  By the way, all of those realities came true when Dallas graduated from college.  
Being ten years old and having the time of your life is exciting to any kid, but to Dallas it was more than exciting, it was as if he was on a ship that was sailing around the world.  Each port the ship would stop at would be full of things to do and places to see.  There would also be the unknown.  What would it be like to find a whole dinosaur?  What was happening at the time of the death of the dinosaur?  How long had it been dead?  Question after question was asked by Dallas.  Each question became an adventure and a mystery.
The first year that Dallas helped with the digs was not what most people would call real work.  When Dallas and his family would take a picnic lunch out to the digs, the Professor would allow Dallas to help one of the diggers.  Dallas never really found anything of importance; it was just the way the Professor did things.  The Professor knew that most people fall in love with archaeology at a young age.  He always said the younger the better. 
The Professor had no way of knowing that Dallas would love archaeology and become one of the world’s greatest Paleontologists.  Not only would the world know about Dallas, but his family never thought for a minute that he would become the man that he became.
If Dallas’s family and the world would have known that he was the prophet of the End Times, they would have known the end was very close.  Most people, when you say the end is very close, they believe you are speaking about the end of the world.  The end is speaking about the end of this age or era.  This age or era is the time which is called the Age of Grace by preachers.  That age will be over when the rapture occurs.
Before the rapture occurs, the Care Taker has so many things he must do and so many things he must find that it would boggle most minds.  He also has to figure out what the clues mean.  He will find, when he grows up into a man, not only will he discover clues, but his entire family, his wife and three children, will be involved in archaeology, also.  His family will be with him when he makes some of the most exciting discoveries mankind has ever seen.
However, you know there will be difficult times ahead for Dallas and his family.  The Devil will have his demons watching every move Dallas and his family make.  He knows Dallas will make a mistake and when that time comes, he will make his move.  The way the Devil has everything planned out, things must go exactly right.  If they do go exactly the way he planned, he will be in total control of the world, once the next trumpet is sounded.
The Devil is also preparing the other two thirds of his unholy trinity for the time called the Tribulation.  They both are in the wings and they are waiting for the trumpet to blast that will call all the Christians home to Heaven.  Once the trumpet is sounded, that will be the call for the Antichrist and the False Prophet to make their appearance on planet Earth.  When they appear, people all over the world will be amazed at their intelligence and their brilliance.  The Antichrist will be more of a superman type of person, while the False Prophet will be more of a super J. Vernon McGee.
The world will want answers about the people who have disappeared and the only person that can answer all of those questions will be the Antichrist.  But, I must stop right there, because Dallas and his family are not on earth during the Tribulation; they have been raptured.  I get so excited about the things I am supposed to tell you that I forgot I cannot tell you about the Tribulation.


CHAPTER 4


DALLAS WAS so excited he could hardly speak.  He had asked Sherry to be his wife and she accepted without hesitation.  As you already know, Dallas was the baby in the family and he was the last to graduate from college and now he is the last of the children to get married.  Silas and Kim were happy that he had found someone that loved archaeology the same way Dallas loved it.
All through those first ten years of Dallas’s life, his father Silas had been preparing him for the ministry.  But the year that Dallas helped dig for bones was the year everything changed.  Dallas did love the Lord and he did believe the ministry was important, but it was not for him.  He had other things on his mind and digging for bones was first and foremost.
Every summer after that first summer, when he helped dig for bones, he would get a ride to the different digs and stay all day long.  When he was old enough to get his driver's license, he would use one of his parents' cars to go to the digs.  During those early years of digging for bones made it easy for him to get a job when he was able to drive.  He used some of that money to pay for gas, but he had put most of it back for college.
Dallas knew exactly what he wanted to be. He wanted to be an archaeologist.  He knew that God would provide the funds for everything; all he had to do was to pray and rely on God.  Dallas had no way of knowing how God was going to take care of the Care Taker.  The miracles and the things God would perform would have astonished anyone. 
During the years that Dallas was in high school and his years in college, he looked for and found all kinds of things to read pertaining to archaeology.  One book that made him think about different things was a book called The Book of The Prophets.  In this book, it told the story of some of the first prophets of Israel.  It did not tell about all of the prophets, only the prophets that hid things and left clues, so they could be found in the Last Days, or End Times.
In this book, it told about Moses and some of the things he did when he was on earth.  One thing he did was to turn his staff into a serpent.  The magicians of Pharaoh did the same thing with their staffs.  The Staff of Moses then turned and ate the other serpents.  The book told a story about the Staff of Moses.  It stated that, in the Last Days, a prophet by the name of the Care Taker would appear on earth and he would find the Staff of Moses.  The Staff of Moses is so powerful that if the Devil were to find it, he could turn the world upside down.
The more Dallas read, the more information he gathered on different things he needed to know about for the Last Days. When a person reads the book and they see the text is bold and underlined, it means that the Lord Jesus is speaking.  One chapter told about a book called the Book of the Archangels.  This book had information about clues and caves where items would be found in order for the Jews to worship the true God, during the Tribulation.  The Tribulation Temple had to be built and there had to be a dedication of the Temple and then the sacrifices could start with the true worship of God.  The things necessary for the dedication of the Temple are the Oil, the Purifying Water, and the Ashes of the Red Heifer.
In the Book of the Archangels, it gives clues which the Care Taker will have to figure out.  Each clue will lead the Care Taker to another clue and then the last clue will tell about a map where he can find the Staff of Moses.  With the Staff of Moses, the Care Taker will be able to open the Compartment of Paradise.  If you have not figured out why the Devil wants the Staff of Moses by this time, then I will leave you hanging because I will not tell you any more about the Staff of Moses until the Care Taker and his wife start to have their own children.
One last thought before I tell you more about Dallas:  While he was reading The Book of The Prophets, he turned to the last page of the book and on the inside cover was a small slit.  He ran his finger over the slit and he noticed it felt like a piece of paper was inside the cover.  He looked all around and when he saw that no one was looking, he pulled out his pocket knife and cut the back cover from side to side.  He pulled the cover back and reached in and pulled out a single piece of paper.
Dallas looked at the paper and, to his surprise, it was a map.  The map looked like it was very old and old it was.  The map had drawings of where certain things could be found.  The only problem Dallas had was the location of the map.  Was it in the United States or was it in the Middle East?  He put the map inside his binder so it would not be folded.  He then continued to read.
It was not an accident that Dallas just came upon The Book of The Prophets.  That book was written by the great Apostle Peter.  You may not know the story of Peter or how he died, so I am going to take a few minutes and tell you about Peter.
Peter was one of the Apostles of Christ and he was one who was on the Mount at His Transfiguration.  When the Lord started His ministry, the Devil did everything in his power to prevent Him from fulfilling His mission.  One of the first things the Lord did was to choose twelve men to be Apostles and to follow Him.  Peter did follow and he did many things that made people believe he was not saved.
Peter loved the Lord with all his heart, even when he denied Him.  It took a lot of changing for Peter to become the great Apostle that he became.  When Peter knew it was his time to die, he requested that he be crucified upside down.  He stated he was not worthy to be crucified like Christ.  His request was taken literally and that is the way Peter was martyred.
Two years before Peter died, he was informed by the Holy Spirit to write a book about some of the past prophets of Israel.  The book would tell about the prophets and things that they hid in caves and clues that a future prophet by the name of the Care Taker would find.  The future prophet would be meek and mild mannered, but he would be bold when it came to finding caves and hidden clues.
The most important clue the Care Taker would find in The Book of The Prophets would be the location of the Book of The Archangels.  The second most important clue the Care Taker would have to figure out, is the fact that he had been chosen by my God to be His instrument in the Last Days.  This clue will be right in front of the eyes of the Care Taker, but it will take him a while to see the clue and understand what his ministry is, in the Last Days.  To the surprise of Dallas, the clue will be uncovered by his daughter or I should say she will show him the clue that was in front of his own eyes.  He will think back how simple the clue was and wonder how he could not have seen it for all of those years.
Peter took a year and a half to write The Book of The Prophets.  He was informed the book must be finished in that time period, because he was going to be promoted to heaven six months after the book was finished.  Peter worked very hard to finish the book within that time period.  The last six months in the life of Peter were his greatest days as an Apostle.  He was bold when it came to preaching the Gospel and, knowing he could not be killed, he became very confrontational when he was talking with the Scribes, Pharisees, and Sadducees.
On page forty seven of The Book of The Prophets was the first clue that the Care Taker would have to figure out.  The paragraph starts out saying, 
“In the Last Days, a Great Prophet will be born. He will be called the Care Taker.  He will be the last prophet before My Coming at the Rapture.  He will open the Book of the Archangels and will keep My words so the enemy cannot read them and become wise with the reading.
The Last Days will be known by wars and rumors of wars. Nature will be an enemy of man as will the animals of the world.  The Last Days will be like the days of Noah; they were eating and drinking, marrying and given in marriage, until the day that Noah entered into the Ark.  
Know this, that in the Last Days, people will love the sin more than the creator.  In the last Days, A Layman-Like Apostle Shall appear, but he will not be an apostle, he will be like an Apostle.  He shall find hidden caves and be able to understand strange writings that will reveal to him important mysteries.  Think about the demons that will confront you and Think About Young Lords Or Rabbis that will try and kill you.  Be not afraid for I am with you Care Taker, until the trumpet blast.”  
When Dallas and Sherry were married, they rented a small two bedroom house on the outskirts of Butt.  Even though neither of them went to college in Montana, they both knew they had to be close to the diggings.  That first winter would be one they would remember forever.  Dallas worked cattle and Sherry worked in a craft store.  Montana was one of the foremost dig sites in the world for dinosaur bones.  Not only was Montana full of dinosaur bones, but it was the place where the Lord would perform miracle after miracle for Dallas.  
The first miracle God performed was when the Devil had a brilliant idea. During the second year Dallas and Sherry were working at a dig site, he thought about getting rid of the grant that Professor Stan Smith had written and received.  If the grant was taken away, it would mean that both Dallas and Sherry would have to find another job for the summer.
That first miracle that God performed was to change the grant from two hundred thousand dollars a year to four hundred thousand.  The Devil had his demons send fake papers to the procurator of the grant which showed that Professor Smith was using the funds for other than that which the grant had been set up for.  There was one document after another proving, beyond a shadow of a doubt, that the accusations were correct.  Once a meeting was called and all interested parties were summoned, there was one problem.  The Devil was smart, but he never thought for one moment that the procurator of the grant would call for a meeting between the accused and the accuser.  The accuser did not show up and the grant was doubled because of the time and the trouble Professor Smith went through and because it was obvious there was someone against him and his grant.
Dallas and Sherry were overjoyed when Professor Smith called, right after the meeting, to let them know the grant had been doubled.  One thing Professor Smith had not told Dallas or anyone else was that he had been planning on having someone work through the winter on paperwork for the coming summer months of digging.  Professor Smith had no idea how he was going to get more funding to keep someone on all winter.  He had been praying about it even though he was not a Christian.  Not being a Christian would change two years before his death.  When he did die, he was overwhelmed by the beauty and elegance of heaven.  
When Professor Smith made it back to Butt he called Dallas and told him he wanted to meet with him the next day at the trailer.  Dallas was excited about the meeting and what Professor Smith might say.  He was hoping that the Professor might say something about a new dig site and that he would be in charge.  If he was in charge, that would mean a pay raise; maybe a big pay raise.
All night, Dallas had different thoughts about the meeting and what he would say and what the Professor may say.  It was one thing after another until he figured he had better get to sleep; morning would be there before he knew it.
Both Dallas and Sherry were up at the usual time and out the door.  Every minute of sunlight meant that the small shovels had to be digging.  They could not waste a minute doing things other than digging.  At the dig, Sherry went over to where she had left off the day before and Dallas headed to the trailer.  Inside the trailer, Professor Smith explained what had happened in Washington and how a miracle had occurred with the grant being doubled.  Dallas agreed with the Professor that it was a miracle and that God was going to protect him and his family.  The Professor wanted to know what he meant by that statement and Dallas told him, before the day was over, he would explain it all to him.
After they both did a little chit chat, Professor Smith was ready to tell Dallas the rest of the story.  Dallas sat there and could not believe what the Professor was telling him about working all winter on paperwork for the coming summer.  He told about the accuser not showing up and out of the clear blue sky, the grant was doubled.  The way Dallas figured it, he and Sherry would be about to finish the rest of this summer on digs and then, the next two winters and the next two summers, they would be full time employees.
From time to time, Dallas loved to play practical jokes on Sherry.  Now was going to be one of those times which Dallas knew was the perfect time for a joke.  Dallas walked out of the trailer and headed for Sherry.  She too had wondered what was so important that the Professor would call and ask for a meeting at the trailer the next morning.  He could have waited until we arrived was her thinking.
When Dallas reached the dig where Sherry was, he had a long, drawn-out look on his face as if he had just lost his best friend.  Sherry had a number of things going through her mind and she could tell by his look, it was not good.  She thought for sure Dallas was going to say they had lost their jobs and this was going to be their last week or that they would not be called back when the summer dig was over.  She thought back to Dallas saying that the Professor said the grant had been doubled.  If the grant was doubled, then why would he have to fire them?
Dallas started to speak and to stammer and his words were not coming out of his mouth the right way.  He would not look Sherry in the eye, when he was speaking, which was a dead give away to Sherry that something was really wrong.  It was then that Sherry stopped Dallas in mid-sentence and told him to spit it out and stop hem-hawing around.
Dallas looked straight at Sherry and explained that Professor Smith needed two people to do the paperwork during the winter months so the diggings could get started on time for the coming summer months.  He stated the job would last for at least two full years.  Sherry did not think it was a very good joke, but she was excited that they would have full-time employment for the next two years.
Professor Smith came out of the trailer and asked if Dallas would like to ride into town with him and they could pick up lunch for the entire crew.  Professor Smith had only bought lunch one other time for the entire crew and that was when they discovered their first dinosaur.  That dinosaur is now in a Museum located in Bozeman.
Once in the car, Professor Smith stated that he really did not need any help with the lunch, but he decided it would be the best time for Dallas to explain what he meant by his statement earlier.  Dallas told the Professor that his father was a preacher and he was raised in a Christian home.  He knew that God was going to protect him and his family, because he had placed all of his faith in his Lord Jesus Christ.
Professor Smith said he had heard all of those things before and that he could never figure out how Christians could believe that one human man, Christ, could die for all of the sins of every person in the world; past, present, and future.  That was too farfetched to believe.
Dallas asked if the Professor believed in Heaven and Hell.  The Professor explained that he was not sure that either one of them existed or if they do exist, how could God send a person to Hell?  It was at that time that Dallas decided he had to start at the beginning and explain what it all means.
He explained that God came to earth in the form of a human man, the man Jesus Christ.  Christ did not have an earthly farther, which meant He did not have the sinful blood that all other men born on earth had.  If He did not have the sinful blood which other men have, then He would be the only person that could pay the penalty for all the sins all people would commit.  Dallas told Professor Smith what Christ stated in John chapter 3 about being Born Again.  At the end of their talk, Dallas said that if a person wants to live forever, the person MUST accept Christ as his or her personal Savior.  If they reject, they will go to Hell and be tormented for eternity.  By accepting, you are assured that, when you die, you will go to Heaven.  Dallas said, "If what I believe is a fairy tale, by accepting, you still have not lost a thing.  You are still the winner."  
Many, many times, Professor Smith would ask question after question about the Bible and different verses and what they meant.  Each time, Dallas had the correct answer and, each time, Dallas asked if he would like to accept before it was eternally too late.  On one of the hottest days in the summer, two years before Professor Smith would die, he accepted Christ in that small trailer on another dig site.  Before the day was out, he told Dallas what he had done and stated that he did not know why he put it off for so long.  Dallas knew why he put it off, but he never told the Professor; it was the workings of the Devil.  The Devil was hoping the old Professor would die before he would accept.  If he had not accepted, he would not have gone to heaven when he died.  After telling Dallas what he had done, he got in his car and drove back to his air conditioned office at the university.  
It did not take long for the hot summer months to turn into the cool fall months and then came the cold winter.  That winter was going to change Dallas and Sherry and it was going to add a new human into the Taylor family.  Yes, Sherry was going to have a baby.  She thought for sure she would have the baby at the end of August.  She was almost correct. The new baby came into the world on September the first.  It was a boy and they named him Winston.  Winston was only the first of three children Dallas and Sherry would have.
Even though Dallas was working full time, he still had to make time for his master's degree.  If he wanted to be the best in his field, he had to get a master's degree and then he could think about his PhD.  At every corner, the Devil had his demons throwing stumbling blocks at Dallas.  But, do you know who was always there to throw Dallas a helping hand?  I did things for Dallas that most humans would never receive.  However, you must remember that the Devil wanted to stop Dallas and anything that he did.  He knew sooner or later that Dallas would read the clue about the Book of Archangels and discover where it could be found.
Dallas could go to the nearest library and read a copy of the Book of The Prophets that was on a fiche machine, but he was wanting his own copy.  He tried to find a printed copy, but it seemed as if there was no printing company that was still printing the book.  After contacting a friend in the printing business, he was told there was no demand for that book.  It was at that time another miracle would be performed.  One day, in the mail, Dallas received a package and inside was a perfect copy of the Book of The Prophets.  There was no return address on the package and there was no note or letter inside the package.  
That night, Dallas sat down to read the book and to his amazement, as he read, he noticed that whoever owned the book before him had highlighted all of the important sentences.  One important paragraph stated that the prophet, by the name of the Care Taker, would find another clue in a cave in Megiddo that would tell him where the Book of The Archangels would be located. 
Dallas made a mental note of the page and about the clue and he was also thinking about the Middle East.  How could he get there with him and Sherry just starting a family and how many more children would they have before they said that is enough?  He knew he had to get his master's degree and his doctorate before he went to the Middle East.  Things would have to wait and, if that meant many years, that is how it would have to be.  He decided, before he went to sleep that night, he would finished the first fifty pages of the book.
Page after page gave Dallas new ideas and a new concept for finding the clues and the Book of The Archangels.  When he reached page forty seven, he noticed that a large amount of the page was highlighted.  Dallas had read this clue once before, but the problem was that he did not understand it then and he did not understand it now.
He read it once and then twice; before long he had read it for the tenth time.  He knew there was something in this clue that would lead him to a find, but what was it?  The more he looked at the writing, the more he knew he was very close in discovering a very important find, but where was it?  He decided he would read it one last time before he went to sleep, maybe something would jump out at him and he would figure out what the secret would be?
“In the Last Days a Great Prophet will be born, he will be called the Care Taker.  He will be the last prophet before My Coming at the Rapture.  He will open the Book of the Archangels and will keep My words so the enemy cannot read them and become wise with the reading.
The Last Days will be known by wars and rumors of wars. Nature will be an enemy of man as will the animals of the world.  The Last Days will be like the days of Noah, they were eating and drinking, marrying and given in marriage, until the day that Noah entered into the Ark.  
Know this, that in the Last Days, people will love the sin more than the creator.  In the last Days, A Layman-Like Apostle Shall appear, but he will not be an apostle, he will be like an Apostle.  He shall find hidden caves and be able to understand strange writings that will reveal to him important mysteries.  Think about the demons that will confront you and Think About Young Lords Or Rabbis that will try and kill you.  Be not afraid for your life, for I am with you, Care Taker, until the trumpet blast.”


CHAPTER 5


SHERRY HAD a smile on her face that meant only one thing, she was pregnant.  She decided she would not say anything to Dallas, she would just wait and see if he would notice any change in her.  She thought about the joke he played on her when he and Professor Smith met inside the trailer last summer.  When he left and walked to where she was digging, he looked as if he had lost his last friend.  Sherry thought for sure they had lost their jobs.  However, he was only playing a joke on her.  Now it was her time to play a joke on him.
Let me back up one whole day so you will know what did happen to Sherry.  Every morning, Dallas was up early and out the door so he could be the first person on the dig site.  This site was about three miles from the site the summer before.  That site only reaped a few bones and as far as a major find, it never did happen.  
Sherry would get up later because Winston, their baby boy, was sleeping a little longer each and every day.  At seven, Winston was usually awake and ready to get out of his crib.  Sherry would get him dressed and feed him and then it was off to the babysitter.  Once she left him with the baby sitter, she would head to the dig.  This morning was going to be different.  Sherry knew she was probably pregnant because she missed her last period.  She also had that feeling that all human females have when they know something has changed.  The first thing they do is to call the doctor for an appointment.
The call to the doctor was a normal call; the nurse asked if there was a problem and Sherry stated that she thought she was pregnant.  The nurse told Sherry that one of the appointments for the next morning had called in and had to change the day to the following week.  The nurse asked if Sherry could come in the next day and she was thrilled she would not have to wait two or three weeks.
When Sherry arrived at the dig site, she did not say anything to Dallas about the appointment the next day.  The appointment was for eight in the morning and that time period worked out just fine.  All day long, Dallas asked Sherry if she was okay and if she felt good.  Each time he asked, Sherry replied with the same answer, "I feel just fine."  After the fifth time, she asked, "Why do you keep asking how I feel?"  He stated that she seemed different and she was acting different.  "Different, like how?" was her question to Dallas.  
"I don’t know. You have a glow or a different look.  It is the same way you looked when you were pregnant with Winston."  
It was as if a light turned on in the mind of Dallas.  He looked at her and asked a very simple question, "Are you pregnant?"  
She smiled with that cat-like smile she would give him from time to time, which meant maybe or maybe not.  Sherry then answered and said that the doctor had not said anything about being pregnant.  She then turned and, with a little giggle, she resumed her digging.  Dallas just stood there and was wondering what that little giggle was for.
That night, Dallas and Sherry sat and talked about different subjects and then Dallas brought up the idea of going to the Middle East.  Sherry did not want to act too excited about digging where the history of the world began.  She was just like Dallas when it came to history and digging where the Bible told so much about the ancient of days.  It was almost more than she could take.  She gave Dallas that smile once again that meant the same thing earlier that morning, maybe or maybe not.
The next morning was going to be totally different than any other morning, except for that day when she went to the doctor almost two years ago and he told her she was pregnant.  At the doctor’s office, she watched as each patient went through the door so they could talk with the doctor.  When it came time for Sherry to see the doctor, she was even more excited this time than last time.  This time, she knew what to expect and what would happen when a new life decided to come into the world.
She thought back to the excitement of having a baby and the unknown of what to expect each day the baby was inside of her.  She knew what her mother had told her and what her friends had said about having a baby, but until a woman experiences it for herself, there is always the mystery of the unknown or the what ifs.
There would be no mystery this time. She knew what was going to happen and she knew what to expect each day.  She knew there would be pain, but that pain would go away and then there would be that first moment when you see a new life.  That new life was what had Sherry so excited.  She knew it was a gift from my God to a man and a woman that followed the leading of the Lord.  Plus, it is one way that God can show His love for mankind.  He can give them something that should make them think of God all the time.  Each and every day, they awake and they look at their children, their first thoughts should be toward God.  
I know and God knows that most humans never look at their children that way, but that is the way God put things in motion when Adam and Eve had their first child, Cain.  When I say most humans, what I mean is that the unsaved don’t think about the miracle God performed when it comes to a new life.  However, some unsaved humans think about God and then they begin to search and when they search, God will give them a little light.  With that little light, they search more and more and before long, God will put a person in their lives and that person will lead them to the Lord.  They will accept Christ as their personal Savior and they will live for Christ for the rest of their lives.  Just think; it all started out with a new born baby.
Sometimes it does not happen that way.  It may not be a new born baby.  It may be an accident or something that someone said that would stir the thoughts of an unsaved human.  Many times a person will be in an accident and they will pray to God and say they will do anything, if God will save them.  God hears that prayer and restores them to health.  Some of the people that prayed that prayer do exactly what they said.  They will start going to a church that believes the Bible and they will hear about Christ going to the cross just for them.  Christ died for their sins and if they want eternal life, they must accept Him as their personal Savior.
One thing all of those humans that accept Christ understand is that they are not sinless.  They will still sin, but when God sees them, they are white as snow.  Humans are not like us angels.  We have never sinned and I do not know what a sin feels like.  We are not like the angels that fell with the Devil.  They fell because they were like their father the Devil.  The Devil wants to be worshipped as God and he loves the idea of the power that he has.  He is only a short time from going to that place where he will spend eternity. 
Also, sometimes a human may say something like, “Look at all of the stars in Heaven, I wonder how many are there?”  Just a sentence or a statement may start a person thinking about the things that God has created.  Once they think about it, they will then start to search for the answers and that is when God will give them an answer and then another answer and, before very long, they will see that they are a sinner.  They will either accept or reject Christ.  Those that reject will regret that decision for eternity.
After the examination, the doctor told Sherry she was pregnant and that she could expect the baby sometime around the first of November.  If the baby arrived about that time, it would mean the digs were over for the winter and she could spend most of her time with the new born.  She also wanted to breast feed the baby the first three to six months; the same way she did Winston when he was born.
The drive to the dig took forty five minutes and, all the way, Sherry was thinking how she would tell Dallas.  She wanted it to be a big surprise, but she had to think of a way so she could play a joke on him.  She had not told Dallas about the doctor’s appointment, but she knew as soon as he saw the bill from the doctor, he would start thinking about the reason.  She could say it was just her normal time to see the doctor, but that would be a lie.  She wanted to play a joke on him, but not with lies.
Once she was at the dig, she looked for something that she could use to tell Dallas she was pregnant.  Nothing she did would work or she thought it wouldn't work.  With the warm wind from the south blowing, it made her think how she told Dallas the first time she was going to have a baby.  After the dig, they went home and after eating supper, she sat down on the couch and pulled her blouse up and stuck her stomach up so it looked bigger than it really was and then she patted it and said, “I am totally full!”  When Dallas saw her expanded stomach, his eyes got as big as saucers, and he asked, "Are you pregnant?"  
With that glow in her eyes, that all women have when they are going to have a baby, Sherry said, "Yes, we are going to have a baby."  She now knew how she would tell Dallas about their second child.
Week after week went by until it was time for Sherry to go to the hospital so she could deliver her second child.  This delivery was so smooth she thought it was a breeze.  When asked about the name of the new baby boy, Sherry and Dallas told the nurse he would be called Shawn.  Shawn would be fourteen months younger than his older brother Winston.
After two days in the hospital, Sherry was at home with her new born.  Things settled in very quickly for Shawn and for Sherry.  One night while Sherry was holding Shawn, she asked Dallas about digging in the Middle East once again.  He thought back to what they talked about before and then he thought about the Book of The Prophets.  With all of the excitement, he had totally forgotten about that book and all of the clues and other things he could find in the book.  He decided he would read one or two chapters every night before he went to bed.
That night, Dallas read the first two chapters and to his own surprise, there was a reference that he had missed before about a clue that he would find on page one hundred and eighty eight.  He immediately went to that page and read the highlighted parts.  The highlighted part stated, “Can a leopard change his spots or a serpent change his bite?  Can a murderer bring back the dead or an ant survive when he played the fool all summer long? Can A Vile Erratic morbid Individual Need what the unclean can give?   The answer is No.  The more a person will try the More Efforts Give Individual Deeds Done On an unrighteous path, that person will die.”
In the next paragraph there was another clue it read, “When you search for the book look to the sun over the Peak of the Bird’s Nest.  Measure from the cross, one hundred cubits to the smooth rock formation.  Go south fifty cubits from the smooth rock formation to the entrance.  Inside the entrance you will find a stone wall.  Two cubits high, three cubits from the right wall a hollow rock will be found.  Remove the rock and you will find the book.”
Dallas was so excited he could not think of anything else but the cave and the entrance.  The very thought of finding a cave with the things he had read about was more exciting than finding the whole skeletal remains of a dinosaur.  But, Dallas had to come down to earth.  He had a wife and one child one year old and one new born.  He was on his last stretch of his MA and then there would be his Doctorate.  He decided the book and the clues would have to wait, but he could keep reading and write down clue after clue.
Dallas was becoming quite an archaeologist in the field of Archaeology.  The year that Shawn was born, Dallas unearthed one of the greatest finds in the Montana River Basin.  He, along with Professor Smith, found a young Tyrannosaurus Rex.  It was the first time a whole young T Rex had been unearthed.  With his fame came an extension to the grant Professor Smith received the year before.  The extension would be for an additional three years.  With an extension, Dallas would be able to get his Doctorate before a move to the Middle East.
One night while Dallas and Sherry talked, about a move in three or four years to the Middle East, the subject finally started about another baby.  Dallas stated that he would like to have one more baby and then call it quits.  Sherry did agree and she had been praying that the next child would be a girl.  She had already picked out a name and she asked Dallas what he thought about the name Rebekah.  Dallas liked the name and asked if she was pregnant once again and if she was going to play another joke on him.  She stated there is no joking this time, she was not pregnant.
Time rushed by for both Dallas and Sherry.  It was also rushing by for their two boys.  Winston was two years old and Shawn was ten months old.  Sherry had missed her last two periods and she knew she was pregnant once again.  At the doctor’s office, he told her she could give birth in six to seven months.  This time he wasn’t sure of the time like he was the other two times.
Dallas only had a few years remaining on his doctorates study and then people could call him Dr. Taylor.  The Devil on the other hand was doing everything in his power to make Dallas fail at everything he was doing.  He would have blatant errors appear on papers Dallas was working on.  Each and every error I corrected before the paper went to the Professor that was working with Dallas.  The Professor stated time and time again it was the best paper he had ever read on the subject Dallas had chosen. 
The Devil threw everything he could at Dallas and his family, including the kitchen sink, as you humans put it.  If the Lord had not commanded me to protect Dallas and his family, he would have been defeated.  The same way the Devil was working against Dallas is the way he works against Israel.  
The Archangel Michael has a bigger job than I have.  He has to protect Israel at all times.  Many times, Michael had to call for help the way I did a number of years ago, when the Devil thought I would be easy to defeat.  I called and a legion of Archangels appeared and helped me with the Devil.  
When Israel first became a nation in 1948 after being in foreign lands for over two thousand years, Michael had to call for two legends of regular angels to come and help.  The Devil thought for sure he would keep Israel from becoming a nation, because the Arab nations had Israel outnumbered a hundred to one.  It was then that God performed one miracle after another.  Those miracles made Israel into a nation for the Jews.
There were two other wars when Michael had to call for help and each time, Israel won the war.  One of those wars would have been a disaster for Israel, if they had not found out the plan. That war was called the Six Day War.  Michael needed a little help in that war and that is when he called for it.  In that war, Israel knew beyond a shadow of a doubt that the Arab countries were going to attack.  Before they could launch their attack, Israel struck first.  With the help of the angels and the expert training of the Israeli Army, they defeated the Arabs at every key position.
Michael is an opponent I would not want to face.  His power is great and, if he needs help, he can call for regular angels or he can call for the Archangels.  God has a whole legend of Archangels He can call if He wants them.  Michael had never had to call for help from the Archangels, he always used the regular angels.  It makes me and the other angels feel good when Michael calls.  I also believe that God has a smile when Michael calls for the regular angels.
Like I stated earlier, Dallas decided he would read one or two chapters out of the Book of The Prophets before he went to sleep every night.  As he read, he would write things down in a ledger he was keeping.  On page two hundred twenty five, the book told about a treasure that would make Israel the richest country in the world.  The highlighted paragraph read, “The king of wisdom Shall Open Labyrinths Of Money On Never Seen caves before.  When you enter watch your step, Go On Looking Down at each and every step you take.  The wisdom is to know that the Mineral Is Naturally Erased when it is spent on foolishness.”  What could this clue mean and what would he find once he made it to the Middle East?
Four paragraphs further down, there was yet another clue.  This clue began by saying, “Here is wisdom: the Care Taker will give the riches to Israel.  The treasure along with the oil will make Israel into a cup of trembling in the Last Days.  The oil can be found in A Simple Hedge Either Rotten or alive alongside the road.  The oil is twelve furlongs west of the mouth of the Chilazon Creek at Neiel.  Dig at the Hedge, you will find wealth.”  Dallas now had a real mystery that he could figure out without going to the Middle East.  All he had to do was to look in an encyclopedia at the library or on line and find Neiel or the Chilazon Creek.
The next day, Dallas was hoping it would not snow; sometimes it did snow early in the year. Even though snow in mid September did occur, it did not this year.  At the library, Dallas had a hard time finding anything on a place called the Chilazon Creek.  He assumed it was in Israel because the Book of The Prophets said it was in Israel.  He then pulled out what he had written down on a piece of paper and it said the riches would be given to Israel.  Nowhere did it say it was in Israel.  He decided to keep looking for a place called the Chilazon Creek, in Israel.
As you might know, I had to help Dallas find what he was looking for.  I asked my God if I could put a thought in his mind and I was given permission.  Before I go any further, I must state that angels cannot go beyond a certain point with a human.  We cannot appear on earth in front of a human unless we are given permission from God.  We cannot intervene when humans are on the verge of killing one another.  We cannot change history that has already been written.  This is a mystery to us angels as it is to humans.  
God knows what is going to happen in the future with each and every human that has ever been born on earth.  He knows the history, but we angels do not. That is why we have to ask permission.  Let me say one last thing before I continue.  We angels are just like you humans.  We have a will, just like you have a will.  We can do whatever we want, just like you can do whatever you want.  As you humans put it, we are not robots.  Many thousands of years ago, one third of the angels decided to have their will and they rebelled against God.  That was a very bad mistake.  They could have chosen, just like I chose, not to rebel.  They did not know their own future, but God did.
After I received permission from God to help Dallas, I made sure the encyclopedia that had the information Dallas needed was pulled out of the shelf just a little.  Dallas walked back to the isle he had taken the book from and he notice the other encyclopedia was sticking out about two inches.  He thought that maybe that book would have what he needed.  He reached for it and looked inside.  He then walked back to the place he was sitting and began to read.
Dallas found what he was looking for; he found that the name Chilazon Creek was first known as the Hilazon Creek and it was on the north side of the lower Galilee.  It also told him of the town by the name of Neiel.  Neiel was a town that was destroyed about twenty seven hundred years ago and it was never rebuilt.  The ancient ruins still exist to this day.  It is a tourist site when humans visit Israel.
What Dallas had to do now was to find a detailed map of that area where the Hilazon Creek first started.  It had to be at the town of Neiel.  This search would take a little longer than what Dallas had figured on.  As a matter of fact, it would take ten years.  I know you may be wondering why it would take so long, so I will explain.
First, Dallas still had to finish his work for his doctorate.  Plus, there were a number of things God wanted to do in order to prepare Dallas and his family for the move to the Middle East.  
The second thing that had to happen was that Dallas had to find the Book of The Archangels.  That book had many clues that would help Dallas find the things that God wanted to be found.
Third, God did not want the cave that contained the treasures to be found or the place where men would have to dig to find oil.  Those things would be found just before the rapture.  Those are the things that would make Israel the richest country in the world.  Those are also the things that would make Israel a cup of trembling in the Last Days.  If all of those things were to happen five or ten years before the rapture, it would change the way the countries of the world would look at Israel.
Fourth is probably the most important clue of all.  Dallas had to know, beyond of a shadow of a doubt, that he was the Care Taker.  By knowing that, he would have to realize that he is the one the Book of The Prophets calls the last prophet before the rapture. 


CHAPTER 6


HAVING A family is one thing that separates humans from angels. There are other things that are different, but what I want to show is how unique you are to God.
Did you know that I will never know what it is to feel the love of a mother or a father?  I know humans will say I have the love of God, which is true, but to have a created being formed by the love of two individuals is something so unique, it is hard to put into words a human could understand.  Also, the idea of marriage is something I will never know.  The relationship a man has with a woman and the idea of living for forty, fifty or sixty years together is beyond my comprehension.    The Bible says it best in Matthew 22:30.  The Sadducees were questioning our Lord and they asked a question about marriage.  
Starting with the Word in verse 24 - Saying, Master, Moses said, If a man die, having no children, his brother shall marry his wife, and raise up seed unto his brother.  Now there were with us seven brethren; and the first, when he had married a wife, died and, having no issue, left his wife unto his brother; Likewise the second also, and the third, unto the seventh.  And last the woman died also.  Therefore, in the resurrection whose wife shall she be of the seven?  For they all had her.  Jesus answered and said unto them, Ye do err, not knowing the scriptures, nor the power of God.  For in the resurrection they neither marry, nor are given in marriage, but are like the angels of God in heaven.
In heaven we angels are neither male nor female.  We do not marry and we do not have baby angels.  I know that humans will say that we are the ones that are unique.  The human mind is limited until you die and then you receive your glorified body.  At that time, your mind is changed so you can understand the things of God.
Even though we angels do think of how unique humans are and how it is that they are so much different than angels, we angels do wonder about the things that separate us from you.  
Humans sin all the time.  We angels, who are not fallen, have never sinned.  We do not know what sin feels like and it is best if we don’t.  With sin comes the temptation that humans have to go through all the time.  If we were like humans and we were tempted like humans are tempted, we would give into the temptation just like humans give in.  
With all humans, there is a desire to do good and a desire to do evil.  Humans call that thing a conscience.  All humans, regardless of what human experts say, have a conscience.  The conscience is something God put into every human so they would know the difference between right and wrong or between good and evil.  When a person appears at the Great White Throne Judgment, just before they are cast into Hell, they will see their entire life played back to them.  It is their conscience that will be a witness against them.
It amazes me when I think about humans.  As each century passes, humans believe they are becoming smarter and smarter.  Their experts are now saying that a human is born in certain ways.  Some are born to be killers, while others are born to be preachers.  Each human is born with that conscience of knowing right from wrong.  It is their choice which direction they go; they cannot blame others.  Even at the Great White Throne Judgment, they will not be able to blame others.  Their conscience will show the hardness of a human heart.
Like I said, having a baby is unique to humans.  Sherry was now on the verge of having her third baby.  She had been praying for the last six months that the Lord would give her a baby girl and, on March 2, her prayer was answered.  The nurse did the same thing she did when Shawn arrived; she asked what the baby would be named.  Both Sherry and Dallas said she would be named Rebekah.
The very same thing happened this time as it did when Sherry had Shawn.  She was in the hospital for two days and then it was going home time.  At the house, Dallas had to make some changes.  The first thing he did was to buy a bunk-bed so the boys would not have to share a bed.  The new arrival would be in the baby bed for the first two years.  After that, Dallas and Sherry would be in a new home, with acres for a horse and other animals.
One difference with Rebekah compared to the two boys was their time of birth.  With Winston and Shawn, they were born just before winter.  Rebekah was born almost right after winter.  One must remember winter will last until mid April and sometimes way into May, in Montana.  Sherry still had plenty of time for Rebekah before the summer digs would start up again.  
This summer was going to be totally different for Sherry.  Professor Smith wanted to get things arranged so he could log everything in a systematic order so he could transfer the records to his new office at the university.  Professor Smith had decided to accept a new position at the university, instead of digging for bones.
Dallas and Sherry were surprised by the decision, but Professor Smith said it was time to go.  He was getting to old to be digging while he had an expert working on his team.  Professor Smith then informed Dallas that he would be promoted to his position.  This promotion would include a very large pay raise and it would put him in a position of importance.  If he accepted the new job, he could finish his doctorate within the next year.  Things would speed up so he could be called Professor Taylor.
The way things were working out for the Taylors; one might think that there was someone guiding each and every step that Dallas and his family were taking.  But then, you already know that God was directing each step, because things had to go a certain way so Dallas could understand who he would be, when the puzzle pieces started to fit together.
After telling Dallas about his new position, Professor Smith told Sherry about her new job.  She would be similar to his secretary.  She would be responsible for the records going from the trailer to his new office.  He also saved the best for last.  The new position would include a very large pay raise.  As a matter of fact, it was almost as much as the pay raise Dallas was going to receive.
Everything was working out the way it was planned.  These new positions would keep Dallas and Sherry in Montana for the next four years.  After those four years, Dallas and the entire family could move to the Middle East.  Once in the Middle East, things would never be the same again.  But Dallas and the family must get through the next four years.  Things were going to happen that would jeopardize the life of Dallas and the rest of his family.
The Devil knew each day Dallas' family was alive, it was one less day that he would have to find the Book of The Archangels.  The Devil had his demons watched everything that Dallas was doing and watching every place he would go.  Just like Sherry was getting the records organized for Professor Smith, the Devil was keeping records on Dallas.
Let me say, at this time, neither the Devil nor the demons could get closer than twenty feet from Dallas or his family.  This was because of the seal on Dallas and his family.  This boundary would also include his home.  The Devil and his demons were not allowed to go into their home.  The Devil and his demons were forbidden to hear any of the conversations that Dallas and Sherry would have at the house.  At the work site and at other places, the demons could listen to what was being said.  
I was instructed about the conversations Dallas and Sherry would have in public.  If they said anything the demons could use to find or figure out a clue, I would have someone come and interrupt them in mid-sentence.  Once the conversation started again, they would forget what they were talking about.  This plan of God’s worked to perfection.
God has a reason for everything He does.  It will be the same when the two prophets of God show up in the middle of the tribulation.  They will have the seal of God on them and neither the Devil nor his demons will be able to kill them during the 1260 days their ministry will last.  When their ministry is over, the Devil will kill the two prophets.
With the seal around Dallas, he could do things that the demons could not know about.  When Dallas went to the library and read in the Book of The Prophets about the things that were going to happen, the demons did not know what page he was reading from or why he was reading from that book.
Also, when Dallas received his own copy of the book and he noticed that certain paragraphs were high-lighted, the demons were not allowed in his home, so they did not know what he was reading.  If the demons would have known how important that book was, they would have stolen it when it was in the mail.  Like I have said before, the Devil is not all knowing and he does not have the power to look into things such as boxes or envelopes.  He or his demons, literally, have to open them to see what is inside.
Just to throw the demons off course, God put the thought in the mind of Dallas to look at any book that he was interested in.  The moment Dallas walked into the library, it was like a small boy going into a candy store.  He looked all around and was thrilled to see all of the books.  God knew that when Dallas was at the library, he would see a book that he had read in high school and pick it up and sort through the pages.  One such book was a copy of The Mystery of the Dark Horse.  This book was five hundred and twelve pages long.  It covered the time of Alexander the Great.  As Dallas read different pages of the book, he would write down page numbers. The demons thought for sure this book would have clues about the hiding place of the Book of The Archangels.  The Devil commanded that his demons read each and every page of that book and write down any and all clues they found.  They never found any clue that would help the Devil find the book.
In case the demons did not have enough to do, before Dallas left the library, he went from one shelf to another and sat and read from eight other books.  When the Devil was informed by his demons what Dallas had done, the Devil knew for sure that Dallas had figured out some of the clues and he was now on the verge of finding the Book of The Archangels.  The Devil commanded that the demons read completely through all of those books and write down anything that looked like a clue.  The result was the same with those eight books as it was when Dallas had read the book about Alexander the Great.
When the demons started to read the encyclopedia, they had no idea what they were getting into.  The demons were frustrated and mad.  If they knew that Dallas liked to read, and I mean read anything, they would have stopped reading and looking in all of those books, because none of them had any clues.
The way God had Peter write the Book of The Prophets left humans wondering about the things that were written.  Even when Dallas received his own copy with the clues highlighted, he did not know what they meant.  It is the same for non-believers.  When they read the Bible, it is foolishness to them.  But, when a born again or saved human reads the Bible, it makes perfect sense.  A believer loves the Word and the unsaved hates the Word.  
When Dallas left the library to head home, he had no idea what lay ahead for him.  One mile out of town, a semi-truck had slid off the road and was stuck in the ditch.  The truck driver used his CB radio and called for help.  A tow truck was sent to pull the semi out of the ditch.  The tow truck had just left another job and was heading toward the semi when his brakes went out.  The Devil had his brakes go out when Dallas was going through a green light.  The tow truck hit the side of the car that Dallas was driving and, if it had been anyone else, they would have been killed.
The wreck completely totaled Dallas’s car, but Dallas was not injured at all.  The police said it was a miracle that he walked away from that wreck without any injuries.  It was a miracle and it would not be the last miracle for the Taylor family.
The main reason the wreck occurred was because the Devil commanded his demons to watch for any way they could have an accident happen that would take the life of Dallas or his family.  Another reason the accident occurred was because of something that would happen when Dallas would be digging at a new site.  
Looking into the future God, knows what is going to happen.  He informed me that Dallas would go to a new dig site during the summer and he would get stuck.  The new dig would be in a dried up creek bed that had very steep sides.  Dallas had never worried about getting stuck before because he knew he could walk out and get help.  This was going to be totally different.
At the new site, Dallas would start his dig just like he started every dig.  He would look at the rock formation and then determine where to start digging.  This site was chosen the summer before and Dallas had a pretty good idea where he wanted to start digging.  But things do change during the winter.  When Dallas looked the site over just before he started to dig, he knew he would change his mind.  
The first place he started digging was a terrible decision. For three hours, he had found nothing.  He put everything back in his car and was going to move a little further down the creek. When he started to pull out, his car would not move.  He opened the door and looked at the rear of his car; he was stuck.  The one place that had sand instead of solid dirt was where he stopped.
Dallas knew he was in a situation that he did not want to be in.  He knew the dirt road he was on was about five miles to the State Highway.  He also knew it would take him over an hour to walk to the highway.  He decided he would continue to dig and, then around two, he would start his walk.
The weather was warm and sultry; it felt like it could rain just any moment.  Dallas was right about the rain.  Six miles upstream it rained so hard the creek could hardly contain the water.  While Dallas went back to digging, he thought he heard thunder off in the distance.  He looked all around, but he did not see any lightning flashes.  He continued to dig and he continued to hear what he thought was thunder.  Dallas looked to the north and realized it was a flash flood.  He attempted to climb out of the creek, but the water was moving so fast it overtook Dallas and he was swept away.  However, the Devil's plan did not work.
The Devil cannot perform miracles the way God can perform them, but the Devil can change some things to suit his fancy.  When Dallas pulled up, the dirt was not solid under his car.  The Devil had his demons to move some rocks and brush so Dallas would have to park where he did.  Humans are funny in the way they think.  They will park their car so they will not have to carry things very far.  
The summer before, the demons followed Dallas to the new site and they told the Devil what Dallas had decided.  The Devil was one step ahead of Dallas.  He knew Dallas would travel to the new site that day because he had told Sherry and a number of the diggers about his plan.  The Devil had plenty of time to get things ready when Dallas arrived.
The plan would have worked to perfection for the Devil IF Dallas had not had that wreck with the semi.  The wreck changed everything.  The first thing that changed was the car.  The car, like I said, was completely totaled out.  The insurance company for the tow truck would cover the value of the car.  Even though Dallas was not hurt, he did have a lot of bruises and bumps.  He was given a doctors statement that said he could not work for two weeks.  The reason for the statement was because of his back.  He pulled or strained one or two muscles.
The insurance company knew they were going to pay thousands for the minor injuries so they worked out a deal with Dallas.  They told Dallas if he would not sue he could pick out any car or pick-up and they would give it to him.  Dallas jumped on that idea because he always wanted a four wheel drive pick-up truck.  The deal was worked out and they gave him the truck he picked out.
Like I said before, we know what would have happen to Dallas, if he had not had the wreck with the tow truck.  Dallas would have died in the flash flood and what was written in the Book of The Prophets would have been a lie.  The Holy Spirit is the One that directed Peter when he wrote the book.  God, Jesus, and the Holy Spirit do not lie; they are sinless and they are HOLY!
If we now go back to the day Dallas drove to the new dig site I will explain what really did happen.  Dallas saw the rocks and the brush the demons had placed on the left side of the creek.  They knew Dallas would want to park where it would be easy for him to get the tools for digging.  However, because Dallas had a four wheel drive, he could put the transmission in all four wheels and go any place that he wanted.  That is the exact thing that he did.
Dallas drove way past the place where he would be digging.  He was always told to have an escape route no matter where you go.  He put the truck in four wheel drive and did a u-turn.  He then drove back to where he was going to dig.  Dallas noticed the more he dug the hotter it was getting.  The humidity was so high you could cut it with a knife.  
Off in the distance Dallas could hear what he thought was thunder, but it had a different sound.  The more Dallas dug the more he thought about that sound.  It was then that it hit him just like the tow truck had hit his car.  He knew exactly what that noise was and it was not thunder.  It was the roar of a flash flood.  He threw everything in the back of his truck as fast as he could.  He jumped inside and took off like the Devil was after him.  As a matter of fact, the Devil was after him and, if that flood water would have caught up with Dallas, the plan the Devil worked out would have ended the life of Dallas Taylor.
When Dallas reached the end of the steep sides of the creek, he knew he was safe.  The flood waters would fill the plain between there and the State Highway.  Dallas also learned a lesson that he would share with others.  You should always have a plan of escape before you are in situation that you cannot get out of.
The Devil sometimes is just too smart for his own good.  If he had not had a plan to take the life of Dallas with the wreck, his plan for the flash flood may have worked, except for one thing.  Like I said before, God is all knowing and He knows exactly what is going to happen.  If the Devil changed his plans, God would know how things would occur with the new plan.  The Devil did change his plan and God used it for His good.
After the wreck with the tow truck, Dallas called Sherry and told her what had happened and that he was all right.  Sherry, in the back of her mind, knew it was the Devil that was trying to stop Dallas from becoming one of the most important archaeologist in the world.


~~~~~~~~~~~~~~


About the author:

L.C. Walker thought about writing in 1970, but other things kept him from doing so. In 1979, he had the desire to write again, but Bible College kept him from that dream. In 1997, he wanted to share what the Bible had to say about the end times, so he began his first novel. He completed The Past or the Coming Future in 1998. He has now completed 7 more books. Watch for all of them in the coming months.

Other books by the author at Smashwords

The Past or The Coming Future
The Tribulation
The Great Tribulation And Beyond
Can I Have A Second Chance
The Book of Daniel - The Future
Writing: Step By Step
Chupacabra - Demon From Hell

