


Dreamcast



by Paul Telegdi

A paranormal crime fiction



This book is a work of fiction for adults.

Published by Paul Telegdi on Smashwords
Copyright © 2011 by Paul Telegdi



This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only and may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each person you share it with. If you're reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then you should return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the author's work.

*****
Dedicated to my wife, Melanie Telegdi.
Without her help and encouragement
Dreamcast would have died as a draft.


Dreamcast Series:
Dreamcast...
Dreamcast 2
Dreamcast 3
Dreamcast 4

To enjoy other books by Paul Telegdi please search on Smashwords or go to http://www.seeWordFactory.com

*****
Contents

 CASE 1:  Dreamcast                 ... chapters 1-12
 CASE 2:  Hidden From Sight  ... chapters 13-20
 
 
Case 1: Dreamcast

The beginning of the Dreamcast series, featuring the misadventures of a young college student, Travis James Howard, who has a nightmare of his ex-girlfriend's murder, only to find the next day that the dream was true. He is arrested and has to extricate himself from jail using his hitherto unknown paranormal abilities.


Prologue

From the beginning I was an unwilling witness of the horror.
Jenny alone in the darkness, crossing the playground where we had played as kids, where she ought to have been safe. Because of the familiarity she was confident, taking the shortcut home in the dark, having done so hundreds of times before. The lights of passing cars on the freeway stabbed into the darkness, rushed by, fading, leaving the darkness even deeper and menacing. Jenny squinted into the blinding glare and the dance of shadows casting the familiar into a play of confusion. Still, she was unafraid.
Yet evil lurked behind a sycamore, waiting for her to pass, then lunged, the weight bearing her to the ground. Like an enraged beast, the assailant struck her hard on the back of the head, pressing her face into the ground, stifling her screams with a mouthful of dirt. His arms flailed at her to beat her into submission. Helpless, pinned down with a rain of blows striking her, she tried to resist, but she was tiring, her energy soon spent. Her mind was in shock, not wanting to believe, stunned by the ferocity of the attack. Out of instinct, she fought on.
The predator grabbed a fistful of hair, drew back her head, and chopped her throat with the edge of his hand, leaving her gasping for breath. He flipped her over, kneed her and in a frenzy ripped her clothes off. The rough gravel bit into her nakedness and she resumed the fight. Again she tried to scream.
He kneed her and bit her lips, effectively smothering her cries. She clawed at him, tried bucking off his crushing weight. It had dawned on her that she was fighting for her life so she redoubled her efforts. But his violence was relentless. He pried her legs apart, bore down on her and into her. She sobbed into his face as the pain ripped through her. He hit her again and again. Swollen, her eyes were closing; her lips bled; the blood frothed from her nose; and she was choking on her bile with every breath.
His weight pounded into her like the dry thrust of a knife. She moaned, and tried to twist her head free of his bite. He growled as he hammered into her. His hand stretched her arms into a crucifix. Vainly she threw herself from side to side: the thrashing only fed his excitement. He was nearing the top of his climb and the pounding became more frantic. Then, ramming into her once more, he howled like a demented dog. 
Spent, he collapsed on top of her and she made one more feeble attempt to roll his weight off. He laughed, gathered himself, and kneed her again. Something silver glinted in his hand, came down, piercing, cutting flesh, deflecting off a bone, severing the innards. The pain struck again, making a fresh entry into her torso. A headlight lit up the macabre scene. The knife poised above her; a sneering face scowled down at her; the mouth cruelly twisted in the pure pleasure of the kill. The eyes were blazing with violence. The predator had the victim in his uncontested power, and she awaited the final blow, the coup de grace. The knife came down sharply and the last remnant of her resistance collapsed. Again he howled, in triumph, in satisfaction, in defiance of all human feelings.
He wiped the blade on a shred of her clothes and cast the bloodied mess aside. He looked around in the darkness, waiting for a few cars to pass. The quiet reassured him and he bent over her again and committed a final despicable indignity to the dead body. It was not hurried or driven, rather an obligatory conclusion to a deranged ritual. He panted his rising urgency into her dead neck, his weight hammering into the lifeless flesh. In conclusion he howled again, quietly this time, a confident wail, pleased with himself. Then he slashed her throat. Blood drained from the gaping cut, matting her blond hair, painting the ground crimson.
“Jenny!” I screamed and startled myself awake. I stared into the darkness of my bedroom, listening to my own ragged breathing. It was a dream, wasn’t it? It had to be! Sweat was pouring down my face, and I was gasping for air. A cramp sat in my stomach, its claws twisting in my guts. “Jenny!” The anguish would not let me go. I tried to ease my breathing, taking regular sips of air. My every muscle ached as I tried to hold off the horror. “It was only a dream!” I insisted, trying to ease back into some normalcy. Prickled by the sweat, my skin cooled to a clammy clinch. 
Ever so slowly the knot in my stomach unwound, and the tension of my body let up. I could breathe again. Thank God, it was only a dream! But so vivid and detailed, I shuddered. Not something I wanted to remember. I wondered where I could bury the memory. Someplace where I would never stumble over it again. Deep in the subconscious, with all memory tracks that could lead me to it erased. Thank God, it was only a dream!


Chapter 1

I am by no means a “regular” at the office, so it was with some trepidation that I walked through the door marked Dean of Humanities. As I crossed the threshold, I had a flash of premonition that I was not going to like it. Inside, a big black woman looked up at me questioningly.
“Travis Howard. I have been summoned.”
“They are expecting you,” she said and motioned toward the inner office. “Go right in.”
I knocked, and the door swung inward, and there was Mr. Harvey frowning at me. He looked harassed, and my unease increased.
“Come on in, Travis,” he invited. He backed up, making room for me to enter. “These gentlemen want to ask a few questions.” He stepped aside, and I found myself face-to-face with two men behind the dean’s desk. The older one scowled; the younger just fixed me with an intense, appraising glare.
“What is this about, Mr. Harvey?” I asked, hoping to find a bit of refuge with someone familiar. I didn’t know the dean well, but after four years at Walter Edmund College, we recognized each other well enough.
“Sit here, Travis,” he said and steered me into a chair set squarely in front of the desk, in the crosshairs of the two men’s attention. Then he stepped back, out of my view. Immediately, I felt exposed.
“You are Travis James Howard?” the older one asked, peering down at what was obviously my school file in front of him. I just nodded. His head snapped up, and his tone sharpened. “Yes or no? Speak up!”
“Yes, I am.”
“And you live at 63 Orchard Farm Lane?”
“Yes.” I hurried my answer to forestall any more imperatives. My heart picked up speed. What was this about?
“Do you know Jennifer Rose Wilson?” the man snapped out.
“Jenny?” I asked in surprise. Immediately I became cautious: everyone knew about Jenny and me. “Of course I know Jenny. We went out for almost four years until we broke up... about three years ago.” I looked from one to the other; they stared back at me with undisguised expectations of wanting something more.
“What is this all about?” I repeated, looking from one to the other.
“When did you see her last?” he proceeded, ignoring my question, and I noticed the other jotting things down in a notebook.
“Who are you people?” I demanded with enough force to derail their agenda.
Both focused on me, mouths suddenly thin, eyes narrowing. “This is Sergeant Maclure, and I’m Detective Jarvis Smythe. Of the Westchester County Police.” They both extracted and flashed open badges and just as quickly tucked them away. Even though I was expecting something like this, I was shocked. Still, I had time to wonder how many times in their careers had they gone through those exact same motions in order to achieve such fluidity and economy of movement. I didn’t have time to catch any of the details. No badge numbers, no authentication particulars. The badges could have been from Toys and More. Their attitude, however, confirmed their identity, cops throwing their weight around, intimidating people.
I was fully vigilant, determined to give only yes or no answers, not volunteer anything extra. Jenny must have gotten busted for possession. She believed in occasional, recreational use and was not always so careful about hiding it. But in the eyes of the law, anyone caught had to be a hard-core user or worse, a pusher.
“When did you see her last?” Maclure asked, his tone a degree sharper.
“Yesterday,” I said simply, passively resisting the demand for more hanging in the air.
“Where?” the younger one, Smythe, barked.
“At the Mall,” I bounced back on him, like a tennis volley.
“Where at the Mall?” Maclure again, they were double teaming me: one playing the base line, the other up on the net.
“At the Fountainhead Cafe,” I said, keeping my voice as neutral as possible. I had no experience with police really, and I didn’t want to piss them off, but also I didn’t trust them. There were stories floating around campus that questioned the integrity of the local cops. However, I had made up my mind to cooperate but not to give anything away that was not directly asked for.
“When exactly?” the base line fired back.
“8:15 or 8:30,” I replied, then wondered if my estimates were right.
“Tell us about it,” the Sergeant demanded, crowding the net.
I was beginning to enjoy the staccato rhythm of this match. Surprisingly I was not intimidated.
“We usually meet there after supper. Have a coffee or a soft drink, talk, then go home.” That was week nights. On the weekends there was always a party to crash.
“Who was with you?” came a quick snap from the base line again. The tone was hardly queries anymore, but commands disguised as questions. The rise and fall of it was wrong.
“Jordy, Shaw, Kerry, Raffi, Carmen and Jenny... and me.”
“Shaw? One of the twins?” came from Smythe.
“Yes.”
There was quiet for a while. The two detectives were leafing through their notebooks and Mr. Harvey remained silent behind me. The minutes ticked by and the stillness hardened into an oppressive concrete thing. I swallowed hard, my neck hairs prickling. I had a premonition that it was more serious than I had assumed.
“What is this really about?” I cringed at the timorous tone of my voice. You pussy, I admonished myself, they will devour you now.
But instead of answering they went on again. “Where were you around ten?”
“At night?” I asked stupidly.
“At 10:00 p.m., last night,” Smythe spat out in a clipped tone laced with official belligerence.
“At ten yesterday night I was in my room, finishing my term assignment.”
“Can anyone verify that?” Sergeant asked. Good grief, I thought, something was really wrong here. Why did anyone need an alibi? And what did Jenny have to do with it?
“My father was still up, watching the news, but my mom was already in bed. I suppose they knew I was upstairs. But I did not see them and they did not see me.” My voice had shrunk to small, not in volume, but in confidence.
A long silence followed and I was aware that my heart was beating faster and faster. The two policemen exchanged looks and glanced at the dean behind me, who suddenly made exit noises as he backed out the door. “Now, Travis, be sure to help these officers. Tell them everything.” Suddenly I felt totally abandoned.
“Then you are telling me, you never left your house... all night?” I confirmed it with a nod, but he insisted on hearing it, and I almost yelled, “Yes, I never left.”
“And you never went near Grunman Park? To the kiosk by the swings?” I hesitated for the moment, confused by whether the question ought to be correctly answered with a yes or a no. “Last night, no,” I thought was safe enough. A dark sense of foreboding clamped down on my chest and disrupted my breathing. I had to force my lungs to take in air.
Both policemen regarded me with narrow intent, eyes like daggers aimed at me, and both looked ready to pounce. But why? I was afraid of their questions. Somehow all levity went out of this game. In fact, it was not a game at all. But then, what was it?
The two exchanged looks again. The older snapped his notebook shut, the younger leafed through his, stopped at a page, looked up fixedly at me. I knew by then that I didn’t want to hear what he had to say.
“Last night at 10:22, we received a 911 call that a body had been found in Grunman Park by a couple walking their dog. A young female had been attacked and killed. The Medical Examiner estimated that death had occurred sometime around 10:00. We will know more precisely after an autopsy.” I heard the words but the meaning did not penetrate. What was he talking about? A body? Dead? What has that got to do with me? All the while I was trying hard to keep Jenny out of this. Please God no, not Jenny! My throat swelled into a hard lump, and I could barely draw air by it. 
“The victim was about 22, dressed in a T-shirt and shorts. Blond. About 5 foot 8, weighing around 110 pounds.” I started crying then. Quietly, almost without a sound. The two men dissolved in a wash of tears. I blinked, trying to get my vision back.
They waited. And I cried.
I don’t know how long that interval lasted. I have no clear recollection of it. Though I was crying, I felt numb. I blew my nose and mumbled, “I’m sorry...”
“For what?” I did not know which of them asked me that. We waited some more.
Finally, the younger resumed speaking in a distant voice, “The deceased was identified as Jennifer Rose Wilson by her parents.” Again a long silence followed. This could not be true! I saw Jenny only last night at the Fountainhead, sipping a Coke and talking with Carmen about the upcoming book fair on her campus. It couldn’t be Jenny. The two policemen pierced me with their suspicions and I started getting angry. But I did not know at who. Myself—for letting her go off alone? The police—for not keeping criminals off the streets? And God forbid, at Jenny herself? Why didn’t she go home after Fountainhead?
Then it occurred to me that there was a killer out there. Maybe one of us. My mind clicked through those present: Jordy, Shaw, Kerry, Raffi, Carmen... dismissing each: none of them would hurt Jenny. And then there was me. Incredulously, I realized that now I was also a suspect. I looked up at the two cops with new eyes, perched there like vultures, on the edge of their seats, waiting to swoop down on me.
“I didn’t do it!” They said nothing. Yet their gun barrel eyes bored into me. “I really did not do it!”
“And you would tell us if you did, wouldn’t you?” the younger asked sarcastically.
I shut up: what was there left to say in my defense, or in Jenny’s? I could not wrap my thoughts around the fact that she could really be dead. It had to be a mistake. But why were these policemen here? What did they want? Surely not a confession from me? Then I reminded myself that I was a suspect. A part of my mind seemed to have accepted the fact of Jenny’s death, but not the other, so why was I crying?
“Tell us about Ms. Wilson,” Maclure said, for the first time his voice coming across as almost human.
I told them everything. I knew Jenny since grade school. We went to the same birthday parties, had swimming lessons together and got our lifesaving certifications at the same time. At twelve we were on the same baseball team. At school on the debating society and at church for a time in the choir until my voice changed and roughened. When I was fifteen, I asked her to go rollerblading with me, and after that we were pretty much inseparable for almost four years. I took her to the prom, and we went on Spring Break to Florida. Then she enrolled in Northfork University upstate and I in Walter Edmund College here in town. She rarely came home and we drifted apart. The next Christmas we broke up, but we stayed friends. We kept in touch and saw each other occasionally. Then last year I rediscovered how beautiful she was and regretted letting go of her. Of course, I didn’t tell the cops that, I kept emphasizing the wholesomeness of our relationship. They listened, letting me talk without interruption.
A long silence followed my monologue, and I was acutely aware of their eyes accusing me. Had I said anything that could in some way incriminate me? Did I promote myself to prime suspect? You fool, this is not about you; this is about Jenny. And the rest of it fell on me. Oh my God, Jenny’s father and mother and her sister, how must they feel? I felt absolutely crushed. Tears gushed from my eyes, no sound, just difficulty breathing because my chest was so constricted by the grief. They let me leak for quite a while. They did not look at me, not while I was crying, and not even at each other.
Finally, Smythe asked quietly to avoid stirring up emotions again, “Any idea who could have done it?”
“Not any of us. Not Jordy, Shaw, Kerry, Raffi, Carmen... or me. We have been friends a long time. And Jenny was popular. Both at school and outside.” I realized that I had used the exact same sequence of names before—like a rote repetition. I think the two cops noticed the rehearsed tone; I saw the eyebrows rise. But it was the hierarchy of our group... Jordy always pushed himself to the fore, and I, I was not last but more of a tagalong. 
“Had she any enemies?”
“I don’t think so. She was good-natured and easygoing. Likely to blame herself before blaming anyone else. She was easily the most kind-hearted person I know.”
“Yet someone killed her all the same,” Maclure added. There was another silence after that. There was no escaping that fact, not for now, not for the rest of my life.
The questions kind of petered out after that. The cops had what they wanted, a collection of facts to add to the body they had in the morgue. I realized they had talked to the others, Jordy, Shaw and the rest... they were corroborating known facts. They had leaned on me, as they had on everyone else, as standard procedure. They started to get ready to go. It was not easy, for like me, they were trying to unplug themselves from the intense emotions that held the three of us together for the last hour.
That was when I made my big mistake. I don’t even know how it slipped out. I was saying something about how unbelievable it was that Jenny was gone, then I said, “How weird, almost supernatural.”
“Weird?” Maclure latched onto the word, sitting back down.
“Well not actually weird,” I backpedalled, but there was no way of unsaying the careless slip. “More strange, like.”
“Strange?” Smythe joined the scent and I started to panic.
I stammered, suddenly feeling guilty. I decided to come clean as I could not see how to lie my way out of it. “I had a dream about Jenny last night.” And I looked back on the nightmare that I had suppressed on waking. Now I was trying to piece it together again. “She was fighting with somebody... in the dark. A man was choking her. He had his hands around her neck.” Slowly the dream came into focus and I could not believe I had banished it from memory. “He pushed her on the ground... then he...” I hesitated; the two cops were piercing me, their eyes ablaze with suspicion. But I could no longer stop myself, the dream wanted out. “Then he... she was crying as he molested her... raped her... he hit her and she screamed and fought him, scratching him. But he was too strong for her and he pushed her to the ground, covered her mouth. Then something flashed. Again and again. Then the dream ended.” Sweat was pouring down my face, stinging my eyes. The two cops were tense on their chairs, leaning forward, ready to leap: their faces were chiseled into feral vigilance—which way would the quarry jump?
I could not believe what I had heard myself say, but the truth of it was out. How could I have blacked out all that? All three of us were breathing hard, as if we had run a distance. Had I been fleeing and they were chasing me? And caught up to me?
“Flashed? What flashed?” Smythe asked in a very careful voice, perhaps not wanting to scare me into silence. “How?”
I tried to correlate the memory with the word flashing. “Like a knife... I didn’t see it clearly, but there must have been a knife because I saw blood. Everywhere.”
The two cops exchanged glances then turned their looks on me. “I know what you are thinking,” I blurted, could not stop myself, “You think I killed her.” The statement hung in the air, all three of us sampling it. The bloodhounds were excited by the smell of it.
Smythe tapped his notes: “You saw blood everywhere?”
“I didn’t actually see the blood but somehow sensed it.” I was amazed how clear the dream was, yet so murky in other ways.
“Where was she bleeding from?” That was Maclure casting a line into the dark waters of my memory.
“I think the man stabbed her in the chest. Several times. Six or seven.” I was crying again, and the cops disappeared behind a rush of tears. I should have stopped talking then. Actually a long time ago, but I couldn’t help myself. I had to confess the dream, hear it myself to the end, to figure out its connection to reality. “Then he cut her throat.” Oh my God! Poor Jenny. My poor Jenny!
At that, both cops rose. Smythe seized me, jerked me to my feet. Maclure expertly twisted my arms behind me and snapped on plastic handcuffs. I was secured before I knew it.
“No one knew about the stabbing. Only the investigating officers.” Maclure grabbed my arm and pushed me toward the door. “And especially not about the throat...”
Smythe was reading me my rights, “You have the right to...” It was familiar to me from all the crime shows on TV, and I hardly heard it. What was bizarre was that it was recited to me. They really thought it was me. I was astounded. I was describing a dream—only a dream!
The next little while was a blur: Mr. Harvey’s shocked face spun by, followed by the astonished looks from students as the three of us marched past to the parking lot. I was too stunned to feel the humiliation.
They took me down to the police station. Filled out some paperwork, photographed me; they might have taken my fingerprints—I was not sure the whole thing was just a confused whirlwind. All I could think was that Jenny was gone. No, no. I didn’t want to believe it.
Then they took me into an interrogation room, with a table, a few chairs, and a one-way mirror spanning one wall. They sat me on a chair and ranged themselves opposite, Maclure and Smythe again. One of them turned on a table lamp, shining it in my face, blotting out the rest of the room. From crime shows, I recognized the setup. What kid wouldn’t? One-way vision glass hiding observers, with a good-cop bad-cop playing out their scripted roles for me. From a corner a video camera glared down at us. They read my rights again, and said I could call my parents or ask for a lawyer... or I could cooperate with an ongoing investigation voluntarily. If I were innocent I would be eager to collaborate. I should have shut up then, but I was trapped in this dance of tragedy, not able to walk away from it. I was drawn like a moth to a flame, risking harm and destruction. In the forefront of my thoughts was the idea that I had to help Jenny, help find her killer and bring him to justice. At some level I was aware that I was digging a grave for myself, but I did not care; my world was already shattered.
“I don’t need a lawyer. I’m innocent.” Soon as I said that, I had a peculiar feeling warning me: every time this happened on TV, the hero always regretted not insisting on a lawyer. Would this rebound on me too?
I had found myself on a path, not entirely by choice, and now I had to follow it to the end. But to what end and whose end, I had no idea. The danger was there for sure, but also the irresistible excitement of some major revelation yet hidden even from me. I needed the police to help me work through it. So I answered their questions freely, and they listened, as did I, just as avidly.
“When exactly did you dream this?”
“Must have been after 10:00.” Both cops looked skeptical so I went through my arithmetic. “I finished my assignment about quarter to; Dad had almost finished the 9-o’clock news. I listened to Nine-Inch Nails but fell asleep. Had my dream, woke up in a sweat; the music was still playing near the end of the CD; so I must have slept twenty minutes or so. Yeah. Plus ten is about right, 10:10, no later than 10:30.”
“You realize that was when she was killed? Around then.” The voice came out of the brightness and I did not know from whom. Again it hit me forcibly, the incongruity of it all.
“Look, I don’t know how to explain it. I’m simply describing my dream. I was in bed, asleep, and woke remembering. Nine-Inch music is so damn dark, it probably inspired the dream. Then I shook it off. It hurt too much. But to have it come true? Yes. That is weird. And scary. And I would be happy if you could explain it to me.”
“Are you trying to tell us that you are psychic?” The voice was dripping sarcasm, thick like molasses. “Some kind of paranormal?”
“Hell no! I am not telling you that! I am a normal person. I am not crazy. I don’t hear voices. I just had a dream. A very weird dream.” I broke into a sweat. There was no explanation for how a dream could so shadow reality. And play out at the same time.
“Do you often have dreams like that?”
“No. Never!” I vaguely remember some talk about an aunt who claimed to have the “gift,” but I certainly did not.
“You know it would make lot more sense if, instead of sleeping as you claim, you went out, met Jennifer in the park and killed her.”
“No! That is not how it was. I was in bed and I had this dream...”
“Now what is more likely, that you really had a dream or that you simply killed her?” I knew well what was more likely, but I had to make them understand about the dream. “Or perhaps,” the voice from the other side of the light continued, “you were sleepwalking and killed her in a trance. That would explain it. It would seem like a dream to you.”
“No—that is not how it was,” I said as vehemently as I could. “Where is the blood? Where are the scratches? There must be some DNA under her fingernails that won’t match me.” I rolled up my sleeves, displaying both arms to them. “Show me the scratches.”
That took the wind out of their sails for the moment as there were no scratches on my arms or face.
“Perhaps there were no scratches at all. You just made it up to cast doubt—” the voice was hunting for a counter-argument. My momentary flush of triumph faded quickly as I forced my mind back into the dream. “There was... there appeared to be... one solid scratch across the left cheek... just below the eye...” I tried to penetrate the haze that eluded clarity.
“Yes and how do you see this? Did you not say you never got a good look at this person?”
“I see it as a reflection in a car window... vaguely.” Then I sat bolt upright. “Yes. There was a car. Red. A compact. But it is hard to see because it is dark. There are flickers from cars passing by on the highway. Flashing on, then fading as they sweep by. It is like a strobe, hard to hold onto an image.”
“I don’t suppose the car came with a license plate now did it?” The sarcasm was back.
I wanted to shout no, but I collected myself and replayed the scene, my heart hammering as the memory camera swung by the car. In the flash of a passing car I could make out 7H in the middle of the sequence, but not the rest. “Something, 7H, something,” I said in partial victory.
“Great. 7H.” The voice out of the brightness mocked me. “What kind of car was it then?”
“I don’t know. Something small. Domestic I think.”
“That covers about half the cars in the state.” We all knew that to be false: the South was addicted to muscle cars. This was not the suburban North with small commuter cars scurrying along overfilled outer and inner belts. This far south a beat-up exterior was acceptable, but not an undersized power plant. Compacts were rare in our neighborhood.
I was getting angry. I was assuming all the risks trying to help and getting only ridicule for my efforts. I could feel my nostrils flaring. They were wasting their time on me instead of looking for the real killer. Poor Jenny. Her poor parents and family. This must be totally annihilating for them. Lastly, poor me. I was caught in the spider web of suspicion.
“You go check out the DNA and then come back to me.” The words exploded out of my mouth. “I will not talk to you until then.” I crossed my arms on my chest defiantly. They tried a few questions, but I refused to acknowledge them. I stared at my shoes and kept my eyes there. Eventually they gave up and conducted me to a cell where they shut me up alone.
I looked at the bare walls, the cracked paint, the bare bulb recessed into the ceiling and covered with a steel mesh. There was a toilet in the corner and nothing else. The whole thing felt unreal, was unreal. I had become an insect pinned to the specimen board. 
I lay on the thin cot and tried to organize my life again into some kind of order. But it had totally fragmented. I looked at a shard, a sad instance of the last day and nothing would make any sense. Poor Jenny, it went around in my head. I could focus on little else. How could a dream do what it did? It was just not possible. Everything argued against it, or was I losing my mind?
It must have been halfway to morning. I was still overwhelmed with confusion, trying to reconcile what was a dream and what was real. I finally put everything away, focused on a few resolutions. I would follow where the dream led me, regardless of the cost, to me or to anyone else. I owed Jenny that much. No, I owed her more. The two of us had shared four years as close as we could get at that age-level. So regardless of everything... if the dream could solve this thing then I couldn’t turn my back on it. Then anger washed out all else; I was going to get the monster who did this... if this was the last thing I do. All else be damned! 


Chapter 2

They kept me in isolation, away from the general prison population. The Westchester Police station was a leftover from the last century with an ornate facade but short on resources a modern police force required. Crowded offices occupied the front where various departments elbowed each other for room. In the back, a newer extension housed the holding cells, which were full of the usual riffraff that accumulated in such a facility—mostly accused of misdemeanors and public mischief. It was thus surprising that I was allowed a large cell for myself. This puzzled me for a while until I realized that I was suspected of a high profile crime and was a celebrity of sorts. The fact was they did not want me “contaminated” by the other inmates.
They brought breakfast to the cell and watched me as I ate and afterward brushed my teeth. The place was Spartan, stripped of anything that could hurt me. There was only the cot, a square table, a chair, a washbasin and a toilet in the far corner. All my possessions were crowded into one narrow shelf. The people who came in did not speak and neither did I. I didn’t mind: it gave me more time to think.
It felt strange not to be going to lectures or doing the things I normally would. I was in my senior year at college, majoring in Humanities with a minor in Visual Arts. Every day away from school would set me back. Still, at the moment, I was less concerned about my studies, more worried about solving Jenny’s murder. I strode about the cell, trying to unravel the puzzle of my dream. Everything argued against it, yet its emotional impact was devastating. I could neither prove nor disprove it. Thousand times I asked myself, fought logic and experience, but the dream kept coming back with stubborn insistence. Again, I resolved to credit it and track it to its conclusion.
Mid morning two women arrived. An attractive thirty something with a briefcase. The other was an older woman who walked deferentially behind and brought two chairs, one of which she placed at a safe distance from me.
“Hello, Travis,” the thirty something said; her voice was pleasantly modulated, her expression reassuring. Pointedly she moved the chair closer to me and sat, resting a writing pad in her lap. “I’m Dr. Sommerfeld, a psychologist, hired by the county in cases involving young people. I am to do a preliminary assessment to make sure you are competent to undergo subsequent proceedings.” She smiled again, trying to de-emphasize the gravity of her words. She was to take my temperature and gauge my mental health? To see if I was crazy? I wanted to know that too. I needed to know.
She then gestured toward the other woman who had taken up position in the corner, out of the way. “That is Helga, my chaperone.” Looked more like her bodyguard to me, big and meaty.
“Your parents will come to see you this afternoon. Of course, they are very concerned. But they want you to know that things are in the works to get you out. I suppose they hired a lawyer to defend you...” she trailed off, trying to assess my reaction. I just nodded. Right now it was more important to determine her role in my case. Would she help me or would she add to my vulnerability? Could I use her? God knows, I needed someone on my side.
I surprised her by standing up and sitting on the corner of my bunk closest to her. I leaned toward her, looking at her as earnestly as I could. “So then, let’s get to work.”
“What do you need to work on?” she asked, a light going on in her eyes.
“I need to know how a dream can parallel reality. How could it reflect it so faithfully?”
“And how do you expect me to answer that?” she asked but she leaned toward me, as eager to get into it as I was. I felt an immediate rapport and was very encouraged; I badly needed someone to help me.
“I will tell you my dream... No. I will dissect it in the minutest detail, hold nothing back.”
“And what is my role in all this?”
“You must have seen the file. You know the case. Confirm the facts or contest any false ones. I need to know as much as you what is true and equally importantly what is not. We can help each other.”
“It is not the prescribed procedure in an ongoing investigation to allow a subject so much control. And certainly not the free flow of information you are asking for.”
“Perhaps not. But are there not disclosure rules that require all information to be made available to the accused? I am the accused, am I not?”
“You are in protective custody under suspicion. You have not been charged with anything.” Yet.
I frowned at the legal double talk: I was in jail, under lock and key; how much clearer did it have to be? We traded looks for awhile, measuring each another. I kept thinking that my fate was in her hands and I’d better put my best foot forward. I forced a strained smile onto my face and saw her lips draw into a thin line. Well done, Travis, I reprimanded myself, you are losing her.
But she, too, had an agenda driving her and had to get through my defenses. She sat back a little and from that I understood it was not going to be a contest of wills—not from her side. She tilted her head slightly, confirming it. I nodded cautiously in an unspoken agreement. 
She nibbled on her pen, and the distant professional facade receded, instantly endearing her to me. I was surprised how quickly it happened, but then I reasoned that it was a measure of how vulnerable I was, opened up emotionally by the tragedy, needing some attachment as a support. I hoped Dr. Sommerfeld was it.
I could see her thinking. Of course, the investigation was not under her control either, but she must have been allowed a fair degree of latitude to deal with me. Or was she sent to trap me? I dismissed the last as too paranoid, at least to be of any use to me. At this point, I must see her as a resource. I mean I could be crazy, a raving lunatic. A psychologist could tell me that.
“I can’t promise you anything,” she said, coming to some conclusion. “But I will give you a fair chance to present your circumstances and I will confirm and validate as much as I can.” Good enough. “But before we start, I must make clear that you have the right, at any time, to refuse any question that encroaches on your rights.” I nodded my understanding and assent. She flipped open her notebook, poised her pen, and looked at me expectantly. I noted that she had hazel eyes, the kind that sparkle with every impulse. I wished I had my sketchbook right now to see if I could capture that expression of encouragement. She had a generous, open face, not hidden behind a mask like most professionals I knew.
I told her everything. From beginning to end. She listened and made notes. She never once looked skeptical or shook her head in disbelief. It took a full hour for me to reach the end of my story. Even to me it sounded fantastic. A silence followed, and I appreciated that she did not jump in with a hasty professional opinion. She read her notes, at times flipping back and forth. Again she nibbled on her pen, and I started feeling really good about her.
“I will be honest with you. If you are the killer, it wouldn’t interest me much and I would get out of your case as soon as I had fulfilled my contractual obligation. If, however, the dream is genuine... now that would interest me—privately, of course. Professionally, it could turn into the kiss of death to become involved in something paranormal. But I must honor the risk you have taken already, for the disclosure of the dream can’t have helped your situation. There is no profit in it. Not to you.” She tapped the pen absently against the page of notes.
“But...” she said and I could feel something coming around the corner. “We must first deal with the question of what would compel you to reveal your dream if you were guilty.” Again I felt a flash of worry that this could be a cunningly laid trap to snare me. My defenses went up, and I had to break eye contact to hide my thoughts. With difficulty I pushed the anxiety down and focused on the priorities. First, I had to try to follow this through for Jenny’s sake; second, if I was crazy it would be better to find out sooner than later; third, it was crucial to deal with a dream that seemed to go against all laws of nature.
I twisted my cheeks, caught her watching, realized how bad that looked, and in a defensive reaction said quietly, “Let’s get into it. Shoot.” My chin went out, ready to take any hit.
“From all you have said, it is obvious that you loved Jenny. You loved her, her parents and family. Yet I could also see that somehow by some horrible accident you killed her.” Immediately I shook my head. All the blood argued against an accident. Accidentally stabbed her repeatedly? She corrected herself, “Or perhaps in a fit of rage over some unknown thing.” She paused to let the supposition sink in, and I nodded, accepting it for the moment. “Emotionally you couldn’t deal with it. So your mind conjured up this man, who did the killing in the dream. Not you, but this lunatic. You could not do what you saw but a stranger could and take the guilt from you. A stranger, you understand, who freed you to let her family know what happened to their daughter. The dream was a confession by proxy.” She waited to let me process it, and again I nodded. OK. This was what I signed on for. Wherever it takes me I will go all the way. Honestly. “The dream took the burden of guilt from you,” she reiterated, then waited for my reaction.
I went through her supposition several times, comparing the facts I knew against the possibilities. Certainly it sounded more probable than my dream that contradicted physical laws of a whole universe. “Then, I assume that what I have told you about my dream jibes with what you know of the case.”
“So far nothing that we know as established fact contradicts your dream. But that might not be the case when further facts come to light.”
“Well then the real acid test that would corroborate it one way or the other would be the DNA test. Do you have any information on that?”
She carefully thought that through, the pros and cons of letting me know. “All I know is that a sample was obtained and sent to the capital for rush processing.” In the confusion of the intake, I couldn’t remember if a swab had been taken.
I nodded, satisfied. At the moment I could not ask for more. “Any idea how long it will take?” I asked, but was disappointed by the shake of her head.
“I’m not familiar with the testing protocol; it’s a rather specialized field.” With her pen she tapped out a disjointed rhythm, which I took to reflect the progress of her thoughts, sometimes galloping and other times barely making any headway. “Let’s consider your psychic abilities, then.”
“That’s easy. I don’t have any.”
“Don’t be so quick to dismiss it all. The parallel between your dream and the murder is too unmistakable to ignore. You are either guilty or a paranormal.” Given only those options, I guess I was paranormal. She continued, “You said you wanted to explore your dream, so let’s go hunting.” She smiled encouragingly and I thought somewhat ruefully that this woman would have me eating out of her hands in no time. Be careful Travis, you don’t know her motives in all this.
“OK. To my knowledge, I have never had any psychic experiences of any kind. There was an aunt who made the claim but no one else did in the family.”
“A predisposition might be quite subtle, easily dismissed or overlaid by a more rational explanation.” She peered at me very intently, and her gaze was like a searchlight that wandered over my face. Doubtless she was looking for micro-momentary responses that betrayed what I was thinking. But I was committed to wherever she was willing to go or take me. For Jenny, for Jenny, my heart beat. “Did you ever have the feeling that something has already happened before?”
“Sure. Déjà vu. But everyone has experience with that.”
“Yes, it’s quite common. And that’s why people find themselves able to admit it. When something doesn’t fit our schema of things, we reject it or explain it away. But it remains uncomfortable. I want you look for such disparities. That cause you disquiet.”
I thought hard. Disparity? Something not in harmony? I had a strong flash. “When I was in baseball as a kid, I had the highest batting average in the league. I could never explain how I was hitting .550. It was considered phenomenal, especially since I wasn’t that athletic. The coach thought I could see the ball exceptionally well. But it wasn’t that. It was almost as if I knew ahead of time what the pitcher would throw. I could almost see him lock his fingers around the ball and recognize from the grip what was coming. So I knew when to swing or when not to. Rarely got struck out. I was elected MVP two years running. But I always found that peculiar.”
“How old were you?”
“Fourteen, fifteen.”
“Interesting. At that age you don’t have the same need to organize your life so concisely that you limit possibilities. Young people tend to accept things as they happen because they have less control of things. When we grow older we develop greater need to impress ourselves on the world around us and not to have unexplained things hanging over us.” She nodded to herself and made notes. “Anything else?”
“Not anything that springs to mind... Oh.” Something did pop to the surface. “When I was nine, the family was sitting around the living room watching TV and the phone rang. The sound stabbed me in the heart. I yelled, ‘Don’t answer it!’ My dad, of course, did. His older brother died, and it was the first we’d heard he was even sick. It was as if I knew. People said I was startled into that by the ringing, but I knew better.”
“You were perhaps able to anticipate things. That is an ability clairvoyants often claim.” Her eyebrows rose questioningly.
“Nothing. I don’t remember anything else.”
“Well that is enough for today,” she said, gathering her things. “We’ll talk more tomorrow.” I nodded and watched as her minder, obviously relieved that the interview was over, picked up the chairs, and they left.
After a lunch of hot dogs and chips, my parents were allowed to see me. Two guards took me to an interview room where my dad and mom were waiting for me. At first sight, mom burst into tears and dad looked his forbidding best, trying to keep things together. I assured them I was all right and that I had nothing whatsoever to do with Jenny’s death.
“I know,” dad said, “but they seem very sure of themselves.” Then he started talking about Mr. Balfour the lawyer he had hired.
“Dad, I won’t need a lawyer. I really am innocent. Save your money. I’ll be OK.”
It was painful to hear the worry in their voices. “You don’t know our justice system. Twenty percent of the convicted are innocent... You need competent legal representation...” I didn’t know where he got the figure he was quoting but surely the percentages could not be that high. Anyway the meeting with my parents was harder than the interrogation by the police. Most of the time I spent reassuring them that I was fine and that everything else would be set right... soon. It was almost a relief to see them go when their allotted time ran out. Mom hung onto me as if afraid to ever let me go. I was aware how melodramatic the scene played out but I was not untouched by it. My parents had always stood by me but I was growing out of their care.
Next I met Mr. Balfour who turned out to be a straightforward guy. Not what I expected a lawyer to be. He told me right away that with my confession the police had a strong case against me.
“What confession?” I asked sharply enough to cause him to raise an eyebrow.
“The dream, I mean,” he amended, but from his tone I knew he gave little credence to it. He looked at me speculatively, adding and subtracting things, measuring me for an insanity defense.
“The community is very upset, riled up against you. There is talk of fast-tracking the process and stampeding us into court,” he added, trying to hammer some reality into me so I’d become more amenable.
“It won’t come to a trial.” He looked dubious, so I added, “I really am innocent.”
We next discussed possible bail procedures. Given the horrendous nature of the crime, there was no question of bail, he informed me; the state intended to lock me up until the trial, claiming I represented a danger to myself and society. He would of course contest that, but I told him not to. Then he talked of the general reaction in the community, that people were very upset but glad that the perpetrator, meaning me, was securely behind bars. There was talk of lynching if I ever got out. Given the heated circumstances, he allowed that perhaps it was prudent if I stayed in protective custody for the time being. He also said I should expect a mandatory psychiatric evaluation. I told him that Dr. Sommerfeld was already on the case, but he dismissed her. “She is a rank amateur, with no real experience in hard, criminal matters. She is usually hired to handle minor offenses and delinquents. Murder is not her specialty.” I countered that I liked her and wanted to work with her and would refuse to cooperate with anyone else. He got huffy at my refusal to take his instruction, but I would not yield and insisted that he would have to work that into his facts. After some more back and forth, he left muttering that he was the lawyer and it behooved me to follow his recommendations. I was not displeased; I wanted someone feisty to argue my case if it came to that. But I was not going to surrender all my prerogatives to him or anyone else.
I was pleasantly surprised at myself. Here I was, neck-deep in trouble, yet I was not overly afraid, not intimidated, facing down the whole weight of the law ranged against me with all of the assets at their disposal. It was considerably more ballsy than I would have expected.
Mr. Balfour left me the paper to read, with Jenny’s death screaming from the bold headlines. In a sidebar, I was also mentioned by name, in spite of a court injunction to the contrary; my identity was revealed by unnamed sources. No real details about me were released, but there were many editorial comments and reactions from the readership about the “heinous depravity of a monster” that I was supposed to be. I was guilty and already condemned in the public view. Save the cost of the trial, most advised, go direct to sentencing. In other words, do not pass go... go directly to jail. Some were demanding the death penalty, with no extenuating circumstances cited and no recommendation for clemency. Not so strangely, I felt just like most of them, when I substituted the real killer in my stead.
Evening, the slot in the door opened, a tray of food was passed in. The sight of supper was uninspiring. A slice of overcooked beef drowning in heavy brown gravy, mashed potatoes with soggy peas. The whole thing was cold by the time it got to my cell. But I didn’t care; it was fitting that jail should not be too comfortable. I took masochistic pleasure from it, as a down payment for my feelings of guilt about Jenny: I had let her go home alone.
With a plastic knife I sawed at the meat; with a plastic fork I chased the peas all over my plate. I ate it all, drank the tepid water that came with it. There was rice pudding to top off the meal. I hoped that I would have a better menu to look forward to if it came to my last meal, I joked, to fight the unreality of it all.
At 10:30 they dimmed the lights and I lay on my bunk staring at the weak glow of the bulbs. I replayed the day in my head, calculating the overall cost, the gains and losses. I was reasonably content with my performance—much better than expected under the circumstances. What I could not look straight in the face were thoughts of my parents. It was easier to endure my own predicament than deal with their pain. Poor Mom and Dad, having to defend me against hostile neighbors. I wondered how many friends I had lost, even if I had any left.
It was much later that I dared to come to grips with the main issue—my dream. What would you think, I asked myself, if someone came to you with a cock-and-bull story about a dream? A dream that reflected reality so closely? Time and time again, I had to vote against myself. Guilty made much more sense than some paranormal mirroring. There was nothing in my experience, nothing in all I ever read that supported my claim. How could even I believe it then? I did—because I knew that I could not and would not have hurt Jenny—ever. Yet everyone demanded an explanation from me. Why was it up to me to prove my innocence? Way beyond a reasonable doubt—everyone demanding that I come up with one hundred percent certainty. How was I going to do that?
I tossed and turned, growing more agitated. The wind rattled the lamp outside, and the shadow of its light danced on my wall. Persecuted by anxiety, I finally fell asleep, but it was not a restful sleep to restore me. At 6:30 a.m., the irritating horn that started the day roused me from my discomfort.


Chapter 3

After breakfast I was taken to interrogation and reunited with Sergeant Maclure and Detective Smythe. To my surprise I was actually glad to see them, having invested so much energy in trying to convince them. They too seemed to have grown attached to me in a strange way, recognizing that we shared something vital. I hoped it was not only the mutilated body of Jenny. But it was as if we were performing a complicated dance: step, counter-step, sometimes advancing, other times retreating. They probably saw it in hunting terms: stalking a quarry, bagging a kill.
They informed me of my rights again but I shrugged them off. “I’m innocent. Let’s get Jenny’s murderer.” They mirrored the same disbelieving face—of course, to them I was her killer.
We went through the whole thing again from beginning to end but I could not add much to my earlier version. Naturally they tried to trip me up, posing trick questions and constantly retracing well-worn tracks to trap me into a discrepancy. I appreciated the contest of wills between us because it hid Jenny’s broken body from view. We were debating the physical disposition of her remains and compared every aspect to my dream, but the conflict between us overlay the emotions of a horrendous death. We could argue about how many times Jenny was stabbed, how deeply her throat was cut, but did not have to consider her feelings. The agenda we each had, released us from the guilt of dragging her through the sordid details yet again.
We went through it repeatedly. The get-together at the Fountainhead, going home, completing my assignment, listening to music and falling asleep. We spent a long time on the nightmare dream, dissecting each detail, examining its implications. I had made progress: they were now equally committed to my dream—of course, to bury me with it. But now it had a reality all of its own.
“What is your cell phone number?” Smythe suddenly interrupted the flow.
“555 7...” I paused, “but it won’t help you. My phone was out of juice by yesterday afternoon and I forgot to recharge it.”
“Give it to me anyway.” I did and he noted it. “If you used it, calling out or receiving, the network will have logged your time and location.” Sure, a cell area, off the nearest tower, not a pinpoint exactness. Their eyes converged on me, ready to ambush any answer.
“Not if it was dead,” I muttered, then cringed; under the circumstances dead was not the best word to use.
“Speaking of phones, the tip line is abuzz with people tattling on you. You have no friends left out there.” Maclure tightened the screws. Bile rose in my throat; I felt very much alone, abandoned.
We returned to the dream, and again they hammered away at it. They accused me of making up the whole scenario to disguise my guilt. It was a smoke screen everybody could see through. The only question remaining to be decided was whether I was a compulsive liar or simply crazy.
“I am quite smart. Look at my grades. Do you think that I would stumble like a fool into this if it were not true? Every word of it. I did not have to tell you any of this.”
“Then why did you?”
“Because I thought it would help. Strange as it may sound now, the dream was too vivid, too realistic to be ignored. I thought it would help in your investigation.”
They both looked unconvinced. “Criminals, no matter how smart, often do stupid things to trip themselves up.”
 “Confess,” Maclure practically yelled in my face, “you have said as much already. Nobody is going to believe the dream bullshit.”
“Get real,” Smythe rose from his chair and leaned across the table threateningly toward me.
“Where is the DNA?” I countered. “The DNA will tell.” They had taken a swab from my mouth, and I knew the sample had already been sent for analysis. We now awaited the result that would set me free.
“That will take time,” Maclure said. He calmed down, equally sure that the result would convict me. All the way to the electric chair. Well not quite, they don’t use the chair anymore. It was updated to lethal injection. But there was a moratorium on that too, while they deliberated a cruel and unusual punishment issue. Was it true that in the last minute, the condemned was trapped in a prolonged chemical prison, full of unexpressed agonies and terror?
They left, probably congratulating themselves that they had worn me down and it was only a matter of time until I would cave completely. But all we achieved was a polarization of our respective positions, now hardened even more. So the dance continued, or the hunt.
Later, I welcomed Dr. Sommerfeld again with her shadow Helga, who retreated into a far corner and tried to escape into inner fantasy. I was glad to see Dr. Sommerfeld. She was dressed in custom cut clothes, very chic and elegant and wore expensive but comfortable shoes. She had class and the grace to go with it. For some reason I thought she could not be married, as she seemed to have too much time to lavish on herself.
“How are you?” she asked in a voice that seemed to care.
“Well,” I replied, “considering.”
“Considering what?”
“Considering that I’m in jail, facing a murder charge. But I have not been arraigned.”
“No, they are still holding you as a material witness but they could slap you with something if need be, to keep you inside.” She smiled disarmingly to take the sting out of her statement. And so we started on a different sort of dance.
We went through the whole thing again, page by page of her notepad, retracing every step, leaving nothing out.
“So then, have you thought more about possible psychic abilities?”
I admitted that I had and came up with a few examples for her. I told her I was very good at a card game where you had to pick out pairs from a spread of cards. It was supposed to be a memory game, but to me it was not. It was as if I could sense the cards. The family just shrugged at my run, considering me uncommonly lucky. “When I was a kid I thought everybody could do that. But after no one wanted to play with me anymore, I learned not to try so hard and let others win.
“One time, we were camping in the mountains and my sister went out on her own, looking for some wild flowers to press into a collection she was so proud of. Some ways off, she stumbled and twisted her ankle badly enough not to be able put any weight on it. Wisely she sat down and waited. When she did not return as expected, we all went looking for her but didn’t know which way she had gone. All the same, I led unerringly, deciding at eight different choice points, and found her in the end. We took her home and everybody said what luck that I was an Indian able to track an ant across a rock face. I was glad of course, but thought nothing more of it at the time.
“Then Jenny and I were joyriding in my parents’ car and I was driving on the curving back road above Raymond Falls. I was speeding, trying to impress her and she was squealing with excitement. I remember taking some chances. But on approaching a sharp curve, inexplicably I braked hard, and careering around the corner we nearly ran into a rock slide across the road. Had I not slowed, we would have slammed into the boulders and probably died. I told Jenny that I lost my nerve but that wasn’t it and to this day I can’t tell you what it was.” Dr. Sommerfeld dutifully noted everything on her pad and uttered regular encouraging noises. Uhuh, uhhuh, uhun.
“All very interesting.” She looked up at the ceiling, considering. “I guess I need more background on you; tell me about your family.”
I did. Gave details about my parents, my sister and myself. We were a fairly harmonious family with few issues to squabble about. My parents were supportive, and we were good kids, hardly any trouble. We liked being together.
“What does your father do for a living?”
“He is a structural engineer, compiling new load-bearing standards for different construction materials. He wanted me to become an engineer too, but I found it too cut and dried, needed more creativity. I’m in Humanities now, taking a mix of sociology, psychology and history.”
“And how are you doing academically?”
“A’s and A+’s.” I couldn’t keep the pride from my voice. The way she smiled, I suspected that she had been at the top of her class.
“What is your favorite subject?”
“I most enjoy my minor, Visual Arts, made up of art history, drawing, painting and design.”
“Interesting,” she said, copying the info into her notes. “What do you like the most?”
“Painting,” I replied without hesitation. “Generous use of color.”
“Any school or style?”
“Not really. Just an abstraction of what I see. Color saturation to capture nuances.”
“Interesting. Tell me about that.” Her head was in her notes; she was scribbling furiously.
“I try to bridge the gap between what I see and what I feel. I try to find the inner substance.”
“And are you any good at it?” Her eyes twinkled at me, daring me to be honest.
I made a face. “Most of my subjects can’t recognize themselves in my pictures of them because they are unaware of what they feel inside. But there are a few who instantly connect with my work.” She thought it through, chewing on her pen. “Too often we are distracted by outer appearances. A beautiful girl is not necessarily beautiful on the inside, but perhaps an ugly girl is.” It was important that she understood the distinction.
“Interesting.”
“That’s the fourth time you have said interesting, implying that it’s really boring.”
“Not at all. The very opposite in fact. Don’t you see a connection?” I didn’t. Connection? What to what? “You’re a sensitive person, we have established that. You see things that others don’t and you have learned not to talk about them, not to... not to sound peculiar. But through art you have found a socially accepted way to express what you couldn’t with words. After all an artist is supposed to be different, even eccentric. Everybody expects it.” She paused. “You have found art, or art has found you. Either way it has given you a medium to record and to communicate what you feel and not be censured for it.”
Slowly her explanation was penetrating my understanding; the scales fell from my eyes, and a lot of things became instantly clear. Yes. Of course! As an artist I could get away with things I never could with words. I remembered one painting in particular of a young girl that I had rendered in sickly greens and yellows, engulfed by murky darkness pressing in on her. She did not like it; nobody did. But two weeks later she was dead of some fatal disease she had not even been aware of. Did I see that in her aura? I saw something. At the time I just said that her vibe was wrong.
She saw the recognition percolate through to my awareness. She turned to a new page.
“I’m really not an expert on the extrasensory but all this seems pretty indicative that you possess a certain sensitivity.” Her look sharpened as she asked, “Would you be willing to test it?”
“Test what?” Obviously I was lagging a step behind again.
“Your sensitivity.” I must have looked a little dubious as she pulled out a pack of cards and held one out face down. “What is it?”
“What is it?” I asked rather stupidly. Did she really expect me to come up with an answer? I finally shrugged my shoulders. “The black queen.” She turned the card over and it was. The next card was the two of hearts, followed by the seven of spades. I got those right too. In fact out of the 37 cards I got 32 right. The misses were also close, often just one number off. She calculated that it amounted to better than an 85 percent success rate and thus was highly significant. There was a long silence after that. I could see she was having a hard time coping with the result. The ratio was just too high for her to digest comfortably.
I suddenly remembered something else. “I once told my cousin what would be on his exam and he passed it with an A. After that he hounded me before every upcoming test until I lied and gave him false information so I wouldn’t become a slave to his demands.” I rubbed my chin remembering. “I rationalized that I figured it out from the class notes. But I knew...”
She nodded rather stiffly, acknowledging my anecdotal report but I could see she was still having trouble. We soon wrapped up the session, and I spent the rest of the day in isolation, lying on my bunk, staring at the ceiling, deciphering the unevenness of the layers of paint. Surprisingly there were no vermin in the place. No cockroaches, no unwelcome visitors.
Tired of chasing too many questions with no answers, my mind bounced from one theme to the next. I was trying to pin down the insecurity I had felt all my life concerning emotions. At times I had felt almost retarded, unable to understand my own feelings. My instincts had been to step back, tone down, and suppress emotions all too easily aroused. Deny, deny, deny had been my strategy. Telling myself I wasn’t feeling something specific. Of course then I didn’t know how sensitive I was to outside influences, unable to separate what came from within and what from the outside. Dr. Sommerfeld’s explanation now made it clear how I was under constant emotional attack from other people around me. No wonder I was confused and tuned out. A lot of things became clearer—but not my dream.
I did not see Dr. Sommerfeld again until the next afternoon. Right away I felt a difference in her behavior. Somehow she reverted to a more professional role and the nurturance was turned off. I felt that suddenly I had graduated into a real enigma, and she had to be careful not to be fooled into a premature conclusion. She offered the card tricks again, and I was tempted to fake bad for her so she could relax around me again, but then I remembered Jenny and I tried earnestly. I think I tried a little too hard and achieved only 76 percent. I was disappointed for I wanted to provide conclusive proof for her. But she seemed satisfied.
She asked about Jenny and I spent two hours talking about her. Repeatedly I broke into tears on suddenly remembering that she was gone. The doctor made notes, her pen flying over the paper in a desperate effort to keep up. This of course accelerated me as I was trying equally hard to stay ahead of her pen. But these spurts were interrupted by many silences as I tried to stuff my emotions back in place. She said little but waited for me to proceed at my own pace. The more I talked the more I realized how much I loved Jenny and how we should never have broken up. She was gone and the world seemed a whole lot emptier. But there was her killer out there, who needed to be found and punished. A hard hate grew out of the unfairness that he was alive and she was dead. I stuffed that into the gaping hole of her absence. At least when I hated, I forgot how much I missed her.
Coming to the end of the session, Dr. Sommerfeld again glanced through her notes. She made a face and said somewhat hesitantly, “You have something but I am not sure what.” She looked up, her eyes speculative. I was beginning to recognize some of her expressions. She was trying to plot her strategy to attack the enigma. “Psychics seem to consider a victim’s personal effects very important. There is supposed to be some leftover energy or emanations of what has actually happened. The more intense the encounter the more clear the effect.” I must have made big eyes at her for she hurried to add somewhat defensively, “Many police forces across the country use psychics to help them solve cases where all the clues have dried up. They can read things from what people touched or wore... the longer the contact or association the stronger the residual effect. Sometimes a clairvoyant can provide insights into a mystery that has eluded investigators for years.” A look of intent overlaid her expression. “Would you be willing to look at some of Jenny’s things?” I was shocked. Was she serious or was she winging it? She did not feel confident about it because she hurried to add, “Handle a few items belonging to her.”
I was immensely sad by this point. Handle things Jenny had touched? But I gritted my teeth; we had to find the end of this, and I nodded my agreement. I kept nodding as the two women gathered up the stuff. I glanced at her watch and calculated: she had spent three hours with me, half a day if you added transportation time.
“Don’t you have other clients?” I asked.
She reddened slightly, and I knew I hit a nerve and was immediately sorry for it.

Upon her arrival the next day, she put a pair of sunglasses, a key, a small gilded make-up mirror, a pen, a charm, a silk kerchief, a simple brooch and a small booklet in front of me. I looked at each item carefully but nothing jumped to mind. All the pieces had a hint of quality about them that testified of Jenny: she loved understated elegance. Thus I eliminated one of the sunglasses because I found rhinestones embedded in the frame—too garish for her taste. The other was the wrong tint of cool blue: she would have surely preferred a warmer tint to look through. The brooch was too big, not in proportion. The color of the kerchief was too loud to be anything she would wear. Still I felt nothing. “Touch them. Handle them. See how they feel. Some might feel like Jenny. Select what belonged to her,” Dr. Sommerfeld instructed, observing me closely.
I picked up the booklet, let the pages flip through my fingers but I put it aside; none of it was in her handwriting: the letters were too large and awkward. Unscrewing the cap, I found that the pen was a fountain pen and I rejected that too: she would never risk ink leaking all over the stuff in her purse. She preferred ball point. I also rejected the charm, since it somehow elevated luck over ability, which she would never do. The key was harder, but it too was retired because of the small heart etched into the metal: Jenny would spurn the juvenile sentimentality. That left only the small compact. It was neat and simple, utilitarian, but with a brushed finish. It felt smooth in my hand. I still felt nothing but it was the only thing left. I offered it to Dr. Sommerfeld. She waited to see if I would change my mind under her unwavering gaze, but I didn’t. With a sped-up motion, she put the things away, saying in a strained voice, “None of these were hers. They are either mine or borrowed.” She regarded me levelly to see how I would cope with the information. I swallowed hard, feeling that I had failed her test.
“You tricked me.”
“How?” Her voice matched my shocked tone.
“You gave me stuff that wasn’t hers but set up such strong expectations. I felt no connection with any of the things but the task demanded a choice and so I made it. I thought if she had to buy something then that is what she would have picked—but not the others. My mind decided, not my—how did you put it—sensitivity. Anyway I have no experience with these things.”
Although she nodded as if giving me some credit, I still felt that I had lost ground. Perhaps it was reassuring for her not to stumble over another extrasensory capability. But I was disappointed. I was getting used to being somehow exceptional, and now that was cast into doubt.
I hurried to fill the gap. “Once on ski patrol I was assigned a time slot, but for some reason, I traded days and missed the trauma of an avalanche that took out two children and their father.” Dr. Sommerfeld just frowned at me, leaving me to ponder if that had undermined my credibility even more.
Not surprisingly, I again had great difficulty settling into sleep. More than ever I felt under a cloud of suspicion, even by the psychologist I thought was on my side.
For the first time I concentrated on her, Dr. Amanda Sommerfeld, apart from my own needs. After all she was a person in her own right and I tried to see her in that light: someone with a life different from my own. This revelation sounded stupidly simple—but in the upheaval of the battle I was trapped in, nothing seemed obvious. Perhaps outside, in the normal world, it would have been self-evident. Here, nothing was. We talked of intense life and death issues, not small talk. Truth and lie were measured, deciphered, recorded word by word, everything in the context of an ongoing murder investigation. Under the circumstances, truth had a different weight than in the everyday world. A simple half truth became magnified beyond its seeming worth.
Dr. Sommerfeld was passionate for the truth—I felt it. Or was I ascribing qualities to her just because they would serve me better? Had she really tried to trick me or was she trying to convince herself of my abilities? Burdened with a scientific mind, she must struggle with skepticism trained into her over long years of education. To be a victim of a con must be one of a psychologist’s deepest worries. Why should I fault her for doubting when I doubted myself? I sighed, having reached another dead end.
I turned my thoughts to Jenny, remembering small episodes of our four years together. I recalled once taking Jenny camping into the back country wilderness. Her family was way more affluent than mine, and they took vacations in resorts, never roughing it in the wild. Jenny was afraid she would be bored and was greatly surprised when she wasn’t. I shared with her the quiet of the outdoors. No people to intrude. I always felt restored by the stillness and the isolation. Now, thanks to Dr. Sommerfeld, I knew that among people I was fatigued by having to block out their leaking emotions—having to constantly screen out their noises. Yes, all that now made more sense.
I also felt Jenny’s presence very strongly, as if she were in my cell. At one point I even looked about the dim interior, trying to find her. The advantage of bare furnishings was that there was nowhere to hide. There were only the cot and the table. Of course there was nobody. But then that invited a consideration of the spirit world into my cell. What if, and it would have to be a very big if, the spirit world was like a two-dimensional being trying to live in our three-dimensional world. Having height and width but absolutely no thickness... All they would have to do is turn sideways to disappear entirely from our view, invisible but still there. 
I tried to sense Jenny. If I really had psychic powers then that should be easy, right? I definitely did feel something. Perhaps intuited in some way. I tried to rationalize it. I felt that through four years we had learned to connect, and if the horror movies were right, then the terrible ordeal of her death kept her spirit with us longer than usual, and so it would not be so strange that she would try to contact me somehow. Add to that my sensitivities, which I suddenly kept stumbling over, then it became a given. Did that explain my dream? A playback of actual events as they happened? All my learning argued against it, yet my instincts inclined me to believe it.
So I addressed the darkness. “Jenny what do you want? What is it you are trying to tell me?” I was filled with so much intensity that it hurt, clamping down on me. I struggled for a while, just trying to breathe. I cried, not wanting to cry; and I remembered, wanting and not wanting to, all at the same time.
I was drifting in and out of sleep, still trying to solve the case. I saw Mr. Balfour holding out a deck of cards, addressing the jury, “Mr. Foreman, please take a card and don’t show it to anyone. Mr. Howard will now demonstrate his psychic abilities by telling you the exact card you hold.” The members of the jury all turned their eyes on me. The judge, the whole courtroom, waited expectantly. “Seven of diamonds,” I tried. It wasn’t. The 12 next cards produced 12 more misses.
Mr. Balfour objected, “Your Honor, these cards have been sabotaged by the prosecution...”
The District Attorney bounced to his feet, “It seems obvious that the accused doesn’t know his cards from his asshole...” Even the jury snickered. Thankfully, at that point I woke up.
On reflection the dream had a point. ESP was a double-edged weapon. It explained my claim to the very few inclined to believe it but stirred up intense skepticism in most others. Any proof I would be able to show would be regarded as a cheap underhanded parlor trick. I resolved that as much as I could, I would play my abilities down. No use giving the case to the opposition gift-wrapped.  


Chapter 4

The next day, Tuesday I think, started the same as the previous. Roused at 6:30, I washed up and ate another uninspiring breakfast. Then I sat on the bunk staring at the wall or at the light streaming through the small window higher up.
I could not believe that after five days I was still in jail, having seen little of my family—not that I wanted to especially, as I didn’t want to add the burden of their worry to the load I was already carrying. In some measure I felt comfortably safe in my cell, protected from the emotional turmoil that must be seething on the outside. I don’t think I could face people and former friends who now believed that I could be guilty of such a monstrous crime. Yes, for most it would be reassuring to have the murderer securely behind bars rather than loose in the community, ready to pounce again.
Midmorning the fire alarm shrilled, interrupting the boredom. A rookie rushed me out of the cell, hustled me downstairs to join the entire police force and inmates assembled into a nervous crowd outside. Curious people passing by added to our gathering, searching for any signs of a fire that had caused the uproar. Caught up in the confusion, I considered the possibility of slipping away but dismissed it immediately: I needed to be on the inside, pulling strings, getting the police to work on Jenny’s case. On the run I would be too busy fleeing to work on her behalf. No, I was better off in jail.
Fire trucks arrived; crews rushed the building, heightening the tension. Still no smoke anywhere. In five minutes they returned, reporting that the whole thing had been a false alarm.
“The system is too old,” the fire chief explained to the police commissioner. “I repeatedly told the council that it needs to be updated to code. But the penny pinching assholes keep on ignoring it. One day the whole rat’s nest will burn down for real ...” The commissioner swore fluently enough to make his Irish ancestors proud. We were herded back and deposited in our various cells.
A short while later, I faced the symbiotic twins, Maclure and Smythe, in another round of “questioning.” Questioning was not the right term, as few actual questions were asked; it was rather a torrent of accusations which I threw back in their faces. There seemed to be an added urgency in their attempts and after prying and cajoling, I got out of them that the lab results were back and confirmed that the DNA did not match me. Much to the irritation of my two “friends,” I could not keep the jubilation from my voice. Consequently, I was demoted from prime suspect to a mere accomplice. I had to be present at the crime scene, was their firm supposition, to be such an accurate witness of the events. They also admitted there were tire tracks at the scene, but nothing defined enough to allow identification of make and model.
Now they were faced with the daunting task of finding the real killer. They redoubled the pressure on me to reveal that person’s identity. I reiterated that I did not know, but also that I thought he was a stranger to Jenny and me.
“How do you know that?” Maclure and Smythe demanded in unison.
“The way I know anything about this case, by the feel of it. I never get to have a clear look at his face. He keeps to the periphery of my vision.” I didn’t know how to explain it any better.
I also described the car again as best as I could from the same partial view. Something would jump at me vividly for an instant in the flash of passing headlights, then fade back into darkness. I was also trying to explain my perspective; it was not through Jenny’s eyes, nor the attacker’s; the “camera setup” was close in but still outside the action. In all this I was not a distant bystander but drawn horror-struck into the emotional vortex of all that was happening. Maclure and Smythe did not want to listen to any of it.
In spite of my frustration, in a small way I felt sorry for them. The two made up the entire Homicide department. They had no backup and little assistance. All the town’s services operated on a shoestring budget. The Medical Examiner was a retired podiatrist for God’s sake. There was no in-house crime lab: everything had to be sent to the capital for evaluation. Often, during slow times, the two had to fill other roles, serving summons, inspecting trucks for safety violations. I despaired about getting anything out of the Westchester Police. Maclure and Smythe plodded along, cynically aware of their shortcomings.
After the two detectives left I was taken to the Court House. I was shackled hand and foot and had to take awkward short steps that the chain allowed. In the foyer I was reunited with Mr. Balfour, and flanked by two uniformed officers, led into the court room. There were law clerks, court reporters and a few spectators farther back on the benches. I was pushed onto a seat in a solid looking enclosure, forced to observe the proceedings through the surrounding bars.
For a while I had to share my bench with an unsavory character charged with break and enter and assault with a weapon, a crowbar.
“So you are the little prick who offed the girl in the park.” His voice was enlarged by contempt. “Just wait until I get your ass in jail, I’ll teach you a thing or two. Harr, harr.” He leaned toward me, leering, appearing ready to do something right in court. I was relieved when two cops led him away, prodding him along with obvious relish. They should have tasered his insolent ass. It was disconcerting, however, that my infamy preceded me into hard-core jail.
Nothing much was happening around me. Everyone was waiting for the judge. A low murmur filled the high-vaulted room, and I intercepted many looks in my direction. I reminded myself that I was a celebrity, a notorious killer exciting national interest. On the bench outside my enclosure Mr. Balfour was arranging his papers.
“This won’t take long. The judge will rubber stamp the prosecutor’s request to keep you incarcerated while the police continue their investigation. They will make the claim that you are a dangerous offender. There is enough circumstantial evidence that they will get away with it. But don’t be overly concerned, it is normal procedure, nothing out of the ordinary.”
The minutes clicked by but still no judge appeared. Without him, the whole place was suspended in lethargy. Soon bored, I closed my eyes, trying to sample the mood of the place. My head began to fill with murmuring of a different sort. Cautiously, I expanded my circle; the murmuring increased and shimmering colors flooded my inner vision. I tried to sort through the confusion, but the strands of emotions were tightly interwoven. I opened my eyes, fixed my view on an attractive law clerk and tried to separate her from the rest. The color fluctuation became more synchronized, with a sense of rhythm to it. I tried to bring her more into focus and the details sharpened, but then everything was obliterated by a blast of angry reds. Three guards were manhandling an individual, dressed like me in an orange prison jumper. The man was swearing loudly and resisting all the way into another cage like mine. “The case after you,” Mr. Balfour supplied, “a guy who killed a buddy in a drunken bar fight.” So, just a common garden variety murderer, not the monster I was presumed to be. I withdrew my feelers, as the man’s outburst had totally contaminated my reading of the room.
I was amazed. I had never done that before, reached out consciously and scanned a room. On rare occasions, with a brush in hand, I sensed something like it, which I tried to get on canvas—but that was an artist’s eye interpreting. This, however, was an intentional effort. All my life I had worked at keeping things out so it was a novel experience to be letting them in. I could hardly wait to tell Dr. Sommerfeld.
A sudden activity charged the room when the judge finally made his entrance and ensconced himself in the high chair that overlooked the court. Like actors performing a well-rehearsed scene, all the various parts and functions came together with a speed that left me behind. I could barely understand the staccato rhythm of the reading of the prosecutor’s application. Something about the preponderance of evidence suggesting firsthand involvement... how I posed a flight risk... a danger to the rest of the community. Mr. Balfour stood and spoke about this being my first brush with the law, my status as a good student and son, the evidence being mostly circumstantial. It barely put a dent in the proceedings.
I was remanded into custody indefinitely, pending a psychiatric evaluation to determine my competence to stand trial. The judge signed the order, and a copy of it was provided to both sides. The judge instructed the police to expedite matters and wrap up the investigation so the case could proceed to trial.
On principle Mr. Balfour argued against the time constraints, that the defense would need more time to prepare, and won a concession of two more months. The gavel was banged and the hearing was over; I was conveyed back to jail.
Then, it was Dr. Sommerfeld’s turn at me. She was distant, her face closed, almost withdrawn. Immediately after setting up, she took some items from her purse and arranged them on the table. With a gesture, she offered them for my inspection. I shook my head no; I wasn’t going to be tricked twice.
“This time there are some real items from her, mixed in with others that are unrelated. I asked her parents for them because I couldn’t get the police to release anything in their possession for fear of contaminating the evidence. Yesterday, I was reluctant—no, afraid to ask Jennifer’s parents for anything, knowing how much they are still grieving. But they were kind enough to give me a few items.”
Petulant, I still refused. I was determined not to make it easy for her. After the session in court, I felt rather alone and was inclined to be obstinate.
She swallowed. “All right, I do have to apologize for the last time. It was wrong of me to mislead you. It was not even scientific. Believe me, psychology knows the power of expectations. I know you don’t know your capabilities, but neither do I. I fully expected you to say on first look, ‘None of these are hers.’ I never anticipated the difficulties I built into the test. But my intention was not to trick you. It was to see how acute your sensitivity is.” She looked at me to see any softening of my resistance. “Please understand that I need reassurance too. It’s very hard for me to put aside the scientific blinders that refuse to investigate the extrasensory. But I promise I’ll try very hard from now on to maintain an open mind.”
I was still unwilling. I had spent a mournful night feeling abandoned by all, and was reluctant to give in too easily.
“You asked me to help and I am willing to try. But you have to cooperate and not shut off the process just because you have no control of it. If I am to present evidence to a jury based on what we find, then it has to be unassailable. I will not offer a half-baked supposition to be torn to shreds on the witness stand.” She was getting hot under the collar too, I noted with some satisfaction, glad to have her fully engaged. I needed her to be as committed as I was. Likewise, it was reassuring to see her take some risks too.
I sorted through the items, placing some to the side that I thought I recognized as belonging to her. The rest I considered individually, handling them gingerly. I didn’t know what to expect; I could not “feel” anything distinct. Repeatedly I shook my head, as if sloughing off discouragement at my lack of progress.
All the while, she talked to me encouragingly. “I consulted a colleague I went to graduate school with, who is a recognized expert in the area of paranormal psychology and who has worked with psychics closely, trying to prove or disprove their claims. He warned me there are a lot of charlatans out there who prey on a gullible public but he did encounter a few whose results he could not refute. And there are documented instances of crimes solved with their help, but most he said were fakes practicing a scam for profit.” She then used some technical terms to bolster my confidence, but much of it went over my head. “The main thing seems to be the degree of confidence one feels in responding to a reading. Looking for a very quiet voice amidst a lot of shouting and things clamoring for attention. Our minds impose a more plausible reason for the unexplained, so you must screen out that interfering voice of what you know and what you have learned. You have to open yourself up to a new reality.”
Her advice was not helping and not a twinge of recognition reached my consciousness. What did I expect, a lightning bolt of recognition to strike me? The searing transfer of a complete vision with movie-like focus, with some continuity-girl checking the frames for a break in consistency? Nothing like that happened to me. I was wondering if I was a victim of movie magic, my head too full of visual effects, to recognize the real feel of things. The item, a hairbrush in my hand, told me nothing. Peering closer, in-between the bristles, I found a few honey-colored hairs and my senses screamed at me that they were hers. But that drowned out the quiet voice the doctor was talking about. I laid the brush aside and tried a simple silver bracelet. I ran my thumb along the smooth metal, trying to feel its essence, but it did not radiate ownership. It was a simple, high quality item from some years ago—for the size would no longer fit her wrists—but there was a harmony in terms of design and grace. Yes, I could see her wearing it when she was ten or eleven. But I had to keep my mind out of it, so I tried to turn my thoughts off, tried to stay away from conclusions and remain receptive. Whatever I was reaching for had to come from the thing itself, not my brain. That was of course hard to do because I still had to “channel” the recognition through my brain in order to communicate with myself. “Turn sideways,” I whispered to myself, slip into a new dimension with other realities.
“What?” she asked, her brow furrowed as she concentrated on me. I just shook my head. I felt uniquely complimented by her attention. She was an attractive woman, if somewhat ethereal and distant in a very self-contained manner. In spite of all that had happened, the emotional ups and downs centered on the tragedy, I was reacting to her physical presence. A sense of guilt washed through me, as if I was being untrue to Jenny even though we broke up years ago. But then a very strange thing happened, as if a thought, not exactly, a pre-thought was trying to work its way through all the other thoughts into some form of realization. Almost by instinct, without any intent, I rearranged the items in front of me. One set on the right, the other on the left. I heard her sudden intake of breath, and I looked up at her questioningly. Her face was slack as astonishment or something redrew her expression, making her unfamiliar. The effect was electric on me. My jaw dropped. We stared at each other for a while and then she showed me her list. All the items on the right belonged to Jenny, but none on the left.
“How did you do that?” she asked, her eyes round, some of her identity seeping back into her face.
“I don’t know,” and I really didn’t. It was as much a mystery to me as to her. I had a flash of irritation; she was the doctor; she had the p-h-and-d, not me. Turning inward I sensed a preconscious thought struggling to define itself. But the language was missing to describe it, and anyway, there was no grammar to hold the words together.
“Did you... feel anything?” She struggled to get back into a more professional mode.
“Like a vision linking the item to her?” I was interrogating my mind, but my brain returned an unmistakable no. My brain wanted to know nothing of a brand new language that would force it to re-categorize the total inventory of my thoughts and history. It would necessitate rewriting my entire experience set. The task was just too daunting. I sighed tiredly. This thing, the dream, the tragedy of Jenny’s death, was totally consuming me already. I needed to work on myself, learn to protect my personality from emotional overloads and start reconnecting with reality, getting on with my life. But I knew, without a doubt, that I could not leave it unresolved.
If I was having trouble, so was my doctor. She had the whole weight of her Ph.D. protesting, the accumulation of all her learning trying to argue against the results of the experiment. And she struggled with the conflicting protocols. Although we had both expected something, such brazen confirmation was overwhelming.
“Let the chips fall where they may,” I parroted without thinking and our eyes locked, our faces just inches away. I again noticed how tantalizing she looked and immediately cringed at the choice of the word tantalizing as a wimpy way of describing her attractiveness. There should be a more manly way of characterizing it, but nothing other than “hot” came to mind. That I was twenty-three and she, maybe thirty something, did not bother me at all.
She selected three items and passed them to me. “Keep them overnight. Handle them and see what pops out at you.” She collected the rest of her stuff and made ready to go. “Again I apologize for the other day. I had no right to do that. But I think we both learned from it.” She said it in such a conciliatory tone that at first I thought she was playing me again, but her sincerity shone through and I smiled to let her know that things were good between us. She seemed exhausted and I sympathized; I was tremendously energized but also fatigued by the onrush of new insights. As much as I hated to interrupt the gains made, I was relieved when we parted.

After lunch, Mr. Balfour came to see me. He explained that a psychiatric evaluation was being scheduled by the court, but there was protracted haggling over the choice of professionals. Mr. Balfour believed the court’s preference to be prejudicial to my interest. “They have a cadre of psychiatrists at their beck and call, but I fear they know all too well which side their bread is buttered on and are inclined to find that way. I am proposing someone more independent of the court and police. A Dr. Haverstock from Mission City. He is very well respected but has a history of swimming against the official current. So the disagreement is holding things up. They won’t consider bail without an examination.” He looked around the cell then at me. “You seem content enough in here.” I was not discontented, but how he decided that so unilaterally was beyond me. “There is some difficulty getting your parents in to see you because the last time your mother turned emotional and made a few unwise accusations. That prejudiced the police against them.” I could well imagine; mother tended to react too protectively, sometimes embarrassing us. I had suffered through plenty of such episodes.
Mr. Balfour tried to explain some of the legal implications confronting me—but I had a hard time concentrating. He stated that for an insanity defense, it was not enough just to attack the prosecution’s case on grounds of reasonable doubt; insanity had to be proven irrefutably. This was much harder, for the burden of proof was entirely on the defense. But he rattled his papers energetically and assured me he was up to the task: I could depend on him. I would have preferred someone who was convinced of my innocence, but I still had a hard time believing that the case against me would actually reach the court.
He passed me some letters that had landed in his office. After he left I opened one but threw it away after the first few sentences that attacked me for the crime I hadn’t committed. I opened one more from someone that I attended classes with but also threw it away after encountering a few rather crude curses. I didn’t bother with the rest.
They gave me some magazines, mostly stuff more appealing to macho types than me. There were a few men’s fashion magazines and one automobile magazine, but I didn’t feel like browsing through them. My thoughts wandered aimlessly about. In spite of all my troubles I was strangely elated; an artist needed hardships and challenges to draw upon for inspiration. Up to now my life had been too comfortable to ignite that “fire in the belly” to power my creative expression. I had now experienced firsthand that there was evil in this world, pain and injustice. Life was a struggle between competing impulses and in dealing with them I was maturing quickly, deeply conscious of the loss of my naiveté. I wondered how this change was going to affect my life and work as an artist. I already perceived the world in a darker hue... yet I was infused with new challenges and aspirations. My fingers itched to hold my brushes and palette, and I found myself painting on a mental canvas. “There is a silver lining,” I mumbled to myself, “even in hell.”
Somewhat later, I fingered Jenny’s comb, trying to “connect” with her. Nothing. I was trying to still the chaos of random thoughts that kept interfering, but the problem was that I had to look at each emerging idea to see if it was the one I was expecting. Why didn’t it play out like my dream, in a fairly orderly fashion? The mechanics of how this worked were beyond me. I tried not to question it: there were enough inhibitions already and I did not want to add to them. It was tiring, and I let everything wash over me without any critical review.
I don’t know when I first became aware of it, but there was a flash of Jenny, combing through her hair as if seeing herself reflected in a mirror. I sat bolt upright and focused on her image but it instantly disappeared and didn’t reconstitute. Disappointed that I couldn’t hold onto it, I picked up the pen and again felt and saw nothing. After a while, however, as I twirled the thing between my fingers, I had the feeling of being back in class. I felt the same trapped feeling, the drowsing inattention and the same impatience for the closing buzzer. I don’t know how else to explain it. No sight, no sound, no concrete feelings—more like something stirred up by smell, recognizing it without being able to put together the precise components.
I practiced a good part of the night and the only thing I learned was not to force. Don’t look for it directly; there was more success in taking a step back and looking from the periphery. Often I found myself colliding with raw emotions without any context. Feelings unassociated with any memory, with no history to backtrack. The recognition was either intuited or fabricated for a mind that insisted on imposing order on confusion. Why were such random impressions suppressed in the first place? I was struggling with my own need for structure, which now impeded my progress on this new, uncharted course. It seemed to me that smell was a good way of characterizing it, as that sense seemed to have the least ability to document itself into a concrete memory that could be retrieved by normal, everyday thought processes. The indexing was missing. It was like having Google lobotomized from its vast library of pointers and indexes. What search engine could cope with that? Certainly not a human brain—or was I proving the opposite of all that?
Now that I had some experience of what I decided to call “intuiting”—much like deep-sea diving, confined in a bulky suit, unsure of what I was likely to encounter in the murky depths and moving only with great difficulty against the pressure of the resisting water—I tried to tease apart these impressions, constantly warning myself not to define them too closely and get trapped into some logical cul-de-sac from which I would later have to extricate myself. I also worried about losing my mind in the process of opening it up to these unfamiliar processes. What if each experience of this new phenomenon was eroding the framework I had so carefully built up over the years, which defined my intelligence, habit patterns and my entire personality? Was I willing to risk all that? It seemed a high price, and for what? Then I focused on Jenny again, reminding myself that it was all on her account and that I should not be so selfish. It was no wonder I ended up with a throbbing headache, caught up in these opposing impulses. I don’t remember when I finally fell asleep but on waking, I recalled dreams involving Jenny, and desperately wanted to hold onto them.

After breakfast they put cuffs on me, linked to a belt chain that went around my waist. Two police officers and a prison guard drove me to the hospital, where doctors examined me thoroughly. I was prodded, X-rayed, and blood samples were taken from me. I felt very much under the microscope, dissected into constituent parts, like in biology lab. In between tests I waited, aware of the many looks aimed at me, a few outright hostile. I ate at the hospital cafeteria, which thankfully served much better food than the prison. The guard ignored me but the policemen did try to draw me out. I said it was a shame how people seemed to have made up their minds about me, but they veered away from the topic. They talked of game scores and league standings instead, and immediately I lost interest.
It was mid-afternoon when they took me back to jail through one gate, and waited till it closed behind us before the one ahead opened to let us through. I was taken to my cell, and left alone there. Strangely I felt safer and more comfortable. I appreciated the nudity of my little place, the lack of clutter, which somehow allowed me to concentrate better on what I had to do to get through this.
Later my father was allowed a brief visit. He brought some magazines and chocolate but wasn’t allowed to give them to me. He seemed very apologetic that they had not been able to arrange my bail. Mom thought it better not to come with him and risk offending the authorities again, which could somehow rebound on me. I continued to assure Dad and even to claim to enjoy my enforced vacation from college. He told me that Shaw and Kerry came by every day to inquire after me. Good old Shaw. It would take more than one murder to scare him off. 
Maclure and Smythe double-teamed me again. We were in the interrogation room and they had me on a long leash, allowing me to stride up and down the room that was twice the size of my cell, letting me stretch my legs. I looked into the mirror, smoothed down my hair and intuited two observers behind the darkened glass. I looked fixedly at each, enjoying the weird sensation that they must have felt as they reacted to my obvious focus on each one in turn. Yes, I was getting better at this, whatever this was.
Still, I was deeply dissatisfied. I had waived my rights in the hope of spurring the two detectives into positive action but got nothing in return. They focused all their energies on me, trying to bury me. What were these bozos doing, letting the real murderer get away? “Easy now,” I cautioned myself. “Remember Dr. Sommerfeld’s advice not to be distracted by the obvious.” How did she put it? “Don’t watch the hand that is moving, watch the one that isn’t, hiding the real intent.” I had a very small window that Maclure and Smythe let me peek through; they hid relevant information hoping to trap me by my ignorance. I had no real overview of my case, often had to guess, the rest was left in doubt.

Dr. Sommerfeld was already waiting for me in my cell on my return. The day was turning out better than I could have hoped. I fell from one interesting event into another.
“Hi doc,” I said as irreverently as I could, enjoying how my tone registered. She liked status and respect, and that, more than anything else, must have motivated her career success. But I had seen genuine caring at the expense of her own dignity and gave her full credit for it. She was willing to risk her pristine professionalism for a cause, though I didn’t yet know her limits. Just how much could I depend on her when she was confronted by officialdom? At times I conveniently forgot that she was part of that hierarchy.
She tried a few new tests and asked me outright what she was thinking. I was somewhat dumbfounded by the request to invade her privacy but I was also rocked that she would even consider the possibility that I could do it.
“I’ll make it easy. I am thinking of a number from one to nine...”
“Six,” I replied without hesitation. There followed two, nine, three and one; each a hit. Her battleship was soon sinking if not already sunk. She enlarged the playing field from one to a hundred, and my hit ratio decreased but remained astonishingly high. I was running away with confidence and cheekily blamed my misses on the clutter in her mind. “You have to concentrate too!”
She reddened slightly, but the color became her since she was usually on the pale side, even anemic. “Can you tell me what I’m thinking now?” she asked, her lips trembling slightly.
The question rocked me again, but I extended myself, touched her thoughts and recoiled from the contact. I didn’t know if she felt it, but she got pale again. I withdrew immediately, retreating within the boundaries of my body, experiencing the crossing of my skin as an opening and closing, much like a door. I didn’t know how to explain it better. I was fumbling for words for something that I never saw defined or heard of, not even in the movies where fantasy had free rein. We parted subdued after only twenty minutes, both of us feeling the need for distance to absorb this. Read thoughts? I strode up and down the cell, which was more like a constant turning because of its closeness. Would I have to learn someone else’s inner language to understand? The brief contact had been palpable but did not convey any information beyond its impact. And why had I never experienced anything like it before? There must have been plenty of opportunities. If I had such abilities now then I must have had them in the past. Then I realized again that I very likely had, but either passively ignored or actively suppressed them. There was a whole new feast of “food for thought.” No wonder that I stirred up another headache.
Still I couldn’t let go, striding about, worrying. So, I couldn’t read thoughts but could somehow extract numbers. Why one but not the other? I was growing impatient with these walls I encountered, the limitations and boundaries around my abilities. Was this an anomaly affecting only me or did we all have the ability? Was it somehow stamped into the DNA, controlled by some gene on a specific chromosome? And if we could feel around on the outside of ourselves, how far could we reach into the distance? Into the past? Into the future? I felt frightened by these questions and didn’t even dare to explore beyond them. Tomorrow, I promised myself. There will be time enough tomorrow. But if we all had it, then no one would be safe, or find refuge and privacy anywhere. I actually hoped I didn’t have such a far-reaching capability, and hoped to confirm that tomorrow.
I had heard of children demonstrating photographic memory, but losing it growing up. Education seemed to be the culprit; people in primitive societies seemed to retain the ability much longer. Learning happened by inhibiting anything extraneous and then organizing it into a coherent schema by suppressing the rest. After that, we saw things in context of a structure and discarded the unordered rest. Photographic memory and my “psychic” sensitivity fell victim to the same learning filter.

The next couple of days proved very exciting; one discovery led to another. I could connect with another mind, but not read it in a concise and concrete manner. I could isolate individual sensations but not access an entire neural network that represented a complete, self-contained thought. The most I could intercept were disjointed segments or even just echoes of them but never a whole. Sometimes I was able to capture the commitment attached to a decision but not its content. Likewise, I was often capable of discerning emotional states, moods and synchronizing neural bursts. I even found it possible to touch a localized spot, extract bits and pieces of information but not flash through an area that seemed at the root of the thinking process.
Dr. Sommerfeld shared my excitement fully, and I admired her courage to allow herself to be probed this way by me. There was a definite sense of crossing boundaries, invading a person’s so-called aura, the energy field that surrounded their body, within which all physical and mental processes took place. There was a most definite effort needed to penetrate those barriers. Her eyes flickered at me as she learned to recognize my intrusions. “What did you find?” she would ask, almost anxiously. Most often I had to disappoint her, for I couldn’t find a coherent unit of thought. Unlike in the receptive mode, where I had to reduce focus, here I had to concentrate it. In a very short time I found myself sapped of energy and had to rest often. It definitely took more effort to probe for thoughts and feelings than to receive impressions.
God only knows what Helga in her corner thought of our body language, heads close together, whispering in terse back and forth. She never intruded and most times, we were hardly aware of her. After about two hours she’d start fidgeting, spurring us to squeeze something else into the expiring time. After every session I had a sense of having worked myself into near exhaustion.

The first thing after breakfast the next day I was dragged off to interrogation. Right away the mood was different; they seemed pleased, even jubilant. We went through the whole thing again; they were comparing notes against my statements. I was careful to add or subtract nothing. The figures of the dance had by now become very formalized, but this time, I had a greater sense of being the quarry and I caught myself wanting to flee from their questions. They didn’t let on what changed the balance of power.
Mr. Balfour who came right after was quick to inform me, “They executed a second search warrant on your house...” The second? I hadn’t heard about the first! “They went through your things one at a time, then through the entire premises. Your mother cried the whole time, and the house looked vandalized. Then they moved into the garage, emptied every tin of rusty nails and screws, every box of odds and ends. Then they attacked the garden with a metal detector, digging up bushes and perennials.” Oh, my wretched mother, years of toil destroyed. “Buried among the flowers, they found a knife and a plastic bag of what they called trophy mementos. Bits and pieces of her clothing from the killing.” The last he said in a flat voice but his eyes were boring into mine. “There were no fingerprints, of course. The things had been wiped clean.”
This could not be! I screamed inside, but all I could say was that I was innocent. Mr. Balfour just nodded his head as if he had expected nothing different. He had been reluctant to fully embrace an insanity defense and had previously tried to scare me away from it into some confession which would free him to make a plea bargain. But with so much evidence piling up against me the prosecution did not need to make a deal or surrender any concessions.
“They could go for Murder in the First Degree. They have the evidence,” Mr. Balfour confirmed the worst. He left more dejected than I had ever seen him before.

Dr. Sommerfeld arrived but distracted as I was, I could find no pleasure in her presence this time. We tried a few more experiments and confirmed what we already knew but tried nothing new.
Later she admitted to me that she was under pressure to write up a summary of her findings to present to the court. She feared that the report would be twisted to be used against me in some way and she could not prevent it. She warned that she could not control the questions she might be asked on the stand. More bad news, I feared, but her wanting to help was obvious. 
“I’m innocent. The knife and things they found in my home and garden were planted. Someone is trying to frame me.”
“Who would do that?”
“The real murderer. It lets him off the hook. I don’t entirely trust the police but I don’t think they would go as far as to plant evidence to get a conviction. But the find must have been heaven sent for their case. There must be tremendous pressure on them to solve the case, and they single-mindedly latched onto me. Meanwhile the real murderer is free.” As I talked I watched her eyes, noting her reactions, her pupils expanding and contracting, and the small muscles of her face reflecting her conviction. It would have been useful to sample her thoughts to see what effect my assurances were having, but under the circumstances, such a violation of trust would be fatal for my credit with her. I could sense her wavering, but then saw a decision firm up and by the way she smiled I knew it went in my favor. I let out an explosive breath in relief. She, at least, knew that I had a sensitivity that allowed for the possibility of “my dream” that was at the crux of the accusations against me.
Before she left, I asked her to bring me some car magazines the next time. She frowned, trying to process the significance of my request. “I need to identify the car in the dream sequence. Though I saw parts of it clearly, I never saw all of it. If I have to identify it then I have to do it from parts: from the front headlights cluster and the brake light assembly. They had very distinct configurations.” She just nodded yes to my request as she and Helga left.
There followed a long stretch of empty time that I spent going over my case. I was plainly worried. I hadn’t been quite up to it until now but it was impossible to ignore the mounting weight of evidence against me. But the more I thought, the clearer it became that the real killer was behind this, trying to deflect all attention from himself. And he did not have to work all that hard to do it. My name had been leaked to the media before a court injunction could prevent it, and all it took was to bury a few incriminating items in the garden, then call in an anonymous tip. Yes, everything fit very neatly into that scenario. And I couldn’t even attack their evidence. But the murderer also made a big mistake: he had pushed himself into my life. He had exposed himself to me. Somehow, I ought to be able to take advantage of that. But how?
I took stock of what I had. For one thing, I had “my dream” and a cluster of unexpected abilities that I was just becoming aware of. And of course the certain knowledge that I was innocent. Then there was one last thing. There was Jenny herself, somewhere in the background, not as a ghost or a spirit, but a presence in my memory energizing my efforts: I knew I would fight twice as hard for her than even for myself.
I arranged myself flat on the cot, closed my eyes, took a series of deep breaths and called up my dream. When it had run its course, I replayed it but I found nothing new or missing. It remained evenly consistent. A third person view, close to but not part of the horrible action itself.
I next tried to change the camera angle—without any effect. Amplify the flickering light of passing automobiles—no dice. Increase contrast—all to no avail. I was not the director of this movie bit but a passive observer. None of it made any sense. Not the movie, not my sensitivity. My ordered world had been turned upside down. As I learned more each day, I felt I knew less and less. I could not dismiss the dream movie, the one consistent fact in my present circumstance, no matter how impossible it was. But in the last days, I had to accept so many other implausible things.
I replayed the movie again and again, but found no enlightenment. I tried to intuit into the action, seeing if somehow I could reach out to Jenny, comfort her; let her know she was not alone. Jenny, I see you. I’m with you. It’s going to be all right—I wished so badly. Bit by bit, my heart was breaking... I had a sensation of moving, not physically, for the movie didn’t change, but my intent was moving—how else to explain it—within the energy field of the picture, toward the two focal disturbances. I came near her, reached out and made contact. Instantly I recoiled as if scalded. I tried again, approaching cautiously, inch by narrow inch, toward the flickering energy discharge that was Jenny. Again I touched and was burned, so painfully that I cried out and my intent ricocheted off her, back into myself, deep within my memories, accelerating through all the stages of my life, to my earliest memories of infancy, until there was no further to go, into prenatal recollection. I was curled up, surrounded by warm fluid, and I felt my heart first start up independently. I had withdrawn as far as I possibly could, dragging her pain with me. I found my thumb in my mouth, sucking comfort from it desperately, whimpering. The hurt pulsed there for a while, then slowly, very slowly receded. Just as slowly I returned to myself, like an over-stretched rubber band, gradually contracting.
After that jolt, I lost all courage to come near her. Her pain was too intense, interacting with my own grief and guilt that I just could not bear it. The last contact had nearly killed me, smashed me back in time, past my birth ... I was nearly unborn.
But the dream movie would not let go of me. So, cautiously, I tried him. A vortex of emotions, a twisting, coiling turbulence wound itself tighter and tighter around a blazing core. Somehow I penetrated whatever was holding him together. The sensation of the entry was very uncomfortable but not excruciatingly painful as with Jenny. I don’t know how I did it, but suddenly I was fully in the midst of it. But in the midst of what? It did not feel like a person, more like a raging wildfire, a vortex of heat, smoke and confusion. At the heart of it I was feeling his rage. No—I was inside his rage, a throbbing wild uncontrolled thing, burning like some nuclear fire. There were no boundaries, just an incandescent flux of dark emotions. I smelled hate, the collision of ugly thoughts, the acid burn of envy and jealousy, and echoes of words like whore, bitch, and worthless fuck. Those were my words, not his, but his emotional discharge spawned those words. I tried to stop him—douse the burning inferno—calm the turbulence. To no effect. The heat of it was consuming me. Again I snapped back into myself. Panting I thrashed about on my cot, seared by this immersion into evil. There were injuries I brought back but did not yet know their extent.
Was the cost worth it? What had I learned, if anything? I had to first calm myself to face those questions. After a long while, my emotions settled, and I could take stock again. One thing I understood: the inner pressure, the rage that drove the explosion of violence that cost Jenny her life, that was uncontrolled, not held in check, but unleashed to wreak its evil. That release was the opening of Pandora’s Box, an eruption of violence that needed an object, a target, a victim... and my poor Jenny was it.
I tried to do the arithmetic, add and subtract, but in this new world I had stumbled into, nothing added up. The logic of mathematics and physics did not work here, then what would? How could I use what I had learned?
I got up, thinking of him. For some reason I called him Max, perhaps after the movie Mad Max. Up and down the cell I strode, bouncing between the foreshortened walls. Max and Jenny. Max hurting Jenny. Taking pleasure from her. Max killing Jenny, utterly destroying her. I forced myself through the horrendous progression. Wall, turn, three strides, and wall again. Like a maddened ball I was bouncing back and forth in my confines.
Max, you sick bastard, may you impale yourself on your own rage, may you eat yourself piece by piece, feast on your own flesh, gnaw on your own bones, suck out your own marrow till you have consumed yourself entirely, then throw yourself up—to feast on yourself again into everlasting damnation!!
This was not helping me. Calm yourself! Don’t gulp the air. Breathe. Quiet down. Get yourself under control! Slowly I settled down.
Drenched in sweat but breathing normally now, I sat down, considering. That kind of rage can’t be contained for long; it must come out again and again. Jenny couldn’t have been the first, the annihilation of her was too complete, practiced, and surely she would not be the last. He might hold back for a while, but eventually the violence would erupt again. This was not a conjecture, it was a certainty. By planting the evidence on my home turf he had deflected all attention onto me for now, but he would explode again and thus reveal himself in all his raw nakedness—and the police would have to recognize the parallels.
The worries started to pile up again. The extent of evidence against me, bearing down on me, ready to crush me. But I shut the door on those defeatist thoughts. This was not about you; this was about Jenny and justice for her. Everything else be damned! That allowed me to regain strength: I was now the Angel of Retribution. It was my task to unmask the evil, twisted human remains that Max had become, and then destroy him. I was the Avenger. It was pure eye-for-an-eye stuff. The evil must be extinguished!


Chapter 5

Interrogation was a lively affair. I had regained my ego strength and was not perturbed by the aggressiveness they allowed themselves. Fuelled by a caffeine overdose, both cops were pressing hard for a confession from me. They hammered away relentlessly.
At times it got quite intense. Still, they let me walk around the room freely. I looked at myself in the one-way, shocked by the haggard look of my face. There were dark shadows under my eyes and suddenly there were lines etched into my brow. I had aged in here. I was very much aware of being in the midst of a war and the tension and the uncertainty of it was wearing me down. I turned away from my reflection to be confronted by their accusations.
“It is abundantly clear who killed who. Jennifer is in a morgue, the victim. And we have you in custody. True, it was not your DNA we found, but if you don’t tell us whose it is then you will bear the entire burden of the killing into court and be condemned for it. The knife was in your garden. The trophy items as well. They accuse you and only you.” Smythe was presenting the case as if he were the prosecution in front of the jury, making his final summation.
“You have no motive,” I said self-assured, pointing out the one big, gaping weakness of their case.
“Jealousy!” Maclure jumped on that. “She was starting up with someone new and you couldn’t stand to see her with him.”
“Good luck corroborating that,” I fired back equally quickly, and I could see from their reaction—the hasty exchange of looks, the tightening of mouths—that they could not. I followed up my advantage. “We had been apart three years without any incident.”
But they persisted. “And she refused to provide you with... with services—”
“Services?”
“You know,” they insinuated, “services.” And they snickered.
“You sick bastards! Jenny and I were friends. Sure we went together for four years. But that was over for now. There were no services after that!”
“For now?” Smythe pounced on the one slip I had made. “You wanted to get back together again! You didn’t want to give her up!”
That was true. But how could I admit to that now? I realized that only after she was dead and the future already forfeited. I had no rejoinder. And on that note of victory, they ended the session and I was taken back to my cell.
I puzzled about the two of them. In my present distraction both seemed so limited, devoid of real personalities, mere cardboard cut-out copies of themselves. I didn’t even know if they were any good at their job. I saw little evidence of any competence—but then they tried to withhold information from me to keep me off balance. Obviously they hoped to use my ignorance as leverage.
Maclure was solidly set in his ways, inflexible. I guess that 20 years of policing did that to a person. He rarely took his eyes off the narrow path in front of him or deviated from his set purpose. He blustered and was apt to throw his weight around.
Smythe was inclined to be wider-ranging and willing to search for less obvious motives. Of course, he had half of Maclure’s service years. I had to guard against his machinations, not to be lured into a self-incriminating statement.
However, I soon gave up on them. I had more important concerns than wasting time on two cops who were hostile to my cause. Let them strut around in their stereotypical roles.

Mr. Balfour was my next visitor. “A panel of doctors has been agreed upon. You will be driven to Shores Psychiatric Centre for forensic evaluation. You are expected to cooperate fully with the process.” He looked intently at me to see my reaction. I merely nodded in agreement. “You will have to tell them more than just your dream.” The way he stressed “your dream” told me that it still stuck in his throat.
“There is not going to be any bail hearing. It is out of the question. The incriminating items found on your property preclude that. You will be incarcerated for the duration of the trial.” He paused to check on me again. I nodded, acknowledging another unpleasant fact. “I have petitioned the court for a change of venue... upstate, away from the prejudices and hostilities stirred up by the press here.” I hummed my understanding.
Next he brought up the issue with the Clarion, the local newspaper. I had written to Jack Pommer, the columnist covering sport, gardens, and the crime scene, promising an exclusive if he would research violent rape crimes throughout the state and neighboring jurisdictions. My father had smuggled the letter out, but I had not received a response—though obviously Mr. Balfour had. “Any future correspondence must go through my office. Especially information to the media. Everything has to be properly managed,” he said in censuring tones. “Anyway the court has slapped a gag order on the press and they must follow strict protocol in reporting on your case. That is the law. They want to prevent a media frenzy that could spin into a mistrial.”
I explained my theory about a serial killer on the loose and that we ought to look for cases with similar MO’s, both in and out of the state. He frowned. “Haphazard finger pointing won’t help us.” I think he preferred an insanity defense to looking for someone unspecific to blame. He had been so busy arguing procedural matters and protocols that he had not worked out a precise strategy yet.
“Hiring a private detective will cost money,” he said with some reluctance. Yes, all of this costs my poor parents money, of course, but I couldn’t think of that, or let financial constraints stop me now. There was too much at stake. I told him so and reluctantly he took it “under advisement.” He left, satisfied or unsatisfied, I was not really sure. In the midst of our discussion, I had reached out to sample his thoughts, but the lawyer’s arid mind told me nothing. I had quickly broken off contact and withdrew.

Dr. Sommerfeld was a pleasure to see. She looked fresh and clean; scrubbed, I would call it. An intriguing scent emanated from her, so subtle that I thought I must have intuited it. I did reach out and touched her, mentally, and saw her eyes flicker but she did not forbid it. She knew that I could only read localized emotions and little else. I quickly withdrew.
I was surprised how the mere sight of her lifted my spirits. Immediately it clicked into overdrive. But was the source of that from her or from me? Generated by my need for a friendly face? It was true that she was rarely prohibitive and consistently encouraging. Some of that had to be her technique of gaining my confidence and drawing me out but there was a thread of caring that I trusted. At times her eyes shone with undisguised sympathy. I never saw her shake her head in rejection of anything I said. Her lips didn’t narrow into lines of disapproval. To the contrary, I felt bolstered by her acceptance.
On arrival she gave me a stack of car magazines, and I thanked her. Of course there was Helga, and I wondered what kind of a report she gave to her superiors about these interviews. There was a third person, whom Dr. Sommerfeld introduced only as Clara. “I got her name from my friend from university. He believes she is genuine. I thought maybe she could help us.” I shook hands with Clara, and was instantly aware of something electric between us. I could tell she felt it too.
We sat on extra chairs brought in by the guard, who then left.
There was a brief, awkward silence as no one seemed to know how to start. “I guess this is new for all of us,” Dr. Sommerfeld said, attempting to get the ball rolling. “I would like to keep myself out of it as much as I can and not influence anything.” And she pushed her chair a little back, realigning Clara and me to face one another. Clara remained quiet too, her eyes observing me with a curious intensity.
“We are wondering about this whole psychic thing. How it works, how to access it and direct it. What’re the limits?” I started rather awkwardly.
“I don’t know,” she replied very simply. “I have only met a few real psychics and found each so different, with ranges of abilities so varied, that I can’t generalize. There are no words to describe our experience. I will try. But I can only talk about myself and how I work.” She waited for all this to sink in. Obviously Dr. Sommerfeld had prepped her.
“First off, I don’t know how it all works. You scientists,” and her eyes turned on Dr. Sommerfeld, “have a black box concept I borrow. I know what goes in and what comes out but don’t care what happens in the middle. When I listen to other psychics talk and rationalize, they trap themselves in untenable conclusions. Some may be right, but there is no consensus. But not knowing doesn’t stop me from using whatever ability I have. Usually it works but I need to properly stage it. I try to set the mood, prepare the client carefully, and never, never try to force it. Whatever comes, comes—I don’t add to it or take from it. Never fake any of it regardless of expectations.” She fell silent, her gaze turned inward.
“That’s it?” I was disappointed. I expected an illuminating discourse that would finally clear up the mystery.
“That is it—mostly. Believe me, in the past, I’ve tried to pin it down, but as soon as the explanations got complicated, my abilities waned. I had to give up the search or lose my gift. I chose this way. Now I prefer not to worry about it.”
“That is not much help,” I said rather ungraciously.
She nodded in agreement. “I can tell you this. In my case, it is largely a matter of confidence, believing that whatever comes through, or is channeled by me, comes from the outside and not from some recess of my own mind. There is always noise in the system that you must separate from the message. It is often easy to mistake one for the other.” She looked at me, and I wondered why she did not ask about my abilities; I wouldn’t have minded showing off a little: maybe she was one of the few who could appreciate it. Then I wondered if she was able to read my mind. Anxiety coursed through me, and I broke eye contact, closing my eyes, hiding.
It took a few minutes to rebound from that scare. Clara looked at me as if understanding. Shyly, I reached out, touched her, and instantly she felt it but did not resist. I found nothing. No, not nothing, just a deep quiet, waiting—listening. She had blanked her mind, was totally receptive to me. I suddenly understood her success: there was no noise in her system.
There wasn’t much to say after that. I still had questions, but knew she would not put her answers into my head, not to prejudice or misdirect my explorations. But she did warn me. “You will find, if it’s still new to you, that there are costs. You are exposed to all the influences around you, and when you open yourself up, they flood in without your control—for you must either let it all come or shut it all out—but you can’t do both. So you end up with the burden of someone else’s troubles and anxieties. You will be a witness to things unpleasant, hurtful, often painful and difficult to bear. And they will leave their mark on you.” Yes, I already understood that all too well. Through all this, I had become a different person: less assured, less peaceful, and less content. I must use my superpowers only for the greater good, I told myself wryly, quoting the script from comic books I used to treasure in my younger days.
Clara left shortly, pleading a prior commitment. Dr. Sommerfeld wanted to know what I had learned.
“Not to ask so many questions,” I smiled at her, and she blinked at me. Her job was asking questions and writing the answers down: there were already five full notebooks in her briefcase.
Before she left I had a new request for her. “Profile the murderer.”
“What?”
“Profile the murderer.”
“That is not my area of expertise.” But I could see from her eyes that the idea was making inroads.
“Then ask the FBI.”
“The police have already done that.”
“Really? You think you can get me a copy of that?” Again she thought and I persisted. “I can try through my lawyer. They are duty-bound to give us everything.” Then I shifted gears again. “But I still want you to come up with a profile. I don’t entirely trust the police. Who knows what info they have fed into the system? Slanted their way, if you know what I mean.” She nodded; she knew and said her goodbyes.
After she left, my cell grew colder and I missed her presence immediately. I could feel the pull of her personality and my growing attachment to her. But was it mutual? To distract myself, I settled onto my cot and opened the sketchbook Mr. Balfour had given me. That and crayons were sent by my mom, and I wondered why I had not asked for them sooner.
I stared at the blank page, inexplicably inhibited. The pencil in my hand felt awkward and remained silent. Why? They were my old friends; I had never had such troubles before. They were familiar, but I had changed—profoundly. Grown old and uncertain in prison.
I forced the pencil onto the sheet, just scribbling without specific intent. After the first few strokes, the reluctance disappeared and soon, a face emerged from the background. Halfway through, I recognized Jenny. Her familiar features appeared: the oval countenance, the curve of her chin, the rounded cheekbones, the big eyes, and the brows raised in that way she had when looking to see if I was serious. It was a happy Jenny, something to overlay the pain I last saw her struggling with in my dream. My eyes misted up as I stared at her in recollection.
After a while the pencil began its restless motion, drawing on the other half of the page. I didn’t try to control the flow, letting it find its own way. Feature by feature, again a face materialized—this time with more angular lines. I was not overly surprised when it turned out to be Dr. Amanda Sommerfeld. Amanda, I enjoyed rehearsing her name. There was a sympathetic cast to her expression: the soft, inquisitive look, the set of her lips easing into a determined line, the way her mouth framed her questions. I suddenly appreciated how much discipline she must have applied to have achieved her status. Yet there was also a hint of compassion, having listened to the troubles of people; she felt for them.
For long minutes I studied both drawings, quite a study in contrasts. Jenny was easygoing, kind, Amanda focused, humane. Jenny had a sense of entitlement; her family’s affluence had isolated her from financial insecurity. I didn’t know Amanda’s background, but I had the impression that she had worked for everything she got. Jenny had not known herself yet; she wanted to be a designer, run her own shop of haute couture. Amanda had already reached her aspiration and was searching for new goals. Of course she was also ten years older.
There was a long history between Jenny and me; having known each other from grade school on, we shared an easy acceptance of each other. Had she not gone off to university in the big town, we would likely still be together. Now she was gone. I shied away from the pain and looked at Amanda Sommerfeld. With a shock I realized how much of a presence she had become in my life. Because our acquaintance was forged in the midst of such adversity, I had invested much emotional attachment without meaning to. There was no pretence, just an intense genuineness; there was no time, no room for anything else. But was I overinvesting myself? Why would she care about an unformed young man? Yet, somehow, I felt too old to be young anymore.
I turned the page, and the pencil took over again. A stick figure appeared to set proportions, orient the angle of limbs, and delineate the posture: the sweep of the backbone, the arch of the pelvis. I added substance to the skeleton and the figure took shape. A full length rendition, but of whom? Jenny or Amanda? The pencil paused, considering. Then it started up again, de-emphasizing curves, substituting elongated, slim lines. So, Amanda Sommerfeld.
I started to put clothes on the anatomical form, but paused, and instead filled in details that I only suspected. The small breasts, the flat stomach, the narrow hips, and the joining of her thighs. I started to feel uneasy, as if I had violated her privacy again, but I persisted, claiming the artist’s right to see and depict. I reasoned that normal mores shouldn’t constrain an artist’s free range of imagination. Critically I inspected the finished drawing. Yes, it was Amanda all right. She was no earth goddess by any means, in fact the opposite, displaying a sinuous grace that I found very appealing. A hint of sexual desire welled up in me, and I quickly turned the page, feeling unworthy to further encroach on her.
I drew a couple more pictures after that, one of the court scene and portraits of the twins, Maclure and Smythe, before putting the sketchbook away. It felt healing to draw again, to connect with a world where I was in absolute control, with no inhibitions but my own.
I spent the remainder of the day leafing through the car magazines, looking for the compact in my dream, specifically the front and brake light clusters. They looked pretty distinctive so I had every confidence of finding them eventually. And I did—in the July issue on page 82, a photo focusing on those exact parts of a car’s anatomy. 98 Chevy Malibu SE. 
I now had make, color and part of the license plate. Was there something else? I replayed the dream, and reliably the movie went through the sequences unchanged. Not quite unchanged, now that a new emotional tone overlaid the scene. I could feel Jenny’s pain and Max’s rage. I pulled back, riled up even by such a brief glimpse. I had to stand up and walk off my agitation. On the third turn I realized that I had stumbled across something new: the color of the two letters on the license plate was black instead of dark blue as used on plates from my state. In the indifferent light of the “movie,” I hadn’t noticed before. The car was from the neighboring state. So Max was out of state, or maybe just the car.
I was excited; I finally had concrete evidence. I just could not bag it, as I saw them do on the crime shows, but I was making progress. I could hardly wait for morning to confront my two tormentors with those new bits of information. A red, out-of-state 98 Chevy Malibu SE, with 7H on the plate. That was lot more than what I had a half-hour ago.
I thought of dissecting the dream once more, to see if I could extract additional information about Max. I wondered if that was his name; it had just popped into my head, but with my new abilities, there was a chance that it was real.
Where was Max now? I took another turn in the cell, up then down. Was he local or was he out-of-state as the license plate suggested? Maybe the car was stolen. That was very possible too. If we could only find Max... but where? I tried to visualize him from the dream and his image jumped at me with such clarity that I very nearly ran into the wall. The image faded a lot quicker than my heart’s fluttering. I had to sit down to compose myself. But soon I was on my feet again, trying to outpace my restlessness. Things were happening fast. Where would they take me next? Two more turns. Could I intuit Max, just like I had discovered his image a moment before? But as I did, Max popped into my path again so that I had to step around him. This time I was better prepared and watched him flicker out. No, this was not helping. But he was out there somewhere.
I resumed pacing, my heart beating hard, the blood pulsing in my ears. Max, Max, Max. I had made eight or nine of my rounds when I became aware of a peculiar twinge every time I got near the washbasin. I stopped, trying to sort it out. Feel it, just feel it, I told myself. I tried to gauge the strength of the “singularity” and found it strongest about 30 degrees to the right of the basin. I tested it repeatedly, confirming the direction. After a while it faded altogether and maddeningly, I had no explanation for it.
It took me quite some time to settle down, enough to stretch out on the cot exhausted, but not enough to let me sleep. It had been an emotion-filled day and it would not let me go. I wondered about my parents, how they were coping with the onrush of events. Wondered about my classmates, who won the intramural basketball tournament and so on. I worried about the lectures I missed and the likelihood that I would lose the semester. You fool, it all fell on me then, you could be serving time soon. Shut away for life for first degree murder!
I veered away from all the unpleasantness and ended up with Dr. Sommerfeld. I tried to remember her exactly and she jumped into my vision, startling me with the clarity. I would have to do something about this popping in and out like that or one day suffer a heart attack. The vision stayed, allowing me to study her at leisure. She was slim, what you could call willowy, and because of her height appeared even more slender. Not many curves but she had excellent posture. She moved with grace and control. Her face was symmetrical, nose aquiline straight, the eyes inquisitive, mouth generous, the lips well proportioned to the face. One could call her beautiful, but her usual serene expression overpowered any perception of sensuality. Her hair was held back out of the way by a hair clip. The color was dark brown with a hint of bronze highlights. Very professional. Still, there was none of the severity that sometimes went with status, none of the iciness and distance. She was respectful and approachable.
I savored the amazing clarity and gazed at her unabashed, much more boldly than I ever would in real life. I compared this vision with my drawing and found the two consistent. I wondered how it would feel to kiss her. Would there be flashing lights? An electric chase of sensations coursing through my body? Or just a need demanding more? I would have gone further in my fantasy, but thought it somehow unfair of me to cast her in the role of willing participant. She was a doctor, for heaven’s sake. What was she? Thirty two/three maybe. Just nine to ten years older than me. I could easily dismiss the difference, but could she? Would she? It felt safer to back away from where this was heading.
Still, as sleep closed in on me, I extended myself, reached out as if searching for her. I could feel my intent going out and expanding. Then shockingly, I felt contact as I touched her mind. Impossible! But the contact remained, it was warm, it was powder rose, and smelled of dried apricots. I was aware of a pulsing that was not my heart. Was it her blood singing? Impossible! She had to be miles away. Then as if a light was turned on, awareness lit up the connection, as if she could feel me in her mind. Startled, I withdrew—so rapidly that feelings and impressions in its wake were drawn back into my head. I found myself holding my breath. That last thing, that vestige of something, had been welcoming, trailing a pleasant afterglow.


Chapter 6

I faced my two interrogators eagerly. “A red 98 Malibu SE with out-of-state license plates.”
“What about it?” Maclure asked, frowning.
“That is the real murderer’s car.” Maclure continued to look puzzled.
“From your dream?” Smythe asked. I nodded.
“Listen, that dream of yours just won’t wash in front of the jury,” Maclure said almost sympathetically. “Your lawyer must have told you that a thousand times.”
“He might have.”
“What about the car. The Malibu?” Smythe tuned in.
“There is no such car.” Maclure turned on him, irritated.
“There might have been,” Smythe insisted. “The murderer came and went in something. There were tire marks at the scene. We have to clear that up for the jury.”
“Right. So what about this car?”
“It is a red 98 Malibu SE with out-of-state plates.”
“Red, huh?” Maclure pulled on his chin. “What kind of red?”
“I’ve been telling you it was dark and the tint was hidden in the darkness. I could barely make it out.”
“What do you want us to do about it?”
“Run what I told you through the database. Surely, I don’t have to tell you how to do your job.”
“We know our job. But the database doesn’t have dream cars in it. The computer doesn’t have ESP.”
“What do you have to lose? The car might even be stolen.” That worked. They reacted with knee-jerk predictability to the possibility of another crime. Cops were sensitive that way; if there was a crime they wanted to know about it. Smythe went to the mirror and made a sort of hand sign to those behind: “Feed the computer” it probably meant.
Then they squared up against me again, trying to convince me to admit my crime. 
“Look, Son, the dream you claim won’t work. Nobody is going to believe it. Not the jury, not the court, not the people on the outside, not even your friends. The media is already all over your case.” Maclure was the less imaginative of the two, and his prediction for my future revealed it.
Smythe was no less subtle, but tried to use more sophisticated psychological arguments to change my mind. “Think of it, Travis. If we go to court without a confession it is going to be a long trial. We will have to go through the evidence piece by piece, show her bloodstained clothes, the crime scene photographs of her naked and abused body, minutely discuss her injuries and the pain she felt.  You will have to sit there and listen to every word of it. And you will see the jury react with horror, then look at you, wondering, then accusingly as they make up their minds.” The picture he sketched sent shivers down my back. “And there will be an attractive, young mother on the jury, there always is, and you’ll see her initial sympathy for you change into suspicion, then condemnation of the monster we will prove you to be. You’ll have to look the jury in the eye day after day, and lie about your dream.”
“We can spare you all that... entirely, if you plead guilty,” Maclure added unnecessarily.
“Yes. Spare yourself the agony of all that. And not just yourself, but also your parents. They will be sitting there day after day, listening to the prosecutor lay out the case, fact after fact, accusing you. Will you want to see the horror on your mother’s face when she realizes how guilty you are? The evidence of that is irrefutable.” Smythe looked very sincere, leaning toward me, earnestly trying to reason through it. “And each day, coming and going, your poor parents will have to run the gauntlet of a horde of reporters thrusting microphones in their faces, shouting questions at them. And that same pack of newshounds will set up camp in front of your house, park their satellite trucks on your street, and peer with their cameras into every nook and window of your place. How will your sister feel, not able to step out of her home without being swamped by it?” Bit by bit, the sketch filled up with detail, all horribly probable.
I admit it was getting to me. I stood and strode up and down the room trying to escape the court scene looming in my future. In my arithmetic, I had not counted the effect on my parents. My strides increased and my heart beat heavily against the pressure of my lungs.
“And think,” Smythe continued relentlessly. “About Mr. and Mrs. Wilson, listening to every detail of their daughter’s abuse and death. You’ll be hearing them sob and cry out in revulsion as they look at you with growing hate. Day after day.” He paused to let that sink in. I swallowed hard; the picture was turning even uglier. “You said you loved Jennifer, and I believe you. For her sake then, don’t make her parents go through all that.” My eyes filled with tears and I nearly hit the wall. I turned and almost running, aimed myself toward the other wall. “And your friends—your ex-friends because most have disowned you by now—will also be there to watch every move you make and read guilt into every expression on your face.”
“Make a deal. We’ll be in and out of court in no time,” said Maclure.
I stopped and looked at myself in the mirror, struggling at a low point. I was tired and weak; the initial energy I felt with the identification of the Malibu was gone, worn away by their relentless arguments. They made it sound so simple, the conclusion inevitable. Why not take the easy way out they offered? My haggard image looked back at me—it was a shock to see how much more I had aged. I didn’t have the knowledge to fight this, not the experience. What right did I have to even think that I could prevail against all the resources ranged against me? All the power of the law and the state? Had I the right, the callousness to drag my parents through all this? Why was I doing this? At the very least I should shut up, refuse to participate, turn down more interrogations. I was torn by the fight-or-flee reflex. My image watched me making up my mind. This is not about you, it is about Jenny. Remember? What they proposed would close the case, bury it in back files, and allow her murderer to go free. No, not that. That mustn’t happen. I nodded and my reflection agreed with me.
Then fight back! But how? I couldn’t withdraw, I still needed them. To find the car, and through the car, perhaps the murderer.  As I thought, deep within myself, I unconsciously looked behind the mirror, seeing a man and woman observing. The man was sitting by a console, watching the readouts from a voice stress analyzer and remote sensors that monitored my heart and respiration rates. The woman was standing, watching me. Our eyes locked through the impenetrable one-way glass barrier. I kept my eyes on her until she became uneasy and moved to the side to escape, but I followed her wherever she moved. From one side to the other, not letting go. They won’t believe my ESP, well let them explain this. To hammer home my point, I started mirroring her movements; when she moved so did I, keeping pace with her. She stood it for two minutes before she had to leave the darkened observation room.
Bolstered by this minor victory, I turned on the two detectives and snapped, “You do your job and find the car.” I would not utter a word after that. They took me back to my cell.

The rest of the day I spent in the mental health facility, being interviewed and tested. The whole thing was boring and mechanical. Everyone was professionally distant and I could tell they didn’t believe a word I said about my dream. Listlessly I went through the motions, answering questions or completing one paper-and-pencil test after another. I didn’t bother to lie, didn’t hide, responded to the best of my ability, shaking my head at the inane items I had to choose Yes or No to, wondering what kind of profile such stupid questions could lead to. Repressed sociopathic personality with paranoid tendencies? Psychotic ideation?
They attached half a dozen electrodes to my body, hooking me up to a machine. I had to watch images fed to me on a computer screen while my body’s responses were recorded. For three seconds a snapshot was presented, most very innocuous, but a few so disturbing that I was sure my reactions topped the red zone on their scales. The only interesting thing about the whole exercise was the trip there and back. It was good to catch glimpses of real life flow by as people went about their normal activities as if no injustice was being committed in their name.
On my return Dr. Sommerfeld was waiting for me with Helga already in her customary corner. After the greetings, we arranged ourselves and she inspected me, no doubt finding that I had aged. I couldn’t help also inspecting her, measuring her against my drawings. I felt some of my not-so-pure thoughts rise to the surface and had to look away not to reveal them.
“Last night, did you...” she started but broke off. I knew what she wanted to ask.
“Make contact with you? Yes. But I didn’t know I could. At a distance, I mean. I withdrew as soon as I realized. But I’m sorry. Really.” She nodded, accepting my explanation and apology.
“Do you know how you did it?”
No, I shook my head. “I form an intent and it just happens. It flips in; I don’t know how to control it. I think it and it happens.” I thought back on last night, trying to describe the strange sensations that accompanied it, but I didn’t have the words for it. But something did occur to me, and I asked, “Where do you live?”
She blinked; her pupils dilated. Sure, tell an accused murderer your address. “I don’t need an address, just point out the direction from here.”
Still she hesitated and somewhat reluctantly pointed northwest. But I knew it already; I pointed myself, correcting her angle about five more degrees to the west. So, I sucked in my breath, I had a built-in locator of sorts, giving me a rather precise bearing, though I had no idea of the distance.
“How far? As the crow flies?”
Again she blinked, but figured out my intent, “About 3 ½ line-of-sight miles I expect.”
“How did it feel to you? The contact,” I asked, curious about what it felt like on the receiving end.
“Like a very gentle touch, but foreign. It’s the strangeness that made me aware of it.”
“Is there any content that comes with it?”
“You mean your thoughts?” she reframed the question, considering. “No, it was more my thoughts or feelings being tuned-in or evoked. But very diffuse. I think the reaction afterwards is more specific. Somewhat of a psychic shock,” she looked for words to describe it, “like being goosed in public. There is a surprise, recognition and resentment. It bypasses my volition, to choose or not to choose to speak with somebody, like when being cornered by an obnoxious person. I was angry last night. Afterwards.”
“I am sorry about that.” And I was. It brought me little except the knowledge that I could. One more thing to add to my list of the unexplained. I wondered how many more.
Afterwards I told her all the recent developments: being able to feel inside my dream, identifying the car and the run of the interview in the morning. She was interested in the psychiatric examination and asked many questions, which I answered as best I could, but could generate little interest in it myself. It had been so impersonal.
As she watched me, I watched her, my mind busy behind the conversation. I realized again how attractive she was, and remembered the feeling of longing I had last night, wanting to kiss her. I stared at her lips, imagining the feel of them, the exchange of sensation. Would it be pleasurable, how intense? Would she close her eyes...?
She broke off something she had been saying in mid-sentence, then snapped, “You are doing it again!”
“Doing what?” But I immediately felt guilty. The schoolboy had been caught.
“Uhh... Hunting about ...” It was gratifying that in spite of the Ph.D., she had difficulty defining these experiences. It excused my lack of words.
We talked some more, she made notes, but in the background I was again prowling, thinking of this and that. My drawing kept popping into my head. There was an age difference of nine to ten years. She did not look it, at least not on the outside; the difference was more marked in attitude. She knew who she was and was comfortable with it, whereas I was still searching for my identity, not very comfortable with who I was, especially with the sword of this trial hanging over me.
“Amanda ...” I started then stopped, realizing I had used her first name, something she had not given me permission to do. It stopped the conversation dead in its tracks, while we both dealt with the implication that I had—with one word—so personalized our relationship. Was there a way to backtrack, to get back to safer ground? If the glass was broken could it still be pieced together?
The tenor of the session became more distant as we both took a step back. She tried to redefine the misstep. “You know what is happening, don’t you? We find ourselves in extreme circumstances, with so much at stake. We talk of crucial issues and get to the heart of things. Certain feelings and emotions come with that. Yet we mustn’t lose perspective, cloud the issues with extraneous ... distractions. We must stay focused on our task.” It was nice how she stressed the “we” aspect and took half the burden of my blunder onto herself. What was she thinking? She had used my first name throughout ... but I could not have related easily to Mr. Howard—that was my Dad.
She left, leaving me much food for thought. It occurred to me that she was expending a lot of time on me. All at the county’s expense? Somehow I doubted that. But then whose? Was I becoming the basis of a research study she hoped to present at some conference or seminar? Or write up for a prestigious journal? “An Anatomy of Murder: The Case of Travis James Howard.” Well, murder always sells. But seriously, what were her motives? It was obvious that I was becoming fond of her, in some ways considered her my friend, at least on my side. Was I reading too much into it? Perhaps it was nothing but discharging her professional obligation to present a report for the court’s consideration. Maybe, I had better deal with possible wish-fulfillment on my part. But the time she had invested also seemed disproportionate. I was wavering between the possibilities, sometimes feeding the hope, other times dismissing it.
I found myself chasing my tail with such thoughts. Stay focused, as she told you. But my thoughts returned to her. She lived 3 ½ miles from here, so many degrees to the northwest. That would place her in Sunrise View Estates, an affluent, gated community. That accounted for her classy demeanor. I don’t think she was married—I knew she wasn’t married. The same way I knew other things, through my intuition. It had not been wrong yet. I thought of her again, in a more personalized sense, taking a more proprietary interest—at least in my fantasy, she could belong to me. I took a bearing on her. So many degrees north by northwest. I felt it very distinctly. Then lightning struck me. If I could feel her, then maybe I could feel Max the same way! Immediately that peculiar feeling came that I had last night when striding in my cell thinking of Max. Near the washbasin, facing southeast.
I jumped up from the cot, positioned myself as I had the night before and felt into the distance. This time, nothing returned to me. No peculiarity, no singularity. Not a twinge. I took a turn around the cell trying to recreate the event. I focused on Max, evoking the image of him from my dream, trying to whip myself into a frenzy, generating my own energy field. Slowly something happened. Like when starting a camp fire, trying to set the wood ablaze, first, a spark was needed. Then a glimmer slowly took hold, freshened and grew into an appreciable radiance. Now, I felt connected to Max and the bearing grew more distinct. Clearly southeast. I was not too familiar with compass headings, but 140 degrees felt about right. Now if I had a map I could draw a line from my location on a bearing of 140, and the line would have to pass through Max’s location. But if I was off by a few degrees, I would miss him by miles. Still it was better than nothing.
I would have to get a map, ask my lawyer for it, I thought with renewed excitement. One big step forward. Agitated, I strode up and down, taking bearings. I refined it to between 138 and 142 degrees to the southeast. An expanding beam that would take in Orange Grove, Tomahawk Crossing, and East Bay on the coast. Luckily the Gulf limited the scope.
Again I did not sleep much that night. I even started worrying about exhausting myself further. I had so much to do, I needed to be rested, to be strong and sharp but all these discoveries were constantly making it almost impossible for me to settle down.


Chapter 7

Maclure grudgingly admitted to me that they had found a report of a stolen Malibu, taken from Jasperville across the state line, the day before the murder. And there was 7H on the license plate! The car had not been located yet, so it was still out there. Of course this information renewed their attempts to get me to divulge the identity of the other man.
“Max,” I said without hesitation, sure that it had to be right. Everything else was, thus far.
“From your dream?” Smythe asked suspiciously. When I nodded, the room temperature dropped a few degrees.
“Look, save us the trouble of chasing around that fairy tale again, tell us outright, give us his real name. Or do you want to face this alone?”
“Max,” I said again. They twisted their faces in disbelief and Maclure threw up his hands in disgust.
“What about his DNA? He must have done this before and run afoul of the law. There must be a record of that,” I insisted in the face of their skepticism.
“You have been watching too many crime scene shows. The jurisdictions barely communicate with each other and the data base is a mess—there is no standardized input protocol. We input this way, the next county some other way. It’s hard to find anything, because the search criteria are not attuned to the indexes, blah, blah, blah...” Both Maclure and I had already stopped listening.
“Well then, similar MO’s,” I suggested, thinking there had to be a linkup in the method of operation.
“Of course we have tried that. We sent out alerts and requests for info, both state and nationwide. And the FBI is involved. It is standard procedure. If you really want this ... this Max caught, you’ll have to give him to us.”
We chased around some more but got nowhere. By now I knew their mannerisms and reactions, and they knew mine. We had focused on each other with such intensity that we had become more familiar with each other than with our own families. In a strange way we formed a ménage of sorts, a very dysfunctional family, each of us trapped in our roles. That I refused to act as the guilty party galled them, and it irked me that they did not accept anything I said. But we all persisted. This was a small police force with few assets and these two were the only ones actively working the case. Obviously they had made up their minds and walled off other possibilities. But we knew each other and in spite of the circumstances there were flashes of mutual empathy. I knew their names, Peter Maclure and Jasper Smythe. Both were married and thought Maclure was on the verge of divorce, which he blamed on the demanding duty rotation. Smythe was an avid golfer, but could not indulge his passion for much the same reasons. Both had kids with problems in school and discipline issues at home. There was a lot of waiting in our dance and opportunities to overhear side conversations.
“Listen Travis, cooperate with us and we’ll make sure you get to serve time in the county facility and not in hard-core federal jail where they keep the worst of the worst. You would find it much easier than serving hard time in a federal penitentiary.” I think they believed what they said. “But if you keep refusing to help us, we can’t help you with the judge; it would be out of our hands.”

I spent the rest of the morning being assessed. More interviews, more tests. A psychiatrist pored over my childhood and wanted to know how I felt about my mother and father, my sister and my friends. What about school? Was I alienated from authority? Did I believe in my government? He wanted to know about my religious beliefs and degree of involvement with my church, and so on. And all of it went into my case file, record by record, intending to stamp me with a predisposition capable of the crime I had been accused of.
I had sent a note to my lawyer for a local map and on my return, I was pleased to find his law clerk Jenkins waiting for me with it. He regarded me with open fascination as if looking at a dangerous caged animal. Obviously he considered me guilty. Perhaps the whole law office did too.
After he left, I unfolded the map and drew my bearing lines, 138 to 142 degrees to the southeast, confirming that parts of Tomahawk Crossing and East Bay were definitely within the delineated territory. Of course the area got wider with the distance. Speculating that Max had to be a marginal character who did not have many resources, I eliminated the more affluent neighborhoods. Still it left me with a huge target. Somehow I would have to narrow it down some more.

Dr. Sommerfeld looked bright and fresh, and I guess she’d had no difficulty sleeping. That somewhat disconcerted me because I would rather have her up half the night worrying about me. I sighed. Maybe I was alone in this. But as we talked I fell under her spell again. Repeatedly I had to tell myself to focus and not get lost in thoughts of her.
She told me that the report was nearly finished. “Would you like to read it? We could discuss it and perhaps adjust a few misinterpretations that might have crept in.”
I was torn. What if it was unsympathetic to me? Could I stand that? I had invested a lot in Dr. Amanda Sommerfeld and did not want to risk that. This is not about you, I reminded myself. 
“Sure, I would be happy to read it.” But the impending thing put a wall between us and I could not recapture that easy sense of her. I was tempted to touch her, to see if I could intuit her feelings but resisted. She seemed proud of her work and more relaxed in her professional role. I noticed that she was not taking any notes and that brought home the finality of it.
“Will I see you again?” I said in a too-small voice. “After the feedback session?”
“From time to time,” she replied. “The court will want updates and progress reports.” That spoiled my mood for good, and the rest was a distant kind of chattering, looking for things to talk about, almost painful. I was actually relieved when she left.
I felt abandoned and spent the rest of the day obsessing. I had no right to invest her with feelings she did not have. I had no right to build a relationship that was not there. I realized what fantasy I had woven around her, imagining she cared for me even a little. Obviously I was driven by my need for a friendly face and sympathetic voice in the midst of persecution. But it was unfair to her and even unfair to me. I was depressed, the very moment I needed to be strong to continue my lonely quest for the truth.
Perhaps not surprisingly I thought of Jenny. After we broke up I had gone out with two girls, Serena for several months, and then Cassandra for half a year. Serena I met in the Sociology308 lecture hall. She sat down next to me and watched me doodle in my notebook while I listened to the professor go on about The Measure of Social Good, a book he had written and foisted on us as part of the course requirements. My notes were littered with sketches to liven up a boring lecture. She snickered when I cartooned Professor Hewig droning on while the class slumbered. We left together and connected, and by that night she was in my bed. That was her trouble; she was too easy, and it did not take her long to jump out of my bed and into someone else’s.
Cassandra was different. Serious and very together. She was overweight, but she repressed that. She was pretty enough, good skin tone and a lively, expressive face. I met her inauspiciously during a pub night and started talking, discovering a rapport that we continued for several weeks. I then asked her to pose for me. She had no illusion about her figure and could not understand my interest. I never told her that I was fascinated by the folds of her body, even the rolls and oversized parts, having become tired of the bony flatness served up by live-art class models. I wanted meat and gravity in my paintings, and colors to capture emotions and energy. Cassandra could not relate to my work, finding it misshapen or somehow off-color. Now I know I was sensing her isolation, her attempts to maintain her self-esteem in spite of the unflattering mirror society reflected for her. She had built tight defenses around herself. Some of that got in my paintings, but I didn’t realize then that I could see beneath the surface and paint it. It was not surprising that she stepped from my canvas into my bed. She turned out to be a surprisingly good lover, tender, attuned to my timing, concerned more with giving than with taking. She was intelligent and humorous and we had a good time. Some of my friends could not understand the attraction and I didn’t bother to explain it to them. She was very companionable and in that sense she reminded me of Jenny who I was missing. But Jenny rarely came home and there were few opportunities to connect with her.
I almost missed her last visit. A friend had texted me and I met up with the crew at the Fountainhead. Jenny was happy, talked about her classes, marks and her boyfriend. I told her about my weird philosophy professor and what he did to my last paper. He had comments and question marks in every sentence—but passed me. The time went by very quickly, in a way bittersweet, and I caught myself touching her as if we were still going out together. I could see she was having conflicts that way too, and that didn’t help. It was hard not to be affected by the intimacy we once shared. I wanted to spend more time with her, but she left giving no reason and that was the last I saw of her. The last anyone saw of poor Jenny.


Chapter 8

Soon as I walked into interrogation I could sense a difference. Both detectives were jubilant. It was stamped into their posture. They tried to suppress it but it leaked from them like tap water.
“We have a witness,” Maclure declared dramatically, then let it hang there in the air.
“A witness to what?”
“A witness who places you near the crime scene at a time you claim to have been sleeping. It fits perfectly into the timeline of the crime.”
“Impossible. I was in bed at the time.”
“Not according to the witness. He knows you well and remembers seeing you at the time in question going by the corner convenience store not 20 feet from him. And the front of the store was well-lit up.”
“He must be mistaken.”
“He isn’t. He described you perfectly. Makes a very credible witness.”
“He is lying then! Who is he?”
“Why should he lie about a serious thing like that?”
“I don’t know. But he is. Who is he?”
“I’m not at liberty to say at the moment. But you will find out in time.”
This was a blow. Who could it be? Surely not Max? That would be too brazen even for him.
“Look, if I did what you accuse me of, left my home to meet Jenny in the park, I would have gone by Lincoln Street and over Olmstead, not out of my way on Willow and past the convenience store. Why would I go by such a roundabout way?”
“The fact is you did. You were seen and identified.”
“Did he say what I was wearing? What shirt? What pants? If I did what he claims, I would have worn the same thing as in the Fountainhead. Did you correlate that?” From the pause I guessed they did not. “Or do you think I would have gone home to change just for that?”
“Maybe. To put on less visible, darker clothes to be unobtrusive?” Smythe came up with that gem.
“And then cross through a well-lit area?” I asked with as heavy sarcasm as I could manage.
They had no immediate answer to that. We sat there in silence, glowering at each other.
I backtracked and tried again. “Look, I’m an intelligent guy. My marks prove that. You think I would have told you about my dream if I were guilty? I told you because I felt it would help in your investigation. I didn’t understand how it worked, and I still don’t understand. But do you believe I would incriminate myself for no purpose. Just blurt it out?”
“You are psycho. Or pretending to be one. You can’t deal with your guilt and had to invent this fantasy. Get it into your head, no one is going to believe you.”
I could see I was beating my head against a stone wall. I threw my hands in the air, giving up.
“You want to help us solve the case? Give us hard evidence! Don’t bullshit us!” Maclure almost shouted. So everybody’s nerves were a little frayed; did I think it would be easy? Twenty minutes later we broke up still at an impasse.

They drove me 8 miles east on Interstate 42 to examination again. The presiding doctor assured me we would be done that day. Then the routine of tests resumed. Reaction tests, more images flashed at me, the electrodes siphoning off my responses. Then questions, how did I feel about... followed by a list of things, both concrete and abstract, testing the limits of my tolerance, trying to pin down attitudes and opinions. Well how do you feel about blacks, Mexicans, lesbians and homosexuals, the army, the police, law and society? I said I was in Humanities, taking social sciences, likely to know the politically correct answers. Then more paper-and-pencil stuff. Rate from one to five and so on. I went through so many hyphenated tests that I can’t recall a single name now. They gave me a 15 minute break. Left me with a pop, a sandwich and a banana. The room was large enough as I measured out my strides, working myself into a frenzy. I called up Max, and as the intensity built, I got an echo of a fixed location, estimating signal strength. I found a shallower angle, right about 125 degrees to the southeast. I was elated, now I had two bearings which would narrow down my target area. It would not be pinpoint but it would considerably reduce my task of locating Max. Two more hours of tests followed, probing my mind. I almost told the investigator that they ought to get a psychic to do a proper reading, but I bit it back.
It was a relief to return to my cell, where a package was awaiting me from Dr. Sommerfeld’s office. It was heavy, over a hundred pages at least. I did not open it, afraid of the Pandora’s Box, knowing once open I could never close it again.
I unfolded my map, drew my lines and saw the two bearings converge on East Bay on the Gulf. The overlap covered an area of less than two miles that included the coastal strip on the outskirts of the town. I seemed to recall a string of motels, gas stations, variety stores and a few industrial shops. A likely place for Max to hole up. I folded the map again and returned to the impatiently waiting thing, her report.
I lay down on my cot, resting the bundle on my chest, trying to psych myself up, daring myself to open it. But before I did, I thought of Amanda, in possessive, tender terms, enjoying the thought of her. I knew that once I started reading she would change... and hell yes, I would change, perhaps become harder and more bitter. Was I not bitter enough already?
Taking a huge breath, holding it until I nearly exploded, gasping, I tore the package open and dove into it.
For nearly an hour I read, shutting off all reactions, forcing my mind into an icy calmness to concentrate better.
“...The subject cooperated throughout the investigation... was forthright and not overly defensive... the dream sequence he described was detailed and consistent throughout the investigation... though he was unable to explain the mechanism of the dream it became obvious that he felt totally confident of its accuracy and exactness... he believed that the content of the ‘movie,’ as he referred to it throughout, depicted what had actually transpired during Ms. Wilson’s murder... he accounted for it only as an extrasensory experience that was nonetheless ‘mirroring’ [his word] of what had happened...”
“...It must be remembered that Mr. Howard volunteered this information without any coercion and in spite of the risks he knew he was taking in calling attention to himself and thereby becoming the main focus of the police investigation...”
I paused to take a series of deep breaths to release the tension that had built up in my chest. So far the narrative was fairy factual but pointedly clinical. I did not know how I felt about being a “subject.”
“...The subject is intelligent and articulate. Still he had trouble finding words to describe the processes he believed were operating... this investigator made extensive efforts to test the subject’s claim of ‘psychic’ abilities... through a number of experiments it was quickly established that Mr. Howard was able to correctly identify cards presented to him over 85 percent of the time, and to guess numbers ranging from 1-10, 1-100 and then 1-1000 at astounding levels of accuracy...”
Well this at least was good. Laying groundwork for an ESP claim. I doubt that the formal psychiatric examination would dare touch that.
“...Similarly, he showed astonishing sensitivity in anticipating questions, forecasting intent and likelihood, deciphering moods and forestalling reactions, all of which reinforce the stated conclusion that he has uncommon sensitivity that is nearly impossible to explain by normal physical and psychological considerations alone... was also able to identify items belonging to the victim solely by touch...
“...It is this investigator’s firm conclusion that the subject has abilities that extend into the paranormal. Certainly his abilities seem far beyond the criteria set by the leading psychiatric manuals, defined as ‘psychic prevalence and predilection...’
“...It is this investigator’s conclusion that the subject firmly believes what he saw in his dream and no amount of detailed forensic questioning could shake that faith in him... and although there were some possible delusional components in his presentation, he remained always logical (once his basic premise was accepted), highly consistent, and believable... In terms of personality, he is well integrated, with good self-esteem, and highly rational. He is coping well with unusual circumstances... He doesn’t blame the police or the justice system... His expressed motivation was consistently prosocial, to assist the police in solving the crime... Furthermore he exhibited...”
And so it went until page 98. By the end, I felt totally exhausted. It was a balanced enough document, though I would have liked to see more support in one or two areas, but I could not complain. The overall presentation was clinical and dispassionate though the tone remained positive. I leafed backward, scanning the pages. Tomorrow I would go through it again, make notes and decide on the plusses and the few minuses. On page 57, I picked out the quote, “...Mr. Howard cannot, therefore, be considered deranged or abnormal aside from instances of a demonstrated sensitivity that surpasses normal abilities found in the general population...”
Closer to the end I found this gem on page 71, “...Given my findings, this investigator cannot dispute with any degree of assurance Mr. Howard’s claim of ‘psychic’ abilities. She must however caution the reader that the paranormal is not within her specific expertise...”
I lay there motionless letting her words roll around in my head. These were not unkind words, and professional enough to be of some use to me in court, but I was still disappointed. I wanted... I wanted... I don’t know what I wanted, precisely. More validation perhaps.
I realized I missed her. The room was dark; I wondered what time it was. Perhaps 3:00, 3:30 in the morning. I squeezed my eyes shut, trying to relieve the pressure in my head. Then because I couldn’t help myself, I reached out to touch her. I found contact, but not any awareness; I thought she was sleeping like all good people should at this time of the morning.
To relieve my tension, I took out my sketchbook, re-examined my drawings, then drew some more. Mostly of Amanda. On my pad, she belonged to me and I took liberties in posing her, sometimes prim and serious, other times enticing and even seductive. I didn’t know if I was responding to hidden currents from her, or from my own longings. I filled six pages before putting the pad away.
It, however, did not make sleeping any easier. Long after I closed my eyes, her image danced before my eyes as if burned onto my retinas.


Chapter 9

I didn’t see the detectives in the morning. I was told they were working on another case. A murder in suburbia, marital violence. The husband killed his wife in a jealous rage, was sorry for it. He confessed, but the matter still had to be investigated.
“What did you think of the report?” Dr. Sommerfeld asked. There was a hint of concern in her voice over my reaction; obviously, she did not want to upset me.
“I thought it was well written and fair,” I fumbled, “a little too clinical perhaps.”
“It is a document for the court. It has to be clinical. Why would I jeopardize my credibility by something else, biased too much in your favor? Though I like you, and hope it goes well with you, I could never write something that was not true or out of balance.”
“I notice that you left a few things out,” I countered. “That I can see through one-way vision glass, for instance. That I can reach out and connect with other minds...”
“Do you want them thinking you’re deranged?” No, of course not, but a few more words of support would have been welcome.
She read my mind. “Travis, I stretched it to your advantage as much as I could. Anything else would have achieved the opposite, cast in doubt all the good things I reported about you. They would have and still could dismiss my report as influenced and manipulated by you. And remember Helga was there, reporting God knows what to her supervisors.” Yes, I mustn’t forget about Helga.
We discussed a few more points, nothing essential. In all it was interesting; never in my whole life had I experienced such a concentration of attention on my humble self, and by such an intriguing observer. At some level she must have realized that as she investigated me, I, too, was assessing her. Each time she asked me a question or commented, she gave away a piece of herself. We had bonded. I knew it, but could she admit it? Or was it a daydream on my part, more wish-fulfillment? They must have trained her how to set personal boundaries to protect her clients and herself. In which case, I was again reading too much into the relationship.
She got set to go but I held her back. “What about the profile of the killer I asked you about?”
“Travis, that’s really not my expertise. I just know that profiling is a statistical balancing act, a cluster analysis of behaviors and characteristics. If you really need it, you must ask your lawyer for a referral to an expert. It takes years of practice to develop the requisite skill. I just don’t have it. Mostly I deal with young people, first offenders not hardened criminals.”
“I am one. I mean a first offender.”
“Yes, but what did you call him? Max is not.” That closed the door on the whole subject of profiling. As she left, I hoped I would see her again soon, but her court appointed task was done and I felt bereft.
It was a long rest of the day, alone with my thoughts, struggling with what I ought to do next. What else could I undertake? I was locked up in jail, deprived of any control. Time dragged, just increasing my indecision. I longed for some company. My cell seemed to have shrunk and I was starting to feel claustrophobic. It seemed such a long time that I had been here, certainly far longer than the actual week and a half.
Sleep would not come. I held out till 11:30, then quietly as a mouse, I reached out and touched her again but retreated at first contact. Oh, Amanda, Amanda. You got my attention.
I called up Max, using his anger to backtrack him to his lair. The bearing still held true. But as the connection warmed up, the signal kept increasing in intensity. Soon, I had to use my hands to keep my head from exploding from the pressure of emotions that came through the link. I broke contact, retreated. But I recognized the pattern of the rage. He was hunting, stalking, driven by a compulsion that he couldn’t resist. My God, he is on the prowl! He will kill someone if he finds an opportunity!
I tried to imagine the place where Max was hiding out. Quite possibly in the coastal fishing and holiday port of East Bay. I squeezed my eye shut and aimed myself that way. I had the sensation of floating clear of my body, finding myself suspended in a vista of blues and blacks with occasional sparkles of warmer colors. I felt free of gravity and my stomach rose into my throat. I felt nauseous, and vertigo set in. The whole panorama swirled around me with dizzying speed. I was going to throw up, and I ripped open my eyes to find myself on my cot. What the hell was that all about? More ESP or the nightmare of Max? Max building up energy, viciousness and an intent to kill?
My peace was gone. Totally gone. I could feel a new slaughter in the making and I could do nothing about it. The police would never believe me. What could I do? What must I do? I had to do something! I couldn’t just sit by and let it happen.
I started striding around the room, at times almost running. I considered the problem and kept stumbling over the obstruction of Maclure and Smythe’s total disbelief of anything I said. They thought I was a liar, or at best, demented. What would it take to make them believe? How was I going to convince them? By feeding them what they would believe without reservation. But that called for a huge sacrifice. Could I so endanger myself? I found no way out of the dilemma. I had no choice but to take the risk, accelerate events onto a collision course. For Jenny. For justice. To stop him. To save someone else. It was an interminable night. Again I did not get my rest.

I was conveyed to the by-now very familiar interrogation room. I recognized every crack in the lino on the floor, every flake of paint on the wall. We did our usual preliminary dance, just to warm ourselves up.
A few minutes into the interview, Smythe pulled my sketchbook from behind his back. “Now looky here at what we found.” He sneered at the aghast expression on my face. “After you left, we searched your cell and came up with this.” He flipped the page and came to a picture of Amanda, nude, revealing herself. It was not pornographic, but there was no denying the sexual overtone. I cringed. He turned to another picture that also showed her exposed. “She is an attractive woman, no doubt about it. The prosecution will be interested in this, and so will the jury. And no doubt Dr. Sommerfeld herself. Maybe she would reconsider the favorable report she submitted, seeing what a pervert you are.” He turned the page to another drawing, leered at it, his voice becoming even more insinuating. “Hell, I can see you jerking off to this.” Maclure snickered.
My anger spiked; a flood of red pressed in on my vision. I was ready to pounce, without regard to consequences. Even with the handcuffs restraining my hands, I could do some damage to Smythe’s face. I tensed. Smythe probably realized that he had pushed me too far. He put the sketchbook away and resumed in more normal tones, “Look, we’ve been all over this before. We all know the script and are sick of it. The two of us are paid for this and it fills our day. And we still will be here tomorrow, whether you are found guilty or innocent. But what does it do for you?” He looked a little speculative. “You could refuse to talk to us. You have that right. But as long as we are talking, we won’t get tired of demanding that you confess. One way or other, we will bury you.”
“Easy for you to say. If I refuse the interview, you’ll say I’m resisting, failing to cooperate. That won’t look good for me in court. But I’m sick and tired of all this.”
I think they smelled blood. It animated them to a new level of effort; certainly the pressure went up as they took turns hammering at me, using every trick at their disposal. Coercion, threats and intimidation, cajoling, promises and tons and tons of guilt-inducing rhetoric. They kept returning to my drawings and what a pervert I was. They leveraged my shame.
“Eventually you’ll have to face up to what you did and come clean.” Maclure leaned over me.
“Or languish in jail for the rest of your life, still claiming to be innocent. No one will believe you. Cooperate, and we will ask for a reduced sentence.” Smythe too, piled it on.
I was tired: how many times had we been over this?
“Maybe I should stop talking and let my lawyer deal with you guys,” I tried to get out from under their haranguing.
“Aha!” Maclure pounced. “Spoken like a guilty party. Hiding behind a lawyer.”
 I bowed my head under their onslaught. I was so tired. I gave a sob and caved in.
“All right! Enough! I confess! I did it. I did it because she wanted someone else. Not me. And I was jealous. I kept thinking if I can’t have her, then no one can, again and again, like a broken record, until I couldn’t stand it. I wanted to do something, not kill her, just scare her into obeying me. Her death was an accident. It was Max who cut her throat...” I choked on a sob, and couldn’t say any more.
The two were out of their chairs, towering threateningly over me. Still they were a little skeptical. They had so conditioned themselves to disbelieve anything I said that when I offered up what they wanted, they couldn’t swallow it in one gulp. I slumped over the table, my head cradled in my hands, sobbing, a broken man. After a while they had no choice but to believe me.
“Max, then, is your accomplice?” I nodded weakly.
“Where is he? Where is he staying?”
“East Bay. Somewhere in East Bay. In one of the cheap motels on the strip.”
“What is his name, his full name?”
I had anticipated the question and lied smoothly, “Saunders, but he changes names so often that it is probably something else by now.”
“Describe this Saunders.”
I improvised, “Six foot, about 180, clean-shaven, with short, spiky sandy hair.”
The two conferred and I overheard their words. “The Malibu was found not far from there in an old scrap iron dump. So East Bay is a good possibility.”
They hurried from the room, and I was taken back to my cell. I threw myself on the cot, my insides quivering with nervousness. Last night I reasoned out that the police would not listen to me, not unless I “confessed” like they were expecting, sure that I would break eventually. It was that or stand by and let someone else get murdered. So I “confessed” and sent them on the chase. The description I gave fit the Max of my dream in most respects, and I hoped it was close enough that they would recognize him from it. I waited anxiously for some news.
Four hours later they came and got me again. A guard took me downstairs and shoved me into the interrogation room. Maclure and Smythe were there slurping coffee. They frowned at me, displeased.
“We found nothing. There are ten motels on that stretch. There was no Max Saunders registered in any. And no Max anything.”
“You are just jerking us around.”
“He is there, somewhere.”
“How do you know?”
“Because that’s what he said he would do.” I wasn’t going to tell them about the bearings I had sensed.
“Well he’s not. We tried every rundown fleabag motel and rat’s nest in East Bay. Came up with nothing.”
“Look, I tell you he’s there. Maybe he disguised himself. Changed his name, his hair color, maybe a fake hair piece and glasses. What do I know? But he’s there.”
“How are we supposed to recognize him then?”
I knew, of course, but had to set it up right to sell it to them. I took a few turns around the room. “If he has altered himself, you won’t recognize him. But I could. From his walk or voice. His movements. Drive me there and I’ll point him out to you.”
“Right—and drag you around to ten motels?”
“Not necessarily. How many restaurants are there? I mean fast food places.”
“Just one, Beachview Bar and Grill.”
“Well, wait until supper time and stake out the place. He has to eat somewhere.”
“Yeah. That could work.” Smythe took the bait. He screwed up his face, thinking, then nodded, “Let’s do it.”
“I’d better talk to the Captain, and get his permission for this,” Sergeant Maclure said mindful of the chain of command. He left in a hurry. Smythe hovered over me, pleasant now that he had me eating out of his hand.
Maclure was back in no time, smiling. “It’s a go. The Captain wants the bastard caught. So let’s not waste any time, supper time is nearly here already.” He pulled out handcuffs and snapped them on my wrists to the front. Flanked by the two of them, I was taken outside and helped into an unmarked, nondescript Ford. Smythe drove; I was locked in the back.
“You know if we wrap this case up successfully I will ask for time off and take the wife and kids on a trip through the southwest. Visit Indian ruins and excavations.” Smythe was obviously feeling good. Not so Maclure, he was either going through divorce or contemplating it; family bliss was not high in his expectations.
“We ought to stop by Sheriff Dagril and OK this with him. East Bay is in his territory.” Maclure was clearly worried by jurisdictional concerns.
“Fuck that! He would take all the credit and leave us nothing but the paperwork,” Smythe growled. “Besides, we don’t really know if... Max is in East Bay. Let’s confirm that fact before we go begging for cooperation.” Maclure gave his agreement by his silence.
We passed through Freemont, Tomahawk Crossing and soon were approaching East Bay. We drove once along the strip and parked in front of Beachview Bar and Grill slightly to the side. Smythe fished for his wallet and asked me what I wanted. I said a bacon burger and he went inside. He was back in five minutes, passing the burger to me.
“There is only a woman and a kid inside. No other customers.”
There were only three cars in the parking lot, one belonging to the woman and the other two probably to the staff. We waited. I ate my burger trying to enjoy the flavor. Time passed, and for a while nothing happened. Then a brief flurry as a carload of teenagers descended on the place, filling it with their rowdiness. It started getting dark and the two detectives fidgeted in their seats. Still no Max. I took a cautious, quick bearing and got a weak echo from the left, but I quickly shut the probe off, afraid to tip him off. (I still did not know the limits of my abilities.) There were four hotels on the left, and he was in one of them. But which one? Maybe if we moved again, I could take another reference.
Time passed, and exactly on the hour by the dashboard clock, an obvious deadline, Smythe offered up, “We might as well pack it in, he’s not coming tonight. Maybe he ate already.”
“I’d hate to lose him if we’re close,” Maclure countered and that bought another half hour, at the end of which he too was ready to go.
“Maybe we ought to check a few motels,” I suggested.
“Which?”
“Perhaps the ones on the left.”
“Now you’re a psychic?” And they both laughed uproariously. We pulled out of the parking lot and headed left. There were four motels in sight, each seedier than the next.
“Which one, then?”
“Just drive down a ways, let’s have a quick look at them,” I said with enough assurance thrown into the indecision that no one challenged me. Smythe eased himself into the light traffic, and we had a look at all of them. None of the parking lots were more than half full. I closed my eyes to take a quick fix. I was just about to make contact when an abrupt screeching of tires tore into my brain. Shocked, I looked toward the sound, just in time to see a red Dodge station wagon hurtling toward my side of the car. We were going to be hit! I threw myself to the other side, covering my face with my manacled hands. A horrible crunch followed as the Dodge T-boned us and pushed us into the centre of the road. Glass shattered, Smythe swore and the metal shrieked in protest as the impact ate itself through the crumple zone. We bumped sideways, but things were slowing down, coming to a halt in a cloud of burnt rubber. The engine clattered noisily then choked into silence.
Smythe was still swearing; Maclure was brushing broken glass from his lap. There was a minor cut on his cheek, but nothing more. I was all right and able to sit up in the back. The impact was not all that bad, but it staved in the entire right side of the car. Smythe got out and Maclure had to scramble over both seats to get out the driver’s side. The two cops looked angrily at the other car.
A young man got out of the Dodge, a white, shocked expression on his face. “Dude, I didn’t see you, I swear.” He had pulled out from the shadow of a parked truck that had obstructed his view. We certainly hadn’t seen him. There was a girl in the front passenger seat, still frozen in shock, her eyes big with fright.
“You dumb fuck! You are shit out of luck; you just broadsided a police car.” The youth’s mouth dropped and I thought he would faint. Our Ford was hissing steam; it wasn’t going to go anywhere. We were in the middle of the road, obstructing the flow. With a warning honk a car eased around us, with kids plastered to the windows looking with big-eyed fascination at us. I felt like a fish in a glass bowl. Other cars followed, taking turns squeezing through the constriction.
“Now what?” Smythe growled.
“We wait for the cops,” Maclure said in a surprisingly calm voice.
The young man who hit us was helping his passenger out of the car; she was obviously pregnant and Smythe swore again.
It was slowly turning dark, and cars were snapping on their lights. Suddenly, I remembered why we were there. Max! I closed my eyes and concentrated. I made cautious contact, just holding at the periphery of his thoughts. I took a bearing, leading my eyes to Dolphin Track, a hotel about 300 yards on the left. Its lights just came on, the neon Vacancy sign pulsing pink.
I hoped to hell our commotion had not reached Max and somehow alerted him. I probed a little deeper and got the impression of agitation but that seemed normal for Max. He was always wound this tight.
A police cruiser and a tow truck arrived at the same time, both flashing their lights. Maclure talked with the uniformed cop, who took a few notes and then barked at the tow guy to clear the garbage off his road. With a great clatter from the fan, the Dodge backed out of the way. Smythe unlatched the security locks and fished me out the back. Seeing my handcuffs the cop demanded an explanation.
“We are transporting a prisoner to the County Jail,” Smythe lied smoothly. The cop made notes as he listened to Maclure’s explanation. In the meantime our Ford was pushed to the shoulder and we stood in a tight group by the side of the road. I sampled Max again, finding him more agitated. There was something wrong, the emotions were distorted, spiking and then flickering out. Was the guy drinking? I started worrying. Perhaps he was getting set to go out, to see what he could scavenge. If he left now, we might lose him, and have to collect another body. I broke into a sweat. We had to do something to head him off. But we were stuck in the middle of this accident.
It took 20 more minutes to sort things out. A car came and picked the young couple up. The tow truck dragged our injured Ford off to a garage, and the police car pulled away, taking his flashing lights down the road. Good thing he had not turned on his siren. With the commotion eased, I was breathing a whole lot easier. I checked on Max. His level was still rising and I was sure that he was working himself up to something. The urgency pressed on me; we had to do something in a hurry.
“What’s up?” I asked Maclure.
“I told the cop we would hole up in one of these motels for the night and get the County to pick us up in the morning.” Disgusted with the spoiled night, Smythe flicked his cigarette stub into the ditch. Maclure glanced at the motels back a ways across the road. “Which one?”
“The Dolphin Track,” I jumped in, and, deciding to remind them of our task, added, “Max might even be there.” I knew he was. Maclure cocked a speculative eye on me, his jaw firming up. Smythe just swore softly.
“Let’s do it then,” Maclure decided and we headed back up the road. We crossed, stumbling along the uneven shoulder in the deepening darkness. We approached the hotel, which looked less and less inviting. Smythe swore again. “I hope to hell there are no bedbugs.” Obviously, he was not looking forward to the night. I wanted to scream hurry, he is getting ready to go out, to hunt and kill again. I took a fix and knew he was in Unit 6. That was on the ground floor, the curtains drawn, the door facing the parking lot to the front.
“What now?”
“Let’s check in and get a look at the register. If Max is here, I ought to recognize his handwriting.”
“Good idea,” Maclure sounded, giving me praise for the first time.
Inside the office the cops flashed their badges. The duty clerk made eyes at my handcuffs but made no comment.
“We were just involved in an accident outside,” Maclure said, leaning into the clerk’s space, impressing his presence on the man, who just nodded. “The three of us need a room for the night.” The clerk swung the register in front of us and Maclure signed in. We paid and were given the key for Unit 9.
Outside Maclure looked questioningly at me. “He is in Unit 6, registered under the name M. Short from Philadelphia,” I said.
We advanced on the unit, and I was already probing ahead. Max was high on something, seemed to be striding up and down the room, still building up steam. I was just glad that we had him cornered.
“He’s inside,” I told the cops, “and dangerous.” Smythe glared at me, trying hard to believe; he was chewing on a wad of gum, his mouth working furiously. I hung back, listening inside the room. The two cops drew their guns and ranged themselves on either side of the door.
The two exchanged looks; Maclure nodded, reached out and knocked heavily on the door. “Police, Mr. Short. Open up!” His voice sounded incredibly loud, reverberating in the small sphere our world had suddenly shrunk to. From inside, a sudden burst of energy spiked, stabbing into my brain. “Police, open up!” Maclure demanded.
“We have you surrounded,” Smythe added for good measure. The burst dipped into indecision, then started back up again. Already my head hurt. “Be careful,” I warned.
I did not know what was happening on the inside, could not see, but the energy was turning  from a mix of yellow and blue to red, and I recognized the signature of gathering rage. I hardly dared to breathe anymore; I was hanging onto the connection. He was moving about, throwing things.
“Come out NOW!” Maclure ordered. Exchanging warning looks with Smythe, he got set to kick in the door and rush the room. He raised his foot, ready to lunge. The signal spiked again into the red zone, and I threw myself forward, tackling both cops at the same time, bowling them over. Loud bangs erupted and in rapid succession four shots came through the door that would have caught both detectives in the chest. As it was, one bullet hit Smythe and he cried out in pain. Maclure was rolling on the ground, having dropped his gun. We were all down, scrambling around.
The door burst open, and Max jumped through the broken frame. He had a sneer on his face, cursing all coppers. He took in the scene, the three of us thrashing on the ground like worms.
“You fucking assholes!” He raised his gun, an ugly looking automatic, and took aim at Maclure, hitting him in the leg. Maclure cried out in agony. The bastard was going to kill us but would make us suffer first. Then leering sadistically, Max took aim at Smythe on all fours and pulled the trigger. Smythe yelped, only grazed on the upper arm, and Max laughed. In my view, his aura was blazing, flickering with bright orange and crimson reds. The level was still climbing and I could not shut it out. I was next, saw the barrel line up on me... and that was when I shot him. Once in the chest and twice in his abdomen. The impact threw him back and smashed him against the wall. The gun dropped from his hand as he slid down, looking with surprise at the spurting blood from his wounds. A knife was suddenly thrust into my brain and twisted, as the impact of the pain hit Max. He bled in little spurts, and quickly grew weaker. He lived just long enough to sample his pain and realize that he was dying. The tumult inside my head was diminishing as I watched his life ebb away, a pool of blood expanding beneath him.
“Are you guys OK?” I croaked at the two detectives. Smythe crawled over to me, and I handed him his gun. I thanked God that I had rolled on top of it and just had time to shoot Max before he could shoot me. I rose to all fours, and the reaction hit me, and I retched my guts out.
Maclure knelt beside me and held my head up. “It’s all right, Kid. You saved us all.” His voice was undisguisedly tender.
What followed was a blur and I can barely remember it. A crowd collected and Smythe tried to hold them back, not to disturb the crime scene. Sirens approached and cops swarmed all over the place. The sheriff showed up, a big beefy redneck, and started to throw his weight around. The ambulance arrived and took Maclure. Smythe was just grazed, hardly even bleeding, and he refused to leave me behind.
Eventually we ended up in the local jail, a lot of us squeezed into a small room, as we worked through the events. Smythe talked himself hoarse, and dazed, I confirmed a point or two, but couldn’t recall much. I vaguely remember the Sheriff yelling at Smythe, “What were you incompetent sods doing, shooting up my turf, dragging me away from the NASCAR championship on TV?!”
Eventually, they led me off to a cell, where they had to throw out a drunk drying out there to make room for me. I collapsed on the bare cot, totally exhausted. But for the first time in a long time I felt relaxed. The pressure in my head was gone. That was for you, Jenny, so that you may rest. The thought of her filled me with such warmth and love that somehow it must have come from her. Maybe from my memory of her. I had a feeling she was thanking me, but also saying goodbye. Don’t go Jenny, please don’t go. I pleaded. Then the darkness swallowed me.


Chapter 10

Next morning I woke not knowing where I was. Light was streaming through a window, barely illuminating the interior. Slowly things jelled into place as I recalled the events of the previous night. The cot was hard; all my bones seemed to have been wrenched from their places, every muscle hurting.
I needed to pee badly and yelled, “Hey out there! I need to use the bathroom.” A deputy stuck his head through the door, checked on me, then told me to use the bucket in the corner. I saw it then, worse, I smelled it, half full with contributions already. I stood over it and peed a long time in a steady stream. “I guess they didn’t scare the piss out of me,” I chuckled with unexpected levity. I realized the incredible lightness I felt, as if a great burden had been taken from me. My work was done. Max was dead; Jenny had been avenged. My mind was clear.
They fed me breakfast. At 11:00 Maclure and Smythe showed up, Maclure favoring his leg but otherwise all right.
“We are going home, Kid,” Maclure said in good humor, and I wondered if they had given him something at the hospital to perk him up.
They put handcuffs on me, took me outside and tucked me into a car, not the Ford. “A rented car,” Smythe explained as he slid behind the wheel.
The drive back was uneventful and I gazed with interest at the outside floating by. It seemed a lot closer to me than yesterday, and I could see myself settling into some normalcy again. Both cops thanked me for saving their lives, twice. “You’re a hero,” Maclure said as he passed me the morning paper that screamed in bold print, “Shoot Out: Kid Kills Pal, Saves Cops.”
“They got an extra out just for you.” There was a fuzzy picture of me, handcuffed and escorted by police. I tried to read the article but my mind just would not focus.
“Max was not my pal,” I grumbled.
Back in County Jail I was taken to my cell. I had difficulty dealing with the fact that I was still a prisoner. Max was dead. The killer got his just desserts. What was I still doing behind bars?
In the afternoon they took me to interrogation where I met up with my two buddies. Maclure and Smythe looked a little uncomfortable as we took our places.
“So what gives?” I queried.
“We need to wrap things up,” Maclure started. “Max is dead and there will be a pro forma coroner’s hearing you’ll be asked to testify at, but that’s entirely separate. We would like to close the book on Ms. Wilson’s murder.” I suddenly realized that I had missed her funeral and interment. I was not there to say goodbye to her. Suddenly, I felt indescribably sad. I just could not get past her death.
“What is there to close? Max killed her and now Max is dead. How can you close something that is already closed?
Both cops looked at me in disbelief. Smythe opened his mouth to ask, “Have you forgotten that you are an accomplice and have confessed to taking part in the crime? We can’t just ignore that. You are still charged with criminal involvement in Ms. Wilson’s murder.”
Yes, that was true. “Sure I confessed, but that was just a ruse to get you to come with me to smoke out Max. And we did just that. You would never have gone looking for him had I not confessed. I really am innocent. I never had anything to do with her death.”
“Oh, no! Not this bullshit again! We’ve been over this a thousand times. The ‘dream’ won’t help you. It is too exact to the actual killing. All it does is dig your grave deeper.”
“I told you it was ESP.”
“We don’t believe in extra sensory perception,” Maclure pronounced with exaggerated precision, his derision unmistakable.
“Well you’d better. It saved your lives. Ask yourselves: when I tackled you before Max fired through the door, how did I know? You didn’t. I could feel Max’s intent; I knew he was going to shoot. Whether you want to believe it or not, there is ESP. And you can thank your lucky stars that there is, otherwise you would be dead now. Both of you.”
“That was just a lucky guess,” Smythe replied, looking uncomfortable. “It was our mistake. We are both experienced cops and should have expected it.”
“And one more thing. Did Max show any sign of recognizing me? Did he yell, ‘You fuckin’ traitor, you sold me out!’ No! He thought I was one of you. He was about to shoot me.”
“Look Kid, believe me we are both grateful to you for saving our lives. But we still can’t let you go. The law requires us to proceed on the basis of the evidence and there is too much of that incriminating you.”
“Like what? An eyewitness? Who is it?”
“I guess there is no harm in telling you. David Sloan.”
“David?” I was taken aback. “I know him from third grade. He’s a poser, a wannabe; he’d do anything for attention. Just ask any of his friends, see if they believe him. I tell you they won’t. Not even his parents.” I waited to let it sink in, but they looked unconvinced. “Look, he is not a bad kid really, just very needy, craves attention. Look how far he’s gone to get it.”
“To thrust himself into a murder investigation, that’s a far fetch.”
“Not really. If you knew him you’d understand. He probably thinks I’m guilty and saw no real harm in it. But I tell you I was in bed when he claimed he saw me.”
“Look here Travis, let us help you. Plead guilty and we will testify on your behalf how you cooperated and saved our lives. We’ll make a deal with the District Attorney’s office for a lighter sentence. You’ll be out in no time. But if you persist, that ties our hands, we can’t claim cooperation in court when you’re not cooperating.”
He was hammering against my wall, and I was on theirs.
“What else do you have against me?”
“You killed Max, the very person who could implicate you fully and testify in exact detail about your involvement in the crime. Now that was convenient. One less witness.”
“I shot him to save all our lives. Remember?”
“Yes, and believe me we’re grateful. All the same, we’ll backtrack Max’s movements and will find where he crossed your path. It’s only a matter of time. But you have to realize how it will play out in court. The prosecutor will go after that like a wolf after a lamb and tear you to pieces,” Smythe filled in the unpleasant picture.
Maclure was following his own scent. “I admit Dr. Sommerfeld’s report gives you some credit but the Psychiatric Examiners have concluded that given how delusional you are, you could well be a perpetrator or an accomplice. They feel that you have great capacity for self-deception to rationalize a murder into a so-called dream. That ‘dream’ you push so avidly is your worst accuser.”
“That is ESP. I can understand that it’s hard for you to believe. I didn’t want to myself at first, but there is no other way of explaining it.” I could see I wasn’t making a dent in the wall. “All right, put that aside for the moment. What else do you have? The knife and trophies you dug in my garden?” Both heads bobbed in confirmation. “I tell you they were planted. By Max.”
They still looked dubious.
“I never met Max before. Knew him only from my dream. The rest was all ESP. Max planted the incriminating evidence to misdirect you and point a finger at me. It was a heaven-sent opportunity for him because with just a little effort he could confuse the trail that led to him. Did you find my fingerprints or DNA on the knife? On the trophies?”
“No, not yours. There were some others but we have no match for it.”
“Well then test it against Max’s. I bet you a thousand bucks it will match him.”
“Maybe, but that still doesn’t let you off the hook. You could still be an accessory to murder.”
“What motive? Jealousy? Ask any of our friends, Jenny’s and mine. They will tell you we were best of friends.”
“It doesn’t matter. It’s your dream that brands you guilty. It places you at the scene. I never understood why, for such a smart guy, you resorted to such a lame story and called attention to yourself.”
“Because I wanted to help you find Jenny’s murderer. And the dream is all I had to work with. Believe me, I wished there had been some other way. But there wasn’t.”
But no matter how hard I talked the two cops remained unconvinced. Their innate skepticism allowed them no room for any benefit of doubt. I was thinking hard, what else could I do?
“Look, let me take a lie detector test to clear this up. That will prove that I’m innocent.”
“Now you want the test? We asked you in the beginning but you refused.”
“Yes. On my lawyer’s advice. He was adamant against it. He didn’t want me even talking to you. But I had to keep you guys working. Just like I had to ‘confess’ to get you guys doing something.”
The two cops conferred briefly and decided. “All right Travis, I will set up a test for you but it better prove you right.” With that, Maclure stood up and left the room.
“So we’re back to square one then?” I asked, dejected.
“Not quite,” Smythe said softly. He pulled my sketchbook out and placed it on the table. “I never saw this before. You understand?” He pushed the sketch pad over to me.
I was taken back to my cell, where I met up with Mr. Balfour. Soon as he saw me he attacked, waving a sheet in my face. “You stupid fool! You signed a confession? Without consulting me? I never had such an ass-down idiot for a client in all my life! How can I defend you now? All along you refused to do what I instructed you to. How many times did I tell you not to talk to the police? They will bury you with your own words. What will come at me next? Why should I risk my professional reputation?” He threw the pages in my face. I flinched. But he was not through yet. “I quit! I don’t want to hear another word from you or your case. No more lies, stories or dreams. I’ve had enough. And let me tell you, no reputable lawyer will touch your case. No one will take on such an unreliable, rogue client. The court will have to appoint you some loser of a public defender.” He did not allow me a word; he stormed out of the cell.
My father was next, looking very worried. My heart nearly broke seeing him that way. He stared at me sadly but spoke softly as to a child he was afraid to scare. He must think I’m insane. “Son, I’m sorry to see you looking like this.” I guess he was shocked by my appearance. I felt the circles under my eyes, and the sickly sheen of my skin. “Your mother wanted to come, but she was upset and couldn’t stop crying long enough. She’s very worried.” He shrugged his shoulders apologetically. “Mr. Balfour quit... but I want you to know we’ll find someone else to represent you.” I felt for him; he always used my mother to tell me how he felt. If mother was upset so was he, if she was anxious then so was he. “Don’t worry about the cost...” I guess he was; in my single-minded pursuit of justice for Jenny I didn’t even think of it. Now I did. I didn’t want to hear that they had to take out a second mortgage to finance my defense. I sincerely hoped not. He left, and I was on the edge of despair, what else could go wrong? What could I do to help myself? So far my track record was not very good. Every time I came up with something I just sank deeper in shit until I was mired completely.
Exhausted I lay on the cot, chewing on my lips. I didn’t touch my supper; I had not an ounce of appetite. I looked somewhere for comfort but couldn’t find any. I thought of Amanda, and it helped to calm me a bit. But in the long run it filled me with so much longing that a new war started up. I wanted badly to reach out for her, but didn’t want to impose on her: I had no right.
I resisted for two hours, stuck in a constant battle between the two desires. Finally I gave in. I reached out, to intuit. I didn’t try to think of anything specific, no ideas or thoughts, no pictures, just a stream of color-banded emotions, full of sickly yellows and unpleasant, murky browns. A strange soundtrack went into the message, a low, mournful discordant strain. From somewhere an unpleasant odor of overripe cheese inserted itself. I shuddered. Afterward I felt a little better, having downloaded my depression, but guilty that I had burdened her.


Chapter 11

The lie detector test was an unmitigated failure. The technician complained to the two detectives, not realizing that I could overhear him through the soundproofing, “I can’t establish a base line. I ask him a neutral question that shouldn’t arouse a major response and the needles go off the scale! I try again and again but the readings don’t make any sense. It’s as if he’s discharging constantly, sending my needles dancing up and down. It’s no use. I can’t calibrate my machine. Without a base line to establish his normal range, without an upper and a lower limit, there is nothing more I can do.”
“You think he is doing this on purpose? Manipulating the machine?” Smythe queried.
“No one is supposed to be able to do that. You might be able to mask a few reactions by generating inner questions to confuse a response, but this is a massive overlay. I can’t understand it. I asked my questions anyway, pretended to carry out a normal assessment, but don’t ask me to interpret the results, they make no sense whatsoever.”
“Well thanks anyway for trying.”
Afterward the session in the interrogation room produced mixed results.
“The test is unreliable, inconclusive,” was all that Smythe was willing to say.
“But we do have a bit of good news for you. We brought in David Sloan for questioning. Leaned on him a little, didn’t let him squirm away, and he caved. Confessed that he made it up, because he was sure you were guilty and didn’t want you getting away with it,” Maclure reported.
“Yeah, well he thinks differently now, you can bet on that. I put to him, ‘So you are sure enough of your testimony to send him to the electric chair?’ He nearly crapped his pants. The fool doesn’t even know that we put away the electric chair years ago in this state.” Smythe was relishing the memory.
“The point is that is one accusation out of your hair.” Maclure picked up the story. “Another is that Forensics confirmed that the residual DNA and smudged prints on the knife and trophy items found hidden in your garden belonged to Max. But that does not exonerate you entirely. You could still be an accomplice. I wish you had not killed him, shot him sure, but we could use his testimony to clear you.” My ears pricked up. For the first time in our association, I heard one of them utter something halfway sympathetic to my cause. “With the FBI we have started to backtrack Max’s movements, to see if there was anything in his past, and if you and he have intersected at any time.”
“I never met him, I tell you. Only in the dream.”
“See here, that is the trouble. How are we supposed to investigate your dream? All we have is your word for it, and that alone is not enough. The law demands more. And your words indicate a precise knowledge of the crime, ergo, placing you at the crime scene. We need evidence to refute guilt, assurances are not enough. No amount of character witnesses can wash you clean.”
On that sad note we broke off the interview. I was conducted to my cell and left to myself. After the excitement of the last days, I was still tired and tried to sleep without success. Then, out of the blue, there was a noise at the door, and Dr. Sommerfeld and Helga stepped into the cell. At the sight of her my face lit up and a surge of energy flashed though me.
“Dr. Sommerfeld! I didn’t think they would let you see me again,” I said with undisguised joy in my voice.
“I told them I was afraid you might be suicidal and they didn’t want to take a chance.” She looked at me intently, her eyes all over my face, tracking traces of stress. I could feel her concern. I guess the message of the night before got through.
“I’m sorry for having imposed on you, but I was feeling very low and had no one else to turn to.”
“I wish I could say it was alright, but it wasn’t. Perhaps you don’t realize how devastating such a... a visitation feels. I was throwing up half the night.” Her voice was reproachful but not condemning. Scanning me again, and reassured by my lit-up look, her eyes lost some of her concern.
“I’m really sorry. I will try very hard not to do that again.” And I meant it.
As we talked I brought her up to date on subsequent developments. I stressed the hopeful points and suppressed the not so. She said she was glad her report helped somewhat and was grateful to hear the full story of Max’s demise because the newspaper accounts were so sketchy and confusing. She said she had met my parents, that they were good people and that she had been able to help my mother, to inject some confidence to fight her anxieties. I thanked her profusely. I couldn’t believe how good it was to see her. I was even glad to be in jail—it had brought us together in this intense way. Certainly, without the experience, we would have passed each other on the street without a second glance. In this atmosphere of constant crisis, I was firmly bonded to her and glad of it. But I was not sure how she felt, better said, how deeply she felt. That she threw up half the night was an indication.
“You know when this is all over, I will need therapy,” I said coyly, half in jest.
That brought her up short. “I’m a professional with rather strict guidelines. There are things I can and can’t do. I must admit that I have developed too deep feelings for you to be able to function as your therapist.” I was of course thrilled to hear her admit it, but I was waiting for the other shoe to drop, and it did. “My needs could easily get in way of your treatment and would be a gross breach of professional conduct.” She took a deep breath. “Technically I can’t even see you informally for two years because of my professional involvement with you.” That was sobering, but for the moment, for this moment, her presence alone was enough. It must have been all over my face because she blushed and lowered her eyes. My emotions went wild, racing up and down. I had never felt like this in my whole life. It was more intense than anything I had ever experienced... even more intense than... than looking down the barrel of a gun with Max’s sneering face behind it. My face glowed, and neither of us dared to say anything. We just gazed into each other eyes. Slowly she closed hers, and I could see the pulse quicken in the curve of her throat. Her face tilted up as if positioning for a kiss and I wanted to so badly. But Helga was there, and Amanda was a doctor with professional limits. Her eye remained closed, the lashes trembling slightly. I could not resist, I reached out and touched her, and the energy flowed, filling us both up and up and up. I felt love go out from me in rainbow radiance, and return tenfold with so much glow that I could not stand the pleasure of it anymore. I broke contact and we both sat there panting, just looking with wonder at each other.
There was nothing to say after that. We were silent, then by an unspoken, mutual agreement, she stood and left.
For a long time I lay on the cot, replaying every bit of the memory of her. Each time the afterglow filled me up and I felt healed and rejuvenated.


Chapter 12

This time the interrogation was very, very different. It started off well. “We’ve been able to pick up Max’s trail through half a dozen states and found he was a suspect in at least two rape-murder cases. They just lacked proof. We sent them a copy of our findings and the DNA profile. Got a call earlier this morning, confirming similarities and the hope that their cases can soon be closed,” Maclure reported, and I again had a sense that he was on my side.
Then Smythe took over. “In fact, the only thing we have against you now is your own words, the dream. We do not know how to investigate it, or how to defuse it, but it alone is enough to convict you. The DA is raring to go. He has lost three cases in a row and thinks your case is an easy sell to any jury. I have to agree with him. After all, you accuse yourself. You can’t take that back. And there is your bogus confession that is also on record.”
“What can help me then?”
“A miracle,” Maclure admitted glumly.
Later, I met my new lawyer appointed by the court. Mr. Balfour was right; no other lawyer could be found who was willing to argue against an open-and-shut case involving an unpredictable client. Mr. Henricks was from the public defender’s office, trying to juggle an overload. He promised to do his best but said the case was strong against me and not to expect much. He asked a few questions, made some notes and hurried off to his next appointment. I was not encouraged. From his questions, I knew he was even less prepared that he was willing to admit.
I strode up and down my cell trying to figure this out. I was searching for a... miracle. But in midst of a crisis miracles are typically hard to come by. So I strode and thought. Up and down.
I decided to go back to the beginning, replay everything in sequence, as if testifying in court, starting at the Fountainhead. All of us were there: Jordy, Shaw, Kerry, Raffi, Carmen, Jenny and me. There were other people there, but we formed a cohesive group and entertained ourselves... Kerry was pumping Jenny about her university, thinking of switching over because she did not like her college... Jordy and I were talking cars... Carmen and Raffi were nuzzling each other... Jordy and Shaw got into a friendly dispute over something historical no one else cared about... the evening ran its course filled with the typical inconsequential interaction that consumed our time whenever a bunch of us got together... it was the usual, nothing stuck out... At 8:30 or so Jenny said she had something to do and left... since I had an assignment due the next day, I also packed it in and went home... mom was already asleep, dad was watching the news, I went upstairs and resumed keying my essay into the computer, a work-in-progress since the week before. It was worth 20 percent of my final grade so I was quite thorough... Around ten I submitted it online and rewarded myself by listening to some music. I fell asleep... I awoke from a nightmare in which Jenny was killed, but it was so unpleasant that I skipped over it, not wanting to remember. But my body did and would not settle down for some time... no wonder that I slept in and rushed through the morning, finding to my dismay that I had forgotten to recharge my cell phone and the thing was dead... I drove to campus, attended my first class, Socio398... talked with Billy in the student centre... went to Art309, Renaissance Art History... from where I was summoned to the Dean’s office... and the nightmare really began.
There was not a drop of miracle anywhere. Discouraged I tried once more, went through the evening and the next day, finding nothing again. Doggedly I stuck with it, this time trying to look from the outside more, how Jordy would have seen it, how Carmen. It was interesting to watch myself act and react to things around me but I still found nothing that would help me.
In the next run through, I let things flow more fluidly, from one episode into another, staying with one person, then with another. Going home, I remembered wondering about the weather the next day. At home I debated whether to catch the news with dad but decided to complete my assignment instead. What a bitch it was. The prof was very nitpicky so I had double-checked my grammar and punctuation. The last time he had returned my work all marked up. I wondered what mark he gave me for my latest effort. After that I remembered wanting to squeeze in a video game, a new game a friend had burned onto a disk, but I was too tired so went with the music instead. I remembered reminding myself not to forget to recharge the phone but I did forget... then the dream, the damned dream again. I had trouble shaking that off. And so it went. I cycled through the recall again looking for even more detail. I was in midst of chewing out my prof for dumping such a bitch of a project on us when it hit me, straight and fast: I had found my miracle!
I jumped up from my cot and tore around the cell half the night, could not wait till dawn, but had to. The time dragged unbearably. I had the proof I needed, but no one to tell it to. I was free… or should be free… in the morning. I wanted to contact Amanda and share my miracle with her, but in my present state of excitement I did not dare: I would surely blow her circuitry with my overcharge.
6:30 reveille. At 7:15 breakfast was passed through the door, but I could not even look at it, my stomach was so nervous from excitement. 8:00 dragged by, then 9:00 and at long last 10:00. The guard came and led me through the corridors. The bastard paused at one door and chatted pleasantly with the guard behind the bulletproof glass. I could have kicked the shit out of him.
Then finally, we were in the interrogation room, with the symbiots, Maclure and Smythe. They had things to tell me. Max’s DNA matched one of the cases, so that could be wrapped up as well. The DA had pushed for a trial and got the judge to set a date. The prelims would start around the 19th of next month. My new lawyer did not put up much of an objection.
“You’d better find a more aggressive lawyer. The DA will walk all over this one and you’ll be facing sentencing before the trial even begins,” Smythe offered in his laconic manner. Maclure nodded in agreement.
“I don’t think I will have to,” I said mysteriously. Now that I had my audience, I didn’t want to reveal my miracle, reluctant as a magician to give away his trade secrets. The case was solved and as yet only I knew it.
“What do you mean? You’re not giving up, are you?” Maclure asked, plainly worried.
“Hell no! I mean the DA has to prove his case beyond a shadow of a doubt, right?”
“Right!”
“Well I got my shadow,” I continued cryptically.
“What you got?” Both were now salivating.
“Remember I told you on the night of Jenny’s murder, I was working on my assignment?”
“Yes. Believe me, we have been over your testimony a thousand times. I know it by heart.”
“Well then, you will also recall that I submitted it online.”
“Yes. What of it?”
“Online. Over the Internet.” They both looked puzzled at me, reminding me they were not of the iPod generation.
“The submission was time stamped; there will be a record of that. How could I send around 10:00 and be present at the murder at the same time?”
“Oh.” I could see them rolling it around in their heads, tasting it, testing it.
“You know that could work,” Maclure estimated.
“Wait,” Smythe cautioned. “We confiscated your computer. Dissected it forensically, but found nothing. Not much was left of memory though. Your time stamp could be gone.”
“That is because my files are encrypted and hidden in an invisible partition. But it doesn’t matter. The receiving end would also have a record and so would the Internet provider!” I declared triumphantly.
“That could work,” Smythe considered, “what’s the professor’s name?”
“Professor Hewig, Sociology.”
Smythe hurried from the room to make his calls. Maclure still looked worried. “Hope it works,” he muttered under his breath.
“If the time stamp is verified, it would prove that I was still at home, would it not? Or would the DA argue that it was someone else sending it in my stead?”
“He’d be a fool if he does. At the very least you’ve got your reasonable doubt.”
“I thought so. Man, it will be great to get out of here and return to normal life.”
We waited and I started to worry. What could keep Smythe so long? Could there be a hitch someplace? I checked my reasoning again but couldn’t find any flaws.
At long last Smythe returned with a big smile on his face. “Mr. Howard, you are a free man. The university has confirmed the time stamp. I talked with the professor myself. He had not been aware how critical the time element was in your case. He was horrified to find out how easily he could have exonerated you and saved you and your family all this anxiety. And you know that last assignment? You got an A- on it. Congratulations son. The DA wants nothing more to do with your case. So you are free to come and go as you please. I’m glad it turned out this way. You are all right, Kid.” And solemnly he shook my hand.
“Man, I’m glad to see you go,” Maclure pounded me on the back.
There was of course the paperwork, return of my clothes and possessions. I was asked to come back in two days so the justice of the peace could formally dismiss the charges and get it into the record. I would be only too happy to oblige, I assured the clerk. In an interrogation room I changed into my civvies, not even caring if there was anybody behind the glass.
I asked for a phone to make a private call. The duty officer showed me into the lieutenant’s office where I could use the phone undisturbed. I first called home. “Mom, I’m free. The charges were dropped against me...” and I told her the details. Halfway through she burst out crying and couldn’t stop. Mom was always like that, very excitable. I could not give enough assurances; I had to repeat them several times. It took at least half an hour before I could end the conversation with, “Have Dad pick me up at the police station. See you soon.”
The next number I had to look up in the phone book. I dialed and waited with a hammering heart.
“Dr. Sommerfeld’s office. How may I help you?” a pleasant voice inquired.
“I would like to talk to the doctor, please.”
“Do you have an appointment?”
“No. But I am a patient of Dr. Sommerfeld and I must let her know something very important.”
“And your name?”
“Travis James Howard.”
“One moment please.” There were several clicks and she came on. “Travis, is that you?” The sound of her voice took my breath away and I choked up with emotion. “Travis, are you all right?” Worry colored her tone.
I found my voice. “Yes, now I am.” Then I told her the rest. At critical points I heard her intake of breath, and heard her exhale in relief. In the end she said, “Travis, I’m so happy for you. I can’t begin to tell you how relieved I am. I’m so thankful I could explode.”
“How about going out tonight to celebrate my freedom?”
I felt her pause, and chills went down my spine. I knew what was coming and I didn’t want to hear it. “Now, you know I can’t do that. There are rules and guidelines...” she went on, and I had heard it all before. It took 20 minutes before we got close to saying goodbye. “Travis, I can’t tell you enough how happy I am. Congratulations again. And keep in touch. Let me know how you’re doing.” The click was final, and I felt horribly alone.
I suppose that could have been the end of my story, but of course, it wasn’t.


Two weeks later I called her office, and got her on the line.
“Dr. Sommerfeld, I need to make an appointment with you, professionally.” I tried to keep all traces of emotion from my voice not to drive her off.
“Travis, you know I can’t be your therapist for the reasons we’ve already discussed. It is not allowed.”
“I need to talk to someone, but I trust only you. I really have some problems which I need to work through. But I can’t do it alone. I need your help.”
“Travis, it’s against the rules...”
“I know but you already know my case, know my... my peculiarities. Can you see me talk ESP with a new therapist? He would certify me insane on the spot. You already know.”
It took a good fifteen minutes to talk her into it and set a time two days hence.

At the appointed time I was in her waiting room. Her receptionist was a pleasant brunette who looked at me quizzically.  She knew of me, of course, from the report on file, 98 pages of it, and God only knows how many transcribed notes. Added to it was a bit of curiosity about the boss herself: how much was she involved?
Dr. Sommerfeld came out to welcome me and lead me into her office. I tried not to show the impact the sight of her had on me, but doubtless I failed because the receptionist’s eyes nearly popped out.
I took a chair and she sat behind her desk, looking very professional. I looked around the office, her inner sanctum. There were diplomas and certificates of merit on the wall. Pictures of important looking people. A bookcase took up an entire wall, full of big books with impressive long titles.
“So Travis, how are you?”
“In part fine. But I can’t sleep, or sleep so badly that I’m always exhausted. I haven’t gone back to university. I’ve given up on this semester because I lost so much time. The university’s been understanding—realizing that I have to decompress and recover my equilibrium. But I can’t. I try but I can’t seem to function normally. I start something but can’t finish it. I have no motivation to.”
“And you’ve lost some weight, I see.”
“Don’t have any appetite. Can’t sustain any interest.”
“These are all common symptoms of Post Traumatic Stress Disorder. You’ve gone through a lot, had an old... girlfriend killed, been accused of killing her, were arrested, reviled by the media, condemned by acquaintances, not to mention nearly killed by a demented murderer. Half of that is enough to make you sick.”
“I don’t seem to have trouble with most of that. Sure, I’ve found out who my real friends are, and facing Max was no picnic, but I didn’t have the least bit of trouble shooting him. I would do it over and over again. The bastard died too easily. It’s the dream movie, the thing that started it all. That is my real problem. It pops into my head at any time of day. Sometimes I can shut it off and sometimes I can’t and have to let it run its course. I don’t know how to deal with that. It just won’t let me go. I end up crying half the time.” I couldn’t look at her directly but kept dodging her gaze, trying to hide my wimpy whining. My eyes roamed the room looking for a safe place to focus on. Among all the professional décor there was an odd portrait with no eyes. I kept going back to it, wondering why there were no eyes and why it was hanging there in the face of every client. I sampled it, trying to solve the puzzle. Slowly it came into focus, the meaning dawning. The clients had no eyes to see and unravel issues and problems confronting them. Just like me. ESP or no ESP, I too was blind. But blind men can still talk and I did, volumes of it.
She listened to me and asked questions when needed, but mostly she just let me talk. She let me ventilate, bleed off emotions. We tried to figure out how the movie came into being in the first place. I told her my theory.
“Jenny was being attacked, and in her pain and horror, she must have cried out for me, not wanting to die alone. If I were a normal person, it would have had no effect, but because of my paranormal sensitivity it stuck. The level of her fear, her agony, combined with Max’s rage stamped it indelibly on my mind. I know I can receive and transmit emotions only, but because of Jenny’s and Max’ combined energies the movie was burned into my memory as a complete whole.”
Dr. Sommerfeld couldn’t help me with that, not many could, maybe no one, yet my theory was at least an explanation that covered the basic facts. But she had a few thoughts herself.
“It seems likely to me that you have not let go of Jenny, not fully. First you felt guilty for her death; the living often do for surviving. Then because of the movie as you call it, you got drawn even more deeply into it, and felt complicit in her dying. Then the police accused you, and by proxy made you responsible for solving her murder. Which you did in the most unbelievable manner. And throughout it all, you protected the only evidence you had—the dream. And now you can’t let go of it, because it is your last link with her. Yes, there is Post Traumatic Stress, and now the movie is haunting you; it’s become a waking nightmare.”
We talked along those lines, and easily burned up the hour.
“Travis, I will agree to see you professionally, when I know I should not. Mostly because others might have trouble accepting your special abilities. And you definitely need help with this. But I must insist that this last only a few sessions, and after this is over, we can’t meet for at least two years after therapy has ended. You must promise me that.”
“I don’t like it but I can wait, if that’s the only way,” I said, making it sound like a promise, but, childishly, I had my fingers crossed.
She sensed something, for she had a fine nose. “Besides, I’m too old for you. You should be running around with someone your age...” It’s funny how dense intelligent people can be sometimes. As a psychologist she should know that the heart has its own criteria and mine knew exactly what it wanted. Jenny, a young love, was a sweet early experience. But Dr. Sommerfeld was a complete woman, with qualities and abilities... the heck with all that, we matched perfectly, why could she not admit it?
I saw her three more times, and it helped. The severity and frequency of my symptoms decreased, the anxiety receded. Then came the last scheduled appointment, and I was tempted to serve her up some more symptoms so that I could continue to see her, but I knew she was too perceptive to fall for it. So I let time run its course, but I was already grieving the coming loss.
To my surprise, she told me to follow her out of the office. We got in her car and drove to Mount Pleasant Cemetery. When we got out, she took my arm and led me through rows of tombstones. “You were in jail when Jenny was buried so you missed her funeral. You never got to say goodbye to her.” She stopped by a shiny new stone with Jenny’s name carved into it. “Say goodbye to her. Let her go. A part of her will always be with you. In your memory. You will never lose that.” She gently disengaged herself from me. “I will go to the chapel and light a candle for her. You stay here and say your farewell. Take your time. When you’re ready you’ll find me in the chapel.” Quietly she walked away, left me staring at the cold stone.
It took me a while to thaw, to feel and let the tears flow. I sobbed like I never sobbed before, crying for her, but also crying for myself. Like a lake stirred up by a storm, lashed into whitecaps, my soul was tormented by flash of memories and the desperation of the final, tragic outcome. It was a long time before the tears stopped and I could see again. I blew my nose, looked one more time at the headstone, had the impression of closing the book, and walked away. I found Amanda in the chapel, reading the many inscriptions on the wall. She saw me, her eyes light and vibrant with sympathy. She took my arm and walked me back to her car.
In front of her office building, we parted; she offered her hand for an official shake to sever our connection. With a sad heart I climbed into my car and drove home.
This could have been another end to my story, but of course, it wasn’t.


Two months later I ran into Amanda in the grocery store. “Why Dr. Sommerfeld, what a pleasant surprise...” We exchanged a few words, and I enjoyed every minute of it but I did not try to keep her beyond what she felt comfortable with.
Three weeks later I met up with her in the Book Nook of the Central Library. I had a stack of books in my hand for one of my courses which I had resumed. “Fancy meeting you here...” and we talked again, just to be polite. After a discreet time she drew back and we parted; I didn’t press her to stay. I just stood there breathing the air she had shared. I couldn’t leave but roved the aisles looking for the book she had just returned. My senses vibrated as I sniffed the air. On the return cart I found a book pulling at me. To my surprise it was a romance. What was she doing filling her time with such lightweight fluff? Perhaps she was missing me...? The girl at the checkout gave me a surprised look when I took the book out, and at home savored the faint glow of her. I read, sensing her reactions to the text. I read that book, three times, from cover to cover.
On the next Thursday, I stumbled over her in the giant movie cinema that had opened recently in town. She was with a girlfriend, coming out of a movie. “Dr. Sommerfeld, again it’s a great pleasure to see you...” Politeness required an introduction. I was formally presented to Anita Lannar. Of course, politeness also required that we exchange a few pleasantries as new acquaintances, and I made the most of it, basking in the shine of Dr. Sommerfeld’s looks, just listening to her.

Then the most amazing series of coincidences occurred and I ran into her everywhere. Shopping, eating out, concerts, a tennis match and even at a bar. I never stood in her way, never tried to “trap” or corner her in any way, always leaving her a way out and letting her withdraw at will. And I went nowhere near her home or office. I didn’t want her thinking I was a stalker. But we kept running into each other.
I met Anita and her at the beach, standing in line for an ice-cream cone.
“Why Dr. Sommerfeld, how nice to see you...” Anita threw her friend a quick appraising look, then stared archly at me and pointedly walked away with a strange little smile on her face.
“Mr. Howard, I’m not a genius in math, but I mastered statistics, which now tells me that the frequency of our casual meetings can’t possibly be by chance. It’s almost as if you know where I will be at all times.”
“I most assuredly do not, but my subconscious always plays tricks on me.”
“You should see a psychologist. They deal with the subconscious all the time.” Her tone was unexpectedly light and bantering.
“Can you recommend a good one? I’ve been sadly neglected and need a lot of work.”
She laughed, the sound so liberated for her that I thought I misread it.
“I’m no longer practicing. Now I just do research and write self-help books.”
“Really??!” I was floored. I tried to calculate the time: we were in the eighth month of the two year banishment. But if she was no longer active, then what?
“Oh I’ll return to it in the future sometime, but for now I’ve decided to take an extended leave, to attend to personal matters.”
“Really?”
“Really.” She took my arm and said very invitingly, “Oh by the way, please call me Amanda.”

And that is the end of my story. But not quite. There is one more footnote to add. About three weeks after Amanda and I got together, my cell phone rang. I opened it and lifted it to my ear.
“Travis, is that you?” I instantly recognized the voice, having catalogued every nuance of it.
“Yes Maclure, it’s me.”
“Listen here, Son. I was wondering if you could help us some.”
“With what?”
“There was a murder in Westchester the other day, and we haven’t got a shred of evidence to help us.” There was a long pause. “We need someone... Well damn it! We need a paranormal with your abilities ...”

Well think of that?!!


The End of Case I


PS: Years later as I write these words, I had to shudder at how dumb I was about computers back then. Today, I would have been a lot quicker to find my ‘miracle’ that would have shortcut most of the unpleasantness. But I was not alone in my ignorance, the police ‘specialist’ who took apart my hard drive also never thought of looking in the transmission log. Since then the Westchester Police hired a real expert.
I, too, had to learn that ESP alone was not enough but had to mix in some of the modern extrasensory gizmos to survive in an increasingly complex world full of gadgets and requisite knowledge.



Case 2: Hidden From Sight


Travis learns more about his paranormal abilities, yet has trouble adjusting to them. He finds himself deeply involved helping the police in an investigation of a missing girl. He is again pushed to the limits, taking risks he shouldn’t.


Chapter 13

I suppose it was vanity in the end that made me call Maclure and agree to meet him at Easy-Breezy Coffee Shop across from the Westchester County Police Station, patronized mostly by police officers, firefighters and paramedics. An occasional stranger who wandered in likely found the atmosphere too macho to feel at ease among so many uniforms. I certainly did, but then I had a rather unpleasant history with the law.
I sat in the corner booth sipping hot coffee. I caught an occasional glance from the other patrons and knew that a few recognized me as a former guest of the county. I swallowed my disquiet and tried to appear at ease. I was glad when I recognized the broad shadow of Maclure darkening my recess.
“Travis! Good to see you.” The voice was glad and the hand he extended shook mine with warm enthusiasm. He slid into the seat opposite and his eyes flew over me, giving me that professional appraising look. I suppose he couldn’t help it—to him even friends looked suspicious. Probably, only his wife was immune from it, after years of being ignored; then I remembered that he was getting a divorce.
“How are you?” he asked, his eyes easing their scrutiny.
“Good,” I replied. “I’m back in college and will graduate after next semester.”
“Then what?”
“Then? Graduate school, I suppose.”
“What? In the paranormal? Who offers courses in that?”
“No—no. Visual arts.” I chuckled at his heavy-handed humor. From past experience I knew he wasn’t subtle. He tended to land on things heavily with both feet. “I would like to become a fine arts professor. Painting.” He looked a little skeptical. “Eventually,” I added. “Where is Smythe?”
“The lucky bastard got some time off—so he took his family to tour Arizona.”
“And you?”
He knew what I meant. “I’m arguing alimony and child support. We’re seeing the judge next week to finalize the thing.” I could see his temperature rising.
“So why am I here?” I had read about the murder of a woman in the Parkview Crescent subdivision but the details were so sketchy it made me suspect that a gag-order had been slapped on the media to keep particulars from the public. It had certainly sharpened my curiosity and I wondered if it was the case Maclure now wanted some help with.
He squared his shoulders, and I saw his eyes flicker back into professional mode. Furtively he glanced around and hunched himself closer across the table. I had the impression that he was about to divulge something confidential that he shouldn’t. We were far enough from the rest of the patrons that he didn’t have to lower his voice. “Two days ago in responding to a call from Parkview we found a woman murdered in her own home. She had been sexually assaulted both before and after she was killed.” His jaw worked furiously on a piece of gum. “It was sheer butchery. Blood and gore everywhere. In all my years I’ve never seen anything like it.” He looked sheepish as he admitted, “I had to go outside and throw up in the backyard.” Yes, that conveyed to me the full impact. “And Toma nearly went into hysterics.”
“Toma?”
“Yeah.” There was a trace of irritation in his tone. “She is temporarily assigned to me while Smythe is roaming around the countryside having fun. She is OK, but she isn’t my partner.” I guess it was hard for him to be facing two separations at the same time, one from his soon-to-be ex-wife, the other from his partner of many years.
“So?” I prompted him, trying to get back on track.
“The whole scene was a real horror show. The place was ransacked, so robbery was a likely motive, but then it exploded into carnage. Our forensics couldn’t handle it, so we had to get a crew in from the capital, but they too were badly shaken up.” He swallowed hard and I could see red climb into his face. “Us locals interviewed the neighbors and all the regulars with a criminal past in the area but nothing turned up. Forensics found no fingerprints: the murderer was obviously wearing gloves. No DNA, no semen because he was probably using a condom.” His face hardened. “He was especially brutal in assaulting her. We think he pushed the knife into her slowly, by degrees, to increase her thrashing and to heighten his pleasure. A really sadistic animal. But we didn’t find a single clue to his identity. No hairs or foreign fibers, nothing under her fingernails, just a couple of smeared footprints on the kitchen linoleum.” He shut his eyes and rubbed them tiredly. “I’ve not been able to sleep since.” Then he stiffened his back, determined to soldier on. “The neighbors heard and saw nothing. No strange cars in the area. Everything normal; nothing stood out.”
“The husband?”
“He was working at the time and we have time-stamped video evidence to confirm that. He’s under sedation in Methodist Memorial ever since.”
“What do you want me to do?”
“We need help. Beyond the normal.” He said this as if the admission pained him. I knew how hard he had resisted my claims of ESP in Jenny’s case. “I don’t know any psychics and would trust even fewer.” His eyes pierced me. “But I trust you. You saved Smythe’s and my ass. You have proven yourself.” Now that was a vote of confidence. My vanity got an extra pat on the back.
“Peter...” I paused; that was the first time I had used his given name. “May I call you Peter?”
“Pete,” he said generously.
“Well, Pete, it is true that I have some abilities but it might not be enough to help you and I’m not experienced enough using it. What I did was in my own defense...” He nodded, remembering. “I don’t know if it could work in someone else’s case. Anyway I have tried not using it since then. On my doctor’s advice.”
“Oh? And what does she think?”
“Amanda—”
“So it’s Amanda now?” Maclure asked, grinning.
“We’ve been seeing each other...” I began self-consciously with such pride in my voice that I had to blush.
“Isn’t that against the rules?”
“She suspended her practice so that we could have a relationship.” I was astonished again at this huge sacrifice on her part. “Actually, we’re living together now. And we’re very happy,” as if that could justify the breach of protocol.
His face fell. He was on the threshold of divorce; other people’s happiness filled him with guilt over the failure to maintain his relationship. Valiantly he pulled himself together. “Good for you. She is a very classy lady. But what does she think about you helping?”
“She doesn’t approve of it. Thinks that I have not entirely recovered from Jenny’s case.”
He nodded, then stared off to the side, looking through the window at the busy street. I needed no special intuition to know that he was back in the house on Parkview Crescent. His jaw was quivering with emotions. He hesitated before he said, “You know, compared to this guy, Max was a rank amateur.” Amateur? That kicked me in the stomach so hard that I nearly doubled up. Jenny! My poor Jenny! Her ravaged, tormented body jumped into my mind. I spilled the rest of my coffee and stared stupidly at the spreading stain.
“I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have said that.” Maclure reached over to put a hand on my shoulder. “But if you saw what I saw, you would understand.” We both sat there, silent, each of us struggling with the burdens of what we had seen. I had not thought of Jenny for three-four days. But she was always there just around the next thought. Amanda said it would take years for me to distance myself from the hurt, but lately, I had been congratulating myself on my improvement. Now this. I let out an explosive breath.
“I’m sorry, Kid,” Maclure said and I didn’t doubt his sincerity. “But I haven’t told you the worst yet.”
“The w... worst?” I stammered, steeling myself.
“The couple’s 15-year-old daughter is missing.” Missing?!
“Abducted?” I almost whispered.
“We think so. She has not been seen since.”
Suddenly the full horror of it fell on me. The young girl in the clutches of this butcher, someone who knew no mercy. Someone who knew only his own driving needs, who recognized no limits and felt no remorse. Another Jenny delivered up to evil. Another Max, hunting at will. I felt the decision being taken out of my hands; once again I had to do something.
“What is her name?” I asked as if gasping for air.
“Sarah.” The name congealed into flesh and blood and so personalized the tragedy that I couldn’t walk away from it. We sat there in silence. I was ripping napkins from the dispenser, trying to mop up the spilt coffee.
“Maclure!” someone called from the doorway. We both turned to see a solid-looking woman in uniform striding toward us. “What are you doing here on your day off?” Then she saw me, recognized me and that stopped her in her tracks. During my interrogations she had been observing behind the one-way mirror.
“Toma, meet Travis,” Maclure gestured toward me. “Travis meet Officer Toma Henricks, one of Westchester’s brightest.” We nodded to each other. I could see that her antenna was alert and receiving. She slipped in smoothly beside Maclure, who, with a trace of irritation, moved over to make room for her.
It was obviously time for me to go. “Well, Pete.” I stood up, again registering the question in her eyes, Pete? “Let me at least sleep on it.” We shook hands and I turned to go. Halfway to the door I heard her ask, “Now what was that all about?” The closing of the door cut off his answer.


Chapter 14

I couldn’t sleep. I tossed and turned so much that it woke Amanda up.
“What’s the matter?”
“It’s this Parkview thing,” I confessed. “It won’t let me sleep. A woman was murdered; the daughter was abducted; the husband is driven crazy with grief.”
She looked at me for a significant time, deciding. “Might as well get up. I’ll make us coffee. Then let’s talk this through.” The hall light outlined her lithe body through the frilly nightgown, and in spite of my concerns, I had a flash of desire for her. We had been living together only three months and lovemaking was a frequent activity. She was as hungry as I, even hungrier, because she had waited longer than I had.
I slipped into a bathrobe and followed her into the kitchen. The water was already boiling, and she served up two coffees. We took opposite chairs and looked at each other. Her eyebrows rose.
“All I know is that the family is going through absolute hell and someone needs to help,” I started.
“You’re right, Trav,” she said. “And someone will. But it doesn’t have to be you.”
“Why not me?” I jumped up and started striding up and down the kitchen.
“Because you still have not recovered from your... trauma. You need time to heal. Any involvement like this could set you back seriously.”
“I can’t just standby...”
“And that does you credit,” she said, her eyes sympathetic, exerting a hypnotic calm. “The world is full of need. You can’t make yourself responsible for all of it.”
“Her name is Sarah.” I thought of my sister.
“The girl?” She paused a moment to absorb the fact, but in the end shook it off. “There will always be a victim in need and only one of you. And one of me.” Of course, she was right. It was a dirty trick of fate to bring me into the crosshairs again. “How are we to find our life among all these needs?” She waited a bit, watching me chew my lips in conflict. “When you give so much of yourself, you take it from us. Do you want to give away our peace and happiness?”
“No, but we can’t just live for ourselves.”
“I agree. But fighting such evil will burn you and cost us who knows what? Are you ready to give us up?”
“Hell, NO!”
“Look, you’re not ready for this. You just got back on track after being derailed for a whole semester. Helping Maclure would sidetrack you again.”
I couldn’t argue with that. I was happy and on my way again. There were tests coming up. We were also organizing a debut showing of my paintings in a downtown gallery next week and time was pressing: frames had to be fixed, the pictures catalogued, a brochure printed. We were both excited by the upcoming event. I overheard Amanda twisting a few arms to promote the occasion. It was not a time to take on something else so big. I sat down again and sipped my now cold coffee. Still I was dissatisfied.
I looked at her across the table, at the worry wrinkles framing her mouth, at the concern reflected in her eyes. “Why are you not writing?” I asked abruptly.
“What?”
“You always wrote in jail,” I remarked and smiled sheepishly, letting go of my intent to help Maclure.
Her face relaxing in relief, she said simply, “This is not therapy and no report will be needed. I’m trying to help you make a crucial decision.” Then she considered again. “If you are sure that is what you need... must do, then do it. And I will support you a hundred percent. But do not take it on lightly and be stampeded into something you might well regret.”
“You’re right. There will always be a need out there. I can’t fight all the evil in the world. I don’t even know if I really have that level of ability,” I said with enough conviction in my voice to see her relax some more. I got up and walked over to her side, pressing a kiss on her forehead. Every time we got this close, a jolt of electricity passed between us as our auras touched. Initially, it had been disconcerting for both of us, but I had no control over it. It was as if two magnets were brought close enough that they could not be kept apart. It took an effort to pull away from her. “I’ll call Maclure in the morning and tell him sorry but no.” She nodded satisfied, if that is what I wanted.
Well, actually, after all that, I wanted something more. I had felt her temperature rise when we kissed. By mutual consent we adjourned the meeting to the bedroom.

*****

I felt better the rest of the day. I puttered around in my study, tidying my papers from last term. Afterwards I worked on the computer: answering my e-mail, adding to my blog, ordering art supplies on line. I even tried to toil on my latest effort, a still life of cut flowers in a vase by an aquarium. I wasn’t pleased with my progress. The inanimate didn’t speak to me the same way as live subjects. I was used to getting a psychic response from my models but everything in this composition was lifeless... except for the Siamese fighting fish that had taken over the entire tank, but he and I were not on the same wavelength. I stood back from the easel critically examining the painting. It looked good enough, the colors were OK, the proportions right and the arrangement was in balance but it had no meaning beyond its obvious appearance. Disgruntled, I wiped my brushes and put the palette away. It was no use flogging a near dead horse.
To catch up on the latest in the art word I surfed the Net, visiting galleries. I cursed as suddenly my screen went black—the laptop ran out of juice again. Why can’t they invent radioactive-powered batteries with a half-life of centuries? Thus I found myself trolling through Meadowside Mall, shopping for a new battery pack. This early in the afternoon the place was quiet with just a few shoppers prowling the gleaming concourse lined with boutiques. It was unexpected when I ran into Raffi as I had not seen him since my incarceration.
“Tra...viss...” Raffi stammered in surprise. I could sense his reactions flickering across his face. I recognized he was one of many who had believed I was guilty of Jenny’s murder, and in spite of all evidence to the contrary, still harbored the suspicion that I might have gotten away with it. We stared at each other in growing awkwardness. What could I say? That I was innocent? That I was instrumental in solving the case? I said nothing.
“Well, see you later,” he muttered, making a hasty retreat.
Sadly it was all too common a reaction, and I had given up on many former friends and acquaintances for the same reason. When I needed them, they had written me off, abandoned me, so now, I turned my back on them. I concentrated more on my future, Amanda and my studies.
Certainly ESP had its advantages. Now that I had some experience with it, I had learned to trust my sensitivity, to read people’s moods and veracity. Yet it was not all smooth sailing: I was not entirely reconciled to my newfound ability and often argued against the plausibility of it. Logically, scientifically it still made no sense. All the same, impressions intruded, giving me irritating jolts as I stumbled over another unexpected reaction from someone I knew. I tried not using it, but as soon as I relaxed my vigilance, something would flood in. As a result, quite a few times I felt unwelcome in my home town.
My parents encountered the same, remembering the suspicion and condemnation that confronted them throughout the dark days. They talked about moving somewhere else, but in the end stayed because of the garden and because Dad felt that the house had been finally improved just right for the two of them. But they, too, gave up on many of their friends and changed their habits to conform to the new reality.
The one area where ESP was a boon was with Amanda. I was always aware of her moods and could take corrective action when needed. On the whole she didn’t seem to mind that I had such easy access to her, though there were times when she felt I was encroaching on her right to keep thoughts and feelings to herself. But she also knew that I could not help myself.
It was thus a conflict of contrary impulses, because ESP also made me feel responsible for other people’s feelings, pulling at me, wanting and not wanting to help—as in this case, the murder and abduction in the suburb. It was a relief that with Amanda’s help, I had decided not to get involved.
I bought the battery in All-Electro-Warehouse, where the associate praised its long-lasting properties. “We’ll see,” I muttered to myself.
At home Amanda was on her laptop, and I had to wonder why her charge seemed to last longer than mine. Perhaps because she was not pounding on her keyboard as hard. I guess I was an all-or-nothing guy, challenging the extremes. Well, not this time, I had promised myself and Amanda.


Chapter 15

Next morning, I called Maclure and turned him down. He was disappointed, but I told him I was still not strong enough to take it on and I was not sure if I even had the ability to help.
“I don’t know how to explain it to you, Pete. Mostly I sense feelings and emotions. See an associated color spectrum. Jenny was a special case. I knew her almost better than anybody else and she knew me equally well. Perhaps she also had ESP. I don’t know. We had a special connection, and that powered all the details of the dream sequence. I don’t think it would work the same way with other people.”
“Well I’m sorry too. We certainly could use your help, a little or a lot. As it is, we have nothing. Some sick asshole is running around out there with a 15-year-old girl to play with.”
I bit my lips to keep from going back on my decision. “I’m sorry, Pete. I really am.” I felt guilty as hell but managed to get him off the line. Yet there was a sense of relief as well. I remembered how dirty I had felt after touching Max and certainly didn’t want to take that filth back to Amanda. She was the best thing that had happened to me and I did not want to risk our relationship.
I went to classes, talked with my parents, worked on my upcoming exhibition and went to bed satisfied, having achieved my goals for the day. Amanda snuggled up to me and nuzzled my neck. How could I not be happy?
Then why couldn’t I fall asleep? Why wouldn’t my conscience let me off the hook? I knew why, of course I knew. Somewhere out there was a 15-year-old girl, perhaps not even alive anymore, but I was doing nothing to help her. I rolled over, trying to turn my back on it all. But it was not so easy.
I lay rigid in bed, not wanting to thrash about and wake Amanda again. I tried to stay true to my promise to her but also to help in some manner. I squeezed my eyes shut and sharpened my focus, thinking I’d just have a look around. I tried to take a bearing as with Max, but in this case I had no target to aim at. I visualized throwing a stone into a pond and watching the ripples expanding across the surface. And just so—my consciousness extended and suddenly I found myself above pools of many hues that merged and fused into one another in a shimmering display. I had experienced this once before and overwhelmed, I had retreated from the encounter. This time I resisted the impulse to shut it off. I gritted my teeth and waited for things to unfold. Blues melted into black, shot through with pinpoints of bright orange and red. What was this? Where was I? There was nothing concrete to focus on, to hold unto. Incomprehensible though it was, it was not random; there was a definite sense of design, a sense of functionality. I tried to concentrate on the pattern. The flux quieted; the lines sharpened, and I was above it all. Unbelievably, like a bird, I was flying—that is, my awareness was soaring above this confusing array.
Disoriented by what could not be, I wavered between pushing on and returning to bed. The view flickered in and out of focus. Where the hell was I? It seemed familiar. The word was stuck on the tip of my tongue, just an inch beyond recall. Then the recognition burst on me that I was looking at the topography of the city, the darkened outlines of neighborhoods, subdivisions and districts, some of which I knew intimately, passing beneath me. I turned this way and that, and the landscape changed accordingly—just like in the flight simulation video game I was addicted to. I was flying above my home, my community. But … but this couldn’t be. Doubt flooded in and the matrix wavered, the lines and patterns dissolving. I was suddenly falling, in grip of vertigo.
Desperately I held on, told myself to trust the experience, have confidence. I was straining to keep things in place. Slowly the matrix steadied; the nervous flickering settled down. The lines emerged again, and I was looking down at my home town. It was sharper this time: my knowledge of the place overlaid the layout bringing it more into focus. There was my home, the low-rise apartments on either side, the park across and the neighborhood shopping just down the street. Everything was there: buildings, houses and backyards, a few with pools. I knew them all—though not from this perspective.
I was awestruck. I didn’t know ESP could do this. Rendered in shades of blues and blacks, the roadways and buildings were barely recognizable. It needed confidence to see them. There were flashes of colors that flared up then decayed quickly. What could they be? The answer popped into my head by intuition before logic could stifle it: these were discharges of emotional energy, occurring sometimes in isolation, sometimes combined to build pools of color that persisted much longer.
It was weird beyond description. Here I was flying but disbelief would build up and vertigo would wash through me and then the matrix would flicker in and out like an interrupted satellite signal on TV breaking up the picture. I would strive to hold things together until the field would settle down. Then, with a fresh burst of speed, I would soar again.
It was past midnight and most people were sleeping, their psychic emanations subdued. There were no sharp bursts to indicate strong surges of feelings. Occasionally I crossed a sudden spike and I knew—as I knew all such things, by intuition—that someone was having a nightmare.
My senses were overwhelmed as I struggled to order this new experience. In a way it was much like a bird’s-eye view of the city at night, lit up by the glow of electric lights, layered into different bands of color. The mental view was not as sharp or recognizable, but retained a definite impression of detail. The discharges of emotions seemed to be categorized by color: the more intense reflected in reds, the calmer in blues.
Aimlessly I flew about, not knowing what I was looking for. Some recognizable disturbance in this energy field? But in all that, how to identify Sarah? And her abductor? It was hard to hold the view constant as the colors changed, sharpened or suddenly diffused. Details often disappeared, absorbed into the background confusion. I was constantly searching for reference points. My high school for instance, I knew well, having invested many years within its confines. I circled the place, keeping it in the centre of an expanding circuit. I searched, but for what exactly?
With Max I had a target image to hunt but in the present case I had nothing but the barest of facts. Perhaps he too was sleeping now. Could he put away his toy and not compulsively torment her? What about her pain? Could I not feel a trace of that? But there was nothing other than a few random spikes in the echoes. Tired, I landed back in bed, back in my body. I was exhausted. Though it took no muscular effort to fly, I had to hold my concentration throughout, using up my strength. What the hell just happened? How to understand it and explain it? My intuition was telling me one thing, my mind another.
I last remembered the alarm clock’s orange numbers clicking over to 3:47a.m. On waking, I recalled looking for something in my dreams, not knowing exactly what. I had taken all the accumulated frustrations of the day into my sleep.
Slowly, my memory of the flight solidified. For a while I felt that the entire experience had to be a dream. Nothing else made any sense. But it had been so vivid... and it didn’t fade upon waking like a dream would.
“An out-of-body experience,” popped into my mind. Yes. That label somehow legitimized my flying about, seeing what I saw, intuiting what I sensed. With a proper category thus established, my mind could finally accept the possibility. However, not knowing how to further describe it, I said nothing to Amanda.
“Don’t forget to pick up the brochures from the printer,” Amanda reminded me, referring to my catalogue for the upcoming exhibition.
“OK.” I gulped down a second cup, trying to jolt myself fully awake.
“Are you all right? You look wrung out.”
“I didn’t sleep so well. Ms. Hastings from the gallery told me that the Clarion will send their art and theatre critic to review the showing.”
“Mr. Colter?” she whistled. “Well, that’s great. He’ll love it.”
“I wish I could be as certain of that as you are.” I hadn’t forgotten how quickly the Clarion had seized upon my guilt and how loudly it had called for retribution. In a sour mood, I went out the door. I had trouble concentrating on the morning lecture and my notes were full of drawings and short on text. It was in my two-hour live art class that the painting of a nude I had been working on suddenly transformed into something entirely different.
“Well Mr. Howard, that’s an interesting interpretation.” The way the studio assistant stressed “interesting,” I knew that he didn’t approve. “Care to explain that? Why so many sharp yellows and so out of focus. And why all the explosion of red here?”
I looked at the model and the figure on my canvas. There was no resemblance. “The sharp yellows define the points of attack, the focus is representative of the great unknown we get lost in, and the red is the aggression we’re surrounded by.”
“But we have no aggression here,” the assistant pointed out needlessly.
Suddenly I knew who the figure was, and it was not the model. “The yellows are the slings and arrows, the darkness is the devil and the red is the torment of hell.” My subconscious had been trying to communicate with me the whole time. For a guy with ESP, I was blind as a bat at times. I quietly wiped off my brushes and stuck them in a jar of turpentine. I collected my backpack and left without a further word, ignoring the surprised looks from my classmates.
For a while I walked about aimlessly, just thinking, arguing with myself. I wandered off campus and eventually stopped in front of a building. I was not overly surprised when it turned out to be the Westchester County Police Station. I walked in and took the stairs to the second floor, feeling strange to walk around in the place without handcuffs. I entered through a door marked “Homicide” and found Maclure behind his desk going through a stack of papers. He looked up and motioned me to the chair opposite.
“I’ve been expecting you.”
“Now you have ESP?”
“No. But I suspected your conscience would get to you.”
“Look I don’t know if I can help but the thing won’t let me sleep.”
“Yes, I know how you feel.” There were circles under his eyes. He tapped a thick folder spread across his desk. “We have a lot of bits and pieces that all add up to nothing.” He picked up a sheet and read, “There were forty-two stab wounds in the chest, stomach and the fleshy part of the thighs, none fatal, none more than half an inch deep.” He looked up and made a face. “From that we can surmise the bastard wanted to hurt her to make her writhe all the more. She was slowly bleeding to death and he relished the slowness. You understand that?”
I just shook my head, my face a tight mask.
“We are dealing with a sadistic sicko who has no human feelings in him. He was drawing out her pain, enjoying every minute of it.” He cast the sheet back on the pile. “He raped her three, four times. He climaxed in the midst of her death throes; his hands were locked around her throat, timing it.” I felt sick to my stomach and had I eaten my lunch it might have ended up in the wastebasket.
But Maclure was not done yet. “Listen to this. This is from the FBI. Given the urgency of a kidnap victim, possibly still alive, they generated a profile very quickly for us. Aside from all the physical pain the perpetrator inflicted on the victim, he no doubt let her know in exact detail what he intended to do to her daughter. It is highly probable that he coerced her cooperation, at least until the pain wore her down, by making a bogus deal regarding the daughter and then reneging on it.” Maclure looked up, his eyes blazing, “See what a sick fuck we have on line here?”
I was slowly being suffocated by the details. I could almost visualize it. “Show me something.”
“What?” he asked surprised.
“Anything. That was the victim’s.”
“You can’t touch anything that is in the evidence locker. You would contaminate it.” He tapped his teeth with a pen, thinking hard. “But I can show you something all right.” He sprang to his feet. “Leave your stuff and come with me.”
I found myself in the car, being driven down Sherry Street and along Mansfield. At Worster he pulled in front of a large complex of solid gray stone in the style of many municipal buildings from the last century. “The County Medical,” Maclure explained, “housing the Coroner’s Office and the City Morgue in the basement. I don’t know how the hell they rate a better facility than our police department.” He led me through the massive main doors, down a stairway and then along a turquoise-blue corridor. The air was noticeably cooler and heavy with the sting of disinfectants. Maclure pushed through several swing doors then through another before I could read the sign on it. We were inside a long vestibule with multi-layered lockers extending along both sides. I recognized the place from all the crime shows—how could I not—the morgue. There were cadavers stored behind the meticulously polished steel doors. The sickly sweet whiff of formaldehyde mixed in with other unpleasant smells. A man in green hurried to cut us off. “What do you want, Maclure?”
“Stay here,” Maclure instructed me, then his forward momentum carried the man and him twenty paces further. It was obvious that they were arguing. The man in green repeatedly shook his head and threw troubled looks in my direction. Maclure finally waved me over.
“God damn you Maclure, if we are caught it will be your fault.” He tugged a key from his pocket, slapped it into Maclure’s hand. “I’ll have nothing more to do with this. I’ll be outside keeping a lookout.” He almost ran out of the room, but before the door shut behind him he called back, “Try number 28.”
Maclure found locker 28, fumbled with the unfamiliar lock, finally clicking it open. Before he looked inside, he took two pairs of rubber gloves from a parked gurney and passed a pair to me.
“What’s this for?” I asked stupidly, as if I didn’t know. They always wore gloves around dead bodies in the morgue; how many times had I seen that? But watching it on TV and being confronted with it in real life were two very different things. I fumbled with the gloves, trying to smooth them over my fingers.
Maclure threw me a glance, got set to swing open the door, then hesitated. “Have you ever seen a dead body before?”
I shook my head, not trusting my voice, but then I realized I had. “Max, remember?”
He frowned. “Max was a clean hit. Three small bullet holes only. A 38 slug in the chest, two in the stomach. This here is an abused body, full of cuts and bruises, swollen and hardly recognizable.” He grabbed a stainless steel kidney-shaped tray from a shelf and pressed it into my hand. “If you need to throw up, use this.” He swept me with another sharp look, and I nodded weakly. I could feel the paleness of my face. I held my breath.
The door opened. Maclure threw me one more searching glance, reached inside and pulled out a sliding metal tray with a body covered by a green sheet. I had expected it to be white. I sucked some air into my lungs.
“Ready, Kid?” Maclure slowly folded the sheet back just enough so I could see the face. But it was not a face anymore. Though it had been cleaned, it looked dirty with bruises, misshapen by swelling. The neck was collapsed, the windpipe crushed. The milky white eyes stared fixedly up at the ceiling. I clutched the pail, determined I was not going to vomit until later. Slowly he uncovered more of her and I saw the dark reddish-brown edges of the stab wounds. I gagged but swallowed it, the bile burning my throat. Unmercifully Maclure revealed her inch by inch. The stomach was distended, full of cuts. Her crotch was an unrecognizable pulp, the legs two blackened appendages, swollen beyond recognition. On the whole body there was only one white spot left untouched, near the left shoulder. My eyes desperately found refuge there, but I forced myself not to turn away. If I had to confront his evil then I had to bear witness to his depraved deeds. There was a deep Y carved from each shoulder over to the breast bone and down almost to the pelvis. It was sewn up with rough stitches, and I knew that was from the autopsy.
“Seen enough?” Maclure asked woodenly and I knew he was trying hard to keep it together. He pulled the sheet over her and let out his breath. That was when I started retching, bent over double, clamped onto the bowl, filling it up, spasm after spasm racking me. Maclure grabbed me before I could sag to the floor.
“It’s OK, Kid, go ahead.”
It took three minutes before I could straighten up. I was weak as a kitten (shit, I hated that phrase, but in this case it was true).
“Are you OK now?” I nodded. Maclure let go of me and reached to slide the shelf back and close the door.
“Wait,” I croaked. There was one more thing I had to do, but I had to prepare myself.  Puzzled he looked at me. “Wait.” I tried to force some energy into my voice. For two minutes I breathed in the close, sweet-sour saturated stink, stepped forward, and locked both my hands around her head. Pain ripped through me, burning along my nerves, contracting all my muscles. I could feel my joints creaking from the strain. I could feel the progress up my arms meeting at my backbone then exploding through to my brain. It was instantaneous, but somehow also in slow-motion, and I had ample time to fear and steel myself for the repercussions. All the lights went on in every color, my ears filled with thunder across all frequencies, and all the sensors in my body fired simultaneously. And my stupid brain did not know enough to turn off the volume. I screamed and collapsed onto the floor. The second concussion wave hit, the rebound, reversing the route, from the brain to the extremities, only to thunder through again. After a third such cycle, I thankfully passed out.
When I came to, Maclure’s anxious face swam in my vision. Beside him was the man in green.
“Fuck, Maclure, he’ll sue us!”
“Shut up!” Maclure growled then his voice gentled. “Are you OK, Travis?”
“Not really. But let’s get out of here.”
“I’m with you on that.” Maclure helped me to my feet and assisted me out the door, up the stairs, outside into the public air where it smelled fresh again. I was barely aware of my feet and surroundings, vaguely conscious that I was in the car, and I recognized Amanda’s place as we pulled up to it.
“We’re home now.” Maclure helped me to the door, knocked, still supporting me with one arm. Amanda opened the door, and I heard her sudden intake of breath.
“What’s the matter?” I asked.
“You are,” she said, then turned to Maclure. “What happened?”
I could tell that Maclure was afraid to answer, so I stammered out, “We went to the morgue...”
“Oh my God! Have you lost your mind? You promised.” Then she turned on Maclure accusingly. “How could you? You know he’s sensitive.”
“I’m really sorry Dr. Sommerfeld...”
“Oh, never mind the apologies, help me get him inside.” They dragged me into the living room, propped me up on the couch. Amanda ran to the Chinese liqueur cabinet, poured out a brandy and pressed it into my hand. The liquid scalded its way down my throat, but after the experience in the morgue it hardly felt like anything. It took half a glass before I started feeling the warmth spread through my core.
“What were you thinking? You promised me you wouldn’t.”
“It won’t let me sleep.”
I was slumped on the sofa, Amanda beside me. Maclure sank into the easy chair, pulling in his neck, afraid to invite any more of Amanda’s anger. But lucky for him, she was too busy worrying about me.
“Well I suppose there is no way around it,” she said with resignation. “Now we are in for it.”
“We?” My voice was cracking.
“Yes, we. I said I would support you if that was the way you decided.”
Love flashed through me. Yes, that is the woman I want to spend the rest of my life with. After that I recovered my strength quickly.
“Amanda, I touched evil. No—not evil itself. The work of evil. I felt her pain. It was like taking the full brunt of an electric shock, like in winter when the static builds up and then unloads, but a thousand times worse.” I looked from one to the other. “It has to be stamped out. He is a vampire, feeding on his victims’ pain and debasement! He has to be destroyed. His seed rooted and stamped out.” I was getting more and more agitated, Old Testament biblical. But exhaustion was also setting in fast. Amanda dragged me into the bedroom, and pushed me into bed. She took my shoes off, tucked me in a soft duvet and promised, “I’ll be right back.”
She probably was, for unlike me she was scrupulous about keeping her word. But I never found out because as soon as she left, I was asleep.


Chapter 16

I woke with the smell of the morgue in my nose. I struggled feebly, found Amanda’s arms around me and relaxed. Gently so as not to wake her, I unwrapped myself from her embrace. Cautiously I rolled off the bed, made my way to the bathroom to relieve myself and then to wash my face in the cool flow of the washbasin. My cheeks felt sweaty and my hair was plastered down. I went to the kitchen, poured myself a glass of iced tea. Feeling more composed, I sat down at the kitchen table and cradled my head in my hands.
The stove clock showed 4:20 in the morning. I remembered 6:10 last night and realized that I had slept a solid 10 hours. I still felt exhausted, weighed down by lethargy. What had happened yesterday? I knew of course, but I was not in a hurry to look at it in detail. My head ached, a dull throbbing inside my skull. I lifted the tea, holding the cool glass against my temple, trying to find comfort. Slowly the pulsing subsided.
I took a deep breath, then dove into yesterday, trying to figure out the experience. When I had clasped her head, it felt like a lightning strike, though I knew it couldn’t have been that. It was my confused brain trying to interpret an event that it had never been trained to. It had no ability to distil the experience into distinct sensory recognition at appropriate intensity levels. Faced with the unknown, the brain panicked, and pretty near killed my body by energizing every neural circuit at once at maximum volume. It is a wonder that my heart didn’t seize up and my spasming muscles didn’t tear my joints apart. I remembered having difficulty breathing and that my body didn’t obey me afterwards. Maclure had to drag me to the car. I wondered what people thought, seeing the two of us stagger past them.
There had been a transfer, but of what? The brain had no vocabulary to tell me, or even to organize the event into something coherent as it tried to cope with the onslaught. Once it contained the experience, it shoved it into an unused recess, waiting for me to deal or not deal with it. If I wanted to really find out the content then I’d have to unwrap that cocoon and study it in detail. But could I do so safely? That was what I didn’t know. Nor was I eager to find out. No—I wanted to but I was also afraid of releasing that tremendous backlash of pain. What if this time I’d suffer that fatal heart attack? How much punishment could my body take?
For another hour I circled the event, trying to come to grips with it. I needed the information, but my mind still refused out of fear of being hurt again. I fed myself inducements—how the case had to be solved, the evil destroyed, the rewards of victory and so on—but it rebounded from the wall of fear that had protectively sealed off the memory. My mind would not let me in. I needed an emotional battering ram. I searched through the case, looking for one.
I knew that Maclure had told me the people’s names, but now I couldn’t remember them. Only Sarah remained accessible. Was my brain trying to erase all footprints to hide the trail? But who was in control, my mind or me? I commanded my mind to obey, but it refused, throwing up concentric barriers of rationalization and fear. I was not getting through.
I tried a different approach. I started marshalling all the grisly details of the mother’s murder, leaving nothing out. The killer’s callous enjoyment of his victim’s suffering, the slow lingering persecution, the physical and psychological torture, the gore-splattered walls, the blood-soaked carpet and the smeared kitchen floor. I kept Sarah for last, held captive, forced to comply with every whim of this monster. And that build up of moral indignation probably did it, for my brain finally capitulated. It was now me, the super ego, holding me back. I strode up and down the kitchen trying to work up enough courage to start. But first I made a fresh pot of coffee.

Around 7:30 Amanda walked into the kitchen, her eyes still sleepy, hair tousled. She poured herself a cup, sat down at the table and squared up with me. I could feel another contest of wills coming on. But she surprised me.
“Trav, this is really dangerous. You came home a mess last evening. I bet you can’t even remember how Maclure and I stuck you into bed.” I just nodded, I didn’t. “We both know you are sensitive, but we still don’t know much about how the process operates. We don’t know if you can even protect yourself adequately. We have no idea of the risks, don’t even know if the information you come up with is worth it in the end. There are just too many unknowns.” I knew how her scientific mind operated. Isolate one variable, one by one, manipulate the rest to evaluate the effect, all in a controlled framework. In my case, I had no such luxury, neither the time nor a controlled setting. All the balls were bouncing at once, and it was up to me to juggle every one of them.
She didn’t try to dissuade me, but was full of misgivings. Finally I just said, “Time is running out for Sarah. I need to work on this now.”
“How can I help?”
“I’ll ask Maclure to provide you with a synopsis of pertinent facts and see what you can make of the perpetrator’s character.”
“The FBI...”
“Yes, I know the FBI. They work with statistical probabilities which are useless for my purposes. What I need is an emotional stratification that I can correlate with my color-coded perceptions.”
“What does that mean exactly?”
“I don’t know exactly,” I said, frustrated that we didn’t have a common language. “Perhaps his reactivity to certain stressors? The onset, the fluctuation of his reactions. Is there only one dimension or several? Do they reinforce each other or are they at odds? He must be subject to contrary impulses. The bastard...”
“Can we call him something else other than bastard?”
“Sure, how about Tex?” She raised an eyebrow and I added, “Short for Texas Chainsaw Massacre.”
“Tex will do.” But I could sense she didn’t like it.
“OK, you start with the layout. You know, define criteria, way points, aims and goals. Some sort of decision chart. A road map. Anything... I will go see Maclure to dig up more detail.” I still didn’t tell her about my “flying.” It seemed much too unbelievable even to me, and I didn’t want her questioning my sanity right now. There was a good chance that the whole thing had only been a dream. Leaving the body and flying about? How preposterous was that?
There was no question of going to class today: I couldn’t have concentrated anyway. The clock was ticking, and already we were on borrowed time.

Maclure was bent over his desk, his ashtray was full, and there were three cups of coffee in front of him. He had come in early to get a jump on the day. He looked up and on seeing me, gave a grim smile. He pushed the stack of papers away and waited for me to sit down.
“Anything new?” I asked.
“Nothing.” He looked pointedly at me. “You know, Travis. I was so sure you were guilty when Smythe and I were trying to break you down. I was 100 percent certain it was you. I couldn’t see past Jennifer’s abused body. I was blinded by it.” He paused as he weighed his words, his experience. “I’m glad how it turned out and that I had to eat my own words. But I think it made me a better cop, looking harder, deeper at things, less cocksure about my hunches. I’m more attuned to the consistency of evidence, and of course, more wary of discrepancies that I’d previously suppressed if they didn’t fit.” He sighed, lifted his heavy frame out of the chair and headed over to the coffee stand to pour himself another cup.
“Oh, by the way, Smythe is due back next week,” he declared with a definite, pleased tone in his voice. “Then you’ll see us make progress on the case.”
I wanted to scream that Sarah didn’t have the time to wait for anyone, but only said, “It’ll be good to see him again.” Yes, nothing like the barrel of a gun looking down at us to make the three of us friends for life. Somehow it obliged us to feel responsible for each other.
Maclure dug into the file, talking to himself. “There’s still no sign of any stranger in the neighborhood. No strange cars, no unconfirmed deliveries. Either the man is local or he parked in the plaza on Duster and walked the rest of the way. But then wouldn’t someone have seen him? Late afternoon, people are working in their gardens, watering their lawns; kids are just home from school playing in the backyards and in the street. That he could pass through unnoticed is therefore highly unlikely, unless... unless he belongs and thus arouses no suspicion. We have a whole crew of officers trying to find out just who exactly was on the street that afternoon. This has high priority now and more man hours are thrown at it.”
“If you considered how driven this guy is, he has to have done this before.” I was also thinking of Max. “Yet I assume you have nothing similar in your records to link it up with. That makes a stranger a more likely candidate,” I reasoned, swiveling in the chair from side to side to bleed off my restlessness.
“Nothing in the state. Nothing out of it.” Maclure’s voice was edged with frustration. “But you have to be right. The whole was carefully executed to leave us no clues. And too bloody brutal. In the case conference someone dubbed him the Ghost but that won’t stick.”
“Amanda and I started calling him Tex, for, you know, Texas Chainsaw Massacre.” He nodded, that sounded more like it. “Look, Pete. I have no sense of this guy. I’m not picking anything up on him.”
“I had great hopes. Then what’s next?”
“Let me go through the file. Perhaps something will tweak my antenna.” He pushed the entire stack over to me.
For two hours I pored over the papers, making notes. The couple was Steven and Frances Decharme, originally from the New Orleans area. They had the one daughter, Sarah, who was known as a good kid, though somewhat naive. The father worked at a large pharmaceutical company and earned enough so his wife could stay home volunteering her time for good causes. They lived within their means, drove around in a four year old car and didn’t try to keep up with the Joneses, who, by the way, were one of their neighbors to the south. They attended church casually, once or twice a month. They had friends but no known enemies.
Actually, more was known about Sarah. She was gregarious and popular in her sophomore year in high school. Her best friend Tara, however, reported that in the last seven months or so, Sarah had given up dating, because “all the boys ever wanted was sex, sex and more sex, without even the pretence of a relationship.”
I read on, one statement after another in which her classmates described her in various lights. Some good, a few less so, but there seemed to be no serious social problems in school. Her teachers found her an indifferent student who did just enough to get by. For summers she worked as a part-time cashier at the local grocery store. She liked books and movies which filled her head with romantic ideas that often brought her into conflict with the more hard-edged real world. For that she was considered out of step with modern trends: she lacked street-smarts.
There were innumerable reports and pictures of the damage done to the home, some before and some after the crime scene cleanup. An older tube TV lay broken on the floor, the VCR smashed, but there was no DVD player. All the drawers were dumped on the floor, bookcases overturned, the mattresses slashed, sheets and covers shredded. Pillows were cut open, the feathers settling everywhere. Pictures were tossed onto the floor; the long wall mirror was smashed. Upstairs, clothes were flung about and a can of red paint sloshed over the piles, ruining them. It seemed no part of the house was spared. In the bathroom, tiles were ripped from the walls, long ribbons of toilet paper were scattered everywhere. The curtains were the only things left intact.
“He didn’t want anyone to notice anything from the outside,” Maclure said when I showed him pictures of the undisturbed curtains.
“Who discovered the...”
“One of Sarah’s friends came over, ostensibly to study, but probably to talk chick-flicks and music. She knew where the key for the backdoor was kept and wasn’t shy to use it. Soon as she saw the shambles she ran to the neighbor, who called us right away.”
“If Tex took Sarah with him, then he must have had a car,” I mused. “Maybe in the back alley.”
“You’d think so but we found no trace of one.” Maclure slapped his thigh in disgust.
“Take me to the house,” I said, tidying up the paperwork. Maclure frowned, knowing it was against the rules, but this had been his idea from the start so he nodded glumly.
As we passed by the station’s day room a voice hailed us, “Hey Maclure, hold up.” It was Toma getting up from a table to join us. Maclure muttered something under his breath. “You weren’t trying to sneak out again without me? The Chief assigned me to you and until Smythe gets back, we are joined at the hip. Understand, partner? Or should I ask the Chief to clarify how he wants it?” Maclure muttered even more darkly.
“I’m going to check out the house again.” Maclure took large strides down the outer steps. Toma had to run to keep up.
“With a civilian?” Toma asked, the disapproval evident in her voice.
“Look here.” Maclure turned on her. “I asked Travis to come along to help with the investigation.”
“Help?”
“He has special talents,” Maclure fired back. “But if you keep second guessing me, then by all means go back to the Chief and make your case. If you stay with me, then watch and observe, but stay the hell out of our way.” By the end Maclure was breathing hard and I could appreciate why his wife had left him.
“OK. OK.” Toma backed down a little. “I’m just trying to do the job I was assigned to.”
The three of us piled into Maclure’s car and he drove aggressively through the downtown to the suburban heights, pulling into the driveway of 62 Parkview Crescent. There were still shreds of yellow police tape, but the house was now open. The garden was neat, the bushes trimmed. Freshly painted steps led up to the house. Maclure fished a key from his pocket and opened the door.
Inside, I was assaulted by the harsh smell of chemicals.
“Sheesh.” Maclure wrinkled his nose. “A professional has been at this.”
“A professional?”
“Yes. Even in a small community like ours there are opportunities for crime scene cleanup services to clear and decontaminate infected premises. You know, scrub blood, scrape gore and kill germs.”
I looked with distaste at the bleached areas of the rug. I walked through the first floor layout. The living, dining and family rooms were practically empty, denuded of content. All the upholstered furniture had been slashed and had to be carted off by the cleanup crew. Only the lighter color of the rug testified where the sectional sofa had once been. The coffee table was chipped; the TV stand survived, but not the electronic components; an octopus tangle of wires was the only evidence of them. There were no freestanding lamps, no pictures on the wall. The curio cabinet was damaged too, missing glass panes and only a few items survived on the shelves.
Toma came into the room, concentrated on the curio cabinet and straightened the few objects left. “At one time this was a home—but not anymore,” she commented in a sad tone. I had to agree, no one will be coming back here. The husband was still in hospital—under suicide watch.
I stood in the family room surveying the remains of middle America; middle-aged, mid-income, middle-class. Someday I will be middle-class too, I thought, or do I have higher aspirations? Well, if I didn’t, Amanda certainly did.
The kitchen alone looked normal. The drawers had been reinserted, the scattered contents put back in place. I knew from the photographs on file how bad the upheaval had been.
Upstairs were the bedrooms, bathroom and an extra study. Nothing was left of the master bedroom. Even the telephone jack had been ripped from the wall.
Sarah’s room was hardly touched and retained a young girl flavor. Fashion posters, pictures of teen idols smiled from the walls. The small vanity table was cluttered with makeup and other cosmetic items. The closet still held her clothes. Even the bed was in one piece. The small study desk had her homework spread out on it.
The extra room had been used mostly for storage and ironing and was crammed full of suitcases and plastic storage bins. It also seemed to have survived the whirlwind of destruction.
I had been holding myself in, not daring to put feelers out, remembering how utterly overpowering the onslaught in the morgue had been. Now walking around in the house, I strained to keep emanations from breaking in, but the effort was wearing me down and I was slowly getting a mental cramp.
In the living room I had crossed through the epicenter of the disturbance. That was where he—Tex—had cornered Frances Decharme, tied her up and went looking for the daughter. That much I had sensed even thought I had my intuition turned off. I was not ready yet to confront whatever there was to find here. I needed more protection.
I returned to Sarah’s room, peeked into the dresser, went through her desk. There was a drawerful of old birthday cards, with cute pictures of rabbits and cats. A box of snapshots, showing a smiling, happy family. Sarah missing a few baby teeth, with sun-etched freckles, in a Halloween costume, with braces, on rolling skates, in the garden, on the Ferris Wheel. Then a very serious one in a party dress, perhaps waiting for her first formal date. Half a dozen in a softball team uniform, smiling into the camera. There was a more recent one on the beach, Sarah proud of her two piece bikini. I had to whistle; she was a good looking girl, swiftly budding into womanhood.
Pasted in a thick book under plastic protectors were many different pressed flowers. Well, for heaven’s sake, who did that still? A stack of teen magazines, a few self-help books, a few on good manners. A dictionary and an organizer. Leafing through the dates, I found nothing suspicious. Just notes on everyday activities. Record of small, daily expenses: for snacks, notions and toiletries.
I poked through the closet, checking her outfits, sorting through the footwear. I went through the dresser again, examining each item.
“Toma!” I called downstairs. Toma came with Maclure close behind her.
“What’s up?” she asked, sucking on a breath freshener.
“Could you look through her wardrobe and tell me what you think?”
“Wardrobe?” she asked, and I too was struck by the old-fashioned word I had used. Toma slid the hangers around scanning each outfit. “Nothing special. Not expensive, but not the cheapest either.” I pointed to the dresser and her attention turned to it, going through each drawer. She slid the last shut, and cocked an eyebrow at me. “So? Young stuff for a young girl.”
I strode to the dresser and pulled a pair of panties from among the collection. It was a simple cotton piece, embroidered with tiny strawberries.
“Aren’t you a little too young to be a dirty old man already?” Toma asked with a peculiar inflection.
I frowned, pulled out another pair. A frilly bikini brief with high cut sides, made of a shiny, translucent material—a sexy thing. I held the two aloft, side by side.
“Now that you point it out,” Toma dived into the dresser, “our little girl was suddenly growing up.” She selected a training bra and then something lacy, for our comparison. Then she piled unopened stockings on the bed. “Real silk,” she whistled. She re-examined the closet and threw a few items on the bed. Very short, clingy stuff, ones you wouldn’t want your daughter to wear—too provocative. “I think our little flower discovered that she was beautiful and...” she frowned. “Fairly recently.”
“Recently?” Maclure inquired.
“That stuff is so this season.” She pointed to the dresses. “The very same stuff my daughter wears and her friends. A little showy and a little too daring. Experimenting with coming of age stuff.” Yes, as I had started to suspect, the girl had been transforming. The butterfly was emerging from the cocoon. It was good to have Toma confirm that.
Maclure peered at me fixedly from under the bushy eyebrows. “Anything?” I simply shook my head, not wanting to confess that I was too chicken-shit to sniff the air.
“You guys have a thing going between you?” Toma sounded suspicious.
“He has... some special... sensitivities,” Maclure muttered.
“Like what, voodoo stuff?” she said, making a comical, scary face. Maclure just frowned, leaving Toma to look from him to me.
“I feel things,” I said equally reluctantly. “That is why I’m here.” She just stared at me.
“Are we done yet?” Maclure asked me, and again I shook my head. I went into the bathroom, splashed cold water on my face and looked at my image in the mirror, challenging myself. “Sooner or later, you know you have to do it... Come on you pussy, do it!” I blinked with my inner eye, opening and closing a door with the same motion. Like lightning, impressions flashed through me, jumbled up and confused. A flicker of everyday normalcy overlaid with terror. A mix of emotions without images. I blinked again, trying to hold onto the pulse as it accelerated through my brain. Again, the ordinary flow was suddenly cut by ferocity. I felt someone coming up the stairs, and was horribly afraid. I threw myself into the corner, seeking safety in the intersection of the walls, making myself small, wishing to disappear. I was blubbering. I felt the door open, the threat enter, a shadow in the door... reaching for me.
“Are you all right?” Maclure was shaking me, trying to lift me to my feet.
“Man, this is some crazy shit...” Toma was muttering, helping Maclure to pick me up.
“Yeah. I’m all right.” But I wasn’t. My knees shook and sweat flushed my face and drenched my armpits.
“He had a vision,” Maclure whispered to Toma. “What did you see?”
“Felt,” I corrected. “Sarah’s fear. When he came to get her.” They waited expectantly, but I had no more. Not yet. With unsteady steps, I went downstairs. I squinted hard at the place, trying to hold the memory fixed in my mind so I could find it later. “Take me home.”
Maclure opened and closed his mouth, swallowing his protest. I must have looked awful to scare him off like that. I knew what he wanted to say, that Sarah was running out of time and we must keep pushing. Instead, we climbed into the car and he started driving me home. I was hyperventilating in the back, trying to calm myself, trying to calculate if we had any time left. Toma just looked baffled, but to her credit she kept her silence.
Abruptly changing my mind, I said, “Drive to the station.” The car obediently made a U-turn up Front Street. I was trying to separate the strands of emotions, compartmentalizing them into his, the mother’s and Sarah’s. All from a single pulse. There had been a temptation to take a longer look but the backlash would have been annihilating. No, no. Safer to take small samples and dissect them a bit at a time, defuse them.
In the squad room, I asked for the photographs. I sorted them, room by room, then arranged each set from the perspective of standing at the door, methodically looking around. It was often hard to decide what was represented by the unordered mix of things.
“Do we know if he took anything?” I finally asked.
“The place was a mess, everything totally trashed, so it wasn’t obvious what could be missing.  It was impossible to inventory the chaos,” Maclure said looking through the reports trying to come up with a list. Yet something was missing—I was sure of it. I was convinced that the confusion was created to hide the item or items taken—but what?
“Did you find her cell phone?”
“Sarah’s? The mom didn’t have any.” Maclure checked his list. “No, we didn’t. But we have her call record, giving us nothing. Just a circle of friends calling each other.”
“Well, what is the police theory?”
“Don’t really have one. We came to a few conclusions. One, it was not a break-in, not a robbery gone awry. The violence was too methodical... too complete. Two, it was targeted, premeditated. He knew the schedule of the household, when Sarah came home, when her father was expected back.” Maclure chewed on his lips. “Yes. He seemed to know everything. He raped and killed the mother, but in retrospect, it seems clear that he intended to abduct Sarah all along.”
“That means Tex was familiar with the family, so we must look among the circle that knew them.”
“We have. We interviewed everybody. We’ve been able to rule other family members out, and most friends and acquaintances as well.” Maclure seemed to be whipping himself into a fresh surge of frustration. “We’ve checked out hundreds of alibis and found nothing incriminating. Hell, we even checked out yours. Hard to think that somebody they knew would do something so totally horrible...”
I closed my eyes, rubbing them. I plumbed my feelings to taste the few seconds I had allowed myself to look inside their lives. “Yet, it was a predator... stalking them with intent.” I stacked the photographs and tucked them back into the file. I closed the cover and the three of us looked questioningly at each other: what next? Yes, now what?
“I’m going home,” I finally said. “Run all this past Amanda and see what she thinks.”
We then decided that Maclure and Toma would interview Sarah’s friends to try to find what could have been taken from the house.
I found Amanda working on an article for a psychology periodical, but she put it aside as soon as I came in, eager to catch up. She listened to me without interruption, but made notes on a sheet. As soon as I saw her scribble something down, I went into overdrive to elaborate that segment.
“The police agree that it was not a random act of violence, not a break-in gone bad and I felt the presence of a real predator who had carefully worked out the details. What do you think so far?”
“I would have to agree that the whole purpose was to kidnap the daughter. The rest was just to confuse the trail. Window dressing to distract.”
“How did you come to that conclusion?” I wanted to see what convergence we had in our thinking.
“Fact: the destruction seems too complete for a simple break-in. Fact: in the age of plastic money, what valuables are kept at home anymore? A few items of jewellery perhaps, an expensive watch. No, in most modern homes the money is in the appliances, the entertainment systems, TV’s, DVD’s, the computer and CD collections. At the Decharme’s income level, there are no expensive collections of anything worth taking. No, it was not a robbery gone sour.” Amanda looked inward, searching for something. “The injuries to Frances show the total disregard of another human being. A colossal callousness. Tex took his time and destroyed her with drawn-out enjoyment of her agony. I fear we are dealing with the worst sort of psychopath, without any feelings for others, who shows a marked predilection for torturing his victims with no control over his urges.” Her brows furrowed as she characterized Tex’s attributes. “He does this because he feels entitled: it is his right to take pleasure where he will. Sometimes it’s rage that drives him, but most often it’s self-absorption. He can only feel for himself. Only what he wants matters. In fact he feels so little otherwise that he has to keep increasing the intensity to maximum. He has to inflict more and more pain to reach a satisfactory level of arousal. He has become an extreme sadist in the process.”
“How can we catch a monster like that?”
“Usually they trip themselves up. Because they develop a view of themselves as infallible, of the police as never smart enough to catch them, they make a mistake somewhere. And sometimes, believe it or not, they want to be caught, wanting to cash in on the notoriety. Make the serial killer’s A-list. It’s a strange, warped world they live in.”
I just shook my head. Without recognizing fully why, I had always been overly influenced by what people felt and wished, often so much so that my own needs came second. Tex’s selfishness was totally alien to me.
“This person can’t and won’t stop torturing and killing,” she summed it up. “What did you find?” A twinge of anxiety reflected in her tone. I knew she was worried about me. Opening myself to these... influences had consequences: the huge immediate shock of emotional overload, and the long-term degradation of my own feelings as I tried to cope with the horror.
“I feel intent but no specific detail. But I don’t dare take it fully on. I take a quick peek and close my eyes again.” She nodded, understanding and approving. “It is different from Jenny’s case.” At the mere mention of her name, a lump grew in my throat. “Jen and I were attuned. I think that is why I saw so clearly. But these people are strangers and I don’t know their inner... essences. I don’t resonate.”
We were quiet for a while, each on our own path of thought.
“What are you going to do now?”
“I don’t know. Peek at what I have brought back. I need you to keep an eye on me while I do this. I don’t know what it comes with. I don’t want to end up on the floor again.” She nodded, her eyes very serious. “Then I will look for her. Sarah. I’m beginning to have a sense of her. I have seen her pictures. I have handled her stuff. I have the smell of her in my nose.” I hope that didn’t sound too much like a pervert. “I will intuit and see if I can pick up her signature somewhere.”
I went into the bedroom, drew the curtains to block out the daylight and lay down on the bed. I closed my eyes and tried to relax. I heard Amanda come in, sit down beside me and take my hand—I could tell she was monitoring my pulse. I shrugged mentally. Well, I needed someone to check on me.
I thought of Sarah, projecting the pictures from her album onto my mind. With each breath, I extended myself. The physical barrier melted and I began to float in space over a field of glowing colors that somehow retained the contours of my neighborhood. I moved out and increasing my speed, surveyed the flow of land below. The hues merged and blended, other times melted into shadows. This time it was even more like flying into a city on a fog-choked night, the roads outlined by strings of lights. I was again overwhelmed by the strangeness, but I was more primed to track my progress. Still, I had to keep myself from being caught up in this extraordinary experience; I had to focus. I was looking for something. But how was I going to recognize it?
From the beginning this search had been different; it did not have the focus that I had felt with Jenny and there were no clear targets to help me. I was fumbling in the dark, hoping to stumble upon something. I wasn’t sure of the process, simply learning to swim with the current.
As I “flew,” the energy field below me was in flux, accumulating, adding up micro-events, and constantly changing brightness and contrast. It looked like shimmering pools of colors, and every once in a while like lighting flickering through layers of storm clouds, a critical event in the matrix discharged its energy. Anger, rage, hurt would flare sharply in the red range; love, joy in a more diffuse orange glow; depression, unhappiness sunk into a dark purple hole. I was looking for “storm signs” centered on Tex, but found none as I gradually enlarged the search area. There were localized spikes to be sure, that I had identified as coming from the Methodist Hospital. I could dismiss that focus. There were other flickers here and there, but nothing major to call attention to itself. Where was Tex? Why was he not lighting up my view like a Christmas tree? Was he in a down-cycle? Was there even such a thing?
I groped about, expanding my consciousness. In my bird’s-eye view there was a very definite rise and fall of the landscape, but no sharp, instantly recognizable features. The black ribbon had to be the Mugawash River just east of the city. Houses showed as clusters of radiation if they were occupied, or were hardly discernible if empty. The Mental Health Centre was flashing on and off, flickering with nervous energy. I felt that I had most of the city covered. I extended beyond its limits, feeling a sensation akin to soaring higher, the vista receding and dropping away beneath me. The color was also being absorbed by the increased height.
Maybe I would have to “fly” concentric circles around the city parts at some optimal level, balancing height with signal strength. “I’m soaring, just like bird,” I told myself, even feeling the wind of my motion in my face and hair. Childishly, I spread my arms to make an airplane. It felt exhilarating. I swooped and dove into the play of lights. What a silly, juvenile game when I was on a deadly serious business. Concentrate!
Still, part of my mind resisted the new experience. You are dreaming, logic tried to reconcile the event, don’t bother documenting this. Another part argued equally passionately, believe it, it’s true. Someone’s life depends on your confidence. I was soaring, but other parts felt the pull of reality, the doubt was weighing me down. I’d have to choose one or the other, or develop a split personality. I was already beginning to hold two sets of reality in my awareness.
I was slowing, tiring, growing heavier. A fear of falling started to build up and I looked for a safe way of landing this “thing.”
I woke in Amanda’s arms. She was holding me tight. I stopped struggling and she eased her grip. “You were thrashing about and whimpering.”
“I was flying,” I finally admitted, then told her all the details. At first, she looked incredulous but allowed herself to be convinced. If it was imagined, she was willing to share the delusion with me. What a concession for a psychologist to make, I marveled, grateful to her for trusting me. I needed her support, now, on the cusp of new discoveries, more than ever.
“There are many documented instances of out-of-body experiences.” Amanda tried to summon outside references. “Sometimes induced by drugs, sometimes by traumatic events, or even by meditation. People with near-death experiences often report being outside of themselves. The trouble is science doesn’t want to study the phenomenon seriously. Aside from anecdotal testimony, there is nothing. There are no instruments to measure and to record these events. It’s mired in a swamp of controversy that has buried too many reputations to attract real scientific minds to the problem.” Yes, even I had trouble believing it.
But critical time was running out. “I found nothing,” I said, summing up the essentials. I closed my eyes and instantly fell asleep for about forty minutes.
I got up, had a drink and settled back into the bed. I did a quick “fly” around, again without results. Over the rest of the day, I repeated the cycle. Flying, sleeping, flying, and sleeping. Nothing. Had he taken her out of the state? I didn’t have her “signature,” so I couldn’t lock onto her and get a bearing. I became frustrated, because this was getting me nowhere. My ESP was proving useless so far.
Still I tried again, pushing farther into the countryside. Nothing.
At 4:30 I called the police station.
“Homicide. Chief Detective Smythe.” All very crisp and officious.
“Why, Jasper, what are you doing back early?”
“Travis, I heard you are working with us again.” The temperature of his tone rose to warm. “They called me back from my holidays to expedite this case. What a mess. The guy is a real psycho. He has got to be stopped. Terminated.” I knew that he was thinking of Max, and would like to apply the same remedy.
“I’ve been nosing around but got nothing so far. Did you guys unearth something?”
“Not much. We’ve been interviewing friends and classmates. The most we found was that about four-five months ago Sarah started changing. Using more makeup, wearing sexier clothes, and showing a sparkle that made her friends think she had a secret boyfriend. But no one knew who or what. She simply dropped off the radar. Her best friend said she mostly stayed home, didn’t go out much. Not with old friends, anyway.”
“Did you find her cell phone?”
“Yes, bits and pieces of it.”
“Her computer?”
“Again, in bits and pieces.”
“Could she have been on the Internet?”
“No—it wasn’t Internet capable. It didn’t even have a modem.”
“Could she have used the family computer to access the Web?”
“Not according to her father. The Internet was locked away in a special partition, inaccessible without a 12 digit password.”
“Damn, there has to be an answer someplace.”
“Yes, Kiddo. There usually is. But it only makes sense in hindsight.”
We were not making any progress. I went into the darkened bedroom and tried to intuit again. I enlarged the perimeter, but still got nothing but more exhaustion. I was beginning to see how much energy it took to “fly” and to concentrate on the flux beneath. Things really became confused when I flew beyond my knowledge of the terrain. I kept losing orientation, thinking I was heading north, but really ended up going west. The largely north-south orientation of the Hydroflex Powergrid main trunk line was of great help, as it showed up very clearly on my energy sensitive array. The electric transmission line basically divided the state into east and west halves. That and the black ribbon of the Rappatox river, which absorbed all psychic energies, gave me a good cross reference once I became more familiar with it. Still nothing.
“I can’t get anything,” I complained to Amanda. “I’ve tried day and night—not a twitch. He must have taken her out of state—in which case we’re screwed. I’m spinning my wheels, burning plenty of rubber but getting nowhere.”
“Well then, try something different.”
“Like what?”
“I don’t know. But just repeating what doesn’t work will get you more of the same.”
She was right, of course. I couldn’t see because of my own footprints trampling over the same ground. Think outside the box! The disciplined rigidity I had applied induced tunnel vision. I needed a wider view. Instead of focusing—unfocus—let your mind go.
I tried to relax, let the flow gather momentum and go with the rush. When I was 11, I had created an alter ego, Detective Spike, who solved impossible cases of murder, captured bank robbers, and saved people who were held for ransom. He was highly decorated and a grateful community often celebrated his many good deeds. I could use him on this case now.
Another of my fantasy heroes was Captain Pilot Buzz Lightstorm, a WWII fighter ace, who dove out of the sun to pounce on an unsuspecting enemy, eventually accumulating 18 victories. I’d never once wondered how the enemy might have felt when surprised by the Captain. Perhaps I needed to come out of the sun to surprise Tex.
Watch it son, Detective Spike cautioned me, perhaps he will surprise you. With Lightstorm’s eye, I turned to watch my 6 o’clock position, squinting into the sun. Was there an enemy hiding there?
Damned silly game, I ought to get back to concentrating. Still, there was something that held me up, just enough to set my alarm bells ringing. Something was struggling through my consciousness trying to communicate with me. God, I didn’t need another puzzle just now! I had to get back to work. But whatever it was, was like magma rising before an eruption, sending out tremors to warn of its approach. I could feel it coming, a gathering recognition. But of what? The sun still kept bouncing around in my head. The sun.
It made little sense. What did the sun have to do with Tex and the girl? Hide in the sun! The surprise. OK, Tex and the girl are in the sun. But they weren’t. They were hiding in the light of the sun. Again they weren’t. But... maybe. Maybe yes!
I threw myself on the bed and assumed my ritualized pose with arms flung out making a plane. I closed my eyes and launched myself into the psychic void. The shimmering lights flickered on, came into focus, separated into levels and I found myself flying above my community. Of course there was no sun, but I had an idea. I zoomed to the Methodist Hospital that was pulsing like a strobe light within the surrounding weaker glow. There was much pain there, of different degrees, of many varieties. Perhaps this was my sun. The cumulative intensity of the place could be masking what I was looking for, an uncontrolled release of psychic energy. Or something like it. I assayed the conglomerate, trying to isolate and evaluate each component. I was trying to match up rage with hurt, Tex and Sarah. That could be hidden in the mix. After about twenty minutes, I gave up. I could not find the profile I was expecting.
It was exhausting work and I had to “land” to rest. I was breathing heavily when Amanda came into the bedroom. “Still at it?” There was just a hint of reproach in her voice.
I explained to her what it felt like to be “soaring,” gaining impressions.
“Why don’t you fly lower and really take a close look? Why not go inside?”
“It’s not real,” I reminded her. “It’s just impressions, nothing physical. The door is often not where it should be, the windows are offset. I’m not a “ghost” who can materialize at will. I’m sort of surfing on a collective energy field. If for one second people were to stop emoting, I would probably crash and do damage to myself.”
She looked worried then. “Is that actually possible?”
“I don’t know how it works. One time though, I did pass through a wall, crossed an electrical wire and came back with a burn. I still have a welt to prove it. So now I’m careful around electricity.”
“Why didn’t you tell me that before?”
“I didn’t want to worry you,” I said, then to distract her I added, “I think I might have a clue. Tex might be holed up near the source of another disturbance that might be masking his output.”
“Now that is interesting. Where did you look?”
“At the Methodist Hospital. I will try the Mental Health facility next when I catch my breath. Then perhaps the jail. Anywhere there is a steady, high level emotional output.”
“Oh, try the veterinary clinics. Animals feel pain and anxiety too.”
“Good idea.” I was encouraged. Again I had a plan. I got up and watched the late news on TV. There had to be catastrophes, some international shakeup, world market fluctuations, someone winning and someone losing—but I didn’t remember any of it. The whole time I was worried about time running out, and said so.
“One thing’s good,” Amanda tried to reassure me. “He’s a very methodical sadist. He’ll take his time to break her down a fraction at a time.”
“You call that good? He’s torturing her!”
“You’ve got to get your priorities straight. His enjoyment of her pain is what’s keeping her alive. And as long as she is alive, we have a chance of rescuing her.”
“The bastard is too driven to control himself for that long.”
“I think you’re wrong. Everything speaks of control. Over control, in fact. This has all been carefully set up, every step prepared and executed flawlessly. Why didn’t anyone notice him? Coming or going? He must have stalked the family and known everything about them before he took the first step.”
“You didn’t see the house. Everything broken. The guy went ape-shit in there. No control whatsoever.”
“You’re wrong. He did a too-thorough job of it. He was trying to hide something with the destruction—but what was it?” Yes, that had occurred to me too.
“But... you said before he had no control...”
“No control over his urges. He will succumb to them and need to do it over and over again. In that sense he can’t help himself. But he has plenty of control in the execution of it. The careful detailing, according to plan and forethought.”
I went back to the bedroom and resumed my exploration. I “visited” the Mental Health Centre, the jails, both the county and the federal on Verdant Valley Road, even the immigration holding facility crammed full with illegals. And though I found plenty of responses, of anger and anxiety, there was nothing that would suggest Tex or Sarah.
In one of the subdivisions to the west, I picked up a weak signal or two that could have been Sarah, pain mixed with despair, but the voices were small and muted, and from more than one source. I tried to pinpoint the location, a crescent off Dunn Avenue, the 8th house clockwise, the 23rd the other way. Later, I would check it out.
I was slowing down with the weight of growing discouragement. Maybe the bastard was sleeping. That’s why I couldn’t find him. After all it was early morning when most of the world was still asleep. But I knew that Tex was not bound by normal rules. He was not a slave to time; time was made to serve him. So he could be up, day or night. I couldn’t ignore the possibility either way.
I tracked down a few vets, and though the signal characteristics were different, the volume was not. The pain of the animals came through just as clearly as humans. But I was tiring again. It was 3:30 a.m. when I returned and immediately dropped off to sleep.


Chapter 17

Amanda was waiting with a fresh pot of aromatic coffee, the good stuff we served only on special occasions. “Thought you could use a lift,” she said, and pecked me on the cheek as I went by. How right she was. Groggily I sipped, trying to remember all I had learned. I told her how discouraged I was.
“Take heart. You’re making progress. At the very least you’re eliminating possibilities.” Yes, my dear Amanda was a good therapist. In no time she had me feeling better and eating a big breakfast, eggs and bacon with hash browns. Still, I felt scattered, my mind preoccupied with the struggle, what to do next?
I sniffed the air, catching a whiff of Angel Kiss, a scent Amanda used only when she wanted to make love. Usually, it was I who initiated things, but from time to time, she would daub on a little of this perfume to indicate her intent. She was too much of a lady to ask directly and chose this method to communicate her need. It took only two instances of this signaling for me to learn its significance. Then I would make an extra effort to please her. (Once it got me into trouble, encountering Angel Kiss in a crowded elevator, inducing a split-second, embarrassing erection.)
I sampled the air noisily. “Do I smell what I think I smell?” I asked, immediately forgetting my other worries.
“Smell what?” she asked innocently but she was backing toward the bedroom, drawing me after her like the following tide.
“The smell of Angels hovering in the air...” The stuff was an irresistible pheromone, had me instantly aroused. She stood by the bed, pretending to brush her hair, looking at me in the mirror through lowered eyelashes. She arched her back and thrust her chest forward, knowing full well what that did to me. I swept her into the bed, rolling on top of her. I kissed her deeply then nibbled at the curve of her neck, her special sensitive spot. She moaned softly, still very ladylike. Whenever we got this close our auras mixed, our identities merged, and the sensations we shared suddenly quadrupled in intensity. Because I’d been “flying” so much on ESP, my emanation was especially strong, and I was deep in her both physically and mentally. The steep climb, the maddening insistence waiting forever to reach the top, the anticipation both sweet and sharp yet trying to hold off. Then the explosion, the aftershock, spiraling down into an afterglow. Peace at last. I was spent, adrift in tenderness. In the contentment of the moment, satiated, being one was the ultimate experience.
It took a long while to leave the pleasure of the bed. With a kiss and caress, slowly becoming separate again.
I showered and tried to work up enthusiasm for the rest of the day.

At the police station Maclure had some news for me. “A gardener working in a back yard saw a car drive out of the Decharmes’ garage on the day in question. He identified a dark blue, late model Buick Regal that drove slowly west down the alley and turned right onto Buckford. He said a man was inside, but because of the tinted glass he could not see much else. Still, from the posture he thought he was a strong, robust man.” Maclure paused, eyeing me, his jaw working on a wad of gum. The poor bastard chose the wrong day to quit smoking. “The time checks out. The place checks out.”
Finally, a break. But I was not satisfied. “Where was this... witness? Why did it take him so long to come forward?”
“He’s Hispanic. Barely speaks any English. He lives like he’s still in Puerto Rico and doesn’t pay any attention to things around here. He works, then plays dominos at Little Rico. He’s afraid of the police, though he has a green card.”
“We found a 2003 Buick Regal fitting the description abandoned in the Super Shop parking lot. It had been stolen from the Midstate Reservoir area the day prior to the murder. It was wiped clean but in the trunk we found blond hairs that matched Sarah’s one hundred percent,” Smythe concluded with a pleased flourish. So at last we were getting somewhere.
They were proud that they had finally dug up something and both now looked expectantly at me. Unfortunately, I had nothing to tell them.
“Amanda thinks she’s still alive. The bastard is drawing it out, enjoying every minute of it.”
“Well, that at least would be good news,” Maclure offered hopefully. That was typical of the police, I thought bitterly; it was enough for them to save the body. Their job would then be done, and they could congratulate themselves. But what about the broken spirit? The memory of the long torment?
“Do you have a city map? That shows lots and house numbers?” I asked suddenly.
“Yes. From the building department. It should be here someplace; we used it on a stakeout in another case.” Smythe went to the back wall and stirred through the piles of stuff there. In moments he was back, spreading out the map on the main table. “What are you looking for?”
“Dunn Avenue,” I said, leaning over the map. Smythe’s finger poked at the west end. “Here it is, Walnut Crescent.” I counted from the left, counted from the right and read, “78 Walnut Crescent.” I looked around in the office. “Where’s Toma?”
“She’s getting more coffee for us.” Just then she came in with a tray of 3 cups.
“Sorry, Travis, I’d have gotten you one too.” She passed around the drinks.
“Toma, find out who lives at 78 Walnut Crescent,” I said to her. She nodded and went off to find out.
“What’s up?” Smythe asked, sniffing the air.
“Nothing to do with this case.”
“Are you using county resources for private inquiries? You’re not into real estate are you?” Maclure asked half jokingly.
Within minutes Toma was back. “78 Walnut belongs to a couple, Harry and Gwen Talbot,” she announced, referring to her notebook. “What’s it about?”
“You better notify Social Services. There are five kids in the house and they’re probably being abused.”
“Damn. The place is a foster home.” She made big eyes at me, then her mouth drew into a grim line as she went for her phone.
I started striding up and down the office, thinking hard. The two detectives watched me go back and forth. Finally Smythe interrupted, “Why do you take only three steps that way and three steps back? Why not go the whole width of the office?”
“Was I doing that?” I asked surprised. Yes, I was, I suddenly realized. Why? Because when I was locked up in jail, accused of Jenny’s murder, the cell allowed only three steps and unconsciously I had reverted to that pattern. But why the fuck had Smythe interrupted my thinking? Where was I?
“It doesn’t make any sense. We know Tex must have studied the Decharmes for some time. Then why didn’t anyone notice him? He must have stalked them. Why is our first sight of the man on the day of the murder, driving away with Sarah in the trunk?” Three steps this way, three steps back. “Are you sure she couldn’t get on the Net?”
“Not according to the father,” Smythe said, joining my restless pacing.
“Did you find another computer in the house? One no one knew about?”
“No,” Maclure joined up, and we marched back and forth, three abreast.
“Could she have used the computer at school?”
“No. The computer lab tutor went through the logs but found no entry for Sarah other than what was assigned.”
“Could she have used a computer at a friend’s?”
“She did a few times, but never regularly. Both Tara and Ann Joy Lynn mentioned that,” Maclure supplied.
“What are you getting at?” Smythe finally asked the question that had been building.
“I think this has all the earmarks of Internet luring,” I said. “Must have started about five to six months ago. That’s when her friends noticed Sarah changing. She started paying attention to her appearance, dressing more provocatively, using makeup. That she wore sexy underwear tells me she herself was turned on. The sensual part of her lit up. Her marks dipped suddenly. Friends say she became secretive and unavailable. She didn’t go out with them anymore yet her father reports she mostly stayed in her room.”
We were now perfectly synchronized, like a chorus line. Three steps this way, pivot to the right, three steps back. Toma came into the office and watched us open-mouthed, going through our routine.
“How did he first make contact? How did he communicate with her?” Like a dog I could not let go of the bone.
“There was no computer she could use. Her cell phone records show nothing out of the ordinary, let alone the kind of recurring contact you are looking for,” Maclure objected.
Smythe had more imagination. “But it fits the case too well. There had to be a way for him to contact her, influence her.”
“There’s gotta be some evidence of that in the photographs,” I asserted.
“But we’ve looked through them a thousand times,” Maclure protested.
“We didn’t know what to look for. Now we do,” Smythe said with a certain elation in his voice. The three of us pivoted, then took three steps the other way.
“What? What should we look for?” Maclure demanded.
“Any evidence of an independent cell phone. One no one knew about. The one she went to great lengths to keep secret,” Smythe declared. He hurried to the back wall, took one of three boxes and put it on the table. One by one, we looked at the photos, crowding each other.
“It will work better if we each take a box, go through the lot, and set aside any picture that might hold a clue,” Smythe said rather fussily. “I’ll start on the living and dining rooms. Pete, you take the family room and Travis you get to go through the bedroom stuff. Afterward, we’ll trade boxes.” We all nodded and settled at a desk, each with our own box.
I went through my lot in a hurry, just getting a sense of things. Then I took my time with each photo, trying to read some sense into it. The master bedroom was in chaos, everything damaged, out of place, the floor knee-deep in stuff, clothes ripped and cast every which way. Pillows and bed coverings shredded. Bottles and jars of cosmetic products were on the floor, the dresser kicked-in, drawers crushed. Shirts and socks were everywhere. The alarm clock was hardly recognizable; the cordless telephone just a stump. There was so much confusion that it was often hard to recognize individual things.
Sarah’s room was in much better shape. A pillow had been slashed, some of the dolls from her collection were cut open, a poster ripped from the wall, and a few dresses off the hangers.
The upstairs bathroom was almost normal. The mirror was streaked with lipstick, no words, no design, just a smear. Rolls of toilet paper were unrolled on the floor. But that was that. Why did he bother? went through my mind repeatedly.
It took about twenty minutes for me to go through the box. Then we switched and after about another twenty we switched again. By the end we were dazed, overwhelmed by the sheer volume of destruction.
“What you got?” Maclure asked, looking from Smythe to me.
Smythe laid three shots on the table. “I don’t know if it’s significant. From the living room. Look how he ripped out the wires from the entertainment unit. How he broke each component. He didn’t have to do that.”
Maclure had only two shots, the blood-smeared footprint from the kitchen (we would all have picked that one) and a shredded photo of the Decharmes from the family room. He had no words for them.
I uncovered my photographs. One of disemboweled dolls and one of a mess of wires that had been the leads to the alarm and the phone.
We took turns examining each selection.
“Well, that was for nothing,” Maclure summed it up, disgusted with the colossal waste of time.
“Not... ne-ces-sa-rily,” I said emphatically, pushing the coil of wires from Sarah’s room to the fore. “If you look closely, I think that is a charger wire for a cell phone.” Both men leaned over it.
“She had a cell phone... bits and pieces we found.”
“Yes, a Motorola, but if I am right, that is a Samsung logo.” The two bent over the photo again.
“That would go with a Samsung phone,” Smythe jumped on it excitedly.
“The one no one knew about!” I added feeling rather pleased with myself. One did not always have to be a psychic to prove useful.
We passed the photo back and forth, peering through a magnifying glass to have a better look.
“Now what?” Maclure asked.
“Now, I get a blow-up of the photo and get an expert to tell us exactly what cell phone would be attached to this,” Smythe volunteered, eager to get on it.
“And what do I do?” Maclure asked, not wanting to be left out.
“You start calling couriers to see if any made a special delivery to the Decharme household within... within the last seven months. Somehow the phone must have gotten into Sarah’s hands.”
Maclure looked taken aback. That meant a lot of phoning.
“What’ll you do?” Smythe directed the question at me.
“I think I’ll get back to flying.”
“Flying?” Maclure asked.
“He means psychic scouting,” Smythe enlightened him.
I asked for some privacy, but all we could find was the cleaning closet. We crowded two chairs into the narrow place, facing one another, and I wedged myself into them, half seated, half reclined. With the door closed, the light off, the confines were irritatingly claustrophobic. There was a damp chemical smell, and I could taste the dust in the air. “How do they expect me to work in this?” I grumbled. I squeezed my eyes shut and tried to ignore the distraction. Not surprisingly the “launch” was ragged, uncertain, and for a long second I flickered between the real world and the other, but finally the color glow stabilized and deepened. I soared to optimal height and leveled off. To tune my senses, I performed a short orientation pattern, queuing off Amanda’s and my place. As I swept by, I could see an energy glow that had to be her. On impulse, I decided to visit. I approached the wall and carefully pushed myself through it. There was a definite resistance so it was easier slipping through sideways. There was a spike of pain as I forced my way past a nail. It seemed that denser metal objects were more of an obstacle. I had time to wonder: if this wasn’t real, why did the nail hurt?
Inside, the differences between the real and the intuited world were disconcerting. I could sort of recognize my own place, but it also felt unfamiliar. Same with Amanda. She was a shimmering golden presence, pulsing with an orange core, sort of upright and sort of human-like, not having all the contours and outlines one would recognize in real life. I was maybe three feet from her, following her around. Then a strange thing happened; she sensed me. “Trav,” she called, but it was not a normal tone, it was more of an intent. I tried to speak but couldn’t; my voice simply warbled and I didn’t know if it even could bridge the two dimensions. Finally, I touched her mind directly, felt her recognition and a mixture of vexation, wondering what I was up to. But she didn’t put up any resistance. I flashed her my love and felt an immediate response. White flickered through her that slowly turned amber in afterglow. I withdrew slowly, reluctantly. I knew she could feel my emotions wash through her.
I ascended again, skimming between layers of iridescent blue, heading east to where I last broke off my search. I was near the edge of town, following an ever-enlarging flight path. Below me, pools of color flickered dimly, flared then faded quickly. I was looking for something bright that flashed rapidly from one level of intensity to another, bursting to the surface like bubbles in a boiling pot: that was how I recognized rage and an overflow of emotions. But everything was relatively calm, saturated with overtones of blue.
I swept by the generating station, then detoured to sidestep the interference of its magnetic field. Tex could very well be hidden by the noise of the system. I could see the transmission lines glow with the electricity humming through them. I made seven passes, but could not discern any variance in the rhythmic pulse.
I swept on, passing over the cool green of Sandhill Park, then the marsh on its northern end. All was quiet. Occasionally a tremor would pass through the whole matrix like an earthquake, briefly shaking everything, then subsiding. I had no explanation of this event, thought it might be due to momentary loss of focus or confidence, but the experience was jarring. It was like hitting an air pocket in flight, disrupting a smooth glide path.
I was following what I took to be the railroad, the rails looking like two dark, black lines snaking through the countryside. I flew over the trestle bridge that spanned Sanoman Creek, then by the black mirror of the town’s reservoir. Soon, I was heading into the industrial section of town. Machine shops, the brick works and abandoned cement factory. Then I sensed it; I was nearing some major disturbance. Ahead, lights flickered and winked out, went from intense red to yellow, in what I recognized was the signature of pain. Much pain. There was a background of dark sickly green, full of anxiety. I aimed myself toward the centre of this tumult; my heart was beating furiously. There was an accompanying sound, and the nearer I got, the more the sound increased, a strident shriek that cut through me like a knife. It got so bad that I could not force my flight through it. Like a barrier it held me off. I veered away, circled, accelerated and ran at this “force field,” trying to punch through it with my speed. Instead I bounced off, repelled like the wrong ends of magnets.
I circled, trying to sense the place. What was at this end of town? The rail yards loading area, warehouses, the empty grain elevators, the stockyards... and the slaughterhouse!
Of course! Shipments of animals were unloaded, crowded into pens, driven wholesale into the antiseptic hall, murdered en mass, washed and hung, skinned and butchered, shipped in refrigerated trucks to other meat processing plants in the city and the state. A constant stream of cows and pigs passed through the killing zone. Yes, there was much anxiety, fearful anticipation, and then the searing pain. There was a high-pitched squeal that cut into my brain, then it would cease...  much too abruptly, only to start up again. No wonder my sensors were going off the scale.
I circled and circled, unable to close the distance. When I finally resumed my way north, everything looked dull by comparison. I had looked into the scorching light of the sun, and my senses were blunted. I flew on.
A shriek tore through me and knocked me out of the air. I was falling... out of control... spinning to the ground. I was anticipating the impact when I ripped open my eyes to find... to find a horrified woman staring down at me. Her face was twisted by the shock of finding me in her closet. The cleaning lady.
“I’m sorry...” I mumbled, raising myself from the seats. “I was trying to take a nap...” I finished lamely.
I went to Maclure’s office and found him on the phone, talking earnestly. “It could be as far back as seven months ago. Your courier service would have delivered a package to Sarah Decharme on 62 Parkview Crescent... That’s right, Parkview. You do service the area?” There was a long pause. “I know it’s a lot of work. But it’s important, involving murder.” Maclure frowned as someone on the other end was objecting. Maclure finally cut in. “We could come down with a truck, take all your files and search through them ourselves...” Then he listened. “Yes, that would be the best. And the Police Force, of course, is grateful for your cooperation.” Maclure hung up in disgust.
“That was the nineteenth firm I called. Who knew there were so many couriers in town? What’s wrong with using the postal service?” He reached for a cigarette, then frowned, remembering that he had quit. “The last bastard tried to get me to forgive a wad of parking tickets in exchange... The nerve some people have.”
Toma came in then, a bright smile on her face. “You know the Talbots? They have been arrested!”
“The who?” Maclure and I both asked.
“78 Walnut Street. The foster home.” A light went on. “The couple was abusing the kids in their care, both physically and sexually. Going back years. Social Services got the kids to disclose and the couple is now in custody. Good work, Travis.” Then she frowned at me. “But how in hell did you know?”
“I told you he’s special. Clean out your ears,” Maclure grumbled.
Smythe came in, threw a wad of printed matter on the table, folded himself into a chair, poured himself a drink from the water pitcher on the table and drank it noisily.
“The charger is definitely a Samsung item, used through the whole range of their product line, from basic cell phones all the way to the com-unit. You can watch streamed TV, surf the Net, e-mail, send pictures and videos. The only thing it won’t do is wash dishes.”
“Yes, that would make sense,” I contributed needlessly.
“What does?” Toma asked.
Maclure sighed. Why did the Captain saddle him with this woman? There was no longer a need for her as Smythe was back on the job. “Our present theory holds that Tex somehow established contact with Sarah some time ago and later sent her a prepaid cell phone so they could communicate in private with no one the wiser for it. There was no record because it was not in her name.”
“Jeezus!” Toma was near speechless—but not quite. “So he could talk to her any time and her family wouldn’t be aware of it?”
“Something like that,” Smythe confirmed. “I can even see the phone used in video mode, surreptitiously transmitting a streamed movie of the household. The bastard probably knew all the routines and habits of the family, and could plan accordingly. Down to the split second.”
“Man, that’s mind-boggling.” Maclure had difficulty reconciling himself to the entire concept. He did not trust technology and could not appreciate its capabilities.
“So Sarah was the unwitting spy within her own household?” Toma asked.
“He had her eating out of his hand. He probably fed her some romantic garbage an impressionable 15-year-old was starved for. You can bet that she was a willing participant.”
“She was a fool!” Maclure interjected. Then he turned to Toma. “Be useful and get us some coffee. Two creams, double sugar, right Trav?” I nodded. She frowned but left on the errand.
“So what did you find, Trav?” They both looked at me expectantly.
“The cleaning lady,” I said glumly. They looked at me stupidly like cows chewing their cud. “Nothing, I’m afraid,” I said, reluctant to confess failure. “He could’ve taken her out of state or even upstate. I haven’t been able to find any trace of him or her in town.”
“Well, keep trying,” Smythe advised. “I don’t think he left and risked transporting her across state lines making it a federal matter. More than likely he’s near, hiding. What we know is that he would be well prepared.”
“Which is good and bad,” I commented.
“How?” came from Maclure.
“Good, because he’s not in any hurry to kill her off. Not after so much painstaking preparation. He would drag it out to make it last. And that gives us time to find her. Bad... well bad because she is experiencing the worst torment that could be devised by a diabolical mind.”
“We ought to kill the asshole,” Maclure declared, smacking his lips. “And save the taxpayers the cost of a trial and keeping him in jail.”
“If we ever get our hands on him...” Smythe was more realistic. All of us considered the consequences. Tex was good. He had proven that. He might get away with this yet. We would get another body to add to the death toll and he would be free to do it again. We looked at each other, silently vowing to prevent that. By any and all means. Hell, there goes another semester down the drain.
I went home, showered and changed clothes. Amanda fed me a plateful of green beans with almonds sautéed in peanut oil. She was slowly but persistently turning me into a vegetarian. I didn’t have much appetite, but ate to please her and to keep up my strength.
“How was your flight?” she asked.
“Had some difficulty above Chicago. O’Hare was fogged in and we were stuck two hours in a holding pattern.” She smiled. I figured that a touch of humor was probably a good sign under the circumstances.
“I’m getting better at this. Learning as I go along. For instance I found that metal cuts down my extrasensory acuity. I have a hard time seeing through metal. Not impossible, but the strength of the signal is much reduced.”
“You better have some rest before going out again,” she said in her most persuasive tone. I nodded. I needed a nap. I lay down but couldn’t unwind. She came into the bedroom to check on me, and found me still awake. She lay down next to me, and under normal circumstances we would have made love, but this thing with Tex had dirtied me. She massaged my shoulders and neck and I relaxed, soon falling asleep.
I slept exactly 37 minutes by the clock, just enough to feel refreshed. I considered what I would do next. I knew Maclure was still rattling the bushes to flush out a courier who could have delivered a phone to Sarah. Smythe was looking for a possible safe-house where Tex could have set up. There were only a finite number of places in the city where that was possible—to hide and not be noticed. Places with a high transient population. Of course, he might be holed up in some outlying farm, making our task more difficult. I had covered most of the city thus far; soon I would have to press into the countryside, which I knew less well. Navigation was going to be a problem.
I launched and headed straight for the slaughterhouse. Again, at a certain distance I was repelled. Matter meeting antimatter—or some such nonsense. Just could not be done. At least I couldn’t. I approached at different levels, from alternate directions but within a specific distance I was again repulsed. It was not a hard wall, more like some rubbery resistance, yielding slowly, stretching, absorbing my intrusion, but finally robbing me of all momentum and not letting me through. Frustrated, I exhausted myself.
I landed and considered. This was the only place in town with sufficient intensity to mask other such events. But how was I going to investigate it if I couldn’t get near it?
I was striding back and forth in the kitchen, worrying out loud with Amanda quietly listening as I worked myself into a fever pitch. “I didn’t ask for any of this! This... this sensitivity is not a gift, it’s a curse! I wish I never had it. Or became aware of it. It lets me know a little but not enough. What am I supposed to do? Where do I go from here? I wish to hell I could just give it up... and chuck it.”
“Easy now. Because you know, it makes you responsible for knowing...” Amanda was trying to calm me down. “And why do you think he’s hiding? Do you think he’s sensitive like you?”
“I don’t know what he is.” Took another turn around the kitchen. “He is a different breed of fish, that’s for sure.” I stopped abruptly. “Because I can’t fly in, I might have to walk in there to find him.”
“Not by yourself!” Amanda jumped in sharply.
“Relax. Just to scout out the position. Find out what is what.” She looked very uncomfortable with the idea. To me it sounded like the most workable solution. I resolved that somewhat after midnight I would drive there and explore. I figured at night there would be less activity to confuse a trail if there was any. I watched the evening news, trying to reconnect with normal reality. I found it hard to concentrate. I was in the midst of a war, all the more intense because it was fought underground: only I and Amanda knew about it, and Maclure and Smythe.
For a while Amanda stayed up with me reading her book Serial Killers of America. She interrupted the broadcast. “Listen to this. The public fascination with serial killers has produced a brand of news coverage that, in not so subtle ways, has promoted copycat killings. Because of the inordinate attention paid to this genre of crime, more and more petty criminals are now aspiring to become serial killers...” She looked up from the book. “I always said that the public was in part responsible for this increase... through feeding their vulgar appetites for the bizarre and the violent. I just hate to think that the media is stimulating these marginal people to come out of the woodwork...” After a moment’s consideration she added, “Tex, however, is a real predator, not just a wannabe. Really dangerous.” She snapped her book shut, stood up and announced she was going to bed. She admonished me not to stay up too late. “You need your strength.” Amen to that.

At 12:30 a.m. exactly, I left the house, dressed in dark clothes for the undercover op. I got into the car and started north heading for the stockyards. On the kitchen table I had left a note for Amanda letting her know what I was up to. At the end I jokingly wrote that if I was not back by 7:00 a.m. call Maclure and Smythe for rescue.
The industrial district was poorly lit by an occasional street light. Rundown brick buildings lined the way, half deserted and decaying. At the turn of the last century this had been a hub of productivity and the main source of prosperity that had paid for the expansion of the city. There were shoe factories, leather works, textile shops, and three breweries. Now the city was contracting as the manufacturing base shrank. Jobs were bleeding off to more modern facilities to the southwest or worse, leaving the country altogether for the Third World.
The front of the slaughterhouse was flood-lit, and as I drove by, the chain link gate was opening to let two trucks onto the road. Belching plumes of diesel exhaust, the trucks turned off toward the interstate. I had my psychic senses firmly shut off, not to be repelled by what was going on inside. I passed the place, then two more, and pulled into a deserted, weed-overgrown parking lot. The building behind was dilapidated, the windows partially boarded up, missing glass. Corroded machine parts were scattered about everywhere, barrels and sheet metal weeping rust stains. I killed my lights and sat quietly for a couple of minutes to let my eyes adjust. There was a partial moon and a sky full of stars to give good ambient light.
Taking a pencil-beam flashlight from the glove compartment, I got out of the car, easing the door shut. There might be nobody on watch for miles but then again, there might. Tex had to be somewhere.
I sniffed the air; there was a stagnant pool nearby. Six, seven miles off to the right was the small municipal airport, its lights probing the darkness to lead the occasional plane home. Closer were a water tower and the black silhouette of unused grain elevators. All around were darkened buildings, abandoned some time ago, deteriorating with neglect. Still, somewhere the distinctive whine of an electric forklift sounded some activity among all the rot and rubbish.
I moved off, cautiously skirting a pile of junk. I blinked my mind’s eye, and instantly pain exploded through my head. White, blinding agony. I groaned and stumbled, then for a minute was gasping for air. Yes, I was inside the umbrella of the killing zone, and up close the intensity was overpowering. I tried to remember if there was anything else mixed in with the animals’ slaughter. I couldn’t tell. The response had been too sharp and abrupt to analyze.
I steeled myself and blinked again. This time the backlash nearly threw me to my knees. I stumbled forward a few steps and grasped a steel post for support. After my breathing steadied, I tried breaking down the memory. If there was something, then it had to be to the southwest. I headed in that direction.
The task was daunting. I was facing acres of industrial ruin, dumps and a wasteland of pollution. There were rumors that these abandoned sites contained secret caches of deadly chemicals that for decades had leaked into the groundwater. The council didn’t want to know about it and the state didn’t want to acknowledge it, though every few years the federal regulators tried to prod some action into the local authorities—without success. For the next two hours I wove my way through this toxic labyrinth.
My watch said 2:38 as I was rounding a huge stack of rusting steel trusses salvaged from the old Thornton Bridge. From time to time I had to snap on the narrow beam flashlight to find my footing in the tangle of cables and metal parts. I was approaching a building from the back that was in better shape than most I had passed. I paused at a corner and took bearings. The slaughterhouse was about 300 yards to my right, bathed in light, and ahead was the darkened street. I tensed against the expected pain and blinked into the paranormal. A jagged white light lit up the inside of my skull and I hissed loudly with the stab that went with it. In the aftermath, my mouth tasted of rotten orange juice. I spat to get rid of the taste. Again there had been nothing extra.
Watching my feet, I went along the side of the building, nearing a tall truck door that still seemed secure. I was cutting across the concrete approach lane when I noticed an oddity. The path crossed a soft spot, and impressed into the soil were distinctive tire marks. I shone my light on them, bent over to examine the find. The contours and ridges were still sharp, so these were recent imprints. Unquestionably they led to the door and into the building, or was it the other way around? Don’t get distracted, I told myself, but if I was looking for some unknown thing, for something out of place, this was mysterious enough to investigate. I went to the large door and tested the handle. It was locked. I followed the building around, turned the corner to the front, and walked until I found a narrow window. The glass was broken and crunched underfoot. I had no difficulty slipping through sideways into the dark interior. I shone my light around, finding myself in an office space. I waded through the debris toward the far side. The door was jammed and required all my strength to push through, trying to make as little noise as possible. The other side opened into a high, cavernous space, partitioned into some sort of manufacturing, warehousing and loading areas. I headed toward the east end where the truck entrance was.
I snapped my flashlight on and off as I negotiated a jumble of machinery. In spite of my best efforts I was making noise, crushing glass or hooking myself on loose wires. I moved by a line of tall machines that cut off my view. The aisle led me on, and occasionally I bumped into something solid. I swore. Suddenly, I was in the open facing the loading bay. In the middle sat an eighteen wheeler. Even in the dim light streaming through the high-placed windows, the rig looked shiny and new. I approached cautiously. What had I stumbled onto? A smuggling operation? Whatever it was, I wasn’t looking for it. Still, I stole up on the truck, working my way to the front. I was going by the chrome grill when I stopped dead in my tracks. I could feel the heat radiating through the metal mesh. The engine had been on just an hour ago. But the tracks in the mud were days old. What did that mean?
I circled the truck, looking for a clue. To what? I didn’t know. There was no other sign of activity. The tires were cold to the touch, and so were the brake drums. The truck had not moved, just had the engine on. What was a truck doing in an otherwise deserted building? You fool, of course it had to be stolen. Well, I turned away, I had other fish to fry; it was high time I got the hell out of there. I started backing away.
But I was too late. A sharp pain exploded through my head, and for a split second I thought I had blinked again, but a second implosion darkened my world completely.

*****

The first thing I noticed when I came to was that I was seated and my hands were tied behind my back. I groaned as a wave of pain washed through me. My head felt twice its normal size and lolled about my neck heavily. I cracked open my eyes and harsh light flooded in. For a long second my sight wavered then settled into focus. I groaned again.
Looking around I realized I was inside the truck. The long space was furnished rather comfortably with plush upholstered furniture, a compact kitchen area and a dinette section. A door led presumably to a bathroom and a bedroom beyond. I groaned, trying to free myself from the ache that was pounding through my head. Just then a rather unimpressive man came through the door, smiled possessively in my direction and hurried over to me. He checked my bonds, stepped in front of me and peered into my face.
“Tex?” I croaked.
“Tex? Not at all. Randolph Thiessen-Hill the Third, at your service,” he said in a pleasant conversational tone. “Can you imagine my parents naming me that? Even my closest friends called me Randy from the very beginning. A few at least have learned to regret that.” For a moment his face was transformed by cruel lines, then it eased back into a more civilized expression. “You may call me Sandy.”
I could not believe it. How could this undersized, nondescript man be the monster I knew him to be? I looked away and moaned to hide the fact that I had sent a quick feeler into his mind. I was prepared for an onslaught of pain, but to my surprise, found the slaughterhouse signal much attenuated. The truck—it must be the truck, I surmised. The metal shell had shielded the signals, both ways, coming or going. No wonder I couldn’t feel him! It was a coincidence after all that he found this shelter in the shadow of the slaughterhouse. But my logic thought otherwise. Nowhere else in the city were there so many opportunities to hide a large truck like this, among all the dilapidated buildings and abandoned industrial properties. This strange convergence astounded me.
Tex—that is Randolph—was watching me, amused. “The real question is who are you? You don’t exactly look like a vagrant searching for a place to hole up in. Perhaps a scavenger, hunting to salvage something of value. But we both know that all the more expensive metals were stripped from this place a long time ago. All that’s left is decay.” His eyes were sharp, questioning. “You might even be searching for me. Less likely I admit, but nonetheless possible.” He seemed to be enjoying himself, savoring the uncertainty, the challenge. “No matter, we’ll soon get it out of you.” I didn’t like the way he said that.
I had already sensed a depth of cunning behind those eyes studying me. Like a good predator, he was watching his quarry, learning its ways, marking weaknesses and strengths. He would know his victim before pouncing, and he would play before finishing it off. It would not be enough for him to destroy me; he would take me apart bit by bit. I shuddered. 
“Who are you?” He squinted at me. “Don’t tell me. I like finding things out for myself. I have my own methods.” He smiled, pleased with himself.
I looked around the place more carefully. It seemed to have everything for a comfortable stay except windows giving a view to the outside. There were a few eyelets on the ceiling, a few on the walls to anchor fasteners. The chair I was sitting on was of heavy construction, and my arms and legs were secured tightly to it. I strained against the restraints, testing their firmness. My background thoughts were screaming, where are you Sarah? There was not one sign of her.
“How do you like my rolling fun mobile? I have been to every state of the union except Alaska and the islands,” he said in congenial tones laced with a touch of pride. The words also hid an invitation to admire his meticulous style, a conceit that craved recognition and praise. Could this ego ever be satisfied? Probably not. The victim was also studying the hunter. I already knew that the kill would be slow and painful by incremental degrees, layered and sculpted by an expert who had long studied his art.
With such a horrible fate waiting for me, why was I so detached? I wondered at myself. The clock on the DVD player showed 3:18—it would be hours before people would come looking for me. 
“I have introduced myself, but what are you called? We are going to get to know each other well, so first names would be appropriate. I prefer to be called Sandy.” The face seemed genuinely interested in establishing a first name connection.
“Travis,” I croaked, annoyed with the weak sound of my voice; I wanted to show strength. My only course for the moment was to resist, draw the time out. I knew he was in no hurry as long as he did not feel threatened or cornered. I would have to come up with a believable pretence to lull him into complacency. “What do you want from me?” I croaked again.
“The truth.”
“I spotted your truck... wanted to see if I could steal it.” I licked my lips nervously, acting out my part. “I can get twenty G’s for it... if it’s in good condition.”
“Twenty. That much?” I could see he didn’t swallow all of it, but for the moment it seemed enough: it accounted for my presence here. “Well I have had a long night of it already; it’s time for me to rest.” Sandy stretched lazily then stepped behind me. I felt his arms go around my neck; he cradled my head and tightened his hold. I felt a pressure on the side of my neck and within seconds the world slipped into darkness.


Chapter 18

When I came to, I felt a vibration; we were moving. I was pushed against the side of the chair as the truck made a long turn to the right, then picked up speed. There was no engine noise or noise from anything. The soundproofing was perfect. Whatever happened on the inside would stay inside.
I shook the cobwebs out of my head, trying to concentrate. Sandy had put me out with an expert sleeper hold, cut off the blood to my brain and I had dropped off like a stone. Now he was taking the truck to a safer place: I could have accomplices, so he was putting distance between his previous location. The clock now showed 3:52, so he could have been driving for the past half hour. Which direction was he taking? I closed my eyes and tried to intuit, but as I had found before, the steel shell of the truck prevented me. I sensed toward the bedroom. I found the partition porous, so pressed through it. There was a small bedroom/bathroom combo and a small storage space beyond. There was a presence there—Sarah! Or what had been Sarah. The essence had shrunk into a tight core of fear and hurt. I winced as I made contact. I channeled as much reassurance and strength as I could into the message and felt an awakening spark, but it winked out fast as I let go.
I felt the truck slow, make a tight turn then back up to a shuddering halt. The engine vibration ceased; we had arrived at wherever we were. I waited tensely for what would follow. For long minutes nothing did. Then a pressure change as a door opened and closed without any noise. Sandy came through the inner door smiling. “We have a temporary home again in the country. Surrounded by nature and fresh air, without pesky nosy neighbors.” I wondered how long it had taken him to scout out these places. He probably had the next one already lined up. Sandy seemed a very thorough sort of a guy. “Now I really need to sleep,” he said taking a long drink of ice water by the fridge. “There is a potty built into the chair beneath you, so if you need to go, feel free to use it. I have cut the seat off your pants so there is nothing to prevent you. There is no need to thank me; it’s all part of the service.” He put the glass into the sink and went to the back door. He gave me a searching last look before he disappeared through it.
Left to myself I took stock of my desperate situation. I was at his mercy, bound fast, unable to move an inch. My muscles were aching from the unnatural pose I was fixed in. I had nothing except my intelligence to fight with. I had to devise some strategy to survive, but what? Give him what he wants? Or resist him? What would serve me best? And what about Sarah? In any case, I had few options to worry about. I was tired and soon fell asleep.
I woke at 7:15, tortured by cramps. I had not moved all night and the pressure points were all raw; I squirmed, trying to ease them. If Amanda took my instructions I left in my note seriously, then she would already have contacted Maclure and Smythe about my absence. But then what? At best they would find my car parked in an industrial wasteland, but Tex, that is Sandy, would have already moved to a new location somewhere in the country. How were they to find me here?
It was diabolically clever of Sandy to have a mobile base of operation that he could move at the first sign of trouble. Maclure and Smythe would not be looking for a truck. I hadn’t.
I closed my eyes and concentrated with all my might to break through the steel shell of the truck. Though I had a sensation of surrounding farmland and a wood lot, I couldn’t achieve the distance to make contact with Amanda. At the very least, she would be expecting me to, and wouldn’t understand my silence. I tried to launch, but couldn’t pass through the metal.
Surrounded by quiet, I was suspended in the midst of an already suspended world. There was no core of reality in all this. It made no sense that I had extrasensory abilities; it made no sense that I was in the middle of this bizarre play, the end of which had not been written yet. Nothing was normal here. I was helpless, with little expectation of help from the outside.
I tried to make contact with Sarah. But, perhaps thankfully, she was not awake. Had she any reserves left? Could she be an ally, or just an added burden for me? Too many questions, too few answers.
At 8:17, the door opened and Sandy appeared, looking forward to a good day. He came over and checked my bonds then settled in the kitchen. He poured out cereal in a bowl and added milk, which he brought to me. He released my left hand, set the bowl in my lap and motioned for me to eat. “You’d best make use of it. You’ll need your strength.” For what, I shuddered. He poured himself a bowl and munched contentedly on it. Apparently he would also need strength.
I found it difficult to eat left-handed, dribbling milk over myself.
Sandy snapped on the TV, scanned the local news, but turned it off as soon as the headline items indicated nothing new in the progress of the Decharme murder investigation. Obviously he was not into sports.
Finished with breakfast, Sandy came over, took my bowl and refastened my hand. I resisted just enough to test his strength; for his size, he seemed strong enough.
Sandy pulled up a chair, set it in front of me, sat down, leaned forward and inspected me. He smiled his trademark smile and declared, “I guess it is time we get to know each other better.”
“What do you want? You can’t hold me like this. I have rights.” I had thought through this script, to continue pretending to be a thief, who wouldn’t want the police involved. “What say we forget this ever happened? You go your way and I go mine.”
“I can’t do that. You see, no one knows that I even exist, and that’s how I like it. I leave no footprints behind. You’ve seen me, my face, heard my voice and been inside my truck. That’s already too much knowledge. I just couldn’t sleep well at night.”
“What? You wouldn’t kill me just for that...?”
“Maybe yes... maybe no. I haven’t made up my mind yet. It all depends...”
“On what?”
“On the understanding we’ll reach.” I could sense his mode of operation already; leave all doors open a crack, have the victim find a ray of hope in the ambiguity.
“You’re not going to hurt me?” I said hopefully.
“I’m afraid so.” He seemed genuinely sad. “You see I have a few unresolved issues I need your help with. Hurts that never healed, injuries that fester and keep poisoning me.”
“What do you want me to do?”
“Do the hurting for me. You see, I have been hurt so much in my life already that I’m too full of it. Can’t stand it anymore. Yet I deserve to hurt. I deserve to be dead. So I find it helps when someone else is doing the hurting for me.”
“That is crazy!”
“Possibly. In fact, more than likely. But there we have it and so it is.”
“But why...?” I had to find out more about this wounded beast. Find something to turn to my advantage.
“My parents never loved me.” He made a distasteful face. “I know it sounds like a cliché, but sadly, it’s all too true. My dear father wasn’t the least bit interested in me and my mother even less so. They spawned me because my grandfather wrote me in his will to ensure the continuance of our line. No me, no inheritance, it was as simple as that. So my parents brought me into the world and then forgot about me. I was fobbed off on a loser, who avenged his own bad treatment by taking it out on me. For years he sexually abused me, beat me, demeaned me in every way his limited imagination suggested.” His expression turned bitter. “And the good, decent folks,” he scoffed, “looked the other way and let it happen. Society claims that children are our most valued asset. Bull! No one lifted a hand to help me.” Angrily he slapped his thigh and his face hardened into a dark mask. “But I swear I’ll pay them back for every indignity.”
Sandy’s frown transformed gradually into a gloating smirk. “That went on until I turned fourteen... It took my minder a very long time to die, and I paid back every ignominy with interest. There was not enough of him to find afterward.”
He looked off into a corner, remembering. “Then it was my mother’s turn. She was a good looking woman, but vain as a peacock. She spent all her time preening herself. Not a thought for me, not a kind gesture. She could have been beautiful, had she not indulged herself so much. Sad, really sad. She had so little self-control. I had too much. I took my time, injected her with infected material and watched her develop a flesh-eating disease. The doctors couldn’t understand why their treatment didn’t work; how come that time and time again she got re-infected. I switched her medication, suppressed her immune system to help her sickness along. Month after month I watched her beauty consumed, the flesh eaten away by degrees. I made sure there were plenty of mirrors for her to hide from. All under the guise of helping her, I never let her forget what she lost, her youth, beauty and vanity. She died, half from that plague, half from her own narcissistic despair.”
Sandy laughed a maniacal laugh. “Then to father. He was too easy. He liked women and it wasn’t hard to hook him up with a prostitute infected with AIDS. But that alone was not enough for me. He liked to gamble, but only if he could manipulate the odds in his favor. He cheated whenever he could. I betrayed him to the gambler he fleeced and the man broke every joint on both my father’s hands. He couldn’t hold a card after that or anything else. He died in squalor, in a back alley somewhere, either of AIDS or poisoned by cheap wine.
“But the sad thing was that it wasn’t enough. There was no redemption for me in their deaths. It only made my hurt more painful. So... so I had to kill them over and over again to get the pressure off my soul, so I could breathe—to exist.” His eyes misted up as he invited me to share his pathos. “ If that’s crazy, then I am.
“That is why I need people like you. You can bleed for me. Express the anguish I can’t feel. I have no more tears left to cry with. Just by looking at me, you would not think me capable of all that. Yet I have made a career of it.” He got up, took a gizmo from a shelf. He came back and showed it to me. A thing with dials and wires.
“This is my toy. An electric prod of sorts. Somewhat refined to allow infinite variations of voltage and amps. It can be set to tickle all the way to fry. Clean, antiseptic, no blood - no gore, just pure unadulterated pain. To reach every part of your body... deep inside your body.” He plugged it into a wall outlet. He clipped a wire to my ankle brace and touched the rod to my shoulder. The thing crackled and snapped, and sparks jumped into my flesh, burning me.
“Ajjh!” I yelped in pained surprise. All my muscles on that side contracted violently. The current flowed from my shoulder, down my body and legs, out through the ankle brace. He took the rod away and my whole side went slack, tingling painfully.
“That was just a low setting. But we want to start easy and work up to it.” I started sweating. I rattled my bonds, impotently. “Oh don’t worry yet. I’m not in a hurry. The real pain will come later.” He sat back, fingering the thing tenderly. “Tell me a little about yourself.”
I stayed quiet; I didn’t want to surrender too easily.
“I could give you a real jolt now, but we have time. I have nothing else to do. Believe me a little pain is better than the boredom of having too little to do.” He pressed a button, and sparks flew from an electrode. I got the point. “Now what is your full name?”
“Travis James Howard.”
“Glad to meet you, Travis,” he said with scrupulous politeness. I knew it was part of the stage setting. Look civilized to hide the depravity. The Nazis used fake shower rooms to gas the Jews. Sandy pretended a cultured facade for the same reason, to give the prey false hope. Or just to savor the irony.
I looked at the clock, 11:42. Where were Maclure and Smythe?
“But I’m neglecting my other responsibilities.” Sandy got up, disappeared into the back bedroom and returned shortly, shepherding a waif-like figure into view. Sarah! I could hardly recognize the vivacious girl from the family photographs. Her face was confused, twisted up in fear. Her blonde hair was disheveled and matted. Her eyes flew about, searching for safety. He pushed her and she cringed. She wore only panties, her chest covered by burnt marks from the prod.
“This is Sarah,” he introduced her, then me. “Sarah, meet Travis. Our new traveling companion.” Her eyes rolled over me but there was no comprehension in them. He placed a chair near the opposite wall, pushed her onto it and locked the chain from her right wrist into an eyelet in the wall.
“I’m afraid Sarah has used up all her social skills. She barely responds anymore. I keep warning her that if she has no more entertainment value, I’ll be forced to terminate her contract. But it was fun while it lasted.” In the manner of people who grew up with no one to talk to, he continued a constant self-dialogue. He didn’t need any answers, just an audience to aim his monologues at. But I could not let him control everything.
“It’s sad that you had such a difficult childhood...” I suspected he would be inured to recriminations, to appeals for compassion, begging for mercy. But had anyone tried sympathy?
“Difficult doesn’t come close to it. It was HELL!” Sandy’s eyes focused on me and I wondered if I had made a mistake. “Were you loved, Travis?”
“Yes. I believe so.”
“Believe or know?”
“I know so,” I said firmly. What was he looking for? Agreement? Disagreement? He was trapped in some ritualized dance of destruction. Revenge was perhaps the only purpose left in his life. But the people who caused his pain were now beyond his reach. We were all stand-ins for them. “Forgiveness is the only way out of the darkness and torment of such hell.” I dared to offer up the platitude, to see which way he would run with it. He could zap you, you fool!
“Forgiveness?” Was he really considering it? “One-sided? Unilateral? Think there is closure in that? A real resolution?” He screwed up his face theatrically and I knew he was playing me. What was he getting at? He smiled evilly. “I will give you a chance to practice forgiveness.”
He made a few adjustments to his black box, attached a clip to Sarah’s ankle brace and zapped her breast. She grew rigid as the jolt hit her and she cried out in pain.
“Where would you like the next one, Sarah?” he asked solicitously. “In the shoulder? On the knee?” Sarah shook her head, confused.
“Or maybe both places?” he leaned over to her, face punitive, the wand approaching her.
“The knee... the knee,” she gasped and started trembling.
“The knee it is,” he said, as if satisfying a customer’s whim. The current went into her and she screamed.
“That was just a warm up,” he promised. He then attached a second electrode to each of us. “I will now give you both a switch with which you can deflect your pain onto the other. We’ll see how that works out. And if forgiveness has any role in it.”
He pushed a button, and pain hit us both. Sarah pressed her switch, routing her current into me. My teeth ground themselves together, and my body convulsed under the double onslaught. My finger tightened on the trigger, but with difficulty I held off, absorbing the pain. He turned the machine off and I collapsed like a limp rag. Across from me, Sarah was still pressing her switch convulsively, her terror-filled eyes aimed at me. A new jolt coursed through me and all my muscles stiffened instantly. Still, I refused to press my switch. Sarah never let go of hers. Twice more Sandy jolted me, each time longer at higher pain levels. I held back, but didn’t know how long I could.
“Impressive,” Sandy said. “But that’s enough for now; we don’t want to get ahead of ourselves. There has to be a proper learning curve. But I must say Sarah has been a disappointment. It was much more fun to entice her from her family.” His face mirrored a pleased recollection. He leaned close to her, inserting his face into her vision. “You still like me Sarah, don’t you?” The girl stared at him, uncomprehending. He asked her again, trying to penetrate the fog of her confusion. Her eyes flew about, looking for a way out. “Sarah!” he hissed a warning, “You do like me?! Still?” He reached for the controls of the shock box.
“Yes!.. Yes!” Sarah gasped out, but she didn’t know what she was answering; she was only aware of his finger on the actuator.
“Good girl,” he praised, as one would a dog, but there was contempt mixed in his tone. He threw me a triumphant look. The implication was not lost on me: you too will be reduced to blubbering jelly. He disconnected the leads from her, and the girl slumped back against the wall with relief. “No more hurt for now,” he said to her. He stroked her hair with tender, comforting caresses. Was he consoling himself, as a child? His face seemed to vacillate between sympathy and harshness.
Sandy then turned to me and his mouth tightened. “Now tell me again, Travis, how you were loved as a child. I never was.” He pushed the shocker and the current jabbed through me like a hot knife. I yelped. After half a second, he turned it off. “Yes, Travis, tell me what a happy, generous family you have. My parents could only serve themselves.” The current was back, like punctuation to his monologue. “How you grew up in your parents’ tender, loving care. What sacrifices they made to fulfill your needs. How they tried to give you everything. I got nothing but hurt and humiliation.” And each time the current ripped through me, stretching me between the restraints at wrists and ankles. There was no answer required, just the pain to endure. He let up and I crumpled, panting.
“But that is really enough for now,” he said to himself. “Time to put the toys away.” He replaced the shock box, untied and jostled Sarah toward the back. With just a hand around the back of her neck he steered her through the door. I closed my eyes and followed them, sensing a pale yellow flicker of scorn from him and an unpleasant green-brown of anxiety from her.
He was more careful with me. He linked my arms and legs before he uncoupled me from the chair. He pulled the chains tight so I could hardly move again. He dragged me to my feet and pushed me toward the back. My muscles ached from being confined so long and I shuffled painfully along. “Sorry, but I need to go out and shop and have to lock you up securely while I’m gone.” As we went by the kitchenette I threw a desperate look at the clock, 2:28. It was hard to remember whether it was a.m. or p.m.
He shoved me through a small bedroom. Against the back wall he pushed a latch and a well-concealed panel opened, revealing a hole about four feet high. He pushed me down into the cubicle. “You can yell all you like, pound the walls if you must; the place is well insulated. There is a bucket in the corner for your convenience. Try to rest until I get back.” The panel slid shut, leaving me in the dark. Exploring, I measured the space. Four by four by four. I was squeezed into a 64 square foot box, unable to stretch out. Presumably Sarah was on the other side of the partition in a similar confinement.
I settled down on the hard floor, thinking furiously. There was no way of reasoning with this guy. All his actions had become habitual, hardwired into his brain. He could do nothing else but what he was compelled to. His sole raison d’être was to re-enact his childhood maltreatment and the revenge that grew out of it. As the director in this diabolical play, he was careful and methodical, always making sure we were secure, always under his tight control.
What did I have to fight him? ESP could not help me, not unless I could operate telekinesis, move objects with my mind, but I couldn’t or hadn’t done anything like that in the past. Manipulate him? Feed him emotions directly into his mind? Defuse his aggression somehow? Arouse compassion... were such things even possible? I had little experience with my abilities and didn’t know their limits.
What other resources did I have? Strength of character perhaps. But would that be enough to withstand the systematic application of pain the psychopath was intending? Was my family’s affection enough to sustain me? Could I draw strength from Amanda’s love? Assuredly... but enough to prevail? For survival alone would not be sufficient to stop this monster.
And what about Sarah? She had become helpless, afraid even of his shadow. One word from him and she caved, one gesture and she folded. Was there yet a spark of resistance left in her? Weak as she was, I needed her. I pressed my head against the steel wall, reached for the other side, penetrating just enough to find her, a mass of confusion, fear and anxiety. I beamed reassurance at her: “I’m here, Sarah, and I’ll help you. You are not alone. We’ll get through this together.” I spoke to focus my intent, to generate the feelings I was pumping into her. Slowly, her fear subsided and like a fog clearing, her confusion dissipated. The erratic spikes settled into a more regular brain rhythm. “Sleep now, Sarah, save your strength.” I repeated the message, aiming these consoling thoughts at her, confident that the positive emotions were getting through. She calmed and fell asleep. Following my own advice I slept too.

I woke to the opening of the panel. I squinted at Sandy’s silhouette backlit by the bedroom light.
“Come on out, Travis. It’s time to resume your education.”
“And what do you have to teach me?” I asked with resentful sarcasm.
“That life is not fair. That there is no real justice in the world. That a thin fabric of civilization barely covers the violence beneath. Take your pick. As always, what a student chooses to learn depends on what he is willing to accept as the truth.” He held a Taser in his hand while he made sure I was secure. He dragged me into the living room and tied me into the chair. He got the shock box, plugged it in and attached a lead to my ankle brace. He caressed the contraption, setting levels.
“This is a wonderful instrument. It allows me to administer the appropriate punishment with no effort. All I have to do is turn this dial and push this button. Very simple really. I don’t even break into a sweat.” He pushed the button to demonstrate and I snapped tight.
“Did your parents ever forget your birthday? My parents forgot I was ever born.”
“Never.” He zapped me, the jolt bouncing around in me, arcing from the point of contact down to my left ankle.
“Do you believe in God?”
“Of course.” The current slammed through me again.
“Do you believe in the devil?”
“Now I do.” He zapped me an extra long time for that irreverent answer. In fact, he zapped me regardless of the question or the answers, varying only the duration and/or the intensity. I didn’t know how to earn a respite. The end result was the same—more electricity.
I couldn’t comprehend how my pain could satisfy him. Well, I understood but I just couldn’t accept it. Between jolts, I touched his mind, trying to find a clue, but could make little sense of what I found. Parts of his mind were overexcited, while other parts were quite dead. What did that mean?
“Do you have a girlfriend?”
“Nooooo,” I yelped as the sparks drilled into me.
“Really? I find that hard to believe. You are too good-looking a guy not to arouse interest.” He cocked his head this way and that, puzzling over it.
“I used to have, but not at the moment.” There was no way I was going to drag Amanda into this. The pain flashed across my chest and down my leg.
More questions followed, and in spite of my answers, pain was always the consequence. It was obvious he liked to see me squirm in agony. There was a coy pause before he pushed the button. His face became flushed and his nostrils quivered. I gritted my teeth and concentrated on weathering the onslaught. How much pain did he need? How much was enough? It seemed to last a lifetime. The glut eventually drained him. Satiated, like after a big meal, he fell asleep right in front of me.
I watched his face, trying to gain a sense of him. Any expression was wiped clear, his mouth drooped, and his nose quivered. For the first time he looked almost human, not like the monster that jumped into his face when awake. I was looking at evil, though the face bore no marks of it. We all wear masks, I rationalized, but his should have shown a few cracks. Asleep, he looked so ordinary.
I was tortured by cramps induced by the electric jolts. With difficulty I settled myself and concentrated on Sandy’s mind while I had a chance; I probed gently, careful not to rouse him. As before, I found parts of his mind dark. When I touched certain of these inactive parts, he groaned and squirmed in obvious discomfort, and time and again I confirmed it. Was this where the memories of childhood were banished, safely isolated from the rest? I didn’t know. As gently as I could, I mapped out this area.
He woke with a start, immediately vigilant. I pretended to be dozing, but kept watching him through half-closed eyes. He stood up, stretched and went to the back. In minutes he returned dragging Sarah by the hair. He didn’t even bother with chains for her. He hauled her to the opposing chair and fastened her to the wall. He went to the kitchenette and made sandwiches. He gave us each one, peanut butter and jam, a combo I hadn’t had since childhood. I didn’t feel like eating but forced myself. He had freed my left hand so I could feed myself. I didn’t hurry, not anxious to resume my education.
“Eat!” he was yelling at Sarah. Shaking with fright, she stuffed a bite into her mouth and nearly choked. He pounded her on the back, calling her a stupid cunt.
He turned to me, “You wouldn’t know it from the way she looks now, but she used to be a pretty girl. Good enough to eat. But now...” he waved his hands in disgust. “I don’t think...” he looked at me speculatively. “You want to sample her?” He looked from me to her and back. “We could clean her up a bit.” But it didn’t stir his interest enough and he let it drop. Instead he attached us again, giving us each a switch. “You know the drill; press the trigger to shunt your electricity into the other.” He pushed the button; Sarah jerked her trigger, sending a double jolt into me. I refused to play his game. Again, he cranked up the volume and shocked me again. Sarah was crying but wouldn’t let go of the trigger. Sandy let up for me to recover. I was panting and sweat was pouring off me, making me an even better conductor.
“Are we having fun yet?” he leered at us. Again the electricity came and I could no longer remember if it was the fifth or sixth round.
“You’re a fool for taking all the punishment onto yourself. Don’t think that she’d do the same for you.” I sent some reassuring thoughts to Sarah, trying to calm her fears. The pain erupted again, and part of my mind was busy trying to shunt it aside into a dark unused recess. The other part was still trying to reach Sarah to give her strength. Five or six times the pain came and went, like waves of the ocean rolling onto shore then withdrawing with the undertow.
“You fool! If you activate your trigger, both triggers will be on, cancelling the electricity to both of you...” But I knew he was lying. If I used the trigger once, I might not have the strength not to use it again. He zapped, but to both our surprise, this time Sarah took her share of the pain. And the next time.
“Interesting...” Sandy muttered, cranking up the level, hitting us again. Both of us cried out and shook in the grip of electricity. But I didn’t care; I had such a sense of victory. “Good girl, Sarah. Keep fighting it!” Four more times he hit us, but each time we took our own quota.
“Tell you what, Travis. If you don’t hit her with half the pain, then I’ll hit her with double the amount. You can save her half the agony.”
I just shook my head. That was the devil’s game; temptation to lead me by degrees into the sin of commission. “You do what you have to do. I won’t.” It tore me apart to watch Sarah racked by an extra dose of pain that convulsed her. Sandy made the offer again, but I still refused. He turned up the strength and zapped her. She screamed. But I had no choice; if I accepted responsibility for her pain, I would be fully guilty of it. The best way to stop it was not to start. I bit my lip and suffered through her pain. After two more attempts he gave up.
I sent warm, encouraging feelings to Sarah and was rewarded by the cowed expression leaving her face. There was a determined set to her mouth. Together we can do it, I sent. I knew that the words didn’t get through but the underlying emotions did. I was jubilant. I realized that the absolute urgency of our situation had focused my messages, made them clear to her.
Sandy came back with a drink in his hands which he sipped thoughtfully. “You know, Travis, Sarah is a beautiful girl. Almost innocent. I give her to you. To do as you want. Use her. Take pleasure in her. Whatever you want. Kill her even... if that would please you.” I just shook my head. “Never in your life will you get another such offer. Just say the word and she is yours. No one will stop you or prevent you in here. And no one will know.” He walked to her and stroked her hair. “I had her and she is good. Very accommodating.” And he laughed.
I didn’t need to caution myself not to give in to his mind-games; he was false through and through, there was not a drop of decency in him. His only interest was to debase her and corrupt me. I sent more positive waves toward her and I could feel her gaining courage.
The clock said 4:56 on the stove display. Where were Maclure and Smythe? Even though they didn’t know where I was, irrationally I still expected them to rescue me. Trussed up as I was, I could do nothing for myself.
Tiring of his games, Sandy took Sarah back into the little cell and stashed me away next. It was a relief to be back, reminding me of feeling safe in my jail cell out of range of the vigilante feelings in the community. I stretched as much as a 4x4x4 would let me, easing my tortured muscles. I felt I was making progress. I had successfully resisted all of Sandy’s inducements and gained a valuable ally in Sarah. The girl was recovering her nerve bit by bit. I pressed my head against the wall, concentrated on sending her messages. “You’re not alone. I’m with you,” over and over again.
I tried Amanda too, but the signal that escaped the steel cage was so weak it just dwindled. Still, to comfort myself, I pretended to be in contact with her. I needed her love to survive this. “Amanda.” I formed the thought and hurled it at the wall. An instant echo returned, ricocheting between the walls. I tried again only to have 90 percent rebound and die bouncing around. Maybe about 10 percent got through but decayed rapidly outside. I was already at maximum, so I couldn’t increase the signal strength any more. Was there something else I could do? Perhaps. Just like on the swing, add a little to each swing, building up momentum.
“Amanda!” I threw at the wall, then added “Amanda” again to the echo, with each rebound building up amplitude. Was I really at 300 percent strength as it seemed to me, with 30 percent actually getting through? I didn’t know if that would be enough, but it gave me hope.
Then I wondered again if it was day or night and it unsettled me that I didn’t know. In middle of such worries I fell into an exhausted sleep.


Chapter 19

Next morning Sandy got me and dragged me to the front room, installing me in the chair. He was careful to have me under control and left me no opening to take advantage of. Sarah was there already in her chair, her right arm attached to the wall. Sandy unlocked my left hand and again gave me a bowl of porridge with brown sugar. Obviously he wasn’t worried about serving a balanced diet. I ate slowly, mechanically.
I tested Sarah. She seemed fresh. I tested him and found a concise determination there, but for what purpose I couldn’t tell. His motions were direct, not preoccupied. He came to some decision last night, I surmised. He took our dishes back to the sink then returned to get his black box. He sat down between us and gave us both significant looks. I knew something was coming—something that I would not like.
“I have decided that Sarah has outlived her value and it’s time for her to go,” he said in that smooth voice of his, as if talking of the weather. “But I won’t kill her.” He attached the leads, hooking us into that deadly link of circuitry. He pushed a spike electrode into the base of Sarah’s neck. She was transfixed by surprise, hardly cried out. “No, I won’t kill her. But you will, Travis, or die yourself. I set the timer for 30 seconds, at the end of which a lethal pulse will go through the wires, and if you don’t push the trigger this time, you will both die.” He pressed the trigger into my hand. My fingers closed around the switch—to push or not to push? He smiled evilly, relishing my predicament. Sarah started to sob, her frame shaking convulsively.
“What can I do? What should I do?” raced desperately around in my head.
“Ready?” he asked cheerfully, as if asking for our consent. His face was overcast by the tension of anticipation. His finger paused over the button, ready to start the deadly countdown. He was savoring the moment; someone would die but he, he would still be alive.
“No!” exploded out of me.
“Well that is too bad,” he said and pushed the button. The display started counting backward the remaining seconds. Sandy leaned in close to me, peered into my face, trying to read the conflict playing out in my eyes. But my mind was frozen as the numbers clicked down. It was already at 18. What to do?!!... 17... I sent a quick probe to Sarah... 16... listen, just listen... 15... it will be all right... 14... do exactly as I tell you... 13... when I tell you... 12... calm yourself... 11... listen and do... 10... exactly... 9... was any of this getting through?... 8... trust me... 7... and do... 6... exactly on zero… 5... I formed pictures in my mind... 4... I beamed instruction at her, amplified by the urgency... 3... please... 2... do it... 1... NOW!
“Zero!” Sandy yelled in full excitement. I sent a bolt into the dark area of his brain, turning all his excruciating childhood memories on at once, paralyzing him. His eyes ripped wide open, his mouth stretched with a stifled scream.
I heard the electric relay snap shut; at the same time I pushed my trigger and saw Sarah rip her lead out of her neck and stab its pointy end into Sandy’s chest, as I had visualized for her to do. I stomped my foot on his and held it there. The electricity hit and we all convulsed together, the current shaking us like rag dolls. But whereas Sarah and I got the edge of it, the full power of the current went through Sandy. He jerked and shook, had time to scream out a strangled cry. The flow went through his chest cavity, snaked across his abdomen, down his left leg, and through my ankle iron, continuously. In a moment, smoke rose from the lead in his chest, his skin started blistering; his blood began seething as bundles of his nerve fibers burned up. In another second his eyeballs started boiling. The fillings in his teeth started dripping and the muscles on his arm pulled the joints of his elbows apart. He was tearing himself to pieces. The fuse burned through and the current ceased instantly. Released from electrical bondage, we all collapsed.
Sandy was still alive, smoke rising from his mouth, his tongue swollen, choking off the last bit of air, face turning purple-green. Yet his eyes rolled crazily in his head and inarticulate curses sounded in his throat. He was dying slowly, painfully. One more gasp of air, one more dry heave of the chest, then he was still, his hair smoking. The air was full of the sickening smell of his scorched flesh.
My ankle felt like it was on fire and I hissed in pain. We had also been hit by the charge around our ankles, I worse off than Sarah because I had completed the circuit for him. But by God, we were still alive, Sarah and I. Between us lay the burned body of our tormentor, lifeless.
“Are you all right Sarah?”
“I... I... I don’t know.”
Only then did I look beyond our survival. The bastard didn’t give us time before the rush of events. We were both tied securely and if we couldn’t unlock ourselves, we would die chained in that position, slowly of hunger and thirst, wasting away. Sandy had the key to our locks in his pocket, but if we couldn’t retrieve it, then we would be condemned to a lingering death, perhaps worse than his quick exit.
Luckily the overconfident bastard had freed my left arm to let me eat. I leaned forward as far as I could, reaching for him but came up a foot short. It was frustrating; we had delivered ourselves into a new death trap.
I could see that he was out of Sarah’s reach as well. She was attached to the wall by her right arm only ... if she could extend herself, maybe with her foot she could push him over to me. Maybe. I could see that she had recognized our peril and was tugging at her chain in tearful frustration.
“Sarah! Use your leg. Push him towards me.” She stretched herself and nudged him over six inches, but still six inches short.
Damn, the man had been close enough to me that I was part of his deadly circuitry, but his final death throes jerked him out of my reach. Just six inches short. Six inches to safety or six inches to Sarah’s and my deaths. If I couldn’t find a way out... I calmed myself to think.
We were still connected by the wires of his diabolical machine. In his final convulsions he had wrapped himself in their tangle. And one end, the trigger was still in my hand. Would it hold if I pulled? Cautiously I tugged, the wires tensed and tightened around him. Holding my breath, I pulled, dragging the body inch by slow inch over to me. Finally I could reach down, grab a fistful of hair to pull him closer. To my shock the hair broke off in my hand, the brittle strands singed by the electricity. I had to reach and grab him by his nostrils to drag the final inch over to me. My fingers searched his pocket, finding the key.
“Look Sarah! The key.” She started laughing hysterically.
I undid myself and stood up, rubbing my wrist. There was an ugly burn mark around my left ankle, but in the excitement of the moment I hardly felt it. I hurried over to Sarah and fumbling with the key, soon had her free. She grabbed me, held onto me, trembling uncontrollably. She was sobbing and her fingers dug into my back in a desperate attempt to find shelter.
“It’s all right, Sarah, you’re safe. He can’t hurt you anymore...” But then I thought, did she know about her mom? That her rescue came with having to confront the awful truth... and her own role in it? She was the one who had invited Sandy into their lives, through their chance meeting on the Internet. “Shhhh! It’s all right.” But I knew it wasn’t. She had escaped one hell... only to fall into another.
I finally got her to sit on the sofa and gave her a drink of water. I got a cover from the bedroom and draped it over Sandy’s body so she would not have to look at him. Then I quickly examined her. She was only in her panties, her upper body covered with electric burns and there were bruises on her arms and legs. There were no cuts or abrasions. Sandy certainly liked the cleanliness of electricity. My own torso was full of burns and blisters.
I couldn’t find the rest of my clothes, so I got some T-shirts from the closet, put one on and gave one to her. The shirts at least covered up the abuse. I slid into track pants, hissing as the material dragged across my burnt ankle.
I looked for a way out. The door led into a small foyer, with a solid, steel-shuttered outside door. I searched through the keys, trying them in the lock until one finally clicked and turned. We were just a push away from being free. Sarah was beside me, trembling with eagerness to escape. But I froze... my mind working frantically. Sandy was a smart guy, a thorough person who would leave nothing to chance. Nothing—if he could foresee it. Had he foreseen this? An escape? That he would be dead? What diabolical stratagem would he devise then?
“Open it! Open it!” Sarah was pounding with her fist on my back.
“No!” I shoved her away from the door. “There might be a bomb. If we open it without disarming it we could be blown to bits.”
“Oh!” She shrank back, away from me, away from the wall, afraid to touch anything. The more I thought about it the more convinced I became that I was right. The bastard would want the last laugh!
I examined the door carefully, looking for wires but found none. I reasoned, however, that there must be a disarm switch within convenient reach to allow him easy access in or out. In the corner, behind the coat rack, I found a small box with a number pad. Damn! You needed a coded sequence to open the door. But it confirmed my suspicion that the entryway was somehow booby trapped. Now what?
I guided Sarah back into the main room, sat her on the sofa and told her not to touch anything. I went through the truck looking for another way out. There wasn’t any. No windows, no trap doors, nothing. There was only a narrow pipe that went through the ceiling for ventilation.
In the bedroom I found a laptop. I opened it up and turned it on. The screen flickered on brightly and right away it demanded a password. I swore.
I went through the drawers in the kitchen, looking for I didn’t know what. Then the same in the bedroom. Among some socks and T-shirts, I found two cell phones. Eagerly, I pounced on this valuable find. I assumed one to be Sarah’s, the other Sandy’s, which they had used to communicate. Here was a way out! I checked the battery levels, both had juice enough. But both displays showed no-signals. I called Amanda’s number but couldn’t establish a connection. The metal skin was shielding us again. I swore in frustration and kicked a chair out of the way. Sarah started crying and I had to swallow my exasperation to calm her.
There had to be a way of using the phone to communicate. But how? We couldn’t stay trapped in here forever. I stood on a chair and using all my weight, ripped the ventilation pipe free.  Sunshine poured through the hole and I was greatly encouraged. I also found it reassuring to finally find out what time of day it was.
I dialed Amanda’s number, poked the stub of the antenna through the hole and pressed send. The phone rang five times.
“Hello?” Amanda’s guarded voice sounded strange through the speaker phone. Relief washed through me.
“Amanda, this is Travis,” I yelled toward the phone in the hole. “Can you hear me?”
“My God, Travis! Are you all right? Where are you? Where have you been?”
“I’m all right. And Sarah’s all right. He’s dead,” I rattled off. “But we are trapped in his mobile hideaway.”
“Mobile?”
“Yes. Look for an eighteen wheeler Mack truck with a red and yellow cab lugging around a stainless steel container. It says Sandhill Cartage on the side. Unfortunately, I don’t have a license plate number for you.”
“Where should we look?”
“That’s the problem. I don’t know. Somewhere on an abandoned farm, northeast of the city. An out of the way place. Maybe within an hour’s driving distance.”
“That is a large area,” she said.
“You could also try tracing the cell phone I’m using.” I turned to Sarah and asked for her number. “555 7412,” I passed it on.
“555 7412.” There was a pause, and I knew she had a watershed of questions to ask but didn’t know where to begin. I laughed.
“Oh. One more thing. We will need a bomb disposal expert to defuse an explosive device he left us with.”
“A bomb??!”
“I’m afraid so. I think it’s safer to cut through the walls to get us out.”
“Travis, are you sure you’re all right?”
“Dear heart, I’ve never felt better,” I said, overcome with emotion. In the darkest moments of my ordeal, I had held onto her for strength and courage, and now I felt an outpouring of gratitude. “Now hang up. Call Maclure and Smythe to get things going. Make sure you tell them not to come through the front door.” I was all business again. “Then call me back.”
“All right, right away. It’s great to hear you again.” Even through the electronic distortion I could hear the choked up sound of her voice as she struggled with her feelings. I wanted to cry myself. “I’ll call you back.” The line clicked off and I felt alone again. I closed the phone but held it into the hole to receive the expected return call.
In four minutes the call came in, and I flipped the phone open. “Travis? Travis.”
“Here, Maclure.”
“All right, Son, we’re looking for you. Got a description of the truck. We are getting a chopper into the air to search northeast of the city. Smythe is on the other line trying to get a trace on your location. We should have you in a couple minutes.”
“Sounds good. Did Amanda mention the bomb?”
“Yes, she warned you were booby-trapped.”
“I think it will be safest if you cut through the wall. So bring torches or whatever...”
“We have firefighters on the way with the Jaws of Life.”
“Good.”
“What about Tex? Is he really dead?”
“Dead as can be. His real name is Randolph Thiessen-Hill, and he has done this before. All over the country.”
“We’ll see if he is in the computer.”
“I doubt it. He was one clever bastard.” I heard some noises on the other end.
“The cell company has you located just east of Hillsborough, off County Road 11. We’re on the way. You can reach me on mobile 555 8223. Got that?”
“Got it. Thanks, Maclure.” We hung up. Immediately the phone buzzed again.
“Travis? Maclure’s on his way.” Amanda’s voice came through. “Are you really all right? You’re not hiding anything from me?”
“No, Dear. I have a few bruises but nothing much that won’t heal.”
“I... I can’t tell you how horrible these last days have been. Not knowing...” The voice choked up and a lump grew in my throat. “Why didn’t you contact me... you know, mind to mind?” There was a hint of reproach in her tone.
“I tried. Believe me, I tried. But this place is shielded and I couldn’t get through. Once, perhaps, a night ago, I managed a weak contact, but I wasn’t sure.” We talked, trying to reassure each other. The relief and happiness was still tinged with anxiety. We talked around the trauma. I didn’t say anything about the torture and the burn marks; she did not confess going out of her mind with worry. We hung onto each other’s voices like a lifeline—afraid to let go.
I heard the unmistakable muted sound of a helicopter’s approach. I told her I’d call her back, then called Maclure.
“Travis, we’re fifteen minutes from you. We’re patched into the network, so we know the rescue truck is only five minutes away. Captain Henry of the State Police is in charge, and we’re all converging on your location.”
“I can hear the helicopter almost on top of me.”
“Yes, they have you. It just came over the radio. We’ll have you out in a jiffy.” There was excitement in his voice.
“Don’t forget about the bomb.”
“We won’t. Call 555 7803. That’s Captain Henry’s number.” And he hung up.
I called, got a gruff, efficient voice on the phone. “We’re almost there. Have an explosive expert with us. Anything else I should know about?”
I wanted to tell him how grateful I was to have the state and county converging on my rescue, but said only, “No, nothing more.”
“I’ll call you as soon as we have a look-see.” He hung up.
I let my arm drop, tired of holding up the phone into the vent. Sarah sat like a frozen waif on the couch, her hands locked between her legs. Poor girl, how would she get over this?
It wasn’t long before there were a couple of thumps on the side wall. I lifted the phone up again, and immediately heard the ring.
“Yes?”
“All right, Son. We’re here. The expert’s already spotted something suspicious, so we’re coming through the wall. What’s on the inside?”
“Halfway up on the right, facing forward, is a clear space. Watch for wires though. There’s a bank of batteries still with some juice in them, so be careful.”
“Wilco. Stand clear, halfway on the right.”
I heard the high-pitched sound of metal cutting into metal and within minutes the hole was large enough to pass through. I helped Sarah into the arms of a firefighter and climbed through myself. The sun was blindingly bright and it took a minute for my eyes to get used to it. We walked away from the truck. I shook hands with Captain Henry and with all of the firefighters and state troopers I could reach. Yes, I was ecstatic. The ordeal was finally over.
Maclure and Smythe pulled up, and they sprinted over to me.
“Travis, you little brat, it’s good to see you...” Maclure shook my hand so energetically that it reawakened all the aches in my arm from being tied so long. Smythe was pounding my back. I just had this silly grin on from one side of my face to the other. Maclure and Smythe were older than me and in a different stage of life, but after all we had been through, I felt a lot closer to them and had more in common with them than with people I grew up with. “Man, you’re hanging out with cops...” my ex-friend Bobby had exclaimed on our chance meeting. And so it was and I was glad of it.
An ambulance pulled away, taking Sarah to the hospital. We were about a hundred yards from the truck, with only the explosive expert in his bulky protective suit busy around the door. The rest of us watched from behind the cars.
“So he’s dead,” Smythe said. I just nodded. “Who was he?”
“A psychopath. Abused as a child. He has been wreaking revenge ever since. He must have many dozen murders on his conscience... except, he had no conscience. He was a mass of hurt, couldn’t get beyond it.”
“There is no record of Randolph Thiessen-Hill in the national register. Not yet anyway, but there might be something under an alias.”
“I don’t think so. He was brilliant and careful.”
“But he couldn’t beat you, eh Travis?”
“Yeah, in the end, my special abilities killed him.” They exchanged looks, but didn’t query further. I remembered, just at the end, sending a bolt of energy, flooding Sandy’s mind with all his childhood trauma—for that crucial split second—paralyzing him. Then Sarah stabbed him with the electrode, just as instructed, and I routed the full charge into him. I saw him jerking like a puppet on a string, smelled the burning flesh. I shuddered, trying to shed the memory.
It took twenty minutes for the expert to defuse 25 pounds of explosives coupled with incendiary fluid. After that the crime scene guys swarmed all over the truck. Sandy’s body was extracted, evidence was tagged and bagged, and I spent nearly three hours in the command trailer giving a statement. I told everything truthfully, withholding only the paranormal portions.
Captain Henry couldn’t get his head around some of the facts. “I just don’t understand what made you look around the slaughterhouse.”
“The police searched through all the hotels and motels and couldn’t find a trace of him. I reasoned he must have holed up in the old industrial district, full of dirty corners for a rat to hide in. I was right, wasn’t I?” There was no arguing that. Still, Captain Henry plucked at his beard, trying to sort through the unexplained.
But finally we nailed down a statement, which I signed, and he released me into Maclure and Smythe’s care. We got in the car and drove back toward the city.
“I still don’t understand...” Maclure mused and listed a whole bunch of things. I knew some of the answers and I summarized them for him.
“Using the computer at a friend’s house, Sarah stumbled upon Tex in an Internet chatroom for teens. He gave himself out to be a freshman, looking for contact. From time to time they communicated when Sarah could use someone else’s computer. For her fifteenth birthday, he sent her a prepaid cell phone and then they talked whenever they wanted. She thought she knew him, projecting all her desires onto him. She trusted him and revealed her identity, her address, in fact anything he wanted to know she gave to him. The rest was a foregone conclusion, we all know.”
“Yes, we found the courier who delivered the gift. It was a cute teddy bear. The phone must have been sewn into it,” Smythe confirmed.
“How is Mr. Decharme doing?”
“Pretty distraught. He’s still under sedation. It’ll help to have his daughter back. How is the girl?”
“I don’t know. The bastard tortured her, took her apart piece by piece. But in the end, her own complicity will be the most painful thing she has to confront. It was her naiveté that invited the evil into their lives. I don’t know how she’ll deal with that.”
“Did he torture you, too?”
“Yes. The bastard loved using this electric toy ... and it hurt. But the worst part was the absolute helplessness... at the mercy of this evil... the not knowing...” I shuddered, but then thought, how ironic, the toy he cherished killed him in the end. Very appropriate.  
We pulled up to my place. Maclure got out, wanting to party but Smythe held him back. “Some other time Mac. Say hi to Amanda for us,” he waved as I took the steps two at a time.


Chapter 20

Amanda and I were lying in bed, after two hours still trying to catch up.
“I really thought I lost you,” she shuddered, coming back to this painful point time after time.
I was exhausted, but the tension wouldn’t let me go. She still wanted to talk to purge all the stored up anxieties of the last days. I would have been happy to find reassurance in holding her and making love to her, but women often needed to talk things out before their sexual responses became available again. I’m not saying that women need more reassurance than men; it is just that men have less need to talk about them and can resolve tensions in a more physical manner.
“Every minute I was expecting a call from Maclure that your body had been found in some ditch or in a farmer’s field. I could see you stretched out in the morgue. You won’t believe the nightmare scenarios my mind came up with. I wouldn’t have fretted so much, but I expected you to ‘connect’ with me and when you didn’t, or couldn’t, that really set me worrying.”
“I tried. Believe me, I tried.”
 “Your parents called looking for you, and I lied to them that you were out of town. Your art professor called, concerned that he hadn’t seen you. I lied to him too. All the time I had my fingers crossed. I just didn’t know what to think.”
“I’ll call them in the morning. It’s too late now.”
“I already called your parents while you were in the shower. I just told them you were back but I didn’t disclose any details. No use worrying them.” Then she fell back into the pull of the trauma. “Maclure and Smythe kept calling every two hours to see if you had contacted me. Smythe wanted to know how to recognize a psychic ‘touch’ if you were trying to contact him directly. All they could tell me is that they had found your car and then nothing.”
“I’m really sorry you had to go through that. It was foolish of me to head out on my own without backup. But I never expected to stumble over him like that.”
“And he hurt you.” I shook my head. “Don’t lie to me. I can see the burn marks on your skin. And your poor ankle.”
“Believe me, nothing he did hurt me as much as worrying about you worrying about me.”
“You poor thing. Poor, poor thing.” She took my face into both her hands and kissed me to take my pain away, then kissed me to make me feel better, then to make me forget.
The next thing I knew was that I was feeling very, very much better. Satiated, content, I dropped off to sleep.

In the morning she served me my favorite breakfast, crepes suzettes with strawberries and whipped cream. Fresh squeezed orange juice. She couldn’t do enough for me; she was spoiling me, making up for all the hurt I had suffered. Given all this attention and love, I knew I was not going to have any post traumatic stress.
“Promise me that you won’t ever do anything so reckless again.”
“Believe me I won’t.” She looked a little skeptical so I added by way of explanation, “You know I felt a bit intoxicated with my special powers. Somehow thought nothing could hurt me. Now I know better. It was an important lesson for me.”
“I certainly hope so.”
“Don’t worry I won’t do that again. If Maclure calls again, I’ll hang up on him.”
“Ha! I’ll believe that when I see it.” But she looked pensive. “You know there’s no way the police could have solved the case without you. And you saved Sarah’s life. That’s more than most of us normal people could ever hope to achieve.”
“What are you saying? Are you giving me permission to keep helping the police? To get involved this way again?”
“Trav, you don’t need my permission. You’re your own person, free to decide as your conscience leads you. I’ll always help you do what you have to.”
“Well, I don’t know if I want to. It was a dirty, dirty thing and I feel contaminated having been a part of it. Randolph was evil and some of that rubbed off on me. I don’t want any more of that. You deserve better.”
“Now, there I can help you.”
“How?”
“Did you forget that I’m a psychologist? I deal with cases like yours. Reconnect people with who they really are.”
“But you’re not supposed to practice on me. It’s not ethical.”
“I can always remind you what a wonderful person you are. That you are good. Righteous.” Then seeing the big pleased grin on my face, she hurried to add, “Don’t worry, I’ll also tell you when you step over the line...” Could any man ask for more than the love of a good woman? I was melting from contentment. I realized I couldn’t do without her. There on the spot I asked her to marry me. Instantly she flushed with pleasure, but upon short reflection, she shook her head no.
“Are you really saying no to me?” I couldn’t believe it. Didn’t she have, like most women, a biological clock ticking away? How could she turn me down?
“I’m too old for you,” she said in a firm voice. “You should be running around with someone your age.”
“But I love you...”
“And I love you.”
“Then where’s the problem?” My eyebrows were reaching for my hair line. “Are we just shackin’ up?”
She simply shook her head again.
“Then what do you call it?”
“A pleasant interlude...” she said hopefully, then as my face turned red from the surge of blood pressure building up she hurried to add, “But if you feel the same next year, then... then I will consider it.” Her refusal deflated me. Hurt, I flashed her my disappointment and saw her face wilt. So then, another year and another obstacle in the way of my happiness.

The next day the two of us went to Methodist Memorial to visit Sarah. She was mildly sedated but lit up on seeing me. “Travis, it’s so nice of you to come. I didn’t have a chance to thank you for saving my life.” She tried to take my hand to kiss it, but I snatched it away. Instead I hugged her and she hugged back with a desperate urgency.
“This is my lady, Amanda.” Sarah smiled mechanically, nodded her head in greeting, but her eyes barely took Amanda in. Amanda gave me a little wave and went out. She said she wanted to talk to someone in charge.
I pulled up a chair to Sarah’s bed and sat down facing her. Her face looked puffy and her eyes were red.
“I was such an idiot...” Her face twisted into crying. “And now my mother is dead...” The tears rolled down her cheeks. “Dad is alone and suffering...” I listened, trying not to interrupt her confession of mistakes. “I should have done something... something...”
“You did. You killed him.”
“I did what you told me...” Her face became quizzical. “I don’t know how you did it, but when it came time, I knew what to do and knew what you would do.”
I took her hand in mine. “Sarah, none of this was your fault. It was bad luck that you crossed paths with him. That’s all. He was evil. Twisted, mean, malicious, wicked. He would’ve fooled anybody, even a much more experienced person. He was diabolically clever. He would’ve taken me in.”
“You’re just saying that...”
“No—I’m not! Good people don’t comprehend the evil some people are capable of. That degree of depravity would never even occur to them. You’re innocent. Not to be blamed.” She cried, tears rolling down her face. I didn’t try to stop it and held her hand quietly. I sent her comforting waves of thoughts and consoling feelings. Slowly her weeping subsided. She looked beseechingly at me with her red-rimmed eyes.
“Sarah, anytime you need someone, Amanda and I are there for you.” She nodded. “But now, your father needs you... you have to help him to get through this.” The tears started again, quieter this time.
I met Amanda in the foyer. She had spoken with Sarah’s case nurse who talked quite freely as she wanted to mobilize support for Sarah. “Sarah was badly traumatized. But it helped tremendously that things got resolved and nothing remained hanging over. Sandy is dead and she doesn’t ever have to fear him again. It will take therapy to build her up again. Her father is also doing better, grateful to get his daughter back.”
“Will she be all right though?” I asked.
”That depends if she can forgive herself,” Amanda replied. “And if people in her circle will let her forget.”
We left the hospital. Hand-in-hand, we walked downtown and sat in an outdoor cafe. It was nice to enjoy the sun and sip coffee in the normal atmosphere of people going about their everyday business. It helped to release more of those feelings left over. But like an iceberg, only one tenth was ever visible, the rest was submerged deep in the subconscious, lurking to surface. But having won against all odds buoyed me for the present. Now I had only to last out this year... I caught Amanda’s look, and smiled widely in return to let her know that I felt all right.

Two weeks later, because of the tragic circumstances and because a minor was involved, State Superior Circuit Court Judge Jules Harkness decided to hold a closed hearing in his private chambers to investigate criminal culpability in the death of  Randolph Thiessen-Hill. The media was shut out of the proceedings and only essential personnel were allowed to attend. Sarah was called in to testify behind closed doors for over two hours. Looking wrung out afterward, her eyes red-rimmed, she had to be assisted down the corridor by court support staff. Then it was my turn.
Inside was only the judge, his assistant, a person from the DA’s Office, another from the Coroner’s, the court recorder and the Bailiff. I had my lawyer with me (after what happened in Jenny’s case I will never again forgo my right to legal representation).
They grilled me for three hours, asking penetrating questions and taking me through the official case file line by line. Occasionally I had to consult my lawyer in an aside to avoid somehow incriminating myself. By the last hour I sensed that we were just going through the motions; the DA didn’t seem actively interested. Still it was a relief to get it over with. 
In conclusion, my lawyer and I were sworn to secrecy as the records were going to be sealed to protect Sarah’s privacy. On top of that the judge admonished us not to talk about the case on penalty of legal prosecution. On the Court House steps I shook hands with my lawyer, hoping that would be the end of it. And by and large it was.

Two days later the Clarion ran an announcement that the murder on Parkview Crescent had been solved and that the perpetrator had perished through an efficient police action. The case was officially closed and no further information was released. To my great relief I could close the file on the whole thing.

On the following weekend Amanda and I held a dinner to celebrate my rescue. Of course, Maclure, Smythe and his family were invited. Maclure tried his hardest to be civil and by and large succeeded in not saying inappropriate things. Smythe was busy running after his kids, trying to keep them under control. Beer and wine flowed and we all were in a festive mood. Both my police friends had received citations for their role in the investigation but the details weren’t made public. The case never came up in our conversation. Better said, mindful of the court injunction we talked in code or in generalities. It was ridiculous as we were all directly involved and knew every aspect of the case. Still the law had to be obeyed.

On a personal note, I was in better shape than after Jenny’s murder. I had again overcome huge odds and survived. This time there was little post traumatic stress. In fact, wrapping up Sandy helped to distance me from Max and the ordeal associated with him. I felt somehow vindicated. Again good had triumphed over evil, the way it should. I felt stronger, intoxicated with my strange powers, but at the same time wary of undiscovered aspects that kept surprising me. What else was there, I kept wondering.

Amanda and I grew even closer if that were possible. The danger I had risked and undergone made us aware not to take our happiness for granted. There was an extra layer of tenderness and gratitude added to our lives. Free of responsibility I could breathe again and resume my life, and I had next year to look forward to.
Next day I went to school and kick-started my studies. A hard month followed as I caught up on missed material. The exhibition was a moderate success; I sold several paintings and got a lukewarm write-up on a day when little else was worth writing about in town.
Sarah made good progress in therapy. She and her father moved into a new home and she calls me from time to time. We have her over occasionally for dinner.
We rarely mention the case of Sandy (I still think of him as Tex), although intermittently Amanda probes my reactions to assess my recovery from the experience. I smile and nod to head off another critical incident evaluation.
“You know, I could envy your ability to read people’s minds. It would help me enormously in my profession,” Amanda mused aloud. I didn’t know where that statement would lead.

A month later Amanda reopened her practice. I was present when the receptionist brought in the first client. “Samantha Fowler.”
Amanda greeted her and introduced me. “This is Travis. He helps me to remember what I sometimes overlook. I think you’ll find him very sympathetic...”

Well, would you believe all that?!


The End

Look  for  Dreamcast 2, 3 & 4.


For more details on the author Paul Telegdi and his works, please visit http://www.PaulTelegdi.ca or http://www.seeWordFactory.com



