Blurbs from the “Official Psychiatric Report” Ordered by San Diego County Superior Court: August 7, 1990.
Conclusion Ignored by the Court.
“It would be to the child’s (Haley) detriment for any more disruption of her relationship with her father”. Psych Report.
I find her(Lisa) to be lacking in credibility, a lost soul.  Psych Report
Dr. Grinberg is a loving father who will be an asset to his daughter

Haley, A Novel
A Story of Shame and Disgrace
Completely Revised, Edited and Reorganized for Smashwords
By John A. Johnson
Copyright 2011
Edition, License Notes Thank you for downloading this free ebook. You are welcome to share it with your friends. This book may be reproduced, copied and distributed for non-commercial purposes, provided the book remains in its complete original form. If you enjoyed this book, please return to Smashwords.com to discover other works by this author. Thank you for your support.
This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places and incidents either are the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously, and any resemblances to any actual persons, living or dead, events, or locales are entirely coincidental.
TableofContents
aboutLisa
aboutMike
aboutHaley
Author’sPreface
ConfidentialCohenvsGrinberg
The Characters
The Alleged Victim
The Victim
The Conspiracy
The Conspirators
A HidingPlace
The Personals
The StoolPigeon
The FirstLetter
The BacciInstitute
The Decision
The Outfit
The RapSheet
The Contact
The FirstDate
The Dinner
The Courtship
The HouseMeeting
RoshHashanah
Hospital for Women
The LaborPains
CooperativeInterlude
Dr. Golberg
The DollStory
The MutilatedPenis
The CrimeVideo
MilePost47, I-5 North
The Helper
Argument at Blackhawk Mansion
U-T CrimeWatch
San Diego Zoo
Chronology of a Conspiracy.1992
Alleged Crime Scene ChulaVista, California
California Superior Court, San Diego
Civil Trial Opening Day
Civil Trial Day Three
The Dummy
TheCrime 
Mitigation Hearing
Michael’s Testimony
Lisa’s Testimony
U.T. Headline
City Jail, San Diego
Mitigation Hearing
The Judgement
Court Documents
Psychiatric Evaluation
Methods of Evaluation
PresentingIssues
ClinicalEvaluation Mike
ClinicalEvaluationLisaCohen
The Interaction Sessions
Ancillary Information
Discussion
Goals of Recommendation
Recommendations
Back
What the Psych Report says aboutLisa but ignored by the court.
“it is important to bear in mind the persecutory, uninsightful aspect of Lisa’s personality observed directly by me”. Psych Report
quite outrageous behavior on her part. Psych Report
”I found her to be less than forthright (truthful). She made clear statements that to me were false.” Psych Report
“…she (Lisa) absolutely misperceived and distorted a situation that would have been obvious to anyone. Psych Report
Lisa also was unable to see her contribution in any of the difficulties between her and Michael. Psych Report
It is interesting to note that Lisa did not bring any toys with her for Haley. Psych Report
In summary, I found Lisa Cohen to be somewhat overly dramatic, somewhat emotionally labile (untruthful), and a person who felt easily persecuted and victimized. Psych Report
”…ignore Haley and instead enumerate to me the accusations she had against Michael. Psych Report
I have found defects in judgment, insight, and perception. Psych Report
I find her to be lacking in credibility.  Psych Report
she is unaware that her animosity towards Haley’s father is detrimental daughter and signifies a lack of empathy for her daughter Psych Report
little insight… understanding …grossly exaggerated. Psych Report
She stated her own brother saw her as a “lost soul.” I agree. Psych Report
Unfortunately…it shows that she is not really tuned to Haley’s needs or desires. Psych Report.
 The session ended with Lisa leaving by the private exit so that Haley would be unable to say good-bye to her father. Psych Report
“…less than forthright (truthful) Psych Report
“Lisa Cohen has done everything in power to disrupt the relationship between Dr. Grinberg and Haley, to the detriment of Haley” Psych Report
What the Psych Report says aboutMike but ignored by the court.
 “… most appropriate in his approach to Haley” Psych Report.
“She obviously enjoyed this affectionate interaction”. Psych Report
“…interaction session with Haley showed Dr. Grinberg to be very sensitive to the needs of a child” Psych Report
“Haley … was very special and important to him” Psych Report.
“…showed him to be a loving, empathic, and concerned father” Psych Report
“Once again let me state that there has never been any evidence that Dr. Grinberg has been anything but a loving and caring father to his daughter” Psych Report.
“I have concluded that’Dr. Grinberg ino way poses a threat to the health and safety of his daughter. Psych Report
“…Dr. Grinberg is a loving father who will be an asset to his daughter during her growth and development.” Psych Report 
What the Psych Report says aboutHaley but ignored by the court.
Haley protested her father’s leaving, and wanted to continue playing with her father. Psych Report.
“Haley showed that she could separate easily from her mother” Psych Report.
ToC
Author’s Preface 
Michael is dead. Lisa Cohen is responsible. I promised Michael Grinberg that I would make sure these documents were posted on the internet so that his Haley or Hailey would see them and know that he was a loving, caring and compassionate individual that she was cheated out of knowing by her mother. It is not too late for her to know her grandmother, her aunts and uncles and a legion of fun loving and kind cousins. Read through this book to learn the truth.
Thse psychiatric documents are public information. The author obtained them from the San Diego County Superior Court. They were placed there by Lisa Cohen in her pursuit of Michael Grinberg. They can be obtained by anyone on request.
The evidence that Lisa Cohen was the instigator of a conspiracy to have Dr. Michael Grinberg set up and trapped in a murder for hire scheme with her as he victim is undisputable. These Psych Reports shows how she attempted to convince her friends first, then her medical doctors and finally the courts in San Diego, California that Michael Grinberg planned to kill her when in fact he only wanted to help raise his only child.
Subsequently, with the aid of a powerful legal team she was able to gain the cooperation of city, county, state and federal of law enforcement agencies, the San Diego Union Tribune and judges in San Diego Municipal Court to join in that conspiracy. Working together they succeeded in ensnaring the esteemed and much loved by family, friends and patients, Medical Doctor and Psychiatrist, Dr. Michael M.Grinberg in the scheme for which he was imprisoned from February 13, 1993 until his final release on March 5, 2000. Upon release Michel moved to Hawaii where he married a woman who became the love of his life. They lived quietly and productively for ten years doing what he loved, surfing, and taking care of animals and people before he died in May, 2011.
Shame on the entire lot of them for participating in shch a heinous unforgiveable crime against Mike, as he was known by those who loved him. Read on for a clear understanding of what, how, when and where it all happened, including his untimely death. 
ToC
ConfidentialCohenvsGrinberg
August 7, 1990 Dear Judge: Pursuant to Judge Betty Bendorf Quinn’s Court Order. I have conducted a psychiatric evaluation in the custody and visitation matter of Haley Cohen Grinberg, the 20 month year [sic] old (B. 12-20-88) daughter of Michael Grinberg and Lisa Cohen. The results of my evaluation are interwoven through the body of this report. There is a discussion with recommendations at its conclusion.
Methods of Evaluation
I was contacted by Mr. Bill Wachler of the San Diego Superior Court Family Court Services regarding doing an evaluation in the Cohen-Grinberg matter. Subsequently I sent my C.V. and a copy of my stipulation forms, to be signed by both attorneys, which would allow me to proceed in this matter. I was quite clear with Ms. Hatcher and we were both in agreement that I would proceeding this matter only if my task was to make a recommendation with regard to the best interest with regard to the minor child, and that in no way would I participate as an evaluator, except if I were to be either court appointed, or agreed upon by both parties. It was also my understanding that my report would be received in evidence by the court.
Subsequently, I received a letter from Ms.Blueshoe dated April 10, 1990 in which the requested deposit of $2000.00 was enclosed. Ms. Blueshoe also stated that I had been agreed upon as the evaluator by both parties, that my stipulation was not signed, but that I could proceed on the basis of the agreement of the parties. I would like to state here that at no time did I feel that I represented, or was performing the evaluation at the behest of Dr. Grinberg alone, nor did I interpret Ms Blueshoe’s letter in a manner that would lead me to believe that Ms. Blueshoe saw me as anything but a neutral participant in the evaluation.
An individual session was held with Dr. Grinberg on May 10, 1990. This session lasted approximately two and one half hours. I was unable to schedule an appointment with Ms. Cohen until June 7th when I met with her for approximately one and one half hours. I was unable to make an appointment prior to that time because of the fact that Ms. Cohen stated she would be out of town or otherwise occupied until then.
On June 8th I had arranged to see Haley with her father and her mother in interaction sessions, and I planned on seeing Ms. Cohen for an additional interview also at that time. It was my clear understanding that Ms.Cohen would have someone there to be with the child while I saw her, or that another person would be able to take the child back to the hotel. In fact, Ms. Cohen arrived a half an hour late, and therefore, I had an additional opportunity to talk to Dr.Grinberg, who had come in for the interaction sessions.
Ms.Cohen did not have anyone with her to take care of the child she had to leave the appointment after the interaction session with her daughter to return her daughter to the hotel, and again, I spoke with Dr. Grinberg in the time she was gone. 
I did have the opportunity to speak with Lisa Cohen when she returned to my office. Therefore, on June 8th, I spoke with Dr. Grinberg for approximately one hour and twenty minutes. I spoke with Lisa Cohen for one hour and I observed interaction sessions of Haley with each of her parents for approximately one-half hour each.
 On Saturday, June 8th, I spent approximately three and one half hours with the parents and child at issue in this case. In addition to the clinical interviews, I reviewed a report of the psychological testing of the parents performed by Carl Leser, Ph.D, a clinical psychologist. The tests were done at my request by Dr.Leser. Dr. Leser performs a great many of the psychological tests requested by the psychiatrists on the psychiatric psychological panel of the Family Law Department of the Los Angeles Superior Court. Dr. Grinberg’s psychological tests were performed on May 15,1990, and Lisa Cohen was seen on July 9, 1990.
A copy of Dr.Leser’s report of his psychological tests results is attached. I also reviewed the written material presented to me. This included a detailed history questionnaire filled out by Dr. Grinberg at my request and returned to me. I sent a questionnaire to Ms.Cohen, along with a number of “Release of Information” forms.
Unfortunately, according to her office, this material was never received. I did have a telephone conversation with Mr. Richard Miller, of the Alliance Detective Agency, who functioned as a monitor for the visits Dr. Grinberg had with his daughter, Haley. I also talked to Drs. Morman and Laster, therapists to the couple. Finally, I reviewed the written material presented to me by both parties in this case. This material consisted of letters, declarations, court documents etc. I will not list them individually here, as the stack of documents I perused stood approximately four inches high. The review of these documents took approximately three hours.
PresentingIssues
It is my understanding that Michael Grinberg and Lisa Cohen first met in January of 1987. Their daughter, Haley, was born December 20, 1988. The couple separated on October 7, 1989. On November 21, 1989, Ruth Hatcher, of San Diego Family Court Services, presented recommendations following an evaluation.
The recommendation was that there should be joint legal custody of Haley by both of the parents with primary physical custody to be with Haley’s mother. The report further recommended there would be monitored visitations of Haley with her father. There was a specific recommendation for a psychiatric evaluation, which might include psychological testing.
Dr. Grinberg was to undergo random drug testing in San Diego. Provisions for visitations by the paternal grandparents and the paternal aunt were also included. It is my understanding that from October 7, 1989 until March of 1900 [sic] Dr. Grinberg had no visitation with his daughter. Ms.Cohen stated the reason for the lack of visitation was because of disinterest on the part of Dr. Grinberg. Dr. Grinberg maintained Ms.Cohen was successful in her efforts to avoid visitation through legal machinations and accusations of various types against him.
Lisa alleges she is concerned about Haley’s safety because of Dr. Grinberg’s irrational behavior. Her original allegation was that Dr. Grinberg abused drugs. She also stated Dr. Grinberg physically abused her. She was concerned Dr. Grinberg might leave the country with Haley.
Dr. Grinberg stated he has not physically abused Ms. Cohen, but has only defended himself when she has physically attacked him. He also stated Lisa Cohen has done everything in her power to stop the visitations. At the present time it is my understanding that brief monitored visitation continues. Further, it is my understanding the monitor for such visitation has continued to be a hired monitor from a detective agency. That is, Ms. Cohen has not agreed to family members or friends acting as routines.
ToC
ClinicalEvaluationof Mike
Dr. Grinberg is the forty-year-old father of Haley Cohen Grinberg, the child at issue. He is self-employed as a physician. He works full time, but his hours are adjustable as needed. Dr. Grinberg began his session by telling me he and Haley’s mother separated on October 7, 1989, and that until approximately one week prior to our meeting, he has been unable to see his daughter. That is, from the time of separation until one week prior to our interview he had not seen his daughter. He stated the reason for this state of affairs was the fact that Lisa Cohen, the mother of Haley, and her attorney had constructed numerous obstacles to his visitation.
Michael Grinberg stated he and Lisa Cohen met in December of 1986. They began to live together. Lisa was approximately one month pregnant at the time. Two months later, his divorce from his prior wife, Sherri Hook, was finalized. Michael proposed marriage to and when Lisa accepted. The couple went on vacation to Moorea. This turned out to be a difficult trip and Lisa miscarried. At this time Dr. Grinberg stated he was already having difficulty with Lisa, in that she didn’t like the house he had. He stated subsequently, over the years of their involvement, they opened escrow on four houses, but, she was never satisfied. 
Dr. Grinberg then continued to describe his frustration in his relationship with Lisa. He stated in October of 1987, Lisa again became pregnant, and he and Lisa obtained a marriage license. In December of 1987 Lisa again miscarried. In March of 1988 Haley was conceived, and a few month later a second marriage license was purchased. He stated there were always obstacles and difficulties that arose so that the marriage ceremony could never take place. For instance, in May of 1988, they planned a trip to Belize to be married there, but they found out they couldn’t be married legally there. Further difficulties occurred because of the rather primitive accommodations they encountered. Dr. Grinberg said it did not bother him, but Lisa became very unhappy.
Dr. Grinberg complained the first two pregnancies, which ended in miscarriages, were not completely accidentally in his opinion. He stated Lisa refused to take Thyroid, even though she knew she had thyroid difficulty. He stated the second pregnancy ended in a miscarriage in his opinion because Lisa did not take care of herself physically. He stated she is a workaholic, traveled constantly, carried heavy samples and, in his opinion, as a result of this the pregnant aborted. After the rough trip to Belize, Lisa went to her physician to complain he had been abusive to her by having her go on this trip, and it had been her opinion she might abort again.
Dr. Grinberg said that 1989 was a difficult year. He said Lisa was frequently out of town, and the nanny and he actually raised Haley. He stated he did not like where they were living and he tried to buy another home. He said eventually he was forced to buy a home because of the tax consequences as the result of the sale of his previous home. He states he bought a home he wanted and closed escrow on October 5, 1989. He said he could no longer wait for Lisa to make up her mind. He stated he hid the real estate dealings from her because he knew what would happen if he told her. However, according to Dr. Grinberg, Lisa broke in to his locked attaché’ case and found out about the home purchase (as I understand his version of what occurred.).
He said Lisa told him to move out immediately. It was Friday evening at 10pm. He said he would not leave that night, as he had no place to go. According to Dr. Grinberg, Ms. Cohen called the police three times that night, and finally they came to the house to investigate the possibility of domestic violence. Dr. Grinberg stated he was asleep when they came. On Monday morning he filed a police report regarding the Friday night incidents,
 Friday night Lisa began throwing his clothes out and hit him. He stated she spent two to three thousand dollars a month on her clothes, so, he threatened to throw her clothes out if she continued to hit him. He also stated he called his brother so he would have a witness as to the fact that she was starting the altercation, not him. Finally he went to sleep, and it was then the police came. It is my understanding that nothing further of significance happened that night. According to Dr. Grinberg, he and Lisa tried to reconcile on Saturday.
He stated he told Lisa he was still going to move out and into his new home, but, he wished for her to come with him. It was his plan to spend a few months fixing up the new home. According to Dr. Grinberg, Lisa refused to move with him, and told him to move out immediately. Again, according to Dr. Grinberg, Lisa told him she was taking the baby and the nanny for two weeks on a trip, and while she was gone he could arrange to move his possessions into his new home.
However, Lisa requested she have the weekend prior to her leaving alone without him. Dr. Grinberg stated he came back three days later to pickup his belongings and found new locks on the door, a security guard present with a Restraining Order. He stated the Restraining Order was the result of Lisa’s allegations of domestic violence and accusations that he was involved with drugs and had tried to kill her. Dr. Grinberg called the San Diego Police Department and explained the situation to them. The SDPD said they would send an officer to let him into the house and to tell the security guard to leave. Two officers arrived and escorted him into the house and spoke with the security guard, who eventually remembered he had the Restraining Order to serve him.
 When the police saw this Restraining Order they said he would have to leave and he was unable to get any of his clothes or belongings. According to Dr. Grinberg, an agreement was reached that he was allowed to have his belongings. However, he said the “movers “showed up with some clothes of his Lisa had originally thrown in the garage, but, very few of his other possessions. Eventually, another agreement was arrived at, and his other belongings were sent to him; included in the stuff sent to him were some of Lisa’s belongings. 
Dr. Grinberg stated he knew he could not go back to Lisa’s home because of the Restraining Order. However, some of his friends stated they would go back because there was no Restraining Order against them. They returned to the home and evidently took some more of Dr. Grinberg’s things. 
A few days later, Dr. Grinberg was contacted by San Diego Police Officer James A. Streams. Officer Streams stated he wished to question Dr. Grinberg regarding a “burglary.” Officer Streams stated in a sworn statement his investigation led him to the conclusion there might have been a misdemeanor committed, because of a violation of a Restraining Order. He specifically stated there was no burglary, that is, there was no felony. Dr. Grinberg pointed out one of his great frustrations is the fact that, in his opinion, he was not being dealt with fairly or honestly by Lisa and her attorney. As evidence of this opinion on his part, he presented the sworn statement presented by Officer Streams to the court by Lisa’s attorney, along with a second statement by Officer Streams, who said in that second statement, “I told Mr. Jackson I referred the matter to the City Attorney’s Office for possible prosecution of a violation of a court’s Restraining Order, a misdemeanor, not a burglary, a felony. 
We discussed the matter back and forth. Eventually, Mr. Jackson changed the declaration to reflect the Restraining Order violation instead of a burglary. All references to any determination by me that I believed a felony had been committed (burglary) were to be deleted. Also, Dr. Grinberg did give his side of the incident, which I wanted in my statement.” Later in the declaration Officer Streams stated “On April 4, 1990, I was shown a copy of the Affidavit under my signature, which had been filed with the court. I was surprised to learn pages 1 and 2 of the original Affidavit, which I had expressly told Mr. Jackson himself that I would not sign, had been filed with the court attached to page 3 of the Affidavit which I had signed.” (It should be noted that Mr. Jackson always referred to the incident as a burglary even after Officer Streams’ second declaration.) 
On November 7, 1989, Lisa Cohen filed a declaration in Superior Court stating Dr. Grinberg was an extremely violent man, that he had threatened to kill her repeatedly, that he had threatened to take Haley from her, that he had refused to pay any of the medical costs, that he had never taken an interest in Haley, that he lacked even the basic parenting skills and was a danger to Haley, that he had burglarized her home and that the relationship had been an abusive relationship for three years.
On November 15, Lisa Cohen filed a declaration that Dr. Grinberg was physically abusive and showed a total disregard for human life, that he is diabolical in his schemes, that he is a danger to himself through drug abuse, and that he is an emotionally disturbed individual in desperate need of psychotherapy. Attached to that declaration was a declaration of Trinidad Santana Zanchez who was the nanny for Haley. This declaration supported the declaration of Ms. Cohen. (It should be noted Dr. Grinberg had objected to Ms. Zanchez as a nanny, as he felt she was inappropriate in her behavior with the infant. He cited his understanding Trinidad had said she put urine on the baby’s face and participated in other folklore type behavior, including genital stimulation.
When Lisa continued to employ Trinidad; Dr. Grinberg reported Ms. Zanchez to the INS.. On October 16, 1989, one month prior to the filing of the declaration, Ms. Zanchez, as a result of Dr. Grinberg’s report to the INS, was arrested by immigration agents in Dallas, where she had gone with Lisa and the baby. In her declaration Ms. Zanchez states, “I will never forgive him for calling the INS for God’s sake, he is the one that hired me. Let him spend two days and one night in jail like me. Perhaps he will see the light
.”Other declarations were presented by Lisa Cohen. George Sandwich, MD, presented a declaration regarding what he considered to be out-of-control behavior of Dr. Grinberg. It is my understanding Dr. Sandwich never examined Dr. Grinberg, and this declaration was based solely on reports given to him by Ms.Cohen. A declaration was presented by Miriam L. Losupobici, an MFCC and MSW. Ms. Iosupobici in her declaration, stated she had seen Lisa on and off in therapy since May of 1981. 
She did not see Ms. Cohen from 1983 until the end of 1987. It was the therapist’s opinion, based on reports by Lisa, that Dr. Grinberg was abusing Lisa in that he “was unwilling to commit himself to a permanent relationship.” She also stated Dr. Grinberg had given her an ultimatum that if she did not sell a condominium and move in with him, he would leave her. (I was somewhat confused by the fact that, on one hand Dr. Grinberg was supposedly not committing himself to the relationship, and, on the other hand, he was demanding Lisa live with him.) Ms. Iosupobici stated it was her opinion Dr. Grinberg’s stating he would break up with Lisa if she would not move in with him was, “abusive behavior
.”In January of 1988, again according to the therapist, Lisa stated in December of 1987, Dr. Grinberg had attempted to strangle her.(One would have expected Lisa to have complained about such a significant occurrence prior to the elapsed time.) Ms. Iosupobici also stated she was unhappy with Dr. Grinberg because Dr. Grinberg had told Lisa to stop seeing her as she was not as qualified as other mental health specialists. (From what I can see, I would agree.) During this time the therapist had been advising Lisa to leave Dr. Grinberg. It was the therapist’s prediction Dr. Grinberg could seriously harm the baby. It is my understanding from the declaration the therapist never interviewed Dr. Grinberg directly 
A declaration by Dr. E. Zomorrodi, the obstetrician of Lisa Cohen, was also presented. Dr. Zomorrodi stated prior to her second miscarriage Lisa came to her office and she noticed Lisa had red marks on her neck and black and blue marks on her left arm. Lisa told her Dr. Grinberg had tried to strangle her and she tried to get away. She stated Lisa said Dr. Grinberg grabbed her and squeezed her arm like an orange. A declaration was also presented by Marilyn Fox, who worked with Lisa Cohen. She stated Lisa described how Michael had attacked her on June 30, 1989 with the resultant black and blue marks on her neck and upper left arm.
The declaration of Dr. Steven Dimarzo stated on August 10, 1988 there were black and blue marks on Lisa’s neck. He stated Ms. Cohen had stated Michael Grinberg had attempted to strangle her the week previously. He stated this was consistent with other complaints Lisa had made during the pregnant. I was also presented with documents showing Dr. Grinberg had a traffic violation, which Lisa’s attorney felt was evidence that he had shown disregard for the safety and welfare of other motorists (Dr. Grinberg was permitted by the court to go to traffic school, which he did.) 
Also presented by Lisa Cohen and her attorney were documents alleging Dr. Grinberg fraudulently changed Haley’s name on the birth certificate. (Dr. Grinberg presented to me a note signed by Lisa, dated April 3, 1987 stating, “To Whom It May Concern, the name on the birth certificate is incorrect. It is to read as follows: Haley Anne Cohen-Grinberg. Hope this problem will be corrected. Sincerely, Lisa A. Cohen.” Also presented was a signed birth certificate dated December 20, 1988. The birth certificates read “Haley Anne Cohen Grinberg. The last name was Cohen Grinberg.
Evidently, the argument was whether the last name should be Cohen Grinberg, or Cohen-Grinberg, or the middle name should be Cohen and the first name be Haley Suzanne. There was a declaration attached which stated the records person at the hospital changed the name at the direction of Dr. Grinberg, who was on staff. As the result of some, but not all, of the declarations mentioned, Ruth Hatcher of Family Court Services recommended in a report dated November 21, 1989, that there be a psychiatric evaluation, and that there should be joint legal custody, with physical custody of Haley with Lisa Cohen pending the psychiatric evaluation. She also recommended that during the time Haley would be in town, that is, not on trips with her mother, 
Dr. Grinberg would be permitted to have four daylight hours of supervised contact with Haley as frequently as every other day. Further, the supervision would be done by the Reliance Detective Agency and the visitation would take place as the father’s work schedule and the availability of the monitor. The recommendation also stated Dr. Grinberg shall undergo a “standard random drug program and assessment at the San Diego Health Alliance over a period of one month during and throughout the entire month of December commencing December 1, 1989. 
On November 29, 1989, Mr. Veltmann, Dr. Grinberg’s attorney, had a letter hand-delivered to Mr. Jackson, attorney for Lisa Cohen. In that letter Mr. Veltmamn said, “This letter will confirm that we made a request on the morning of November 28, 1989 that Ms.Cohen make available Haley for visitation for the Alliance Detective Agency from 6:00 p.m. through 8:00 p.m.
 After a few more phone calls we were apprised the time would not be ‘convenient’ for Ms.Cohen. In addition, your law clerk appraised my paralegal Ms. Cohen would not be providing notice of her schedule pursuant to the court order. Instead, your law clerk insisted on being provided with Dr.Grinberg’s schedule, something that was not ordered by the Court .“This letter is to confirm our office contacting your office on November 29, 1989 to indicate Dr. Grinberg is available to exercise visitation with Haley on the following dates and times and requesting you to notify us by the close of this day of which days and times Ms. Cohen will make the child available:”
There then is a list of eleven dates, which include November 29, 1989, and then December 1 through December 11, 1989.  It is my understanding another letter was sent on December 21, 1989 in which seven more dates between December 22 and January 4 were given. On December 28, 1989, Mr. Veltmann sent a letter to the San Diego Health Alliance stating that because of legal dispute they had not received the original order for the testing of Dr. Grinberg, but, he would make himself available for the required testing
Dr. Grinberg did make himself available for random testing by SDPD, and such testing was done on January 12, January 19, January 25 and February 1, 1990. He was tested for opiates, barbiturates, amphetamines and cocaine. All the tests were negative. In the later part of December, Ms. Cohen filed a number of declarations regarding Dr. Grinberg. These included something about his possession of guns, the possibility he was stalking Mr.Jackson, etc.
One declaration was from Jolie Best whose declaration stated Michael Grinberg is “a violent man with strange sexual behavior.” Ms. Best was a roommate of Dr. Grinberg. Dr.Grinberg took Ms. Best to Small Claims Court because of her lack of paying her share of the rent. Dr. Grinberg contention was that this declaration was filed as a result of that action on his part. Ms. Best stated Dr. Grinberg attacked her at his office when she came to pay the rent after the Small Claims Court Judgment. Dr.Grinberg stated she disrupted his work with a patient; and he merely tried to get her out of his office.
On December 30, 1989, Dr. Grinberg sent a letter to Mr.Hurray Bloom, Director of Family Court Services. In that letter Dr. Grinberg states, “the Temporary Visitations Supervision Order is simply not workable, given the Alliance Detective Agency is essentially a one-man operation, and he is not very available; and given the major impediments to any communication between Lisa Cohen and I, due to the interposition of two attorney’s offices and her traveling schedule.
By the time I nearly get a visitation set up, the targeted date passes and I am more frustrated. ”Dr. Grinberg stated if supervision is felt to be necessary, could not there be other alternatives, such as friends, family or even a licensed psychotherapist.
On January 2, 1990, Mr. Veltmann submitted a declaration stating, “the defendant has submitted via the letter of November 29, 1989, dates consisting of eleven over a period of twenty days that were convenient to Dr. Grinberg. In return, there were several telephone conferences between the staff of both attorney offices and impasses due to the plaintiff’s assumption the visitation must also be convenient to her.
On January 11, 1990, J.R. Krikorin; Supervising Manager of Alliance Detective Agency, wrote a declaration stating, “to date, Dr. Grinberg has refused to exercise any visitation, although perspective dates and times have been provided to him by the Law Office of Craig Jackson.”“Dr. Grinberg is uncooperative over the phone with us, claiming we are unresponsive, yet, he refuses to take even the most basic steps to effectuate Child Visitation.”
Attached to the declaration is a long list of the Agency’s prerequisites,which must be fulfilled prior to visitation. On March 30, 1990, Dr. Grinberg filed a declaration stating because of the repeated Ex Parte Hearings and other legal proceedings his legal costs have soared to the place where he could no longer pay for attorney services. It was for that reason he continued on in theLitigation Pro per. However, he had recently retained Ms. Blueshoe, his current attorney, and was again requesting visitation. Dr. Grinberg stated he had tried to exercise his visitation rights. He would inform his attorney of the times he was available for visits. His attorney would inform Mr. Jackson, who would then try to get in touch long distance, with petitioner who was constantly traveling. Then Mr. Jackson would call Mr. Veltrmann, who would then call him. He stated by that time the date requested by the detective agency would have past. He stated this scenario, or part of it, had curried at least on three occasions, and he had become frustrated with the futility of it
He pointed out his request for less restricted supervised visits, that is, supervision by someone other than that of the detective agency was refused. Dr. Grinberg then went on to point out how petitioner also found other times “inconvenient” or had other excuses to deny visitation. In addition, she was often traveling with Haley.
In the declaration Dr. Grinberg went on to discuss the difficulties with Golie Best. He described his version of how Ms. Best, after he received ajudgment against her for back rent, had barged into his confidential therapy sessions, then banged on the door of his office until he had to evict her. He stated she slammed the office door on her own hand and then tried to prosecute him for that, but it was unsuccessful. Dr. Grinberg stated and repeated to me that Lisa Cohen’s evidence that she was physically abused was based solely upon what she told her witnesses.
None of the people who wrote the Declarations spoke directly to him, and there were no witnesses to the acts which she stated occurred. Dr. Grinberg stated, “In fact, the three acts of domestic violence which did occur in our relationship resulted in my being injured. Petitioner first hit me in the back of the head with a telephone. (The next day she apologized and bought me a new phone.) The second event occurred when she grabbed the steering wheel of our moving car, and significantly endangered my life and our child’s life as well as her own. I have a picture of the scratches which she inflicted upon me at that time, and five of my family members witnessed these scratches only fifteen minutes later.
These same people will testify that petitioner had no bloody nose. The third incident of violence was when petitioner broke into my locked briefcase and discovered that I had just purchased my residence because I wanted to get away from her. She hit me in the back, nearly knocking me down the stairwell. The Court should be aware that I am not the only person she has alleged abused her.
Petitioner repeatedly told me that her mother hit her with baseball bats; her brother broke her nose on purpose and frequently beat her; her boy friend, Matthew, shoved her down the San Diego State University Library steps and frequently beat her; and her boy friend, Steven, frequently beat her. I do not know the truth of all these allegations, but I suspect that they are exaggerated and misconstrued, as are the allegations about me.”
On April 17, 1990, Lisa Cohen filed a responsive declaration. In that declaration, Lisa Cohen stated, “Defendant Grinberg has never attempted to exercise visitation since our separation on October 8, 1989, until early March 1990. (underlining mine) Most of the ‘purported’ attempts to exercise visitation, with which defendant Grinberg never cooperated, were made by Attorney Veltmann.”At another point, Ms. Cohen stated, “Defendant Grinberg’s first attempt to `implement’ visitation was made on March 1, 1990 by a telephone call with Alliance Detective Agency. I believe tha the attempted to do so only when he found out through mutual friends that I was attempting to rebuild my business after the turmoil to which she [sic] has subjected me.” 
On April 13, 1990, Jimmy Stream, a San Diego Police Officer,wrote in declaration that his original declaration had bee naltered by Mr. Jackson’s office. He stated that in his original declaration he had stated that there was a question of possible misdemeanor for violation of a restraining order when friends of Dr. Grinberg had gone to his former home to retrieve some of his personal belongings. He stated that he specifically told Mr. Jackson that there was no evidence of a “burglary.”
In a declaration of April 11, 1990, Dr. Steven Pizzaro stated with regard to his prior declaration that he had no evidence other than Lisa’s statement that the marks on Lisa’s neck were caused by Dr. Grinberg. He went on to state 
“The prior declaration implies that Lisa told me ‘a number of times’ that Dr.Grinberg was both non-supportive and ‘abusive’. Several times during her pregnancy Lisa did comment to me that she felt Dr. Grinberg was ‘nonsupportive’. However, the only time she commented that he was ‘abusive’ was the time I noticed the marks.” “In my opinion, my contacts with Dr. Grinberg have never given me any reason to think that he should be denied contact with the child.
”In a declaration of April 11, 1990, Richard Miller, Visitation Supervisor of the Alliance Detective Agency wrote an update of the relationship of the Alliance Detective Agency regarding Dr. Grinberg’s attempts to obtain supervised visitation with his daughter.
“On March 1, 1990, Dr. Grinberg called our offices to make an appointment to contract with our firm for visits with his daughter. The appointment was made at 11:00 a.m.. on Monday, March 5, 1990. On the date of the appointment, Dr. Grinberg executed our agreement and provided our firm with a written request regarding times, dates and locations he was requesting his supervised visits. His request was given to Lisa Cohen, who denied his request. Dr. Grinberg made another appointment on March 13, 1990,and again requested in written form, additional dates, times and locations for our agency to provide supervised visits. We submitted the request to Lisa Cohen and again she denied the request. (underlining mine). Since that date we have not had any further conversation with Dr. Grinberg. 
Since March 1, our Agency has received full cooperation with Dr. Grinberg. He has complied with all our company requirementsregarding the procedures we follow. However, as of this date, our agency has not been provided permission by Lisa Cohen (mother of the child) to conduct any of the requested visitation.” (under lining mine).
On April 25, 1990, Mr. Jackson wrote in a declaration,“from December 20, 1989 (the birth of the child) until May 1, 1990 defendant has made no attempts to “see the child, let alone care for the child or even support her.” (underlining mine). See page 2, lines 11-13,of declaration of Robert L. Miller, Visitation Supervisor, Alliance Detective Agency, executed April 11, 1990, marked as Exhibit“A”, (which was filed by defendant in support of his Motion for Reconsideration), and which states, ‘since March 1, our Agency has received  full cooperation with Dr. Grinberg. He has (finally)(this word was not in Mr. Miller’s declaration) complied with all our company requirements regarding the procedures we followed. On April 23, 1990, Mr. Jackson declared, “At the November16, 1989 Court Hearing the Honorable Thomas Ashworth, III, presiding judge, ruled that Defendant Grinberg’s taking of Plaintiff ’s property was a burglary.” Mr. Jackson then goes on to “Jimmy Stream’s declaration filed on November 15, 1989.” It is interesting that on April 19, 1990, Officer Stream’s declaration was filed in which he specifically stated that Mr. Jackson had changed his declarationof November 1989 from the declaration that he had signed. 
Also about this time there was a further series of Declarations and Responsive Declarations regarding accusations that Dr.Grinberg was lying about trying to get records to Mr. Jackson. The issue revolved around a Ms. Burtein, who stated in one declaration that the documents were refused by Mr. Jackson’s office when she delivered them. However, later she stated that they were not actually delivered but a phone call was made to his office and she was told that they would not be accepted. For some reason, this became a very important issue regarding whether Dr. Grinberg should be allowed to visit his daughter.
In our interview, Dr. Grinberg discussed some of the material discussed above. He stated that he was very frustrated and upset with the Court proceedings. He considered Mr. Jackson to be unethical. He stated that Mr. Jackson had filed false Declarations.He stated that Mr. Jackson had “papered the Court”and run up huge legal bills which he cannot afford to pay .Dr. Grinberg stated that it was true that he had thought he had been set up because of the monitor that was selected and insisted upon by Ms. Cohen. 
He stated that the detective agency in his mind was the same detective agency that had placed a security guard at the home at the beginning of the litigation. He said that communication with regard to setting up visitation was all but impossible. He stated that when he tried to make visitation arrangements, Lisa had taken the baby with her on her business travels which took her out of state l5 days or more a month. At the time that he met me, Dr. Grinberg stated that it turned out that this time the detective agency had been very cooperative and friendly with regard to the visitations.
Dr. Grinberg stated that at one point in the court proceedings, Lisa’s attorney had said that he had attacked him with a switch blade knife. He stated that in fact he was in Court that day working and that the sign-in sheet verified that he was there and not with the attorney, as the attorney claimed. Dr. Grinberg said that Lisa had always told him that she was making a million dollars a year but that now she states she has no money what so ever. He stated that he does not have enough money to do appropriate discovery. 
Dr. Grinberg stated that Lisa had called patients of his and bothered them. He said that she has ruined his practice and that she has been vindictive in all ways. Dr. Grinberg stated that his daughter didn’t remember him when he began to visit, and that they now are getting along well and she seems to be remembering him. Dr. Grinberg stated that he did do one thing that he thought was poor judgment on his part. He said that the Nanny was an illegal alien. He described her as becoming extremely possessive of Haley and that it became annoying to him and Lisa. He described how Lisa at one point said that she saw Trini, the nanny, playing with Haley’s genitals. He said he became very up set and told Lisa that she had to do something about that but that Lisa would not allow for anything to be done. He said that Lisa had a habit of accusing everyone of doing bizarre things so that he did not even know if what she had said about Trini was true. He said that another time he was told that Trini rubbed the baby’s urine on the baby’s face. Dr. Grinberg said that he became increasingly upset with the idea of Trini taking care of his baby and because of that he turned her into the INS. He said that Trini became very angry and that in his mind he shouldn’t have done what he did.
Dr. Grinberg told me that he grew up in Kansas City. He has a sister thirty-six and a brother twenty-nine. He himself is forty. He went to San Diego to go to Medical School after he had graduated from Brandies. His father is a salesman. He stated that while he was growing up he was very close to his paternal grandfather. He said he was not that close to his mother who was a rebel in her family and who in his mind did not have good relationships with him. Michael told me that he got along very well with his brotherand sister as he was growing up and at the present time. His parents were divorced at the time of his graduation, even though he was supposed to give the valedictory speech.
He was a RegencyScholar from out of state. He stated that he did not realize the difficulties about his mother until later in his life. He met a woman at college. He was a sophomore and she was a freshman. They lived together for the next two years and they married between their junior and senior years. He went to medical school and became very occupied. She became very lonely. The marriage went down hill and they divorced after three years in San Diego.
He then met Sherri, his second wife. It was 1983. She was four years older than he. She had two children from a previous marriage. She had an amicable divorce. He dated her for one year. They lived together for a while and then they got married. He stated that they argued a lot but had a lot of good times. He wanted to have children but she did not. He stated that they still have a good relationship. She was a social worker. He said Lisa was convinced that they had continued their relationship even though they only remained friends. 
Dr. Grinberg stated that he was the oldest child in the family and he helped raise his brother from infancy. He stated that Lisa, who was the baby in her family, knew nothing about raising children and it was he who taught her how to take care of the child. At the same time he said that he is sure she is a dedicated and loving mother. Nevertheless he said he was offended that she said he didn’t know anything about children where in fact it was quite the reverse. Dr. Grinberg appeared at the interviews appropriately dressed. His speech was logical, coherent and relevant. He had no unusual mannerisms of speech or behavior. His affect was appropriate to the material discussed. He was cooperative and friendly. He was not seductive. I did not find him manipulative.
It was clear in my contact with Dr. Grinberg that he was extremely frustrated. I did feel that he had a tendency to get angry easily. However, he was never angry in the manner of being threatening, violent or inappropriate. Rather, his anger was contained. After reviewing the situation in which Dr. Grinberg was accused of being violent, hostile, a sex pervert, a drug addict, etc., and prevented from seeing his daughter for approximately seven months, one might understand that perhaps be would be quite frustrated.
ClinicalEvaluationLisaCohen
Ms. Cohen is a thirty-five year-o1d woman who owns her own business. It is my understanding that she travels extensively as a part of that business. Ms. Cohen began the session by telling me that she was very concerned about her daughter, Haley, being with her father, Michael Grinberg. She stated that Dr. Grinberg is physically and verbally abusive, has poor judgment and that she thinks that Michael will kill her
She stated, “I’m not the only woman Michael has hurt.” She stated that Michael has a history of being abusive to women. Lisa Cohen told me that she had fallen in love with Michael three times. She stated that she had a miscarriage the day before Christmas in 1987 and she called him and he came two and a half hours later and only waited twenty minutes. She stated that her mother came and got her. She stated that Michael begged her to come back to him. She said that she was sad the next morning and he was angry. They got in an argument and she threw his phone on the floor.
(Dr. Grinberg stated that she threw the phone at him and hit him in the back of the head. He also stated that the next day she apologized and bought him a new phone.) Lisa Cohen said that Dr. Grinberg then “strangled me.” Ms. Cohen said that her mother came and got her. She stated that Michael was a psychiatrist so he could get away with such behavior. She also said that his excuse was that she bruised easily and that he did not take responsibility for his own actions. Lisa described how she was “scared to death of him.” 
She stated that he had been financially abusing her and that she had been asking him to leave the home for a long time prior to the separation. Ms. Cohen said that in order to frighten her he showed her pictures of a patient who castrated himself. She said he showed her a VCR of a police officer who had blown his wife’s brains out. He said that they should put Haley in a Skinner Box and that they should “shape her skull.”
On June 30, 1989, another episode of physical abuse occurred, according to Lisa. She stated that she had told Michael she would take Haley to the home of his father and his sister. However, on the way there he began to strangle her. She said she started to black out. She said he smacked her face and said, “You’ll be dead.” (Dr. Grinberg’s description of the episode was that Lisa grabbed the steering wheel of the moving car and significantly endangered his life as well as Haley’s and her own. He further said that he had pictures of the scratches which she inflicted upon him, and that five of his family members witnessed these scratches only fifteen minutes later. He stated that these people will testify that, although Lisa had said she had a bloody nose she indeed did not have one.)
Lisa described to me how she had statements from physicians who would back up her story. (These Declarations have been described previously.)Lisa told me that she met Michael when her mother put a Personal ad in a newspaper. She had been going out with someone but the relationship was not working. She stated that Michael wrote a four page letter back to her. She stated that he was married at the time, but she went out with him because he was separated. He then told her that they shared the office together and then shelter found out he was still married and she stopped going with him. However, when he and his wife split up she did start dating him again. She said in late May 1987 she slept with him for the first time. Two months later she found out she was pregnant. She said that he didn’t tell her that he had herpes.
Dr. Grinberg proposed to her and they went to Tahiti. She had a miscarriage after they returned from Tahiti, and according to Lisa Michael insisted that she move in with him although head five roommates. She said he insisted that she pay $2000 a month rent. However, she stated that his roommates were into drugs and nude Jacuzzis. Lisa stated that Dr. Grinberg blamed the miscarriage on her. She stated that she was very “baby hungry.” Her dog had died and she had lost her best friend. She said she got pregnant again. She left home and stayed with her mother and she had a second miscarriage that was the day before Christmas 1987. She said that her doctor had told her to take it easy for the period of twelve weeks and she asked him to help with her bills and he would not do so. She said that was the time of the “first strangulation.”
Lisa said she returned to her relationship with Michael because Sherri, his second wife, had an abortion without his knowledge and that she felt the reason he was so angry was because of that fact. Lisa got pregnant again in April of 1988. They were going to Hawaii to get married. However, Michael decided that they should go to Belize instead. She stated that on the trip she started to bleed but Michael insisted that they go into the jungle because the accommodations were cheaper. She stated that she bounced so much in the car that she hit her head on the roof. She stated that she started crying because she was so upset. She stated at one time she was swimming and 60 soldiers came to look at her and the soldiers were kicking a pregnant dog and looking at her as if they were going to do the same thing to her. On the fifth day of the trip, according to Lisa, she called her mother and Michael got furious with herein May of 1988 she decided she did not want to marry him,
In June of 1988 they again started talking of marriage, and began to look at expensive homes. She stated that Michael had a girlfriend in Boston and she found a letter in which she and Michael were going to have a trip to Big Sur. She also stated that when she was pregnant, Sherri was pregnant. Rosalie was the girl in Boston and Lisa read Rosalie’s letter to her mother. She said Sherri was angry at Michael because of Rosalie, and she thought that the whole complex of circumstances sounded like the doings of white trash.”
Lisa bought a house and left Michael, but when she was packing they began to argue. He said that she was leaving because of the money, which was not the case. She said she threw a tape and a scissors under the table and Michael “straddled me and began to strangle me.” He then called Lisa’s mother and told her to get her daughter and “your  crazy dog.” While they were waiting for her mother, he grabbed the dog and slammed the door on her. Her arms were black and blue and she said a doctor saw her following this incident. As she was telling me the story, she became tearful. She said that she became very withdrawn and felt humiliated and tried to find out why Michael was doing this to her. Lisa told me that Michael said that with a baby she would have to “think of yourself as a single mom.”She stated that following this incident in August of 1988, she saw an attorney and talked about getting an abortion. She said anew days later, Michael told her either “you come with me, or I am leaving with Rosalie.” She stated Michael did not participate in the pregnancy. She would have to pick up boxes and in general endanger the pregnant.
Eventually her OB/GYN put her in the hospital. When she got out of the hospital she was to be on bedrest; however, Michael insisted she go shopping with him. At one time he got mad and took the car and left her all by herself. Lisa said that when she was in labor Michael said he was “bored” and left and her friend Janice came to help her. Lisa described how two nights after the baby was born Michael pushed her because she wanted Cohen put on the birth certificate, and that if they got married, she would put Grinberg on the birth certificate. Lisa stated that Michael was like her mother when she was young. Her mother was crippled and in pain, and would say terrible things to her, and she would become a good little girl and behave properly.
Lisa said that Michael later changed the name on the birth certificate against her wishes. He got away with it because he was a doctor. (From what I noticed, she did not object to the name Grinberg on the birth certificate, and the entire argument was whether Cohen should be considered a middle name or should be hyphenated into the last name. There was a note in her handwriting that did write the name Lisa Anne Cohen Grinberg. It is my understanding that this note was attached to the application for a change in the birth certificate.)
Lisa stated that after Haley was born, Dr. Grinberg would not pay for any medical bills, and he would tell her that he would put a plastic bag over her when she was asleep. She also said that Michael wanted her to force feed Haley with a turkey aster, that he wanted to take Haley jet skiing when she was an infant. Lisa said that, “From November 1989 until March 1990, he didn’t try to see her we were in court, but he wasn’t trying to see her.” She said that he was entitled to see her every other day for four hours from November to March, but elected not to do so.(From my reading of the record, this is a gross distortion of the facts.) Lisa described how there was “a screw-up in the declaration.”She said that a first year law student made a minor change and that he was trying to make a big deal out of it. She said the minor change was only changing the fact that he had violated are straining order to alleging that he had committed a burglary. Her attorney continually harped on the fact that he had committed burglary, and never pointed out that it was only a possible misdemeanor of not adhering to a restraining order when he tried to recoup his belongings from their home.)
Lisa told me that the declaration that the police officer was going to sign “was more damaging.” (Another gross distortion, as I read both declarations.)Lisa stated that on November 22, the Family Court Services chose a monitor from “the Alliance Detective Agency” She continued, “I don’t know why.”I find it hard to believe that if she had agreed to a different type of monitor the court would have objected. Lisa described how Dr. Grinberg had applied for a job with the State Department but had forged his immunity card. Dr. Grinberg stated that she wrote to the State Department in order to cause trouble in his possibly getting an appointment. He stated that he had applied prior to their breaking up and thought that it might be a nice trip for the three of them, if they got an overseas posting. Lisa stated that Judge Quinn said there should be no visitation on March 22 because Michael was out of control.
However, because of the Officer Streams deposition regarding the change in his deposition, visitation was allowed. (I am not familiar with the circumstances of the March 22 hearing-with regard to visitation.) Lisa also stated that Judge Ashford said, “Unless you are reasonable, ‘this man will kill you.’” (Again, I am not familiar with what Judge Ashford said; however, with all the material sent to mea never saw an allusion to such a statement.) Lisa stated that he also drew a knife on her attorney and threatened to kill him. (It is my understanding that Dr. Grinberg had a record that he was in the court building at the time that this occurrence should have occurred.)
Upon my questioning, Lisa said that she did not wish for Dr. Grinberg to see her daughter, and that was all there was to it. She stated that he was abusive, that he was a bad father, and that he was not paying child support. She said that she wanted him tout money aside for college or for life insurance and he did not do so.
(It was clear that if Dr. Grinberg disagreed with what she wanted, he was in her mind a bad person.) Lisa described how “He’s taken so much acid he has no memory.” She said that Dr. Grinberg described how his happiest time was when he was in college, dropping acid. She described how “It hurt me so bad to hear that.” She was quite dramatic.
Lisa described how she was born in Chicago, and her parents were very poor. She stated her father was athletic, quiet, and did manual labor. Her mother was partly crippled, but was intellectual and verbal. During her puberty years, the family moved to Florida. Her father got a Pepperidge Farm franchise. Her mother had problems with both her and her father. Lisa stated how she had such good parenting skills because she took care of things with her mother and her father, even though her mother was verbally abusive. (Children who are put in this position are described as “prettified” and usually they are not good parents in that they have never experienced parenting, and their parenting skills therefore are the parenting skills of a child acting as a parent.) 
Lisa stated that her brother is a doctor, but they do not have good relationship because her brother sees her as a “lost soul.” Lisa also maintained that on October 13, 1989 Michael Grinberg’s sister came to the home with her permission and cleaned out the house. (That does not jibe with the information as I read it.)
Upon ending a session, she asked me what Michael was requesting in terms of custody. I read the questionnaire that Michael had given me: “If Lisa would communicate with me, I would have physical custody and she would be allowed up to fifteen days and nights per month custody, with at least forty-eight hours notice given to me. (If she won’t start communicating, I guess the court will have to decide who understands’ Haley’s needs best. Haley needs contact with both parents. Lisa is always traveling out of town, greater than 50% of the time, and her schedules too erratic for me to plan around. I can provide a stable living situation with an extended family. Lisa could have 50% access, as her schedule allows.)”
 Upon hearing Dr. Grinberg’s request, Lisa began to become weepy. She stated that Michael is unreasonable for wanting so much time. I pointed out to her that he is saying they should each have 50% of the time, and she is saying he should only have monitored visitation. Yet she seems to feel that he is unreasonable when he gets angry at her, but that she is angry with him for even requesting 50% of the time.
Lisa had no Understanding of what I was trying to tell her. She maintained that her request was reasonable and his request was unreasonable. She had no capacity to even understand his point of view. She ended the session by saying that “The court ordered the detective monitor. I had nothing to do with it.”
 Lisa Cohen came to the interview appropriately dressed. She is an attractive woman appearing to be her stated age of thirty-five. Speech was logical, coherent, and relevant. She was cooperative and friendly during the sessions. There were a number of things about Lisa that were problematic.
I found her to be on the dramatic side in her presentation of material. For instance, she would have a frightened look on her face and talk about how she thought Michael would kill her. There was nothing that I found in the evaluation that would lead me to that conclusion. However, that would be just one example of the type of dramatics displayed by Ms. Cohen. Further, her affect was somewhat labile (variable). That is, she would become teary easily and her emotional state could change rapidly. I found her to be less than forthright (truthful). She made clear statements that to me were false. An example would be when she said that. Michael made no attempt to visit his daughter for months. Her description of Michael burglarizing her house when she had excluded him from the home without allowing him to take his things was another example of what I consider to be a gross exaggeration of the facts. Lisa also seemed unable to understand Michael’s point of view if it differed from hers. I have described how she thought Michael’s desire to see his daughter half the time was outrageous while her desire to have Michael not see his daughter except for anew hours with a monitor was reasonable. Lisa also was unable to see her contribution in any of the difficulties between her and Michael. Her description of the three altercations between her and Michael all were described as if they were entirely spontaneous on the part of Michael without her participation to any great degree.
In summary, I found Lisa Cohen to be somewhat overly dramatic, somewhat emotionally labile (untruthful), and a person who felt easily persecuted and victimized. She had little insight into her own behavior, was short of empathic understanding for those who differed in opinion from her. I also felt that she grossly exaggerated both through her own misperceptions and unfortunately at times consciously for her own gain. She stated her own brother saw her as a “lost soul.” I agree. 
The Interaction Sessions The interaction sessions were to begin at 8:30. I had arranged with Lisa Cohen to bring Haley at that time. I would see her and Haley, and then I would see Haley’s and her father, who I had suggested come about that time also. Dr. Grinberg arrived on time, Lisa had not appeared by ten minutes to nine. I took the opportunity with Dr. Grinberg for a few minutes to clarify some issues.
For this issue, I know that Lisa did not arrive at least until ten minutes to nine, and I believe a few minutes after that. However, Lisa told me that she was sorry she was five minutes late and that she had been waiting in the waiting room since 8:35. Dr. Grinberg told me that he had not seen Haley for a week and a half because Lisa had not shown up for the visitations that had been scheduled during that one and a half weeks. We went into the waiting room, and Dr. Grinberg was most appropriate in his approach to Haley. He did not whisk her away from her mother, but moved in slowly and in a friendly manner. Haley warmed up to him in a few moments, and then he picked her up and carried her into the waiting room. She obviously enjoyed this affectionate interaction. He brought toys with him to play with Haley, which I thought was most appropriate. In the office, Haley sat comfortably on his lap for a few minutes, then he put her on the floor, and she explored the toys that he brought. During this first part of the interaction session, Haley showed that she could separate easily from her mother, she made contact with me by smiling at me, and she showed no separation anxiety in the transition from her mother to her father. 
Michael Grinberg stated that Haley was somewhat quiet this morning and that perhaps she was tired. He had brought hear toy coffee pot, a furry animal, and other things that clearly a child her age might find interesting to play with. He also brought her some crackers, which she enjoyed.
At one point, Haley saw my sport coat hanging on the back of a chair and started to go through the pockets. Dr. Grinberg in very comfortable manner, distracted her so that she would not continue this activity, and got her to play with his coat. It was my impression that the interaction session with Haley showed Dr. Grinberg to be very sensitive to the needs of a child. He was able to contain her behavior when it started to become inappropriate. He was affectionate; he was not intrusive .The interaction session lasted in excess of twenty-five minutes. 
Following the interaction session with Dr. Grinberg, I had Lisa, Haley’s mother, come into the room. Haley protested her father’s leaving, and wanted to continue playing with her father. She went to the door to try to get back out to the waiting room to be with her father. Lisa stated, “She’s into playing with doors.” she absolutely misperceived and distorted a situation that would have been obvious to anyone. Haley began to protest, and cried and became angry. Lisa acted appropriately by picking her up and comforting her while distracting her at the same time. Haley then began to play. It is interesting to note that Lisa did not bring any toys with her for Haley; perhaps she felt that I would have some, which of course I did.
Nevertheless, the child continued to play with her father’s toys. Lisa clearly would have Lisa assured me that the whole issue of visitation and custody that had arisen was due to the fact that Michael thinks it is just a big game. She also again said to me that Michael had threatened to take Haley forever, that he was going to kill her, that he had turned her into the Immigration Department, and that he had done number of other things.
I told her on a number of occasions during the interaction session that the interaction session was for her to be with Haley and that we could talk about these things later, when I was going to see her alone. 
However, that did not stop her. She continued to ignore Haley and instead enumerate to me the accusations she had against Michael .She again brought up to me that he was being investigated byte D.A.’s office for burglary, along with some other issues, including the fact that he was in possession of some guns. (The issue about the guns I still do not understand.)After fifteen minutes, I decided to terminate the interaction session because there was no interaction. Nevertheless, what little interaction I did see between Lisa and her daughter was characterized by affection and concern for Haley by her mother.
Lisa told me that she was going to her brother’s because she had possible thyroid cancer and was going to have an examination prior to surgery. She told me not to tell Michael, because he did not know. (Michael had informed me that one of the reasons he was angry with Lisa about the miscarriages was the fact that she had thyroid problems that needed to be taken care of. Often, women with thyroid disease do have difficulties during their pregnancies.) Lisa and I made arrangements for her to take Haley back tithe hotel and then return for an interview with me alone. (I had carefully gone over with Lisa the fact that she would bring a maid or nanny to the interaction session to be with Haley while I would interview her. She acted as if this conversation had never taken place.)
Unfortunately, the interactions showed that Lisa refuses to acknowledge and does everything she can to inhibit Haley’s attachment to her father. She does this in a manner that is most inappropriate. Further, it shows that she is not really tuned to Haley’s needs or desires. The session ended with Lisa leaving by the private exit so that Haley would be unable to say good-bye to her father.
Ancillary Information
Both Lisa Cohen and Michael Grinberg had psychological testing at my request. The testing psychologist, Dr. Carl Lesser, wrote in his summary, “Both Lisa and Michael appear to be very much like the general run of individuals seen for custody/visitation evaluations. There is a suggestion that Lisa may be over-concerned with persecutory ideas. However, fears of future persecution and allegations of past violence are the basis of her concerns about Michael. She genuinely believes that he is plotting against her and behaving accordingly. What is most striking from testing is the lack of personality findings which would be consistent with her allegations about Dr. Grinberg.
This requires some explanation. One possible explanation is that Dr. Grinberg did in fact ‘Out-shrink the shrink,’ i.e., prepare thoroughly for more than one thousand questions that he was asked in such a way that he left the impression of relative normalcy when this is not in fact the case. Another possibility is that Lisa really does misperceive the degree of danger that he represents to her and her daughter. Subjectively, I feel the latter possibility to be more likely.”
Dr. Roppe then added an addendum to his report following receiving a package from Dr. Grinberg consisting of approximately sixty pages of documents. After reading these documents, Dr. LaserWriter, ‘The body of this report is not substantially changed following my cursory review of the packet he sent to me. However, I feel somewhat comforted that Lisa’s allegations are not reflected in his testing, seeing the amount of documentation he brings forward to dispute these allegations as a matter of fact.”
After the first interview I had with Dr. Grinberg I sent him for drug testing that day. He tested negative for thirteen drugs including barbiturates, narcotics, benzodiazepines, amphetamines, marijuana and alcohol. I received a copy of a letter from Sherry L. Hook, Michael Grinberg’s former wife. In this letter she stated, “It might be mentioned that my two children have always wanted to maintain contact with Michael. My daughter, especially, has developed Avery good relationship with him, which leads me to believe that Michael will develop as good a relationship with his own daughter, Haley.”Ms. Hook also stated, “Let me also take this opportunity to correct two false declarations Ms. Cohen has apparently made, according to what Michael has related to me. First, as far as I am aware (and I have no idea how Ms. Cohen would be aware otherwise), I have not contracted herpes from Michael or anyone else. Secondly, my marriage to Michael was not typified by violent behavior.”I talked to Mr. Richard Miller from the Alliance Detective Agency regarding his observations when he worked as a monitor during visitations of Dr. Grinberg with his daughter. Mr. Miller told me that Dr. Grinberg obeyed all of the rules, that it was clear that he cared for his daughter and that she cared for him. Mr. Miller said that he could find no areas of concern from his observations of the visitation between Haley and her father.
Mr. Miller did say that Lisa would become very angry and irate at the time of transition if Michael would say anything other. It was clear to me that Mr. Miller thought this was most inappropriate behavior on the part of Lisa.
I reviewed copies of two letters by Nancy and Gary Grinberg, one written to the court and one written to Lisa’s attorney, Thomas Waddell. Both letters express their concern and unhappiness in what they describe as Lisa’s uncooperative behavior. They mention one specific time in late May or early June when Gary, Michael, and Bob Miller of the Alliance Detective Agency met for an appointed visit and Lisa did not show up at the visit, nor did she call. The letters expressed hope that there would be some rectification of the difficulties they are now having with Lisa regarding visitation with Haley.
 I received two letters from Paul R. Smith, MD, one dated November 6, 1989, the other dated May 28, 1990. In his May 28, 1990 letter, Dr. Smith stated, “Dr. Grinberg and I first met on September 12, 1989 when he was contemplating leaving the woman with whom he was living, who is the mother of Haley. They had been together approximately two years. He was consulting me in order to gain advice in how to handle the separation from Haley’s mother and how to maintain his relationship with Haley after this occurred. Soon thereafter, however, his plans to leave were uncovered, and a great deal of hostility erupted between Dr. Grinberg and Haley’s mother. He moved out and she instituted a restraining order against him.
This changed the context of my session with Dr. Grinberg. Haley was the only child that he has had, and he doubted whether he would have children in the future, thus she was very special and important to him. He was prevented from seeing her and became increasingly depressed. His symptoms included distractibility, disturbed sleep patterns, diminished social activity, decreased sexual interest, general loss of interest and motivation. As a Consequence of this, we met on a weekly basis for about month in supportive Psychotherapy. Because of scheduling difficulties we met only once in January 1990 and then again not until March 8, 1990. By that time, a great deal of time had gone by and he still had not seen Haley and there were very complicated legal maneuverings going on and he was feeling quite harassed by demands for many Personal records.
Dr. Grinberg had lost twenty pounds, continued to have significant problems with concentration, his disturbed sleep continued and he was clinically significantly depressed. As a consequence, we agreed to a trial of Nortriptyline, which was ultimately increased to 150 mg. daily.”
I received a copy of a log kept by Nester Security Service  dated December 14, 1989 in which Dr. Grinberg was shown to have signed into CACHE from the morning until the evening. My understanding that this was the time that he had been accused of attacking her attorney at a different location. I talked by telephone with Drs. Frame and Levine, who had seen the couple in therapy.
I was never able to obtain a Release of Information permit from Lisa regarding them. They therefore could only state that in their opinion, Michael was not a danger to his daughter.
Discussion
My recommendations are based upon the impressions that I have gained from my clinical interviews and my perusal of the written material presented to me. These are as follows’ 1) Haley is attached to both of her parents. 2) Both of her parents love and care for their daughter. 3) I could find no history and no evidence that Dr. Grinberg would be a danger to his daughter. On the contrary, my observations of Dr. Grinberg with his daughter showed him to be a loving, empathic, and concerned father. Further, the letter mentioned previously from Dr. Smith revealed that Dr. Grinberg prior to the separation sought psychiatric help for the separation with the best interests of his daughter as part of his motivation. 4) I did find Dr. Grinberg to perhaps be somewhat insensitive to how he affects others. This was Dr. Laser’s impression also. Dr. Grinberg at times did show irritability and frustration. However, it is important to point out that Dr. Grinberg had been prevented from seeing his daughter for seven months, had been accused of being a burglar, a sex pervert, a spousal abuser, a potential murderer, and a drug addict. 
To defend him against these allegations took a great deal of time and money. Certainly it might be understandable that he could get excessively irritated. Also, it is of significance that Dr. Smith in his treatment of Dr. Grinberg pointed out that Dr. Grinberg was clinically depressed, had asleep disturbance, and had lost twenty pounds as a result of this legal battle. Therefore, it is incumbent upon this examiner to make allowances for some of Dr. Grinberg’s irritability due to the stress that he has been under. 5) I found Lisa Cohen to be problematic in a number of areas. Throughout this report I have enumerated these areas. I was unable to get an interview with her for approximately one month because of her schedule and traveling. When I did have an interview with her, I requested that she bring a nanny to be with her daughter when I was seeing her alone. She did not bring the nanny, nor did she even appear to remember that I had requested her to-do so. Likewise, Dr. Hope waited from May 15, when he examined Michael Grinberg, to July 9, when Lisa could see him for the first time. 
There perhaps were extenuating circumstances for these delays. Either Lisa was out of town or she was having some surgery. However, my impression was that she was prolonging the evaluation as long as possible. She never even called Drs. Frame and Leaven to give them permission to talk to me, even though I requested she do so. During my interview with Lisa, I found her to be overly dramatic and somewhat overly emotional. I found her to be less than forthright (truthful), both about the so-called “burglary” and about her contention that Michael did not wish to visit his daughter. I found Lisa to be lacking in judgment and insight. 
In the interaction session with Haley she did not follow my directions. She ignored Haley much of the time, although when she did pay attention to her she was appropriate. She misperceived and misunderstood Haley when Haley cried and wanted to see her father. Lisa responded to Haley behavior by saying that Haley “is into doors” when Haley tried to go to see her dad. She snuck Haley out the private exit so that Haley and her father could not say good-bye to each other. 
I thought that during the interaction session Lisa acted in a most in appropriate manner. 6) In assessing the three incidents of alleged abuse of Lisa by Michael, it is important to bear in mind the persecutory, uninsightful aspect of Lisa’s personality observed directly by me. 
There is no question that Lisa misperceives situations in a manner that justifies her behavior and places all blame on the other person. The descriptions of the incidents were much more detailed and complete when they were described by Dr. Grinberg than when they were described by Lisa Cohen. I would not in any manner say that a man is justified in physically abusing a woman. However, in this case, it is unclear as to who was attacking whom and to what extent these altercations were as murderously violent as described by Lisa. 7) From the material I have read, including love letters between Lisa and Dr. Grinberg, it is my impression that this relationship was between two intensely passionate and emotional individuals.
The relationship was probably doomed from the beginning, and certainly the amount of tumult throughout the relationship was intense. The fact that there were episodes where Lisa threw telephones and scratched Michael and Michael restrained and perhaps hurt Lisa is not surprising to me. Nevertheless, it does seem to me that to take these incidents and make them into cause that Dr. Grinberg could not see his daughter is further evidence of Lisa’s capacity for misperception. Once again let me state that there has never been any evidence that Dr. Grinberg has been anything but a loving and caring father to his daughter. 8)
The fact that Lisa was complaining to her friends and physicians that she was being treated in an unsupportive manner by Michael, that she was victimized by Michael, and that indeed she was bruised at times by Michael, is not surprising. Lisa is not the type of woman who would describe to these people the entire circumstances around any of the incidents. Therefore, although some of the declarations were well-intentioned, I do not feel they were written by people who had a binocular perspective on the matter. Further, Dr. Grinberg’s former wife attested to the fact that he was not abusive to her and I saw no evidence from anyone other than from statements by Lisa that Dr. Grinberg had been abusive to anyone. 9) I question Lisa’s judgment of taking Haley with her on long multi-week trips throughout the country while Haley was still an infant, and in fact even at the current time. I cannot see that it is particularly beneficial to a child to be moved from bed to bed, place to place on an ongoing basis when the infant could be living in a relatively stable environment. 
10) Although the issue in this case was whether Dr. Grinberg should be allowed to visit with his daughter, it appeared to me that many “red herrings” were thrown into the procedures in order to confuse the issues. For instance, it does seem that the issue of whether Dr. Grinberg had “burglarized” Lisa’s home some how loses track of the fact that Dr. Grinberg left the home and then was prevented by Lisa from returning to get his belongings. In fact, that was quite outrageous behavior on her part. Furthermore Jackson continued to bring up the issue of this “burglary “even though the investigating officer specifically said that his declaration had been changed and that it was not an issue of burglary but rather an issue of not obeying a restraining order.
Another example were the machinations that seem to have gone on in a technical manner that prevented Dr. Grinberg from visiting his daughter for seven months. Lisa then turned around and stated that Dr. Grinberg did not want to visit his daughter. This again appeared to me to be inappropriate. Lisa obviously did not think that it was in her daughter’s best interest t to have a father. There were many other issues, some of which I cannot even fathom how they got involved in the visitation issue. This included the issue of whether Dr. Grinberg possessed a gun or not. Did Lisa really think that Dr. Grinberg was going to shoot Haley? I think not. It is my opinion that the legal maneuverings were for one purpose and one purpose only, and that was to preventer. Grinberg from seeing his daughter, while at the sometime exhausting him physically, emotionally, and financially. 
As a result of my psychiatric evaluation, I have concluded that’d. Grinberg in no way poses a threat to the health and safety of his daughter. On the contrary, it has been my observation that Dr. Grinberg is a loving father who will be an asset to his daughter during her growth and development. It would be to the child’s detriment for any more disruption of her relationship with her father to continue.
Lisa Cohen has done everything in power to disrupt the relationship between Dr. Grinberg and Haley, to the detriment of Haley. I have found Lisa Cohen to have defects in judgment, insight, and perception. I find her to be lacking in credibility. I am not stating that she does not wish to be a good and loving mother and makes every effort to be so. However, she is unaware that her animosity towards Haley’s father and the way that she acts on this animosity is detrimental in the long run of her daughter and signifies at least at this time a lack of empathy for her daughter.
Goals of Recommendation
It is the goal of the recommendation to provide for Haley significantand continuing contact with both of her parents. She is attached to both of her parents and both of her parents are bonded to her. Both of her parents have many useful assets to provide for her as she grows and develops. Neither parent has shown them selvesto be a detriment to her with the exception of the fact that her mother’s attempt to keep her father from her has not been in her best interest. It is significant to note that Dr. Grinberg has asked for shared custody; he has not indicated that he wishes to deprive Haley of contact with her mother in any manner. It is of significance, however, that unfortunately the converse is not true. 
Recommendation
I recommend that there be joint legal and physical custody of Haley Cohen-Grinberg by her father; Michael Grinberg, and her mother, Lisa Cohen. I recommend that the time be divided equally. In order to do this, adjustments will have to be made for Lisa Cohen’s travels. I do not believe that the child should go with Ms Cohen when she travels, except for vacations. I suggest that Ms. Cohen, at the beginning of each month, give to Dr. Grinberg a list of fifteen days that she would be in San Diego to be with her daughter. Haley would then live with her mother during those days, and for the remaining days of the month live with her father. I would suggest that the parents avail themselves of the services of the San Diego Family Court Services to work out such an agreement. I recommend that holidays, vacations, significant days such as birthdays, Mother’s Day and Father’s Day be divided equally and alternated yearly. I recommend that if either parent makes a geographic move of significance, that is, a move that would interfere with this shared custodial arrangement, that the parent who has not moved get custody of the child. However, liberal visitation should continue. I would hope that no further allegations be raised regarding parenting capacities of either parent in this matter. However, if further allegations are raised, I would hope that the information contained in this report is taken into consideration in evaluating those allegations. Thank you for referring this case to me. I hope that the information, discussion, and recommendations are helpful in this matter.
Psychiatric Evaluation Dr Michael Grinberg
Dear Mr. Justice:On May 7, 1993, I saw Michael Grinberg, MD, for purposeof a psychiatric evaluation. The purpose of this interview was to determine if he has a mental disorder which had affected his behavior in connection with the offense for which he has been arrested, or might influence his potential for future violence, or for rehabilitation. 
As part of my evaluation I reviewed the report by Dr. Daniel Hollohan dated August 7, 1990; a copy of the findings in a civil case concerning illegal actions against Lisa Cohen taken by Dr.Grinberg; and a transcript of the conversation between Dr.Grinberg and an undercover officer on February 11, 1993, just prior to Dr. Grinberg’s arrest. 
My professional background and credentials include board certificationin psychiatry; retirement from the U.S. Army in 1967 after 20 years of service,  primarily as a flight surgeon and psychiatrist, with the last three years as consultant in psychiatry to theUnited States Army Surgeon General in Washington, D.C.; and 26 years in academic psychiatry, including eight years as Chairman of the Department of Psychiatry at Texas A. & M. University School of Medicine and retirement in January, 1993, as EmeritusProfessor of Psychiatry from U.C.S.D. 
As you know, prior to the events leading up his arrest, Dr.Grinberg was a psychiatrist with a successful forensic and consulting practice in San Diego. He had been a distinguished student on scholarship at Brandeis University in Boston, and was a Regent Scholar at UCSD School of Medicine where he also completed a residency in psychiatry. Prior to meeting Lisa Cohen, his girl friend and the alleged victim, he had two marriages ending as he describes it in reasonably amicable divorces. No children were involved. 
He met Lisa in the latter part of 1989 while separated prior to his second divorce. They lived together for approximately one and a half years, a relationship which was characterized by frequent, serious difficulties. He describes himself as interested in Lisa’s successful business activities, but found her to be lacking in consideration of others, limited in her intellectual interests outside of business, and jealous of his friendship with his former wife. She had no interest in a relationship with his brother and sister who live in the area, and he describes her as behaving in a manner to sabotage his own relationship with them. 
As an example of a long standing disagreement, they could not agree on where they would live. She did not like his house and refused to live there while they remained unable to agree on alternatives. During this time several houses were in escrow, but did not close because of their disagreement. During this time they made plans for marriage on several occasions, and had marriage licenses which expired while they were unable to resolve differences.
During their relationship, which began in the latter part of 1986, she had two pregnancies ending in miscarriage, the first of which was in mid 1987. She blames his lack of concern for her for these miscarriages, while he attributes them to her failure to take needed medications or refrain from excessive physical activity. They had joint counseling which was unsuccessful, and Dr. Grinberg states that he was about to give up the relationship when she became pregnant for the third time, culminating in the birth of Haley, now four-years-old, in the Spring of 1989.
Although things were better between them during Lisa’s pregnant, arguments began again soon afterward. For example, there was disagreement about the baby’s name, whether it should be Haley Ann Cohen Grinberg or some variance of this. They also continued to disagree on living arrangements, with several houses being in escrow but never closing because of their disagreements. Finally, having lived in her house for a year, Michael purchased a house which he liked where he intended to live. He states that Lisa was furious with this and insisted that he leave her house immediately. This resulted in police involvement, and clashes over his attempts to get back his belongings
 There were mutual accusations that she was preventing him from getting his belongings, while she accused him of burglarizing her house and being violent. The latter accusation was apparently in relation to an incident earlier when they had been en route to visit his family in Escondido. His father, visiting from Kansas City, had never seen Haley. Lisa did not want to make the visit, and then at somepoint, according to Michael, she grabbed the wheel of the automobileon the freeway. In an ensuing struggle, she alleges he attempted to strangle her, while he was scratched. 
Subsequently,there have been several years of litigation, related principally to his custodial rights. He describes multiple legal actions she has institutedto prevent him from having contact with Haley, while she has alleged that he is dangerous, uses drugs, and has shown no interest in Haley. Among the accusations leveled against him was that he had threatened in the past to kill her. He describes this as a misinterpretation of a humorous remark. It occurred when his secretary on one occasion observed him seemingly very depressed. Knowing that a colleague had committed suicide some years before, she expressed her concern. He remarked to her “I may feel homicidal, but I’m not suicidal.” 
He believes Lisa has made determined attempts through her lawyers to prevent him from having any contact with Haley, while he has sought shared custody. He states that each of them have “spent well over $100,000 in lawyer’s fees and that he feels that he “got clobbered every time for four years.”
At one point in 1990, under court order, they had psychiatric evaluations performed by Daniel Hollohan, MD, Ph.D., in Los Angeles. Dr. Hollohan’s report supports Michael’s contention about her resistance to joint custody, and based on independent documentation made available to him, Dr. Hollohan considered some of Lisa’s statements about Michael to be demonstrably false or misrepresentations. He described her personally as over dramatic and prone to easily feel victimized. He considered her to be “lacking injudgment and insight,” and during joint evaluation sessions with Haley and Lisa, she demonstrated that she was not tuned in to Haley’s needs, although unable to acknowledge it and “does every thingshe can to inhibit Haley’s attachment to her father.” This was in contrast to his evaluation of Michael who he characterized as sensitive, attentive, and affectionate toward Haley.
 Drug screening of Michael, done the day of this evaluation, was found to be negative for any drugs of abuse. Dr. Hollohan recommended joint custody. As a result of the above, Michael describes himself as very frustrated with the system. Since the latter part of 1989, when he left the house, he describes himself as preoccupied with time consuming legal entanglements, including meetings with attorneys and court appearances. His professional activities had become increasingly disrupted and disorganized, and he has with drawn from professional societies in which he previously took an active part. 
He began seeing Paul Smith, MD, a psychiatrist, in the latter part of 1989 for help in dealing personally with the situation, and because of feelings of depression. He was saddened by the restrictions placed on his contact with Haley, lost weight, was at times tearful, and occasionally, sometimes remained in his bedroom for two or three days at a time. There apparently were valid reasons for his feelings of resentment.
Dr. Hollohan, after his evaluation of both Michael and Lisa, and review of available documents, concluded in his report “It is my opinion that the legal maneuverings were for one purpose and one purpose only, and that was to prevent Dr. Grinberg from seeing his daughter, while at the same time exhausting him physically,emotionally and financially.
”Since he saw Dr. Smith, in the latter part of 1989, Michael has been on anti-depressant medication, initially nortriptyline and subsequently fluoxetine (Prozac), until he discontinued it himself the latter part of 1992. He considers it to have been very helpful in dealing with his symptoms of depression. His professional life had suffered markedly during this time. In addition to withdrawal from professional organizations, his practice had become disorganized. He had established treatment programs in his area of expertise in San Diego, and subsequently, after a move to New Orleans. 
In both cases he had worked hard and was successful, but he withdrew in each case after several months, either to return to San Diego to be near Haley in one instance, or because of unethical demands of a proprietary hospital in another. Otherwise, he limited himself to consultations such as workman’s compensation because he felt his mental state, and the demands of all the litigation, limited his ability to provide primary patient care in a responsible manner. He became increasingly isolated from friends. While initially he felt he had options, he increasingly felt that the options had narrowed and his only alternative was to give up paternal rights, which was extremelydistressing to him. He found himself losing all of the lawsuits.
Everything was going the wrong way,” and his money was exhausted. He felt victimized, and that Lisa would never leave him alone. During this time in early 1992, he developed a strange relationship. He was working in Orange County, doing workman’scompensation evaluations, and shared an apartment with Jeff, a social worker recently released from five years in prison, presumably for a drug offense. Through Jeff he met Howard who was dating Jeff’s sister. He clearly recognized Howard to be a sociopath, but was fascinated by him, and “had fun watching his schemes.” He invested $5,000 in a movie production deal through Howard, which he of course lost. Michael went to Mexico in December, 1993, and Howard did not join him as planned. When Michael returned, he found that Howard was in jail. Michael bailed Howard out, and when he met him at the LosAngeles Airport. Howard, who had known of Michael’s problems, told him “I’ll take care of Lisa for you.”
As Michael describes his circumstances at this time, his home had been foreclosed and he had a notice to get out, the month before he had lost his Health Maintenance organization job and had no money, he had given up a job in Chino, was working only occasionally doing workman’scomp evaluations, had not seen Dr. Smith for sometime and had run out of his medication two months before
 It was in these circumstances,as he was becoming increasingly depressed and isolated, with his perception that Lisa’s attorneys were implying in their contacts with him that they “Had me just where theywanted me,” that he agreed to meet with Howard in Chula Vista when Howard called and told him that he had set up someone “to take care of Lisa.” 
When asked during our interview how he reconciled in his own mind his decision to have Lisa killed, he said “It’s not me. I never hated Lisa I just needed to be with Haley.”
He again, at this point, described his frustrations in attempting to see Haley , the frustrating arrangements to try and see Haley at the YWCA, the repeated assertions by Lisa that “Haley doesn’t want to talk to you,” when he tried to make authorized telephone calls. He states that he has no insight into “how Howard controlled me,” adding “everyone said he’s no good, leave him alone.” 
When asked about what he anticipates for the future, he states that this depends on variables he has no control over, how long he will spend in prison, money, uncertainty on how he will earn money in the future, since he anticipates loss ofhis medical license. 
When asked whether or not Lisa would bein danger if he were released, he states, “I’ve lost. I’ll not be an MD anymore since I’ve confessed to an offense involving moral turpitude, I have no more money to fight her. I’ve devoted myself to helping people all these years but I can’t do that anymore. I wanted a family, I wanted to be an excellent father I don’t care anymore.”
He anticipates moving back to Kansas City near his parents,or even leaving the country, although he prefers San Diego and has hopes of finding employment here eventually. During the interview, Dr. Grinberg participated in an appropriate and cooperative manner, his speech was coherent and well organized, and he gave the impression he was making a sincere attempt to cooperate in the interview and in describing the circumstances that led to his incarceration. He appeared moderatelydepressed, as might be expected by his circumstances, but did not complain about his arrest or any aspects his incarceration. 
However, he clearly feels victimized by Lisa and the legal proceedings that have frustrated his attempts to get joint custody of Haley, and have exhausted him personally and financially. When it was pointed out to him during the interview that he seemed not be experiencing remorse about his attempt to solicit the murder of Cindy, he replied that since it was unsuccessful and she was alive, he probably did not feel the remorse he would had it been successful.
In summary, this is a relatively young professional person of exceptional promise, who enjoyed great success in his profession. Throughout his earlier years, during his education and professional practice, there has been no indication that he has the potential to engage in anti-social behavior, and certainly nothing so serious as solicitation to murder. There is a disparity which is difficult to explain between his earlier responsible behavior, including even his earlier two marriages which, although troubled, were certainly not unique, and the dispassionate discussion portrayed in the transcript of his discussion about the murder of the mother of hischild. One can speculate that his superior abilities had in the past made him successful in anything he had attempted.
Personally and professionally there was little that he could not master and control if he so wished. This, coupled with the extreme devotion he had for his daughter and the importance of being a father, must have contributed to intense frustration when he found himself impotent to prevail in circumstances beyond his control. The difficulty he had in accepting defeat in something so personally important to him, his feelings of victimization, and his persistence until he was nearly ruined, coupled with a depression which contributed to his feelings of hopelessness, seem to have resulted in a state of mind in which he could contemplate something so drastic and so different from what would have been expected from his previous life experiences. 
The possibility that he has a bi-polar manic-depressive disorder, of which the offense was a product, was considered. However, when asked about relevant symptoms he denied them. With the significant family history of affective disorder, and his knowledge of the role that manic symptoms would play in mitigating the offense, it is significant that he denied these symptoms, which would have been helpful to him, and helps to support the impression that he participated in the interview in a relatively straight forward and open manner. There is no way to know whether he would have taken the initiative to undertake such a course had it not been for his acquaintance with Howard.
According to Dr. Grinberg, he acquiesced to a plan proposed by Howard, and based on what we know of his past adjustment and values, it seems even more implausible to assume that he would seriously harm Lisa himself, or even that he would take a proactive stance in a solicitation. As to his future dangerousness, this is something one cannot know with any great certainty; however, there are some factors which would argue this was an isolated aberration. 
Although his taped conversation shows a callous attitude toward Lisa, his primary motivation was not hatred or revenge, but rather to attain his own ends, a paternal relationship to Haley, and the end of the litigation. It is perfectly obvious to him now that he has destroyed the possibility of a relationship with Haley, at least for the foreseeable future, and as a consequence, the outcome he sought is no longer attainable. Further, to the extent that his uncharacteristic behavior was contributed to by feelings of depression, hopelessness, and an inability to perceive any other options, control of these symptoms through appropriate therapy and monitoring would minimize the risk.
For all of these reasons I believe the future threat to Lisa is not great, and any threat to Haley is extremely unlikely. One can hope that out of this experience, and its sobering legal consequences, he will acquire the strength to regain his earlier potential, and that some day when Haley is an adult she will be able to reach out to him.
Preface
This is the story of a brilliant and compassionate psychiatrists who had an enviable career in medicine before he became entangled with female predator. She used lies, laws, lawyers, the courts, doctors, counselors, rhumors, time and money to seduce, browbeat, imprison and ultimately kill him to satisfy her twisted man hating mentality.
Joan, my companion, and I visited him in some of California’s most notorious prisons. We walked the grounds and ate in the cafeteria of California Men’s Colony East and West with him. At Folsom Prison, in Repress, we talked for hours. The same was true for Duel Vocational Institute (DVI) in Tracy, California where the summer and fall temperatures lingered over 100 degrees for days.
We also spent time in one of California’s newest and most over crowded penitentiaries, Avenal State Prison in Avenal. Many of our visits were confined to viewing him through a glass wall and talking on a telephone. We regularly witnessed the strength and character in Michael’s personality as the institution attempted to change him from a man of distinction and standing to an object with a number. We were awed by the drivel and trivial rules and regulations by the institutions. We learned that California’s prison guards exercise omnipresent power both inside and outside the prisons. Individually many are barely literate and they often do not speak English well enough to be understood yet they manage the inmate’s lives as if they were God Himself.
Michael’s intellect intimidated them and it was frequently noted in their reports that his mental ability made him a maximum security threat. These guards belong to an association that contributes millions of dollars to political causes and thereby exercise far reaching influence with governors, district attorneys, sheriffs, and law makers. The guards are brutal, and frequently inhumane, seldom sensitive or compasionate.
I watched the effects of beatings with clubs, cuffing his hands behind his back or chaining him in full body shackles and ultimately of locking him in a black hole of isolation with no fresh air and no sunlight for 90 days as they attempted to break his spirit. 
A guard at California Men’s Colony East, snatched a yarmulke from Michael’s head, spat on it and threw it into a garbage can. When he complained about the incident the guard denied it and Michael was punished for filing a false claim against a guard. At the beginning of every visit I always looked closely for evidence of bruises and injuries on his head and hands. Once I made an unscheduled visited just to have him removed from the hole for a few minutes visitation. The exercise of getting him out of the hole, giving him a shower and clean clothes and moving him across the yard, took them about two hours but it was worth the trouble. Inmates friends who had been incarcerated for a long time encouraged him to become a “wall flower”. Alas, he could not and so he endured six full years of brutality and inhumane treatment. Joan and I sometime wept as we left the prison grounds after visits because we could see what was happening to our friend.
Michael is now free of the California Prison Industry. He is not the same person he was when he was first incarcerated, he is much stronger and an even better person than he was before. He still stands straight and carries himself with dignity and poise and his mischievous personality is intact. His plans are to return to San Diego, reestablish his reputation as a psychiatrist and servant to society. The characters in this book are all fictional or composites of two or three persons, the location and sequence of dates and events are all fictional. Any resemblance to persons living or dead is purely coincidental. The names, dates, events, and places are a product of the imagination of the author and no other person participated in writing and developing it. This book is not an expose. The purpose of the story is to tell what happened to a highly respected man. The pretention of virtue in a society that allows law enforcement officials to entrap innocent people, for whatever reason, although reprehensible in its self, is secondary to the inhumanity of it all.
I am very sad to write that Michael took his own life in May 2011.
 
P.S. If you do not read anything else in this book, please turn to page 204 and read the official court document which is the foundation for this story.
John A. Johnson Alameda, California 
April 25, 2000
The Characters
Michael Grinberg, A brilliant psychiatrist who had never failed at anything until he met Lisa Cohen. It is an understatement today that after her, his medical career would be destroyed and his world of love and service changed forever. Lisa Cohen a psychotic man hater who had been molested by her father and her brother. She sets out to destroy the man, a renowned psychiatrist who had fathered her child. Her morose hagridden and addled brain spirals out of control as she flits from one man to another. Haley Cohen-Grinberg the innocent daughter who cared more for her father than she did her mother. She had no say in what happened to her. The time will come when she will go looking for her father. When she finds him she will be very happily surprised at whom he is but she will be angered for the years she hashed to go on without him. Howard Rhoads an intelligent sociopath who confounded his parents when he was a baby when he began talking at three months, potty trained himself at four months, walked and dressed himself at five months. He had completed high school before most people reach the age to start first grade. He continues to flaunt his intelligence which he has dedicated to a life of drugs and crime.
The Alleged Victim December 21, 1992, Del Mar, California The gloomy scheme before us is a mirror of the tangled subconscious mind of Lisa Cohen. She has secretly set out to deliberately destroy the illustrious medical career of Dr. Michael Grinberg who is the father of her four year old daughter. 
The day, Thursday, December 21, 1992 was dismal. It was raining and cold. Everything was wet. The trees, the grass, the buildings, even the air was drenched. A blustering chill blew inform the mystical dark blue waters of the Pacific Ocean. It was apropos weather for what was about to take place. The confidential psychiatric evaluation of Lisa laid open other dresser. She had read it with disdain, contempt and scorn. The report described her in unflattering psychopathological terms. It labeled her “a lost soul…lacking in credibility…untruthful…with defects in judgment, insight and perception”
Lisa had tortured herself about the report by reading it daily since she had won a million dollar suit against Grinberg for what she and her legal team called terrorism. That was two years previous. The report was dated August 7, 1990. She would deal with that psychiatrist who wrote the report later, today her hagridden addled brain was obsessed with a more pressing matter.
She hates men. For as long as she can remember she has hated men. Her hatred of men often baffled her. But not today. Today she knows who she hates. She hates her father and her brother. She can’t stand the name of Sam Stein, a man who had done her prodigious favors. And she abhors dozens of nameless men, past and present. Her hatred of men is the deep seated cornerstone of her character. It is the aggregate, the sum total of her personality.
Everything in her life flows out from her animosity for men. She hates one man in particular, Dr. Michael Grinberg because he is the father of Haley. Lisa stood willing to do anything to disgrace him. She has to prove a point to her friends, associates, and especially her doctors. The story that had been concocted in her twisted mind was that Michael Grinberg was an evil genius with plans to murderer her and her lover. Beginning early in the relationship she had claimed that he planned to kill her. When she could prove that point, then she would be ready to get rid of him. Dark as it was, this day was special to Lisa. 
So, as always on special days, she dressed in extravagant elegance. Today’s outfit was exceptional. A pale purple Armani Suit with purple Blanick shoes set off by a matching Luis Vinton handbag. Lisa Cohen never looked at the price of a garment. If she wanted it, that was all that mattered. This ensemble cost a staggering $10,000.00. Normally she would only spend half that much for an outfit but for very special occasions Lisa spent a lot more money. Today was a day so special that she felt that she would remember it forever. She employed two fashion consultants’ full time, shopping, buying and returning clothes for her. Both had worked long and hard to put this get up together. Over compensation! Over compensation is another character idiosyncrasy that shoves Lisa to and fro. In concert with her hatred for men, she so others her subconscious muddled ego by spending tens of thousands of dollars every month for personal clothing. It has been that way for a very long time. 
Lisa held a leather brief case in her left hand. Of course it was a Gucci. The knuckles on her left hand turned white from holding on so tight. She faced her own Rubicon, a point of no return. Tangled images flashed through her twisted and confused mind. There was no quibbling this time. This was over the line of no return. Nothing would ever be the same again, for Lisa, for her daughter, for Grinberg or for Grinberg’s huge and circumspect family.
“This is for Haley,” she to herself. “I am doing this for Haley. I love her and I want to protect her.”A dark window into Lisa’s embittered thinking was that she wished someone had protected her from her own father. This secret compartment houses the bedrock of her envenomed personality. Until he died, Alfred Cohen, everyone called him Al, her own father had molested her for most her life. She could never tell anyone. That shrouded fiction, which continued even through her college years, would never be revealed to a living person. Further, because her father did it, her brother took his own liberties wither also. She could not allow this to happen to Haley. It must stop and stay stopped. “This has to stop now,” Lisa said so loud that it shook her. She looked around to see if anyone was there to hear her. 
This was her perverted fantasy. That because her father Al had molested her, then her daughter’s father Michael must be molesting her daughter Haley. The psychiatric document on her dresser confirmed that there were no other reasons to believe that Dr. Grinberg, Haley’s father was a pervert excepting Lisa’s belief that her own father had done the same to her. It is no wonder the psychiatrist had labeled her “a lost soul.” Lisa felt a deep fear of public revelation.
It would be unfortunate if the truth of this episode ever surfaced. The truth being that Lisa alone, had conjured up the conspiracy to have Haley’s beloved father entrapped, discredited and convicted in a murder for hire crime in a sting and sent to prison. She would in fact pretend to have herself killed by Grinberg. To be safe she would be completely out of the country when the crime was to be committed. Once done, Lisa knew she would be cursed, especially by Haley, if Michael ever get out of prison and regain his rectitude.
What if the cursed psychiatric report ever became public? What, God forbid, if it was somehow uploaded to the internet for the world to see? There would be no place in the world to hide from the worldwide web. If that ever happened, Haley would learn the truth about what had happened. How could she ever explain that she did this as an act of love? She would have to take steps to see that explanation was never necessary. This meant that she was probably going to be involved in the Grinberg case a lot longer than first anticipated. 
But that was something to deal with in the future. It was too late to back out now. What lay ahead now were cataclysmic changes in the lives of many people. Lisa knew them all, and she knew them very well. The biggest change all was for Haley’s father, Dr. Michael Grinberg, a renowned San Diego Psychiatrist. His life’s dream would be shattered. He would be disgraced and banished from the practice of medicine forever. He had known since he was in elementary school that he wanted to be a psychiatrist. His prissy rich patients could go to hell as far as she was concerned. He would be imprisoned for decades, maybe more. He would be forgotten by his “high and mighty” professional friends. There was just something about professionals, mostly males, that riled Lisa and she felt a need to put them in their place. Eventually, she hoped that even his own family would abandon him. 
She especially scorned Michaels’s young brother Gary. Gary not only looked like Michael but he possessed that same incomprehensible overconfident egotistical Jewish persona. Michael loved his brother as much as any other human on the face of the earth, except for his daughter Haley. The feelings of endearment were mutual. In her delusion, Lisa even hoped to entrap Gary in the crime and send him to prison as well. If she had her way, Michael and Gary would spend the rest of their lives either in prison or as fugitives. In or out of prison, they would be humiliated, convicted felons, shunned by a relentlessly avenging and unforgiving society. Her flawed plans failed however, Gary has a built in danger detector, he did not fall into the trap.
ToC
Michael went into the abyss alone. Jails and prisons would became his retreat. Michael and those close to him would become familiar with the depressing grey walls at Old Folsom Prison where notorious murderers had spent their useless lives and died. They would experience over and over the hopelessness of the visiting room at California Men’s Colony in San Luis Obispo and at Avenal State Prison where heinous villains like Charles Manson and Tex Watson were housed. There are no words to adequately describe the hot stench of oppression and irredeemable dispair at one of California’s most over crowded maximum security prisons, Duel Vocational Institute, a benign sobriquet, located at Tracy in the San Joaquin Valley. If this is a vocational institute, God help us when it comes to prisons. One has to be there to experience the desolation it represents. Michael had never conceived of the life he would come to know as his own in the weeks and months and years ahead.
To this point in life he had only known success.He relished the tributes and accolades. He was elected class president in the 9th, 10th and 11th Grades in Lee’s Sumit, Missouri. He was the student body president in his senior year and valedictorian of his graduating class at Shawnee Mission High School, Overland Park, Kansas. He was designated the only “Presidential Scholar” from all high school seniors from the state of Kansas in 1966. At Brandies University in Boston, he won a full scholarship. He graduated Magna Cum Laude four years later and went on to University of California, SanDiego Medical School. There he earned scholarships and graduated with honors. He had already passed the California State Boards and had been licensed to practice medicine in California upon graduation.
While in medical school he purchased his own home in Delmar, California and through sales and trades he owned real-estate worth in excess of million dollars. All of this done before he was 25 years old. During his internship he taught psychiatry at University of California San Diego and remains listed on the faculty as an Adjunct Professor of Psychiatry long after he went to prison.
His private practice drew world wide attention and he had clients who were Hollywood Stars. He had never known anything remotely akin to the failure he was about to experience at the hands of Lisa Cohen. She had destroyed the lives of more than one of her forsaken lovers. Those had been practice runs and amateurish compared to what she was anticipating for Grinberg. Heartbreaking changes would also come to Grinberg’s large and circumspect Jewish family. They would be mortified and crushed with shame. Not understanding how this catastrophe had happened they would direct their anger at Michael who had never done anything to cause them pain. Lisa knew his family well. She felt no remorse. She knew his mother and his ailing father. She also knew his brother and sister. She had had luxurious Holiday dinners with his many Jewish cousins and friends. Her vicious dislike for this intimate circle of family and friends, bordered on insanity. Lisa felt a weightiness from it all. The thought of them evoke both anger and depression. It had to be done. 
The Conspiracy Grows
There was no stopping it now. Lisa was eager to finish what she had started. True it was her idea for the scheme to make it look like Michael had committed the crime. However it was now beyond her power to stop it. Too many people, too many places and too many things were entangled to back out now. Details of the plan were widely known in the San Diego law enforcement community. There were at least a dozen active participants. Three times that many knew about the plan including multiple local and state legal entities. Peace Officers in San Diego, Los Angeles, and Miami were all connected in nefarious ways. The San Diego Tribune/Union had the story all ready to print weeks before the trap was sprung. What a story!!! The plot had spawned life of its own.
The money inside the leather case is an example of how others became involved in the plot. It was a payment for just setting up the conspiracy. $1,000,000.00 in $20.00 bills in stacks of $500.00. Two thousand packs of $20.00 bills as agreed. The simple act of collecting and packaging the money had taken Lisa an entire week because she had had to go all the way to Westline, Kentucky to get the cash without arousing suspicion. Her old friend Sam Stein of Steinhart Stores fame got the cash for her—no questions asked. The case and the money combined weighed only fourteen pounds. The paper money in the Gucci case would pass through the metal detector and x-ray at the airport without detection.
The million dollars in the leather case was for William W. Westwood III, a.k.a. Howard Rhodes. Howard, as Lisa knew him. The informant had his own reasons for wanting Grinberg taken away. Moreover, if he was careful and invested this money wisely, he would never have to lie, cheat, steal, kill or peddle drugs again. Nor would he have to betray another friend. In the beginning Westwood wanted the money in gold. He had changed to cash when Lisa said to him.“OK. Let’s see. At $350.00 an ounce. That comes to more than two hundred pounds of gold. That is too much weight to carry on an airplane. Besides, gold will set off the metal detectors and then security will want to open the bags for inspection. So much gold will raise their suspicions.” Neither Westwood nor Lisa wanted that so she had called Stein to get the money for her.
The 1992 price for a contract murder in San Diego County was between $2,500.00 and $5,000.00 payable fifty percent with the deal and fifty percent on proof of delivery. But Lisa was not responsible for that money. Westwood was to get Michael to put up the blood money. There were still others in on the plot. There was a phony hitman, Nick Perez. He worked for the affiliate out of the San Diego County DA’s Office. He was the key to getting the job done right.
Others parties involved included the District Attorney, Lisa’s friend and lover for many years. Also, her personal attorney was an active participant. And, although it was unusual, even the Public Defenders Office got involved and appointed Fredrick F. Fredericksburg, a top California defense attorney to represent Westwood. The conspiracy reached all the way to Florida. There, the County District Attorney’s Office had arranged Westwood’s release from a Miami jail where he was being held on drug running charges. He was known as Westwood in Florida; Howard in California.
Westwood was involved with the Columbia Cali Drug Cartel which was smuggling up to thirty tons of cocaine a year through Miami. He was arrested by the same alliance that he was now joining in California. A cabal of local enforcers and attorneys transported Howard by limousine from the county jail to a private gate on the Westside of Dade County International Airport. There he boarded the Affiliate Prison Airlines Plane to be flown directly from Miami to San Diego’s Lindberg Field late Saturday afternoon. Lisa’s lawyers and representatives from the San Diego County District Attorney’s Office and his own public defender attorney picked Howard up in Lisa’s limousine at the private gate on the backside of the Airport.
His arrival was completely unnoticed. From the airport they drove directly to Lisa’s condo in Del Mar where Howard was to stay briefly while in San Diego County. Howard thrived on the high life represented by limousines and condos and conspiracies. This was the big time for Howard Rhodes. The next morning Lisa rode in her limousine to the condo in Del Mar to meet with Howard. She carried the leather case in her right hand. Her mind was burning with the thought.
“It is just about over. Finally, finally, finally he will be out of my sight forever.”An hour later she handed Westwood the bag. This time she did not take it back. The die was really cast now. It was going to happen for sure. “Now, tell me one more time what will happen.” Lisa said to Howard as she haltingly let go of the case containing the million dollars. Howard opened the case and thumbed through the stacks of twenties to make sure it was all there. 
“O.K.”, he said, “We’ll meet Nick Perez, an undercover cop from San Diego at the Chula Vista Motel. I’ll be there, Nick will be there. There’ll be a hidden video operator with a camera and an audio pickup. Nick’s done lots of this stuff before. It’ll be like shooting ducks on a pond. Ol’Nick helps to keep de’ DA in business with stings. It’s a scam. Nobody really cares.” Howard responded.“Nick’ll nail ‘dis guy like he has before. He’ll ask him questions and make’em answer so there ain’t no doubt that’e wants’ye dead. Nick’ll ax’em if ’e wants a funeral for ye and if ’e wants Tim dead. He’ll tellem that if ‘e kills both of ’ye it’ll look like a murder—suicide and they won’t even think to ask Michael if ’e had anything t’do with it. He’ll ask Michael if ’e’s ever tried to get you killed before and if Michael says yes Nickel asked what happened.”Howard was excited. “Don’t worry your little head about nothing, Nick will  take care of it all, once and for good. ”Impatiently Lisa asked, “When will it be done? By what date?” “It’ll take four or five weeks at most,” Howard replied. 
Satisfied with the plan, Lisa took Howard back to Lindberg Field in the limousine. Her driver pulled up to the drop off curb for Continental West Airlines where Howard had reservations for a first class flight back to Miami. Howard hopped out of the right side of the limousine, looked back at Lisa, winked and said, “Thanks for the bread.”Lisa’s smile disappeared as she watched him enter the Continental West door. Releaved that he was gone, she signaled the driver to proceed. The big limousine pulled out into the far left lane to exit the terminal at Lindberg Field and was shortly cruising south bound in the fast lane of Interstate Highway 5. Twenty five minutes later they were slowing to a stop at the inspection station on the Mexican Border at San Yseidro. The driver rolled down the window and told the inspector in Spanish that she was taking Ms. Cohen to the Tiajuana International Airport.“Gracias,” he replied and waved his right arm to indicate that it was OK to continue.
Another five minutes passed and the limousine pulled up at the terminal for Mexicana Airlines. Lisa stepped out of the mammoth car on the right side and slammed the door to signal the chauffeur to drive away without looking back. The limousine exited the Tijuana airport and entered the southbound lanes of Mexico Highway 20. She had been instructed to drive 200 miles before turning around and returning to San Diego.
Lisa stood at the curb. Having changed in the back seat of the limousine, she was now dressed in stone washed jeans, a t-shirt, no bra, plastic sandals and a wide brimmed straw hat. More relaxed, she entered the Mexicana Airlines door where she was warmly greeted by Tim, the man who would soon become her husband, the nanny, and Haley, who was now four years old.
Without waiting they boarded the first class section of a Mexicana Airlines 747 for a non-stop flight to New Guinea to wait in safety until the trap had been sprung and Grinberg jailed. Lisa had been very busy for the past six days. 
The Victim
June 22, 1987, Del Mar, California, Dr. Michael Grinberg sat at his desk in a sumptuous office Del Mar, California. He was at the top of his profession. His prosperityand reputation had come through hard work, including long days and late nights. The drive to succeed had also made him a bachelor again, for the third time. While some people considered him the most eligible bachelor in all of California, there was an ache in his heart that seemed to never go away. He maintained the capacity to go forward in spite of the personal anguish.He seated himself at his desk at 7:30 AM and he knew he would not return to his ocean view home again until midnight when he would take his dogs for a long cool walk. His mind was not on the accumulation of more wealth, material possessions or professional accolades. At this moment he was thinking about advances in medicine and psychiatry. His favorite part of the day was early morning. He used this time for serious study and meditation about new applications for advancing drugs in psychiatric medicine. 
A very sick patient arrived unexpectedly and interrupted his thoughts. Michael had long ago diagnosed her problem, histrionic personality disorder. Her prognosis was at first hopeful, but in the face of no improvement after years of therapy, now it was hopeless. She was the very wealthy heiress of a family that owned several sugar plantations in Hawaii. She had enough money to purchase most anything she wanted. Even so, she was unhappy. Michael knew what she needed. He had other patients like her.
“I just couldn’t wait. I have to see the doctor right now or I will kill myself. If I don’t kill myself I will kill somebody else,” she said, pushing her way past the receptionist.
“So nice to see you again, Angelica,” Michael said with patienceand humor. “What makes this day different from all otherdays?” He asked.
“Well to begin with, I slept not a wink all night,” she said.
“I see,” Michael said. “But that was what you said the day before yesterday when you were here at the crack of dawn,” he added.
“It does sound trivial when you put it that way,” she said. “Actually I wanted to tell you about my new grand baby” she went on to say. 
“I know she is a beautiful baby and that her mother and the nanny took her to California for a few days. Myra doesn’t like to leave the baby at home, I understand that. You told me that they will be home on Thursday. Has something changed?” Michael asked. “Oh, and would you like a hug this morning?” He continued.
Some professionals thought it inappropriate for a medical doctor to be so intimate as to actually touch and hug a patient. Michael was not one of those naysayers.
“That would help a lot,” she said. Michael gave her a great bear hug and she turned and walked out the door smiling, content for another day. Angelica had been in analysis for 13 years and there were times when she felt very maternal towards Dr. Grinberg. As a patient, she was too dependent on the doctor. She left the office humming an old Beetle’s tune, “There is more to life than a dollar bill.”
“I wish I could solve everybody’s problems with a hug like that,” Michael said to his secretary as he walked back into his private office. “Let’s see what we have on tap for the rest of the day. Bring the appointment book with you so we can get their records”he added. Here is what he found in the book:
June 22, 1987, 08:30 AM. Scott Peterman, a chronic alcoholic who wanted to kill his father.
09:30 AM Bobby Barrett, a transsexual public school teacher who had amputated his own penis.
10:30 AM Sandra King, a psychiatrist in analysis. She later took her own life after bearing a child by an unknown donner.
11:30 AM Patricia Coleman, homemaker who wanted a divorce.
Noon: Meeting of San Diego Chapter of International Forensic Psychiatrists
01:30 PM Christine Wachtler, homemaker whose spouse wanted a divorce.
02:30 PM Juanita Gonzales, a biracial prostitute addicted to sex.
03:30 PM Stephanie William, an 18 year old unmarried girl, pregnant with a biracial child, who wanted to kill herself.
04:30 PM Norman Bowles, a 6 year old genius enrolling in UCSDMedical School.
05:30 P.M. A group therapy meeting for transvestite couples.
Most appointment books did not contain this much personal data about clients. Dr. Grinberg however, kept this record in his possession at all times and could therefore conference about his patients regardless where he was. Without these notes he could have been a prisoner of his own office.
Michael’s secretary looked at him and said sternly. “Doctor Grinberg. This is 31 days in a row that you have had a schedule like this. I know that after the group you will go to the hospital and stay there until midnight. Then when you get home you will take those dogs out for a run and then maybe read journals for acouple of hours. That is not enough rest. I worry about you. So,this is it. You are either going to have to take a partner or cut backon your patient load. Otherwise you will have to get yourself an other assistant because I am not going to watch you work yourselfto death. Do you hear me?”
“I know,” he said. “But there are so many people who need help and I worked my entire life up to this time in preparation. I will think about the partner and I will rest while I am in Mexico next month,” he added.
Apart from that I am having Shabbat Dinner tonight, so I will go home early. Michael set about his day. Peterman the chronic alcoholic cried for the entire hour. His issues are complex and deep seated.He regrets his past improprieties and would like to close the dooron that part of his life. He can not see that these disturbing episodeswill someday become sources of strength and power. He did not know the meaning of either serenity or peace. He was ashamed and tired of the feelings of worthless. Self-pity consumed his days and nights.Peterman was selfish and self-centered. He never thought of the needs of others. His attitude and his outlook on life were negative.People scared him. He quivered at the thought of his financial situation. Life completely baffled him. He made his plight much worse because he hated the idea of God. While others prayed, hesaid nothing but looked around at everyone who was praying and thought to himself, “Who is listening to this nonsense?”Michael was not hopeful about Peterman’s future.. He had seen hundreds of addicts like him during his years at the Veterans Hospital in San Diego. Michael felt that Peterman was more pathetic and hopeless than anyone he had ever known. Although Michael liked to leave his patients on a more positive note, he told Peterman exactly what he thought.
“Scott,” Michael said to him at the end of the session. “I have never seen an alcoholic like you recover on his own. Mostly, your type is condemned to a future of progressive deterioration that includes physical and mental illness. Without help you are destined to spend time in hospitals and jails. Ultimately you are headed for either an insane asylum or a prison. This being the case you will finally end up with an early grave in a cemetery. I have however read about some who have had spiritual experiences that motivated them to stop drinking. Here is a well know book, The Variety of Religious Experiences, by William James the Father of American Psychology. He writes about the spiritual experiences of men and women from very part of the world, including Buddhists, Hindus, Jews, and even unbelievers. I want you to read it before you come in again. Then I want you to consider a referral to The Karl Jung Clinic in Zurich, Switzerland where you might learn about these spiritual experiences first hand. I will see you at the same time next week.” 
Bobby Barrett the transsexual teacher is next. Although it seemed unlikely, he is popular with his peers, students, and administrators. They all know about his sexual pre- disposition and it bothers them not. Bobby wants to begin dressing as a woman but is afraid of the reaction of parents and other forces outside the school. His frustrations led him to self mutilation of his penis. This led to an emergency penilectomy, a procedure to complete the gender alteration. That was three and a half years ago but fear has immobilized him and kept him from making the full gender transition. The change in clothing usually comes first in sex change situations and this event is very welcome by Bobby. He will try dressing like a woman evenings and weekends while he looks into relocating to the San Francisco Bay Area where the tolerance of individual sexual orientation is more cultivated. Bobby will be back in two weeks, sooner if needed.
Sandra King is a Medical Doctor completing her Psychiatric Residency at Veterans Hospital in San Diego. She wants to work on primal issues having to do with her family of origin. Sandra is certain that something dark happened when she was a child but does not know what it is. Dr. Grinberg has labeled it infantile amnesia, a disease so named by the famous American Communist writer, Howard Fast. Sandra will write about this issue every morning for the next seven days. Her assignment for the week is to make a list of all persons with whom she has had contact since birth, including parents, relatives, siblings, teachers, classmates, playmates, merchants, etc. before she returns in a week. She will try to identify exactly when and under what circumstances she had the first thought about this issue. 
Patricia Coleman and Christine Wachtler are both 49 years old housewives facing the empty nest syndrome, one being divorced and the other wanting a divorce. Patricia Coleman had met and married her physician husband in college where they were both in pre-med studies. Their marriage had all of the appearances of success. He was an outstanding success in medicine and she had turned her energies to home making and raising five beautiful daughters. Their home had been the center of attraction for the husband and the children and all of their friends during the 29 years of marriage. Her husband Thomas was as eager to return home from his practice as he was to work with people when he was on the job.
The five daughters, spaced 18 to 24 months apart likewise embraced home and its surroundings. The eldest was now 28 years old, married and a mother of three boys. The youngest, almost 20 years old was completing premedical training and would be in Medical School next year. The other three girls had all graduated from college and were working professionals, one a lawyer, one an accountant, and the next oldest a dentist. Thomas Coleman, her husband, has just turned fifty one and plans to retire from medicine next year and become a full time gardener which is what he always wanted to be. He does not know that Patricia is unhappy and contemplating a divorce.
Christine Wachtler met her lawyer husband after she graduated from college and became a teacher. He was just completing law school and his military service requirement when they met. She was 27 and he was 31 years old. The 22 year marriage had never been ideal. Early in the marriage her husband Sigismund had had a sperm count after they tried several attempts for her to become pregnant. To his surprise and chagrin, his production was very low and they were told that their only chance for a child was adoption. Within two years they had adopted a biracial female child from Yugoslavia and a male Asian child from Japan. Christine had continued to teach and make a home for herself and the children while Sigismund pursued a career first as an attorney and currently as a State Court Judge.
The marriage would not be accurately described as loveless, at least not in the beginning, but it had become that as time crept along. They both worked long hours at their professions. From the time the children were adopted to the present there was always a housekeeper, nanny, and baby sitter living in the servants’ quarters of the home. Both rose to the top of their professions by the time she was 40 years old. She was named teacher of the year in her local school, the county, the state and finally national teacher of the year. Sigismund was likewise attorney of the year in his firm, the local association, state association and finally national attorney of the year. The adopted children proved to be early bloomers. Both were national honor society students and merit scholars. The son was finally admitted to Stanford where he majored in computer engineering and quarterbacked the football team to a national title in his freshman year. The daughter was a pre-med student at Duke University in Durham, North Carolina. Christine had recently learned that Sigismund had been engaged in an affair with a male colleague for most of their marriage. He wanted a divorce. Such drastic measures would certainly mean a lower standard of living for her and the adopted children to say nothing of the public humiliation of having everyone know that she had lived with a bisexual man for so many years. When first informed of this turn of events she thought she was dying from heart failure because she simply could not breathe. The bottom-line was that Sigismund wanted a divorce and would do whatever necessary to get his way.
Although not an easy to concept to digest, both were dealing with the same problem, acceptance. Dr. Grinberg prescribed a simple solution. Both were given the same assignment. Michael asked them both to memorize the Acceptance Prayer and say it three times a day whether they believe in prayer or not. The Prayer reads as follows: “Acceptance is the answer to all my problems today. When I am disturbed it is because I find some person, place,  thing or situation; some fact of my life, unacceptable to me and I can find no serenity until I accept that person, place, thing or situation as being exactly the way it is supposed to be at this moment. Nothing, absolutely nothing happens in this world by mistake. Until I learn to accept life completely on life’s terms I cannot be happy. I need to concentrate not so much on what needs to be changed in the world as what needs to be changed in me and in my attitudes.”
Both will return next week. Michael was a non-conformist Jew with no compulsive behaviors or debilitating addictions. Nevertheless the spiritual solutions for individual problems embedded in the work of Alcoholic Anonymous attracted him. The Twelve Step Movement that started in Ohio and New York in the 1930s had now blossomed into principles that were applicable to many other problems. Sometimes these things worked when nothing else would.
 Juanita Gonzales is a biracial, bisexual, transvestite prostitute, addicted to sex. She is also the mother of four children by men of four different races. San Diego County Family Court ordered her to see Dr. Grinberg. She has so many complex psycho-social psychiatric issues that even Dr. Grinberg is having difficulty focusing on a single problem. She will return in a month, provided she can abstain from all sexual activity including masturbation. In addition, she is to seek spiritual directions from the Church of God Holiness in Christ. 
It is 3:30 P.M... Michael has seen six patients since he came in this morning, seven if you count Angelica. He had two more private sessions scheduled and a group at 5:30 PM. He learned at3:30 that Stephanie Williams, the 18 year old pregnant girl had attempted to take her life by jumping off the high part of the Coronado between San Diego and Treasure Island. She was in the hospital and would not be able to keep her appointment. Stephanie was the descendant of a proud pioneer family from Western Arkansas and the daughter of a college professor in a small Midwest religious college. Her behavior baffled and confused her bewildered parents when she became pregnant by an unemployed African American man with an extensive prison record. In the hopes that she would “come to her senses” the family had sent her to a home for unwed mothers in San Diego and insisted that she see the highly esteemed Dr. Grinberg on a weekly basis. Upon release from the hospital she will resume her scheduled appointments with the doctor. 
Fortunately Norman Bowles, the six year old genius, was early. Dr. Grinberg was fascinated by the phenomenon of such a person. He had in fact spent much of his professional career studying these brilliant anomalies. Norman’s broad range of interests and his extensive knowledge of Judaism kept the doctor on the edge of his seat, much to the amusement of the young genius. It was like dealing with a dozen interactive books at once. Michael saw him for an extended session. Norman will return next week. He does not need suggested directions from the doctor.
The meeting of transvestite couples began at exactly 5:30 P.M.with six couples. Michael introduced himself and had each member of the group introduce themselves and tell something interesting about themselves that they would like everyone to know. It was early but Michael gave them a couple’s assignment to find two things they liked about each other and instructed them to spend two hours during the next seven days alone with each other, uninterrupted by telephone, television, or other people. Then he explained that he needed to leave a few minutes early for a family affair. 
Lisa’s First Contact
He did not tell them about an express package had arrived at 4:54 P.M. with a large envelope from “the Princess”. She was responding to a similar missive he had sent the day before in response to her ad in the “Personals” of the National Enquirer. Michael would not normally be reading the National Enquirer but this particular edition had been sent to him by him one of his old college pals, sort of a joke. He had hurriedly read the response and looked at a few of the pictures and he was already excited about her.
Michael was expected at 7:00 P.M. for Shabbat Dinner at the home of his sister. His brother and his sister lived in North San Diego County, locally referred to as “North County”. They had Shabbat Dinners on the last Friday of each month. They took turns serving and this Friday it was Clinton’s turn so they would dine in Del Mar. There were two nephews, aged 7 and 11 that Michael enjoyed very much. The dinner guest tonight was to be Archie Gallagher who had been married to their mother when they were all a lot younger. Archie lived in Northern California where he had moved after his divorce from their mother. In an earlier stage of his career he had been a teacher and a cartographer but now made his living as a writer. It would be a traditional Jewish dinner. 
Even though they did not consider themselves very religious but this meal was always Kosher. In addition to the Yiddish cuisine, table conversations were always interesting. Gary, Michael and Archie shared a common interest in early American History, particularly the Jeffersonian Era. Currently they were musing over Stephen Ambrose’s’ Undaunted Courage, the story of the Lewis and Clark Expedition. All three were seduced by the stamina and will power required to travel up stream on swift flowing rivers, cross extensive fields of cacti, thorns, forests and plains, defend against Indian attacks, climb high mountains, find food and shelter in all kinds of weather and still keep a detailed journal of the journey including minutiae descriptions of plants and animals encountered. 
Michael had tipped the courier who delivered the package from the princess with two crisp clean twenty dollar bills. Dr. Grinberg was widely acclaimed for his politeness and generous tips, usually made with clean crisp twenty dollar bills. His restaurant parties were commonly seated in favorable spots at local restaurants. If the matrie’d knew in advance that he was coming, extraordinary preparations were made by owners, managers another employees. Frequently a local gossip columnist reported where he dined, what was served and with whom.
Occasionally an unnamed reporter furnished the topic of conversation and the exact tip in the morning news. Michael’s favorite topic for discussion, when he was allowed to choose, was the social, political or economic developments in Israel. He was especially interested in alternative sources of power, energy and water in Israel. These topics consumed many hours of his spare time. Tonight however, the table conversation would center around the possibilities of the new woman in his life, Lisa Cohen.
Michael was first to arrive at the home on Ricardo Drive in Del Mar at 6:45 P.M. Normally he arrived promptly at the appointed time or a few minutes late, more likely a few minutes late. But tonight he was thirty minutes early. Only his sister and the boys were home they were still dressing.
Michael was excited and ran through the house and called out to up the stairs. “Guess what!!!”
In no mood to play guessing games with Michael at this time his sister yelled back to him: “I don’t know and I don’t care right now. My hair is not dry and the boys are not dressed and I don’t have a thing to wear. Mercedes is in the kitchen getting dinner. Go out back and talk to Gus, he’ll play with you.”
Michael thought to himself. “She hasn’t changed a bit since we were kids. No wonder she is on her fourth husband and she is only thirty one. At this rate she will out do Liz Taylor by a long shot.”
He walked through the living room and dining room into the kitchen where he was warmly greeted by Mercedes. Mercedes was more than a cook and housekeeper. She was like one of the family and had, in fact, moved from Kansas to California to be take care of the babies when they were born. Mercedes had worked for family as cook, housekeeper and confidant for many years. She was devoted to the Grinbergs as though they were her own children or grandchildren. In the kitchen she greeted Michael with a warm hug and friendly smile.
“I’ll guess what. Does it have to do with a new woman in your life?” she asked teasingly. Mercedes could do that. She had been at his home in Kansas when he came home from school and called out to his mom, “Guess what?” That time it turned out to be that he had been asked to the senior prom by a senior girl three years older than he was. “Is she older or younger than you this time?” Mercedes teased some more
.“She is younger and I am going out to talk to Gus. He will not ask insolent questions like that.” Michael teased fondly as he headed for Gus’s cage in the back yard. Gus was a giant male New Zealand McCaw raised from an egg in a basket. New Zealand McCaws are much bigger than the smaller strain that originates in South America. Gus now reaching maturity at fifteen years of age had a magnificent wing span of fourteen feet. His sensational shimmering iridescent red, blue and green feathers were brilliant. Even in the large steel cage that was his home, the bird was princely and majestic. At maturity New Zealand McCaws are thought to have the mental ability of a five or six year old child. With this mentality Gus was just like an immature child. 
When nephew Timothy was born Gus was jealous. He pouted, screamed, threw his food, refused to eat, and when the baby cried Gus learned to mimic the cry. This imitation of a baby crying provided many hours of confusion until they learn to distinguish the differences in the sounds Timothy made for food, belly ache, or attention. Gus, as smart as he was never got the variety of sounds perfected beyond the noise of panic. With Gus outside, sounding like a child in distress, a neighbor once got involved and one called the police to report child abuse because the baby cry so much. 
Four armed members of the Del Mar Children Protective Services came to check out the complaint. When they discovered that it was about a bird, they reported the incident to the local newspaper. The story made national headlines; even CNN News did a major story on “RealTV” while other networks commented on it for the humor. Jay Leno invited them to be on the Tonight’s Show.
“Hi Gus” Michael said as he approached the cage. While in medical school Michael had volunteered as a caretaker at the San Diego Zoo and the San Diego Wild Life Ranch where he learned to communicate with animals like Gus.
“Hi, Michael,” Gus replied sounding much like a six year old child. He knew family and friends by name. Gus and Michael were friends.
“Got a new lady in my life Gus, want to hear about her?” Michael asked as Gus latched onto the top of the cage and held himself upside down.
“Hi, Michael,” Gus said again as though he had not said it before.
“I said; Hi, Gus, got a new lady in my life. Want to hear about her? Michael repeated.
Gus replied, “Oh. Hi, Michael.”
“OK,”Michael said as though Gus had replied  properly. “How about this. Want some apple?” Michael loved animals. He frequently said that if he could start over he would become an animal doctor. He especially loved dogs and birds and big animals. They acquired Gus when she and her boy friend had lived at Michael’s Del Mar Estate. They had constructed an aviary across the back side of the yard and raised exotic birds. At the height of their enterprise they had 400 large exotic birds living on the side of the hill.
Neighbors grumbled, but Michael sold the compound before anything came of the objections. Gus was one of the hatchlings from the outlandish bird enterprise. Gus climbed across the top of the cage and down the side to where Michael held a slice of apple. Michael let him take it in his beak and while Gus’s mouth was full Michael scratched the top of his head. Gus liked both the apple and the scratch so he was still for a moment.
The rest of the family arrived promptly at 6:55 P.M... They had moved to California and lived at Michael’s Del Mar Compound for eight years before they married. During that time they took a year off from school and did extensive travels in Africa. Neither of them have forgotten those experiences and the bond which now tied them together. They had been married for thirteen years, lived in their own homeland had one child. His brother had had one job, that of a stock broker. The brother walked around the house where Gus lived. Michael was still standing by the cage scratching Gus’s head. Brother thought he heard Michael talking to Gus.
“That bad, huh Michael. No body to talk to a bird. Life is tough in the fast lane isn’t it.” he joked. A decade separated them in age but their love and respect for each other was clear from their interaction. The Brother had lived with Michael during the summers after the 8th Grade and then he lived with Michael and attended College in San Diego at the State University where he majored in finance.
But they were different. Brother had had one girl friend and she became his wife. They had met his freshman year at the University of Kansas and had been together since. After graduating college but before he went to work he had interviewed all of the major brokerage houses in San Diego. E.F. Hutton was his first choice so he wrote them a letter and told them he wanted to work for them. They wrote back that they were not hiring just now but they said they would interview him for a job when one came open. Not put off, he went for the interview and even though they were not hiring, they offered him a job and sent him to New York for training.
They would decide which office he would work in when he came back from school. At the E.F. Hutton Training Center he was rated so highly that by the time he returned to San Diego County go to work, all of the offices wanted him. Again he interviewed the four top offices and made his decision as to which one he wanted to work in. To the surprise of many he chose Escondido. His selection was based on the many new developments in Northeast San Diego County. Once he made the decision he never looked back and he stayed in that job until it was appropriate for him to move.
When he moved it was to the Rancho Santa Fe office. He had a modest home in a gated community in the inland city of Encinitas, about twenty minutes from where Michael lived. However with the family growing they would be moving to a larger home in the same town.
Archie Gallager arrived promptly at 7:00 P.M., his reputation for promptness fully intact. He had made it a point to never be late for an appointment but over the years he had become more and more obsessive about being on time and he was teased about it. Brother especially teased him because he had been subjected to Archie’s on time compulsion more than Michael. But they all enjoyed a laugh about it as did Archie. They gathered around the table and when everyone was seated they bowed their heads and Michael chanted a prayer much like religious Jews pray. “BO-RUCH A-TOH A-DO-NOY, E-LO-HAYNOOME-LECH HO-O-LAM, BO-RAY P’REE HA-GO-FEN. Blessed Art Thou O Lord our G-d Ruler of the Universe. BORUCHA-TOH A-DO-NOY, E-LO-HAY-NOO ME-LECH HO-OLAM,A-SHER BO-CHAR BO-NOO MEE-KOL OM, V’RO-M’MONOOMEE-KOL LO-SHON, V’KEED-SHO-NOO B’MEETZ-VOSOV.VA-TEE-TEN LO-NOO A-DO-NOY E-LO-HAY-NOO B’AHA-VOH. Blessed Art Thou, O Lord our God, Who hast chosen us for Thy service from among the nations, exalting us by making us holy through Thy commandments BO-RUCH A-TOH A-DONOY,E-LO-HAY-NOO ME-LECH HO-O-LOM, HA-MO-TZEEELE-CHEM MEEN HO-O-RETZ. Blessed Art Thou, O Lord, Our God, King of the Universe, Who bringest forth bread from the earth.”
In spite of the prayer which came from a Haggadah, none of the diners thought of themselves as very religious. Mercedes had prepared a traditional KOSHER dinner. Chickens oup with matzo balls, Hallah bread and beef brisket. Stuffed cabbage, tossed green salad. For beverages she served Mogen David Kosher Grape Wine and Kosher Grape Juice. The latter was for Archie who could not tolerate alcohol, even in wine. For those who wanted it ice water and coffee were available. She had prepared cheese cake with fresh straw berries for desert. All the glasses, including the children’s glass were filled with Wine except one. Gallagher’s glass had grape juice. He had not drunk anything with alcohol in it for more than a decade now. The primary reason for the divorce from their mother was Archie’s alcoholism. 
When he was sober he was a wonderful loving and interesting man. But when he was drinking all bets were off about what would happen next. Anything was liable to come up. Archie still embarrassed by his drinking at a wedding of a prominent Jewish family. The day of the wedding, Archie started drinking early in the morning, several hours before normal people would even think of drinking anything more than water or coffee or a soft drink. The wedding was scheduled for 3:00 P.M. with a reception following at the family estate in prestigious Leewood, Kansas. All of the important Jews of Kansas City were invited and attended. The wedding was a beautiful event and aunts, uncles, cousins, and childhood friends were all there as were the  groom’s relatives and friends. The bride and groom both were born and raised in Kansas City. The friends and family were all busy visiting and enjoying the ceremony and no one wondered what Archie was doing. Archie had already drunk enough before he arrived at the wedding to be sure that he would not come up short and was in fact intoxicated upon arrival. Just in case, he went directly to the champagne and drank a couple of glasses.
Advanced alcoholics have difficulty judging how much they are drinking, how much they have already drunk, and how inebriated they are at any one time. Just to make sure there was enough, Archie had stashed a bottle of Peppermint Schnapps in the trunk of his car just in case he needed a boost. Dressed in a pastel yellow suit and wishing to be helpful, Archie went out and parked cars for arriving guests. It was a dirty and dusty activity. Not until the end of the event and into the evening did anyone notice what had happened.
After everything was over Archie wanted to go to a hotel and have a later dinner. Brother took one look at him and his dirty yellow suit and said.“Where have you been. I’m not going anywhere with you looking like that. You have to go home and change.”
For Archie, it was all about drinking, but if anybody noticed what it was about, nobody said anything. It would be another five years before Archie found his way to sobriety. By then he had been divorced from their mother and financially bankrupt. Having lost his business and livelihood, Archie had packed up and moved to Northern California where he started a new life. Even at times like this, after a decade of sobriety, he dared not take one drink because he believes that if he begins drinking again he will never be able to stop completely. That being the case, it is best to not start.
When all the food was served and drinks replenished, the family settled down to eat.
Michael could wait no longer. He spoke up. “Guess what. I think I have found the woman of my dreams. Or maybe she has found me.”
“Uncle Michael! You said that about Aunt Jana when you married her, didn’t you.” Seven year old Timothy said to Michael. Everyone laughed.“Out of the mouth of babes.” Michael said with humor.
“I know. I know.” Michael replied. “I’ve said it before. But I really mean it this time. I believe this is the woman of my dreams.”
“Do you have her picture? Why is she not here for dinner, if she is so perfect and right?” someone chided.
“I do have her picture right here.” He pulled out the photo that Lisa had labeled “Me without you.” “Pass it around,” he said and handed them the picture. Lisa was indeed stunning. The photo showed a tall woman with long blond hair and a nice well formed body. She wore a fitted evening gown with gold Lemay sequins which complimented her frame. She stood on the balcony of her Del Mar Condo, “the Get Away”, and stared at the blue waters of the Pacific Ocean. Michael started to tell what he knew about her.
“She is a never been married non-religious Jewish Princess from Boston. Graduated from Boston Harvard High School, San Diego State University and she runs her own import business here in Blackhawk. Her dad died but her single sister and mom live near her home and business in the same community. She likes movies, travel, books, music, animals, exercise and she wants kids but does not necessarily want to get married. What else could a guy want? I think I’m in love,” he said.“Of course I only learned about her this morning and we have not met in person yet. I plan to call her when I get home and set up a meeting, maybe tomorrow if she is up to it.” Michael said rather sheepishly. 
Everyone agreed that it sounded promising. Archie said: “If it’s meant to be, it’s meant to be.”
The conversation lagged as everyone concentrated on the tasty dinner that Mercedes had prepared.
Everyone knew that Gallagher only comes to town when he is working on something asked. “What brings you to San Diego, Archie?”
Archie paused as he usually did before he spoke. Finally he said, “Well. Of course you all know that I retired from the map business a couple of years ago and now that I am free from the responsibility of doing for everyone else, I am able to do what I want to do. You will recall that I always fancied myself as a writer without a portfolio. In the olden days I wrote business plans and descriptions for laboratory equipment. But now I am writing more creatively. I am developing a writer’s portfolio now.
“Two years ago I wrote creative descriptions for school districts in Humboldt County California. These descriptions were the first ones that had ever been done for the schools in that county. They were greatly appreciated and applauded by school officials and school board members. Then I wrote and published a book that I presumptuously called Official Handbook California School District Mapping. It explains how school districts are organized and reorganized and why and how the districts can obtain maps for their school districts. The book was well received but I did not make any money on the book itself. It has been good for my reputation however because the book won the Guggenheim Decennial Prize for Cartography. The Guggenheim Prize is only given once in ten years.“I am in San Diego doing research on a novel about the affair d’amour between organized crime of the law enforcement establishment. The title tells what the book is about. I have tentatively named it Haley: A Story Of Disgrace and Shame “By Reason Of A Society That Approves A Police Policy That Nurtures Criminal Conduct to Justify A Commitment To Law Enforcement.
I have never done a novel before but I am having a lot of fun. I try to write three thousand words a day or ten printed pages. Believe it or not, I never know when I start what is going to happen in a segment. Like this morning when I sat down to write about the Shabbat Dinner tonight I did not know what was going to happen. I just wanted to use it to create characters for the back ground to the rest of the story and here we are almost ten pages for the day.”
Gary said. “That ought to make you very popular with the law and order crowd. Where did you get such an idea?”
Everyone laughed and Archie continued.“I got the idea from a visit to Jack London Ranch in Sonoma County. Jack London is one of California’s Literary Heroes. He wrote fifty one books before his death at age forty, many of them published as long as fifty years after he died. In the museum at his ranch they have his desks and manuscripts, chairs, typewriter, photos, and memorabilia of his world  travels. The little I learned about him in a few hours inspired me to do more of what I like to do, write. London wrote three thousand words or ten pages a day. Usually he wrote in the morning and did ranch work or got drunk in the afternoon. Of course I am a lot older than Jack London but if he used this technique for success then so can I. I wrote and had my first article published when I was about years old and I published numerous articles when I was teaching. Also, I completed my first book when I was 28 years old. I sent the first draft to a man I thought was my friend. He was so critical of the draft that I could never find the energy to revise the book and publish it although I did get several articles from the project. I still have the manuscript. I was young and ambitious in those days and I titled it, The Young Men Are Heroes, a History of the Medal of Honor Winners from Arkansas. I think I did more raw research on that book than any other project I have done, including my master’s thesis and my doctoral dissertation. After I complete the novel I may go back and revise it, just for completion if nothing else.”Everybody yawned and looked cross-eyed and laughed. 
The little ones fidgeted. Michael had another glass of wine. It was clear that Archie had more than answered the question so he stopped with the recitation. With a little more small talk Michael announced that he had to get home to make the telephone call to Lisa. The boys were getting ready for the Bar Mitzvah. Archie looked forward to getting back to the hotel and making new notes for his story. Mercedes began to clear away the dishes and everyone prepared to leave the table for their destinations.
They all stood and Michael said. “Why don’t I do the after dinner prayer and we can go.”Everyone agreed and Michael continued. “Y’HEE SHAYMA-DO-NOY M’VO-ROCH MAY-A-TOH V’AD O-LOM. AMAN.On behalf of all those assembled at this table, we offer thanks to G-d for the food of which we have eaten.”Everyone, including the little ones said “A-MAN.”Within a few minutes the guests were gone. All agreed “It really would be wonderful if Michael found a workable relationship. 
“This could be the one.” brother said. “And I am really encouraged that Archie has managed to stay sober for such a longtime. You know, after all these years he is still fearful that he will return to drinking someday.”
And so, the foregoing tells what life was like for the Grinbergs and friends before Lisa Cohen entered the picture.
The Conspiracy
December 15, 1992, Michael left San Diego the middle of December expecting Howard to join him at the condo in Puerto Vallarta, Mexico for the Christmas holidays. The contract murder of Lisa still had not been suggested to him but the snare was in place and the imaginary victim was safely out of the country. Howard, with the million dollars in his hands, decided to skip the vacation in Mexico with Michael and spend the time in Palm Beach with his elderly father and mother who had retired and moved away from San Diego. Michael, though concerned, knew how undependable Howard could be so he decided to wait until his returned to the States to check on Howard’s whereabouts.
The conspiracy was something Lisa had outlined in her mind over and over. She had decided that when, if ever, an opportunity arose to do it, she would. But it could not happen too soon for her satisfaction. She had waited a long time to be free. First, from her father Al who had passed away just before she met Michael through National Inquirer personals add that her mother had created without her knowing about it. Now she wanted her freedom from Michael. Then it happened. December 10, 1992. Lisa could hardly contain her excitement. She held her emotions back and would not let herself hope that it could happen so quickly.
But it erupted in her mind as she spoke on the telephone to her Cousin Linda’s boy friend, Howard Rhodes. She knew that for some reason Howard resented Grinberg but she did not know why. She knew that hews obsessive about getting revenge. But she thought, “Michael is so good to him. Why does he hate him so?”Howard Rhodes had many endearing traits. He was the kind of guy that makes everyone laugh. He always had some zany project perking for excitement. With most people his schemes were straight like going dancing or night clubbing at one of San Diego’s many bars. The Nite Hawk Club, where transvestites performed nightly to the delight of straight audiences, was one his favorite haunts. He might have an outing to a beach in Mexico or a trip to the San Diego Wild Life Park. Frequently he scheduled a quick weekend flight to Columbia or other South American destinations. Where ever Howard went he was playful and it was fun. His guests were always pleasantly surprised by his antics. 
There was another side to Howard that few people ever saw. It was the part of him that harbored resentments. This side of him existed in the shadows of humanity. Although outwardly enjoyable, most of his time on a trip to South America was lived in the shadows. His was a deadly business, smuggling Columbia Cali Cartel Cocaine or Heroin into Miami or San Diego or Houston or other drug centers. One slip in security and planning and he could be in a lot of trouble. Living on both sides of the law, Howard knew a lot of good and bad people. Sometimes it was difficult to differentiate between the two. This dark side of Howard was the one that had attracted Mike’s interest and liking. This was accentuated because Grinberg knew both of Howard’s parents and of Howard’s high IQ.
Also, his criminal past fascinated the psychiatrist. That was the just one of many reasons Grinberg allowed Howard to be a long term guest at Grinberg’s condo in Crown Beach. The doctor wanted to learn as much as he could about what had happened to Howard between the time he left his parents’ home in 1975 at the age of seven and now. Lisa had first disapproved of Westwood but now she had reason to be glad he was there. Howard had difficulty separating the good guys from the bad guys, especially if a pretty woman was involved. That was what happened on his last run to Brazil in December 1992. He was supposed to vacation with Grinberg in Mexico. Instead Howard told him he had to go to Florida to see his elderly parents. Howard was partying and having fun and let his guard down just enough for a slip. That was how He and Nick connected for one more stings. Nick Perez worked with the Federal Bureau of Information, Central Information Agency, and a San Diego Police Affiliate, Security Tracking Intelligence Narcotics Group. 
The sting looked like a part of the police establishment but in reality it was an underworld crime organization smuggling drugs into the United States from South America. The Affiliate Sting functioned on the periphery of respectability, but not one of its associates had any direct connections with legitimacy. Nor were they identified as organized crime. The Affiliate was virtually invisible. Sting’s purpose was to set up conspiracies to commit crimes by entrapping targeted persons, turning them over the local District Attorney and moving on to their next victim. No one knew what would happen to all the cases when the sting finally wound its way to the Supreme Court and was declared unconstitutional. Promising a criminal a deal in return for testimony or setting up asting was like paying someone to commit a crime. The line between the cops and the robbers becomes very blurred at this point.
December 15, 1992 Miami, Florida. Howard had been caught in an Affiliate set up through the Dade County District Attorney’s Office in Miami. It was carelessness on his part when he was smitten by a stewardess who happened to work with the CIA. He had given in to bragging when he told her exactly what he was doing and where he was doing it. With the information provided by the stewardess, the Dade County District Attorney Office had arrested Howard in a Miami Hotel where he had gone to make a delivery. He unsuspectingly walked into the hotel pulling a carryon bag with wheels holding fourteen four-pound cocaine bricks weighing fifty six pounds total. This was enough dope to supply all of California’s criminal drug trade for thirty days. Wholesale value was twelve million dollars, cash. Street value was estimated to be up to two hundred fifty million dollars. William W. Westwood III, a.k.a. Howard Rhodes was in serious trouble. 
This one offense would result in a sentence of twenty years, maybe life. A bond of ten million dollars was requested and granted by the Federal Judge for South Florida. Howard had to make a deal and make it fast if he wanted to escape the indictment. The morning of December 17, 1992, Lisa’s friend Linda Byron came to Lisa for her help in obtaining the release of Linda’s boyfriend. William W. Westwood III, AKA Howard Rhodes. He was in a Miami jail on a drug trafficking charge and needed help making bail. Lisa already knew that Westwood was a drug importer and associated with underworld characters. Lisa knew this and a lot more because Howard was a long-term guest at Grinberg’s Crown Point condo. She had learned about his criminal past from Paul Hamilton, San Diego District Attorney, with whom she had had a relationship for a number of years. When then news of the circumstances of Westwood’s arrest and the enormous bond in Miami reached her in San Diego, Lisa made a monumental connection between that deal in Miami, the San Diego Affiliate, and what she wanted to do to Michael Grinberg It was almost too good to be true. Could she possibly make an arrangement that would get rid of Michael Grinberg and Howard Rhoades at the same time? She was sure she could get rid of Howard for good by giving him enough money so he could live independently and not need money from her friend Linda. And she could now get Michael taken care of. But, could she get rid of Grinberg’s Jewish friends and family at the same time? They all had such a Kmart mentality. There was a way to find out if it would work. She would do it now.
She asked Linda to have Howard call her collect. When the telephone rang early the next morning and she heard Howard’s voice, she waited no time.
He said tentatively, “It’s Howard Rhoades, you wanted a call from me?”
“Yes,” Lisa replied calmly. “How would you like to earn a cool million dollars?”
Howard did not reply. Lisa hastily added, “It will be a murder-for-hire sting with the San Diego Police Department. You will be completely anonymous and guaranteed protection”. 
“No problem. Just get me out of here,” Howard replied.
“Stay there and wait. We will arrange your pickup,” she said
The Conspirators
Del Mar, California December 18, 1992. A telephone call to, Lisa’s personal attorney set the wheels in motion. The attorney was associated with the San Diego Judiciary through Judge Arron Fagon. Fagon’s son drove a new Jaguar, paid for by Lisa through her attorney, for favors the Judge had granted in Lisa’s multimillion dollar lawsuit against Grinberg two years prior. Fagon had suppressed the “Psych. Report” that lay open on Lisa’s dresser. That had cost a bundle.
Wayne made a couple of telephone calls and then notified Lisa that a deal for the set up was possible. She was to meet him in his office the next day and bring her friend, Linda. He told her to be ready to act on a moment’s notice. She was ready. 
Lisa arrived at Crowder’s office the next morning at 10:00A.M. Linda, having been notified by Lisa to be there, arrived early. Also present were San Diego Prosecutor Marcus Kosiskyco of the DA’s Office. He was Crowder’s old college roommate. The highly respected public defender,
Fredrick F. Fredericksburg, representing Rhoades arrived a few minuets after ten. A completely legal criminal conspiracy involving both the prosecution and the defense was forming. The only way Grinberg could escape being arrested, prosecuted, convicted and disgraced with a sentence to a long prison term was to decline the proposal to kill Lisa and report that to the civil authorities. Even that might not be enough to save him from ruin.
Anxiety impregnated the room. Nerves tensed but no one spoke. Lisa lit a cigarette and added to the discomfort of all. The smoke drifted around the room in poison finger like clouds. She was the only one in the group that  smoked and she could care less what the others thought. Lisa had taken up smoking again during the conflict with Michael, maybe because he had despised her smoking. It’s a free world and she would smoke any place she pleased, especially in her lawyer’s office. Everyone in the room was indebted to her. She owned them all and they continued to profited from her generosity
 Her attorney broke the silence. “Before we go any further with this deal I want it clear that I’m not here, Lisa’s not here, Linda’s not here, Kosiskyco’s not here; this meeting is not happening. Is that understood? Is there anybody who does not agree?” He said as he looked sharply into the eyes of every person in the room. No one spoke or moved to object.
He continued. “Fine! With that out of the way I’ll let Kosi tell you what we anticipate will happen. If everyone agrees we’ll go ahead on the deal. Unless something comes up unexpectedly, Howard will be on his way to San Diego from Miami by noon tomorrow.
“OK!! Kisi.” Wayne still called his friend, Kisi since their college days.
Kosiskyco spoke: “Well this type of operation is a vital tool in law enforcement. What we do is find an individual who is susceptible to suggestions. In the case of a set up for murder like this one, we find a someone who is depressed and distracted by severe personal problems”.
He went on, “Grinberg meets the criteria. He has been severely distressed by Lisa’s recent suit where she obtained a multimillion dollar judgment against him. How she won it will not become public knowledge for several years, if ever. So the fact that she won by lying, cheating and bribing the judge in the case is not relevant now. The fact remains, she won. And as you can imagine, Grinberg is mad as hell. Everything he does seems to turn against him as far as Lisa is concerned.
He can’t see his daughter anymore and he owes Lisa a million dollars. To add insult to injury, she took a treasured coin collection that he and his Grandfather Joseph Grinberg had put together in Kansas City. The coins were of little monetary value as collectibles but the emotional and the sentimental value made it priceless to Grinberg. When Michael was a little boy he and his grandfather had ridden a bus from the suburbs to downtown Kansas City on a weekly basis for years to buy coins at the main bank. Lisa took the coin collection by court order and sold it for just a few dollars, primarily to hurt Michael.
 Now you know why he is mad as hell and cannot think straight.”
Kosiskyco continued, “We tell him that we will “take care” of his problem with Lisa. He will not know until it is too late that when we say “take care” of his problem we are talking murder. What he doesn’t know will be his downfall. We will meet with him and talk about “taking care” of his problem with Lisa. He will not know that we are talking “murder for hire” and the supposed finger is an undercover police officer. The entire episode will be videotaped and recorded. We’ll interview him and set the price.“Later, when he shows up and makes the down payment we ask him some incriminating questions. Does he want it to look like an accident or murder suicide.? Does he want the body found? 
If he doesn’t object, and I mean really object, and say no this is not what he had in mind and he is going to call the cops on us, if he doesn’t do that to prove his innocence, we will close in on him. In this case he will go to prison for 12 to 20 years with possible paroles. Frequently, this type of crime sets the guy up for a life sentence if he breaks parole. In California, parole violations are handled by the CDC, California Department of Corrections. A convicted felon, stripped of  rights, can be accused  of a violation by anybody. No proof is required to lock the felon up for a long time. In some cases, men have spent their entire lives trying to serve a short sentence because a parole violation suspends time and they simply remain in limbo. Often the CDC will contact parole officers to get parole violators to fill empty beds in a prison. 
Grinberg will be gone for along long time.“Viola you Lisa, get rid of your problem for good and your local police gets credit for keeping a murder from happening. It doesn’t matter that it is a set up by the police or a genuine crime, the end is the same. Unless he says no we got him on tape and the doctor is gone bye bye for a long, long, time.”
Silence prevailed. Finally, He asked Lisa, “Well, what do you think now? It’s that easy?”
Lisa exclaimed. “Yes she eagerly exclaimed!” Yes, it is easy!! But someday a judge will look at these set ups and say “hey, this is paying a criminal to commit a crime, just to get a criminal to commit a criminal act. Kind of like the movies, you can’t really tell the crooks from the cops.”
Kisi replied; “That is what we are counting on with Grinberg. He is smart but not smart enough to see through this one. He is too depressed and confused for that.” 
Lisa said: “OK. Let’s get it started, NOW! I can’t wait to get rid of that psycho bastard!!! He has caused me so much trouble” “I’d do anything to see him rot in hell. Too bad we can’t kill him and just dump his body on the freeway somewhere.”
Her hatred erupted. Her eye twitched. Denial hid the truth from Lisa and kept her from knowing that it was Alfred Cohen, her father that she hated so much. Al had taken advantage of her for all of her life, right up until the day he died. That the perceived object of her hatred and scorn was the very circumspect and internationally renowned San Diego psychiatrist, Phi Beta Kappa Dr. Michael Mark Grinberg, MD, a third generation Jew of Russian descent. His  grandparents had immigrated to the United States to escape death in the persecution in the early 20th Century.
He was always smarter than anyone, including his mother, father, and his teachers. Somewhat handicapped at birth when the attending physician damaged his left eye by holding the forceps too tight around his head. Michael had been the first in his family to graduate from college and he was the pride and joy of all of his extended family. It was often heard “my son the doctor”, “my brother the doctor” or “my cousin the doctor” 
A HidingPlace
February 1, 1993, Prince Albert, New Guinea Still two weeks to wait. Lisa and Tim, now married, relaxed in the mountains of New Guinea with  Haley and the nanny. The nanny and Haley always had their own quarters that included separate bath and kitchen. A full month had passed since she paid Howard Rhodes to set up the sting to entrap Michael in a scam murder for hire
 Although a safe 12,000 miles separated her from San Diego, she was still nervous and the twich in her left eye betrayed the serenity of the surroundings. The magnificent view of the Tasman Sea reminded her of her hide-away condominium in Del Mar.
She stood naked in front of the large wall mirror. She spent a lot of time with that mirror just staring. The tight ass of her youth was gone, stretch marks spoiled her once beautiful stomach, her big hooked nose curved downward, (God only knows how much larger it will be before it stops growing, if it stops) intruding wrinkles like crow’s feet formed around her eyes and her breast sagged. Her left eye twitched. Still, tonight she liked what she saw in the mirror. True, age was exacting a heavy toll. She was not aging gracefully, but she told herself that she did not look bad for a woman near forty. Besides, she had been very large when she had the baby. 
The eye twitch was the only external manifestation of strong emotions in Lisa. She had had these twitches every time her father molested her as he had done from the time she was one year old until his death five years ago. The twitch always reminded her of her father’s abuses. She would never, never, never forget how degraded she felt, nor would she reveal the secret to a living soul.
The twitch now was caused by the stress from the meetings over the past few weeks. First with the lawyers. After that she met with Rhoades and she gave him the money. Next was the long wait for set up to be carried out. Besides the twitch in her left eye, Lisa was now experiencing the premenstrual stress syndrome as she did every month about three days before her period. She was one of those people whose skin oozes a putrid odor from its pores. For her it was worse when she was under pressure, as she had been these past few weeks. It took a lot of Newman’s Passion to cover it up and she thought of Michael who never passed up an opportunity to mention it when they were together.
Then she thought of Howard Rhoades.“Rhoades is really low class scum. He would sell his mother’s body and soul for enough money.” She thought to herself, “but finally that super smart ass psychiatrist is going to be behind bars. It cost a lot of money but I have lots of that and whatever it cost it is worth it.” 
She breathed a sigh of relief. She would have gladly paid twice as much. Control, always maneuvering for control. That was the single actuality of her life. She would do anything to be in control or to have the artifice of control. Lisa was a tall, 5”10”, blond, powerfully inclined physically, but a rapidly aging female. But, she looked very good on paper. She had almost everything a woman her age could ask for except she wasn’t young anymore. She was a financial success in a competitive men’s world of specialty food imports. This was a business she had literally seized from her father in the ebbing years of his deceitful life. Alfred Cohen had wanted to cash out of the company, take the money, and move to Israel. Lisa had other ideas. She wanted to expand the business, using computers to replace people there by increasing profits. She believed that Alfred stood between her and success so that he could manipulate her as he had done all of her life.
Nobody knew Alfred Cohen like Lisa knew him. She really knew him as a pedophile in technical terms, child molester in real life. Deep down, Lisa believed that all men were like that. She had to protect her daughter from them all. Sam Stein, legendary founder of Stein’s Mart, had provided her a way out of that nightmare. Sam had promised her exclusive specialty food import contracts in return for the special favors she did for him. Morally he could do no more though she was willing. As soon as Lisa had the business in her control, Sam had come through and quadrupled his orders for every item on Lisa’s line card.
Her mind wandered back through the years. Elementary school always came easy for her. As a result of early schooling she was reading well beyond her six years when she entered the first grade. Alfred always kissed her as he dropped her off at the door of the school and when he picked her up at the end of the school day. He insisted that she sit next to him in the car and on most days he put his arm around her and his hand fell on her right breast or it felon her left leg where his hand slipped between her legs. It always felt funny but she did not say anything.
The only emotional expression ever was a slight twitch in the left eye. But Alfred could not see that. Moreover, had he seen it he would not have cared? The images raced back and forth through Lisa’s memory, first to elementary school and then into high school and college. She had managed to get Alfred to stop the public kissing in high school and college but he always fondled her when they were in private. Even after college she could not stop him. She allowed him to touch her because it made her feel like she was in control if she allowed it. That was not the extent of the indignities she suffered at home. Her brother, now a respected baby doctor in Laguna Hills, had been aware of her father’s liberties. During his adolescent years he, too, slipped into her bed at night after everyone in the house was asleep. At first he just fondled her but before it ended he had penetrated her numerous times. To Lisa it seemed the normal thing to do since both her father and her brother did it.
She remains confused about the right or wrong of it, while she genuinely hates both her brother and the memory of her father. Before the end her sense of reason and understanding had reached a state of convolution. No wonder her brother thought of her as a “lost soul”. Timothy, that is her brother’s name, tried to make it up to her when he realized that the behavior was considered immoral and wrong. He hoped that no one would ever know. The predicament intensified because the abuse became indelibly fixed into Lisa’s sub consciousness and her life revolved around that aberration. She had to work extra hard to cover it up. Thus the habit of overdressing and over competing and overcompensating in everything in her life, including her escape from home as well as her hatred of the opposite sex. College became a means to escape for Lisa. She had selected one as far from home and Alfred and Timothy as possible. 
At Diego State University she met all of these requirements. In College she was a stunning beauty with a Venus like body. She attracted the most popular men on campus. Lisa was a member Aztec Cheerleader Squad for all four years. Her GPA was 4.0 on a 4.0 scale.“A’s”, all she ever received academically were “A’s”a fact that would stand her in good stead and motivate her in business later. It mystified her that she was never acknowledged for her intellectual prowess except for what it did for her as a businesswoman. Lisa breathed a sigh of relief that it would all be over soon. She relaxed and her mind drifted back to the time when she received her first communication from Dr. Grinberg. It seemed so long ago but actually only five years had passed. There was so much hope in that first encounter. And now it came to this. Soooo much had happened.
A Personal Flashback
4:30 P.M., Thursday, June 22, 1987, Del Mar, California. Michael Mark Grinberg, MD worked quietly in his office in Del Mar with a full view of the Pacific Ocean. He had been there since 7:30 A.M. and had had his first patient contact shortly before 8:00A.M. He had been with seven patients plus he was the luncheon speaker for the International Forensic Psychiatric Association meeting at noon.
A raw pain gnawed at his heart. It waste unquenchable anguish that he had known as a child when his family moved from one town to another and he missed his friends. This was the same feeling he had had when his best friend Albert Reid died in a swimming pool when he was eleven and another friend, Robert Goldberg, had died in an automobile accident when he was a junior in high school. Finally it was kin to the shattering pain he felt the night he learned that his mother was divorcing his father. Michael pressed through the pain that terrible night and gave the valedictorian address for his high school.
This current hurt was for Jana, his second wife. Jana walked into his office one day unannounced and informed him that she had just undergone an abortion procedure because she did not want to bear a child by him and besides that, wanted a divorce. Jana already had two children when she married Michael. He had learned to love them as his own but Jana had taken them and moved to New York City to be near her parents. So for Michael it was back to square one with pain and confusion. He missed them all, Jana and Jana’s kids, and the aborted child he would never know. It had been several months but the hurt felt fresh, like it was today. Would he never find a lasting love? Would he ever find a soul mate with which he could share all? Michael wanted somebody that he could love unconditionally and who would love him the same way. 
At 37, time was running out on the prospects of fatherhood. He now experienced confusion, anxiety, dismay, remorse and regret. He had everything he wanted except an heir to carry on his heritage. More than anything else he wanted a child of his own. In desperation,
Michael picked up the recent issues of National Enquirer that an old college friend had personally brought by his office. Unconsciously he turned to the personal ads again. He looked at the ad his friend had circled in red ink. Michael had never even read the personals much less responded to one. Only losers and has beens do the personal thing. Academic studies had shown that most personal ads were descriptions of how a person wished he/she were or how they were 20 years before, seldom accurate to the present day. His eyes fixed on the description of a woman who sounded as desperate as he felt.
 It read: “Single, stylish, financially independent professional, non religious, university education, trim and very pretty Jewish Princess. Does not smoke or use drugs, moderate drinker. Enjoys dancing, movies, books, stage plays, opera, light rock and jazz. Thirtyish. Looking for soul mate with same qualities for possible long term relationship and children. Send reply with photographs to: P.O. Box 777, La Jolla, and Ca. 94501.”Again and again Michael read the ad then he read it again. After digesting every word in the circle he became excited. His decision was to respond to this one, just this one and never again. He became excited again and hardly knew what to do. He realized that after sending a response to the ad he would have to wait for an answer. He did not want to wait another minute. He had been so excited about her the day before that he had sent a courier with his detailed response. 
This is what she received. Michael Mark Grinberg, MD, 1155 Del Mar Drive Del Mar, California Member of California Medical Board, Fellow American Psychiatric Association June 21, 1987 “Dear Princess, I can’t tell you how excited I am to be writing you. First off, I never read the personals. Second, if I did I would never respond to one. But your ad could not describe what I am looking for more had I written it myself. So here I am, 37 years old, twice married and divorced, no children, financially independent, a not very religious Jew. I am stylish, trim and well groomed. I like books, movies, plays, music, foreign and domestic travel.
I do not do drugs and only drink a glass of wine with dinner. I, too, am looking for a soul mate who would like to have children. I also love dogs and I am enclosing photos my two dogs, Sur and Carmel. They have been with me along time. As you can see from my letterhead I am a board certified Medical Doctor and a Psychiatrist. My specialty is phobias but what gets most attention is my sex therapy. I am a graduate of the University of California San Diego. I also graduated Suma Cum Laude with a B.S. Degree, from Brandies University in Boston. My early years were spent in the area of Kansas City. I graduated with honors from Shawnee Mission High School, Shawnee Mission, Kansas. In high school I was active in school politics and was Class President in Grades Nine, Ten, Eleven and Student Body President in my Senior Year.
You might say I was academically gifted and enjoyed school politics very much. I am the oldest of three children. Both my mother and father is second generation immigrant Jews. My mother’s mother came from Russia and her father came from Latvia. My father’s parents also came from the old country. My mother has five sisters and a brother in the Kansas City area and my aunts and uncle have produced a considerable number of children, all are first cousins. It was a tight knit family and we all attended services together and celebrated Jewish Holidays by feasting together at different homes. Although we are not very religious, everyone was confirmed or circumcised at birth and all males Bar Mitzphed and females BatMitzphed and of course all marriages are done with a Rabbi in synagogue. Every family places the Mezuzah on the front door post, signifying that this house is under the protection of G-d. While attending UCSD Med School, I purchased a home in Del Mar Heights and lived there for three years during which time good fortune struck and the house tripled in price. I sold it and purchased an estate with an ocean view where I have lived for ten years. Recently, I sold that house and have made an offer on an estate on Carmel Valley Road. I expect escrow to close within the next couple of months. My brother Gary and his wife, Nancy, live in Rancho Santa Fe. He is a stockbroker and Vice-President at Bull Drum Investments. My sister Rhonda lives in Del Mar with her husband Jan who owns and flies Del Mar Balloons. My mom and dad are divorced and both live in Overland Park, Kansas. My dad remarried and stayed that way but my mom remarried and divorced twice since I left home. My dad refers to mom’s husbands as his husbands-in-law. We all seem to get along well and one of my former step-fathers, Archie Gallagher, continues his friendship with me and my brother and sister. He is in fact in town this week end and we will be dining together this Friday evening for Shabbat’s 
I said earlier I like both domestic and foreign travel. I covered the United States, East to West and California, North to South in a VW Bus in the 1960s. Big Sur is my favorite place in California. Internationally I have traveled extensively: Africa, Asia, South America, and Europe. My favorite international site is Monte Pitch of the Peru Highlands in South America. 
As you can see I am trying to impress you. I feel so certain that we are soul mates that I am enclosing the following photographs: Baby Picture, First Grade Picture, Bar Mitzvah Photo, High School Graduation, Brandies University, Graduation CUDS Graduation, Picture of My First House, Picture of My Second House, Picture of My New House, Family Photo with Me, Mother, Father, Brother and Sister, Photo of the VW Bus at Grand Canyon, Photo of Sur and Carmel, Photo of me at Monte Pitched Peru, Photo of me on beach in Maui, Photo of me on Safari in Africa, Current photo of me without you’ Please reply soon, I can hardly wait. Michael The package with the letter and the photos were sent out by special courier the next morning, Thursday, June 21, 1987.
The StoolPigeon
How does it happen that a man becomes so depraved that he betrays a good friend setting him up to become a convicted felon, denied parental rights to his only child, discredited in public and private life, disbarred from his profession, imprisoned for a half of the remainder of his life and branded a criminal? What kind of a man can do such a thing? 
Rhetorical questions!! No indeed!! The answer outlines of the life and times of William W. Westwood, III, criminal extraordinaryand an associate of the San Diego County Prosecutor’s Office  in real life. Howard is the second of two children of Dr. and Mrs. W.W.Westwood, II, Professor of Molecular Medicine at University of California, San Diego and President of the University. He is the grandson of Dr. and Mrs. W.W. Westwood, founder and first President of theUniversity. When Howard was born he was expected to do even greater things than either his famous father or grandfather.Precocious was what the pediatrician said when Howard uttered his first words at 110 days. No records exist recording a child speaking that early. Soon they needed a new word to describe Howard. He was self potty trained at four months, walking and dressing himself at five months, reading little books at eight months, doing math calculations in his head at twelve months. On and on, to the consternation of everyone who knew about hisdevelopment. He had mastered all the subjects needed for high school graduation before his sixth birthday when he would have normally started kindergarten. For the next year he studied for the entrance examination at Brighton University in England and made a perfect score when he sat for the examination one week before his seventh birthday.
What do you do with a child wonder?” President Westwood II asked his Psychiatrist Dr. Michael M. Grinberg as they sat in the doctor’s office high on a hill over looking the deep blue waters of the Pacific Ocean. President Westwood II had been in analysis with Dr. Grinberg for more than a decade. Since William III’s birth Dr. Grinberg had ardently followed his development.
Having been something of a child prodigy himself, Dr. Grinberg had helpful knowledge from both personal and professional experiences. The two men had discussed William III on many occasions but this one was different, it was critical. It was time to make an important decision, one that would affect the lives of the Westwood family. The decision had to do with William III’s ongoing education. Dr. Grinberg opined. “First you have to understand that although William III is unusual to you, as a part of the human race, he is commonly uncommon. Taken in the whole spectrum of life, one of every fifty million persons born are born as gifted as he is. This means that on the earth today there may be approximately twenty-five, more or less, William III’s at all times.
I, of course do not know where all of them are and they are not all the same age so they are not easily identified. Several of them may be working in a rice paddy in China. Another one may be herding reindeer in Greenland and of course a few of them are established in various universities as professors where they teach and do research. Ordinarily these exceptional geniuses cloak their precocious intellectual prowess in a shroud of anonymity. Even a one year old marvel learns to act like an ordinary one year old from the way it is treated by adults. Most of these highly intelligent men and women learn to function on an even keel and appear to be average in every way. This is how William III is different; he does not hide his intelligence.” Dr. Grinberg paused. He always paused when he had an impish plot in mind. “If you are willing, and so you can better make this decision, I have made arrangements for you to get to know three of the most intelligent people in the world. You had no way to know before this but two of these people happen to be employees at your own university.
Here are their names. You can best serve the interests of yourself, William III, and the university by getting acquainted with these two individuals without letting them know that you are observing them or what your intentions are. The third one will welcome to you in the course of your daily life. You will not know who iris. Here are the names of the two, number three will be revealed later,” the psychiatrist said as he handed President Westwood II a half-slip of paper. “Call me when you are ready to talk again.” Dr. Grinberg smiled. He loved mysteries and suspense. Professor Westwood took the paper, folded it and placed it neatly in his shirt pocket without looking at the names. He was hopeful that a solution would develop from this exercise. He would discuss today’s therapy session with his wife at dinner tonight. When the President returned to his office he was greeted withal warm smile from Julie Lang, his personal secretary. She was more like a personal assistant than a secretary. When he wanted something done, she was the one who he turned to first. He was always impressed with her job performance. Today was no different. “I need your help with something of great importance, Julie,”he said as he walked past her desk into his office.
His office was very presidential. Plush regal purple carpet, a large oval desk and a leather executive chair were set against a background of flags representing the United States, California, and the University. One wall held his academic and honorary degrees and those of his father who occupied the office before him. There was room for a display of William III’s credentials if and when that time came. Lang immediately followed him into his office and took her place to the right of his desk where she sat taking dictation. Her steno pad open and a pen in her hand, she was ready for action. This was the way they worked on a normal day. President Williams II smiled obligingly. He realized that he had overstated his intentions and made a mental note to himself that he really needed a vacation. He sat down in his chair, pulled himself up to the desk, folded his hands under his chin, took a deep breath, and waited. “Julie. You know Muriel and I have been overwhelmed with William III. Since he uttered his first word at four and a half months, I have been somewhat successful in separating my life here at the University from my domestic life, especially William III. But now he has developed to the point that we cannot shield his precocity from the public and that may cause some conflict here at the University.”
He paused again. “People like William III often grow up to be very normal. In fact, I am told that we have two employees of the University who are gifted with supreme intelligence but perform their duties and function like average people. I do not know them although I am told that they know me. I want to get acquainted with them and observe their behavior without them knowing what I am doing. Being very smart, they may be hard to fool. Not only do I need your assistance, I must have your supreme confidentiality. No one must ever know.” He said. “Of course! I will do everything I can to help including not letting on what you are doing,” she replied.
“Fine!”  Dr. Grinberg suggested that I get acquainted with some university employees. I need the personnel files of these two individuals.” He handed her the paper, never having looked at the names. Had he looked he would have been in for a grand surprise. “Please pick the files up in person and don’t speak to anyone about this, even on the telephone. Do not utter the names of the persons on the list aloud. Return the files and this paper with the names on it back to me. Oh, and one more thing, when you’ve retrieved these files from personnel you may take off the rest of the afternoon.” He added with a generous smile. The afternoon off meant that he did not want to be disturbed. It also meant that Julie could do what she liked to do best—spend three hours at the mall shopping. Julie took the paper, still folded, and held it in her hand.
“Is that all?” She asked.
“That’s all.” He said. “And thank you for understanding,” he added with appreciation.
President William II had never known anyone as sweet as Julie. She was the best helper a man could want. Julie smiled differentially and left the room. President William II remained seated at his desk with his chin resting on his hands. He just sat there thinking aloud. “Why me, God, why me?” The heavy burden seemed heavier than ever. Julie held the small bit of paper tightly in her hand as she replaced her steno pad in its place to the left of the keyboard former computer. She quickly closed the program she had left running on her computer, picked up her umbrella and bag and stepped out the door.
Down the elevator, into the lobby and out the revolving doors into the sunshine she scurried. She squinted as she walked directly across the quadrangle to the entrance labeled personnel. Without a side glance she hurried into the office of the Director of Personnel and closed the door. Thomas Lang looked up from his desk into her face. All of the color had left her face. She looked as though she would faint momentarily. “President William II asked me to retrieve the personnel files of the two names on this paper.” Without speaking she handed Thomas the paper still folded. He unfolded the note and saw the two names printed. He flushed as he spoke the names: Julie Musky, Lang Thomas Musky Lang
The FirstLetter
2:30pm, Friday, June 30, 1987 Lisa sat at her desk in her office on the top floor of the Black Mountain Building. Black Mountain Imports was the name of her specialty food supply business that she had inherited from her father Alfred when he died three years previously. It was Friday afternoon and again she was facing another weekend at home wither mother and Puff Puff her Lab-Husky mixed breed. She and the dog lived in her lofty home on top of a rocky foothill in Eastern San Diego County. She would probably swim and spend the day lounging around her mammoth pool and tennis complex. Her prestigious home address was Blackhawk but her life social life could be addressed to the pits, it lacked vigor and satisfaction. Lisa kept a secret condo in Del Mar which she used just to get away with Paul, a married lover. At other times she “loaned” it to clients who wanted to get away.She had never married. Partly because she never found anyone she could love but mostly because of the distorted relationship she had with Alfred. As long as his ghosts were around, she would never be able to develop a loving and affectionate tie with another man. That had been misappropriated by Alfred. It seemed now that he was gone she ought to be able to have a loving relationship. Not that she had not tried, but it just never worked out. The truth was too much for her to fully acknowledge, she could not allow it to completely surface.
In the shadow of all of this, next to her father was the long affair she had had with Paul Pfingst, San Diego County District Attorney. She might have really loved him had he been able to leave his family and divorce his wife. Lisa never pushed him on that issue because of Alfred. Paul loved his own children and was a good father, a phenomenon that made Lisa want him even more. She also wanted children other own. Lisa did not know how to establish and maintain a loving relationship with another human being. The idea of a true partnership was alien to her misshapen psyche. 
That was the probity she was about to survey when her mother, Sandy, came scurrying in the door without knocking. She was so aflame with excitement that she forgot to tell her driver how long she would be so he parked the limousine in the street where he stopped and waited with the engine running. Her mother did not drive anymore and Lisa provided her with a limousine and a driver. Sandy, as everyone called her, was still attractive at age 82 and had many suitors both older and younger than herself, now that Alfred was gone. But she worried about Lisa not having a loving man to be with in the future. Sandy felt responsible for Lisa’s happiness because she was 47 years old when Lisa was born. That was what motivated her to place the ad in the National Inquirer “Personals” without even consulting Lisa.
Sandy felt that it would be OK with Lisa. A response to the ad was what brought her to Lisa’s office in such a state of excitement today. She had just received, via courier from Del Mar, a large packet from Dr. Michael Mark Grinberg. It was addressed to “The Princess” at a special P.O. Box where it was picked up by the special delivery service and brought directly to her home. Sandy had only briefly looked at the reply and the photos when she felt compelled to rush to Lisa’s office with the news. Her match maker plan was working.
Lisa did not share her mother’s enthusiasm. She had done the personal thing before without letting anyone know about it. What she got when she did it was old guys looking for a younger woman or an old guy who thought of himself as 20 years younger than he was.
One was an old dude who had been at Pearl Harbor when the Japanese attacked in December 1941. Lisa was not born until 1961 so if the old dude was say twenty at Pearl Harbor and she was born twenty one years later, he had to be at least 41 years her senior. Seldom had any of the men who answered been Jewish, always an iron clad requirement in Lisa’s ads. That she was skeptical is understandable. But her mother enthusiastically pointed out that he was a Jewish doctor. What mother could resist a Jewish doctor for her favorite daughter? He was also 35 years old and obviously very successful. He loved his mother, his father, his grandfather, his brother and sister, his dogs and heaven spoke kindly of his stepfather. He even sent photographs of everyone including his dogs. He liked to travel and, most of all, he wants children, now. Lisa heard the last sentence, “. . . and most of all he wants children now.” She had everything but a husband and children. Lisa wanted children and Sandy knew she wanted children now. “Lisa, this is a match made in Heaven!” Sandy said triumphantly. “We must answer immediately. The limousine is waiting. Let’s run home and get some pictures and send a reply by messenger service before he leaves the office today.” 
One would have thought he was Sandy’s prospect she was talking about. Sandy did not need any help for herself but she felt guilty because Lisa did not have a man or men like she did. A few minutes later they were back at the Blackhawk mansion rushing around selecting photographs with which to impress the new doctor. “Let’s keep it simple.” Lisa said to her mother timidly. Taking a hint from what Michael had sent they selected: A Baby Picture, A Confirmation Picture, A Bat Mitzvah Picture, A High School Trip to Israel, A High School Cheer Leader Photograph, A High School Graduation Photo, A College Cheer Leader Photograph, College Gradation Photograph, Trip to Europe after College Photograph, Lisa in Hong Kong, Lisa in Japan, Lisa in Egypt, Lisa on Madagascar, Lisa, her mother, her father and her sister Lena. A Photo of Grandfather Cohen, Photo of me without you, Black Mountain Imports Suite 111, Black Mountain Building, Blackhawk, California 92399 (619) 523-3042 June 30, 1987.
Dear Michael,
I just received your introduction package and if I may say so, I am more than a little skeptical. You know the old saying “if it sounds too good to be true, it probably is.” Well, you just sound too good to be true. Forgive my skepticism but no one could be all of these things you say you are and still be available at your age. In fact, you are a male version of how I think see myself. That someone also said “If it appears that there is a reason that someone that good is available at any age, there must be a reason.”
 I warn you Michael Mark Grinberg, if you are putting me on I’ll get you back in Double Spades.”So, here goes nothing (or something I hope). Like yours, my grandparents on my mother’s side immigrated from Russia and Germany where they escaped Pogroms. My mother had four sisters and four brothers all of whom lived in and around Boston. My father, a descendant of Sephardic Jews, came to American 1925 with his parents on a small boat by way of Mexico. They settled in Boston where his four sisters and brothers still live. There are so many cousins from both sides of the family that we could populate a small village. I have one sister and one brother. We are not very religious although all males are circumcised and Bar Mitzaphed and girls Bat Mitzaphed. We went to Synagogue on Saturdays and had dinner together at different homes on holidays. Most Fridays we had Shabbat Dinner at someone’s homer everyone came to our house. All of my cousins, who are married, did it in a Synagogue. I know this doesn’t sound “not very religious “but it is true we don’t think of ourselves as religious. If I ever have children I want them to have what I had in family life. I see you graduated from Brandies University in Boston—this may be a good omen. Several of my cousins and my brother attended Brandies University although they were not old enough or were too old to have been there when you were. Every one of us, my cousins and my siblings, graduated High School at Boston Harvard High. This is the high school founded and developed by Harvard University that provided college preparatory education as did the lower schools, Boston Harvard Middle School and Boston Harvard Elementary School. 
The emphasis in the curriculum is the classics and the extracurricular focus is gymnastics. BHHS’s football, basketball, and baseball teams all dominated the high school athletics in the East. At the end of the most seasons, BHHS took the championship trophy home. I studied a lot and was a member of the girls basketball team but my favorite activity was cheerleading. I was a cheer leader in middle school and high school. I was also a cheerleader for four years at the San Diego State University where I started as a recreation major but then switched to my first love, business.
After graduating from SDSU I moved to San Diego where I opened a branch office for my father’s import food business which later named Blackhawk Imports. First I lived in Del Mar where I bought the condo which I named “Get Away”. I still have it and I go there just go get away and sometimes I loan it to clients who want to get away. 
My father Alfred Cohen came for a visit shortly after I opened the office. He liked it so well that he and mom moved to San Diego County and settled in Blackhawk. I have maintained the office in Boston for “appearance only” purposes. In reality, now that my father is deceased, it is just a P.O. Box. I keep hoping that I will have children someday and one of them may want to expand the business there as I did when I came to San Diego. My commercial practices have proven to be profitable. With computer and my personal secretary I import specialty foods from around the world. All of my accounts are serviced via the internet where my assistant and I preview and order new products which are transferred to my own web page http://www.blackhawkimports:com.
My clients, some people call them customers, see new products and place orders via the internet. My first successes came with one large account, Wallenstein Mart, founded by, Samuel S. Wallenstein, an old man in Northwest Arkansas. That alone would be enough but other chains have come on board as clients because it is much more cost efficient. My cybernetic business bypasses the traditional commercial buyers and sales people. In many companies it is my computers communicating with their computers. My commission checks are automatically computed and deposited in my bank without ever crossing my desk. Of course it is recorded in my data base and is accessible by me and my assistant only. My other large clients are Price Club, K-Mart, Safeway, Lucky, 7-11 and all Recall Drugs.
You can see from the above, I am not married. Unlike you, I have never married. I have never met anyone that I thought I wanted to marry although I have lived with a two of men for what I call short terms, once 15 months and once for 30 months. (I hope you are not expecting a virgin). In high school and college I dated quite a lot around school activities but once I graduated college and started the business here in San Diego, I have not done much. Some because of the live in referred to above but mostly because I have been too busy with my business. I am keenly aware that my bio’clock is ticking away and nothing would thrill me more that to become a mom. You already know that I like movies, plays, musicals, dining out, dancing, walks in the woods, roses and candles. What are we waiting for—call me soon at: (619) 523-3042. I am closing so I can get this to a courier and I hope to you before you leave the office today. The Princess
The BacciInstitute
5:15P.M. Thursday June 22, 1987, Del Mar, California Julie Muskey Lang and Thomas Muskey Lang. These two names President Westwood had ask his trusted secretary to go to personnel and retrieve all of their records including their background vita which contained information that had been gathered by the Federal Bureau of Information. Julie knew that the president had not looked at the names before he gave them to her or he would have recognized her name and said something about it. But how would Dr. Grinberg have access to these names and information? 
Julie knew what was in the personnel files. She was born in Gdansk, Poland on September 3, 1938 to a Jewish Rabbi, Shalom Ben Rabinovitz and his wife, Sarah. Her parents soon realized that she was a prodigy when she began talking at about six months. Of course the first thing she did was potty train herself and begins walking. Reading books came next and family confusion followed. Fear of the growing holocaust in Germany that was threatening to spill over into Poland at any time forced the Rabbi to take his family and flee. First north into Denmark, Norway, Sweden, and Greenland and then on to Newfoundland, Canada and into New York on foot. They had heard of Bache Institute, a Jewish Enclave in Ithaca, New York, where a number of prodigies resided either with their own families or with sympathetic friends. The foundation’s goal was to help these tiny geniuses adjust to big brain power in human bodies. If Julie had a chance for normalcy it would be through this exclusive group. The Bacchi Institute was known as the CUBI Institute. Although near Orthodoxy in their Judaism, they sought to downplay the exclusiveness of the “Chosen People”. Not because they were not religious but as an act of humility. The two characteristics, a chosen one and a prodigy were too much to bear.
The first thing the group did was have the Rabbi cut off his beard and long hair. Next Schlomo Ben Rabinovitz and Sarah became Thomas S. Muskey and Sarah. Julie became Julie Muskey. Thomas S. Muskey applied for and was appointed Professor of Polish American Literature at Cornell University. Daughter Julie now seven years old was mentally ready for University Studies. CUBI, was a magnet for child wonders as a result of publicity about several of the children since the turn of the Twentieth Century. Recognition and publicity brought more prodigies to the campus. With only its own experience as a guide, Cornell University had adopted an altruistic attitude about exceptional children so that they were allowed to study with the most learned professors but received no special attention otherwise. Academically the children were ignored unless they themselves initiated a question. They were simply left alone to develop at their own pace and in whatever direction they felt at the moment. Most funding came from the Gates Foundation. The foundation was set up by Microsoft Software founder and his wife, both of whom had spent years at the CUBI. On the campus one might see one of these child prodigies playing on a slide or swinging or even in a sand box one hour and in a science laboratory conducting experiments the next. They could be studying anything from medicine to Einstein’s theory of relativity.
In this climate some of them decided that they wanted tube normal. Those who chose to remain at CUBI were nourished by this unstructured setting. Julie Muskey began to develop into a normal pattern of growth. It was her choice to begin school in the first grade at Cornell Campus Elementary School rather than continue an exclusive education at the University. Although of exceptional intellectual strength, Julie acquired all of her education in public schools. By emulating her fellow students she became a normal high school student. She made straight A’s and everyone praised her for that. Upon graduation she chose to go to work as a receptionist—secretary rather than continue at the university. Her mother suspected that Julie wanted to be a wife and mother more than she wanted to be an intellectual loner. Julie’s mother was correct because within a year, Julie had married nice Jewish boy with lots of promise. His name was Thomas Lang who was already in the fourth grade when Julie became a first grader. That he made perfect grades never raised a question in Julie’s mind because she did too. So they attended the same school but neither suspected that the other was one of those CUBI Institutebrats.Thomas Lang’s father was a diamond sorter and dealer who had moved to Ithaca from the Israeli City of Bethsaida when Thomas was about three years old. He opened a Classic Jewelry Store and hoped that someday his brilliant son would take over and run the family business. 
But it was not to be. Thomas Lang was extremely bright and at the time most children are entering kindergarten he was ready for high school. That was his father’s reason for moving to Ithaca to be near the CUBI Institute. Samuel Lang, Thomas’s father, watched his son mature and developwith both amusement and puzzlement. He knew that whenThomas started first grade he could do equations of calculus and trigonometryin his head. Nevertheless when Thomas came home with exercises for learning to add, subtract, multiply and divide, he did his homework as laboriously as he would have had he been an average student. It was not the math that he thought he was learning but the process of being normal—so he worked at it diligently.
When he graduated from high school he chose Cornell University because it was close to home and he did not wants to go away to school. Also, he had been in love with Julie since she was in the third grade and he was in the sixth. Julie and Thomas had learned to mimic normal behavior so well that their relationship with CUBI was never revealed, even by their teachers. At Cornell, Thomas chose Human Relations and Personnel for a major and upon graduation he accepted a job as Assistant Personnel Director at Cornell University. He also married his high school sweetheart, Julie Muskey. Except for their rare mental capacities, Julie and Thomas Lang did all the things that regular people do. They knew that their children would tend toward more normal in that area and they looked forward to having at least four. 
When Thomas saw that both his name and the name of his wife were on the piece of paper and that the president was making an unusual request, for both of their personnel files, he absently asked “Why would he want both of our files. I can understand why he asked for mine but why yours too. Do you have any idea what he is thinking?
”Julie replied, “I think it has something to do with his youngest son William III. It is my understanding that he is kind of a problem, being so smart and all. You know that prodigies are very big problems for their families unless they go to CUBI Institute for help”. 
At that moment both Thomas and Julie made a mental leap in comprehension. They each understood that the other one had been with CUBI Institute before they met at the public school. They had acted so normal that the other one did not detect the genius in the other. Thomas said with a sly grin, “You were at CUBI Institute, weren’t you!”“You were at CUBI Institute, weren’t you!!” Julie said at the same time and in the exact same words.
“No one was supposed to ever know,” She said.“I’ll never tell.” Thomas responded.“But what of President Westwood’s request?” Julia asked. “Here, take the files. There is nothing here about the CUBI Institute so our secrets are safe.” 
Thomas said. “But what of this Dr. Grinberg? How would he have our names and what does that have to do with young Westwood?”
Julia said.“I don’t know. Here take the records to him. The next move is his.”
 Thomas said. “I love you even more now knowing that you have carried that burden so well—I never suspected.”
 Thomas said.“Ah, but I suspected you.” 
Julie said. “You were just too too normal to be normal. How nice to share it with you.”
Julie left her husband’s office and walked briskly across the quad and back to the President’s Office. He was still sitting at his desk with his hands folded in contemplation. She quietly placed the files in front of him on the desk along with the paper with the names on it.
The Decision
3:30 P.M., August 10, 1975 Stenson Beach, California William Westwood II and his wife Muriel sat on the white sand beach watching the waves gently wash past a wall and over the fortress that William III had been working on since noon. He was tireless in his efforts to rebuild as soon as the water disappeared below ground level. It was a losing battle but experience told them that he would continue his fight until the sea reclaimed the wall and the castle disappeared. Both felt that his persistence at thousand other tasks bode well for William III. The child was not yet seven years old but Dr. and Mrs.Westwood had decided to send him away to the CUBI Institute. Hopefully he would learn to be as normal as Julie and Thomas Lang. Both had been CUBI students and chose to follow a traditional path of public education to become normal. William III had discussed the probabilities with his parents and he told them that he did not want to leave them but if they insisted then he would go without fuss. He told them that he had no desire to be normal and that whatever he did he would always display his keen intelligence. So, on September 1, 1975, they deposited William III at CUB Institute. At first he attended classes and studied with Cornell’s distinguished scholars. He soon became impatient because the professors were unable to respond to his questions. It wasn’t long before he began to miss both lectures and science labs. Bypassing the swings and sand boxes he went directly to the public schools where he was classified a first grader on account of his age. Since he already knew the basics he challenged his teachers to do equations in Calculus and Trigonometry. When they could not do the equations he did it for them just to embarrass them and to show them that he was smarter than they were. This display of arrogance caused a lot of stress in the school and he was suspended for three days. When he returned only one day passed before he became intolerable and the principle ask the trustees to expel him permanently. What was he to do? He could not go home to California where he wasn’t wanted. He began to hang out on the edges of the playground with the older boys. His new friends smoked cigarettes and within a few days Howard was addicted, smoking two packages of cigarettes a day. He had the emotions of a seven year old but he had the mind of an adult. Howard thought of his mother and father at home and of how nice it was when he lived with them. Had that Dr. Grinberg not interfered he would still be at home.
A deep resentment against Dr. Grinberg grew in Howard’s heart. Every time he thought of the warmth of home he was reminded of the hurt in his heart and the resentment grew. Someday, somehow, he would get back at Dr. Grinberg for encouraging his mother and his father to send him away. He might have to wait years to get back at the doctor. In the meantime, there was much to learn about getting even. A new acquaintance Nick Puente recognized that Howard was of super intelligence and decided that he would make a good ally.
Puente was the Number One Man in a small gang that hung outing the bushes and shadows on the edge of the Cornell Campus. Most of the members were unhappy children of employees at the University. As their habits changed, so did their need for money. Soon their allowances from home, though generous, were no longer sufficient to pay for cigarettes and other things. Howard said: “Nick we need to find a source of money that we can count on. Look at all of those kids in the school. Every one of them gets an allowance every morning for lunch. We ought to collect some of that lunch money in return for our protection.”Nick who was seven years older than Howard, squinted his right eye and looked sternly at Howard. He said: “Dat’s de craziest thing I ever heard. Where did you come up with that silly idea?”
“Well, I read this book about Al Capone in Chicago. He collected money from grocers, tailors, delis, theaters, etc. and in return for the money he kept them from being pillaged by gangs. He got rich as everything doing that.” Howard said.
“I want to see dat book. Maybe you got somthin after all.”Nick replied.
They headed for the biography section of the library. Nick had never been in a library before and he was impressed that his little friend knew his way around such a place. Standing between the stacks Nick lit a cigarette while Howard searched for the book. A moment later a loud bell sounded and firemen appeared at the end of the stacks and a policeman stood at the other end. There was no way out. Howard was having his first encounter with the law.
“Look. The little punk is smoking a cigarette. It’s not a fire, “the fireman said. The policeman spoke with authority. “You boys will have to come with me to the police station to make a report.”
They were escorted to the police car and taken to a substation near the campus. The investigator got a blank report and sat at his desk to fill it out. 
“What’s your name sonny?” he asked as he looked at Nick. 
“Nick Perez, Sir.” Nick replied meekly. “
Where you from?” The investigator asked.
“New York.” Nick said. “How old are you.” The investigator asked.
“I’ll be fourteen on Thursday.” Nick replied.
“Why were you smoking in the library?” The man asked.
“Cause dats where I was.” Nick said. 
“And what’s your little friend’s name?” the investigator asked.
“Howard Elliott.” William replied quickly.
“And where are you from?” The man asked.
“Chicago.” Howard said.
Nick looked stunned like he had seen a ghost. He knew Howard was lying but Nick waited to see what would happen next. Howard was making this up as he went and he was convincing. If Nick had not know it before, he knew it now, his little friend was no ordinary delinquent. Here was someone Nick could use in his future. In his mind he fixed Howard as his number one lieutenant, the number two man in the outfit. He had started to think of his gangs an outfit like they did in the old west. Howard remembered what he had read in Adolph Hitler’s Mien Kamp about lying: “The bigger the lie—the easier it is for them to believe it.”
“I’ll have to call your parents and have them come down and pick you up . What is your phone number?” He asked, looking at Howard.
“Please don’t call my mother, Mr. Policeman,” Howard said tearfully. “My mother is sick with cancer and this could upset her and make her die. You don’t want to make her sicker, do you?”?“
Another lie”, Nick thought.

“Besides, she doesn’t have a way to come here and pick me up. Let us go, we’ll walk home and I promise Nick will never smoke in the library again.” Howard said.
“How old are you son.” The policeman asked.
“I was seven on September 1.” Howard replied.
“You sure don’t talk like a seven year old.” The policeman replied. “You talk more like an adult that a first grader.”
“People have said that before. I can’t help it if I am more intelligent than most people. I can do equations in Calculus and Trigonometry and I speak Spanish and Japanese. I don’t like school because my teachers are dumb and I have to go to the library to find answers to my queries. It doesn’t matter now. I can’t go back to school anyway. Nick and me can take care of ourselves, can’t we Nick?” Howard said emphatically.
The policeman was so dumfounded that he just said, “OK, you two can go but don’t let me catch you smoking in the library again. If I ever catch you again, I’ll take you and book you like we do adults.
”To Nick’s surprise Howard said. “All right. Catch us smoking in the library again and you can lock us up. Come on, Nick, let’s get out of here.”
Nick and Howard scampered out the door of the substation and headed for the safety and security of the campus shadows. They had learned enough for one day.
The Outfit
The years passed quickly for Nick and Howard. Their outfit remained small but their dreams of big money grew greater and greater as the children paid them a portion of their lunch money every day. With their income growing they rented a large old house which they made into a club house. Some of the outfit lived there from time to time. During the next few years they learned a lot about arson, robbery, murder-for-hire, extortion and organized crime. But it was small town stuff. Nick wanted the big time.
“This is so easy.” Nick said to Howard one day. “Why can’t we do what that Al guy did and get money from stores to protect them from fire and theft? If they don’t pay we’ll rob their stores and burn them down. Maybe we can bootleg some whiskey, too.
”Howard smiled at his friend Nick. Howard really liked Nick and Nick liked Howard as much. Howard realized that Nick was a lot shorter on brainpower than he was but this had not kept them from becoming real buddies. They did everything together and they always worked on the outfit doings together.
Nick said: “You read the book on Al Capone. Where did you get it?”
“I went back to the library on campus and read it when you were busy doing something else.”
 Nick said. “Do you think we can do whiskey and speakeasies, and the flappers, and get some Tommy guns?”
Things had changed a lot. Howard was more the boss than Nick but Howard ceded Nick the position of number one in the outfit. “They don’t do alcohol that way any more. It is all legal and they pay taxes and stuff on it. We could do drugs though.” Howard said.
Nick frowned and looked at Howard. “Drugs! What’s drugs?”He asked.
“Well. Drugs are like whiskey, they make you feel real good, and like light headed you know, high. Like when you smell glue or gasoline.” Howard tried to explain. “But the law takes them away from you and sometimes they put you in jail or prison for selling drugs. There is a lot of money in drugs but you have to pay a big price for it. I’ll get some and show you what they do.
”Three days later Howard says to Nick. “OK, pal. You want to do drugs. Here, smoke this, it looks like a roll your own cigarette but it is called a reefer or joint. What you do is take a big deep puff and hold it as long as you can.
”He handed Nick the joint and watched him put it in his mouth and light it with a match. Nick took a deep drag, sucked the smoke deep into his lungs and held it for a long time. 
When he blew it out him coughed. About a half minute later he felt the PCP (tetrahydrocannabinol) in his blood stream and then the brain. “Wow, man. That’s cool. Feels like I’m floating. It’s better than glue.” Nick said with a silly grin. “Give me some more!”
Howard let him take another deep puff and then told him. “Better take it easy Nick—till you see how it works and what it does to you. OK.”
Soon Nick was sitting on the couch very relaxed. He thought “this is the best yet.” He sat there for hours repeating, “This is the best yet, this is the best yet.”
Howard left him alone. He had never done drugs himself but he had read about them and Nick was acting just like the people Howard had read about. Howard had some work to do if they were going to get into drugs and he would not be able to use them himself. That would be Nick’s thing. Howard did not need drugs to get high his high came from getting over on life and he was one high now. Howard would become a lot of things in the future but a drug addict was not one of them. The next decade was exciting and enlightening for Howard and Nick, more Howard than Nick. Whereas most prodigies and geniuses learned normal behaviors and became productive secretaries, personnel managers, professors, doctors, lawyers, etc. Howard’s propensities followed a darker side, the shadows of humanity.
Howard became a professional criminal who learned to outwit and associate with law enforcement groups. At times it required a delicate balance to be credible in both groups. Nick, at Howards urging, became the alter ego cop for Howard.
The outfit took a new and more deadly direction. Nick became a top cop in San Diego, California. His path was guided by this decision. He attended the Police Academy for six months and then took his turns as a rookie cop, patrol cop, neighborhood cop, and then investigator. Soon Nick attended the (FBI) Federal Bureau of Information Academy in Richmond, Virginia. After that he took an assignment with the FBI Special Forces Department. No one in the FBI knew that Nick and William W. Westwood III were acquainted and controlled their own violent underworld outfit that king pinned the import of drugs into the United States from South America.
ToC
The RapSheet
December 20, 1992, For Howard the next decade became a blur of more lies, more cheating, more stealing, more drugs, more jails, more murders, more prisons, and finally stings. His “rap” sheet tells the basics of the story and illustrates the progressive nature of this criminal mind.
January 15, 1974 Apprehended and Jailed for Extortion. No Bail. Remained in Jail for 120 days. Charges dismissed when witnesses disappeared before trial. Released April 15, 1974.
August 1, 1974 Apprehended and Jailed for Arson. No Bail. Remained in Jail 97 days. Charges dismissed when witnesses could not identify him in second line up. Released November 5, 1974.
December 14, 1974 Apprehended and Jailed for perjury. No Bail. Remained in Jail for full 18 months for lying to Grand Jury. Released June 14, 1976.
July 5, 1976 Apprehended and Jailed for Car Theft. No Bail. Remained in Jail. Guilty Plea. Sentenced to 24 Months in State Penitentiary. Released July 5, 1977 with 12 months probation.
August 15, 1977 Apprehended and Jailed and returned to prison for parole violation. Violations included failure to report to PO, contacted by former inmate at State Prison. One year extension of sentence for parole violation. Released August 15, 1978 with one year parole remaining.
September 7, 1980 Apprehended and charged with murder for hire. Jailed. No Bond. Released December 1, 1980 when witnesses absconded to Germany and refused to return to testify.
February 15, 1981 Apprehended and charged with murder of witness in previous case. Pled Guilty to Manslaughter. Sentenced to ten years in State Penitentiary. Released February 15, 1987 after serving six years. Parole of four years. Sentence completed February 15, 1991.
Time spent in jails and prisons was more educational than punishment for Howard. Instead, he considered it time an investment in studying criminal techniques and in evaluating personnel for new members for the outfit, six of whom became basified members.
Howard also made friends with everyone in the prison, the guards, the warden, chaplains, friends on the outside, and other inmates. This behavior was highly unusual and in fact came to the attention of the Chief of The Federal Bureau of Information. The outfit began to be known as and to speak of itself as the Affiliate. Howard also closely associated himself with the other Affiliates as a result of the police work of the number one man, Nick Puenta. Nick was now assistant to the head of asting, the San Diego Police Affiliate, Security Tracking Intelligence Group which focused its efforts on narcotic importers and murder for hires. William W. Westwood III a.k.a. Howard Rhodes and Nick Puenta had come a long convoluted way in twenty years. Dr. Grinberg unknowingly stood directly in their path.
The Contact
Friday, June 22, 1987, Del Mar, California Michael arrived at his Carmel Valley Ranch Estate home shortly after 8:30 P.M. and immediately dialed the number Lisa had listed.
“Hello. This is Lisa Cohen’s residence.” A female voice answered.
“Oh, Uha, Hello. This is Michael Grinberg. May I speak with the Princess?” Michael said.
“One moment please. I’ll call her to the phone.” the voice replied.
“This is Lisa Cohen. What can I do for you?” Lisa said after a short pause.
“Hi. Uha. Uha. This is uha Michael Grinberg. I wrote you a letter and sent some photos in response to your Personals ad in the National Enquirer and you responded today. I, uha, uha, am eager to meet you.” Michael said.
 Lisa was amused at his awkwardness. Michael, with all of his sophistication and education and prestige, nearly always went into an altered state when he talked to a pretty woman for the first time.
“Well,” she said. “I gathered that from your response and I tried to get back to you today. I plead guilty to eagerness myself. Your photo selection tells quite a story. And you are a very handsome man.” She said. “What does your weekend look like?”
Michael stammered: “It is Friday and I don’t have any plans for the weekend beyond just relaxing after a very busy week at work. I went directly to my sister’s house for Shabbat Dinner tonight and now I am very full. We have Shabbat Dinners the last Friday of each month at either my house, my brother’s or my sister’s. Tonight was my sister’s turn. Her name is Rhonda.” 
“I had a light dinner with my mom. Oh, that was my mom who answered the phone. She is still here but she does have plans to go out tonight and my plans are somewhat like yours—unstructured. Actually, that is only partly true, later this evening I plan to drive over to my get away place for the weekend in Del Mar.” Lisa replied. “I can stay there and not be disturbed by business calls. Besides, I like it there better than out here in the Blackhawk Hills,” she added. 
“I know it is a little late to meet tonight but how about dinner tomorrow night,” Michael said. 
“Sounds good to me,” Lisa said. “Maybe we could find palace where we could dance after dinner,” she added.
“I know just the place,” Michael replied. “How about the Kaiser Club in the Penthouse at the Hilton. They serve a light meal and we can catch the KC Jazz Combo for dancing.” he added.
 “Why don’t I pick you up at your place on Carmel Valley Ranch in my limousine? We can visit and get acquainted some on the way there. My driver will drop us off and be available to pickups up when we call for her.” Lisa offered.
Lisa tried to hold back but her competitive compulsive nature, especially when it came to men. Mainly professional men such as doctors, lawyers, professors. Even as she proposed the limousine and driver she was thinking to herself “I ought to be more reserved. ”But it was out and over the phone line before she could catch it. Only with men was she this way, especially doctors. Somehow she had to be bigger, better, more controlled. Where would it ever end? No one knew that for sure.
Michael said, “Fine with me. I don’t have a driver or a limousine on call. How about you pick me up at 8:25 PM.”
“See you tomorrow night, 8:25 PM. Black Tie, OK.” She said.“Bye now.”
FirstDate
Saturday Night June 23, 1987, Carmel Valley Estate, California Michael was just slipping on his dinner jacket as the long hand of the clock reached the five spot on the dial. The short hand was almost at half past eight. Eight twenty five and the lights from the limousine with Lisa Cohen and her lady driver slowly turned into the driveway at 13624 Carmel Valley Road, Del Mar, California. The large ranch house nestled in a grove of chaparral and locust trees. It was located about a quarter of a mile from the floor of the valley on that portion of the apron closest to the Carmel Mountains. A large paved parking area and a protective berg kept mud and silt from filling in around the house when it rained in the mountains.
Michael had a small tractor with a blade to keep the berg and wash cleared for drainage. The house and the parking lot were well lighted. Not many cars used Carmel Valley Road on a Saturday evenings when Michael saw the lights from the limousine approach he assumed that it was Lisa. He opened the door just as the limousine came to a halt. He firmly told Sur and Carmel to stay.
The driver stopped about 15 feet from where Michael and the dogs were standing. The driver dismounted and came around to open the right rear door of the limousine. Lisa stepped out of the limousine and stood up straight.
Michael was totally awed by the beauty of the woman he saw standing on his driveway but he tried not to let it show. She had made a regular monthly trip to her hair stylist in Beverley Hills on Thursday and her hair was still perfect. She made up for her impoverished childhood by hanging out where movie stars hang out. She had on a black leather mini skirt with matching soft sweater by Armani and four inch heels by Manor Blanick. She carried a small Gucci bag. The skimpy outfit could have easily cost five thousand dollars. Her blond hair ruffled a bit in the valley breeze.
Recovering quickly from the impact of her appearance Michael stepped forward and extended his hand with a pleasant smile. “You must be Lisa,” He said.
“Yes, I am,” she said. “And this is my driver and my personal assistant, Mary Grace Sltonick. She usually escorts me for both business and pleasure.”
“Welcome to my humble abode.” Michael replied. “These are my dogs Sur and Carmel and this is my home, would you like a tour now or later?”
“Later,” she said. “We have reservations at nine and it will take us about thirty minutes to get to the Hilton.”
Michael was being introduced to the domination and power part of Lisa’s personality in such a perspicacious way that it almost seemed not to matter. The excitement of meeting her, her beauty, and anticipation of a relationship with such a gorgeous woman blinded him to the negatives involved. Lisa entered the car followed by Michael. Mary Grace closed the door which fit so well that it hardly made a sound as it locked.
The limousine moved smoothly out of the driveway onto Carmel Valley Road heading Northwest in the direction of I-5. The driver timed it so that the control lights showed green to the access ramp of the Interstate. The big heavy limousine picked up speed and was cruising about seventy-five as they entered the Highway I-5 Southbound. The car was so solid that the sounds from outside were muffled. Michael and Lisa chatted amiably.
She said. “So you don’t have any children and you think you want someone to have children with.”
“Yes,” Michael said. “I have always wanted a lot of kids but I just never seem to make a connection with a woman who also wants a lot of kids. Now I am 37, a professional success and financial success. If I am going to have a large family I need to get started. “Admittedly, I have had two wives. With the first one we wherein college and medical school and the relationship went bad. She wanted children but we split up before that happened.” 
“My second wife already had children when I met her and that was OK for a time but then I wanted one of our own. She tried but just could not make herself do it. She had an abortion without telling me she was pregnant and that was the straw that broke the camels back in our relationship. We divorced two years ago. “There were a few other women who came close to being the mother of my children but I never made it to the altar with any of them. One from high school moved to California and lived with me for about a year but nothing came of that. I don’t know. I maybe one of those people who is constitutionally incapable of establishing and maintaining a permanent relationship with another human being. “Oh yea, I almost forgot, I donated to a Sperm Bank and may have sired children that way. Of course no one ever knows for sure on that count. “Enough about what happened to me. What about you?” He ended.
“Wow! You have been a busy boy haven’t you?” Lisa replied.
This was to give her some time to think about what to say.
“Well, surely you must know, without me telling you all the details, that I am not a virgin saint,” she said, still stalling for time.
“Oh. Yes, I guess I would have known that had the question been asked,” Michael said.
Lisa went on to say “I think I always assumed that having children would take care of itself after I get married. But as you can see now, here I am 32 and my bioclock is ticking louder and louder. I always had a job in the food business and what with working and all it took me seven years to earn a degree in Business from San Diego State. During those years I dated a bit but most of my relationships were business related. I met and dated mostly older men who had financial connections. I did not plan it. It just turned out that way. I would call on them in sales and they just would not let me get away. So I went along with them on dates to dinner and movies, etchant couple of years before I got out of college I met this lawyer in San Diego and fell in love with him. I grieve when I think of the years I wasted waiting for him to get a divorce that he never got. He is a little older and already has six children which is the reason he would not get a divorce. He really loved his kids and that made me want him even more to be the father of my babies. Finally, I had to let him go for my sanity and his. We are still friends but nothing more. Since him, for the past couple of years, I have been reluctant to try to have a relationship. Oh yes. I did meet a couple of men through the personals but you don’t want to hear about that. Talk about disasterville.”
The limousine pulled up to the entrance of the Hilton and slowly came to a stop. Lisa was relieved that she did not have to go on with her story. 
She said. “Here we are. I will finish that tale later.”
The Dinner
9:00 pm, June 23, 1987, San Diego, California Mary Grace opened the door on Michael’s side of the car and he stepped out. He turned and offered his hand to Lisa. She took it and graciously exited the limousine. When Lisa stood up straight and headed towards the door everything else at the entrance to the Hotel came to a halt. All eyes focused on the black mini skirt with the four inch heels. The bellhops, taxi drivers, hotel doormen, hotel guest male and female all watched as Michael and Lisa made the few steps into the entrance of the huge building. They were an extraordinary couple. Lisa was ahead of Michael by about ten inches. He noticed and was relieved to know that it was not just his imagination. Lisa was a beauty. In contemporary slang, she was a trophy. They walked through the lobby and every eye followed their steps until she entered the elevator.
Michael thought. “This may take some getting used to. I think I like it.”
They stood quietly for a moment as the elevator began to rise rapidly. Lisa said. “I’m glad we are coming here. I have always treasured the view from the 42nd floor. You know you can see the lights of L.A. from the restaurant. Pfin and I, the married man I told you about, his name is Paul Hamilton, and I called him Pfin. We used to come here and dance late at night. Uha—don’t get alarmed. He won’t be here and if he were here he would only speak in a friendly hello. That is all over for us. But, I still like this place.”
The elevator stopped on the 42nd floor and Lisa stepped out to the elevator slightly ahead of Michael.
“Good evening, Ms. Cohen,” The manager greeted Lisa with a huge smile. “Will it be the same this evening?” he asked.
“Yes,” she said. “We would like private seats with a view and we would like quiet dining music with dinner and dancing music, you know jazz, afterwards.” She handed him a small white envelope containing two one hundred dollar bills.
“Oh yes. I would like you to meet my fiancé, Dr. Michael Grinberg. Michael, this is Steven Pisano, the manager here.”They shook hands. “Steve and I are old friends,”
Michael said “Pleased to meet you Steve.”
The manager replied. “Very happy to see the both of you, Dr. Grinberg. I hope you enjoy the evening.”
He looked at Lisa and said, “Let me make sure everything is set up. I will only be a moment.” Then he added, “Oh, by the way, you are striking tonight.”
“Thank you” she said and smiled. Unconsciously Lisa knew she was setting the stage for domination and control.
Michael asked, “Is it always this way with you? Does everyone always stop and look when you go by, and how many restaurant managers know you by name?”
“Of course. I want everyone to take note when I pass by. But, I am only known at restaurants such as this one because I entertain my clients at places such as this. I know you are not a client but you selected this place. We may as well enjoy my reputation while we are here.” She said smiling and fluttered her long eyelashes.“You don’t mind, do you?” she added.
“No. No. I was just wondering out loud. That’s all,” Michael said. “I have tried being egregious myself but my success there is limited.”
The manager returned and guided them to a secluded table by the glass wall overlooking the San Diego Bay. The marvelous view included Coronado Island South into Mexico, the lights from Catalina Island and from the City of Los Angeles to the North. It was very dark as the moon would not rise until 2:00 AM.
A waiter appeared as soon as they had settled at the table. Hews dressed in a white shirt, bow tie, black jacket and pants. He brought water and announced the menu for the day: SOPA dePICADILLO de la ABUELA (Granny’s Serrano ham soup with stuffed dumplings). ENSALADA TIBIA de PAN, QUESO yTOMATES (warm salad of tomatoes, homemade bread loaf and ovelheiro serra cheese w/garlic vinaigrette). CALAMARESRELLENOS en su TINTA (squid stuffed with tomatoes & curedham, braised in their ink).
He then asked. “Would either of you care for a drink from the bar?”
Michael ordered. “A very dry martini, half the vermouth and double the olive, please.”
“I will have a double rusty nail, half the fruit juice and heavy on the Southern Comfort.” Lisa said. “This has been a trying day.”
Michael thought to himself. “Does a double rusty nail fit into this picture with elegant designer clothes, limousines and chauffeurs?”
It was a rhetorical unspoken question that would be answered many times over in the next few years. He waited to see what happened next. The waiter soon returned with the drinks. He carefully placed the rusty nail in front of Lisa and the martini at Michaels place. 
“Are you ready to order now?” he asked.
Lisa said. “I always have the tofu, fresh vegetable salad with the house dressing on the side. It is very good and I recommend it highly for first timers here.”
“Sounds good to me,” Michael replied. “I would like a small bowl of soup, I think. If you have fresh macro tomato soup I’ll have that.” He said. Michael looked at her and said, “You know that macro tomato soup is made with carrots and beets and does not have tomatoes in it. It only looks like tomato soup.” He said.
Lisa looked puzzled at this information but did not answer because other thoughts were on her mind just now. The blending of a double rusty nail and tofu salad made a perfect mixture for Lisa to purge when the meal was over. She appeared to be a healthy eater and knowledgeable drinker but her bulimia required this combination to work without a trace.
The meal came and they ate in peaceful silence making friendly noises and complimentary comments about the food. When they finished, Lisa said, “I would love to dance but first you will have to excuse me for a few moments.” She eased out of her chair and headed for the ladies room. Michael sat at the table looking over the Bay of San Diego reflecting on all that had transpired that evening. It was a lot to digest in a short time. But he was hopeful.
Lisa walked into the ladies room which was empty. She kneeled next to the toilet and reached up with both hands to her mouth. She placed both thumbs in her mouth and her fingers down the sides of her neck. She pressed her thumbs back into her throat and up came tofu salad and what was left of the rusty nail. She disgorged into the commode and flushed it. She stood up and reached for a hand towel. It was all over in a few seconds. Lisa brushed her teeth with a disposable toothbrush from her purse, washed her hands and around her mouth carefully, refreshed her makeup and lip stick, sprayed Liz Taylor’s Passion on her neck and used breath freshener. It all took less than two minutes. She then sat on the stool and relieved herself and quickly returned to her seat with Michael.
She was ready to dance. On the surface things looked good for Michael and Lisa.
The Courtship
Tuesday, July 4, 1987, Del Mar, California In the days and weeks ahead Michael and Lisa had talked on the telephone, walked the beaches, gone to movies, had lots of dinners together. They had talked about sex, AIDS, babies, other persons in their lives and agreed that if they were going to have relationship it would have to be exclusive. In the early evening Lisa said to Michael. “I haven’t had sex with anyone in over two years. I may have forgotten how,” she laughed nervously.
Her bravado and over compensation were falling short now. “It has been a long time for me, too,” Michael replied. “I haven’t been with a woman since Jana and before the divorce,” he added.
Lisa said, “I got the results of my HIV test back and it is negative, in case you are interested.”
“Same with me, I was tested although I have not been exposed since Jana and I married and that was five years ago. I was pretty sure but one never knows what will pop up,” Michael said.
Passion began to rise between them.
“You know that I am a one man woman,” Lisa said. “One man in my life at a time is enough. If you want to make love to me you can’t have sex with any other women and me too.”
“I feel the same way. As long as we are working on a relationship and planning ultimately to have a baby I don’t want any other women,” Michael said. “If that changes I’ll tell you,” he added.
“This sounds like an agreement,” she said. “Since your housekeeper is gone tonight why don’t we try out your hot tub under the stars,” Lisa suggested.
Michael said, “Grand. I’ll show you where the towels are and you can join me in the tub when you are ready.”He showed her the dressing room with the towels and robes and left.
It did not take him long to shed his clothes and get in the tub.Momentarily Lisa came through the door onto the deck wearing a peach terry cloth robe. As she reached the edge of the tub she let the robe slip off of her shoulders and let it drop to the deck. She stood there naked. Her beauty was more alluring nude than he had imagined it might be under the designer outfits. Michael had seen lots of nude bodies in his life, none as beautiful and appealing as Lisa’s. He did not speak for fear she might disappear. She stepped into the tub and let the water cover her up to her neck. She sat on the bench across from Michael
“I don’t think I have ever seen a more beautiful body than yours,” he said. “Having a baby won’t spoil it, I hope, ” he added.
“Never, never, never, will I let anything ruin my body,” Lisa replied.
They talked and watched the stars. The fog finger filtered into the valley and a chill fell over the deck. “When you have had enough we can go in and shower. I hope you will join me in the shower. I think it will be fun to shower together,” Michael said.
Lisa replied, “I think I am ready to get out now.”
Together they stepped out of the tub and quickly moved across the deck to the master suite of the ranch. Lisa followed Michael into the shower. Later they helped each other dry with warm towels and Lisa laid on Michael’s king bed.
Michael joined her and things moved fast. He slowly and gently kissed her lips and explored her body. In the dim light he looked at her firm round breasts and kissed them. He traced a circle around a nipple of one then the other. Lisa moaned with excitment. Encouraged by her response he raised himself so he could move down her body and kiss her firm white stomach. He placed his hand between her legs and she gently spread her legs.
She moaned and whispered “Yes, yes, now!”
And so they made love for the first time. They finished, then crawled under the covers and slept together through the night. “I would like to get used to having you in my space,” Michael said as they were drinking coffee the next morning. “What do I have to do to get you to move in and live with me?” he asked. “I have already thought about that and I am not sure that you will want to pay the price that I demand. I’m not talking about money, I mean the conditions will be too much for you,” Lisa said. “I’m not even sure you really want to know,” she added slightly embarrassed.
“We’ll never know until we try,” Michael said. “So tell me now, I may as well face it front and center,” he added. This was an expression Michael had picked up from his Grandfather Joseph Grinberg with whom he had grown up in Kansas.
“OK, You asked for it. Wait until I finish and then you can respond, agreed!” she said.
“Agreed.” Michael responded.
“First,” she said. Lisa had a list already prepared in her head. “I do cannot tolerate animals. All the animals will have to go. The dogs, the birds, the rabbits, the peacocks, the pigs, the turkeys, the quail, etc. All the animals will have to be completely removed. I simply can’t stand animals.
Second, all of the boarders will have to move. You know I don’t like your cousin, Andy. I think he  is a religious nut to study at the Hebrew Academy, and his girl friend, Marsha,” She worked in a department store to support the two of them.
“Also, your friend sand long time boarders, Timothy, “Timothy had a Ph.D. in Physics who worked for himself 
“And Anthony,” a landscape architect, who was employed by a large general contracting firm, “will all have to move.”
Timothy and Anthony had boarded with Michael since he bought his first home in Del Mar in 1976. “I want the entire house for just you and me and our baby when it comes”.
“Third, I want you to move your books, records, and reading materials to your professional office. A home is no place for a library.
“Fourth, the same for your art collection. Get rid of it, sell it or move it to your office. I just don’t want anything cluttering up the walls of the house.
“Fifth, that awful yellow car with bat wing doors will also have to go.
“Sixth, the worn out K-Mart furniture will have to be replaced.”Michael was dumbfounded. He said nothing. He just looked at Lisa.
Finally he said, “You’re right. The price is very high. I’ll have to get back to you on this one.”
Neither of them talked after that. It was very quiet in the bedroom where they had had such a romantically enchanting night making love and sleeping together. The silence became uncomfortable so Lisa said that she needed to go home and called for her driver to pick her up at 10:00 AM. 
The HouseMeeting
7:00 P.M., July 5, 1987Carmel Valley Estate, Del Mar, California Michael stood nervously in the doorway of large kitchen. Everyone was present as he had requested in a note posted at noon. The  note read: “Urgent special house meeting, today July 5, 1987,7:00 P.M.” signed Michael.
Michael spoke first. “I guess you are all wondering what could be so urgent as to have a special house meeting. I won’t beat around the bush. I am requesting that all of you find a new place to live and to vacate my property by Friday, July 15, 1987. My staff will be available to assist you in the move if needed.
“Certainly I know that this is a shock to all of you. I am surprised myself but I have met a new woman and she will be moving in here with me. We will need all of the space for the two of us and hopefully a lot of children, as fast as possible. Any questions?”
No one responded with a question.“Fine, I accept your silence as agreement. I hope we will alwaysbe friends.” Michael said as he turned to exit the house through the kitchen.
“Oh yes, I almost forgot. There will be a moving company here tomorrow to take my books and magazines to my office. They will also take my art collection to a storage warehouse in Mesa. If anyone needs a truck or van to move, feel free to use the movers to help you move, at my expense of course. Also, I will also refund your July rent.” Michael said. “And, if any of you want the furniture from the living room and den, take it, otherwise it will be trashed,”he added.
Michael’s life was changing and it would never be normal again.
Days before the deadline of July 15, Timothy had purchased a four bedroom house in Del Mar. Anthony, Mark, and Marsha took their belongings and moved into Timothy’s place. Timothy took Michael up on his offer of the free living room and den furniture and took the old stuff with him. On the 15th of July the contractor arrived to redo the floors and to paint the house inside and out. Crews worked day and night on the renovation and on the evening of the 21st the job was done. 
Michael called Lisa for the first time since their separation on July 5. “I have been thinking a lot about your requirements to move in with me at my Carmel Valley Estate. If you could meet me this evening about 9:00 P.M. at my place I think we can work out satisfactory agreement. I have some surprises for you,” Michael talked into the message recorder. “You don’t have to call me back unless you can’t make it tonight,” he added. “Bye now.”
At about 8:35 P.M. Michael stepped out of the shower and began to towel dry himself leisurely. He drank a soda as he dressed in slacks and a Border T-shirt. As he finished dressing at 9:00 PM he heard the door to Lisa’s limousine close so he walked out onto the deck to greet his guest.
“I don’t know why I came. I know I am a fool for getting caught up in your fantasy. What could you possibly have done that would justify me coming out this time of day?” Lisa bellowed, anger exploding with every word.
Michael was caught off guard by her outburst but he said, “I just thought you would like to know that all of my boarders are gone, the books and magazines are gone, the art work is gone, the animals and even the furniture, all gone. The painters and refinishers left just today. I hope you will come in and see where we are going to live. You did say you would move in with me if I did the above,didn’t you?”
 Lisa was dumbfounded, Michael had taken everything she said to do and it was done, no argument, no complaints, nothing but compliance. She mused to herself, “This will take some getting used to, a man who does what he is asked to do.
”“Yes, I did say that but you could have just called me on the telephone and told me, couldn’t you? You did not have to drag mover here like this just to show me that your house is empty,” she replied more amiably. “I  just don’t like impulsive surprises and I hope you will remember that in the future,” Lisa added trying to undo whatever damage she had done with her outburst.
“Yes. I will remember that,” Michael said quietly.
“I will send my decorators here tomorrow and have them layout a plan for furniture. Unless something comes up unexpectedly we should have the place furnished and I can plan to move in on the 25th if that is OK with you.” Lisa said.
“Sounds great,” Michael said. “Want to stay over tonight?” he asked. 
“No. I need to return home and prepare for a trip to Arkansastomorrow to see Wallenstein Mart buyers. I have to be on the plane at 4:30 AM and will return on the 25th about noon,” she said.”Will it work for you if I have my staff bring my personal effects on that date and I will simply come here instead of going to Blackhawk?” she added.
Michael, noted to himself that he had already lost control of this relationship as he nodded his head in agreement.
On Friday, July 25, 1987 Lisa moved into Michaela’s Carmel Valley Ranch Estate and his life was never the same again. His friends were gone as were his animals, books and art collection. Relationships that had taken a lifetime to build faded into the background. His professional friends likewise were less welcome and Michael began a long period of withdrawal and isolation.from his family. 
Lisa maintained a compulsive and obsessive business schedule. When she was at home she was frequently on the telephone with customers or suppliers. She would be three days in New York, one day home and then off to Japan or China for five days. This frantic activity went on the rest of July and then August, September, and October. Lisa showed no outward signs of love for Michael. She made no personal sacrifices for the relationship to work. However, she wanted a baby so she scheduled time with Michael for mating when she was most likely to conceive. 
Iisa ignored Michael’s protests. Her only response was that when the baby comes she will let up and they would be able to spend time together.
RoshHashanah
5:00 PM, September 11, 1987. Michael’s brother Gary, his wife Nancy and daughter Alex Grinberg arrived first. They were excited to see what the summer had wrought with all the changes at the Ranch. New furniture and paint, the animals and boarders were all gone. Mercedes and her assistant had tables all set and dinner in the final stages of preparation. Alex went out to play and Nancy chatted with Mercedes. Gary went to say hello to Michael in his master suite sitting room.
“Michael,” Gary called out as he entered the room without knocking.
“In here,” Michael yelled back. “Come on in, I am gettingdressed and I don’t know where Lisa is. She was not happy about the dinner being here tonight and when I told her I wanted her to meet everybody she told me she might not be here. I am beginning to wonder if this is a mistake.” Michael was visably depressed at the situation.
“Not to worry, either she will or she won’t. We will celebrate and eat with or without her.” Gary replied.
“I know but I am beginning to feel like a fool. We moved in together to be a family but she is always gone to a business function. She doesn’t like the Jewish stuff either.” Michael said. “Most of the people coming tonight have not met her and they expect her to be here tonight. What can I say? Lisa had to work tonight? On Rosh Hashanah!! Surely they will think that is just bull.” Michael whined.
“Well. Like I said, I am going to celebrate, with or without her,” Gary answered his brother again. “I’ll see you in the parlor when you are ready,” Gary added as he left the room.
“OK,” Michael replied, “I’ll be out in a few minutes”.
When Gary reached the parlor a lot of people were already waiting. Anthony and Melisa, his significant other, Timothy was alone, Cousin Mark Benz and his friend Marsha, Rabbi Slotnick and the five students from the Orthodox New Reformed Hebrew Academy, Michael’s sister Rhonda and her husband Jan and children Timothy and Russell were all there.
Just then Mark’s father and mother, Sonny and Lenora, arrived with his sister Loren anther husband Seth, all arrived, having just flown in from Kansas City, Kansas. Behind them came Michael’s friends from Medical School, Dr. Benjamin Jacobsen and his wife Mandy, and Dr. Morey Gephardt and his wife Suzanne.
Gary greeted them all with a handshake and a hug. He exchanged pleasantries and then said, “How nice it is to see you all. I hate to tell you all this but Lisa may not be able to be here tonight, something about her work may keep her away.” Gary gave them no details, just the bare fact. All of the guests accepted Gary’s comments and left it alone. They had all heard of and observed the gathering storm between Michael and Lisa. Michael came in and greeted the guests and suggested that they all find their places at the table for dinner. He asked Gary to open the ceremony. Gary began the prayer: “BO-RUCH A-TOH A-DO-NOY, ELO-HAY-NOO ME-LECH HO-O-LAM, BO-RAY P’REE HA-GOFEN.Blessed Art Thou O Lord our G-d Ruler of the Universe. BO-RUCH A-TOH A-DO-NOY, E-LO-HAY-NOO ME-LECH HOO-LAM, A-SHER BO-CHAR BO-NOO MEE-KOL OM, V’ROM’MO-NOO MEE-KOL LO-SHON, V’KEED-SHO-NOOB’MEETZ-VO-SOV. VA-TEE-TEN LO-NOO A-DO-NOY E-LOHAY-NOO B’A-HA-VOH. 
Blessed Art Thou, O Lord our God, Who hast chosen us for Thy service from among the nations, exalting us by making us holy through Thy commandments BO-RUCHA-TOH A-DO-NOY, E-LO-HAY-NOO ME-LECH HO-O-LOM,HA-MO-TZEEE LE-CHEM MEEN HO-O-RETZ.
Blessed Art Thou, O Lord, our God, King of the Universe, Who briniest forth bread from the earth.”
Mercedes had prepared another traditional Jewish dinner. Chicken soup with matzo balls, halvah bread, beef brisket, stuffed cabbage, tossed green salad and the Yiddish standard, Mogen David Kosher Grape Wine. For those who wanted it ice water and coffee were available. She had prepared cheese cake with fresh strawberries for desert. All the glasses, including the children’s glass were filled with wine.
They drank, ate kosher food to celebrate the beginning of a New Jewish Year. Lisa was mentioned only once and Michael told the guest at the beginning of the meal that  Lisa has been detained out of town on business.” Like Gary, he gave no details.
At the end of the meal Michael ask Rabbi Slotnick to say theater meal blessing.
The Rabbi said: “Y’HEE SHAYM A-DO-NOY M’VO-ROCHMAY-A-TOH V’AD O-LOM. A-MAN. 
“On behalf of all those assembled at this table, we offer thanks to G-d for the food of which we have eaten.”Everyone, including the little ones said “A-MAN.”
Within a few minutes the guests were all gone. It was 11:30 P.M. Michael was alone. He felt the pain of fear that he had known so many times before. He thought back to just before Labor Day when he had informed Lisa that it was his turn to host the Jewish New Year, Rosh Hashanah and Seder at his house. He told her he expected about 25 people to attend including his brother Gary and his family, his sister Rhonda and her family, his former housemates Timothy and Anthony and their significant others. Also he had invited the Rabbi and five students from the local Shuvat. His mother’s sister and her husband may also attend with their families. Michael wanted Lisa to be a part of his family. He told her that she could invite her family and anyone else she wanted to come.
Lisa burst into tears and said. “You have invited all of those people to our home without consulting me. You just informed that 25 strangers will be dining here for Rosh Hashanah. Today we will be Jews. How can you do that to me? You know I don’t like all of that ceremony and religious stuff. Rosh Hashanah, Yom Kippur, Hanukkah, Pass Over, they are all the same to me. I don’t know if I will be there or not. I don’t know how you can do this to me, Michael.”
Michael knew he should not have been surprised that she was not home for the celebration, even so, his disappointment was enormous. He thought, “the greater the expectations, the greater the pain.”
Could he handle another marriage failure, even beforethe ceremony? There would be no going back now because the pain of quitting was greater than the pain of going ahead
Hospital for Women
9:00 AM, November 1, 1987,Del Mar, California,Office of Dr. Steven Pizzaro, Pediatric Medicine
“Dr. Pissarro, I must tell someone that I am afraid for my life. I live with a madman and he is trying to kill me. I can’t sleep and I am frightened all of the time,” Lisa said to the doctor before he couldsay anything. She had recited this statement to herself and in her head many times in the past three months. She would plant these seeds of destruction for Michael, whether she used them or not would be a future decision.
“Well Ms. Cohen. These are serious charges to make, especially against one with the reputation of Dr. Grinberg. Tell me why you think he is trying to kill you.” Dr. Pizzaro replied.
“Has he ever told you that he would kill you?” he asked. 
“Well he has needles contaminated with the AIDS virus in his doctor’s bag. Also, he tries to give me drugs he says to make me sleep but I know they are poison,” she said with conviction.
“What do you want me to do about this threat?” he asked.
“Nothing!!” she said, “I just want you to know it in case he does kill me.”
“This other thing you came in about, you know about being pregnant.” he said.
“Oh G-d! Don’t tell me I am pregnant!” she cried out.
“Well, yes, the test confirms that you are pregnant. Based on what you have told me, I estimate a delivery date of June 15, 1988,” the doctor said.
Lisa was quiet. She wept. She was afraid. Life seemed too complicated. How could she have let this happen?
The doctor handed Lisa a box of tissue. He waited for her to stop crying.
“Ms. Cohen,” Dr. Pissarro addressed her in his professional voice. “Now that you are pregnant, you will want to do everything you can to insure that your baby will be strong and healthy when it comes. You should know that you are near the back end of childbearing and that in itself is a danger. To offset that I am recommending that you take a leave of absence from your work until after the baby is born. You should spend as much time as you can stand in bed. You may take short walks or brief swims if you want to but no exercise such as running, tennis, hiking, etc., you know anything that works up a sweat. I want you to not travel long distances, over 20 miles, by car and absolutely no air travel of any kind. It is imperative that you give your body the best chance possible to nurture the fetus. No alcohol of any kind and if you smoke cigarettes you must stop immediately. If you will do this I believe that you will carry the child full term and birth a healthy baby.”
When he finished telling her what he wanted her to do, he waited a moment for it to take effect and then he said, “I have all of this written on a direction sheet so you won’t have trouble recalling my orders. These are orders, you know.”
“OK,  right. I got it,” she said.“
Good. Please make an appointment to see me in six weeks and in the meantime call me on my direct line anytime day or night. And good luck, Ms. Cohen.” Dr. Diamnzo said softly as he left the room. Lisa dressed and left the office without picking up the sheet of instructions. Her limousine, with her door open, was waiting for her as she walked out the office. She stepped into the canard Mary Grace closed the door without waiting for instructions. The driver pulled out of the parking lot and headed for the south bound lanes of Interstate Highway 5. Lisa’s flight to Barcelona, Spain would be leaving at 11:45 AM, they had a drive of about 30 miles and she needed to be there in time to go through customs. It was 10:05, they had plenty of timed. Dr. Pissarro’s assistant went into the examination room where Lisa and the doctor had been talking. The instruction sheet was lying on the counter where she had left it. The assistant picked it up, put it in an envelope marked URGENT in red capital letters and sent it to Lisa’s Carmel Valley Ranch address. 
The letter was delivered the following day and was picked up by Michael’s housekeeper Merriam, who saw the URGENT marking and called Michael on his Cell Phone. He had turned the phone off to be charged so Merriam left him a message. 
She said:“Dr. Grinberg, I would not call you like this but a letter from Dr.Pizzaro came today for Ms. Cohen. It is marked URGENT in redletters. Lisa left for Spain yesterday. Do you want me to read the letter to you?”Michael picked up his cell phone messages when he returned from lunch at 1:30 PM, November 2, 1987. The first message he heard was from Merriam informing him that Lisa had an urgent letter from Dr. Pissarro. He pressed the call back button and waited for the phone to make the connection. Merriam picked up the telephone and placed it to her ear.
“Hello, this is Dr. Grinberg’s residence,” she said.
“This is Dr. Grinberg, Merriam. Please open the envelope and read the letter to me,” he said.
She reached for the letter, opened it and began reading: “Dear Ms Cohen, Now that you are pregnant, you will want to do everything you can to insure that your baby will be strong and healthy when it comes. You know that you are near the end of child bearing and the danger end I must add. To offset that I am recommending that you take a leave of absence from your work until after the baby is born. You should spend as much time as you can rest. You may take walks or swim if you want to but no exercise such as running, tennis, hiking, etc., you know anything that works up a sweat. It is imperative that you give your body the best chance possible to nature this fetus so a macrobiotic diet would be very helpful. No alcohol of any kind and if you smoke cigarettes you must stop immediately. If you will do this I believe that you will carry the child full term and produce a healthy baby.”
Michael listened patiently until she had finished reading. In a voice filled with pain and rage he said, “Put the letter on my desk in my room and don’t tell anyone about it. I will contact Lisa in Barcelona if I can reach her.”
“Yes Doctor,” she said and hung up the telephone. So this confirms what Michael has been suspecting about Lisa smoking cigarettes again. She had not been smoking when they met but for some inexplicable reason the addiction had kicked in again. Michael loathes cigarette smoke, odor, and ashes, to say nothing about the medical problems associated with nicotine. He was livid and becoming aware of his emotional reaction said to himself, “well that will be something for discussion at my next session with Dr. Ravish,” his personal analyst. Michael called out to his receptionists saying, “ I will not be able to see anyone else this afternoon. Please cancel all of my appointments and apologize for me. Reschedule them as soon as possible.”
“But Doctor,” she protested, “your 1:30 PM appointment is here and it is a critical matter. You can’t just send her away.”
“Sorry. I must. I just can’t see anyone now,” Michael said. Heathen let himself out through his private door and drove home to Carmel Valley. So for the first time in his entire life Michael experienced not being able to function professionally as a response to personal problems.
When he graduated from high school he made the valedictory address even though he had learned just before he was to speak that his mother was divorcing his father. Michael was more likely to keep going no matter what happened than to stop because of adverse things in his life. However during the next five years this dysfunction would be repeated over and over. In the end, Dr. Grinberg became a shell of his former self and ultimately totally shut down. He was not able to function at all, he could not even open his personal mail for many months before he was arrested for a crime he was lured into commiting.
On the way to the Carmel Valley Ranch Michael called Lisa’s office number. The computer answered the telephone with this message inhere own voice.
“Hi. This is Lisa. I am in Barcelona, Spain today and will return to the home office on Friday. Please leave your name, telephone number, and any message and I will return your call as soon as possible. Oh. Guess What. I am pregnant. Isn’t that wonderful?”
Michael was encouraged by the end of her message and he left her the following message. “Yes, it is wonderful that you are pregnant. I know you will be a marvelous mother. I am somewhat bewildered by a letter that came from Dr. Pissarro today. He mentioned smoking and told you to stop. Also you are instructed to stop your travel and work. Please come home and let’s talk this thing over. For our baby’s sake. OK.
”Lisa returned home and things took a turn for the better. She was pregnant and appeared to be happy. In fact she was happier than anyone who knew her could ever remember her being. She and Michael began to visit his brother and sister and other friends on a regular basis. They attended Synagogues intending to find one that they could seek membership in and plan to raise their child in. Before Hanukkah came in December Lisa began to decorate the home for the holiday and it was she who reminded Michael that they would be going to Gary’s for dinner. One evening she and Michael were just getting into bed and she said to him.
“You know, Michael. I have been thinking. Maybe we should consider getting married before the baby comes and there is some place I have been simply salivating to go, Belize, I have heard it is exceptionally beautiful in February.
”Michael replied. “I am very happy to know that you want to get married. Why don’t we go for a June wedding, just before the baby comes? I will check into the Belize thing for February if you want me to.”
“June sounds great,” she said, “and please do check into travel to Belize in February,
“When Rhonda heard about the Hanukkah activities at Michael’s house she called Gary and asked, “What do you know about the sudden change in Lisa? She has decorated the house for the holidays and called to ask if there was anything she could do to help with Hanukkah dinner at our house. I told her that it would-be at your house and she was just as happy as she could be. I am confused by her behavior. First she can’t stand us and the holidays and now she wants to do everything just right.”
Gary waited patiently until Rhonda had finished and then he said, “She is pregnant.”
“Wow,” Rhonda said. “If this is the way she acts when she ispregnant then Michael should keep her pregnant all of the time.
”They laughed, said “good bye” and hung up. In December 1987 Lisa and Michael celebrated Hanukkah in their own home and with friends and relatives. They went to Gary’s home for Hanukkah Dinner and to Rhonda’s for Shabbat. In January and early February Michael curtailed his schedule and he and Lisa spent time planning for the baby. 
Against the doctor’s recommendations, they made the trip to Belize in late February which both had want to take. In Belize they took short walks on the beach and rode a jeep into the mountains. They stayed in resort hotels and small intimate bed and breakfast places. Lisa had a short bout with diarrhea but it lasted only a few hours and the incident was soon forgotten.
March 17, 1988, soon after their return from Belize Michael called the realtor from whom he had purchased the Carmel Valley Ranch and after a brief discussion told him to list the property for three quarters of a million dollars.
Michael and Lisa then began to look for a new home in North County. April 15, 1988. Without warning, Lisa began to cramp. The convulsions intensified and Lisa called Michael who called emergency. Both Michael and the ambulance arrived at the Carmel Valley Ranch within 30 minutes of the call. On the way to the hospital she aborted the pregnancy in the amublance. It had all happened in less than two hours. A postmortem failed to reveal any artificial causes for the abortion.
 May 30, 1988 The Carmel Valley Ranch closed escrow and Michael purchased a condominium near the University of California in La Jolla. The grieving couple moved into Lisa’s Blackhawk Mansion on a temporary basis. This was agreeable to Michael because they had to vacate the ranch and he had not closed on the condo. Also, and they had a trip planned to China.
September 15, 1988 Michael and Lisa boarded a giant 747 China Air for a direct flight from Los Angeles, California to Bejing, China for a three week vacation. They were both in good physical condition and boarded the buses, trains, and hiked daily for twenty one days.
In Bejing they went to Red Square and the Museum of China. From there they took a bus to the Yellow River Basin and finally by train to the Great Wall of China. The final two days of the trip Lisa awoke feeling nauseous and she noted that she had missed her period, again. She said nothing to Michael about either although she thought she knew what it meant. 
9:00 AM October 12, 1988, San Diego County Hospital for Women, Del Mar, California, Office of Dr. Steven Pissarro, Pediatric Medicine. “Well, Ms Cohen.” Dr. Pissarro said. There is no question about it, you are pregnant. According to the information you provided I estimate the baby will be born about May 15, 1989. Here are your instructions for self care for the remainder of the term. If you have any questions please call me on my private number”. Lisa looked at the new instruction sheet. It read: “Ms. Cohen: “Now that you are pregnant, again, you will want to do everything you can to insure that your baby will be strong and healthy when it is born. You should remember that you are near the backend of child bearing and that in itself is a danger. To offset that I am recommending that you take a leave of absence from your work until after the baby is born. You should spend most of your time in bed. You may take short walks or brief swims if you want to but no exercise such as running, tennis, hiking, etc., you know anything that works up a sweat. I want you to not travel long distances, over 20 miles, by car and absolutely no air travel of any kind. It is imperative that you give your body the best chance possible to nurture the fetus. No alcohol of any kind and if you smoke cigarettes you must stop immediately. If you will do this I believe that you will carry the child full term and produce a healthy baby’s //Dr. Pizzaro.
“Oh, oh,” was all that Lisa could say. 
“And one more thing Ms Cohen. I will speak to Dr. Grinberg on the telephone as a professional courtesy. I hope you do not mind this.” Pizzaro said.
“Of course I mind.” Lisa said. “I am having the baby, not him. Besides, I have already told you that he is planning to kill me.”
“At this time I am only speaking to him as a professional colleague,I will not mention the threat to kill you. Is that acceptable now?” he asked.
“I suppose so,” she said. “You will do what you want to do regardless of what I say. I know how you doctors are. You just push people around to make yourself feel superior.”
Dr. Pizzaro was startled by Lisa’s anger. He said nothing more about Dr. Grinberg and told her “Take care of yourself and your baby, Ms Cohen.”
Lisa carried her anger home with her this time. During the next seven and a half months the relationship struggled for air. Michael and Lisa agreed that the marriage idea was hopeless. They were both unhappy and discontent.
The LaborPains
May 14, 1989, Blackhawk Mountain Estate, Blackhawk, California. Lisa had gained 78 pounds during the pregnancy. She was more than ready when the first labor pain came at 11:45 PM on the night of May 14. It was uncomfortable, just enough to get her attention. This was her first born and she had no experience with labor pains. Her first thought was gas. An hour later a second pain struck. This time Lisa knew the true nature of the pain. Thirty minutes later another one came and then in twenty minutes another one. Lisa and Michael had a bag packed and ready to go. Realizing that the time was near she shook Michael rather severely and he awakened. 
“I need to get to the hospital right away,” she said. “I am in labor and the last pains were twenty minutes apart. Come on get up.”
Michael quickly got out of bed and dressed. By that time Lisa was standing at the door with her handbag.
“Can’t you move any faster, Michael?” Lisa said.
She was angry.
“Goodness, woman it’s only been three minutes since you woke me up and I am dressed and ready to go. I know you are stressed but lighten up, will you. You are only having a baby.” Michael said.
Except for special occasions, Lisa had given up the use of the limousine when she and Michael moved from his Carmel Valley Ranch to her Blackhawk Mansion. Michael was still using his Astsro Van for primary transportation and Lisa had bought a new BMW 3400, the largest one available in that line. They took the BMW for the ride to the hospital. Michael was driving. 
He pulled the big machine out of the circle drive and headed West on Blackhawk Drive to the southbound entrance ramp of I-15. They pulled onto the nearly empty Interstate and soon the BMW hit a speed of 97 MPH. The time was exactly 2:05 AM .They would be at San Diego General in about twenty-five minutest this speed. It hardly seemed to be moving at all when Michael glanced at the rearview mirror to see the emergency lights about a half mile back. Pulling over to the right lane he slowed down. By then the lights were directly in back of him. He realized that it was a police car and he was being stopped for speeding.
The Patrolman walked up to the left side of the car where Michael had rolled down the window and said.“What is your hurry sir? You were doing 97 mph in a 65 mile zone.”
“Yes, I know,” Michael said. “My wife is in labor and I am taking her to a hospital. Maybe you could escort us to SD General and we can take care of this speeding business then. Oh, and byte way, I am Dr. Grinberg, here is my license.”
The Patrolman looked at Michael’s license and said. “OK. Follow me. I’ll get you there safely. We will hold the speed at about 75 on the Freeway. We’ll talk about the speeding when we get there.”
June 13, 1989 11:47 AM. San Diego General Hospital “Congratulations Dr. Grinberg. It’s a girl! She was born at 2:55 AM. She is healthy; weight 6 lbs 11oz, 22 inches long. Your wife is just fine. She wants to see you now.”
The hospital doctor said to Michael. “Barring complications she and the baby should be able to go home by 6:00 PM today.”
Michael stood and shook the doctor’s hand. He said. “Thank you very much. I have waited a long time to hear those good words. I’ll go in now.”
Lisa was tired but awake when Michael entered the room. She repeated what the doctor had said to Michael. “It’s a girl. She is healthy, weight 6 lb 11oz, 22 inches long and I am just fine. Wean go home about 6:00 PM.”
Michael responded with the first thing on his mind. He had just been notified by the Highway Patrol that he was getting ticket for speeding and something else like being disrespectful to an officer. 
He said, “Let’s call her “Citation” in honor of this.” He waved the ticket.
Lisa was groggy by the time he finished saying Citation and closed her eyes again to sleep. When she opened her eyes again Michael was standing by the bed.
He said, “I’m not sure I want to go home with you now. You have your mother and the nurse to help with the baby. I have completed redecorating my condo in Crown Beach and I think I will be living there from now on.” Michael said.
 “I know things have not been good between us lately but I need you and our baby will need you. If you will come home withme, we can go to couple’s counseling and see if we can work thingsout.” Lisa said.
Michael said, “OK, I will go home with you but counseling isa must.”
CooperativeInterlude
7:30 PM, Friday, August 29, 1989. Although both Michael and Lisa had agreed on therapy, it was another story in coming to an understanding on whom and where the work would take place. Cooperation between Michael and Lisa began when they took Haley home from the hospital. Michael said, “I have been working with Ron Revich for the past 15 years. He knows my issues and I believe he could help us.
”Lisa said, “That may be good for you but I have been working with Evon Simpson for 13 years. She knows my issues and I believe she would be good for us.”
It did not take the intellect of a rocket scientist to see that this line of thinking was not productive. Lisa and Michael were both amused at the situation and they began cooperating and working together in more harmony than they had had since conception of the baby.
Finally Lisa said. “OK. Tell you what. I’ll ask Dr. Simpson for two referrals. You ask Dr. Reich for two more. I won’t look if you don’t and we will put the names in a hat. We’ll shake it up and draw a name out. Since neither of us looked, we won’t know who recommended the person. 
Six weeks later Michael and Lisa were dining at her Blackhawk Mansion.
Michael said, “I have my two names for the hat. How aboutyou?”
Lisa smiled and said, “Yes, I have two. I’ll get a hat.”
Momentarily Lisa returned with a large straw hat.
She said.“OK here are my two names,” and she dropped them into the hat.
Michael took two pieces of paper from his pocket and dropped them into the hat.“You draw,” he said.
Lisa reached into the hat and drew a piece of paper and said, “you read,” as she handed the paper to Michael.
Counseling was working already. They were not fighting.Michael unfolded the paper and read, “Dr. Emma Golberg, Psychologist, Alameda, California (510) 665-8473.”
“Do you know her?” Lisa asked with some concern.
“Never met her but she is the author of Passive Aggressive PersonalityDisorders and How They Can Kill. I did not know she was still seeing clients,” he responded.
“Does she make house calls? She lives in Alameda. Isn’t that an Island in San Francisco Bay?” Lisa commented.
“I don’t know. Here is her number. Let’s call and see whathappens next,” Michael said as he dialed her number.
 The phone rang twice. “Dr. Golberg. How can I help you?” a soft kindly voice said.
Surprised that she answered her own phone in person, Michael stuttered. “Ugh, Er, Ugh, my name is Michael Grinberg. I am calling from San Diego. I am not alone, Lisa Cohen is with me. She is the mother of our baby and we agreed on counseling. You were recommended by our personal therapists.”
“Good. I have been expecting a call from you both. Two of my colleagues from San Diego called me to see if I was able to see you,” she said.
“I was just surprised that you answered your own telephone. I expected to speak with a receptionist or secretary,” Michael replied.
“Oh. Does it surprise you that I do my own scheduling?” She asked. 
“Frankly, yes. And I called you about seeing you so who better to talk to than you in person?” Michael said.
“Exactly,” Emma replied. “Well, we were concerned. You live in Alameda and we are in San Diego. That is about five hundred miles from here. Do you make house calls or is this a new cyber-psychology practice Online?”Michael amusingly inquired.
“I would like to develop an online practice in the future but for now I see selected clients at the San Diego Hilton Executive Suite. I am there every Wednesday. I could see you there this coming Wednesday, September 3, 1989 at 9:30 AM.”
“Just a moment,” Michael said.Turning to Lisa he asked. “Will you be available this comingWednesday 9:30 AM?”
“Yes. That will be fine with me. I have a flight out at 1:30PM, ”She replied.
Speaking into the telephone again Michael said, “Dr. Golberg. We will see you at 9:30 AM next Wednesday at the Hilton Executive Suite.” 
Dr. Golberg
9:30 AM, Wednesday, September 3, 1989 Dr. Emma Golberg, psychologist and couples therapist is taking her own seat. She says, “Tell me what it is that you expect to accomplish in these counseling sessions.” 
Dr. Golberg was careful to not address the statement to either Michael or Lisa in order to see which one would take the lead. Michael and Lisa are comfortably seated in separate chairs in the sitting room of the Executive Suite at the San Diego Hilton. Everything appeared calm and under control, at least on the surface. This counseling session had taken six weeks to arrange. Michael spoke first but he did not answer the question.
He said, “I am so surprised that you are so young, Dr. Golberg. You have such an extraordinary reputation that it seems you ought to be much older to have time to have built it. It seems that I became acquainted with your work when I was a college student. No offense, but you are very young.”
“Well, thank you for your praise. I have been very fortunate in my career in that my personal interests seem to Coincide with that of the public. So it was easy to build a reputation under those conditions,” Dr. Golberg replied.
“Now to the question, what it is that you expect to accomplish in these counseling sessions?” she asked again.
Lisa spoke first. “There are just so many things that set us apart from each other. Our value systems are so different that we are in endless conflict. Michael likes books and papers and he scatters them all over the house. I don’t mind books if they are in a cabinet with shutters that close. And to make it worse, he reads the books. Like who reads books, you know? He also keeps a pile of magazines and books in the bathroom by the toilet stool. He can’t read that much stuff while going to the bathroom. He has a collection of contemporary art that he wants to hang all over the walls, high and low. He likes to look at them and showthem to his friends.
My preference is that the walls be clean and uncluttered. Then there is the Jewish thing. We are both Jews but he is soooo religious. He and his whole family are that way. They even say Jewish Prayers before and after meals. Like I said, I am Jewish, too, but not that religious stuff.
And he has that big Jewish family thing. You know his brother and his sister and his mother and his father and all of his aunts and uncles and cousins and Jewish friends. It just makes me sick the way they fall all over themselves to be together. It’s disgusting!! 
Also, I work a lot and travel. He works a lot too but when it comes to vacation he wants to travel and but I want to stay home. Another thing, he brings his work home with him. You know videos and photos and books and stuff. Some of them are sexually explicit and I don’t like work stuff at home and his things particularly. Why can’t he be like other men? Leave work at the office, stay home for vacation, dump that big family, and what’s so important about being a Jew, forget it and relax, and the library of books and the art collection, why can’t he keep that stuff in his office?”
By the time Lisa finished her list of complaints her left eye was watering and twitched. Her voice was shaking and she was on the edge of tears.
Emma blinked and said, “Well, Lisa, you seem to have thought about this thing a lot. “What about you, Michael, what do you want to accomplishin these meetings?”
Lisa injected, “Oh, there is one more thing. That condo at Crown Beach. He has a private condo that he just completed redecorating. Also, I think he is planning to kill me.”
Emma smiled. “Anything else?”
Lisa said, “Not just now. I may think of something else. I’ll tell you if I do.
”Emma replied. “OK. Now, Michael, what are your thoughts?”
Michael waited and then said. “Well, those are the basic issues Lisa outlined. Values of a lifetime. Family, Religion, Culture, Work, Vacations, Personal Possessions, we just basically live in two different worlds. I want her to conform to my value system and she wants me to adapt to hers. It is just a nightmare. We fight all of the time. Now we have this child to rise. The whole thing is frightful for me and it must be for her. We need a lot of help to overcome it. There is something that hasn’t been mentioned before and that is her competitiveness. She is compelled to be better than men. She makes herself make more money than men make. She ignores her doctor’s directions. I don’t know why she has to be like that. Even in cars, she has to have the biggest and most expensive car on the block. When I met her she even had a limousine with full time drivers. My professional opinion is that she suffers from undiagnosed borderline personality disorder. But ethics prohibits me from prescribing medication which I doubt that she would take anyway.”Michael concluded. 
Emma looked at her watch. Forty five minutes had passed very quickly. She said. “I see that our time is about up for now. I want to change our procedure from face to face meetings to video conferences, if that is OK. Since you both have equipment in your offices. I believe it will be better for the two of you and it will certainly save you both time and money. That means we will meet in video conference on September 10, at 9:30 AM. In the mean time, I want both of you to think about one thing in the other person that you love and admire. You know, think of something that attracts you to the other person.”
As they were leaving Michael said. “Oh, by the way, Dr.Golberg, I have a copy of your book, Passive Aggressive Personality Disorders and How They Can Kill. Will you autograph it for me?”He handed her the book.
“Of course I will,” she said as she accepted the book.
 She then walked over and sat at a table and signed the book. Michael and Lisa walked out of the Executive Suit and entered the elevator. Lisa said, “My God, Michael! Another book to sit on a shelf and gather dust. You have such a K-Mart mind. We are wasting our time with her. I can’t stand your collecting books and art and stuff. I’ll bet you can’t wait to call your brother and tell him what happened today.”
The DollStory
11:30 PM March 18, 1990. The next six months were busy. Both Michael and Lisa worked. Lisa traveled a lot and Michael took care of Haley with the Nanny when she was out of town. Nanny regularly put Haley to bed at 8:00 PM and she then took her shower and had a small snack in the kitchen and retired forth night. Lisa returned from a late night flight from Arkansas. She called her mom to see how she was doing and then slipped out of all of her clothes and went straight to the hot tub where she warmed herself for the next thirty minutes. The she showered addressed for bed. She checked on Haley again and then went to herbed. She turned down the covers and a large inflatable doll bounced up at her. She called the police who responded immediately but without emergency lights and sounds, immediately. 
The police report read. “I Lt. Bud Simpson walked around the bedroom and observed the scene. Nothing appeared to be out of place. The so called doll, designed to be inflated, was flat. It wasn’t much of a lady, didn’t even have a neck but someone had dressed it in ladies [sic] night. We took the doll to the station and checked for fingerprints. The only prints found were those of the victim, Ms.Cohen. She claimed not to have touched the doll. We closed the case because of lack of evidence that a crime had been committed.”That was the end of the doll episode until the civil trial a year later.
The MutilatedPenis
7:30 PM, Friday, April 1, 1990. Michael and Lisa agree to dinner at her Blackhawk Mansion so that Michael could visit with Haley. Michael long ago gave up Shabbat Dinners with his brother and sister at Lisa insistence. Michael entered the house through the back entrance and greeted Saundra, the cook.
“Hi Sandra.” Sandra was Lisa’s cook. 
“Please  tell Lisa that I am here. I am going in to see Haley,” he said. “Here are some photos I made a couple of weeks ago of my family when we went to the beach. There are some good shots of Haley with my mom and dad,” Michael added as he pitched the photos onto the end of the kitchen counter. He proceeded back to Haley’s room.
As he walked into Haley’s room where she was being held and rocked by the Nanny whose back was to the door, Michael could see that Haley was partially clothed and the Nanny was fondling her genital with her finger.
Nanny said, “I was just helping her go to sleep.”
Michael could see what was happening and decided not to confront the Nanny, choosing rather to take it up with Lisa. The Nanny also knew that Michael had seen her. She would have do something to discredit him with Lisa. Michael stayed in with Haley for a few minutes and the Nanny departed and went to the kitchen.
Nanny saw the family photographs, thought of the picture of a man with a mutilated penis that Michael had thrown in the trash before he moved. She went to her room and returned briefly to the kitchen. Pretending to look at the photos, she slipped the ghastly picture into the stack with the family photos and retired for the evening, knowing that Michael and Lisa would take care of Haley the rest of the night.
When Michael finished putting Haley to bed he returned to the dining area just as Lisa came in for dinner. They sat down quietly and chatted.
Michael said, “You know something, Lisa. There is absolutely no reason for you and me to fight each other. You are you and I am me.”
He paused and Lisa interjected. “Brilliant, doctor. Any other astute observations?” she asked curtly with a broad smile. 
“No. Really,” Michael replied. “We don’t have to fight like we do. We can be civil and perhaps even friends someday. For Haley’s sake.”
“That is what I said brilliant to, doctor,” she said. “And tell me how you arrived at that conclusion.”
Michael continued his offering quietly. He said, “I know you love Haley as much as I love her. There is no reason for us tonight about that. We simply have different values and maybe it is good that we found that out before we got married. I am willing to-do whatever I have to do to see that you and she are comfortable and that she can grow up being loved by the both of us. And she can love me without hurting you and the other way around.
”Lisa looked at Michael and said. “I always thought you were a decent person, Michael. Your idea sounds good. Haley can have both of us and be the better for it. I just hope we can keep this commitment to her and to each other. I will try.”
Michael said. “I’ll try too. We can talk again soon. Tonight I still have to make the rounds at the hospital. Call me if you need anything.”
He finished eating and left for the hospital about 9:00 PM.
The next morning Lisa was drinking her coffee and looking at the photos. She came upon the frightful picture and was startled for a brief moment. Then she put the photograph aside thinking, “I’ll bet he needs this soon.” and the incident passed without a mention. Nothing more was said until the civil trial.
The CrimeVideo
7:30 PM, Friday, April 15, 1990 Michael entered the house through the back entrance and greeted Saundra, the cook. “Hi Sandra. Please tell Lisa that I am here. I am going into see Haley,” he said. “Here are some videos I made a couple of weeks ago of my family when we went to the beach. There are some good shots of Haley with my mom and dad,” Michael added as he pitched the video tape onto the end of the kitchen counter. He proceeded back to Haley’s room. Again, he walked into Haley’s room where she was being held and rocked by the Nanny whose back was to the door. Michael could see that Haley was partially clothed and the Nanny was fondling her genital with her finger. Nanny said, “I was just helping her go to sleep.”Michael again was sure he could see what was happening and again decided not to confront the Nanny, choosing rather to take it up with Lisa. The Nanny also knew that Michael had seen her. She would have do something to discredit him with Lisa. Apparently Lisa did not see the photo from last week. Michael stayed in with Haley for a few minutes and the Nanny departed and went to the kitchen. When the Nanny saw the video she said to the cook,“What is this video?”
The cook replied, “Oh you know Michael. He is always doing something. He just brought these videos of Haley and his family for Lisa to look at. You can see them tonight if you like. Lisa will not look at them till tomorrow. Nanny looked at the video and said. “OK. I will look tonight. Put it back when I am through.”
Nanny did look at video but what she put back was a police crime scene video that Michael had brought home to review in case he was called as a witness for one of his clients who had shot and killed his wife. She switched the covers leaving the family videos in the crime scene box and the crime scene videos in the family video box. When Lisa discovered the crime video she thought Michael was just careless. She felt the same way when she looked at the mutilation photo in with family pictures. No big deal. Nothing more was said until the civil trial.
MilePost47, I-5 North
9:00AM Monday, April 18, 1990 Michael left his Crown Beach Condo at 8:00 AM for an appointment in Los Angeles at 10:00 for an interview with Masters and Johnson Institute for a position as co-director. At 9:00 AM he was just north of Pendleton Marine Station approaching the INS checkpoint. Monday, April 18 was Lisa’s appointment with her Beverly Hills Hairstylist. She left her Del Mar Condo at about 8:30 AM in her new Yellow Mercedes 800. Her appointment was at 9:45 AM so she had to drive a little faster than she normally would. Besides, the speed on that part of I-5 is frequently 90 MPH. Lisa and Michael both reached the 47 Mile Marker just south of the INS check point at the same time. Michael caught a glimpse of a blond driving a new Mercedes in the lane to his left. Both cars lined up for the INS check.
To get a better look at the blond in the Mercedes, Michael slowed down. Lisa recognized Michael’s Porches and she also slowed down. He reached the check point first and passed on through. Lisa reached the check point after Michael had gone on but she reported the incident to the guard noting that the car license was HEAD DOC, the special tag that Michael had acquired as a student. Michael never saw who the blond was driving the new Mercedes.He would learn later that it was Lisa. Nothing more was saidabout the incident at the 47 mile marker until the civil trial.
The Helper
2:45 PM, Tuesday March 15, 1990“ Dr. Grinberg, Dr. Cohen from Los Angeles is on the phone, he says it is urgent,” Michael’s secretary-receptionist said as Juanita left the office. Dr. Cohen was Lisa’s pediatrician brother who had abused her for several year during their youth.
“Richard,” Michael said as he picked up the phone. “What can I do for you today?” Michael said.
“Don’t be alarmed, Michael,” Richard said. “But there was a fire in Blackhawk this morning. Sandy,” Lisa’s and Richard’smother, “Sandy’s house was damaged in the fire. She fell and brokeher hip and is in the hospital now. I’m calling you because I can’tget hold of Lisa and my waiting room is filled with patients.Can you go to the hospital and see how Sandy is and let me know,”Richard said.
“OK. I’ll get over there and see what is happening. Lisa is in Arkansas this week. She took Haley and the Nanny with her. I will try to get in touch with her also. If you don’t hear from me you can assume that it is not serious. I’ll ask Lisa to call you when I find her, OK,” Michael said.
“I’ll really owe you one for this.” Richard replied. He hung up. “Reschedule my last two private sessions for the first openings this week and I will be back for the group at 5:30 tonight,” Michael said as he picked up his jacket and headed for the door. “There was a fire in Blackhawk and Lisa’s mother Sandy fell and broke herhip. She is in the hospital and I am going to see about her,” he added.
Michael picked up his Porch 911 from the garage and headed East on I-810 to I-15 North to the Blackhawk General Hospital. On the way he looked at his watch and thought “it’s 3:30 PM here, it must be 5:30 p m in Arkansas.” He dialed the number for the Howard Johnson’s Motor Hotel in Fayetteville. Hobo’s, short for Howard Johnson, was the most upscale hotel north of Little Rock, Arkansas.
“Howard Johnson’s Motor Hotel, Fayetteville,” a pleasant voice said.“
This is Dr. Grinberg in San Diego, California calling for Lisa Cohen, it is an emergency,” Michael responded.
“I will connect you now,” the voice said. 
The phone rang in Lisa’s room.
“Hello,” the Nanny answered.
“Nan, this is Michael in San Diego. I need to speak to Lisa. It is an emergency,” Michael said.
“Miss Lisa not in now Michael. Call back later,” the Nannysaid.
Michael did call back several times that night and the next morning and the next night. He was not able to locate Lisa during the next three days. Much later, months later, he learned that Tim Robertson had been on the trip with her and while the Nanny kept Haley in Fayetteville, Lisa and Tim boarded with Sam Wallenstein in Bentonville. The rest of the week went quickly with Michael working eighteen hour days and on Friday Lisa returned from Arkansas.
Argument at Blackhawk Mansion
Friday March 18, 1990. After his 5:30 appointment Michael stopped by to see the hospital to see Sandy and she asked him to go by and see what damage had been done to her Blackhawk house. He did and arrived at his and Lisa’s home in Blackhawk about 7:15 PM. Lisa was there. Haley was getting ready for bed. 
“I came by to see Haley and to give you a report on your mother” he said.
First, she fell and broke her hip in the fire at her house. I just came by the house to check on it and the damage is minimal. She can return home when she leaves the hospital.
And how was your trip to Arkansas?” Michael said.
“The trip was very successful. Michael, look at that dirt you brought in from mom’s place! If you go there again for G-d’s sakes clean your feet before you come in the house! OK,” Lisa responded.
She was cold and unappreciative of his care for her mother andher mother’s house. She did not acknowledge that he had tried tocontact her.
“Go. Go. Live in your Crown Beach Condo with your harem of sluts. I know that is what you do when I am gone,” she said projecting her affair with Tim onto Michael. Michael let it all go. He knew the relationship was over.
“Get over it, the sooner, the better,” he said to himself.
Michael returned to his Porch 911 and headed back to his office for his 5:30 PM group session. When that session was done he went to the hospital to make his rounds and then returned to his Crown Beach Condo just as both hands on the clock pointed at the twelve, it was midnight again. Michael  Sur and Carmel, for a walk on the beach, showered and 
XXVII
The CrimeWatch
December 22, 1992, Office of Suzanne McRae, San Diego Union Tribune Staff Writer. McRae, a thirty-nine year old crime reporter for the Union Tribune sat at her desk in the basement of the UT building at First and Main. It was 11:30 AM and she had just about had it with crime reporting. Rape, Robbery, Husbands killing wives and wives killing husbands, relatives killing each other. Burn out, that is what they use to call it in the sixties. The telephone rang.
“Hi Suzanne, Wayne Crowder here,” the voice on the other end of the line said. “Got a minute for an old friend?”
It seems like everybody in this cabal has some kind of underlieing motive or connection. This was no different. Crowder and McRae had grown up in the same West Side neighborhood in New York City. They both attended New York City University and moved to San Diego after graduation.
“For you any time,” she said.
“Great. How about meeting in the Aviary at the San Diego Zoo,” Crowder said.
“No questions asked.” she said, attempting some humor but Crowder was not known for him humor.
“OK, then. Three o’clock then. Be casual. T-shirt, jeans, tennis shoe and straw hat. Cover your tracks.” He said and hung upthe phone. 
Crowder then pressed the number one on his speed dial for a second number. The phone rang on the security line to Blackhawk Industries.Lisa was the only one authorized to receive calls on that phone.
She picked the phone up and said. “Yes, this is Lisa.”
“Everything is set. Meet me in the Aviary at the Zoo. Three o’clock. OK, be casual; Jeans with T-shirt and tennis shoes. Straw hat if you have one. Wait until you see me with a lady. We will meander around and strike up a conversation with you and other visitors at the Zoo. Bring the Hollywood Copy”.
“See you at three,” Lisa responded and hung up.
San Diego Zoo
3:00 PM December 22, 1992 Crowder parked his 1993 Jaguar in the shade of the VIP parking lot at the Zoo. He saw that Lisa had been had brought her limousine and it was parked in stand by parking. Suzanne would be parking in a press lot on the other side of the front gate. He walked up to the gate, showed his permanent pass and was waved through the gate.
The Aviary was directly ahead to the right about 300 feet. Crowder walked with a purpose. Suzanne was already inside the Aviary watching young Green African Parakeets flutter nervously around. She saw Wayne as he pushed his way through the round swinging gate. As he approached she held out both arms and gave him a warm friendly hug and quick smack on the lips. 
“This must be big time crime, meeting incognito at the Zoo.”she said.
“Almost over my head this time,” Wayne replied.
“Maybe I can relieve some of the pressure, old friend. Tell me what’s involved here.” she said and smiled.
“Everything imaginable; Murder for hire, revenge, reprisal, retribution, retaliation, vengeance, requital, vindictiveness, internationaldrug traffic, multi-state police actions, famous local psychiatrist and powerful  lady, San Diego County District Attorney, Dade County Florida District Attorney, local stoole pigeon and an undercover cop.” he said.
“How’s that for starters?” he added. 
“I’m not bored anymore,” she said. “Can you give me details?”
“For sure,” he replied. “First I want you to meet the intended victim.Lisa Cohen is the originator of the scheme to have herself murdered by the psychiatrist. I’ll tell you more lately. She is joining us here at three o’clock.”
Wayne looked around to see if Lisa had entered the Aviary.
“In fact there she is near the tide pool watching something. Let’s walk over there.” He said as he led Suzanne in the direction of a small body of water. Wayne and Suzanne stood a few feet from Lisa and watched the ducks swim in a circle.
Lisa was nervous and a slight twitch caused her left eye to water. She always had that twitch when things were really tense with her.
“Interesting little creatures, aren’t they,” he finally said to break the ice.
He and the reporter moved closer to Lisa.
“Lisa. This is Suzanne McRae, Union Tribune Crime Reporter.
Suzanne this is Lisa Cohen, the intended victim,” Wayne said. “Lisa has a prepared story about the crime. You can use what you want from the story and add anything else you can dig up on your own” he added. 
Lisa offered her right hand to Suzanne and they shook hands.
“Very pleased to meet you Ms. Cohen,” Suzanne said. “I  regret the stress you must be under at this time.”
“I am feeling much better now that this thing is set up. I am leaving for an undisclosed vacation for the next eight weeks.”Lisa said. “Here is my prepared story.” She said as she handed Suzanne the twelve hundred word release.
Twelve hundred words made four pages of text.
“Please read it and see if there are any questions I can answer now. After this you will have to get information from Wayne and it may take a few days.”
Suzanne quickly read through the hand out. “The Doctor Michael Mark Grinberg, a Crown Point Psychiatrist The whole medical world will be shocked,” Suzanne said.
“They don’t know the terrorist son-of-a-bitch that I know, “Lisa exploded. Her left eye twitched, it almost closed. “Oh. OK.” Suzanne replied somewhat subdued.
“One more thing,” Lisa said. “See the date. The crime will be committed in Chula Vista at 11:45 P.M. February 11, 1993. I want this story to run in the U—T on Saturday, February 13, 1993, two days after the offense.
”Wayne walked around the small pond to look at the nest the ducks were making. Lisa removed a white envelope from her bag and handed it to Suzanne.
She said, “There will be six more stories like this one. I intend to keep this story in the paper for years. When that bastard comes up for parole I want to make sure that California Department of Corrections requires such rigid restrictions that he will not be able to avoid violation. He will return to prison overhand over and there will be a story with each reentry and each release. Every story you print will return you an envelope like this with one hundred one thousand dollar bills. I don’t want the stories changed. Just print them under your name. OK. Do we have an understanding?” Lisa whispered.
“I believe we do,” Suzanne said as Wayne returned to join them.
Of course, Wayne would gete fifty of the one hundred dollar bills from Susanne for his part in arranging the affair. Good payoff for a little bit of work.
“Time for me to go, Wayne, my plane leaves at 8:30 PM.”Lisa said as he paused.
“I need to run too,” Suzanne said. “I have some shopping to do.”
Wayne acknowledged them both. He gave Suzanne another slight hug and quick kiss and held Lisa close for a moment. Then he said to her, “It’s all set, enjoy your vacation. Call me if anything comesup.”
Wayne turned again to Suzanne and said, “Always nice to seeyou Suzanne. I want to spend some more time here so I can relax with the birds.
The two women walked away in different directions.
Police Department
Friday, February 12, 1993 Suzanne called the Crime unit at the San Diego Police Department and asked for the Officer in charge. When he answered, she said, “This is Suzanne McRae of the Union Tribune. I am calling to confirm that you are holding a Dr.Michael M. Grinberg on a 966, Solicitation for murder charge”.
The Officer replied. “Why, yes, we are. But how did you get this information? We have not told anyone yet, not even the DA.”
“I have my own sources”, she replied and hung up.
The next morning the front page headlines of the Union Tribune”s paper read: “Psychiatrist, 42, arrested in contract-to-kill sting”  under the by line of Suzanne McRaeStaff Writer. The date was13-Feb-1993, a Saturday. The article continued. “A 42-year-old Mission Valley psychiatrist was arrested Thursday on suspicion of soliciting the killing of his former girlfriend. This was a year and a half after the story of his bizarre abuse of the woman persuaded a Superior Court jury to award her almost seven hundred thousand dollars.
Police say Dr. Michael M. Grinberg of Crown Point paid an undercover police officer $2,500 to kill his former girlfriend. Though police did not identify the purported victim of the death solicitation, she was identified by her lawyer as 36-year-old Lisa Cohen of San Diego.
Grinberg was arrested in a South Bay motel parking lot on Thursday afternoon, after an investigation this week by criminal intelligence detectives who were told that Lisa was to be the target of a contract killing, police said. 
Detectives set up a sting operation at the motel, where Grinberg met one undercover officer about 3 p.m. Thursday and agreed to pay the killer five thousand dollars to kill Cohen
The detective was paid $2,500 during the meeting and was to receive the other $2,500 after the deed was done,” said police spokesman Dave Cohen, who is no relation to Lisa Cohen.
Police said Lisa Cohen was to be killed later this month after Grinberg left the country on a trip. A source close to the case said Grinberg also made threats against Cohen’s fiancé, Tim Didrikson, and her lawyer, Wayne Alan Crowder. 
The undercover officer said Grinberg told him, “If Tim got killed while you’re killing Lisa, that would be all right with me.”
The source also said that Grinberg had previously asked two other people about killing Cohen but that both had backed out after taking Grinberg’s money.
Grinberg’s bail, which was initially set at $50,000, was increased to $1 million because authorities believe the woman was in grave danger, authorities said.
Grinberg, whose office is in Mission Valley, specializes in sex therapy and in treatment of sex offenders with mental disorders and had previously testified as an expert witness for the District Attorney’s Office.
In July 1991, Lisa Cohen won a large civil jury award against Grinberg after jurors agreed that he had abused and terrorized her, costing her thousands of dollars in income.
Grinberg denied all her allegations against him.
In the civil trial, Lisa Cohen claimed Grinberg subjected her to a strange series of abuses for almost a year, ranging from a perceived death threat with an inflatable sex doll to a false report to immigration authorities that she was transporting illegal migrants. After a three-week civil trial in 1991, jurors ruled in favor of Cohen. Their award against Grinberg included half a million dollars in punitive damages.
Grinberg’s attorney at that trial, David Hurray, said Grinberg filed for bankruptcy soon after the trial ended. His appeal of the jury verdict is pending before a state appeals court.
Asked if he was surprised by news of Grinberg’s arrest, Hurray replied, “I think I’m going to have to assert the attorney-client privilege on that.
Crowder, Cohen’s attorney said that since the trial, Grinberg has continued to stalk Cohen, including one incident in which he followed her on afreeway then slowed down his vehicle when Cohen slowed her car. 
Crowder said that on Jan. 20, Grinberg told him and another lawyer in the bankruptcy case, “If I wanted to kill Lisa, I could have had it done a long time ago. If I want to get to her, I could do it anytime.
Cohen claimed in her civil lawsuit that Grinberg began abusing her in May 1989. The two had met in February 1987 and began living together later that year. They have a daughter, who is now four years old and in Cohen’s custody. During the trial, Cohen said Grinberg once handed her some photographs she thought were going to be of their daughter, but they were actually graphic pictures of one of Grinberg’s patients who had amputated amputated his own penis.
Another time, she said, the two watched what Cohen thought was to be a rented movie. It turned out to be avideo of a bloody crime scene where a man had shot his wife, she said. She claimed that Grinberg then told her, “That’s what happens to women who don’t listen to their husbands.”
Grinberg denied at the trial that either incident occurred. He claimed in the trial that a psychiactric report on Cohen would vindicate him but the report had been suppressed by the judge in the case.
Cohen, who works as a broker for specialty food manufacturers selling to food wholesalers, said she returned from a business trip in July 1989 to find an inflatable sex doll in the bed she shared with Grinberg. The life-sized doll was wearing Cohen’s negligee and had a stocking wrapped around its neck. She said she considered that a death threat.
Grinberg denied the doll had anything around its neck, saying the inflatable doll didn’t even have a neck. He also claimed that the doll shown to jurors at the civil trial was not the doll that belonged to him. Grinberg’s brother, Gary, had brought the doll under court order obtained by Cohen’s attorney. 
Cohen also claimed Grinberg pulled over while they were drivingon a freeway and tried to strangle her during an argument in June 1989. Grinberg claimed that she had grabbed the steering wheel of the car and sent it off the road.
Cohen and Grinberg separated in October 1989, and Cohenclaimed her abuse by Grinberg heightened at that time.She said that later that month, Immigration and NaturalizationService agents detained her, her daughter and a housekeeper for more than seven hours at the Dallas-Forth Worth airport during a business trip. Agents told her they had received an anonymoustip that she was transporting two illegal migrants.
When Cohen returned to San Diego after the trip, she said she feared for her safety so much that she hired security guards. She said her house was burglarized during that time, with a picture of Grinberg left behind in her kitchen.
Grinberg said he had just asked some friends to go into Cohen’s house to retrieve some of his belongings because a restraining order prevented him from getting near the house. A domestic court commissioner said in a December 1990 ruling that the acrimony between Grinberg and Cohen was making it impossible for them to share parenting of their daughter.
Commissioner Alan B. Clements wrote that Grinberg “has systematically engaged in a series of events which have caused her tojustifiably be concerned for her safety.”
On the witness stand in the civil trial, Grinberg said he saw almost no patients because of his problems with Cohen. He said her allegations were so bizarre that they must be untrue, calling them “a figment of her twisted imagination.” He denied Cohen’s claim that he threatened to inject her with mind-altering drugs in her sleep, as well as her claim that he sprayed bug killer in her face. He said he was unsure whether Cohen was truly frightened of him.
“She has convinced herself of this story and she has carried on for two years,” he testified.
 Asked whether he is frightened of Cohen, Grinberg replied: “I’m frightened that there doesn’t appear to be any in sight  to end this craziness.”
Chronology of a Conspiracy.1992
Michael and Howard were not friends. They met when Michael was working with Mark Schwartz, a Psychiatrist in New Orleans. Schwartz had a brother named Jeff Schwartz living in San Diego. Jeff was on parole for a drug violation. Mark and Jeff Schwartz had a sister named Linda Biron. Linda also lived in San Diego. In order to pay the preposterous civil penalty Michael had to sell all of his assets including the Crown Beach Condo, his eclectic automobile collection, his art collection that included priceless paintings of his long deceased grandfather Joseph Grinberg.
In addition, he took extra consulting jobs in San Diego, Los Angeles and New Orleans where he lived in hotels. To economize he asked Mark Schwartz if he would like to share an apartment.
He and Mark then rented a two bedroom aptartment in lower San Diego. Linda Biron, the sister of Mark and Jeff, had a boy friend named Howard Rhodes. Rhodes was a drug dealer who seldom, if ever,used drugs. He was a hale fellow well met. He either had a lotof money or none at all, most likely none at all.
Howard was allowed to sleep on the couch at the apartmet shared by Michael and Jeff. No one objected because he was so pleasant and upbeat. Michael describes him as “being like an ‘upper’”, that is being very warm and cheerful mascot. This  personality set him in good stead with both Michael and Jeff. Michael and Howard became friendly.
Michael gave him money when he was broke and Howard provide the laughs when Michael was down. This was when Michael became aware that Howard Rhodes was in fact William W. Westwood III, the prodigy son of his former patient Dr. William W. Westwood II, founder of the University. 
A Wild Party
Halloween 1992 Everyone dressed up in some out landish costume. Michael and Lisa were having more and more problems. They fought over parenting Haley. Lisa responded by masterminded a lawsuit against Michael accusing him of terrorizing her. 
During the party Michael said to Howard, “I ought to dress up like a goblin and go out and kill the bitch.”
A few weeks before the party Michael had been talking to his lifelong friend Mona about his problems with Lisa. Mona was telling Michael about the problems she had with life, in fact she said she had been contemplating suicide.
Mona said. “I have been thinking of suicide but I don’t want to just hurt myself. I want to really do it right. Maybe I could strap a bomb on my belly with the trigger on the front. I could go up to Lisa and hug her and blow us both to kingdom come. That would solve my problem with dying and it would get rid of Lisa for you.” 
“Ha! Ha!” Michael said. “Please don’t do that. People would think I put you up to it.”
But Michael thought it was funny and told it to Howard.
Under normal circumstances, this would have been the end of thediscussion of the murder of Lisa Cohen. Michael had no intentionsof either murdering her himself or of having soneone else doit for him.
But, Mona’s comment about getting rid of Lisa.Then Michael’s comment to Howard about murdering Lisa, set the stage for the next episode. 
Around thanksgiving 1992 Michael was in San Diego working with a client and staying in the apartment he shared with Jeff and by now with Howard who was still dating Linda but camping in living room.
One day Michael came in and told Howard quietly: “I did it. I killed the bitch.”
“God. No kidding. No kidding. How did you do it?” Howard asked. He was really excited. Howard was freaked out by the news and really enjoyed it.
Michael finally told him that he was just joking and he added.“I could never do that. Life is too precious to be snuffed out like that. I can’t even kill a bird or an animal of any kind. I can’t stand to see even a dog suffer. You know, I have never even owned a gun. My dad owned guns but not me. I never even wanted one.What would I do with a gun, shoot myself in the foot? It’s just not for me. I will have to suffer her indignities forever if it is up to me to take her out. G-d forbid.”
So ended the Thanksgiving episode. Michael, Jeff, Howard, Linda, and Lisa all went their separate way getting ready for Xmas 1992. 
Michael planned a trip to Puerto Villarte, Mexico.He learned that Howard had no plans and invited him to go along for the trip which was to be the last week of 1992 and the firstweek of 1993. It came time to leave for Mexico and Howard suddenly backed out with the excuse that he had to make a hasty trip to Florida to visit his elderly parents. 
He said, “I’ll go take care of this thing with the folks and come on to Mexico from Florida. I will call you when I get there and get directions to your place.”
Michael agreed and went on to Mexico alone thinking that Howard would soon follow and bring his brand of joviality with him. Michael waited and waited in Mexico, but Howard never arrived.When Michael returned to San Diego the second week of January he learned that Howard was in Jail in Florida  charged with transporting cocaine.
He faced a possible twenty years to life. Bail was set at a quarter of a million dollars. Michael obtained the money for bale and gave it to the local authorities. Howard soon arrived at Los Angeles International Airport where Michael picked him up. 
Howard was so grateful to Michael for not just making his bale and for picking him up and he wanted to do something special for him. Michael told him that was not necessary, that his life was dedicated to helping people, it was a mitzvah. 
Howard persisted and said, “I really want to do you a special favor.I know how much trouble Lisa has caused you and I’m gonna‘take care’ of her for you.”
“Sure you are!!” Michael replied.
The issue was not mentioned it for a couple of weeks when Howard called Michael. He sounded particularly upbeat for someone facing a 20 year prisonl term.
“Hey Buddy. Remember I told you I would take care of Lisa for you”. Howard said. “OK I have it set up. Meet me at the Chula Vista Motel Sunday night, 11:45 P.M.”
Alleged Crime Scene
ChulaVista, California, February 11, 1993 11:25 PM. Michael pulled his classic Porsche 911  into the parking lot of the Days Inn Motor Hotel in Chula Vista.. He looked at his watch and saw that he still had twenty minutes until the 11:45 appointment. and another person  Michael was clueless as to what was about to happen.
It was mid February but the nightwas still warm from the heat of the winter desert sun. He was wearing a short-sleeved T-shirt with a pair of stone-washed Levi’s and Berkenstock Sandals. His beard was neatly trimmed and highlighted with a broadening trace of Grey. He looked little like the distinguished forensic psychiatrist that he was. Michael was somewhat dubious about the meeting that was to take place.with Howard and he did not know the name Nick Perez.
He had the sensation of a detached illusion, like he was tumbling in space. There was nothing in his life experience like this that he could relate it to. Michael was unwilling that she would be hurt badly. He thought Howard was clever enough to do something to ruin her business, especially her big accounts like Price Club or Wallenstein Mart or Safeway. Maybe they would just burn her business, or her private residence. He was willing for them to break her leg or maybe both legs. Maybe they want to beat her up good and black her eyes and maybe bruise her jaws and hurt her physically.
Michael did not know that “to take care of Lisa” meant that they would kill her. He had never personally killed anything. As a child he discovered that he could never kill animals or birds. He recalled his Hebrew School Teacher reciting the Tenth Commandment, “Thou Shalt Not Kill!!!! In college he objected to dissecting animals and in medical school he was revolted by the requirementsof anatomy and physiology laboratories. So killing was not on his mind. Besides, he was a doctor of medicine, sworn to uphold the Hypocratic Oath.
Murder was an alien concept to him. What transpired was a problematic predisposition due to depression, resentments, fear, anger, frustration, powerlessness and gloom. The strain of the previous years found expression in his bearing in the way he walked. The lies tha, the duplicity the legal mambo jumbo, the judicial evasiveness, the contrived prevarication, and the distortions of reality over whelmed him and pushed him into a state of severe manic depression. His six foot frame was bent and his gate much slower than a man of forty two years normally moves.
The pent uprage from helplessness, eating away at his insides, made him appear smaller than he really was. Lisa had mastered the art of emasculating men, especially men who tried to be close to her. Here was a man she had defeated. This meeting was one last effort for Michael to have a relationship with his daughter Haley. Michael placed his head on the steering wheel of his Porsche 911 and momentarily his mind drifted back to the previous year.
California Superior Court
San Diego August 10, 1991. In August of 1991 Lisa had filed civil suit accusing him of terrorizing her and causing her to lose large sums of money. The litigation was no surprise to Michael. In three years of a stormy relationship he had come to know the degree of her hatred for men. Bit by bit Michael had heard how both her father and brother took intimate liberties with her.
He heard how the brother was the favorite, always. If any favors were to be done in her family, the favor would go to the brother. If anyone was to be short changed by the family, it would be Lisa. She wanted to get even withal men in her entire life, her father, her brother, her first lover, and all of the men who had disappointed her before she met Dr.Grinberg.
Michael replayed the courtroom drama in his mind. Her attorney had been the contentious feminist civil lawyer Glorietta Alright. She was a mistress at deception, cunning trickery and dissimulation in the courtroom. Few attorneys or judges for that matter, were equal to her judicial antics. In her opening statements she addressed each essential component in the courtroom as though she were talking to them individually.
“Ladies and gentlemen of the Jury,” she said slowly as she looked into the eyes of each of the twelve jurors. “Your Honor  Judge Fagon,” she lowered her voice while looking straight into his face and beyond the present through his eyes. She owned this judge and she knew it. “Worthy opponent,” she said as she smiled and turned to look into the eyes of David Hurray, Michael’s defense attorney.
Here wasa man she had never met in the courtroom but she knew his reputation. She looked into his eyes in a way that conveyed her deep respect for his abilities. Then with the contempt of a black widow she spoke with sarcasm and scorn as she dragged out the words: Doctorrrrrrr Grinberg.” 
Only an ignoramus simpleton would have missed the contempt .“We will show this court that this is a clear case of a helpless woman fighting back against an over bearing chauvinist who is willing to go to any lengths to control her life and the life of her precious daughter. We will show that Doctorrrrrrr Grinberg”; again she dragged out the reference to Michael being a medical doctor withsarcasm and scorn. “We will show that the doctorrrrrrr, “a man who raised his right hand and swore to up hold the sanctity of life.”
“Objection” Hurray said in a very loud and authoritative voice.
“What is your objection, Mr. Hurray?” the judge asked.
“May we have a sidebar, your honor,” Hurray replied.
The judge nodded his head affirmative and both Hurray and Ms. Alright approached the the judges bench.“What is your objection, Mr. Hurray?” the judge asked again.
Hurray said, “This case has nothing to do with my client Michael Grinberg being a medical doctor. For Ms. Alright to continue to use sarcasm and scorn to slur and ridicule the doctor will prejudice the jury against him, if it has not already done so. This case is about a malicious, vindictive and revengeful hysterical woman and a failed relationship your honor, not about medicine.”
Alright’s anger flared. “You can’t allow this disrespectful crudeness to exist in this court room, your honor. This trial has not even begun and already he is insulting the anatomy of women by making reference to the barbaric vandalism of the female anatomy. I won’t stand for it now or ever. Your Honor, can we takea short break so I can regain my composure before we go on?”
“Poor thing,” Hurray said before the judge could reply.
The Judge picked up his gavel and tapped it lightly on the block.
“Ladies and gentlemen, we will take a ten minute break at this time. When we return I will have something to say to the jury and both attorneys in the case.”
Ten minutes went by quickly and everyone returned tothe court room and the judge rapped the gavel as he cleared his throat.
“Ladies and gentlemen. The objection is upheld. The jury will disregard the Ms Alright’s references to Mr. Grinberg being a medical doctor. And it is my desire that this trial will proceed smoothly with no more bickering and positioning of respective attorneys. Is that clear?”
“Yes, your honor”, Hurray said.
“Indeed, your honor”, Alright responded.
“Proceed.” the judge said.
Alright stood and began where she left off. “We will show that in an attempt to control my plantiff, Mr. Grinberg has abused and terrorized Ms. Cohen and cost her hundreds of thousands of dollars in income. All of this he did in this manner:1. By letting her believe that he was contemplating suicide. 2. By implying a threat to her life by placing an inflatable woman with a noose around the neck in her bed. 3. By falsely reporting her to immigration authorities claiming that she was transporting an illegal immigrant in an interstate flight thus causing her to be detained by authorities resulting in missedbusiness appointments that would have resulted in hundreds of thousands of dollars in income. 5. By showing her ghastly photographs of a self mutilated patient,s penis. 6. By showing her grisly crime scene of a man who had shot his wife.
All of these acts were committed in order to terrorize and frighten the victim into obedience. For all of these offenses, ladies and gentlemen of the jury, he should be exposed and punished. It is that simple and we will prove all of the allegations by the testimony of the victim, Ms. Lisa Cohen, corroborated by eyewitnesses and deciphered by experienced professionals. And we will ask the jury for justice and financial compensation for loss of income and for pain and suffering.” Again the attorney looked into the eyes of each memberof the jury panel and the judge and said: “This concludes my opening remarks.Thank you for listening.”
She said as she turned and slowly returned to her seat, taking her time sitting down.
After a brief pause the judge looked towards the defense tableand said: “The defense is prepared to make an opening statement,isn’t it Mr. Hurray.”
“Of course we are, your honor.” David Hurray replied. “I am only pausing a moment to allow dissipation of the hysterical aurora of Ms.Alright’s opening statement”
“Objection, objection, your honor,” Alright intrjected loudly from her position at the plaintiff table.
“Will the attorneys please approach the bench.” Judge Fagon said.
When the attorneys reached the sidebar, the Judge asked, “Now what is this objection, Ms. Alright?”
“Your honor, we have already been through this about Mr. Hurray making reference to the barbaric procedure of medicine resulting in the mutilation of the female anatomy. I cannot allow this male chauvinism to go unchallenged in court. It has no place in this forum of justice and in this case in particular.” She said.
Judge Fagon realized that unless he took complete charge of this situation now he would be in for a very long trial. Thoughtfully he he gave his decision. 
“It is true Ms. Alright, that issue has no place in this courtroom and I don’t want you bringing it upagain. Mr. Hurray. Please try to find another expression in  place of hysteria. “Objection overruled. Mr. Hurray please continueyour opening statement now.”
“Of course, and thank you your honor.” David Hurray sheepishly began again. “ As I was saying. I was only pausing a moment to allow the emotional aurora of Ms. Alright’s opening statement to dissipate so that I might present the ladies and gentlemen of the jury a  more coherent version of what will take place during the next few weeks.” Hurray began again.
“Greetings Ladies and Gentlemen of the Jury,” He said as he gazed into the eyes of each .
“Your honor” he said and faced the judge.
“Worthy opponent, Ms. Alright,” David smirked as he looked at her.
“I am here to defend my client, Mr. Michael Mark Grinberg, from these slanderous and derogatory allegations made by a hysterica, whoops there is that word again, sorry, wrought-up female who hates all men, in particular she hates one man, my client,Dr. Grinberg, who happens to be the father of her only child. We will prove that these scurrilous and disparaging claims are not only false but they are a figment of the imaginationof the aberrant mind of Lisa Cohen. We will show through her own words and through the testimony of experts that: 1. Ms. Cohen’s belief that Mr. Grinberg was contemplating suicide was hateful thinking. 2. Mr. Grinberg had nothing to do with the inflatable dummy. 3. Mr. Grinberg had reason to believe that Ms. Cohen was infact traveling with an illegal immigrant. 4. Missing a single appointment did not cost the plaintiff hundreds of thousands of dollars in income. 5. Mr. Grinberg did not deliberately show ghastly photographs to Ms. Cohen.6. Mr. Grinberg did not deliberately show grisly crime scenes to Ms. Cohen.What I will do however, is show how the plantiff did three things that clearly represent her modus operendi and illustratewho she really is.
Ms Cohen is A. Woman who s so socially backward that she could not get laid on her own.”
“Objection, objection!!!! This is opinion and has no place in acourt of law, your Honor.” Glorietta shouted.
“Miss Alright” the judge said patiently. “You will have plenty of opportunity to answer these allegations. Objection over ruled. Proceed Mr. Hurray.”
David Hurray sensing a chance to drive home a point repeated his last sentence’s Cohen is A. A Woman who is so socially backward that she could not get a man on her own and needed her mother to procure a one for her through the National Enquirer. B. A woman who had never had a lasting legitimate relationship with a man. C. She stole a from her own father and refused to share the family business with her brother. We will dispute the plaintiff ’s allegations one by one and in the end the plaintiff will be the one exposed and humiliated as a result of these revelations.
Ladies and gentlemen of the jury, I only ask that you watch and listen to everything with an open mind and decide for yourselves individually on these charges. Thank you very much. This concludes my opening statement your honor.” Hurray slowly took his seat by the defendant.
Civil Trial Opening Day
August 11, 1991 Judge Fagon looked at his watch and then eyed the plaintiff table. He said, “Is the plaintiff ready to precede, Ms. Alright?”
“Yes, Your Honor, I would like to call my first witness, Ms.Cohen.” she replied.
Judge Fagon said. “Ms. Cohen, please step forward and raise your right hand 
“Lisa walked around the table and up to the witness stand and raised her right hand as instructed. Glorietta Alright had hired a consultant to create an appearance that would elicit sympathy from the jury. Lisa would not turn heads now when she entered a room. Today she was dressed in a loose fitting green drab business suit. Her hair was wound into as bun on the back of her head. Her large nose appeared even larger, her blue eyes had dark rings under them and the lids were darkened. Her long skinny neck appeared even longer. Her shoes had flat heels and her high rise frame no longer attracted attention.
She looked like a woman in distress. The bailiff raised his right hand and said “Do you, Lisa Cohen, swear that you will tell the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth, so help you God?”“I do!” Lisa replied. 
Judge Fagan said. “Please be seated.”
Lisa opened the gate to the witness stand, stepped into the witness stand and took her seat. The gate closed behind her.Gloria Alright moved to the front of the witness stand.
“Do you see the defendant in the courtroom, Ms. Cohen?”Alright asked
.“Yes, he is sitting at the table on the right side of Mr. Hurray.”she said pointing to Michael.“
And will you tell the court when and how you met the defendant?”Alright said
.“We met through a personal ad that my mother placed in the National Enquirer in the Summer of 1987.” Lisa answered.
“And then what happened?” Alright asked.
“We started seeing each other regularly, expecting that if things worked out between us we would live together, have a baby and ultimately get married. Things worked well for a couple of years. I moved into his mansion on Carmel Valley Road. He did not like having get rid of his animals and to ask his friends who lived there to move. After some delay he did get rid of all of them and we lived there alone except for the housekeeper. 
Since my bio-clock was ticking down and we wanted a baby I immediately consented to trying to conceive a baby which I did in December 1987. However because of my work and stress I lost the baby after three months. Then we continued to try for a baby and again I got pregnant in March of 1988 but again aborted in the first ninety days. Again I got pregnant in September 1988 and we had a baby girl in June 1989. We named her Haley. Soon I was back to work and we moved into a house in Blackhawk. I worked more and more and Michael took care of Haley  a lot. 
We began to grow apart at this time. Finally we engaged a lovely Hispanic lady as a live in Nanny. Because of my business work and the Michael practice in psychiatry plus the conflicts caused by differing value systems, our relationship took a bad turn. In July of 1989 I returned from a business trip to Arkansas and found an inflated female dummy in my bed. It had a pair of lady’s underwear tied around its neck. Michael said it was not his doing and that the doll was not his. He began working out of state and commuting between New Orleans and San Diego. In the fall of 1989 I learned that he had purchased and redecorated a condo in Crown Point without my knowledge. I became angry at this and we fought a lot. We began marriage counseling in hopes that we could work out a relationship. During this time he showed me the picture of his client who had amputated his penis—I thought he was showing me photos of Haley that he had taken while I was away on business. Another time we sat down to watch a video which I thought was one we had rented at the video store but instead it was a grisly crime scene whereas husband had brutally shot and killed his wife. He said to me: ‘Thesis what happens to wives who disobey their husbands.’
We separated and he began to stalk me. He followed me on the freeway and on one occasion when I slowed down he slowed down. He only stopped when I drove into a police station. I was very frightened. In October 1989 after we separated I began to take the baby and the Nanny with me on business trips. In November we were walking through the Dallas-Ft. Worth International Airport when we were accosted and detained by agents from the Immigration and Naturalization Service. We were held for seven hours because someone had anonymously reported me to the INS. We were released but I had missed my appointment in Arkansas as a result. This single incident cost me hundreds of thousands of dollars. Sometimes later I learned that it was Michael who had made the anonymous call to the INS.  In 1990 I realized that the relationship with Michael was not going to work and I started dating another man with whom I am now in love. His name is Tim Robertson and when all of this confusion is over we plan to marry and have other children.”
“Is there anything you wish to add to your brief account of your relationship with Dr. Grinberg?” Alright inquired.
“Only that it has been extremely stressful and financially costly. I hope this is the end of it.” Lisa added.
“I have no more questions at this time, your honor.” Alright said.
Civil Trial Day Three
August 12, 1991, “Mr. Hurray do you have questions from the plaintiff?” Judge Fagon ask. Hurray was conferring with Michael and his assistants whenthe Judge called his name. 
“Yes your Honor, We do have questions!!” he said as he deliberately arose from his set and walked toe position to the left front of Lisa. From this vantage point he could face the jury, look at Lisa, and see the judge and Michael in his peripheral vision. He stood there briefly and carefully worded his next question. 
“Would it be safe to say, Ms. Cohen, that you despise the defendant?” Hurray asked in the hushed courtroom.
“Objection your honor,” Already shouted.
The judge closed his eyes and his head turned from side to side as if to indicate that he was overruling the objection. Instead he said: “Attorneys, please approach the bench.” The judge said only loud enough that it could be heard by all.
“Mr. Hurray, Ms. Alright you must recognize that my court is not a place for you two to battle issues not related to this case. If this continues I will hold you both in contempt of court and either fine you or put you in jail for a few days to think it all over. Is that clear now?”
“Very clear, your honor,” Glorietta said.
“I understand, your honor,” David Hurray said. “This question is only designed to show a motive for Ms. Cohen bringing this law suit. I am defending my client, not purposely aggravating the plaintiff ’s counselor.”
“Very well, proceed,” the judge said as he faced the court room and said: “Objection over ruled. Mr. Hurray, please proceed. Ms. Cohen will answer the question.”
Hurray was emboldened by the judge’s ruling and he restated the question, this time somewhat louder than the first time. “Would it be safe to say, Ms. Cohen, that you despise the defendant?”
“I only want him to leave me and my child alone.” She responded. “I also want him to leave Tim alone,” she added. “Your wanting to be left alone does not answer the question. Would it be safe to say, Ms. Cohen, that you despise the defendant? Please answer a simple yes or no.”
“I am desperately afraid of him,” she said. 
“Your honor,” Hurray said to the judge. “The plaintiff is not cooperating. Please instruct her to answer yes or no.”
Judge Fagon said to Lisa. “Ms. Cohen you can make this trial a lot shorter by simply answering the questions. Do you understand?”
“No, I do not despise Michael Grinberg.” she said.
“But you want to hurt him, to deny him access to his only child and to take his money and valuables.” David replied.
“Objection your honor, counsel is making unsubstantiated claims before the court.” Alright said
“Overruled.” The judge said. “Proceed, Mr. Hurray.”
“Very well, Ms. Cohen,” Hurray said. “I want to back up to your introduction to Mr.. Grinberg, O.K.” “Yes!” Lisa replied.
“But first I want to address the paternity of Haley. You clearly indicate that you believe that she is your baby. I believe that Dr. Grinberg is the father of the child. Please confirm that as yes for true or false for not true” Hurley said.
“Yes” Lisa replied, “but she is my baby and he is the father.”
“Now for the introduction. You say that it was your mother who wrote the personal ad and placed it in the National Enquirer, where Dr. Grinberg read it and then he contacted you.” Hurray asked in a statement.
“Yes.” She replied feeling that something terrible was about tobe revealed.
“Isn’t it a little strange for a mother to place a personals ad in a newspaper for a man to father a child by her daughter?” Defense counsel Hurray asked.
“Absolutely not. My mother and I are very close and she has a good feel for the kind of person I desire for a husband and father so she did it to help me. She and I both wanted me to find a good man and have a baby before it was too late.” Lisa replied.
Returning to the defense table, David Hurray picked up asheet of paper and brought it to the witness stand and held it out to Lisa.“Do you recognize this as a copy of the personal ad your mother placed in the National Enquirer for you?”
“Objection your honor. May I see what is on the paper before my client responds? Alright clamored.
The Judge asked both attorneys to step to the side bar withhim. After looking at the exhibit he said.“By all means, Ms. Alright. Mr. Hurray please allow plaintiff‘s counsel to review the evidence.”
Hurray handed the paper to Alright and waited for her response. When it came it was exactly what he hoped itwould be.
“Your Honor.” Alright said. “This ad has nothing what so ever to do with this case, I have never seen it and I object to it being introduced at this time.”
The judge looked at Hurray and asked “What is your point here?”
David replied. “This advertisement substantiates testimony introduced by the witness that she was looking for someone to father a child. That is all. Nothing devious or perfidious about that, your honor.” Judge Fagon ruled. “I will allow this evidence to be entered into the case because it documents testimony of the plaintiff. Proceed,Mr. Hurray.”
Again David Hurray held out the paper to Ms. Cohen and she took it into her right hand and held it up so she could read it. “Single, stylish, financially independent professional, non-religious, university education, trim and very pretty Jewish Princess. Does not smoke or use drugs, moderate drinker. Enjoys dancing, movies, books, stage plays, opera, light rock and jazz. Thirtyish. Looking for soul mate with same qualities for possible long term relationship and children. Send reply with photographs to: P.O.Box 777, La Jolla, Ca. 94501.”
“Is this the advertisement for a relationship for you that appeared in the National Enquirer?” Hurray asked after allowing her time to read it. “Yes, I believe it is,” Lisa said after she read the document. Hurray looked at the judge and said. “Your honor, we have prepared a chart duplicating the ad so that it can be read by the jury. May I have my assistant bring it in for a demonstration?”
“Precede, Mr. Hurray,” the judge replied.
David turned to face the back of the courtroom and raised his hand in a motion to signal his assistants to bring in the chart. Momentarily the back doors of the chamber opened and two men came walking down the aisle carrying a four feet by eight feet sheet of poster board with the ad as follows: “Single, stylish, financially independent professional, non-religious, university education, trim and very pretty Jewish Princess. Does not smoke or use drugs, moderate drinker. Enjoys dancing, movies, books, stage plays, opera, light rock and jazz. Thirtyish. Looking for soul mate with same qualities for possible long term relationship and children. Send reply with photographs to: P.O. Box 777, La Jolla, Ca. 94501.” 
A gasp of surprise rose up from the gallery. “Quiet please. Quiet please. Anymore of this and I will clear the courtroom of spectators” the judge said. “Proceed counselor,” the judge said to David. 
“Would you read the last sentence aloud please.” David said to Lisa who was still seated in the witness box.
 “Send reply with photographs to: P.O. Box 777, La Jolla, Ca.94501.” Lisa held back a laugh as she read the last line.
David shook his head side to side and said. “Thank you Ms. Cohen, that was very clever and exact but please read the line before that for the court. 
“Looking for soul mate with same qualities for possible long term relationship and children.” Lisa read aloud. 
This time David then said to Lisa but mostly to the court. “I want to ask again, isn’t a little unusual for a mother to be soliciting someone to father children by her daughter.”
“No. I don’t think it unusual.” Lisa replied.
“So you are saying that you could not get a man on your on and your mother had to help you.” Hurray said quizzically.
“Objection, Your Honor, Counsel is drawing conclusions and making implications that are not substantiated by testimony.” Alright said.
Before the judge could rule David Hurray said: “Sorry your honor, I withdraw the last statement.”
“Sustained,” the judge said, and added jury will disregard the last question by the defense.”“Do you have anything more to say on the subject of how andwhy you met Dr. Grinberg?” Hurray asked.
“No, I just wish it had never happened.” Lisa said.
“Very well then,” David said. “I want to direct your attention to your testimony concerning the Crown Point property. You will recall that you claim that he purchased the property and redecorated it without your knowledge and that when you learned about it you became angry and your relationship with him deteriorated after that.”
“True,” she answered.“Isn’t it also true that you and Dr. Grinberg had agreed to maintain separate financial lives and dealings and that you had in fact purchased a new home in Blackhawk without consulting him.”David asked.
“Yes, that is true. I purchased a home in Blackhawk but it was for the both of us and our baby. It was not a playboy pad on the beach. That was what made me mad.” Lisa replied.
“Is it not true that you maintained a condo in Del Mar that you used as a place to go and relax without Dr. Grinberg, didn’t you.” David stated.
“Yes, I did but it was not a playboy pad,” she replied.
“Mr. Hurray, Mr. Hurray,” Judge Fagon interjected. “Where is this line of questioning going, if you please.”
“Your Honor, I only wish to establish that Ms. Cohen had agreed that she and Dr. Grinberg would maintain separate financial lives and that her anger over the Crown Point property was derived from another source, her  hatred for all men not just Dr. Grinberg.”
“Please move on to another subject, Mr. Hurray.” Judge Fagon said.
“Right, Your Honor.” David said. “O.K. Ms. Cohen. Let me direct your attention to the photographs and the video. First the phonograph of the patient who amputated his penis. You say that you thought Dr. Grinberg was showing you family photographs.”
“Yes.” She replied.
“And now focus on the grisly crime scene where the man shotand killed his wife. You say you thought you were going to see a rented video and it turned out to be police video of a crime scene.”David said. 
“Yes.” Lisa replied. Feeling that something was about to happen again. 
“ Are you aware that Dr. Grinberg has testified that neither of these events transpired. He says that if you saw the photographs and the video that it was because you were rummaging through his personal, professional materials that he had brought home for study and review, that they were never meant to be viewed by you, that he has always, since the beginning of his professional studies and practices, kept such materials at his home and never once has anyone ever pillaged and violated his privacy by viewing them and certainly no one ever complained about his possession of graphic material in the course of his professional duties. Dr. Grinberg is also testified that you not only made up the accusations about the above things but you also created the stalking stories out of the same fabric of falsehoods.” David said.
“Please move on, Mr. Hurray,” Judge Fagon said.
“Only a few more items, Your Honor.” David said.
“Please proceed,” Judge Fagon allowed.
“In the matter of the inflatable doll with the negligee on it. You do remember that episode, don’t you?” David asked.
“Yes, I just told the court about that event,” she said curtly.“I want you to read the police report in that matter,” David said handing Lisa a piece of paper. “Please speak so everyone can hear,” he added.
The Dummy
11:30 PM March 18, 1990 Lisa read. “I, Lt. Bud Simpson, walked around the bedroom and observed the scene. Nothing appeared to be out of place. The so called doll, designed to be inflated, was flat. It wasn’t much of a lady, didn’t even have a neck but someone had dressed it in a lady’s nightie. We took the doll to the station and checked for fingerprints. The only prints found were those of the victim, Ms. Cohen. She claimed not to have touched the doll. We closed thecae because of lack of evidence that a crime had been committed.”
“In the matter of the Nanny. Do you recall why Dr. Grinberg was so upset about that issue.” David asked.
“No, I don’t believe I do, but I am sure you are about to tell me,” she said.
Snickers rose from the courtroom and Judge Fagon rapped his gavel on the block and said, “Order.Order. This is not a comedy house and I will clear the court of the next someone interrupts these proceedings with inappropriate humor.”
Things settled down and the judge said, “Proceed.”
“Isn’t it true that Mr. Grinberg was upset not that you had an undocumented alien taking care of the baby but that the socalled lovely lady from South America was in fact a pedophile and that Mr. Grinberg had actually observed her molesting Haley—and that was the source of his objections? His call to the Immigration and Naturalization Services was simply an attempt of a father to protect his child from such a person.” David said
“I don’t know about that,” Lisa replied.“One final thing before we finish up this line of questions,” David said. “You mentioned that you had started dating when you realized that your relationship with Mr. Grinberg was not goingto work out.”
“Yes, I said that,” Lisa agreed.
“But you were in marriage counseling with Mr. Grinberg when you told your daughter that it was OK for her to call this man, Tim, daddy while she was to call Mr. Grinberg, Michael. Isn’t that true?” David Asked.
Lisa said, “Yes it is.” “Do you remember that in the counselors office the topic of what to call who came up for discussion and Mr. Grinberg objected to you directing his daughter to call another man daddy.” David said.
“Yes, I remember that well.” She said.“Do you remember that the counselor asked Mr. Grinberg what he thought would be appropriate for Haley to call Tim?”David asked.
“Yes. He said that since Tim is so old it might be acceptable for Haley to call him Grandpa.” She replied.
There were more snickers and laughs and whoops from thecourt room. Judge Fagon pounded his gavel on the blocks again and again. “Mr. Hurray. If that is all you have to question Ms. Cohen about I will end this inquiry now. Is that clear?” the judge asked.
“Very well your honor. I have one other thing I want to inquire abput from Ms. Cohen I want to inquire about the relationship between the bruises on her neck that she claims were put there by Mr.Grinberg.” David Hurray replied.
“Proceed,” the judge said.
“Ms. Cohen, you are aware that Mr. Grinberg denies inflicting those bruises on you and instead he claims that you did that to yourself.” Hurray questioned in a statement.
“He can claim what he wants to claim but I know the truth.”Lisa replied.
“Good. Then please tell the court if you are now afflicted with bulimia, or if you ever were afflicted with bulimia.” David said.
“Objection your honor. This has nothing to do with the case.” Alright said.
The judge looked at David Hurray and waited for a response.
“Your Honor. This is important to establish whether the court can believe the plaintiff or not in matters relating to Mr. Grinberg.” David said.
“Very well Mr. Hurray. Proceed.” Judge Fagon said.
Lisa boiled at the mention of bulimia. Her face flushed and she looked helplessly at the Judge and then at her attorney. David Hurray looked at the judge and said.
“Your honor, please instruct the plaintiff to answer the question, yes, or no.”
Judge Fagon said. “Ms. Cohen please respond yes or no.”
“Yes”, she replied.“And were you bulimic at the time you reported the injury to your neck. You know the bruises on each side of your neck.” David said.
“Maybe I was. I honestly do not remember.” she said.
“Well maybe you remember this. Will you show the courthow you induced vomiting when you were bulimic.” David said.
“I don’t remember,” she said.
“That is fine Ms. Cohen. I know this is painful. Let me showthe court how you caused yourself to vomit.” David said.Dramatically and opened his mouth very wide and placed his thumbs into his mouth and thrust them into his throat. The fingers of each hand flared backward and downward on the neck. He pressed hard on his neck at the exact spots where Lisa had been bruised. Demonstrating first to Lisa, then the Judge, then the plaintiff’s attorney, then the defendant and finally to the jury.
Years later Michael said that this was the high point of Hurray’s defense. He felt that had David been this creative and dramatic all during the trial that the verdict would have come down in his favor. 
Removing his thumbs from his mouth he said. “Isn’t that the way your neck was bruised? Ms. Cohen. You bruised your neck when you made yourself throw up. Didn’t you! And you threw up a lot, idn’t you? That is where the bruises came from that you showed to your peiatrician, wasn’t it Lisa. And that is where the bruises came from that you showed to your cunselor, wasn’t it Lisa. And that is where the bruises came from that you showed to your mother, wasn’t it, Lisa! You bruised your neck throwing up and you said that Michael choked you, didn’t you Lisa!!!”
“No! No! I could never do such a thing you bastard,” she replied.Yes! 
“Yes! you did. You know you did. No more questions yourhonor.” David said
TheCrime
11:30 PM, Thursday, February 11, 1993 Michael was roused from his trance by someone pounding on the window on the passenger side of his Porsche 911. He looked up and it was Howard.
“Let me in Michael. I want to talk to you!” Howard yelled.
Michael opened the door and Howard entered the car and sat down. There was not much traffic in the parking lot and only afew cars.
“How’s it goin buddy?” Howard asked.
“Oh. Uh. I’m O.K. I guess,” Michael said. “when you knocked on the window I was lost in reliving the nightmare of that civil trial with Lisa. I really thought I had won that suit and what a surprise it was when the jury came back and gave her all of my assets. That was a year and a half ago and I’m still thinking about it.”
“I know pal. I know how it is. But like I tole ye. I’m gonna take care of Lisa for ye. Worry about it no more. O.K. Come on buddy. Nick is waitin up stairs. Let’s go,” Howard said opening his door and getting out.
“Wait,” Michael said. I don’t need to meet them. You took care of it didn’t you? I don’t want to see them or them to see me.You go on in and take care of it? OK!”
Howard walked hastily to the stairs and up to the second floor to room 203. He knocked quickly and the door opened.
“Where is Michael?” Nick asked in an angry tone.
“He is in his car. He doesn’t want to see you or you to see him. He told me to take care of it.” Howard replied.
“Look, you little punk. That won’t work. He has to come up here and pay the money so Real TV can video him and get him on tape telling us to kill her. Now you get back down there and bring him up here. Here take this pillowcase and have him cover his head if he is afraid.” Nick said and threw the pillowcase at Howard.
Howard hurried back to Michael’s car and said.
“Here. Pu this over your head so they won’t see you. You come up with me and tell them where she lives and what she looks like. We don’t want any slip ups, do we?”
Reluctantly Michael got out of the car and headed for the stairs. “I don’t know Howard. I don’t like this. You know you said you would take care of Lisa. You never said I had to help. This is not good. Maybe I should leave,” He said.
“No. No. You don’t want to leave. Just put the pillowcase over your head and walk in the door. Nick’ll take care of every thing from there.” Howard said as he opened the door and pushed Michael inside.
Nick stood in a doorway on the other side of the room. Slick black hair, in need of a shave, pin stripped baggy suit hat looked like it came out of the 1950’s Porgy and Bess. He was smoking a cigarette. Underneath the facade Michael could see that Nick was a big man.
“So. Ye want us to take care of dis woman for ye huh. Wat’s wit the pillowcase on ye head. Fraid somebody’ll see ye.” Nick said.
“Look,” Michael said. “I don’t like this. I never did any thing like this before and I don’t want to know who you are and I don’twant you to see my face either.”
“O.K., O.K. brave heart. Ye got de money or not. Ye know,5 big ones now and 25 big ones when its done. O.K. give me damoney.” Nick said.
“Money,” Michael said. “I thought Howard was taking care of all of this. He told me he would take care of Lisa for a favor. He never said anything about money, did you Howard?”
“Come on Michael,” Howard said. “I know you got money inyour car. You always have money in your car. Go get’em 25 big ones.”
Michael turned, removed the pillow case and and walked down the stairs to his car and opened the door. Howard was right behind him. 
“I don’t knowabout this, Howard. I don’t like this at all. You said you were taking care of it all. All, to me meant the money too.
”Howard was at a point that his entire world was about tocollapse. He would end up broke and in jail instead of rich and free. 
He said to Michael. “Look, pal. I don’t have the money to pay for this and I know you do. Think of that entire bitch has done to ye for these past five years. Pain, humiliation, rejection, won’t let you see ye kid, took ye money, insulted ye brother and sister and mom and daddy for 50 big ones you get rid of her forever. Now do it. Get the money and get back up there before they change their mind.”Howard said.
Michael reached under the front seat and pulled out a leather money case. He opened it and counted out $2500.00 in hundred dollar bills, 25 big ones. Then he reluctantly got out of the car, returned to the stairs, pulled the pillowcase over his head, entered the room and said, “Here. Here is the money and here is a picture.” Thinking to himself. ‘I’m in this thing way over my head. I should have left when I was downstairs.”
“O.K.” Nick said. Now how bout de boy friend. We take care of him and Lisa at the same time make it look like a murder suicide.”
“No. I mean yes. That is not what I meant. I thought you were going to hurt them—burn the house, break a leg, I never agreed to this Howard you tell him I don’t do murder.” Michael said.Howard was gone when Michael looked around. He had done his part and wanted to get away. Michael quickly opened the door, removed the pillowcase and let it fall to the floor. 
Nick said. “See you soon, Michael.”
Michael hurried down the stairs to his car. When he reached to open the door to the Porsche 911 he noticed two vans pull up on each side of his car followed by two more vans that blocked his car front and back. Thirty-two heavily armed men emerged from the vans. 
“Grinberg!. Stop where you are. This is the police. You are under arrest!”
Michael was seized with fear. Four of the officers jumped on him at once and threw him to the ground, face down. There was a heavy boot on each leg another on each arm and one on the back of his head. He was immobile. 
“One wrong move and you will be a dead mother Grinberg,” the uniformed thugs said. “You have a right to remain silent, whatever you say from now on will be used against you, you have a right to be represented by an attorney. Do you understand?” Someone said from a dark cornerof the squad.
“I don’t know. What have I done?” Michael asked.
“You’ll know soon enough” a voice said. “Cuff enand take’em downtown and book’em both on a charge of 966, solicitation for murcer.”
Michael recognized the voice as that of Nick, the man in the motel room and he thought that he might have been set up. “But if it was a set up why would they arrest Howard?” he thought.
Michael and Howard were handcuffed and put in the van for the trip downtown.
“This was a set up,” Michael said. “Howard, why would you do that to me when I am your friend.” He added. 
“I had nothing to do with this Michael,” Howard said, “I swear to you buddy, I had nothing at all to do with it. Lisa set it all up, believe me buddy.”Michael believed him.
“You guys shut up and don’t talk to each other, ye hear,”a fat cop about 5’3” with a club in his hand yelled through the opening in the cab. “This ain’tno clambake ye know. You guys is under arrest, now shut up and stay shut up” he added.
Michael and Howard were transported to San Diego City Jail where Michael was fingerprinted and placed in a holding cell alone. Howard was no where to be seen. Tired and down cast from the ordeal, Michael said to himself, “Well these bars will protect me from that Lisa. She took every thing else and now my freedom is gone. She can’t get to me fo anything else.”
Michael could not know that Lisa had been the architect of the set up. He still did not know that Howard had actually participated. And he had no way of knowing that Lisa would now begin a publicity campaign against him that would control the rest of his life.
Lisa petitioned the CaliforniaDepartment of Corrections to confine Michael a long distance from San Diego and when he was paroled she dictated the terms of his parole. Later she paid Howard Rhodes to complain about Michael and get his parole revoked. Then after serving more time in prison she would have him paroled under house arrest to a remote county in Northern Caifornia where she hoped he was again revoked and spent even more time in prison. Ultimately, upon completion of his prison sentence, Michael was forced to leave California and live first in Kansas and finally in to Hawaiil where he married and lived a productive live. 
Union Tribune Headline
February 13, 1993 The headlines on the front page of the San Diego Union-Tribune read: Psychiatrist, 42, is arrested in contract to kill. The detailsof how they met, what happened, the civil trial and monetary award and now this. 
Every thing filled in by Lisa. Her plan for a total destruction of Grinberg was working. A few days later Michael had retained an attorney, Mark Manning, to represent him. The two were conferring in the conference room of the courthouse. Manning brought a copy of the Saturday article. He sat quietly while Michael read the it twice.
Michael then said to Mark. “I can’t believe I was set up. Who did it?”
Manning replied. “You don’t know. It was the victim, Lisa and your friend Howard Rhodes. She paid him a cool million dollars to sell you out. Where do you think Rhodes has been, in another cell? Hell no, Michael he is off to South America, free as a bird.
Howard Rhodes, a.k.a. William W. Westwood III had been facing a 20 year sentence for drug dealing and now it is free. And by the way, he took off with a cool one million dollars that he collected from Lisa for setting you up. Of course he had to pay Puente and the San Diego Cops for their part in it. Lisa Cohen was calling the shots behind the scenes.”
“You know,” Michael said. “It is a jolt to be caught in this convoluted society that approves of police who nurture foster criminal conduct to justify their commitment to law enforcement. Some how it just doesn’t make sense. I wonder what it will take to alert the public at large that a fascist state exists right under the surface of respectability.”
“Sounds like an idea for a novel,” Manning replied.
“What happens next?” Michael asked.
City Jail, San Diego
March 17, 1993 A month later what happens next was detailed in the San Diego Union Tribune. Headlines told the story, Psychiatrist, 42, ordered to trial in murder-solicitation case.
Lisa sent Suzanne another envelope with $10,000.00 cash enclosed. Suzanne McRae Staff Writer. The story appeared exactly as Lisa wrote it: “According to a video played in court yesterday, a 42-year-old psychiatrist talked calmly through a pillow case pulled over his head in a South San Diego motel room with a supposed hit man about planning the murder of his former girlfriend and the mother of his only child.
The man who prosecutors say psychiatrist Michael Grinberg thought was a contract killer was actually undercover police officer Antonio Puente. Grinberg was arrested shortly after he gave Puente $2,500, half of the amount Grinberg was to pay for the killing of Lisa Cohen, his 36 year old former girl friend from San Carlos. 
According to Puente’s testimony, when he asked Grinberg if he stood to collect on an insurance policy Grinberg replied. “There is no insurance policy, I’m not getting a dime from this. All I’m doing is getting rid of a problem. I’m not getting a penny for it,” 
Grinberg was recorded telling Puente. “I want her disappearing for good. I want her dead. It would be an added benefit if her body disappeared, but it’s not absolutely necessary. Just remember, don’t hurt the kid.”
Puente testified that he posed as a hit man and met Grinberg, a Crown Point resident, at a Chula Vista motel room that was set up by Real TV to record video of their conversation.
The pair had been introduced by an informant named Howard Rhodes, a man Grinberg had be friended. The detective said Grinberg first refused to meet him face to face but agreed when he it was suggested hiding his face under the pillow case during the meeting, implying that Puente could not identify him.Grinberg sounded nervous and unsure of himself on the video played in court, asking in passing what kind of weapon the hitman used. Grinberg also was heard on the recording saying that he had been trying to arrange Cohen’s murder for more than a year.
When Puente asked him if he really wanted to go through with this he replied “I don’t have one doubt at all, she has harassed me for four years and I just want it to be stopped”, Grinberg was heard to say on the tape.
The recording was played by San Diego District Attorney Kosiskyco to persuaded Municipal Court Judge Joe O. Littlejohn to order Grinberg to stand trial on a charge of soliciting the murder of Cohen and her live in boy friend, Tim Robertson. The Robertson charge was dropped for lack of evidence. 
Grinberg was heard on the tape saying that he wanted Cohen hurt because she had caused him to spend more than $150,000 in legal fees. Cohen won a $672,632 civil judgment against Grinberg in July 1991, and the two also were in volved in an extensive custody battle over their 4-year-old daughter. Jurors in Cohen’s civil suit ignored psychiatric and psychological reports indicating that Cohen was the agressive perpetrator in the conflict with Grinberg and instead found that Grinberg had abused and terrorized her.
They had heard evidence that his abuse included such things as falsely reporting Cohen to immigration authorities and making what she perceived to be a death threat by leaving an inflatable sex doll with a stocking tied around its neck in her bed.
Grinberg said on the recording that he had previously paid two other people to kill Cohen, but both had backed out. At Puente’ssuggestion, he agreed that Robertson could also be killed so authorities would believe the deaths were the result of a murder suicide, but refused Puente’s demand that he pay more for two killings. Defense lawyer Bob Cross argued in court that his client should be charged with only one count of soliciting murder because he did not pay for a second killing.
“He is frugal, true, he doesn’t want to pay extra for it, but he’s just as serious about setting it up,” prosecutor Michael Kosiskycoreplied. 
At one point on the tape, Puente was heard asking, “Do you want her to have a funeral?” apparently trying to determine whether Grinberg wanted Cohen’s body to ever be found.
“I don’t care,” Grinberg replied. “My preference would beshe simply disappears. Just don’t hurt the kid.”
Puente said Grinberg was to pay the remaining $2,500 after Cohen was killed. Grinberg’s bond was increased from $50,000.00 to five million because the court felt that as smart as he is he might abscond. He is to return to court March 30 for the scheduling of his trial.
Mitigation Hearing
June 2, 1993 Hearing in Mitigation for sentencing, Superior Court,San Diego, California, “People of the State of California vs. Michael M. Grinberg: Robert L. Cross, Pro Bono Attorney for defendant.
“Your honor. If it please the court, my client has plead guilty to the charges of solicitation of the murder of Lisa Cohen against the advice of physicians and counsel and against the desires of family, friends, and myself, the attorney laboring in his defense. He has taken this damaging semi-suicidal action of a guilty plea as a result of a number of factors: (1) He has surrendered his license to practice medicine in the State of California. (2) He has surrendered all of his financial resources to the intended victim in the framework of a civil judgment of $750,000.00. He is therefore destitute and cannot pay for further defense of himself. (3) Defendant’s personal residence at Crown Point has been surrendered to foreclosure. (4) Defendant has been ordered by the court to surrender his parental rights to his daughter, Haley Cohen Grinberg. (5) Defendant has ongoing untreated congenital severe manic depression. (6) Defendant feels that he should be punished severely. (7) Defendant is angry with the injustice of the system and feels that surrendering to the system he can some how make it right. 
Superior Court Judge Fagon said, “Mr. Cross. This is highly unusual and completely unorthodox for a Pro Bono Attorney to come into this court and make an appearance such as  this. What is yourpurpose? What do you expect to accomplish by these unusual proceedings?”
“Thank you your honor”, Cross responded. “May it please the court to allow me to elaborate on these claims?”
“Continue”, the Judge replied.
Cross spoke again. “My purpose in this appearance is to show your honor that Dr. Grinberg is a victim of a wide ranging conspiracy to do him great harm and that he should be placed on probation rather than being sentenced to prison. To do this I will call witnesses to demonstrate to the court mitigating circumstances: (1) That this single incident in the life of Dr. Grinberg is an aberration in what other wise has been an honorable and a productivelife.
(2) That the instant incident was created by the machinations of the Ms Cohen, the so called intended victim. That Ms Cohen is a habitual liar and does not tell the truth when it conflicts with what she wants.That Ms Cohen first originated the idea of herself being murdered by Dr. Grinberg. That Ms Cohen recruited her own physicians, attorneys, relatives, friends, and the police community to confirm that he was planning to murder her. That Ms Cohen recruited physicians, relatives and friends of the defendant to confirm her claims of abuse. That Ms Cohen created the sting that entrapped Dr.Grinberg. That Ms Cohen notified the local and national news media two months in advance that the incident was to take place.
(3) That Ms Cohen was herself lacking in sensitivity and parenting skills and should not be placed in charge of a child’s life.
(4) That Dr. Grinberg was indeed a loving, caring and sensitive parent. To permanently remove him from the life of Haley will be a miscarriage of justice and will do irreparable damage to the child.
”The Judge waited until Cross stopped for a breath and then interjected this question. “Am I to understand, counselor, that you intend to call witnesses to substantiate these claim?”
“That is correct your Honor” Cross responded.
“This is so unusual Mr. Cross. I am afraid that I must insist upon seeing a list of the witnesses you will call to substantiate these allegations.”
“Very well your honor. I have the list in my briefcase.” He said as he moved to the defendant table and retrieved the list from hisbriefcase.
“If it please the court”, he said as he handed the judge the long list of neatly prepared list of  names. Dr. Grinberg, Dr. Grinberg’s brother and sister, Dr.Grinberg’s former wives Jana and Cherry, Cherry’s daughter. MsCohen, J J Rest, Dr. Leser, Miriam L. Iosuipobici, Marilyn Fox, Nanny Zanchez, Cherry Hook, Drs. Framo and Levine, Dr. Sandwich, Dr. Zomorrodi, Dr. Dimarozo, Dr. Paul R. Smith, Mother Cohen, Matthew (old boyfriend) Steven (old boyfriend) James Booke (police investigator), Jackson (attorney who changed report fromviolation of restraining order to break in) 
“And where are these witnesses Mr. Cross?” the Judge inquired.“They are present here in the Justice Center, your honor, and to prevent contamination of witnesses and if it pleases the court, I would like to call them separately and not have them hear the testimony of each other.”
“This is a long list, Mr. Cross. How much time do you propose to take up with these proceedings?” the Judge asked.
“The witnesses have all been deposed and with your honor’s permission to sustain them under oath, we should be through in no more than three or four hours your honor.” Cross said.
“The exception to this being is that Ms Cohen is already present in the courtroom along with her personal attorney. I have no objections to them hearing the testimony.” 
“Very well. You may proceed.” Judge Fagon replied.
Michael’s Testimony
“Thank you, your honor. My first witness is Dr. Michael M.Grinberg. Michael, will you please take a seat in the witness chair. And, I remind you that you are still under oath.” Cross said. “Please state your full name.”
“My name is Michael Mark Grinberg.” Michael replied.
“Are you the defendant in the case of The State of California vs Michael Mark Grinberg?” Cross inquired.
“Yes, I am.” Michael replied.
“And you have plead guilty to charge of solicitation for the murder of Lisa Ann Cohen?” Cross asked.
“Yes.” Michael replied.
“Doctor, will it be OK with you if I ask you some questions about your feelings about the intended victim?” Cross asked gingerly.
“Yes. Mr. Cross. You are free to ask me anything you like about anything. I will answer them truthfully”. Michael replied. “OK then. I will try to ask questions that you will be able to answer with “yes” or “no”. Are these conditions acceptable to you?” Cross adked.
“Yes, that is OK.” Michael replied.
“Let’s see.” Cross mused. “According to the records you met the victim through a Personals advertisement that her mother placed in the National Enquirer Magazine. Is that correct?”
“Yes.” Michael said.
“Did it then concern you that the ad was placed by the mother without the victim’s knowledge or input?” Cross asked.
“No. It did not bother me but I did think it strange.” Michael replied.
“For brevity please stay with yes or no. And when you met the victim and started a relationship with her while you were still married to Ms Cherry Hook although you were separated.” Cross stated.
“Yes, Michael replied.
 “Did the victim know that you were married?” Cross asked.
“Yes.” Michael replied.
“And you became involved and she became pregnant while you were still married.” Cross said.
“Yes.” Michael replied.
“At that time you hastened to divorce Ms Hook and made plans to marry the victim.” Cross stated.
“Yes”, Michael said.
“But you did not marry at that time because she miscarried and did not want to marry you then.” Cross stated.
“Yes”, Michael said.
“The same thing happened again, did it not.” Cross asked.
“Yes”, Michael said again.
“And she got pregnant again, for a third time and that resulted in the birth of your daughter Haley. This was into the second year of the relationship”, Cross said.
“Yes”, Michael replied.
“During this time you made four attempts to purchase a home that would be suitable and acceptable to the victim and each time she refused to live in the home”, Cross said.
“Yes”, Michael said.
“After the birth of your daughter you and the victim engaged in a series of legal entanglements. She apparently had more money than you did and in the end she was able to win because she out spent you on attorney fees and related costs”. Cross said.
“Yes,” Michael replied.
“I want to take up the topic of physical violence and verbal abuse”. Cross said.
“O.K.” Michael replied.
“In your entire life now tell me. Have you ever physically or verbally abused a wife or lover.” Cross asked.
“No! I have not!” Michael said emphatically.
“Remember a simple yes or no will be sufficient. Your first wife was named Jamie. Did you ever strike her, choke her or verbally abuse her in any way?” Cross asked.
“No!” Michael replied.
“And your second wife whose name was Sherry Hook. Did you ever strike her, choke her or verbally abuse her in any way?”Cross asked
.“No!” Michael replied.
“And in your relationship with the victim, did you ever strike her, choke her or verbally abuse her in any way?” Cross asked.
“No!” Michael replied.
“Your honor, I have here sworn statements from Jamie and Sherry validating that Dr. Grinberg never struck, choked or verbally abused either of them in any way. Both are prepared to appear in this court room to verify this if your honor so desires.”Cross said.
“I don’t think that will be necessary at this time,” Judge Fagon replied.
“I am about through Dr. Grinberg. I want to ask a few more questions about the solicitation of the murder of the victim”. Cross stated.
“O.K.” Michael replied.
“Do you know a man named William W. Westwood, AKA Howard Rhodes?” Cross asked
.“Yes”, Michael said.
“Did you ever ask him to arrange for the murder of the victim?” Cross asked.
“No.” Michael said.
“Did he, Westwood or Rhodes ever ask you if you wanted him to arrange for the murder of the victim?” Cross asked
.“No”, Michael said.
“Do you know the name Anthony Puente?” Cross asked.
“No!” Michael replied.
“Did you ever ask him to arrange for the murder of the victim?”Cross asked.
“No!” Michael replied.
“Did he, Puente ever ask you if you wanted him to arrange for the murder of the victim?” Cross asked.
“Yes,” Michael said.
“And did you ever agree for him to murder the victim?” Cross asked.
“I don’t know.” Michael said.
“Dr. Grinberg. Do you now or have you ever wanted the victim to be murdered?” Cross asked.
“No. I have never wanted anyone dead. I thought they were going to break her leg or something bad like that. I never wanted them to kill her.” Michael said.
“Your honor. I have no more questions for the defendant. With your permission he is excused and I will call the next witness, Ms Lisa Cohen, the intended victim” Cross said.
Lisa’s Testimony
“That will be fine, Mr.Cross” the Judge replied .“Ms Lisa Cohen, please be seated in the witness chair and let me remind you that you are still under oath,” Cross said to the victim. “Also, you heard me inquire from Dr. Grinberg in a manner that required only a yes or a no answer. I will ask you questions that you can answer only in the affirmative or the negative and you will not need to elaborate. Do you understand?” Cross asked.
“Yes” she said.
“You have heard the testimony of Dr. Grinberg. I asked him and I am reading from the record. ‘And in your relationship with the victim did you ever strike her, choke her or verbally abuse her in any way?” Cross read. “Michael replied, “No!” “Is that a true statement?” Cross asked.
“No”, she replied.
“Did anyone ever witness Dr. Grinberg strike you, choke you or verbally abuse you in any way?” Cross asked.
“No. I don’t think so” she replied.
“So this is your word against his word, is it not?” Cross asked.
“Yes” she replied.
“Ms Cohen. In your other relationships, that is in your relationship with your mother, your brother or with other adult men, did any of these persons ever strike you, choke you or verbally abuse you in any way?” Cross asked.
“I don’t see what that has to do with anything”, she said.
“Please answer the question yes or no Ms Cohen”, Cross said.
“I can’t answer that”, she said.
“Very well Ms Cohen. Let me be more specific and maybe you can answer yes or no to these questions” Cross said. “Do you recognizethe name Matthew Bradley?”
“Yes” she said.
“You dated him while you were a student at San Diego State University?” Cross inquired.
“Yes” she answered.
“Would he be lying if he said he never struck you, choked youor verbally abuse you in any way?” Cross asked
“Yes” she replied.
“And would he be lying if he said he did not push you down the steps at San Diego State University Library” Cross said.
“Yes” she replied.
“Do you know the name of anyone who witnessed Matthew Bradley striking you, choking you, verbally abusing you or pushing you down the steps at San Diego State University Library,” Cross asked.
“No” she replied.
“So it is a case of your word against his. You say he did and he says he did not. Is that correct?” Cross asked.
“Yes” she replied.
“Do you recognize the name Steven Benson?”
“Yes,” she said.“You dated him?” Cross inquired.
“Yes” she answered.
“Would he be lying if he said he never struck you, choked you or verbally abuse you in any way?” Cross asked.
“Yes” she replied.
“And would he be lying if he said he did not attempt to drown you in the Pacific Ocean?” Cross asked
“Yes” she replied.
“Do you have the name of anyone who witnessed Steven Benson striking you, choking you, verbally abusing you or attempting to drown you in the Pacific Ocean?” Cross asked.
“No” she replied.
“So it is a case of your word against his. You say he did and he says he did not. Is that correct?” Cross asked.
“Yes” she replied
.“Now, Ms Cohen. In regards to you mother Sandy Cohen. Sandy Cohen is the name of your mother isn’t it?” Cross inquired.
“Yes” she replied.
“Ms Cohen you have on numerous occasions accused your mother of hitting you with a baseball bat when you were a child. Would your mother be lying if she said that was not the truth?” Cross asked.
“I do not want to answer that question. I love my mother and either way I answer the question will hurt her.” Lisa replied
.“Please answer yes or no, Ms Cohen!” Cross said.
“I have a sworn statement from your mother Sandy Cohen saying that she never struck, hit or abused you in any way. Is that a lie?” Cross asked.
“Yes,” she replied.
“So. Just so we do not misunderstand what you are saying. You are now telling us that your mother is lying if she says she did not hit you with a baseball bat when you were young.” Cross repeated.
“Yes” she replied.
“So this is a case of her word against yours.” Cross said.
“Yes” she replied.
“And your brother, Richard, the Hollywood doctor. Your brother’s name is Richard, isn’t it?” Cross asked.
“Yes.” she replied.
“You have often claimed that Richard hit you and broke your nose and forced you to have sex with him when you were teenagers.”Cross said.
“Yes” she replied.
“And you are saying that he would be lying if he came into this court room and denied those claims?” Cross inquired.
“Yes” she replied.
“So this is a case of his word against yours.” Cross said.
“Yes,” she replied.
“I have a sworn statement from your brother, Richard Cohen, saying that he never struck, hit or abused you in any way, that he did not break your nose and he never had sex with you. Is that alie?” Cross asked.
“Yes” she replied.
“O.K. Let’s move on to some other significant conflicts in your relationships with others.” Cross said. “Do you recognize the names of Jimmy Streame and Robert Jackson?”
“Yes. Jimmy Streame is a member of the San Diego Police Department and Robert Jackson is my personal attorney.” She replied.
“Please answer the questions yes or no, Ms Cohen.” Cross said. “In the matter of a breaking and entering report filed on your behalf by Mr. Jackson. In this case Dr. Grinberg was accused of burglarizing your home. Do you remember this incident?” Cross asked.
“Yes” she replied.
“Would both Mr. Streame and Mr. Jackson be lying if they said that the original report made by Mr. Streame only charged Dr. Grinberg with violating a restraining order?” Cross asked.
“Yes,” she replied.
“And would Mr. Jackson be lying if he said that you paid him to change the report to a breaking and entering which is a higher crime than the violation of the restraining order?”
“Yes,” she replied.
“So here once again is a case in conflict with what you say is true and you are now saying that both Mr. Streame and Mr.Jackson are lying.” Cross said. 
 “Yes.” she replied.
“Thank you, Ms Cohen. We are making excellent progress and I have only a few more questions.” Cross said. “Now do you nowre call the incident in which you claimed that Dr. Grinberg changed the name of your daughter on the birth certificate because he was on the staff of the hospital?” Cross asked.
“Yes.” she replied.
“Do you still believe that Dr. Grinberg used his influence as a staff physician to change the name of your daughter from Haley Anne Cohen Greenbereg to Haley Cohen Grinberg?” Cross asked.
“Yes” she replied.
“Your Honor. Here is a copy of a note in Ms Cohen’s hand writing that reads: “To Whom It May Concern, the name on the birth certificate is incorrect. It is to read as follows: Haley Cohen Grinberg. Hope this problem can be corrected. Sincerely, Lisa A. Cohen.” “Ms Cohen. Are you now saying that this is not your hand writing and that it was a forgery created by Dr. Grinberg?” Cross asked.
“Yes,” she replied.
“Again. It is your word against an expert graphoanalyst that this is a forgery?” Cross asked.
“Yes,” she replied.
“Only three other items as they relate to your relationship with Dr. Grinberg. The telephone throwing incident, the steering wheel incident and the brief case incident. Do you recognize these happening without having to go into detail of each of them?” Cross asked.
“Yes,” she replied.
“Just to be clear, Dr. Grinberg claims that you threw a telephone at him and hit him in the back of the head. Is this a lie?” Cross asked.
“Yes” she replied.
“And Dr. Grinberg claims that on an occasion when he was driving from your Black Mountain Home to visit his father with you and Haley in the car, you became angry and grabbed the steering wheel of the car and tried to pull it off of the highway. Is Dr.Grinberg lying about this incident?” Cross asked.
“Yes” she replied 
“Now to the briefcase incident. Dr. Grinberg claims that you broke into his briefcase and discovered some papers relating to his purchase of a home in Crown Beach. Are you now saying that this is a lie? That Dr. Grinberg is lying about the break in of his briefcase?” Cross asked.
“Yes.” she replied.
“Let us turn to the medical profession. Do you recognize the names of Dr. Sanweiss, Dr. Zomorrodi and Dr. Dimarozo as physicians who have tended you in different medical needs?” Cross inquired. “These are the physicians that you showed bruises on your neck claiming that Dr. Grinberg choked you.” Cross said.
“Yes,” she replied.
“Would these men of medicine be lying if they told this court that they did not believe that you were being truthful about how your neck was injured when you claim that Dr. Grinberg injuredyou?” Cross asked.
“Yes,” she replied.
“And they would be lying if they said that they believed that you injured yourself because you are bulimic and when you put your thumbs in your throat and your hands on your neck to make yourself throw up is the way your neck became bruised?” Crossasked.
“Yes! That is a lie.” She said.
“Your Honor. Here are statements from each of the physicians above stating that the only information they received about Dr.Grinberg’s violent behavior was from the victim herself. They further state that they never observed Dr. Grinberg and that they all three believe that she injured herself in the manner described above. Ms Cohen says they are all lying.” Cross said. “Not much more, Ms. Cohen. You are being very cooperative. Would you like to take a break at this time?” Cross asked.
“No.” she replied.
“Very well then. We will be through in a few minutes. Do you recognize these names? Miriam L. Iosuipobici, Marilyn Fox, J.J.Best, Trinidad Zanchez, Jessica McRae.” Cross asked.
“Yes.” she replied.
“Ms Cohen. All of these persons have sworn statements that you talked to them about setting Dr. Grinberg up in a solicitation for murder sting and that you offered to reward them if they supported your claim that he was attempting to murder you. Are all of these individuals lying?
“Yes” she replied.
“And do you recognize these names? Suzanne McRae, Paul Levikow, Jim Ruymen and Lisa Lew?,” Cross asked but Lisa did not answer.
“Your Honor. Ms. McRae of the San Diego Union Tribune ,Mr. Paul Levikow, Editor of San Diego News Source, Jim Ruymenof United Press International, Los Angeles, and Lisa Lew from Hardcopy and Real TV have all given sworn statements that Ms Cohen contacted them in October and November 1992 to alert them to the event that was to happen on February 11, 1993.
Ms Cohen, are these persons lying when they say you are the master mind of this incident?” Cross asked.
“Yes.” she replied.
“That is all your Honor. We rest our mitigations and respectly ask the court to consider probation for the defendant.” Cross said to the Judge.
“Victim has no comment your Honor.” Already said.
The Judgement and Sentence
Backtotop

June 3, 1993 To the delight of Lisa and her attorneys, the next morning the headlines in the San Diego Unon Tribune read as follows:Doctor gets 6-year term in try to hire killer, Suzanne McRae Staff Writer, A Tri-Valley psychiatrist was sentenced yesterday to six years in prison for trying to solicit his ex-girlfriend’s murder, but the woman said the prison sentence gives her no peace.
“Fear of Dr. Grinberg remains a very real part of my life,” Lisa Cohen said in a written statement she gave reporters after Superior Court Judge John Thompson sentenced her former lover, 42 year old Dr. Michael Grinberg of Crown Point. Grinberg, the father of Cohen’s four-year-old daughter, had pleaded guilty last month to hiring an undercover police officer to kill Cohen, who had been awarded $670,000 in a civil suit against Grinberg.
Cohen claimed in the civil suit that she had suffered years of harassment from Grinberg, who she said had tried to strangle her three times. She said Grinberg had taken bizarre steps such as falsely reporting her to immigration authorities and placing an inflatable sex doll in her bed with a stocking tied around its neck,a message she perceived as a death threat.
“It’s like waking up and living someone else’s worst nightmare,”Cohen told Thompson. “I believe once he is released, hewill try to kill me again. Everything he has said he will do, he has tried, except he hasn’t killed me yet.”
Grinberg was a prominent psychiatrist in San Diego who specialized in the treatment of sex offenders and served as a consultant for the Superior Court and the District Attorney’s Office. He is a magna cum laude graduate of Brandeis University and received a  regent’s scholarship from the UCSD School of Medicine. According to testimony at Grinberg’s preliminary hearing,he met a police officer posing as a hit man at a Chula Vista hotel in February and promised the officer he would pay $2,500 in advance and another $2,500 after Cohen was killed. 
Grinberg told authorities he was only allowed to see their daughter under supervised visits, which he said Cohen often canceled. He said he grew to believe that the only way he could see his daughter was to kill Cohen.
“I was depressed and exercised extremely poor judgment in a very serious crime attempt, which luckily did not succeed,” Grinberg told a probation officer.
But Deputy District Attorney Michael Przytulski said Cohen claimed that Grinberg had not seen his daughter in a year and had made no effort to keep in contact with the girl.
Cohen said in her statement that the child custody case had nothing to do with Grinberg’s attempt to have her killed.
“Dr. Grinberg’s conduct represented an attempt, for what ever reasons, to control my life, not to simply love our child,” Cohen said.
Przytulski asked Thompson to give Grinberg the maximum possible sentence of nine years. He said that if Grinberg’s attempt had been successful, he would have faced first degree murder charges with a sentence of 25 years to life in prison.“This is vindictive and it’s full of revenge,” Przytulski said.
Meanwhile, Grinberg’s lawyer, Robert Cross, asked Thompson to place Grinberg on probation or to give him the minimum three year prison sentence. Cross said Grinberg was suffering from depression when he solicited Cohen’s murder, and now wants to get on with his life. Cross said Grinberg has lost his medical license as the result of his guilty plea and is in bankruptcy after losing the civil suit to Cohen. 
When Thompson asked Cohen what sentence she thought he should give her ex-boyfriend, she replied, 
“What I’d like to see happen isn’t going to happen.” She did not say what she wanted to happen.
The End 
