Cat Flap

By Andrew Osmond

Copyright 2011 Andrew Osmond

Minnow Press/Smashwords edition

ISBN 978 1 907507 12 0
License Notes

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.  This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people.  If you would like to share this book with another person please purchase an additional copy for each recipient.  If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy.  Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
Prologue

Back and forth.  And back and forth.  Ten paces to the left, two, three, four... Ten paces to the right, two, three, four...  To the left.  To the right.  To the left.  To the right.  The big cat was shaking its head as it walked, almost as if it was trying to disentangle itself from some imaginary yoke that surrounded its shoulders; the shaggy mane flapping from side to side, a hirsute aurora around the face of a fading sun.  
It would have been forty years ago – forty-one to be precise - that day at the zoo.  He could still recall it vividly.  It had been a cold afternoon, much as it was today: bright though and clear, the kind of pale blue, washed-out water-colour sky that you only get in early spring, when the sun does not possess the warmth to sufficiently infuse the earth with optimism, and when a solitary grey cloud can bring an instant cooling sufficient to chill the bone.  It had been a day trip - they had gone on precious few at that time - and he had been looking forward to it for weeks.  He had counted down the days in the secret diary that he kept in the back of one of his exercise books, crossing off each block of days, tallying, one, two, three, four: a row of little five-bar gates lining up across the paper.  The expectation was always more exciting than the event.  It was just the same at Christmas.  It was a day trip organized by his dad.  And his dad always kept his promises.
There have been times, since, when he has hated that lion.  Hated his very existence; felt revolted by the mass of rheum accumulated in the corners of his baleful eyes, by the white snorts of air that rose from his wet nostrils; despised him for his captivity, his inability to be free.  Of course, what he was really despising was himself.  When he would sit down and think about things rationally, it was to realize that man and beast had actually come to share so much during those intervening years.  Ironic, really.
They erected fences later, so he was told, tall metal bars that could not be scaled, but at the time they obviously thought the steep walls of the pit were sufficient confinement, which of course they were.  There was never any question of the lion getting free.
Chapter One:  Friday

“When in New Brunswick I saw the great wild grey cat and it seemed to me to be just such a cat as I had seen at Waverley Abbey.”  (William Cobbett: Rural Rides, 1830).

The Landrover had large wheels with wide tread and had mud splattered up the sides of its white paintwork, almost obscuring the constabulary logo.  It looked the part for the job.  Mick Jones didn’t think that any other kind of vehicle would have even managed to negotiate the mire that was his front driveway. He stood at the door of his small farmhouse, ready to meet his visitor; or perhaps wary that the new arrival should not venture too far over his threshold?  He did not recognize the officer that eventually stepped out of the parked vehicle; first one leg emerging gingerly, tentatively exploring the solidity of the boggy ground, suspicious that the quagmire might suck him in up to his waist, anxious to get the minimum of mud on his brightly polished, black shoes.  Mick had had plenty of experience of the local police in the past, but this was definitely a new blood.
“Michael Jones?”  As an opening it was a predictable one.
“And you are?”
“D.S. James Leigh, Hertfordshire…”
“I can see.”  Mick pushed the door behind him so that it swung open inwards.  “You had better come in.”  He smiled mischievously, before adding, “Make sure you wipe your feet.”

•••

“And nothing else was taken?”
The tall detective was standing in a surprisingly tidy kitchen, tastefully maintained in the rustic style, perfectly in keeping with the rest of the smallholding.  Mick was seated at a wooden bench, head in his hands, elbows resting on a long, pine table.  He had the superficial air of someone bored by his official visitor, but his eyes belied his underlying agitation, the pale blue irises never still, constantly flicking from side to side, like windscreen wipers on a rainy day.
“Like I told you, that was the lot.  A loaf of bread, some packets from the fridge, one kitchen knife as far as I can tell.  One of the chicken’s missing from outside too, but that's not so unusual.  It’s the damage's what I’m more concerned about.”  Mick indicated towards the back door, where a small pane of glass had been smashed through, apparently to allow someone to reach the door key from outside.  “I’ll have to get the locks changed now too.  It all costs, you know.”
Detective Leigh had already heard the ‘times are hard, there’s not much money in a smallholding’ anthem several times already that morning.  At the moment he did not want to be diverted from his particular line of enquiry.  “Only one knife?”
“Yes, I’ve told you before.  What's the big deal over the knife?”
“Can you describe it to me?”
Mick was momentarily flummoxed, “I guess so.  It was much like those.”  He pointed to a neat wooden block sitting on the shelf of an austere sideboard, which contained four knives of varying size but similar style and which, significantly, had holes to accommodate five such blades.  “I would never have noticed anything was missing, except they are obviously a set.”
“And it is the smallest one that was taken?”  Leigh removed a large, vicious-looking implement from the rear of the block and ran his finger down the blade, pulling it away sharply as he drew blood.  “Sharp.”
“That’s what they’re meant to be,” said Mick.
D.S. Leigh sucked his finger, thoughtfully.  He was silent for some moments before deciding.  “I think we are going to have to get a S.O.C. team up here.  Dust for fingerprints.  You don’t mind?”  There was a slight inflexion in the expression, but there could be no doubt that it was delivered more as a statement than a question.
Mick was on his feet instantly, “Yes, I bloody well do mind.  What is this?  I wouldn’t have reported anything if I’d have known you were going to make such a song and dance.”
“You don't need me to remind you that it’s your public duty to report a crime, do you, sir?”  Sarcastic.  Leigh might be a newcomer, but it was obvious that he had been thoroughly briefed, back at the station, about Michael Jones’s less than auspicious past.
Mick was not prepared to be bullied.  “There's more to this.  What are you not telling me?  It's only a little knife and a bit of grub, nothing worth bothering with.  I only told your lot because I needed to for the insurance.  Thought I might make a claim.  Get a few quid to mend that door panel.  Amount of money I’ve paid them bastards over the years, I might as well get some of it back.  There’s not much money in…”
Leigh cut him short, “Okay, Mr. Jones.  I might as well tell you.  You’ll probably be hearing it on the News soon enough.”
“Not here, I doubt it.  I don’t have T.V. here, you know.”  Too fast, too defensive.  James Leigh made a mental note to have the license people pay a visit to the Jones farmhouse.
“Mr. Jones.”  The detective waited for silence before continuing, “You may read in the newspapers that a potentially dangerous criminal has been seen in this area.  He escaped from a high security remand centre on Wednesday night and we are led to believe that he is now in this region.”
“And you think he is here?”
“Was here.  We have no reason to suspect you of harbouring him.  Or should we?”  The question was said as a joke, but Mick was quick to disassociate himself.
“No, no, not at all.  But why…?”
“He'll be looking for food, he'll be looking for shelter.  Have you checked your outbuildings?”
“Yes.  No.  Well, I mean, I wasn’t checking for an escaped con.  Just to see if anything else had been stolen.”
“Don’t worry, Mr. Jones.  More than likely, it will prove not to be him, but the Scene Of Crime boys will be able to tell us for sure.  So, no objections?”
“It doesn’t sound like I have a choice.”
“Not really.”
“What has he done then?”
“Who?”
“The escaped con.”
Leigh was silent again.  What had he done?  He thought back to the old case file that he had so recently read.  It was not easy to explain.  In the end he decided to simplify the facts.  “Murder.”

•••

Luke was fast asleep in his buggy and his father was daydreaming about Tasmania.  Arthur ‘Art’ Madison pushed the stylish three-wheel conveyance at a steady four miles per hour down the gentle incline, oblivious to the gusting wind blowing through the high branches along the denuded avenue of trees.  There was a very fine, cold drizzle, which stung the exposed skin of Art’s cheeks and hands, and succeeded in misting up the see-through plastic canopy that protected his infant son from the worst of the winter’s weather.  It had been a difficult morning and Art was glad of the opportunity to submerge in an imaginary world.  He knew that his son might wake again at any moment; it was a short fuse before the reality bomb exploded.
He was on his hands and knees, crawling through the thick ground cover of ferns, across a brown carpet of dry, fallen pine needles, the slender spines a constant irritant as they pricked the skin of his palms and snickered their way into his clothes and boots.  It had not rained for several days, which was unusual, and the sky, when he could glimpse it through the dense canopy of pine trees, was a brilliant blue.  It did not make stalking any easier.  He had set a course by the big gum tree that he had viewed from the ridge, but now that he was in the midst of the forest he was no longer certain that he was still heading for the distinctive eucalypt.  It didn’t matter, he was no more or less likely to encounter his quarry there than anywhere else.  And what would he do when - if - he came face-to-face with his elusive game?  What then?  That was the big question.  He had imagined a dozen different scenarios, painting himself as hero or as villain in turn but, of course, it wasn’t really about him.  He was merely the conduit; the creature, now he was the star turn.  Beneath the needles the ground was soft and mulchy and his hands were becoming increasingly grimy from the rich soil; the lines across his palms looking like delicate tattoos where the dirt found refuge in every crease, or like a charcoal rubbing from a brass relief; his fingernails were clogged and black.  He hadn’t imagined his progress would be so slow, or that the forest would be so unwelcoming.  His lack of progress was a cause for depression, but the very impenetrability of the environment was also a reason for optimism.  It could be here.  Lack of faith, rather than an adverse landscape, was his greatest enemy.  It would be here.  There was a slight rise ahead, he would rest awhile there, give himself a chance to stretch his legs and clean off his hands and clothes.  Perhaps he would be able to get his bearings again.  It was a sound to the left that stopped him in his tracks.  There were plenty of animals in the forest of course - wallabies, possums and bandicoots, devils, pademelons and spiny echidnas, he had seen them all at various times - birds too, but this felt different.  Primeval.  He felt the hairs on the back of his neck rise; realized that he had stalled his breathing in anticipation.  He would have to stand up in order to see, but now that he was so close, did he really want to?  He was almost scared to be proved right.  Success might carry a greater price than failure.  He pulled his legs forward so that he was in a squatting position, then rose up on his knees, before slowly, silently, drawing himself up to his full height.  All was quiet.  Tree trunk after tree trunk, receding into darkness.  Except, suddenly, there, a branch cracked, and a blurry movement, just a glimpse, way off, but it was enough, the long snout and short, stumpy forelegs, the unmistakable transverse stripes across the rump...
“Waaa-aaah!  Waaa-aaaaah!”
Reality check.  Cassiobury Park.  Friday afternoon.  February.  Raining.  Luke crying.
He had become a single parent by accident.  Okay, so he wasn’t technically a single parent, but pretty much as good as.  Art remembered the conversations that he had had with Amanda before Luke had been born; before Luke had even been conceived.
He had never quite imagined having children.  If he was being honest, he quite liked the idea of being the last of the Madisons: a full stop in a long line of generations.  Somehow it gave you a certain power: a control over your own destiny in a world, which is otherwise ruled by little biological building blocks.  If we are to believe that there is no God in the traditional sense, and Art guessed that he pretty well did, and instead the sole function of the human race is to continue effectively replicating itself, or at least acting as efficient hosts to allow a series of little genes to replicate themselves, somehow, by saying no to this whole process it seems a bit like giving yourself a higher status.  You are defying nature - A Rebours - you are saying that you are the ultimate goal that all these years of selfless reproduction have built towards.  It all ends here.  Art quite liked that idea.  Selfish, yes.  But it was a state he had always felt quite content with; a state Amanda had ultimately accused him of being guilty of.  Was it a philosophy that answered any of the questions about why we are here, or the meaning of life?  Perhaps not, but he had largely never been troubled by them.  Not to get him wrong, he had occasionally considered what it would be like to have children, but he had only ever considered them in respect of them being spectators - and enraptured spectators at that - all the more to cheer on their father’s greater glory.  It was a bad attitude to have, and he knew it, and so for twenty-eight years was sensible enough not to bring anyone into the world simply to make up numbers in the audience.  But times change, and the clear cut thoughts you have when you are young become shot through with doubts, mainly of the ‘what if?’ variety, as you get older, and you begin to think of the consequences of ‘what if you were wrong?’, and you begin to think about potential regrets, and wanting to keep them to be too few to mention.
They had talked about it on and off for over a year.  Some people seemed so certain on the issue; it was as though parenthood was their only reason for being.  With Art and Amanda it hadn’t been like that: theirs had been a dilemma of ambivalence.  If only they could leave things to chance, and have the decision made for them.  Except they couldn’t just leave things to chance: there was one big decision to be made.  And so it was decided that Art would stop his regular purchases at Boots.  After that they could leave things to chance.
Three months, six months, a year, possibly a couple of years: they would try and then, honour satisfied, give up, saying, “It was not meant to happen” and get on with the rest of their lives.  That had been the plan.  One month!  One shot Madison.  It all happened so quickly that Art never had a chance to decide if he felt shocked or pleased; scared or excited.  Pretty damn virile, though, he was in no doubt about that.
In hindsight, her decision to go to New York was not as unexpected as it had seemed at the time.  They had had discussions about it beforehand, he just hadn’t been listening; hadn’t wanted to believe that anything would change, to acknowledge that things had been far from rosy with their relationship for several years now.  The arrival of the baby was like a final toss of the coin: tails, all would be well, heads, it would only make matters worse.  It was no contest.  Luke was a two-headed coin.  Babies can not be expected to be a magical relationship glue.  Her decision to leave her son behind was not so expected, although her justification was perfectly logical.
“I have always been the main bread-winner.  Now that my maternity leave is finished, the magazine has offered me an opportunity to join their sister organization.  As managing editor.  Don’t look so surprised.  I told you it was a possibility three weeks ago, when I popped in to see Maggie.”
“Maggie?”
“Art!  For God’s sake!  Do you never listen?  My boss.”
“Of course, of course.”
“It would mean working in New York.  Living in New York.  You understand?”
“But...”
“It’s too good an opportunity to turn down.  You know how I’ve worked for this; dreamed of this.  You only get offered something like this once in a lifetime; turn it down now and I won’t be considered again.  I’ll be too old.”
“But...”
“I’ll be back once a month.  It’s part of the deal.  I insisted upon that.  I will still see you and Luke.”
“Luke?”
“The salary is huge.  I’ll send money back for you.  You won’t have to change anything.  You can still keep your part-time job at the University, and carry on with that other nonsense you do in your spare time.  You know it makes sense.”
“But Luke?”
“You can look after him, can’t you?  And I’m sure your sister will have him when you are at work.”
“How can...”
“How can you, what?  Oh, Art, what?  What?  You always turn everything to be about you.”
“That wasn’t what I was going to ask.”
“No.  What then?”
“How can you?”

•••

Luke watched as the familiar face that he had become to associate with the sound ‘dada’ peered anxiously at him through the clear plastic bubble.  He gave a big toothy grin of recognition to his father and then the pinnacle of the Madison gene pool shat silently and contentedly into his nappy.
Chapter Two:  Friday night

“Mr. A. Burningham was driving along a Surrey lane in August 1959 when he saw ahead of him what he described as an enormous cat, the size of a Labrador dog but with a distinctive feline gait.  Burningham observed the cat for several minutes before it moved on, eventually dismissing the incident as a quirk.”

“Did anyone see you leave?”
“No, I don’t think so.”
“How long do you think you’ve got?”
“An hour, maybe more.  They were just starting their meal.”
“And they won’t miss you?”
“They think I’m in my quarter.  They never include me when they are drinking as well.”
“Hypocrites!”
“What do I care?  It gives us our chance, doesn’t it?”  The young woman took the man’s hand, interlaced their fingers, and pulled him closer towards her.
“So, where do you want to go?” he asked.
“I don’t know.  Somewhere close.  Just so long as we don’t run into those weird kids again.”
“Who?”
“You know, last time, those teenagers and their stupid black magic stuff.”
The young man laughed, “You talk as though you were so much older than them yourself.”
“Well, you know.”  Sheepish.  It was already dark along the towpath though and the woman’s coy look was lost to the night.
“Okay.  How about we walk a little way up the bank and see if we can find somewhere sheltered under the trees.”
“Won’t it be damp on the ground?  It was raining earlier.”
“Well, we don’t have to... you know, do everything.”  The young man was growing impatient.  “Come on.  We’re wasting our time talking out here in the open.  We’ll find somewhere,” he added, reassuringly.  He put his arm around his companion’s shoulder and together they stepped off the shingle path, ducked under a low branch, and disappeared into the black night of the wood.

•••

“They were sentenced yesterday.  Did you see it?”
“You know, Vince, I’m really not that interested in this sort of stuff.  It gets me a bit spooked,” said Zoe.
“I saw them,” said Graham, “On the T.V. last night.  They looked mad.”
Vince ignored Graham’s comments and addressed the blonde-haired girl, “Spooked?  That’s the point.  Come on Zoe, you know you’re interested really.  Why else are you out here?”
Zoe tried to sound casual. “I like the park at night, that’s all.  You can see so many stars.”  Zoe lay flat on her back on the short grass, oblivious to the cold and the damp.  The earth maiden.  She stretched her arms out wide as though to embrace the whole black universe, which filled her range of vision above her.  Vince took the gesture as a sign of invitation to him and started to move towards sitting down astride the young woman.  Zoe sat up abruptly, “Vince!  What the fuck do you think you are doing?”
Vince giggled nervously and then sat down beside Zoe, continuing his previous conversation as though there had been no interruption, “She gave the sign of the Horned One.  Did you see?”  The young man held his hand up, first and little fingers extended in imitation of a beast’s horns.”
Graham, interested, moved closer.  It was dark in the park and he had not been able to see Vince’s gesture.  “How was that?”  He sat down beside his two companions and peered intently into the dark, trying to define the position of Vince’s hand.  He copied the sign, smiling broadly.
“I’m considering changing my name,” said Vince.
“Oh?”  Success.  He had managed to get Zoe interested despite her best intentions.
“What to?” asked Graham.  “What’s wrong with Vince Grey?”
“Stan.  That’s what to.”
Zoe laughed and Vince looked momentarily annoyed at being ridiculed.  He tried to justify his decision, “It’s an anagram of Satan.”
There was silence for a few moments while the others digested this piece of information.  It was Graham who finally said, “Isn’t there an ‘a’ missing?”
“What?”
“An ‘a’.  Satan has an extra ‘a’.”
Zoe laughed again and Vince tried to hide his embarrassment by returning to his description of the trial, “They’ll go down as martyrs to the cause.”
“The cause?”
Vince was not to be interrupted, “Stabbed their victim more than sixty times and then drank his blood.”
“Then made love.  That’s what I read.”  Zoe added.
“You see, you are interested.”  Vince was pleased at the direction the conversation had taken.  It had been almost a month now since he had first invited Zoe to join him on one of his night-time sorties into the park and he had still not succeeded in either inveigling her into the black arts or himself into her underpants.  She still persisted with her ‘free spirit of nature’ persona.  Of course having Graham tagging along all the time didn’t help either, although he was sometimes quite useful as the comic foil and as the butt of Vince’s jokes.
“You realize that tomorrow is a special day?” said Vince.
“Oh?”
Vince could not resist an opportunity to show off and to belittle his companion at the same time, “You don’t know?  I would have thought you New Age types would have all been out celebrating.”
“What?” said Zoe, intrigued.
“Tomorrow is Candlemas.”
“Candlemas?”  Zoe had not heard the term.
Vince went on to explain, “One of the four ancient quarter-days in Scottish lore, along with Hallowmas, or Halloween as it’s become known, Lammas and of course...”
“Eric Luf.”  It was Graham who broke into Vince’s flow.
“What?”
“Eric Luf.  You could change your name to Eric Luf.”
“Why on earth...?”
“Lucifer.  Eric Luf.”  Graham lapsed into his own quiet thought again, his lips moving silently in the darkness, as though he were concentrating at working out some private mathematical problem.
Vince glared in his direction before addressing Zoe, “As I was saying...  Where was I?”
“Lammas.”
“Oh yes.  And of course Beltane.”
“So what’s so special about Candlemas?”
“The 2nd of February.  It’s the day, in the Roman Catholic church, when all the candles that will be needed throughout the year are consecrated.  You know, blessed.  It is the festival of the purification of the Virgin Mary.”  He was not unknowledgeable on his subject was Vince.
“Ted Hevil.”  It was Graham again.
Zoe laughed.  “That’s feeble.”
Vince was annoyed, “What are you talking about?”
“Or Old Nick.  Though that’s not an anagram, of course.”
Vince tried to draw Zoe’s attention back to what he had been saying, “Ignore him.  What was I saying?”
“How about Phil Mestophees”
“What?”
“Phil Mestophees.  Mephistopheles.  Or Norris Fenspacked.”  Graham was on a rare verbal roll and was proving hard to halt.  Vince resorted to physical means.  He was a tall boy, often taken for much older than his seventeen years, plus slightly overweight, and it did not take many moments of applying his considerable bulk on top of Graham’s prone being for the smaller punster to shut up.  Not before he managed one final retort though, “Vince Grey.  Never really black.”
Vince might have been tempted to retaliate further if it had not been for the cry.  It was a long, loud howl finishing with a harsh, gargling reverberation, like a death-rattle cough from the lungs of a titan; it was a noise somehow intrinsically linked with the image of pain and distress; not close at hand, but not so far away as to not be unnerving.  It did not sound human but it did not sound like any animal that the threesome would have normally associated living in an area of suburban parkland.
“Did you hear that?”
“Yes.  Someone in the woods, do you think?”
“Someone being murdered if it was.” said Graham.
“Oh, and you’d know what that would sound like,” said Vince, sarcastically.
“Shut up the pair of you.”  It was Zoe.  “I think we ought to be going.”
“Scared?” asked Vince, trying to sound bolder than he felt.
The blonde-haired girl got to her feet.  She had kicked off her shoes when she lay down and she now had to feel around in the darkness to retrieve them again, forcing her feet into them without undoing the straps.  “Stay if you want.  I’ve got to get home.  I’ve still got some work to do for school, and I don’t want to leave it for the weekend.  Are you coming Graham?”
Graham looked towards his mentor for his lead, “Vince?”
With Zoe leaving Vince had no particular desire to remain.  It was bitterly cold in the exposed park and Graham alone did not provide sufficient stimulation to make up for the continued discomfort.  “Okay, let’s all go.  Same time tomorrow, though.  Candlemas, remember.”
“Okay,” Graham agreed.
“Maybe,” Zoe sounded doubtful.
In the darkness Vince smiled to himself.  She would be there.  Not necessarily on his account; he did not flatter himself that he had been successful at wooing her yet.  He did not know what it was, but there was something about the place that meant that she just couldn’t keep away.

•••

Rob and Janet had passed first base when they heard the noise.  They had not been able to find a suitably dry patch of ground to suit their amorous intentions, or at least when they had it had been covered in a carpet of fallen, short, dead twigs, which Janet insisted would be ‘too prickly’.  In the end, and conscious that they were running out of time, they had contented themselves with a snog and a grope leaning up against the trunk of a tall, birch tree.  They were still within shouting distance of the canal path and the barge community of which Janet was a member, but lost amidst the darkness of the wood they were confident that they were invisible to any spying eyes.
Rob had worked with impatient zeal and moderate skill and had successfully negotiated the obstacles caused by the zip of Janet’s anorak, the weight of her thick jumper, several buttons on her blouse, and had just worked his hand through the multitude of layers to be able to feel the thin, silky material of the cup of her bra and the reassuringly hardening protuberance beneath, when he was halted in his exploration by the sudden, deep, throaty cry which rent the air with a terrifying note of anguish.  He felt Janet freeze in the darkness before him, her every muscle going taunt.
“What was that?”
“I don’t know.”
“It sounded close.”
“Shush.”  Rob was straining, trying to listen, but the call was not repeated.  There was the sound of the wind through the bare branches and the rustle of the dead leaves on the ground, but otherwise all was silent.
Janet was doing up her buttons and pulling down her ruckled sweater, “I think I had better get back.”
On another night Rob would have tried to detain her, would have tried to prolong their tryst even at the expense of making her late returning to the barge, but suddenly this evening he had no desire to remain in the black wood.
Chapter Three:  Saturday

“In 1962, Ernest Jellett, a water board worker, was walking up a country lane near Farnham, when he was amazed to see a huge, cat like animal pursuing a rabbit ahead of him. He described the creature as having a round, flat face, like a big cat, with a long, tapering tail and huge paws.  This has come to be regarded as the first official sighting of the Surrey Puma.”

The clean-shaven face of cryptozoology.  That was how Art liked to picture himself.  Self-image: it can be a dangerous delusion.  It is the lot of Man that he is generally defined by his job.  Bank manager; soldier; accountant; farmer: they are neat boxes, out of which there is seldom any necessity to struggle.  Now, if this job is a vocation; his career rather than his mere occupation, all is well and good, except come the time when that career eventually ends; when redundancy, retirement or sickness overtakes him and he is forced to relinquish his professional duties and, instead, is thrust into a cruel world devoid of identity.  Retired bank manager; ex-soldier; redundant accountant; they all added up to a big zero.  For Art this never had, and never would, be a problem.  Art did a job.  Plain and simple.  Nothing more; nothing less.  He spent an allotted number of hours - as pre-determined by a higher authority - at an allotted place - likewise decided - for an allotted amount of money.  Filling in the specifics in Art’s case, this meant that he spent seventeen and a half hours a week in the Library at the University of London for a salary too vulgarly small to mention.  Unlike Art’s colleagues though, he never considered himself a university worker; never wanted to be referred to as a librarian; never thought that he was included when memos came around addressed to ‘all clerical and related admin. staff’; never wanted to be put under any general banner by people who did not know him.  When he was younger he would have argued passionately to be described as ‘an individual’, but as he grew older and increasingly found that the ‘cult of the individual’ only led to ‘the path of inactivity’ he had sought out a new direction for his life: something that gave meaning and, at the same time, was entirely within his own control; something that defined him; something that he could stand up and proudly say, “I am a ...”  He was still not entirely sure when cryptozoology had come along and managed to fulfill these criteria, but he did know that it excites more interest when he introduces himself at parties now than it ever did as, “you must meet my friend, he’s a librarian.”
Of course, becoming a father provided another way of defining himself.  For many people it was the ultimate description.  Parent.  Father.  They were fairly rigid terms; little opportunity for misrepresentation there.  But Art did not want to be just a parent; just a father: he knew that he had to hang on to something more; something from his responsibility-free days.  It was important, not just for him, but also for his child.  He wanted to be someone that his son would look up to.  He recalled - he had time to do this, since he was currently on another one of his rabbit runs, this time around the cemetery; Luke once again asleep in his buggy - going along to a relatively well known footballer’s testimonial match some years before.  It was an occasion for the supporters to turn out in recognition of their player’s solid ten years’ unstinting loyalty to the club and an opportunity to watch a game of football divorced from the usual pressures of league and cup.  Art had never been a great fan of the player in question, rightly judging him too one-footed and a bit of a journeyman, whose career had flattered his talent, but he felt a pang of envy at him as he stepped out on the pitch that evening to receive his presentation before the game, his two small children on either side of him, enthusiastically cheered on by a partisan crowd of thirty thousand.  At that moment, if never again, those kids must have thought, “now I’ve got a dad to be proud of.”  Perhaps not, though.  Perhaps it is subtler than that.  Fatherhood had made Art look at his own dad with different eyes.  As a child, it is easy to see your parents existing for no other reason than to feed and nurture and protect you, and to forget that they existed as individual human beings, both before you came into existence and after you were born as well.  Perhaps it was because his own dad had been such a good and selfless father that he seldom ever thought of him in other terms; to imagine what his boyhood ambitions had been; to wonder if he was satisfied with the way his own life had turned out.  As his child, Art had wanted to do things that would make him proud of him, but is that reward enough for thirty years of self-sacrifice?  And yet when you hear parents speak of having a child as being the most worthwhile and important thing they ever did in their lives, is it a question of self-sacrifice at all, or is it just those little replicating genes again controlling the mind as well as the body?  Art still didn’t know.  He could only hope, that he would emulate his own father, and prove to be good enough for the job, and at the same time not forget who he was; somehow ensure that the individual he had always identified as himself, didn’t completely disappear under the title of father, so that Luke will recognize him for being a good man, as well as hopefully for being a good dad.
Why was he spending all this valuable time musing about Luke though?  His son’s somnolent hours were the only opportunity that he had these days to indulge his alter ego.  He felt a bit like Clark Kent - mild mannered, office worker by day; world-saving, super hero by night.  Okay, so perhaps not exactly like Clark Kent, but he was willing to bet that the few people who even happened to notice the insignificant, anoraked figure pushing his infant son around the graveyard that morning, would never have begun to imagine that this was a man who hunted for monsters.
That is the popular impression of cryptozoology.  Monster hunters.  Mad scientists and loony amateurs.  Well, Art was certainly no mad scientist.  Not enough initials after his name for that.  Loony amateur?  It perhaps depended on who was describing him.  His wife had called him such, and worse, often enough.  It all came back to that problem of self-image.
There were few other people in the cemetery to interrupt Art’s train of thought, but an unusually strong burst of wind brought him back to the present and made him concentrate on his surroundings.  It had been a miserable January, colder than for several years, and it looked as though February was going to continue much the same, wet and wintery.  The graveyard probably did not feature high on many people’s list of preferred walks in the vicinity, but for Art it was both conveniently close to his home, while at the same time being just far enough away to allow an opportunity for the rocking motion of the buggy to send his son into a deep slumber.  The wind howled again and Art drew the collar of his coat closer about him and looked down to check that Luke was not getting too cold or wet.  Beyond the cemetery wall the four floodlights at the football stadium towered high, like metallic dinosaurs looking down on a feast.  Watford must be playing at home this afternoon; Art had passed several mobile hot-dog vans setting up in the street outside, ready to ply their trade to the passing throngs.  He had only just finished reading A Confederacy of Dunces, and should he ever have been tempted to sample the wares of these alfresco merchants, after reading the exploits of Ignatius J. Reilly and his time with Paradise Vendors Incorporated, he would have thought again.  He pushed the buggy past the central stone-built chapel with its neo-Gothic windows, circumventing it on three sides in a withershins direction, and smiled - as he always did - when he saw the modern No Smoking symbol on the crematorium door.  Avenues of rain-drenched, grey headstones lead off in all directions.  He started along one path that he was particularly familiar with - the Baskerville family, a fine name, late-nineteenth, early-twentieth century; Buddy, ‘suffer the children’; Reg and Stan, brothers killed in different fields of combat during the War; each in their time a novel, now condensed to a sentence; their story unknown except to a very few - but halted seeing a couple, both dressed in black, some distance ahead of him.  They too must have a story.  The woman looked elderly and was being supported both by her companion and with the aid of a stick; they walked slowly, but purposefully, in the direction of a blue car that was parked close to the crematorium building within the cemetery grounds.  Mother and son perhaps?  Visiting the father’s grave?  A recent bereavement?  It seemed quite likely.  But who could tell.  It was pure speculation.  They could have been local historians or even visiting football supporters killing - ho, ho - a couple of hours before kick-off.  At that very moment, they were probably inventing an equally inaccurate explanation for Art’s presence: “poor man, wife perhaps died in childbirth”.
A large, black crow was cawing mournfully from the top of a Celtic-style cross, his baleful message sounding across the silent tombs.  The bird watched suspiciously as Art approached, before taking wing, flying only as far as the high branches of a green cedar tree, waiting for the interloper to move on.  A group of a dozen starlings, not so fearful of the human presence, pecked away at something that the rain had brought to the surface in the short grass.  There were red and black fruit on the hawthorn bushes and, here and there in the soil, tiny new green shoots which looked like wild crocuses, and which offered a greater reason to be optimistic about the continuum of existence than the lifeless bundles of cut blooms that decorated the occasional monument.  The petty-cash tin was something of an anomaly, though.  It was lying in the middle of the path and brought Art up with a start.  He shuddered involuntarily, experiencing the kind of frisson one would commonly associate with being surprised by a living presence, or when viewing something unnatural or horrific, not the normal reaction to an inanimate hulk of metal.  It was the immediate mental association that the tin box caused that provoked the reaction.  He realized instantly that he was looking at the discarded spoils from a robbery: the scenario was not hard to imagine.  The High Street was not very far away, some of the smaller, specialist shops in the side roads even closer; an opportunist thief had perhaps seen a moment when the shop till was left untended, snuck behind the counter and grabbed whatever was immediately at hand, and then run.  A petty-cash tin would constitute a good day’s work.  The relative quiet of the graveyard would be the ideal place to sort the ill-gotten wheat from the chaff.  There were a few damp papers, the ink blurred by the rain, lying beside the tin.  Art could not read them from where he was standing and he did not bother to kneel down to take a closer look.  It was still a filthy day: the rain was coming on stronger again now and Art suddenly just wished to be away from this place.  He had no anxiety that the thief might still be around, Art was sure that he was long gone, but he felt cold and damp and the lure of his secure house and a warm drink was proving strong.  He would never be able to survive outside for long: living rough, it sounded romantic in theory, but in practice...  He did not know how the homeless coped.  Of course, in many cases they simply didn’t, he knew.  Why didn’t they just all rise up in rebellion?  What had they to lose?  It was a bit of a Raskolnikov-type dilemma.  When you have nothing, you can still cling on to your values.  He was being a prig.  What did he know?  He had never been in such a situation; never even been close to it, thank God - or thank those genes again.  Art thought that he would quickly sacrifice his own values if ever he were cold or hungry or frightened.  Morals were a prerogative of the fortunate and the advantaged: a roof can provide more than mere shelter.  There did not seem to be that many genuinely homeless people in Watford: a few colourful down-and-outs drinking from cans in Market Street and a smattering of vacant-eyed inhabitants of the ‘care’ centre, who would wander the shopping streets and sit on the benches in the Harlequin Centre by day, but who would all have mysteriously disappeared come nightfall.  In London, though, in the dark doorways along the Strand, or where the building work was going on along Kingsway, and in the maze of little dark alleys and service roads behind the shops between Charing Cross Road and Oxford Street, the area in the past which would have been the notorious old St Giles ghetto, there, after dark, Art had seen people who truly lived their lives on the street.  Not all young men, as is the popular impression - those seeking and not finding their fortune in the Big City - but elderly men and women too.  He used to pass one old woman huddled, her arms wrapped protectively around a posse of supermarket carrier bags containing all her possessions, in a Kingsway doorway nearly every day.  Every day for a year; two years perhaps.  Until, one day, she wasn’t there.  He liked to think that she had perhaps been plucked from the streets by a kindly soul, set up in a better place, was being cared for and looked after, but Art knew the truth was seldom so sympathetic and the homeless far from picaresque.  He wouldn’t last a week, let alone a year.  But what if they did all rise up?  What a scary place London then?  Where instead, every person that now apologetically asked you for change was a ruthless mugger and every sleeping body beneath their cardboard blanket a potential murderer.  What point speculation?  It didn’t solve what to do about the matter of the petty-cash box.  Art swung the buggy round on its back wheels in a neat half turn.  Leave it.  Someone else would discover it.  Someone else could report it.  Art pulled the hood of his coat over his head again and set off in the direction of home.
It was two hours later that Jennifer Tate noticed the same metal petty-cash tin and reported it to council worker Jim Marcello who was tending the cemetery grounds.  It was four hours later, on his way home from work, that Jim Marcello, driving his regulation white van resplendent with the Watford Council orange sun logo above the optimistic message “Way Ahead”, dropped off the tin at the local police station in the aptly named Shady Lane.  It was four days later that the cash box arrived on the desk of D. S. James Leigh at Hertfordshire C.I.D. headquarters and from there, only seventeen minutes later - even allowing for a slight traffic delay on the one-way system - before James Leigh was turning into the driveway, for a second time, of Mick Jones’s farmhouse.
Chapter Four:  Tuesday

“In July 1963 a massive hunt was undertaken for the Shooters Hill cheetah, following two sightings, the first by a lorry driver, the second - which carried more credence - by a police officer, who claimed the big cat leapt over the bonnet of his patrol car.”

“Okay, so tell me again.  What exactly is this crypto...?”
“...zoology.  How many more times do I have to explain it?  Don’t you ever listen, mate?”
“Never when you’re speaking.”
The two men touched glasses with a companionable chink and smiled.  The weather had changed dramatically and, although still cold, the sky was a brilliant winter blue without a cloud in sight.  A near-perfect day for an alfresco drink, give or take a few degrees.  The Lord John Russell was just within the boundaries they had set for lunchtime drinking, being on the perimeter of an imaginary circle which stretched from the corner of Tottenham Court Road and Oxford Street to the south-west, Holborn Underground Station to the south-east, Euston Road to the north, and the Brunswick Centre and Marchmont Street to the east: requiring a ten minute walk there, a ten minute walk back, but still leaving a good forty minutes to enjoy a pint and perhaps a hastily consumed pub meal.
Art took a deep quaff from his glass and then shivered.  “Blimey, it is cold, isn’t it?  Perhaps we should go inside.”
His companion shrugged.  He was a tall man with a short pony-tail which hung down over the collar of his thick, black overcoat.  Beneath, he was wearing a smart, charcoal suit and matching tie, which was in stark contrast to Art’s casual attire of jumper and black jeans.  “Up to you.”
There was a slight pause in the conversation as both men turned to watch a young woman in tight pink trousers, pushing a small pram, walk briskly past.
“Nice bum.  Shame about the pram.”
“Hey!” Art protested, “Nothing wrong with babies, John.  Don’t forget I’m in the same position.”
John stood up, making a pretense of leaning over the table to be able to see where Art was sitting on the wooden bench, “Not from where I’m looking.”
Art smiled, “Perhaps you’re right.  So you want to know about cryptozoology?”
“Not really, but it sounded as though I was going to get very little choice in the matter.”
Art ignored him, “It is the study of hidden creatures.”  He continued quickly, anticipating a joke, seeing the smile playing around his friend’s mouth, “Not hidden as in hide-and-seek.  Hidden as in undiscovered.  Don’t you know your Greek?”
“Don't confuse me.”
“Kruptos meaning hidden, zoon meaning animal, and logos meaning discourse.”
“Kruptoszoonlogos.  Snappy.”
“Shut up you pedant, or I won't tell you about my A.B.C.”
“I’m all ears.”  Art was about to continue speaking but John jumped in again as he had a second thought, “Or would that make me the mysterious All Ears Man, reputed to lurk outside popular Bloomsbury hostelries but never satisfactorily catalogued by science.  Individuals are shy and retiring and are rarely seen and only very occasionally heard.  The last reported specimen...”
“...was beaten to a pulp for taking the piss.”
John smiled and sipped his beer.  “Go on then.  Tell me about your A.B.C.  Whatever that might be.  I can see that you are itching to.”
“Alien Big Cat.”
“Like out of space?”
“No, like in the wrong place.”
“Oh yes, I've heard about them.  Black panthers on Dartmoor and such stuff.”
“You can sound sceptical,” Art continued, “but there have been some proven, documented cases.  There was a European lynx captured in Barnet only last year.  There had been reported sightings for years of a big cat in the area that no one had taken very seriously, until it suddenly appeared in someone’s back garden and then couldn’t very well be ignored.  The local police force, the R.S.P.C.A., the lot were called in to try to capture it. I’m pretty sure it is now in London Zoo.  I ought to take Luke along there one day to see it.”
“You’ve got to admit, there’ve been some very dubious photographs too. The Beast of Bodmin,” replied John.
“Yes, granted.”
“Anyhow, this isn’t really cryptozoology, is it?”
“How do you mean?”
“Well these big cats, if they actually exist, they are not exactly undiscovered are they.  They've just escaped from a zoo or somewhere.  I mean, it’s hardly science is it.”
“No, it is a bit of a grey area in cryptozoology.  Displaced animals. They have been adopted by cryptozoologists, if you like, because they are often mistaken for genuine undiscovered species.  Anyhow, I can’t exactly claim any great scientific credentials myself, so I’m not going to be all elitist and exclusive.  This would probably be considered absolutely blasphemous by a hardcore crypto-nut, but for me a lot of the attraction of the discipline is the element of belief.”
“Cryptozoology as organized religion.  Interesting concept.”
“I’m serious.  There is too much about the modern world that is known and described.  Sometimes it is just nice to have something that you have to have a little faith in.”
“Why can’t you stick to God, or airplanes, or something ordinary like normal people.”
Art shrugged.  “God Schmod, I want my monkey-man.”
“I want my monkey-man.”  John had joined Art so that they said the last part of the sentence in unison.  “I know my Simpsons, too.”
Art was serious again, “I tell you what I believe in.  Thylacines.”
“Sounds like a toothpaste.  I’m going to regret it, but tell me more,” said John, wearily.
“Tasmanian tigers,  Supposedly extinct.  The last known specimen died in captivity in 1936, but there have been plenty of uncorroborated sightings ever since.  I believe that they still exist.”
“What are they like?”
A powerful motorbike roared along the street with a noisy blast of exhaust and Art waited for it to pass before continuing.  He took another swig from his glass.  “Good beer here.”
“Yes, good beer.”  It was a snatch of conversation that they always had here, as ritualistic as touching glasses after saying “Cheers”.
“I sometimes dream about thylacines.”
“Sad.”
“True.  What are they like?  I suppose they look rather dog-like.  The name tiger is a bit of a misnomer.  They have long hind legs, striped, rather like a hyena, and short, rigid front legs, slightly awkward actually.  Add to this the largest gape of any known mammal and the fact that they are marsupials, and you’ve got a fairly weird looking beast.”
“And you want to see one of these creatures?”  John sounded slightly disbelieving.
“Of course.  It would be...”  Words almost failed Art as he tried to visualize the moment, something he had often daydreamed about, coming face-to-face with a real life thylacine, “...amazing.”
“You’re odd.”
“I’m not arguing.”
“But surely, all these...”  It took considerable effort for John not to use the word ‘monsters’, “...all these creatures, if they exist, they would have been discovered by now.  How many places are there that are really unknown to mankind in this day and age?”
“You’d be surprised.  The middle of the Sahara Desert, the centre of the Congo rainforest, the highest peaks and the deepest valleys in the Himalayas.  There are plenty of places too inhospitable for man to explore adequately.  The bottom of the oceans.”  Art added as an after-thought.
“I’m still not convinced.”
“Okay, let me tell you a quick story.  The okapi.  You've heard of one of them?”
“Yes, a sort of big deer-type thing.”
“An even-toed ungulate related to the giraffe actually, but yes, close enough.  It wasn’t officially known to science until 1901, and was credited as being discovered by the British explorer Harry Johnston in the dense jungles of northeast Zaire, although, of course, it was an animal already well known to the indigenous people of that region.  Before then, it had been thought by Western scientists, to have been extinct since the Miocene period, some twenty million years ago.  It is one of the most recently discovered big land animals.  There have actually been plenty of others since, but the okapi is always upheld as being a bit of a flagship for cryptozoologists.”
“Yes, but the world has changed a lot since 1901.”
“I’m not so sure how much the Ituri Forest has changed, though.  Except for man cutting down great swathes of it, I doubt whether most of the inhabitants of the Congo jungle would know whether it is the Lower Cretaceous Period or if they have been catapulted into Buck Rogers in the twenty-fifth century.”
“Which doesn’t tell me anything about your Alien Big Cat.”
“Oh, no.  Well, it happened on Sunday.  I was walking Luke in the woods... I saw that woman again, you know, the one I mentioned about last time.  Remind me to tell you about her.  Anyway, I bumped into an old friend of mine who does a bit of freelance work for the local paper.  Hadn’t seen him for some time.  It seemed a strange place to see him too and I told him so, he had always been much more a city-type than a fresh air fan, if you know what I mean.  Anyhow, it transpired that he was working on a story, and knowing that I had always been interested in cryptozoology, he asked me if I could help him out with a bit of background information.”
“Any money in it?”
“No, we’re talking local paper here.  It’s not exactly Fleet Street.  I might get a credit though, if he gets his piece accepted.”
“You’re too generous for your own good.”
“Yes, and you’re too much of a capitalist.”
“Hey, it’s not even worth getting out of bed in the morning unless it’s worth a few hundred quid.”
“I’ll remember that when you say it is my round next time.”
“Anyway...” John prompted.
“Anyway...  The story he is working on concerns a mysterious incident that happened on the far side of the woods last Friday night.  There are several small farms out that way, plus a cattery, and a few private dwellings, most of which keep some small amount of livestock.  There are often travellers... yes, that’s gypsies to you,” Art clarified, noticing his companion’s amused smile and knowing of his aversion to political correctness, “and some of them have horses, actually there is a big open field where they often graze.  Anyhow, it was in this field, I guess that it must have been Saturday morning that it was discovered, there were found the remains of a large Alsatian dog.”
“Doesn’t sound that mysterious.  Belong to one of the gypsies?”
“No, it was one of them that reported finding it.  What was odd was that the head had been almost severed, and that there were marks on the neck and shoulder of the animal consistent with the dog having been attacked by a large member of the genus Felis.”
“A big cat.”
“Quite”
“I can see why that might be interesting.  So what did you find out?  I presume that you and your journo friend went along to the site."
“Yes, and that was something weird again.”
“Oh?”
“The whole area was cordoned off.  You know, police tape, vans, dozens of officers, even dogs.  It seemed like a massive over-reaction.  Normally, if there is a report of an A.B.C. incident, it is treated with scepticism, if not downright ignored, by the authorities.  You might find a few big cat enthusiasts lurking around if they have been tipped off to a sighting, and a few cryptos, like me, but nothing else.  This was very mysterious.”
“You’re not getting all conspiracy theory on me, are you?”
“No, no.  But, really, this was strange.”
“So what did you find out?”
“Nothing.  A big zero.  The police weren’t allowing anyone on to the field, or anywhere near the actual site of where the dog’s body was found. It looked as though a lot of the travellers had even had to move on, there was a big, muddy, cut up patch of ground where it looked as though they had been parked up, but not a sign of them by the time we arrived.”
“I guess they probably didn’t relish having the police as neighbours and moved on of their own accord.”
“Perhaps.  Yes, you’ve probably got something there,” agreed Art, as though he hadn’t previously considered that alternative.
“So, no story for your friend,” said John.
“Not quite.  He received an anonymous call.  Trevor said it was what alerted him to the incident in the first place.  Friday night. It must have been very soon after the incident happened.”
“Has he reported this?”
“Yes, he told one of the officers at the scene, but they didn’t seem that interested.  Took down his details and that was that.”
“So what do you think?”
“I don’t know.   I thought at first, that perhaps it wasn’t an Alsatian that had been killed; perhaps the caller was wrong?  You know, if a child had been attacked, or anyone come to that, there might have been more explanation for such a massive police presence, but the one thing that the officer we spoke to confirmed was about the dog: ‘Move along, nothing to see, just a dog been killed’, you know the sort of patronizing thing.”
“So how do you know it was killed by a cat?”
“I don’t for sure.  I would need to examine the wounds to be sure, and even then, as I say, I’m no expert.  Again, I only have the evidence of Trevor’s anonymous caller.  Apparently he - it was definitely a he - said that the dog looked like it had been torn apart by a great beast.  When Trevor asked for details, the description reminded him of some of the cases he had read about livestock being attacked around the country and of big cats being offered as a possible explanation.”
“It sounds as though he just wanted a good story.”
“Maybe, I wouldn’t put it past him to make up something like that.  But, nevertheless, something did attack that dog.  I’m prepared to go along with the A.B.C. theory until proven otherwise.  It’s not often I encounter a bit of intrigue on my own doorstep.  I’ve done plenty enough of the theory of cryptozoology, pouring over the old bestiaries, early explorers’ accounts, and the like, perhaps this is my chance for a bit of real field research.”
“I’m more interested in your woman,” said John, changing the subject.
“My woman?  Oh yes, I saw her again.”  Art began to smile at the memory, but then his brow furrowed up, “I’m being stupid, it’ll probably turn out to be just like this big cat: a vain pursuit after a fantasy creature.”
“I know which one I’d rather put my money on being real,” said John,  “What’s she like then?” he asked, eager for details.
“What is it with you?” said Art, jokingly.
“Hey, I’m a happily attached man.  I have to live out my sexual dalliances vicariously through you.”
“And you call me sad.  Bloody hell, you’ve had precious few excitements then, if you have had to rely on me for providing you with tit-bits.”
“I have a large web of associates,” John spread his arms out wide to illustrate his point, “who feed me little choice nuggets.  I’m kept well satisfied.  Don’t you worry about me.”  He smiled widely, leaning backwards on his bench, placing his arms behind his head with a look of satisfied repletion.
“Ugh, too much information.”
“Come on, mate.  Sate me.”
“Well,” Art continued, “she is about so high.”  He held his hand up to a level just below the fringe of his hair.
John was quick to jump in, “What!  Is she a midget, or something?”
“Not this high when I am sitting down; this high when I am standing up, you idiot.  Do you want to hear about her, or not?”
“Yes, yes, go on.  What’s her name?”
“Well how would I know, I haven’t spoken to her.”
“You’re no good at this, are you.  You’re not giving me anything to work with.  I know my imagination is fairly fertile but it needs a few seeds to get it going.”  Seeing that Art was looking a little discouraged, John added, “Okay, well carry on then.”
“Long dark hair, just below her shoulders anyway.”
“None on her head?” said John, trying not to smile.
Art ignored him, “Very cute.  I don’t know what it is, there is something about her.  Her eyes.  She has lovely eyes.”
“How old?”
“I don’t know, I’m not very good at guessing people’s ages.  Perhaps a couple of years younger than me.  I don’t know.”
“And you haven’t spoken to her?”
“No, but she smiled at me the last time we passed.”
“Sure she wasn’t just smiling at Luke.  He’s a bit of a lady’s man, by the sounds of it.”
“Could have been.  No, I’m sure she recognized me.  There was definitely something there, if you know what I mean.”
“So what are you going to do about it?”
“What can I do?  I’m a married man.”
“You’re sure about that, are you?  With a wife on the other side of the world.”
“Anyway,” reasoned Art, “I may never see her again.  It’s just been chance that I have seen her in the park when I’ve been taking Luke out and she’s been walking her dog at the same time.”
“Perhaps she is stalking you?”
“I wish.”  Art glanced at his watch, “Drink up, we ought to be getting back.”
John was not quite so swift to move, “Before we go, tell me, okay, honestly now.  How many of these crypto things do you actually believe in?” he asked, returning to the subject of their earlier conversation.
“How do you mean?”
“Well take the Loch Ness Monster.  By your definition, that would come under the banner of cryptozoology as being something worthy of investigation, right?”
“Right.”
“So do you believe it exists?”
“No, I guess not.  I think that there are probably other big sea creatures out there in the ocean depths that we have yet to classify, but Loch Ness Monster?  No.”
“Big Foot?”
“Don’t know much about it.  But, no.”
“Yeti.”
“Possibly.  It’s a great big Himalayas out there, pretty much unexplored.”
“What else?  You’ll have to help me out here.  I don’t know much about this stuff.  Oh no, hang on, what is that film that’s just come out.  Mothman?”
“Nonsense.”
“The blood-sucking thing?”
“Do you mean Puerto Rico’s infamous goat-sucker?  The Chupacabra.”
“Whatever.”
“No.”
“You don’t seem to believe in very much.”
“No, but that’s the point.  What do you take me for?  A pagan?”
Chapter Five:  Tuesday night

“During 1964, the Surrey puma was heard but not seen.  There were numerous reports of strange, howling noises at night, and a cow, discovered dead in a field, exhibited bite marks considered by a local vet ‘not to be made by any animal to be found native to this country’.”

“Where have you been?”  Vince flicked his pocket lighter into action so that the flame illuminated the faces of the two new arrivals.  Graham looked suitably shame-faced.  Zoe looked defiant.  Vince could see that she was chewing gum, her jaw in continual silent motion.  “Sunday was Candlemas.  I expected you to be here.”
“It was raining,” said Graham quietly, realizing now that it sounded a feeble excuse.
“The dark forces do not stop just because it is raining,” countered Vince.  “What about last night then?”
“It was still raining.”  This time it was Zoe.  “You must be mad if you think we are going to sit out in the park in the middle of the night when it is pouring down.  My mum was furious with me last time because I got my clothes all so damp.”
“Eight o’clock.  It is hardly the middle of the night,” said Vince.
“Feels like it though,” said Zoe with a shudder.   The earlier sun had vanished some three hours previous and it was bitterly cold once again on the exposed slope of grass.  “What have you been doing out here then, all by yourself?” she asked, interested despite herself.
“You won’t have heard.  It has been a momentous couple of days.  I have heard the call of Cthulhu.”
“No,” Graham gasped, the reference having instant meaning for him.
“What?” said Zoe.  “Cuth... What are you talking about?”
“Actually you heard it yourself.  You remember last Saturday night, that unearthly scream.”
“Yes,” said Graham eager to hear more.
“It was repeated on Sunday night.  I was here.  I heard it again.  Only clearer this time.  There can be only one explanation.”  Vince was silent for a moment, delaying his account, before suddenly breaking into what was seemingly gibberish, “Cthulhu fhtagn, Cthulhu fhtagn.”
“You heard that?” Graham was breathless with excitement.
“As clear as day.”
“Will one of you explain to me what nonsense you are speaking,” Zoe asked.
“It is the second coming,” said Vince.
“The Dunwich Horror,” said Graham.
“Here in our own woods.  I knew.  Don’t tell me that I didn’t know.  I have always felt that there was something special here,” said Vince.  “Don’t tell me you haven’t felt it too.”  He reached out to take Zoe’s hand.  To his surprise she did not pull away.  His eyes well adjusted to the moonlight, he could make out the slightly mystified, dreamy expression on her face, utterly different to the look of confrontational belligerence when she had first arrived.  She looked like someone experiencing a reverie; momentarily escaped into a world of her own.  One-handed, he flicked his lighter again, wanting to see her expression more clearly, but with the burning flame so the moment was lost.
Zoe pulled her hand away, “I still don’t know what the fuck you are talking about,” she said angrily.
“It’s H. P. Lovecraft,” Graham explained.  “The Cthulhu cult.”
“You mean fiction,” said Zoe, exasperated.
“It’s not fiction,” Graham continued, “That’s right isn’t it, Vince?”  He looked at his friend for confirmation.  Vince waiting to see which way Zoe jumped, maintained his silence, forcing Graham to continue, “People think it is fiction, but it’s not.  Lovecraft was just protecting himself, not wanting to reveal that he had discovered an ultimate truth.  You now, stumbled upon a secret that could have singled him out, made him a possible victim.  So he wrote what he knew, as a warning, but disguised them as stories.  That’s what you said, wasn’t it, Vince?”
“Something like that,” said Vince, hesitantly.
Zoe was more assertive, “Oh, what rubbish.”
It was left to Graham to defend his beliefs, “No, it’s true.  Honest it is.  There are papers.  You know, old papers.”
“Where?”
“Actually, I think most of them were destroyed.  But Lovecraft writes about them.  They did exist.”
Vince decided it was time to wade in on the side of Cthulhu: if any more explanations were left to Graham, Zoe would be forever lost to the Mythos.  Like all good teachers, he started with a question, “What is reality?  Answer me that.”
Graham started to open his mouth, the literal machinations of his mind about to be expressed in hesitant oratory, but was silenced by Vince’s upheld hand, the meaning of which was only too apparent even in the evening half-light. “Perhaps I can be allowed to continue.
“Lovecraft invented a reality.  A personal cosmology.  Who can say whether it is any more right, any more real, than the one that you and I take to be the norm.”  
When he chose to, Vince could be an accomplished speaker: he had a charisma of a sort, and he sensed, in the darkness, that he had succeeded in grabbing his two companions’ silent attention.  It made him feel powerful.  He could not help smiling to himself.  It was a nice feeling.  Almost as nice as the soft touch of Zoe’s palm when it had momentarily encircled his own.  “He talks about ancient civilizations, long lost to our own history and to our own records, buried beneath the waves, and of primordial cults and sacrificial rituals and creatures that rise up to enslave and tyrannize the human race.”
“And what do these creatures look like?” asked Zoe.
“Indescribable.  Grotesque.  Shapeless.”
“Try describing,” Zoe insisted, adding sarcastically, “Just so I’ll know when I bump into one.”
It was Graham that elucidated, “Half man, half octopus, half...”
Vince interrupted him, “The ancients take on many forms.  Some are totally alien to our comprehension, others may look superficially human with only minor characteristics which belie their aquatic origins, webbed feet perhaps, or small gills on their neck.”
“Gills?”
“Or long talons.”
“And what would one of these creatures be doing in Watford?”  Zoe had listened to Vince’s explanation, but was far from being transformed into a believer in the Cthulhu Mythos.  The scream, though, went some way to convincing her.  The three teenagers froze rigid, as the same cry that they had heard a few evenings before rent the air once again.
“Cthulhu fhtagn, Cthulhu fhtagn.”  Vince had risen to his feet and with arms held aloft was calling out the bizarre phrases.  “R’yleh, R’yleh, let me join you.  Come on.”  He beckoned for Zoe and Graham to join him in his evocation.
Graham started to stand, ready to follow his leader, but Zoe clasped him by the wrist, shouting, “What do you think you are doing?  Have you both gone mad?  Whatever it is in those woods, and I don’t for a minute believe it is any of this ancient civilization rubbish you’ve been spouting, but whatever it is I don’t think we should be drawing attention to ourselves.  It sounded... wild.”
“Dangerous too,” said Vince with relish.
“Dangerous?” Graham gulped, his voice practically a whisper.
“You haven’t heard about the dog that was attacked then?”
“No, when was this?”
“Last weekend.  The last time we heard the call.”
“What happened?”
“It had had its throat cut and all of its blood drained.”
“How did you hear...?” Graham started to ask.
“I’m leaving.”  Zoe jumped to her feet, but Vince managed to detain her.  He encircled an arm around her waist as she made to move.  She pushed him off with both hands but she didn’t attempt to run.  “Get off me.”
Without realising, the three had formed a makeshift circle and now all fell silent, listening, waiting to see if the cry from the darkness would be repeated.  It was Graham who finally spoke, “Should we all hold hands?”
“Whatever for?” asked Zoe.
“I don’t know.  I just thought that was the sort of thing you were supposed to do.  You know, when you are raising... you know, demons.”
“What?  Don’t be ridiculous.”
Vince was more sympathetic to his co-conspirator, “No, Graham is right.  You asked, why the creature should turn up here, Zoe.  Well, isn’t it obvious?  We are the reason.  Our night-time meetings.  Isn’t it how I described it would happen?  The creature has come to our summons.”  Vince once again took the opportunity of taking Zoe’s hand, at the same time feeling Graham’s fingers extended, searching for his other hand, in order to complete the circle.  “Our prayers have been answered.”

•••

Rob knew that she would not be coming by nine o’clock but he waited an extra quarter of an hour just in case.  He had nothing else to do.  The evening was already wasted.  He lit a cigarette and sucked upon it angrily, the smoldering tip a furious glow amidst the black trees.
It had happened like this before; she couldn’t get away.  He had suggested that he buy her a mobile phone so that she could at least warn him, but she had said that her father would find it and take it away.  Or more crucially, want to know where she had got it from.  Discovery would mean the end of their relationship.  In the meantime, it was the very clandestine nature of their nocturnal couplings that was the greatest attraction.  Perhaps the only attraction, Rob wondered.
He had a privileged background compared to Janet, he realized.  It was not something he had ever had to think about before, such had been the closeted nature of growing up in ‘the village’, as it was known.  Middle class families going to middle class schools playing in middle class streets; little opportunity there to meet a Janet.  She had lived her life in an equivalent isolation, so she had told him, but to twenty-year old Rob the nomadic existence of a longboat family sounded infinitely more romantic than his own stultifying home-life.  It also sounded far, far tougher, if the stories Janet had told him about her parents were to be believed.  The one hand he had buried deep inside the pocket of his coat for warmth he clenched instinctively, at the memory of her account.
“They are always drunk,” she had said, “that’s when they are at their worst.  Dad, he just loses it completely sometimes.  Neither of us know what to do then.  I lock myself in my own cabin, but mum, she has nowhere...”  Janet had broken down in tears at that point.  Rob remembered trying to comfort her, putting his arm around her shoulders and holding her tightly to him.  He wanted to help her but, realistically, what could he do?  He liked Janet, liked her a lot, but he was under no illusion that he also liked the fact that the circumstances of their relationship meant that he could also keep her at arm’s length when he chose: he had never introduced her to any of his friends, never intended to, and certainly not to his parents.  They would be shocked.  On second thoughts, perhaps he would introduce her to his parents.  Janet was his rebellion, and it would be toothless if it passed by unnoticed by the very people he was most determined to kick against.  Beyond that, though?  There was no future in it.  He had no wish to save his girlfriend from a violent household only to end up being saddled with the responsibility for her himself.  Household?  It wasn’t really a term you could use when talking about a barge, was it?  Rob had occasionally watched the barge community from a distance, both when he had been with Janet, but also sometimes on his own: they were a queer bunch, he had decided.
He took a final puff on his cigarette and flicked the still burning stub into the darkness.  On a warmer, dryer evening he would have been conscious of the potential danger of starting a fire, but under the canopy of the branches the weak daytime sun from earlier on had had no opportunity to penetrate and the ground had had little chance to dry out, the earth still feeling soggy and yielding beneath his feet.  Cold too.  He stamped his feet up and down in an attempt to get a bit of feeling back in his toes.  He illuminated the dial on his watch: nine-twenty, it was still early.  The temptation was strong to sneak down to the vessels moored along the towpath and attempt to see if he could snatch a glimpse of Janet.  He had tried this once before, several weeks ago when he had been similarly stood up, on that occasion without success, the curtains having been pulled firmly shut across the window to which he knew was her cabin.  Still, it was worth a try again.  There was something about the longboats that he found compulsively fascinating.
It was hard not to make a noise in the dark woods; there was much plant debris on the ground and his vision was not sufficiently attuned to the limited light to be able to avoid the worst pitfalls.  As if to illustrate the fact, at that moment, he felt his foot catch on a protruding root and he took a headlong tumble in the darkness.
“Shit!”  He pulled himself awkwardly up to a crouching position, his coat snagging on a sharp twig that required him to shake it loose, and rubbed his hands together attempting to remove some of their acquired dirt. He cursed himself for not having put his gloves back on after he finished his cigarette.  His fall had sounded loud to him, but he was still some distance away from the canal and the towpath, and he felt confident that there was no one around to hear him.  Does a falling acorn make a sound if there is no one there to hear?  Enough cod philosophy.  He laughed to himself at the thought, stood up, and immediately cracked his head on a low branch immediately above him.  “Shit!”  He would have to be more careful, both if he was not to be discovered as he approached the boats, and also for the self-preservation of his increasingly bruised body.
The fall had slightly disorientated him and, where before he had thought that he had been following something like a forest trail, he now came up against what seemed like an almost impenetrable barricade of sharp, prickly undergrowth and stunted, spiky trees.  He felt in no danger of actually getting lost, the camber of the ground sloped away unmistakably, and he only had to keep going downhill and he would eventually reach the canal at some point.  It was just a question of how far out of his way he would have to go in order to find a path through the trees in the direction that he required.  Perhaps this night-time jaunt wasn’t proving to be such a good idea, after all?
It felt like fighting against an enemy that was never exhausted of resources; no sooner had he battled past one arboreal obstacle, another one reared up to challenge his progress.  Effectively blind in the evening gloom, he was prodded and poked on all sides by invisible branches, snagged and restrained by unresisting boughs.  His face was scratched where a pliant twig had whipped him like an invisible cat-o’-nine-tails, and he was sure that his coat was torn.  Despite the cold weather, he could feel a bead of sweat running down his back at his exertions.  It was no good, he would have to stop for a moment and try to get his bearings again; this endless struggle against an interminable foe seemed increasingly fruitless.
It was just as well for Rob that he did pause at that moment.  If he had not he never would have heard the footsteps and, perhaps more importantly, would undoubtedly have been heard himself.  As it was, he was able to crouch down in the dense undergrowth and listen to the sound of heavy breathing and soft steps padding by, uncomfortably close at hand.  It was not Janet, he was sure of that.  She would not have been so conspicuous.  The breathing too, it had sounded like a man, and an elderly man at that, struggling to catch his breath; a harsh rattle deep down in the lungs somehow intrinsically interwoven into the normal rhythmic noise of aspiration.  Perhaps another member of the barge community?  Whoever it was, Rob had no desire to bump into him.  His own mission was purely covert: see and not be seen.  The one aspect of the encounter that did hearten Rob was the fact that this deep-breathing noctambulist had been moving at significant speed; nothing like a run of course, but given the darkness and the nature of the terrain a steady walking pace was impressive.  There must be a path close at hand.  Perhaps his days of battling trees were almost at an end.
The woods were silent again and Rob judged that it was safe to move on.  In the daytime, with the cacophony of conflicting noises, it is often difficult to determine in which direction a particular sound has come from.  At night, it is sometimes easier.  You have fewer senses to rely upon.  The ones that are of use have to be functioning accurately.  Rob was sure that the sounds that he had heard from the wood’s other inhabitant had come almost directly to the right of him and so, for once abandoning the downhill route, he struck out sideways, hopeful of encountering a clearer path.  Luck was with him.  He had only to circumvent a large, uprooted tree stump and negotiate his way through a particularly thick clump of - judging by their sharp thorns - brambles, and he found himself in a wide clearing, from where he could even glimpse the tell-tale lights of the houseboats at the end of a straight avenue beneath him.  He quickened his speed.  He was no longer too bothered if he did encounter someone on the path now: it might not be an altogether normal pursuit - to be strolling the woodland pathways by moonlight - but it was a good deal more understandable than to be discovered crouching in an obscure thicket, obviously with the intention of concealment in mind.  As it was, Rob’s luck still held.  He reached the towpath unseen, only to discover that he was within a matter of a few yards of his intended objective: Janet’s barge.  He could see from where he stood, at the edge of the trees, that the curtains were once again closed across the window which he knew to be Janet’s, but a light was shining brightly through the next window along: a small round porthole, high up in the superstructure of the vessel, more consistent with the typical fenestral architecture of a boat, but perhaps too insignificant to warrant a night-time blind.  It was an opportunity too good to miss.  Although he had studied the bargees by day, a glimpse into their after-dark world was almost irresistible.
The loose gravel on the towpath crunched noisily beneath his feet, but he had already decided that it was safer to approach the longboat openly and attempt to casually glance through the porthole, rather than opt for stealth and surreptitiousness, which would be hard to explain should he be noticed.  The chances were that there would be no one about to either see or care.  He drew level with Janet’s window.  There were no sounds from within and no chink of light showing through where the curtains were not quite precisely drawn across.  She was either out or fast asleep.  Rob was already aware of a noise from the neighbouring cabin; voices - it sounded like two men - raised in apparent argument.  The longboat was pulled up very tight to the side of the canal, the ropes that secured it fore and aft wound numerous times around their mooring poles allowing no slack for the vessel to drift, and so with no gap between the path and the sides of the boat Rob was able to silently edge himself along the barge’s flank, hand-over-hand like a mime artist imitating coming up against a brick wall, until he was able to peer in the corner of the small porthole.  The room he saw beyond was brightly lit and from the absolute darkness outside, Rob was confident that as long as he made no sudden noise or movement, he could observe without any fear of being seen himself.
There were two men, both in their fifties, so Rob guessed.  One he recognized as Janet’s father - she had pointed him out on several occasions - the other man was a stranger to him, although judging from the superficial similarity, Rob wondered if it might not be her father’s brother.  Strange that Janet had never mentioned him, though.  Both men had white hair, Janet’s father’s long, lank and discoloured with grease, the other man’s cut short, almost in a crew-cut style.  They both had deeply lined faces, making them appear perhaps older than they actually were and Janet’s father’s sun-burnished skin was blotchy and pricked with red maculae, florid like a football manager, a sign of the habitual drinker.  It was the stranger, though, that was currently speaking, his voice now more conciliatory, the tone lower so that Rob had to strain to catch the words he said.
“I’m sorry, I don’t have it any longer.”
Janet’s father was still angry.  “What!”  He swayed unsteadily on his feet as he lurched across the room, attempting to grasp the other man’s coat, to pull him closer towards him so that he could not escape the confrontation, but his alcohol-addled balance caused him to cling to a wooden chair for support, before that too tipped over, depositing both man and seat on the floor of the cabin.  The tumble knocked some of the fight out of the man.  He allowed his companion to help him back to his feet and guide him into the righted chair.
Now it was Janet’s father who seemed more defeated.  He shook his head slowly from side to side, saying, “Just go, will you.  Just go.”
“You haven’t told me when they will be ready.”
“I don’t know.  I need to speak to someone first.  These things take time.”
The short-haired man seemed to stifle a laugh, or was it more a snort of derision, “Time!  You talk to me about time?”
“I’m sorry.  It was a figure of speech.  I’ll get them.  Okay?”
“I need some food too.”
The long-haired man waved his hand towards what Rob presumed was the galley area of the boat, saying, “Take whatever you want,” adding as the other man turned to leave, “When will you be back?”
“Soon.  Same signal as usual, okay?”
From his viewing post, Rob realized that to delay any longer would be to risk bumping into the shaven-headed man when he left the boat.  Even to be discovered on the towpath would now appear rather suspicious.  As quickly and as quietly as possible, Rob shrank away from the boat’s cover and found for himself a place of concealment just off the path, behind the trunk of a large beech tree, from where he could still see the moored vessel.  He held his breath, trying not to make a sound, but he only had a few seconds to wait before a figure emerged from the door at the front of the barge, the wooden portal swinging back behind him with a bang that sounded unnaturally loud in the near darkness, and then hurried directly past the unseen Rob along the towpath, before turning left and disappearing into the woods heading, as far as Rob could judge, along the same path that Rob had followed earlier.
Rob mentally counted to twenty and, not hearing any sound of footsteps on the path or any other indication that the man he had seen was returning through the trees, he stepped out from his place of hiding and, with brisk strides, began his own homeward journey along the towpath.  The darkness was all-enveloping as soon as he was away from the longboats’ lights, but he knew that the distance to the canal bridge was not far, and from there it was only a short way through the park and across the estate to his own house.  He was ready for a warm bath and something to eat.  It had been a rather cold and fruitless evening.
Unbeknown to Rob, one pair of eyes was watching his retreating form. They had studied him with interest from the moment that he crept up to the barge, had lost sight of him while he had been occupied peering through the porthole, but had followed him again as he hid behind the tree and subsequently reappeared.  Tal Turner lay on his back on top of the blue tarpaulin that covered the front of his own barge, moored on the opposite bank, directly across from the longboat owned by Janet’s family.  He took a final drink from the bottle of beer that he held, upending the glass container to make sure that every last drop was drained before propelling it in a wide orbit, hearing it land with a satisfying splash in the water some distance away.  He recognized Rob.  He was the bloke that was seeing that Janet.  He knew Janet too.  Only too well.  From the top of his barge he could see directly into the window of her cabin.  She might modestly draw the curtains on the landward side of her quarters, but Tal knew from nightly experience, that she must assume - incorrectly - that she could not be seen from the opposite bank of the canal, when she undressed every evening.  He smiled to himself in the darkness.  People were always surprised at his simple life; at the lack of mod cons in his humble floating abode, but who needs a T.V. or a fancy video recorder when the entertainment is laid on.
Tal put his hands behind his head and lay back so that he could look directly up at the night sky.  He smiled again.  As well as recognizing Rob, he recognized Rob’s type.  A college boy.  Someone with a few paper qualifications, perhaps even letters after his name; someone who had regularly attended school and was a credit to the education system.  Tal might not have been able to quote quite so many academic references or fall back upon such a solid background in schooling if he had to write his own personal curriculum vitae, but one thing that Tal knew was that knowledge is power.
Chapter Six: Wednesday

“By 1966 reports of sightings of the Surrey puma were becoming more common, to such an extent that it was mooted that there might be more than one creature at large in the countryside: the Crondal Cougar and the Munstead Monster were born by imaginative journalists.”

Art looked in the bathroom mirror and sighed.  He examined his reflection with a critical eye, at the same time rubbing his hand across the stubble on his chin.  He hadn’t shaved for four days.  Hadn’t seemed to find the time, somehow.  He hadn’t had a bath since Monday.  It was just as well that he was not going to work today, his fellow commuters would start complaining if he delayed his ablutions any longer.
Luke was safely in his playpen in the lounge, trapped in his little four-by-four padded domain.  Art reckoned that he had about twenty minutes grace before he started bawling; he was usually quite content to play on his own, first thing in the morning when he was still half-asleep, and it gave Art the opportunity to have a wash, brush his teeth, and make himself something for breakfast.  If he was really lucky, he could sometimes even manage to read a bit, over his toast and coffee.  This morning he had opened the letter from Amanda that had arrived the day before.  He knew it was from her the second he saw the envelope waiting for him on the front doormat beneath the letterbox: even though the address had been typed, he recognized the tiny, functional U.S. postage stamps and saw the New York franking marks.
She was doing well: that was good.  She had sent him a cheque: that was handy.  She had gone to a film premiere: that was interesting.  She had had dinner at Nobu, black cod: lovely, and also at A.D.N.Y., Alain Ducasse in case he didn’t know: he didn’t.  She had tickets for the opening night of The Crucible.  Arthur Miller.  He knew that.  With Liam Neeson: that was nice.  At the Virginia Theatre on Broadway: how pleasant.  He really didn’t look too bad, he thought.  Hair could do with a cut, but he could still get away with being taken for under thirty.  Couldn’t he?  Not too many lines.  And the woman in the park had definitely smiled at him.  She wouldn’t have done that if he had looked like a weirdo.  Would she?  The circulation of the magazine was going up: that was nice.  Her contract had been confirmed: that was good.  It looked like she would get a pay increase: that was very good.  She would be able to afford an apartment closer to the centre of town: terrific. She had been skating in Central Park: that was exciting.  He could still manage a twinkle in his eyes.  And most people said that he had a nice smile.  All his own teeth, too.  All except for that black one at the back which he needed to have pulled out.  No sign of a beer gut, now John couldn’t say the same.  Slim.  That would be an accurate description for him. And not short.  Although, not exactly tall either.  But then you could be too tall, so that was not always a good thing.  Big bloke, big ego, that was what he had heard one woman say.  Once.  She was definitely doing very well, no arguing with that.  And that was just great.  But she wasn’t going to be able to come home this month.  Deadlines, you know.  He guessed that he did.  Or next month either, because she had been invited to join some friends in the Appalachians.  Friends?  But she would try to get back some time after Easter.  She asked if he was well: which was nice.  And if Luke was okay: which was good.  Although she didn’t mention his birthday: which was strange.  Or ask if he was walking.  Or if he had had his M.M.R..  And she didn’t say that she missed them.  But she didn’t say that she didn’t, so perhaps that was a given.  Although she asked if he was happy, and she hoped that he was.
Happy?  Happy, darling?  It sounded like the sort of question that was either asked at the very beginning or at the very end of a relationship.  When you already knew that the answer was either a definite yes, or a definite no.  Happiness.  It was a path that Art had always made his personal ambition to follow, but sometimes circumstances could knock you from the ideal route.  He remembered a geography teacher that he had had in his first year of grammar school - Mr. Leighton, was that his name? - he was someone who, at the time, was widely recognized amongst the boys as a vindictive bastard; a bully who enjoyed humiliating his young charges; a teacher that you did not cross, with a quick-fire temper and a reputation for meting out punishment.  In hindsight, though, he was actually something of a forward thinker.  Perhaps even an inspiration.  Art recalled how he used to begin each lesson with a period of reflection, meditation almost, requesting the boys to sit quietly and relax; to feel the weight of their bodies on their chairs; to listen to the furthest sounds; to breathe, in and out, slowly and steadily; to empty their minds of all negative thoughts.  At the time, such talk was only further proof to the class of eleven year olds, that the man was quite clearly unhinged.  Now, he would probably be regarded as an early exponent of Zen teaching in the Western classroom.  A man ahead of his time.  A man who asked the big questions.  One day in class, halfway through a lesson on plate tectonics, he stopped and suddenly asked “What is the meaning of life?”  Hands were slow to go up - Mr. Leighton was not someone with whom you risked a wrong answer - but Art had always liked to consider himself something of a closet philosopher and raised his hand, only to find himself in competition in the “Me, sir.” stakes with his arch rival, the loathsome Brownan.  Art stretched his hand higher, desperate to be noticed, he knew the answer, he would have his moment, only for Mr. Leighton to turn enquiringly to his fellow pupil, “Brownan?”
Art was treated to a smug sideways glanced before Brownan answered, “To be wealthy, sir.”
Mr. Leighton smiled.  Not looking in Art’s direction, he called out, “Madison, anything to add?”
“To be happy, sir.  The answer is, to be happy.”
The day was won.  The memory still made Art smile, as Brownan received a sharp clip around the ear and was told to stand outside in the corridor, in abject humiliation, for the remainder of the lesson, and he, Arthur Madison, received the congratulations of his teacher, the plaudits of his peers, and an additional gold star in his exercise book.  To be happy.  It was a philosophy with which to guide one through life.  Art thought back critically.  To be happy.  By and large, it had stood him in pretty good stead.  And of the evil Brownan?  The last time that Art had heard any mention of him he had just made his first million as an I.T. consultant and was living in the U.S..  Sad.
Art shook his head and sighed once again.  His reflection had not greatly changed since last he looked.  He still hadn’t got around to shaving.  He stroked his chin one more time.  Perhaps he could put it off until tomorrow?

•••

“I’ve already told you,” said Michael Jones, annoyed now by the constant need for repetition, “I know nothing about any cash box.”
James Leigh was persistent, “So how do you explain your name appearing on one of these copy receipts we found inside?”
“Hardly likely to have a receipt made out to myself, am I now.”
Even Leigh could see the logic in this, but he was not prepared to let Mick Jones off so lightly, “So, what is the receipt in connection with?”
“You what?”
Leigh took pains to spell out what he meant, “I am asking you what it was that you purchased that this receipt relates to?”
Jones was still defiant, “How should I know.  I buy plenty of stuff.”
“But this is hand-written.  Most shops give a printed receipt.  So was this for something special?  Take a look at the writing.  Do you recognize it?”
Jones barely glanced at the scrap of paper, “No.”
“It is dated only two weeks ago.  Surely you must remember what you bought?”
“Mr. Leigh,” Mick Jones’s voice was weary as he tried to explain, “I buy lots of goods for the farm.  Food for the animals.  Fertilizer.  Plant, you know.  I pay up front.  Normally with cash.  Sometimes I get a receipt, sometimes I don’t.  Most of my suppliers are like me.  Smallholders.  We exchange services.  How am I supposed to account for every last penny?  I’ve got better things to do with my time.  This receipt,”  he took the paper from the detective’s hand and examined it more closely, “it’s got no name on the top, no description of what it’s for.  I really don’t know.  I’ve never seen it before.  Perhaps you should be investigating reports of missing cash boxes, this has got nothing to do with me.”
James Leigh was not convinced by Jones’s denial but he took back the receipt with a “Thank you for your time.”
Feeling more confident, Mick asked, “And what about my property?  My knife and stuff, any sign?  What is happening with your investigation of them, that’s what I’d like to know?”
“You’ll hear from us as soon as we find out anything more.”  If it sounded rather like a threat, it was meant to.

•••

Luke’s playpen was a surreal world of pale blue cats, furry frogs that laughed when you sat on them, and wild, misshapen humanoid forms - the home-knit manifestation of a clearly disturbed mind.  Luke sat amidst the chaos and chuckled to himself.  He lifted both arms up in the air and then threw himself forward so that his legs and body were almost parallel to one another, displaying a suppleness of torso that would have been the envy of an Olympic gymnast.  He straightened up and laughed again.
Art watched him with a mixture of amusement and bemusement from the concealment of the kitchen door, from where he could see and yet not been seen, and wondered - not for the first time - if his son was not entirely normal.
Chapter Seven:  Thursday

“The first photographic evidence of the Surrey Puma was inconclusive.  Two photographs taken in 1966 which purported to be of the elusive beast are so blurred that it is impossible to discern whether the image is even of a cat, big or not.”

“The local paper came out yesterday.  Let me read you the article.”  Art shook the newspaper, folding it back on itself so that the relevant page was facing him.  “Here we go.
“Big cat loose in local woods.”
“Not a very snappy title.”
“No, but it gets the message across.  There is a picture too.”  Art handed the newspaper across to John so that he could see the black and white image.
“That’s a lion,” John complained.
“I know.” Art sounded resigned.
“You’re not seriously suggesting...?”
“No, it must just have been a stock photograph from the newspaper’s archive.  You’ve got to admit, it is quite eye-catching, though.  And for an editor, that is what matters more than factual accuracy.”
“I guess so.  Anyway, read away.”  John handed the article back to Art.
“Okay.”  He took a sip of his beer to moisten his mouth before continuing.  “A gruesome discovery, made on a small farm in the environs of Watford, has sparked concerns that a dangerous wild cat is at large in the neighbourhood.  They’ve actually spelt ‘neighbourhood’ wrong,” Art interrupted his own flow, in order to show his companion the offending word.
John was getting impatient; he had begun to read the article for himself as it was held in front of him, “I know all this.  Has your friend found out anything new?”
“Nothing much.  Here, let me continue.
“Blah, blah, blah.  The marks on the body of the dog are consistent with those made by a large carnivorous animal, most likely a puma or a panther.  There have been no actual sightings of the mysterious creature, although there have been several reports of strange howling noises at night both in Cassiobury Park and the surrounding Whippendell Woods.  There have been no reported escapes of a large animal from any of the local zoos or known collections, but this does not discount the possibility that a breeding population of non-native wild cats has managed to establish itself in this country.  Big cat sightings are not uncommon in other parts of Britain... blah, blah.  It goes on a bit about the Beast of Bodmin,” Art went on to explain.  “Sensationalist newspaper stuff, you know.  They’ve even nicknamed the creature the Cassiobury Cougar.  That won’t catch on.”
“Is there any mention of you?”
“What?”
“I thought that you said that you might get a credit.”
“No, not a word.  Still, Trevor’s not known for keeping his promises.  Anyway, I don’t know if I really want to be associated with this type of misreporting.”
“It’s hardly front page stuff, is it,” said John.
“No, tucked away on page seven,” agreed Art, taking his friend’s words literally.  “Nevertheless, it will probably get noticed in certain circles.”
“Oh?”
“There is a well-organized network of A.B.C. spotters, for want of a better word.”
“You’ll have to get a move on then, won’t you.”
“How do you mean?”
“Well you don’t want someone else to bag your big cat before you, do you?  Not when it is on your own turf, as it were.”
“No, I suppose not.”
“Wouldn’t do your reputation much good.”
“What reputation?”
“Well you said yourself, you’ve got to start somewhere.  Correct me if I’m wrong, but I’m guessing that it would actually be fairly big news if you did manage to come up with some evidence to prove that there was something loose in your woods.”
“Yes,” Art sounded unconvinced, anticipating from past experience that John had some angle in mind.
“And the person, whoever it may be, who comes up with this proof, would become something of a minor celebrity.  It’s happened before, hasn’t it?  Local, perhaps national, news coverage.  T.V. appearance even.  There’s got to be the possibility of a book deal in this.  No?”  John continued seeing the puzzled expression on Art’s face,  “All I’m saying is that if you genuinely think there is something to be found, make sure that you are the one that does it, because if you don’t it sounds as though there will be plenty of other opportunists out there racking up to beat you to it.”
“It would certainly do my standing no harm in the world of cryptozoology,” Art was forced to agree.  “It’s just finding the time.  What with work, Luke...”
John interrupted him, “Make time.  If it’s important to you.”
Art was looking at his friend slightly mystified, “What’s got you so interested in this, all of a sudden?  I didn’t think you even believed in all this... What did you call it?”
“Crypto-nonsense.” John added, helpfully.
“So?”  Art began to smile slowly; the penny beginning to drop.  “You’re already counting pound notes, aren’t you?  You have a one-track mind.”
“Well, two-track actually,” John corrected, his head turning as an attractive barmaid lent over him to relieve him of his empty glass and wipe down their table.  He acknowledged her with a cheery “Thank you” before continuing, “Of course, I’m talking money, my friend.  You find this cat and it must be worth a few bob to you.  Surely you’d considered that?”
“Not really.”
“Oh, come on.”
“No, really.  Not everyone thinks like you, mate.  All the same...”  Now that he considered the financial implications of being a person that discovered a British Alien Big Cat, it was hard for Art not to find the idea attractive.  The things he could do.  The possibilities it would open up.  John brought him back from his daydream.
“We could all do with more money, couldn’t we?”
“Well, I certainly could,” Art agreed, “but you must be loaded already.  How much did you earn last year?”
“Not enough,” said John, suddenly serious.
Art noticed the change of tone in his friend’s voice, “Oh?  I thought that you were supposed to be the original fat cat.”
“You’d be surprised,” John began to explain, “I’m actually not in too good shape at the moment.  It’s a passing phase, you know.  Things will pick up again.  Just a few too many bills all coming in at the same time.”
“But you must have savings?”
“What makes you think that?”
“But you’ve always been so flush.  You’re always buying new stuff.  And the big house...”
“Exactly.  None of it comes cheap.  Jessica doesn’t know anything about this, but actually we’ve rather over-stretched ourselves.  I was relying on getting a decent bonus at Christmas.  The firm has been very generous in the past.”
“Yes, so I’ve heard.  I’ve read about those City bonuses.”
“That’s just it, I’m not in the City anymore.  The culture’s different up on Euston Road.  The shareholders have been complaining too.  I wouldn’t be surprised if the C.E.O. is preparing the company for a take-over.  It’s happened before.”
“So how bad is it?”
John scratched his neck, “Pretty bad.”
Art was thinking about the cheque he had just received from his wife.  It wasn’t much; certainly wasn’t the sort of sum that he was sure that John was talking about - when John spoke of money he talked in tens of thousands, millions sometimes; when Art spoke of money it was generally to count the change he had in his pocket.  “If you need...” he was hesitant even to mention the subject, not wanting to embarrass his friend with an awkward gesture, “I mean... I haven’t got much, but if it’s just something to tied you over...”
John put his hands up to halt his friend, “No.  Hell.  Thanks, but no.  I didn’t mean you to think I was asking...”
“No, of course not.  I didn’t.  It’s just, you know, if there is anything I can do.”
“Thanks.  We’ll get by.  I’ll just have to put dreams of purchasing that forty foot catamaran in the Med. on hold for the time being.” he joked.  “As I say, it’s just a passing thing.”
The two fell silent momentarily.  Art drained the remainder of his drink before saying, “Good beer here.”
“Yes, good beer.”
Chapter Eight:  Thursday night

“By 1968 the police and local authorities had categorically denied the existence of any wild animals at large in the Surrey countryside, although reported sightings continued largely unabated.”

The Madisons could never be accused of being great migrators.  Travellers, perhaps yes: the various clan members had no shortage of overseas trips and extended journeys in their past history, but as for actually upping sticks entirely and settling in distant parts, it had never happened.  Art’s sister had once attempted to trace their family tree.  She had not got very far: it was before the days of internet, where genealogy advice is proliferate and accessible, and had required some considerable effort on her part in going around local record offices and libraries.  No one, not even her best friend, and certainly not her brother, would have ever described Helen Madison as being a conscientious, dedicated worker though - ‘idle’ was one adjective more commonly used; ‘static’ was another - and it was after less than a fortnight of toil that the idea of pursuing the Madison line had been shelved, in favour of more immediate and frivolous occupations, although not before Helen had managed to trace back six generations of her equally idle and static kin.
William and Mary Madison had lived in the Islington area of north London in the early years of the nineteenth century, had displayed none of the exotic ancestry of their earlier royal namesakes, and had succeeded in only further thumbing their nose to that particular crown line, by going on to produce five children, none of whom either managed to live beyond the age of thirty seven, or to roam further than the boundaries of Highgate and Hampstead.  It was to take a further fifty years before a Madison was to realize that there was life north of Muswell Hill.  The trend towards a northward migration was now firmly established though, and decade by decade, successive generations of Madisons crept imperceptibly up the country, first to Harrow, then to Mill Hill, on to Bushey and finally, dramatically, to leave behind their urban roots entirely, settling in leafy Hertfordshire, although perhaps more accurately, suburban Watford.
History was to reveal that Art and Helen’s parents were actually something akin to pioneers in the family: they had taken the decision to depart their London roots completely; to move right way; to achieve their ambition of living by the seaside.  It was to be a new era for the Madison line.  Within nine months they were back.  The coast was not for them.  The Madisons knew their place.
And now there was Luke.
“Would you be able to look after him tomorrow?  It would only be for a few hours.”
Helen was fixing her brother with a stern stare.  She was three years older than Art and still felt the occasional need to remind him of the fact, “What is it this time?  I know you are not working.  I’ve been looking after him all day today.  I mean, I know that I love him and all...”  She broke off speaking, to gaze fondly at the happy baby, who was wrapped up snugly in his padded blue coat, strapped firmly into his buggy, ready to be wheeled back out into the blustery weather again.  “But, I need a life too.  You hardly see him at all, at the moment.”
Art felt he had to defend himself against his sister’s last accusation, “I’m looking after him all the time.  It’s only when I’m at work that you have him.  You know that.”  He softened his tone, “You know I’m really grateful.  I couldn’t have managed these last few months without you.”
“I know.”  She began to speak angrily again, “It’s that bitch that...”
Art interrupted her, “I know you don’t like Amanda.  But she has her reasons.  I got a letter from her yesterday.”
“She ought to be here, with her family.  Not sending letters.”
“I know,”  Art tried to pacify her, “I know.  She sent a cheque.”
“Well that’s something.  What is it you want then?” she asked, resignedly.
“Just a couple of hours tomorrow morning.  If you could look after Luke, it would really help me out.”
“What time?  I’m meant to be meeting Sylvia in the town for lunch.”
“Oh, I’ll be through by then.  As early as possible.  Seven o’clock.”
“You’re joking.  I’m not even up by then.  It’s still dark outside.”  She suddenly sounded curious, “What exactly are you up to Arthur?”  Helen was the only person who still called him by his full name.  Since his early-teens he had managed to become universally accepted as Art, even by his school contemporaries, who were notorious for normally managing to extract every possible malicious pleasure from an unfortunate moniker.  Perhaps they considered Art to be a worse appellation than Arthur.  In adult life it was the way he always introduced himself - most of his current acquaintances would probably have responded “Who?” if asked about Arthur Madison - although there remained one wag in the library who would always insist upon calling him Lancelot, although as a joke it never succeeded in making anyone else laugh other than its originator.
“Nothing,” Art responded; amending his statement under the quelling gaze of his sister’s disbelieving scrutiny to, “Nothing much.”  He felt like he was regressing to the Arthur of his pre-teen years; the small child having to explain his actions.
“Nothing to do with this then?”  Helen pulled a copy of the local newspaper, crumpled and torn from where Luke had grabbed it earlier, from out beneath a pile of glossy women’s magazines.  It was already open at the article about the mystery cat.  “I still find time to read occasionally, you know.  Is this anything to do with you?”  Helen knew only too well of Art’s enthusiasm for the subject matter.
“No.  Yes.  I mean, it could be.  I just need...”
“A few hours tomorrow morning,” Helen completed.
“Yes.”
Helen smiled, “I had hoped that you might have been using the time to have your way with that woman you mentioned last week.”
“Which one?” asked Art, trying to sound innocent.
“Oh, more than one is there?” said Helen, mischievously.  “The one you couldn’t stop talking about.  The one you saw in the park.”  She continued, “I might have known though.”  She tapped the newspaper with her hand.
“Well?”
Helen ruffled her fingers through Luke’s sparse, golden hair.  The little boy looked up at her and smiled, showing four white teeth, two top, two bottom, and a chasm of empty gums beyond.  “Bring him around at seven.  I’ll be up.  Not a minute before, mind.  And remember, I’ve got to be off by twelve.”
“Thanks, Hel.  You’re a star.”  Art leant in to kiss his sister on the cheek.
“Yes, well just you remember that when you’re rich and famous.”
One man’s big cat hunt was fast attracting importunate dependents.  Everyone likes the opportunity to buy into a dream.

•••

The same wind that was howling around Art as he left his sister’s house to walk the three streets back to his own terrace home, was occasioning an overhanging branch to beat out a tympanic rhythm on the window of Vince’s bedroom.  After the initial annoyance, Vince had ceased to register the noise, it had blended into the general amalgam of the background sounds of the night: the rush of air down the flue of the chimney; the distant sound of the T.V. in the lounge downstairs; the rattle of water in the pipes as the radiators began to heat up.  The quiet, constant hum of his computer monitor; the dormant cursor flashing out an accusatory reminder.  Vince stared at the blank screen as if hypnotized.  He was low on energy and low on ideas.
The Lovecraftian idea had been a flop.  He had thought that he could impress Zoe with knowledge alone; had thought that she would be seduced by his recounting some of his own hero’s stories; entranced by the mystery and the power of the old master’s imagination.  He should have known that it would be no use trying to pass off second hand goods as new.  He looked around his room at his own assortment of old and used possessions: he knew a lot about second hand goods.  She had just mocked him; laughed at the idea that the Mythos could have come to their home-town; belittled him for his apparent gullibility.  And, of course, the idea was laughable.  A fool like Graham might be prepared to believe the fantastical, but Zoe?  Never.  And if she had, he would have probably ending up hating her for her credulity.  No, the whole idea was deeply flawed to start with.  Although...
That evening had not been entirely wasted.  At the end, when they had all joined hands and formed a circle, when Graham had prattled nonsensically about raising demons, and before the rain shower had sent them all scuttling back to their houses, just for a moment then, she had been turned on by something.  He had seen it in her eyes in the moonlight.  A passion, but also a vacancy, as though something inside of her had been spirited away.  There was something there that she believed in.  But what?
Perhaps it wasn’t knowledge but power that turned her on.  She appeared to like the idea that they were somehow responsible for the apparition in the woods; that he was responsible.  There was something he could use there.  He just needed to think it through a bit more thoroughly.  There is no shame in having to turn to a Plan B; the key thing is to know when to give up Plan A.  As if to somehow give physical credence to this mental shift, Vince crumpled up a blank sheet of writing paper that was resting on the desk in front of him, shaping it into a rough ball, which he threw distractedly behind him, missing the waste paper basket by some considerable distance, the missile, instead, coming to rest on the carpet, beside his bed.
A particularly violent burst of wind shook the windowpane and caused Vince to look up from his computer and stare into the obscurity beyond the glass.  It was a horrible night outside.  There was rain in the wind too, and wave after wave struck the window, like shingle being washed up on a shoreline, hard pellets of moisture delivered by each new gust.  It was why he had not gone out.  There seemed little point.  The others would not have ventured out on a night like this.  It had been just the same yesterday, too.  Fair-weather occultists.  He wondered why he wasted his time on them. Except, of course, he knew the answer.  Zoe.
He had fancied her from the first moment he had seen her; that in itself, something of a novelty for him.  He had always been considered a loner; someone who, from his early-teens, had somehow become isolated from his peers.  The boys at school did not trust him; the girls just thought he was weird.  He had tried to fit in, back then.  At the time, he would have given anything just to be accepted: to be one of the lads; one of the group that slunk off to the far end of the playing field at morning break and smoked cigarettes behind the games hut; or a member of one of the school teams, football perhaps, who would regularly be bussed off for fixtures at neighbouring schools, returning full of tales of bravado and camaraderie; or one of the group that hung around outside after school had finished, waiting for their girlfriends to arrive, linking arms and swaggering into town, self-conscious of the admiring glances of their loveless colleagues.  But he had never been accepted by any of these groups.  He had been labeled ‘an intellectual’, although back then the word that was more commonly used was ‘swot’.  Being in the top set for mathematics seemed to mean that you were automatically excluded from being cool; it was impossible to be both knowledgeable about Latin declensions and proficient at accurately throwing a cricket ball at pace.  Except, Vince was also vilified by the bookish brigade.  They were all solid citizens, from solid homes, studying towards solid future careers; some of them even played bridge at lunchtimes.  Vince’s home life could hardly have been described as ‘solid’.  He had never known his father: he had disappeared, never to reappear, when Vince was still an infant, very soon after discovering that his wife was pregnant again, with Vince’s sister.  His mother was prone to fits of depression and would disappear into the privacy of her own room for days, sometimes even weeks on end.  And so, it had fallen to the young Vince to take on the mantle of ‘man of the house’, looking after both his mother and his baby sister, plus maintain, as best he could, their large, ramshackle dwelling - a vast, five-bedroom, detached property, stuffed full of old, weird and wonderful possessions, that had been left to Vince’s mother by her own father.
It had been okay when he was much younger, then he had invited friends around to play; even invited some to stay over.  When he had been young it had been fine: his juvenile chums had loved the chaotic state of his house; had relished the freedom to do whatever they wanted.  There had been no one to complain if they made too much noise; no one to stop them from scribbling graffiti on the wallpaper; no one telling them that they couldn’t climb on the roof of the outhouses.  Once, Vince had even showed off to a bunch of compatriots, by climbing through a skylight in the sloping tiled roof above his second floor bedroom and clambering across the slates, returning to the ground by means of a tree and a convenient drainpipe.  But things had changed.  The young boys had suddenly become adolescents, conscious of girls and their own self-image; desperate to discard any shackles tying them to childish pursuits.  Suddenly Vince and his house were passé.  The dilapidated mansion that had once provided so much boyhood fun, was now an embarrassment, and Vince, who had not been so swift as some of his former associates to ‘grow up’ was yesterday’s man; worse, he was the freak with the strange mother who lived in a crappy tumbledown dump.  He was no longer someone to be seen with.
And so Vince had retreated into himself.  It was not a problem.  No, really, it wasn’t, he kept on reminding himself.  He was studious and solitary by nature and years of virtual isolation within his family had taught him to be self-sufficient and independent, both as regards his physical and his mental well-being.  He had his books.  He had his computer.  The internet was a source of human contact, albeit a pale shadow of the kind of attention that he craved; that seemed to be experienced by his fellow Man.  He had not actively gone looking for the black arts, not initially; it was more that the Devil had found him.  Like so many who turn to organized religion, he had needed a crutch in a crisis, and when he discovered that the traditional orthodoxy neither met his spiritual or earthly requirements nor particularly sprung up to welcome him with open arms, it was to the dark side of faith that he found himself being increasingly drawn.  He was already being treated as an outcast by an unsympathetic society, so why not embrace anarchy in its entirety?  He started dressing differently, started talking differently, began to read weird fiction and satanic texts.  He gobbled up Crowley.  He dabbled, experimentally, in occult practices.  Nobody seemed to particularly notice.
Zoe had been new to the school, and in her own way was something of an outsider.  She had joined at the start of the fifth year, her family having just moved from somewhere in the West Country, and although her pretty looks made her instantly popular among the boys, the girls tended to resent her, viewing her as an unwelcome intruder who had arrived too late to break into already well-established friendships.  Her accent had marked her as different too; a silly thing, but it was enough.  She was not in Vince’s form, nor doing any of his subjects, but there had been something about her that had stirred a hitherto unacknowledged feeling deep inside of the impressionable young man, and he could not help but notice her.  He could never put his finger on exactly what it was about her that he found so ... disturbing.  But it was his avowed ambition to attempt to.
The regular night-time meetings in the park had sprung up as the result of a casual remark that she had made about how she “loved the mystery of the dark”.  At first, she had just been enthralled by the freedom of being outside in the night air, an al fresco rebellion away from her parents, and Vince had thought that as the instrument that had brought about this liberty he would only have to wait a short time before she succumbed to his ethereal charms and yielded herself to his more earthly needs, but more recently she had become increasingly restive, nervy, like a domestic animal awaiting slaughter, critical of his assumed leadership, quick to mock his pantomime rituals and pseudo black magic ceremonies. It was a nuisance Graham following along too like the little lamb, of course, although he provided someone to be sacrificed to the sharpness of Vince’s wit and when it came to an audience he was at least an appreciative one.  He had been one of the very few old friends who had stuck by Vince through thick and thin, and although Vince most commonly regarded him with an ill-concealed mixture of contempt and impatience, Vince knew that he was not so blessed with alternative advocates queuing up to take his place that he felt able to prize off this particular limpet once and for all.
A cult of his own.  Now there was an idea.  What Vince really needed was to regain control, he realized; to be the star attraction of the group, not merely the ringmaster.  A new cult with himself as leader.  His right hand rested on the mouse of his computer and he moved the cursor around in agitated circles while he tried to think.  It would take a bit of planning, of course, but, now that he came to think about it, he had already begun to put things into motion.  That idiot journalist had got hold of the wrong end of the stick, of course, but perhaps he could still turn events to his own advantage.  He would have to act swiftly, though.  The rain was still beating on the pane of his window and a small amount of water was seeping through where the wood was rotten and had formed a hole in the surround.  It was no good delaying, he would have to go out.  He dragged down a menu on the screen in front of him and highlighted an option in order to turn off the machine, watching long enough to see the screen go dark and the light on the front of the monitor dim and then disappear.  His coat was hanging over the back of his chair, and still felt damp from earlier.  Vince made a hurried search through the pockets before putting it on.  He would need that phone number again too.
Chapter Nine:  Friday

“In 1968, a big cat was reported to have been shot by a Surrey farmer.  No body was ever released for examination though, and the claim was never officially substantiated.  The following year did see a decrease in reported instances of big cat encounters.”

It wasn’t exactly Tasmania.  Every hunt though, be it for a Hertfordshire big cat or for the glorious thylacine, must begin somewhere, Art reasoned.  Cryptozoology, like charity, should begin at home.
Cassiobury Park and Cassiobury House, when it had still been standing, had been the seat of the Earls of Essex for over three centuries.  In its heyday the park had consisted of over 300 hectares of designed landscape and many famous names in the world of horticultural history had worked on its trees and shrubs, on its lawns and borders, including Charles Bridgeman and Moses Cook, George London and Humphrey Repton.  Today only 77 hectares of the original park remain, much of the valuable open land having been snapped up in the early years of the twentieth century for housing developments.  The remaining landscape has changed too: what would have once been an exclusive hunting park for the monied aristocracy is now free to be enjoyed by everyone, and with the arrival of the larger public so in turn have followed tarmac paths, children’s play areas, football pitches, tennis courts, a miniature train ride, and a series of paddling pools.  The twentieth century has not entirely deprived the park of its wild side though.  The River Gade still winds its picturesque course, flanked by bulrushes and willow trees; and herons, mallards and moorhens wade in its clear, shallow waters.  The Grand Union Canal was an addition during the Industrial Revolution, but once across its dark waters, and beyond the golf course, Whippendell Woods give way to an area of relatively unurbanized land, stretching from Croxley Common Moor in the south to the villages of Chipperfield, Flaunden and Chenies to the west and north.  There was wilderness out here enough to hide a solitary puma.  Art had faith in this.  It would be a futile task indeed, not to approach the prospect of tracking down his quarry with a degree of optimism.  And belief.  The evidence was scant - almost non-existent - that there was anything unusual lurking in the woods, or even if there had once been, that it was still in the vicinity, but Art knew that he had to believe in his quest, otherwise it was a lost cause to start with.  And if he was unsuccessful?  Well, damn it all, it was an opportunity to indulge in a bit of boyish adventure for a morning, and since he had had the responsibility of looking after little Luke he had had precious few occasions to lose himself in a spot of fantasy.  The sun was shining, the sky was clear, the previous night’s winds had dropped and it was still barely past seven thirty in the morning.  Art enjoyed being out-of-doors; a bit of scrabbling around in the woods would be a tonic, if nothing else.
Art had done some research on his subject the night before.  He had searched on the web for both ‘big cats’ and ‘tracking’ and had accessed several informative sites, mainly based in the States, chiefly concerned with hunting cougars.  Well Cassiobury was hardly Yellowstone or Yosemite but Art thought the general principles of tracking would probably hold good whichever continent you were on.  He had decided, based on the evidence of other, previously reported A.B.C. sightings from around the country that, until proven otherwise, it was sensible to assume that his quarry was a puma.  Mountain lion, cougar, sometimes inaccurately panther, catamount: the books and internet sites called the animal a variety of different names, but none of the sources of information disagreed on the fact that pumas, although preferring to shun humans wherever possible, are also occasionally attracted by the offshoots of human activity: domestic livestock being the chief draw.  The puma, of course, is not a native species to the United Kingdom in the same way that it is in the United States, but as an escaped, or displaced, animal it is generally accepted that in terms of climate, environment and food supply, there is nothing in Britain which facilitates against such a creature living successfully in the green and pleasant land.
One thing that Art had discovered which he found initially depressing during his research, was that an adult puma has a hunting range of up to two hundred square miles.  The mutilated Alsatian had been discovered almost a week ago now: potentially that meant that his quarry could now be almost anywhere from Bedfordshire in the north, Cambridgeshire to the east, or Buckinghamshire to the west.  It was a vast area.  Belief.  Mustn’t stop believing.  Why should it move on?  There are plenty of small farms around: it has food here.  There are deer in the woods and plenty of smaller animals.  The trees provide a safe shelter.  If it had a reason to come here in the first place, it has a reason to stay.  It will still be here.  
At the outset of the day, it was easy to be optimistic.  Art walked briskly downhill, along the broad avenue of trees that led down to the river and the canal beyond.  He paused briefly on the wooden bridge over the River Gade and leant on the rail, peering into the waters beneath.  In his youth he remembered glimpsing fish swimming in the fast-running shallows, but it was rare that he saw any these days: it was probably just one of those false memories of halcyon childhood, like warmer summers, deep snow in winter, and bigger Mars Bars.  He had seen a grass snake, not so long ago, its small head barely visible above the surface of the water, weaving its unnerving, serpentine passage through the wind-blown ripples, until it reached the camouflage of the thick rushes and was lost to sight on the far bank beyond.  Art shivered.  Despite the sun it was still cold, and he was reminded that he needed to keep moving.  He had a tight schedule.
He followed the wide path which led to the second bridge, this time over the canal, and there, where the tarmac petered out, doglegged off to the right, avoiding the towpath, instead opting for a distinct dirt track, muddy and full of puddles from the recent rain, which followed a route parallel to the canal, but some distance further up the hillside.  This was the beginnings of the woods, although with the canal still visible through the trees on his left and the golf course only a short distance away to his right, Art knew that he still had some amount of walking ahead of him before he came upon any area private enough to play temporary home to his objective.
The purity of the early morning air, the absence of other human sounds, and the pleasure he derived from the unconscious activity of walking allowed Art’s thoughts to wander.  Initially he had been considering the puma, his elusive adversary as he had begun to think of it, and also about the rewards - both monetary and otherwise - should he, by some miracle, prove to be successful in his search.  He could help out John, lend him some money to get him out of the hole he was in at the moment; he could also pay Helen a proper wage for all the time and help she was giving him with Luke - she could always use the money.  And there was Luke too, of course.  Art smiled as he thought of his infant son, picturing him bouncing up and down happily on the mattress in his cot, holding on to the side rails, a big, chubby grin on his face.  He hoped he was okay with his sister.  Of course, he was: Helen loved him like her own and spoiled him terribly.  He had nothing to worry about there.  It felt odd, not having the buggy to push, though.  Art had become accustomed to walking along, hunched over the colourful conveyance, and the freedom of his current activity seemed an indulgence indeed, although, at the same time, there was always that nagging feeling with him as though something were missing, something that you couldn’t quite put your finger on, like when you leave your umbrella on the bus, or haven’t put on your watch in the morning.  His mind was wandering, he knew it.  It was an habitual problem with him, and if there was one thing above all others that he had gleaned from the tracking websites that he had visited the previous evening, it was the importance of keeping focused.
The track widened out to form a broad, straight path, rising up as if to form a short cut directly to the heavens, the pale blue morning sky filling Art’s entire field of vision ahead.  On either side of Art, lime trees, denuded of their own summer foliage but instead bedecked in vibrant green ivy, stood to attention like soldiers flanking the entrance of their leader.  No red carpet perhaps, but the ground was less muddy here, and the crunch of Art’s boots upon the loose stones combined with the twittering birdsong to form the only sound.  The manicured green and wide fairway of one of the holes on the golf course interrupted the broad avenue of trees.  A sign warned, ‘Beware Golfers, Look Left’.  They were Art’s sentiments exactly: he thought that all golfers should come with a public health warning attached - sartorial hazard - and that golf course designers were even more pernicious, their crimes against nature including deforestation, soil erosion, the creation of unsustainable ecosystems, and the introduction of vast amounts of artificial chemicals, fertilizers and pesticides into often fragile natural environments, whilst their creations were a spreading blight on the face of the English countryside under the excuse of sport.
The path was obviously not the sort of environment where he was going to make any startling discoveries, but it formed the swiftest means of conveying him to the farmland on the far side of the woods that had been the scene of the big cat’s only confirmed show, and Art had decided that his best plan of action would be to scour around the immediate scene of crime, and then work slowly backwards through the trees from there.  His backpack was already weighing heavy on his shoulders and he began to regret bringing along his camera: it was an old fashioned, heavy model, and the chances of actually capturing the animal on film were very remote.  Much more likely, and the sort of evidence that he was hoping to find would be a footprint, possibly some distinctive scratch marks on the trunk of a tree, maybe even some hairs or a scat if he was lucky.  Something that would stand up to scientific examination and persuade the authorities to conduct a full-scale organized search; something that would provide himself with a bit of political leverage to gain inclusion on any such investigation.  There were a lot of ifs and buts about the whole scenario.  He was a rank amateur; all that he could count as a positive on his side was his knowledge of the locality.  Positive.  He must keep a positive frame of mind.  Local knowledge, it would be enough.  And who knows, if he was successful here, it could lead to greater things: invitations to join other expeditions; the chance to mount an organized thylacine hunt.  That would be the ultimate prize.  Except, there was Luke to think about, he couldn’t leave him with Helen for so long, wouldn’t want to, and yet he couldn’t very well bring him along, the Tasmanian forests were no place for a young baby... He was day-dreaming again.  Snap out of it, Art.  Keep focused.
The path forked off in five directions, a handy sign at the junction indicating the various ways to Newland’s Spring, Harrocks, Lees and Merlin’s Woods, plus the car park in Grove Mill Lane.  The trail that Art took led straight ahead, down a steep incline, into a great depression in the centre of the woods.  The ground underfoot was still muddy, but was cushioned by a carpet of brown and rotting pine needles.  The deep imprint of horse tracks were visible in the mud, and Art side-stepped to avoid treading in a large pile of recent droppings.  There were numerous footprints too, although Art did not have the expertise to distinguish trainer from walking boot, court shoe from plimsoll.  Bike tracks criss-crossed the whole area too, further evidence that the current state of peace and quiet belied the fact that the woodland path was, at times, a well used thoroughfare.  Art could never walk these trails without imagining back to an earlier age, to an England as described by Hardy, when these footpaths would have been more widely used as a means of moving from one rural community to the next.  He knew that he romanticized this period, and that Hardy’s simple peasant folk would have probably given their eye teeth for a means of motorized transport rather than have to trudge the same old dreary tracks again, but he couldn’t help but think the modern byways and motorways had a lot to answer for.  John always joked that he was a New Victorian.  Art never took it as an insult.
A colourful fungus caught Art’s attention and he stopped to examine it.  Bright orange, it clung to the trunk of a tree in concentric bands, like the rings of gas and matter encircling the planet Saturn.  Off the path, under the shelter of the trees, there was a smell of dampness and decay.  The occasional drop of moisture still fell from the high branches, dislodged by the slightest cat’s paw of a breeze.  Art wiped away one large drop which had fallen onto his forehead and had begun to run down his face, making its icy progress towards the warmth of the collar of his coat.  He glanced at his watch.  Shit!  Time was getting on and he had done nothing.  He didn’t know it then but it could have been the mantra for the whole morning.
Three hours later was to find Art back in the same spot, this time hurrying in the opposite direction.  Twenty past eleven.  He would really have to rush if he was going to get back to his sister’s house for twelve o’clock.  It had been a vain pursuit after all.  There was nothing to find.  Not even in the travellers’ field where the Alsatian’s body had been discovered.  Now that all of their caravans had moved on, flattened grass and the black embers of an old fire the only evidence that the convoy had ever been parked there, and the police cordon had been lifted, Art had hoped that he might chance upon some clue that would hint at the killer’s feline identity, but there was nothing.  Still, it was important, in circumstances such as these, to remember the cryptozoology maxim: absence of evidence does not necessarily mean evidence of absence.  After all, what had he really expected?  Had he really imagined that one man alone in the space of a few hours would be able to solve a mystery that had had legions of enthusiasts speculating over decades of research?  Actually yes, he had supposed that he had.  Is there a Cassiobury A.B.C.?  A tougher one that: he was not a jot nearer to having an answer.  Why did he set himself these ridiculous challenges?  He could have just enjoyed a morning’s pleasant break in the fresh air, instead he felt frustrated at his lack of success, powerless at his inability to do anything differently, and slightly bruised where he had stubbed his toe on a protruding tree root and had fallen and grazed his hands.  Perhaps it is part of human nature, the need to strive for success, the desperate, child-like clamoring to be noticed.  Except for some people recognition seemed to come so easily.  Art had always considered himself something of a Stoic, not perhaps entirely oblivious to pleasure, but generally philosophical in his acceptance of pain.  If he was ever going to discover any evidence of a big cat, he had resigned himself to the fact that that evidence would not be handed to him on a plate.  He was going to have to suffer for his ambitions.  Other people would have classed him as a loser; Art preferred the politically correct variation, that he was achievement challenged.
The pocket of his coat was torn where he had snagged it on a branch and the lower half of his trousers were damp from his fall, and still muddy despite his best efforts to remove the worst of the grime.  He glanced at his watch again.  He should just get back in time, he was over the two bridges now, and back into the open expanse of the main park: five minutes up the hill, five more to reach the main road, and then it was only a few more streets to his sister’s house.  It would be tight but as long as he kept walking briskly and didn’t bump into anyone...
“Hello.”
So preoccupied had he been with the time, Art had almost walked into the young woman - the young woman - not having noticed her coming towards him along the path.  Suddenly, all that he could think of was the way he must look to her, his disheveled clothing, his wild hair, of all the times... of all the people...  “Umm,” he mouthed, incoherently.
“No buggy?”  She mimed the act of pushing the pram, her hands extended in front of her as she continued to approach.
Encouraged by the friendly smile on the woman’s face, Art had managed to regain some of his composure.  He looked around in mock horror as if he had only just realized that the pram was not still with him, throwing up his hands in imitation of surprise and panic.  The young woman’s smile widened.  She was now level with Art, although still walking in the opposite direction, and showing no apparent intention of either stopping or slowing down.  Another second and their two ships would have passed.  Acting the clown was not enough, he had to say something.  Now.
“No dog?”
It was not a great line, but it had the effect of making the woman turn back towards him, although not managing to halt her perambulation.  She pointed back the way she had come and where a large, golden retriever could just been seen, some distance away, emerging from behind the cover afforded by the broad trunk of a large oak tree.
“Chasing squirrels,” she explained.
Art nodded knowingly, “Of course.”  This time it was Art who was imitating the motion of pushing a buggy, adding, “I’ve got a day off.”
Now it was the woman who was nodding, saying jokingly as a parting comment, as she moved too far away to carry on a sensible conversation, “We should take it in turns.  You take my dog for a walk with you one day.  I’ll take your baby with me the next.”
“Yes,” agreed Art enthusiastically, “Yes...”  But he was talking to her retreating back.  The moment was gone.
He continued on slowly up the hill, glancing back several times, hopeful that the woman might be retracing her steps, noticing instead that she had taken the path which forked off to the left at the bottom of the incline, and which ran along parallel to the river.  Her dog had joined her now and was walking along obediently at her side.  What had he said to her?  He tried to recall the exact words of their exchange.  Had he said anything stupid?  Oh, he was bound to have done.  What he should have said was...  But then what had she said?  Art reviewed her words.  We should take it in turns.  That was almost an invitation, wasn’t it?  Of course, what he should have said then was...  Was?  Art knew that he was not quick at repartee.  He liked to have time to think and to consider his words.  That was one of the reasons why he generally preferred the written communication over the spoken one, there was more time to work out precisely the most witty reply or most apt comment.  How many times had he said something - or, more often than not, nothing - only to think of the perfect response several minutes - hours or days even - later.  Of course, this time, what he should have said was...?
What he should have said was, “Instead of taking it in turns, why don’t we do it together.”  Art began to warm to the idea, “My baby, your dog.  Why don’t we all go out walking together.”  Perfect.  Not too creepy.  Not too desperate.  After all, it had been almost her own words; her own sentiments.  If he could just rewind the clock... The clock!  Shit!  Art remembered the time.  Five to twelve.  He was going to be late.  He looked across again to where the young woman was still just in sight, the path that she was following bending slightly back upon itself, ending at the car park at the Metropolitan Station side of the park.  Perhaps it was not too late after all.
If he cut across the grass, he would possibly still have time to reach the far end of the path that she was on, and contrive to bump into her again before she reached the car park.  What could be more natural, than that he had walked a large circuit and innocently met her again coming in the opposite direction?  Of course, this time he would be prepared.  He had his reply.  Better late than never.  Late?  He thought of Helen again, and of little Luke; Helen would be anxiously looking at her own watch, cursing him for not being there.  She would be missing her lunch date.  It was now or never.  She wouldn’t mind, not when she knew what he had been late doing.
Anxious not to be seen, Art hared across the sloping grass expanse, surprising himself how quickly he arrived at his objective.  The river path weaved a tortuous course and he was able to rejoin it at the far end and still have time to assume a nonchalant step several minutes before his quarry came back into view.
“Hello again,” he hailed, while the woman was still some yards away.
“Hello.  Hey!  Here boy.”  The last words were directed at her dog, the energetic retriever having swiftly bridged the distance between herself and Art, and was attempting to leap up at the would-be suitor.  Art looked slightly apprehensive, but was reassured that “He must like you.”
She was smiling again as she caught hold of the collar of the hound and pulled him off Art, “I’m sorry about that.  Has he made you very dirty?”
Art looked down at his already muddy clothes, saying, “Don’t worry.  It’s nothing.”
There was an awkward silence before Art, realizing that he was actually physically blocking the young woman's path, added, “Oh, um sorry.  What it is is, I was thinking...”
“Yes?”
“About what you said...”
“Yes?”
“About taking it in turns...”
“Yes?”
“Well, I wondered...”
“Yes?”
“I mean, you've got a baby and I've got a dog... No, what I mean is, I've got a baby and you've...”
“Would you like to walk together sometime?”  The young woman finished his sentence for him.
They both smiled, relieved that lucidity had been achieved without too much embarrassment on either side, and that the substance of their thoughts had been communicated without any margin for misinterpretation.  Art even managed to rediscover something resembling the power of coherent speech in order to reply, “Yes.  Yes, I would, very much.”
“Monday, eleven o'clock.  Shall I meet you by the bridge?”
“Monday at eleven.  See you then.  I look forward to it.  See you then.”  Being late for Helen, John’s financial problems, the stinging pain in his grazed hands, the Alien Big Cat, the whole cryptozoology thing: at that moment none of it mattered one jot.

•••

“Most escapees are recaptured within the first twenty four hours.  It’s been over a week.  Of course I am angry.  I want to know exactly what is going on?”
Detective Inspector Phil Bacon was not a patient man.  His wife said so.  His friends said so.  His colleagues said so, although rarely to his face.  Detective Sergeant James Leigh decided - correctly - that this was probably not the moment for him to air his own thoughts on this subject.  Instead he said, “Yes, sir.  Of course, sir.”
The inspector said nothing, but his whole demeanour indicated that he was not going to be satisfied by platitudes.  Leigh was not strong enough, in the face of such obdurate taciturnity, to maintain his own silence for very long.  He might have had plenty of practice in his career of extracting information from suspects in similar interview situations, but he knew that he would quickly crumble if he should ever find himself on the other side of an interrogation.  He looked closely at his boss’s face, aware that the assumed expression of catatonia would quickly change to explosive animation if he were to say the wrong thing now.  There was no point hiding the facts, though.  After all, this was not a “what would you like first, the good news or the bad news?” type situation.  There was no good news.  He hadn’t even been able to nail that waster Michael Jones on any minor charge, let alone turn up any concrete information on the whereabouts of the missing David Sherry.  At the current moment in time he had no friends to fall back upon; the truth was all that was available to him.
“We have widened the search beyond our initially designated area.  Neighbouring forces are, of course, aware of the escape too; details of the fugitive have been widely circulated.  Of course, he could be miles away by now, not on our patch at all.” Leigh added, hopefully.
“And not our problem, you mean?”
“Well, it would make things easier,” Leigh conceded.
“Life is not easy.”  The volume control on Bacon’s voice had been cranked up several notches.  He suddenly changed the subject, a new thought occurring to him.  “Where was it that you were based before you transferred here?”
“Luton.”
“You surprise me.”
“Why?”
“I would have had you down as a Surrey boy.  Berkshire perhaps.”
“The accent?”
“Something like that.  Luton, eh.  Pretty rough up there.”  Bacon’s voice had softened slightly.  “Were you stationed there while the taxi wars were going on?”
“I was just a beat officer back then.  Still quite a bit of racial tension up there now though.  It’s a difficult community to police, needs a delicate hand.”
“I know, we get them down here for the football.  Or used to, before they got relegated, at any rate.  Been a few years since we saw the Hatters’ mob.  Be a few more years too, with any luck.  It wasn’t a delicate hand that was needed against that bunch of thugs.”
“It’s not the Asians that come down for the football though?”
“No, they’re fine.  No problems there.”
The two fell silent and Leigh wondered if he had managed to temporarily escape having to account for his lack of progress in tracking down the escaped convict, but in this he was out of luck, his superior officer’s digression proving to be only a temporary one.  “So, about Sherry?”
“We now know for positive that the break-in at the small-holding was down to him.  Sherry’s finger prints were found on the back door and in the kitchen by the S.O.C. team.  I’m sure the owner Jones knows more than he’s letting on.  We’re still keeping tabs on him.”
“What about existing family members?  Remind me, what did it say in the files?  He had a brother living here, or something.  That was why we were alerted in the first place, wasn’t it?”
“That’s correct, sir.  But he vanished back in the late eighties.”
“Vanished?”
“From the county records.  We know that his house was repossessed in 1989, after that nothing.  He disappears from the official records.  It wasn’t unusual at that time, of course.”
“Poll tax dodging.”
“That accounts for most of them.”
“No employment records?  Nothing?”
“Nothing.  We’re still looking, of course.”
“Any other family?”
“No.  The mother is long dead.  The father, you know about, of course.  That seems to be it.  If it weren’t for the prints at the farmhouse, I would think that we were looking in the wrong place.  It seems a very tenuous link to think that he would come back here just on the off-chance of seeing a brother who apparently moved on more than a decade ago.”
“Would he have known that?”
“Possibly not.  He didn’t appear to receive much mail while he was inside.”
“And you've got surveillance on the brother’s old property?”
“Yes, we warned the current tenants and they agreed to move out for a few days so that we could be in situ if there was any show.  Nothing so far and we can’t continue indefinitely.”
“The over-time payments?”
“Just the available officers, sir.”
“Well give it another couple of days.  If you have still drawn a blank after the weekend, we’ll think again.  What about his old school?  Could he still have any friends from that far back?”
“We’ve got a class list, but it is slow trying to trace people.  It’s been over forty years.”  James Leigh studied the face of his boss.  It was not a particularly pleasant countenance he concluded: fat, but rather too fleshy to ever be described as jovial; red, but rather too beetroot to ever be described as healthy.  He was not getting the total rollicking that he had prepared himself for, though.  He must have caught the old man on a good day.  James was suddenly aware that he was being dismissed.
“Okay, that’s all.”  Bacon’s complexion turned a slightly more over-cooked colour as he realized that his sergeant was not listening.  “What are you still standing here for?” he bellowed, “Haven’t you got a convict to catch.”

•••

Being late for Helen suddenly seemed very much more important.  It was almost a quarter to one before Art was finally opening the gate, leading to his sister’s house.  Helen was standing at the downstairs window, holding Luke in her arms, looking out for him.  She had the front door open before Art could ring on the bell.
“Where have you been?  I was expecting you an hour ago.”
“I know, I’m really sorry...”
“You knew that I had to go out.  This is the very last time that I do you any favours.”  Helen’s gaze suddenly took in Art’s disheveled appearance and her tone changed to one of anxious enquiry, “What have you been doing?  Are you all right?”
Art instinctively brushed his hands down the front of his trouser legs where the damp stains and mud showed up most noticeably, “Yes, I’m fine.  It’s nothing.  I just slipped over.  I really am sorry, Helen.  I was trying to get back, only...  How’s Luke?”  he asked, changing the subject.
“He’s fine.  Here have him.”  Helen handed the small child into the arms of his father.  Luke laughed, wriggled and snuggled his head into the warm collar of Art’s coat, squirming happily.  “You’d better come inside for a minute,” Helen added.
Luke’s buggy was parked in the porch, just inside the front door, and Art placed his son in the seat and fastened the straps around him to hold him securely in place.  “Have you got his coat?” he asked Helen, “We’ll get going straight away and let you go out.  Thanks so much for looking after him and I’m really sorry to have held you up.”
“It’s okay,” said Helen, more pacified now, “Sylvia rang up a bit earlier.  She couldn’t make it today, anyway.”
Now it was Art’s turn to sound aggrieved, “So...”
“So nothing,” Helen interrupted, “You weren’t to know, were you?  You were still late.”  Seeing Art preparing the buggy to go, she added, “Why don’t you stay for a bit of lunch, or are you doing something else?  I’ve got plenty of food here for Luke too.”
“You’re sure?”
“Yes.  You can tell me all about what you did this morning, and I’ll tell you about Luke’s new trick.”

•••

The orange mush dribbled down his chin and onto the collar of his vest, it felt warm and sticky where it touched his skin.  He had more of the mush in his mouth.  He didn’t particularly like the taste, but he felt somehow compelled to continue eating it.  The survival instinct had been strong in him from day one.  The nice woman he thought of as ‘ela’, the one that he saw every other day was laughing.  She had been laughing for what seemed like a long time, it made Luke want to laugh too, although he did not know what was funny so he only laughed nervously, looking anxiously back and forth from ‘dada’ to ‘ela’, trying to ascertain what was the reason for the merriment.  ‘Dada’ was not laughing, which confused Luke even more.  He was wiping at his face and looking at himself in the window on the wall.  Luke opened his mouth wide, waiting, expectant, like a baby bird in the nest.  He was bored trying to work out what was so funny.  Feed me, feed me, feed me.

•••

“Oh, why didn’t you tell me that I had mud all over my face?”  Art was looking in the mirror on the wall of Helen’s lounge, licking his fingers and rubbing away at his nose and forehead vigorously, trying to remove the offending grime.  “I look an absolute idiot.  What must she have thought?”
“She?”  Helen stopped laughing and arched her eyebrows, looking inquisitive.  “She who?”

•••

“Indian?”
“That’s just what Helen said.”
“Does she wear one of those...?”
“Saris?  That’s what Helen said too.  No.  Well, she hasn’t each time I’ve seen her so far.”
“What’s her name?”
“I didn’t ask.”
“But she’s Indian?”
“Well Asian, Indian subcontinent, I’m not sure where precisely.”
“You never told me that before.”
“You never asked.”
John sounded exasperated, joking, “How many times do I have to tell you, I have to have details.  Your sketchy descriptions are no longer satisfying my appetite.  I may have to consider joining a different sex chat-line.  This one is not proving value for money.”
Art exchanged the telephone receiver to his other hand, at the same time taking up a pen and doodling absentmindedly on the small pad in front of him.  What had started out as a quick call to his friend had turned into a major interrogation as soon as John had discovered that he secured himself a date.
“So Indian, eh.  So, what do you reckon your chances are?”
“Chances?”
“Of doing her.”
“John!” Art sounded scandalized, although he was secretly enjoying sharing his moment of romantic achievement.  “Is Jessica listening?”
“No, she’s in the kitchen.  So?”
“It’s not like that.  It’s just a walk in the park.  A mutually convenient arrangement.”
“That sounds like a very modern term for it.”
“I’m still a married man, remember.”
“And what exactly is your Amanda doing at this moment?  Tell me that.  Meeting her so-called ‘friends’ in the... where did you say, the Rockies?”
“The Appalachians actually.”
“And what do you think she is doing?  Just walking in the park?”
“Most likely.”
“Art, get real.  Look, I’m not having a go, I’m just saying you should seize the moment.  Don’t let Amanda stop you from having some fun.  She hasn’t exactly put any restraints on herself, has she?”
“It’s not like that.”
“Okay, have it your way, only... Hang on a moment, that’s Jessica calling.  I’m going to have to go, it sounds like dinner is ready.”
“No problem.  I just rang to see how you were... you know...”
“Financially?”
“No.  Well...”
“It’s not a problem, really.  Hey, when are you working next?  I can never remember your days.”
“Tuesday.”
“Friend at Hand at one o’clock?  You can buy me a beer and I’ll tell you.”
“Okay.”
“You can tell me how you get on, on Monday, too.”
“Monday?”
“With Pocahontos,” John prompted, knowing he was provoking a reaction.
“She’s not...”
“I know,” John laughed, “Just remember.  Have fun.”
Chapter Ten:  Friday night

“During the heavy winter snows of 1970 a set of large, cat-like, paw prints were identified and photographed in the snow laying in the back garden of the Fraser family.  The Surrey Puma was apparently still at large.”

Janet had returned yesterday morning.  Tal had seen her arrive with her mother.  He had been working on top of his own barge at the time, replacing a section of decking that had started to show signs of rot.  He had waved, but she had not noticed him.  Janet’s father had said something to them both as they had come aboard, something that Tal had not been able to hear, and then they had all disappeared inside.  He had not seen a sign of any of them since.  The curtains to Janet’s quarters had been kept firmly drawn, even during the daytime.  It was dark now and Tal, apparently to be denied his regular evening entertainment, was feeling restless.  He didn’t even have any beer left: he had wasted most of the previous day waiting to see if Janet or her family would re-emerge from their longboat, at a time when he would have normally trekked into town and stocked up on the week’s supplies.  Today had been just the same.  He had felt compelled to maintain his vigil until he saw Janet again and then the spell would somehow be broken, but in the meantime, the longer he continued to watch, the harder it was to drag himself away.  It was like choosing the same numbers each week on the National Lottery: fear that the very week you do not buy a ticket is the one week that ‘your numbers’ come up compels you to continue buying a ticket every week.  So it was with his surveillance - he had invested so much time in this pursuit now, that to chance missing the vital moment was unthinkable.  An activity which would outwardly appear to be inherently boring, it was actually greatly exhilarating: each new second having the potential to herald a change to the status quo.  It was the not knowing just exactly when, that provided the excitement.  Perhaps he really should buy himself a T.V.?

•••

“It was fantastic.”
“Oh, do shut up, Graham.”
Graham was not to be silenced so easily, “We both had guns and you have to blast away before the vampires get you.”
“I’m not interested in your sad Playstation games.  They are so last week.”
“That should be your catchphrase, loser.  Anyway, it’s not on Playstation,” Graham countered, sounding aggrieved, “Not until next month anyway.  No, we played it at an arcade in Soho.”  He said the final word with a self-conscious nonchalance, as if to imply ‘Of course, I go up to Soho all the time.’
Vince was intrigued despite himself, “Who did you go with?”
“Mark.”
“Mark Reed?”
“No, Mark Brooke.  His brother lives somewhere up there.”
“I didn’t know that you were friends.”
Graham did not elucidate instead, in his imagination, he had been transported back and was once again standing in front of the arcade machine.  He held an imaginary pistol out in front of him, his body swerving and weaving, dodging the bullets fired by make-believe blood-sucking adversaries. “Pow, pow.” He glanced nervously at his friend, suddenly aware of his actual surroundings again and conscious that he was probably making a fool of himself.  Again.  It was about the only thing that he was good at.  He wasn’t even any use at Namco’s Vampire Night: Mark Brooke had well and truly trounced him.  He wouldn’t admit that to Vince, of course, he knew that his companion usually needed very little invitation to ridicule him.  Vince remained silent though, as if his thoughts were elsewhere.  Graham watched him for some seconds before commenting, “Clear night, isn’t it.”
Vince nodded noncommittally, before saying, “Is Zoe coming tonight?”
“I don’t know.”
“Did you see her at school today?”
“No.  Yes.  I’m not sure.”
Graham paused to give the question some consideration, but Vince prompted impatiently, “Aren’t you in the same class for French?  Was she in, or wasn’t she?”
“Yes, yes we are.  I just can’t remember.”
“Idiot.  How can you not remember.”
“She normally sits at the back.  I didn’t notice her.  I’m sure she’ll be along later though.  You know she often has to wait until after her family have finished tea.”
“Tea?”  Vince sounded scornful.
“Well what do you call it in your house?”  Graham’s alterative annelid had momentarily reared its head, “Dinner?  Supper?”
“Tea,” Vince repeated, assuming an air of pomposity to quell the mini-rebellion, “Is a plant, an infusion of the leaves of which in boiling water produce a popular beverage of the same name.”
“You know what I mean,” said Graham lamely, adding, “Which reminds me.  I brought along some cans of beer.  We can get lagged if we want.”
“I don’t drink.  I need to remain completely focused.  Alcohol only serves to cloud the brain.”
“You used to,” Graham argued, “That night we...”
Vince interrupted him, “Things have changed since then.”
“I thought it might...”  Graham giggled, nudging Vince in the darkness, “you know, get Zoe in the mood.”
Vince felt himself begin to blush and was grateful that in the obscurity of the dark park his companion would not be able to notice his reddening complexion.  He rounded on Graham angrily, “What are you talking about?”
“Oh, come on.  It’s obvious you fancy her.”
Vince was about to refute the suggestion when a voice from the darkness called out, “Who are you talking about?”  It was Zoe.  She stepped into the pale circle of light emanating from the three candles that Vince had lit earlier.  “You should blow out those candles,” she carried on, “I could see them shining from miles away.  You might get some of the park keepers investigating.  Besides it is so much nicer when it is pitch black.  You can see so many more stars.”
“I read that it is possible to see Jupiter and Saturn at the moment too,” said Graham.
“And Mars,” agreed Zoe.  “I don’t suppose anyone brought along a telescope?  What was that?”  She suddenly sounded startled.  “Did anyone hear something?”
“No,” said Graham.
“Like what?” asked Vince.
“Shush.”  Zoe had her finger held to her lip, “Listen.”
The three teenagers remained silent and motionless but the only sounds were the faint crackle and flare from the smoking candles, the creaking branches of the neighbouring trees, and the distant background noises of human existence: a motor engine receding far away, a siren wailing unanswered, and a domestic dog barking.  “What did you hear?” asked Graham, breaking the silence, sounding nervous.
“I don’t know.  My imagination probably,” said Zoe.  “I just thought that there was someone there.  Hello,” she called out loud, “Anyone there?”  There was no reply.  “I’m sorry, it was nothing.”  Zoe sat down on the grass beside one of the candles, the flickering flame illuminating her pale face and long hair.  She seemed to have dismissed the incident quicker than the two young men, who remained standing, silent and watchful.  “What were you talking about?” Zoe asked.
Vince, not wishing the subject to be steered back towards his amorous feelings for the young woman, returned to an earlier topic of conversation, “Graham was telling me about a game he had been playing.”
“What?”  Graham sounded confused, having forgotten this earlier thread.
“The vampire game,” Vince prompted.
“Oh yes.  It was great.  You’re in this Middle Ages sort of town and there is a castle, and the vampires just keeping on coming from everywhere.  You have to shoot them before they slash you, and then there are villagers to rescue before they turn into vampires too.  They have disgusting growths on their bodies.  What are they called?  Sar...  Sarcophagus, something like that.  And you have to shoot these sarcophaguses before they erupt and the people turn into proper vampires.  It was...”
Vince interrupted Graham before he could expostulate how great the game was again, “I think you mean sarcomas, you catachrestic imbecile.”  He had not forgotten how Graham had made him feel embarrassed earlier and was looking for an opportunity to humiliate his friend, particularly now that he had Zoe as an audience to appreciate his vocal sparring.
Zoe was not so easily impressed though, and sprung to the defence of the downtrodden Graham, “Carry on Graham, I’m interested.”
“That was it, really,” finished Graham, lamely.  “Do you want a beer?”  he added more cheerfully, at the same time fishing around to find where he had discarded his rucksack on the ground, and pulling out from the bag a pack of four cans.
“Yes, okay,” agreed Zoe, “Does anyone have any mints?” she added, mindful of her return to the family home.
“Yes,” said Graham, “Here, catch.”  He threw one of the cans across to Zoe, who taken by surprise dropped it, knocking over and extinguishing one of the candles at the same time.
Vince was growing impatient.  The evening was not turning out exactly how he had pictured it.  It was always the way: you can create an imaginary scenario, stage it perfectly, bring along all the right props, but if your principal actors have not learnt their correct lines it is all for nothing.  There was a crack and then a fizz followed by a high-pitched laugh of excitement, as Graham pulled back the ring tab on his can of ale which promptly proceeded to bubble up and overflow, running onto Graham’s hand and wetting his coat.  He switched the can from one hand to the other and licked the frothy liquid from his open palm.  Vince watched the exuberant antics with ill-concealed annoyance.  One actor in particular was going to have to be dealt with.
“Are you both quite ready?” Vince finally asked.  He bent down from where he was still standing and taking Zoe’s hand tugged to indicate that he wished her to rise to her feet.  “Assume your positions.”
Wordlessly, almost mechanically like automatons, the three teenagers joined hands and formed a circle around the two remaining candles.

•••

> Anyone online at the moment?
> 
> Anyone?
>
> Shall I just talk to myself then?
>> Only sensible conversation you will get.
> Good to know you are still alive, Gareth.
>> Me?  What about you, Art?  Where have you been hiding?
> Nowhere special.  I’ve just been busy.  Any interesting threads on any of the bulletin boards?
>> Nothing much.  It’s all been a bit dominated by the Americans.  You know, Sasquatch, Lake Champlain monster, that sort of stuff.
> Any A.B.C. sightings?
>> Nothing recent that I can think of.  Maybe one somewhere in Scotland?  I can’t remember.  No, it’s been a flat month.  You’ve not missed much.
> Nothing in Hertfordshire then?
>> What is this, Art?
> What?
>>> You don’t actually believe in the Cassiobury Cougar, do you?
> How long have you been eavesdropping, Jeb?
>> Cassiobury Cougar?
>>> I saw it mentioned on one of the boards.
> News travels fast.
>>> News?  The only things that fly faster are rumours and crap.
> And which do you think this is?
>>> Reading between the lines, whoever put it up on the bulletin board must have thought that it was a false alarm.  I knew that it would have you interested though.
> Do you remember who it was?
>>> No.  Not a name I recognised.  It was just numbers and letters.  I can’t remember.  I can look it up again, if you are interested.
> Just let me know which site it was on.  I can look it up myself.  Wonder how they got to hear about it?
>>> Like I say, rumours and crap...
>> And you think there might be something in it, Art?
> I don’t know.  It’s worth investigating.  There has definitely been a mysterious attack on a dog which is not easy to account for.
>>> Art, that bulletin board is on the Crypto Fanatics website.  Do you have their address?
> Yes, thanks Jeb.
>>> Happy hunting.

It was true that Art had not checked into the Cryptozoology Chatroom for several weeks.  Once, he would have been on the internet almost every evening for at least an hour or two after he had put Luke to bed, either searching for increasingly obscure crypto-related sites, downloading some of the free reprints of classic bestiaries from the Middle Ages right through to those compiled by the nineteenth century explorers, and other works of ancient cryptozoology that were out of copyright and which some kindly individuals had taken the time to scan and make available in an electronic format, or logging into the numerous bulletin boards and chatrooms which specialized in debates and discussions of all matters fortean.  More recently though, Art had found himself feeling increasingly dispirited with the discussion forums and the internet as a whole.  The messages on the bulletin boards were - as Gareth had mentioned - largely dominated by American phenomena, most of which held little interest for Art, either that or they were side-tracked by petty arguments and off-topic digressions, or sometimes just simply hijacked by internet hooligans, who would rampage inarticulately through a chatroom with a barrage of misspelt obscenity and abuse.  Art got enough of that from John, he didn’t need to go specifically looking for insults.  The U.K. branch of the Cryptozoology Chatroom, which had been established originally on a Hotmail Messenger link, had always held a special affection for him though.  He could not claim to actually having started the Chatroom - or CCUK, as it was most commonly known by its users - but he had discovered it lying effectively dormant, a lost and forgotten back alleyway in the Web, and he liked to think that he had resurrected its fortunes and manage to divert a bit of traffic back in its direction.  Both Gareth and Jeb had been long-standing correspondents, both were also similar to Art in that they classed themselves as enthusiastic amateurs, inhibited in becoming anything more by life circumstances rather than by any scepticism about their subject.  Dreamers, all of them.  Jeb was the more pessimistic of the two; Gareth was a preternaturally cheerful fellow - Art had even met up with him once, on the occasion of him venturing away from his Lincolnshire village to spend a weekend in the Big Smoke.  It had been reassuring to discover that the internet did occasionally come with a human face.  The person that Art was currently trying to trace was proving to be far more anonymous.
Art had bookmarked the Crypto Fanatics bulletin board a long time ago but had scarcely ever been back in to it since: he had never found the topics discussed quite to his liking and more often than not the forum was over-ridden with postings from conspiracy theorists, U.F.O. buffs and assorted occultists.  Attempting to return to the site now, and curious to discover the identity of the person that Jeb had mentioned who appeared to have an interest in his mystery big cat, Art found that the U.R.L. of the original site had changed and he was redirected to a different web address.  It was not long, though, before a familar-looking home page was displayed on his computer screen, and no time before Art was scrolling down the list of topics for discussion to see if there was anything on the subject of Alien Big Cats.  He soon had his man.  Or woman?
A posting dated from the previous day was entitled Cassiobury Cougar Hoax and had actually been the opening gambit of someone presumably hoping to establish a new discussion thread.  In this the sender had been unsuccessful because no one else had subsequently been tempted to join in the debate, although upon reading the message Art considered that the writer had left very little opportunity for discourse.  He read the brief paragraph once again: “An article published in a Hertfordshire newspaper, which puts forward the proposition that a large carnivorous cat is at liberty in the woods around Watford, contains so many factual inaccuracies that it casts considerable doubt on the initial hypothesis.  Although the bite marks on the victim - a large dog - could be consistent with it having been attacked by a big cat the tracks on the ground surrounding the dead animal would suggest something altogether more mysterious.”  That was all.  Art was left pondering what could be ‘more mysterious’ than a possible puma in sleepy suburbia.  He looked at the top of the message to see if the author had revealed their identity - most bulletin boards publish the name of the poster, sometimes even an email address.  Next to yesterday’s date, were the words “Posted by HPL200890”:  apparently his rival - as Art had come to consider the nameless informant - liked to be cloaked in anonymity.  How annoying.  There was something else about the posting that was bugging Art too.
He had started a file of all the information that he had collected in his current investigation - a large black box-file, which currently seemed optimistically commodious as Art now opened the folder to reveal a solitary sheet of paper.  It was Trevor’s newspaper article.  Art read through the report again.  He had thought so: there had been no mention of tracks around the slaughtered Alsatian, he was sure he would have remembered if Trevor had said anything of the kind to him.  There had been no sign of any tracks either, when Art himself had been back to investigate the scene that morning.  It would appear that HPL200890 was privy to insider information.
Chapter Eleven:  Saturday

“The next spate of mystery cat sightings started up in the mid-1970s in Scotland.  A motorist was surprised to encounter a large cat sitting in front of him in the road near Beith in Ayrshire in June 1974.  The animal refusing to move, the driver manoeuvred around the creature and sped on.”

Zoe had overslept.  Her head ached slightly too.  She had been foolish to drink that second can last night, it wasn’t even as if she liked the taste.  At least her parents had not noticed.  Thank goodness there wasn’t school today, either.  She curled herself into a tighter ball beneath the thick duvet, clasping her ankles with her hands, pulling her legs up until her knees almost reached her chest.  It was safe and warm in bed.  With any luck her mum and dad had already gone out shopping and she had the house to herself.  They were unlikely to disturb her, in any case.  She thought back to the events of the previous evening.  It had been a weird night.  She shuddered involuntarily as she recalled the way the party had eventually broken up.
First there had been that noise she had heard.  She should have trusted her first instincts more; they very rarely let her down.  Like her first impression of Vince: she remembered thinking he was a bit creepy back then and she had had no reason to change her mind ever since.  He does have something about him, though, she had to admit to herself.  And last night, he seemed like he was really on the verge of something, like he really was about to conjure up dark forces, when...  She shuddered again.  Of course, he fancied her, she knew that.  Would she ever let him have her?  She had speculated about this on several occasions to herself.  Under normal circumstances she would not have let him entertain a cat in hell’s chance with her, but he was so urgent and so inexperienced that it might prove to be an interesting experiment.  Would her submission make him more or less desperate; give her more or less control?  Yes, possibly she decided; she might test which way the cat would jump.  Just once.
They had joined hands, she enjoyed that bit.  Standing in the darkness, the cold night air, it felt somehow primeval, like she was connecting up with something bigger than her individual self, it wasn’t just Graham and Vince that stood beside her but the whole of humanity, the generations of ancestors, all the hopes of the future.  The power of the circle, it was impressive.  The candles had been nice too.  She had initially asked for them to be extinguished, but they had actually been rather romantic, the tiny flames flickering anxiously as if aware that their own existence was so temporal and precarious, dependent on the benevolence of the wind and rain and of their human creators; they had been comforting too, much as she enjoyed the darkness, particularly when the sky was so clear and the stars so visible, she also knew that she had a fear of its enveloping cloak, and it was this fear that she found so exciting.  Vince had started chanting then, to conjure up the spirits he had said.  At first it had been rather embarrassing, but he had seemed so serious, so determined, and his voice...  it was strange, it could be quite hypnotic.  Zoe remembered how the individual words had begun to blur, replaced by a steady mantra, repeated over and over again.  Graham had handed around more beer at this point and as the alcohol had had the gradual effect of reducing her inhibitions she had found herself chanting too.  Time had begun to lose meaning, as their voices had risen louder and, with their hands still linked, Vince had begun to swing the circle around, initially slowly, walking around the candles in an anti-clockwise direction, but increasingly faster and faster, forcing her to grip on ever tighter to the two young men’s hands for fear that centrifugal force would fling her out of the revolving circle.  The candles had danced and blazed until the two distinct pinnacles of light had blurred into one, seemingly spreading to form one large inferno around which they danced, mesmerized.  Had she seen something in the flames?  Just for a moment she thought that she had seen a black shape forming in the depths of the brightness, rising, spiraling up, swirling around like a dervish, ever upwards as they continued to circle around, spreading out black arms to engulf them...   That was when it had happened.  Above the sound of their own voices they had all heard at the same moment a terrific bellow, a wild, mad cry and, as they froze and fell silent, a sound of pounding, heavy footsteps very close at hand, rushing towards them.  The man - for man it undoubtedly was, although at the time it had appeared as though a demon was in their very midst - was upon them before any of the teenagers could move.  Zoe had only glimpsed his face fleetingly, his features contorted with anger, his bald head and dark, formless bulk momentarily intruding into the middle of their erstwhile coupled ring, before the two candles had been bowled over and total darkness had confused the scene.  She was fairly sure that she had seen Graham sprawled on the ground, having taken the brunt of the intruder’s initial onslaught, but so terrified had she been by the unexpected culmination of the night’s rituals that she had fled, unceremoniously, giving barely a passing thought for the safety and well-being of her two companions.  If they had been sensible, she reasoned, they would have done just the same.  It had taken her some time to find her way out of the park: she normally prided herself on having a good sense of direction, but the combination of being spun around in the circle, and then the blind urgency of her retreat, had meant that she had run in totally the wrong direction for some minutes before she had slowed down, confident now that she was not being pursued, and had managed to get her bearings.  In the darkness, it was still difficult to pinpoint just where she had arrived at; so panic-stricken had she been that she had not even been aware of whether she had run up or down hill, that would at least have given her some small clue to where she was.  As luck would have it, she had only needed to take a couple of exploratory steps further forward, in the direction that she had been running, when she felt the reassuring firmness of a tarmac path beneath her feet; another minute and she recognized the outline of the wire mesh fence that surrounded the tennis courts beside her.  Shit!  She had found herself on totally the wrong side of the park to the one that she wanted to be for going home.  Nothing would induce her to retrace her steps and walk back into the blackness of the grassy wilderness that evening though, instead she had resigned herself to a long walk back along the roads to her own neighbourhood.
Zoe pulled the bed covers tighter about her.  She hoped that Graham and Vince were okay; she had no way of knowing until school on Monday; she certainly did not intend venturing back into the park for any more nocturnal gatherings while there was any possibility that the angry man was still at large.  And who had he been anyway?  Just some drunken vagrant probably, who got a kick out of scaring them.  Well he had succeeded.  There were no other sounds from around the house.  She closed her eyes and tried to go back to sleep but she could not rid her mind of the image of the spiraling shape that she had seen in the fire just before the group had been so rudely broken up.  It had not been her imagination.  She was sure she had seen something that was not of this world.

•••

Tal’s hand faltered over the third pack of lager.  He was weighing up the alternatives: it was a choice between rationing himself to just eight cans to last him for the whole of the approaching week, or weighing himself down with an additional four-pack and struggling back the long two-miles distance from the supermarket to his boat with heavy bags.  He surveyed the rest of his provisions in his trolley to see if there was anything that he could put back.  It was pretty much all staples: bread, rice, milk, beans, a few tins; nothing too extravagant there.  There was the cost factor to consider too, although Tal generally reckoned that alcohol was a good investment on the balance-sheet of life: the more hours that were lost to alcoholic oblivion the less time you had to be spending your money on anything else, or at least to be worrying about the lack of money that you had to spend on anything else.  He knew that an accountant might not share his philosophy, but it had always worked well for him.  The thought of sober accountancy was all that he needed; he had succeeded in persuading himself: Tal extracted another pack of lagers from the shelf and added them to the pile in his trolley.  He was about to steer a course directly for the check-out when he noticed ahead of him in the same aisle of the supermarket a figure that he instantly recognized.  It was the young chap that was seeing Janet.  He had only ever seen Rob in the half-light of evening before, but he had had opportunity enough to study his rival closely and memorize his features precisely.  He was with a friend now, another bloke of the same age, they were talking loudly and laughing, standing by the wine section, perhaps, like him, deliberating over what to buy.  Tal edged his trolley closer, apparently engrossed in reading the supermarket’s descriptions of the various bottles of New World plonk, but actually intent eavesdropping on the two men’s conversation.
Rob’s companion was talking with the unabashed pomposity of youth about the virtues of one grape over another, “You can generally rely on a Sauvignon.  Even the Chileans produce a fairly tasty drop.”
Rob was holding a bottle and reading the label aloud, rolling his consonants in imitation of a French accent, “Premieres Cotes de Bordeaux.  This delicious wine, a careful blend... what, as opposed to a careless blend,” he interjected, before continuing, “of Merlot and Cabernet Sauvignon grapes, is traditionally vinified.”  He stopped, puzzled, “Vinified?”
“Vinification,” his friend explained, “is the process of turning grape juice into wine.”
“Oh, okay,” Rob continued reading, “It has rich fruit aromas combined with a well-balanced, elegant structure and a long finish, and is delicious served to accompany roast meats and cheeses.  What bollocks!” he finished.  “Who writes these things?  Elegant structure!”
His companion was quicker to criticize Rob rather than see rubbished one of the tenets of middle-class society, “You’ve been seeing that bird of yours too much,” he teased, “Some of the rough is rubbing off on you.”
“Shut up,” said Rob, although not angrily, “What do you know.”
“I know you see her every Tuesday night.”
“How?” Rob sounded genuinely surprised.
“You let the cat out of the bag that night after Susie’s twenty-first birthday party when you got so drunk you threw up on the way home.  You told Mike Daly all about it.”
“I don’t remember.”
“I’m not surprised.  Underneath the tall, old tree with the big ball of mistletoe growing at the top.  Ah, so romantic.  I’m just saying what he told me,” he added, seeing the look of sudden annoyance in Rob’s eyes.  “You can’t keep a secret for long.  Not if you go blabbing yourself every time you get pissed.”
“Well, keep it to yourself,” said Rob, glancing around melodramatically, eyeing suspiciously the shabby-looking man with the trolley who had moved uncomfortably close, although who appeared to be fixedly studying the credentials of a bottle of South African white oblivious to their own conversation.  “I don’t want my parents finding out.”
“Not much chance of that.  So are you seeing her again?”
“I don’t know,” said Rob, truthfully, “She wasn’t there last Tuesday, nor yesterday either.”  No, thought Tal, because it had only been this morning that he had seen Janet finally emerge from the family barge, accompanied by her mother, apparently setting off on a shopping mission similar to his own.
“You’re better off shot of her,” said Rob’s friend, “Stick to your own kind.”
“What do you mean?” asked Rob, confrontationally, openly annoyed now.
“No good comes when the classes mix.  You don’t want to be diluting the gene-pool, do you?”
“And what would you know about it?  You’ve kept very quiet about your Aryan ancestors.”
“Aryan...?”  It was Rob’s companion’s turn to sound momentarily bewildered, before he understood the meaning of Rob’s jibe.  “I’m just warning you,” he continued, more conciliatory now, “It’ll all end in tears.  And, for your sake, I just hope that they are not your ones.”
Rob was belligerent, “I intend to see her again this Tuesday night.  I’ll be the one who decides when, and how, it all ends.”
“So be it.”
Tal replaced the bottle of wine and manoeuvred his trolley around the two young men.  There was a slight smile on his face, as he mouthed quietly to himself, “So be it.”
Chapter Twelve:  Monday

“During the late-1970s, regular, although largely unconfirmed, sightings of a puma were reported in the borders area, north of the town of Berwick, and around Ayr.”

Art was early but he was pleased to see that his fellow walker was already waiting for him.  She had her back to him as he approached, leaning over the railings on the bridge, gazing down into the water.  Her dog was more welcoming, apparently recognizing Art instantly and bounding over to greet him and Luke with the sort of winning smile that only retrievers seem able to achieve.  The dog began to run in one direction around Luke’s buggy, changed its mind, and then ran back in the other direction, barking excitedly, causing the young woman to look around and smile in her turn.  “Sandy!  Hey!  Here boy,” she called.
Art wheeled his vehicle over to join her on the bridge.  “Nice day,” he said.
“Yes,” she agreed, “Lovely.”
They smiled at one another slightly self-consciously, both uncertain of what to say next.  Art was just composing his next sentence when the young woman relieved some of the tension by kneeling down, bringing herself level with Luke’s head and waggling her fingers in front of his eyes and pulling a silly face.  Luke gurgled appreciatively.  ‘Babe magnet’, that was how John had described small children, when Art had once complained about how difficult it was to meet anyone new now that he had an infant to care for.  He had not been convinced by the description at the time, but he now had to admit that John might just have had something.  She certainly was a babe too.  Those wonderful big brown eyes, long, dark lustrous hair, a lovely figure - some may have called her slightly chubby, but in Art’s eyes that was lovely; in this ensemble it was, in any case.  Her smile too was beautiful, it was not just her mouth that smiled, her eyes sparkled and her whole face radiated the honest expression of happiness.  She was looking up at Art now and smiling, although her look of happiness was more as a result of Luke’s infectious giggling than from her reflecting Art’s worried features, as he anxiously tried to remember the lines he had rehearsed.  “Is everything okay?” she asked.
“Yes, sorry,” said Art.  “Everything’s fine.  I was just wondering which way you would like to walk?”
“I don’t mind.  Do you have a regular route?”
“No.  Just wherever the fancy takes me.”
The young woman smiled again, a wide beam of reassurance.  “Well, let’s see which way your fancy leads.”

•••

Art discovered that her name was Rupinder.  She was twenty-nine years old, she was single, and she lived with her younger sister in West Watford, only a few streets away from Art’s own house.  He also found out that she was a freelance designer, who worked from home, and that she took her dog - Sandy - out for a walk at the same time every morning and every evening.  Marks for a successfully completed initial interrogation: he gave himself nine out of ten.  Marks for a set of satisfactory answers to the interrogation: he awarded Rupinder ten out of ten.  She could not have been more perfect.  Looking back, the only downside on a delightful morning, had been the onset of his own verbal diarrhoea: Art had been hoping not to reveal too much about his own circumstances; to hold back a little about his personal life; to retain an air of mystery.  As it happened, Rupinder got the whole potted life story, warts and all.  Perhaps it was not having had someone close to talk to for so long, Art found that once he started chatting the flood gates were well and truly opened.  She hadn’t seemed to mind though.  Had she?
They had walked along the towpath in the direction of Grove Mill, Art pushing Luke in his pram, Rupinder halting intermittently in order to wait for Sandy to reappear from where he had disappeared into the adjacent trees.  They had stopped to watch a group of ducks gliding across the surface of the canal, keeping their silent formation like a squadron of fighter pilots, a V-shaped ripple marking each of their paths like the jet-stream from a soaring plane, and once again when Art spotted a heron, high up on the stark branches of a tree on the opposite bank.
“I love this park,” she had said.  “It gives me inspiration for some of my designs.”
“Really.”  Art had been interested.  “What sort of design work do you do?”
“Anything that pays the bills.  I pick up work from an agent, so I don’t often get much choice in the matter, but for preference I like doing book covers, that sort of thing.”
“Any books?”
“Children’s books mainly.  At the moment it is all web stuff though, you know, corporate make-overs, logos, it’s not really me.”
“It must be nice working from home,” said Art.
“Yes, sometimes,” agreed Rupinder, her tone of voice not carrying the same conviction as her words, “Although I miss the social aspect of work.”
Art mentally ran through a roll-call of his fellow employees in the library and found the concept of sociability did not sit very easily with any one of them.  He found himself agreeing in the abstract.  “Where did you work before?”
“A big design company based close to Waterloo.  It was my first job out of college.”
“Where was that?”
“Here in Watford.  It was what brought me here in the first place.”
“Oh, right.”
“Hey Sandy!  Come here.”  They had halted again as Rupinder waited for the large, golden dog to show himself from his current place of concealment.  Art put the brake on Luke’s buggy and, squatting down, checked that the blanket was still securely tucked in around his son’s legs and that he was not feeling too cold.  In the shadow of the trees, out of the direct sunlight, the winter morning air was still cool.  As he stood again, he picked up a small, flat stone from the ground and, testing its weight appreciatively, absentmindedly sent it skimming across the surface of the water of the canal.  It bounced three times before sinking without trace.
“Nice throw.”  Rupinder was standing watching Art, Sandy sitting obediently by her side, his tongue lolling as he panted noisily.
“Thank you,” he smiled, self-consciously.
“So, what about you?” Rupinder asked.  “How long have you lived here?”
“Man and boy,” said Art.  “I used to play along here when I was little.”
“And yet you still couldn’t tell a Rosebay Willowherb from a Meadowsweet,” she teased, referring to an earlier conversation they had had.
“I told you,” he laughed, “I don’t do flowers.  I can tell a willow by its catkins and a birch by its silver bark, but that is about my limit.  Birds, now that’s a different story.  I’m better on birds.”
“What’s that then?”  Rupinder signalled for Art to be silent as they listened to a sudden burst of melodic twittering from the anonymity of the woods.
“Not a clue,” Art admitted, “I need to actually see them to be able to identify them.  The songs all sound the same to me.”
“The original man of the forest, aren’t you,” Rupinder joked, “It’s not surprising you didn’t find your puma.  Did you know what you were looking for?”
The ignominious failure of his morning tracking had been one of the many secrets that had spilled out during Art’s earlier confession, along with the fact that he was married; that Amanda was in New York; that he didn’t enjoy his current job; plus the whole thylacine, cryptozoology, daydream sort of thing.  Still, that was him, and what could he do about it?  Every relationship comes with some baggage attached.  By the age of thirty you couldn’t hope to have passed through life without picking up a few surplus parcels.  He just hoped that Rupinder came equipped with a team of porters.  She had sounded interested, supportive even, of his big cat hunt when he had mentioned it previously, and so Art was confident that her current question was only light-hearted leg-pulling.  He answered similarly flippantly, “Big beige thing with four legs at each corner and a long tail.”
Rupinder stroked Sandy’s head fondly, ruffling the fur on his forehead, causing him to close his eyes with pleasure, “Sounds like you can’t go wrong.”  She smiled, but said more seriously, “So, when are you going to go searching again?”
“I don’t know.  It will depend on when Helen, you know, my sister, I think I mentioned...”
“Yes, you did.”
“Whenever Helen can look after Luke again.  I don’t like to ask too often, because she has him every day when I am at work, and it is not fair on her to impose too much.”
“I’ll look after him.”
“What?”
“I said, I would be happy to look after Luke for a morning, or whenever, if you like.”
“But...”
“I often look after my elder sister’s kids.  It wouldn’t be a problem.  And we seem to get along, don’t we?”  Rupinder had bent over Luke’s buggy, directing her question at the laughing infant, at the same time offering one of her fingers for him to hold.
“Well...”
“I can change nappies, talk in soppy voices...”
Art interrupted her, “I wasn’t worried about your credentials.  I just thought you might find it an imposition.”
“I wouldn’t have offered if that was the case.  Really, I’d enjoy looking after him.  My sister will love him too.”
“He can be hard work.”
Rupinder straightened up and took Art by the hand, shaking it up and down as though working a pump, trying to ease some of the tensions out of him.  It was the first direct physical contact they had had.  “You worry too much.”
“It’s an occupational hazard.”  Rupinder looked puzzled, so Art clarified, “It’s all part of fatherhood.”
“I’m sure.  Well, you can stop worrying on my account.  So?” she added, “My offer doesn’t stand for ever, you know.  Yes or no.  What’s it to be?”
“You’re very assertive,” Art joked, still prevaricating, unwilling to commit himself.
“One of us has to be.”  Rupinder countered, mischievously.
“Miaow.”  Art clawed the air, mimicking a pawing feline, “Catty.”
“Yes or no?”  Rupinder ignored the accusation, her voice more steely than before, indicating that this really was the last chance saloon.
“Sorry,” Art apologized for being flippant, “Yes.  If you’re sure, yes, that would be great.  I’m off again on Wednesday morning.  I don’t know if that would be too soon for you?”
“If you are going to catch your cat, I presume the quicker the better. Right?”
“Right.”
“Wednesday it is then.  Not too early though.”
Chapter Thirteen:  Tuesday

“The case of the Cannich Puma is still a source of debate and speculation.  In October 1980 farmer Ted Noble angered at finding his sheep killed, baited a home-made trap and managed to capture a female puma, later to be christened Felicity by the Highland Wildlife Park.”

“And then Rupa said...”
“Rupa, eh?  Very friendly now aren’t we?”
Art grinned sheepishly.  “No point hanging around,” he bragged, knowing that John would know that he was not serious.
“So, what do you reckon?  Are you going to see her again?”
“Tomorrow.”
“Bloody hell,” John sounded impressed, “You really do act fast.”
Art shrugged his shoulders.  “When you've got it...” He left the expression unfinished.
John took a sip from the froth on the top of his beer, stooping low over his glass, barely lifting the vessel off the table-top.  He had a look of eager expectation in his eyes, barely able to contain his excitement at the prospect of more salacious facts to come.  Art was reminded of the expression on the face of Rupinder’s dog, Sandy, when he had bent down to offer him a piece of one of Luke’s breadsticks: lip-licking, greedy anticipation.  “So?  So?  Don’t keep me in suspense.  Did you...?”  John nodded his head knowingly.
“What?  No,” adding more emphatically, when he saw the look of disappointed disbelief in John's face, “No, it’s not like that.”
“What other way is there?” asked John, incredulous.
“She is going to look after Luke for me,” Art explained.  “While I go out after the puma again.”
“You’re joking?”
“No.  I’m still married to Amanda, remember.”
“You know what I think about that,” said John.
Both men took deep draughts from their respective glasses, neither wanting to pursue the current direction of their conversation.  The subject of Amanda was not conducive to a light-hearted chat: her memory was drowned somewhere in the second mouthful.
“So how’s it going with the big cat hunt?” asked John.
“A big fat zero so far,” confessed Art.  He went on to explain about his internet rival, the mysterious HPL200890.
“And you don't know who it is?”
“No idea.  I did a Google search for the sequence, but it drew a blank. I don’t know what it means.”
“It sounds like a date, the last part.”
“Yes, that’s what I thought too,” agreed Art, “20th August 1990.  Does it mean anything to you?”
“Not off the top of my head,” John was forced to concede.  “The day Thatcher resigned?” he added, frivolously.
“Could be,” said Art, absentmindedly, not taking the suggestion as serious.
“Or a birthday?”
“That would only make him eleven years old.”
“Not much of a rival there,”
“I don’t know.  What match is that?” Art asked, changing the subject and screwing up his eyes to peer at the distant T.V. set, which sent out a near continuous barrage of sport’s coverage from its lofty vantage point in the far corner of the pub, regardless of whether anyone was watching or not, although judging from the number of heads turned in its general direction it was a popular attraction.  
John swivelled around on his stool to look at the image on the set.  “Charlton,” he said.  “It’s a re-run.”  He waved his hand in front of Art’s eyes, trying to draw his attention back from the T.V..  “So, you're still sure it’s a puma, are you?”
Art sounded weary, “I really don’t know what to think.  If it wasn’t for this other chap, I might have been tempted to give the whole thing up, but this new information about the tracks has got me intrigued.”
“Yes, but why specifically a puma?” John pursued, “I mean, there must be any number of possible big cats.”
Art looked suspiciously across the table at his companion, saying jokingly, “You’re very interested in all of this all of a sudden.  Are you sure that you’re not the elusive HPL200890?”  He continued, answering John’s question, “I guess a puma is just the most likely suspect.  They are adaptable predators, have been known to prey on livestock in their native States, they are elusive; all the things that match with the scant evidence I have so far.”
“Very scant,” John reminded Art.
“Very scant evidence,” Art echoed, “Plus there is a history of pumas having been kept as pets here in the U.K. before they were outlawed under the Dangerous Wild Animals Act of 1976, of course.  That’s when all this mystery big cat business really started here in Britain.”
“Oh?  How so?”
“Before 1976 pretty much anything was considered fair game...”  John winced and Art excused the unintentional pun, continuing, “to be kept as a domestic pet in this country.  People had dangerous snakes in their houses, rare and endangered species, and big cats were not uncommon too.”
“Would need a big house,” said John, flippantly.
“Plenty enough of them around,” said Art, seriously, “And people with the money but not necessarily the know-how to go with it.  Anyway after the Act came into force it meant that private individuals could no longer keep certain wild animals without either the proper license...”
“Which cost money.”
“Quite.  Or the suitable environment, you know, proper cages, regular health checks, etcetera.  Which was not what most of these people were about.”
“So you’re saying all these animals were just let loose?”
“Yes, exactly.  People would prefer to set their erstwhile pets free rather than pay for a license or conform to the new legislation.”
John shook his head in disbelief and took another swig from his glass.  He wiped the back of his hand across his mouth.  “And you reckon some of these old pets...”  He made a gesture with his hands, indicating that he put the term in inverted commas, “are still on the loose.”
“More likely the off-spring of the original pets.”
“A breeding population?”
“That is what any self respecting A.B.C. hunter would love to prove.”
“You mean to find one puma is no good?” asked John, disappointed to discover one of his investments had taken a sudden downturn.
“Four legs good, eight legs better,” said Art, mangling an Orwellian phrase.  “Of course, my A.B.C. could always turn out to be a wolverine.”
“What?”
“I’m joking.” Art laughed, “It’s another classic English cryptid story that is never likely to be proved one way or the other.”
“A wolverine!”  John sounded sceptical, “I’ve never even heard of it.”
“Not an X-Men fan then?”  Art continued more seriously, “It’s one of the largest mustelids.”
John whizzed his hand over the top of his head, “Whoosh.”
Art smiled and went on to explain, “Same family as the weasel, marten and otter, only the wolverine is much bigger, much fiercer, and much less likely to be over here.  Most reported sightings turn out to be muddy badgers.”
“Bloody...”
“Quite.  No, what I’m chasing is either the Cassiobury Cougar or zilch.  Thin air.  Just a particularly aggressive dog-fight, or a sick human, or a total hoax.  There are a million and one possible explanations other than the one I would like to discover.”
“But you’ll carry on searching?”
“It keeps me off the streets,” said Art, not particularly optimistically.  He took another mouthful of beer, glancing up again at the T.V. screen and returning to an earlier conversation, “By the way, Thatcher resigned on 22nd November 1990.  If there is one date I will always remember by heart...”

•••

David William “Sweet” Sherry.  It had been a strange case.  Detective Sergeant James Leigh lay the brown A4 manila folder on his desk, opened it and folded back the flap wide, putting a definite crease in the spine with the side of his hand so that the cardboard would not spring back shut again, and prepared himself to begin re-reading at page one.
The initial case notes, more than forty years old now, had been hand-written and James found himself struggling to interpret some of the sloping and erratic script of the detective in charge at the time, one D. C. Mortimer Vaughan.  The gist of the notes were clear though.  David Sherry - ‘little Dave’ as Vaughan occasionally, and inappropriately, referred to him - would have only been ten years old at the time.  It had all begun on a February day in 1961 and David, his father Harry and his brother Ronald had embarked on a simple day trip to the zoo.  The day had ended with old man Harold ending up mauled to death in the lion’s pit and young David under arrest for his manslaughter.  There were conflicting reports at the time as to whether Harold’s death had been an accident or whether he had been wilfully pushed by his son - David himself had always pleaded his own innocence - but it was his brother Ronald who gave the crucial statement that convicted him, claiming that he had seen David deliberately trip his father, resulting in his fall into the lion’s enclosure and subsequent mauling.  The zoo itself, obviously conscious of the repercussions to themselves should an accidental death verdict be brought in on the case, heavily backed the brother’s statement, and the unfortunate David was found guilty of killing his father and ordered to be detained for an indefinite period at a young offender’s centre.  It was not prison, but to a vulnerable ten-year old it must have felt the same.
It was while in detention that David Sherry developed - perhaps understandably given the circumstances behind his conviction - what was described in the case notes as, a pathological interest in wild cats.  He would smuggle feral cats into his room and managed to keep a large population of the creatures returning to a particular corner of the remand centre’s grounds by leaving out food; he requested books about the maintenance of domestic cats and about the lives of big cats from the centre library; and he voiced an ambition to train to be a zoo keeper when he left the centre.  All worthy enough occupations for an imaginative teenager, it would appear: indeed until the age of seventeen, David had proved himself to be a near model inmate and would, in all likelihood, have been recommended for release at the time of, or soon after, his approaching eighteenth birthday.  If only he had not killed again.  
The man in question was one Andrew Rowbottom, only really still a youth, himself just sixteen at the time.  Rowbottom had only recently been installed in the centre, but unlike David, arrived with a history of minor criminal convictions behind him, dating back several years, most for petty theft, but more recently involving violence too.  Rowbottom was identified by the centre’s psychologist, in his initial evaluation, as someone possessing a sadistic and bullying personality, and this cruel streak was evident when the young man was discovered to have wrung the necks of at least three of David Sherry’s befriended felines.  Sherry’s revenge was not instant - in his subsequent trial this was a factor to go against him; a passionate, spontaneous retribution might have been excused; a slow, calculated campaign leading to Rowbottom’s eventual death could only be classed as murder.
Sherry, once again, pleaded not guilty.  The victim had been discovered, behind the industrial waste bins, outside the rear exit to the centre’s kitchen area, five deep stab wounds raking his back, causing wounds that superficially looked as though they had been caused by the paw of a giant cat.  There had been no witnesses to Rowbottom’s death, but other than David there were no other suspects; no other known motives, and David Sherry was to find himself once again convicted of the unlawful killing of a fellow human being, this time, though, the crime was murder, and the punishment was life in prison.
And there the essential notes ended.  Various psychologist’s reports had been appended to the case files over the period of the intervening thirty years, none of them recounting anything of any significant interest as to David’s well-being, sanity or otherwise.  David himself had quietly maintained his innocence of all crimes during his years of incarceration, but had otherwise kept his nose clean and had appeared to accept his confinement with stoic indifference.  He had not been allowed the same freedom to indulge his enthusiasm for cats during his period in prison as he had enjoyed in the young offender’s centre, but his wardens reported that he was generally a happy, if solitary, prisoner.  There had been no apparent reason to think that he was about to make a break for liberty.  He had nowhere to go.
Chapter Fourteen:  Tuesday Night

“The Beast of Exmoor is perhaps the best known of all British mystery big cats and was the beginning of widescale media interest in the phenomena.  The presence of a mystery predator was first suspected in the region in the spring and summer of 1983 when over 100 sheep and lambs were slaughtered in a particularly savage fashion”

Rob was not going to be discouraged by Damien’s teasing.  He didn’t even know why he still hung around with him anyway: Damien was a snob and a narrow-minded idiot.  They had been flung together in the same classes during sixth form, but that was not necessarily a good enough reason to still maintain an association now, over two years on.  School was like that though, it thrust unlikely companions together.  Perhaps life was just the same?  Rob had once succumbed to the urge to look up his old classmates on the Friends Reunited website: despite only having left school a couple of years beforehand, he could not but admit to a passing curiosity to see how some of his peers were faring, particularly within the anonymity of the internet, where he could genuinely be like the ‘fly on the wall’ at the school reunion.  The list of instantly recognizable names made for depressing reading, a roll-call of some of the most annoying people from his past and all apparently professing to be far more successful in the big, bad world than he was himself.  Tossers Best Forgotten would have been a more apt name for the site.  Rob did not register his own details and vowed never to look at it again.  Not until he hit the big time, at any rate.  He was annoyed that Damien had found out about Janet and also that he had mocked their meeting place, but he knew that he was actually more annoyed with himself: he had never been good at keeping a secret and, anyway, what good a rebellion if no one even knew about it?  This was how he now tried to justify his revealing details of his supposedly clandestine relationship; the truth was that he hadn’t been able to hold his drink and he had boasted about his romantic conquest.  It was what lads did.  He just didn’t like the repercussions.
Rob glanced at his watch as he passed beneath one of the dim lamps that shone its weak light on the pathway that ran beside the children’s play area in the park.  He was going to be early this evening.  That was okay.  It would give him time to smoke and have a think.  Of course, Janet may not even turn up.  She hadn’t been there on the last couple of occasions they had arranged to meet.  Perhaps she had grown bored of him?  Rob remembered her eager little hands and exploring mouth and lips on the last occasion they had met, and smiled to himself: no, he didn’t think so.  She was more desperate for his company than he was for hers.  Or if not his company exactly, certainly his... what?  Prowess?  She always played the innocent but Rob knew better: the girl was pure mischief.  Anticipation of the forthcoming liaison made Rob unconsciously hurry his step.  What did Damien Finn know?  The little idiot had no idea what he was talking about.  Perhaps he would introduce Janet to him after all, he could do with his eyes opened to the real world.  Except, of course, they never would be: Damien was on a fast-track to success; he would never have to acknowledge that there was a world out there that didn’t revolve around the drinking of fine wines and being seen wearing the best designer labels; doing business over a round of golf or a set of tennis, and only dining out at one of the top London restaurants.  Yes, he may have taken a year out between school and university, but he had spent it at his uncle’s office in the City earning more money than most graduates could only dream of upon leaving college, and now that he had his place reading P.P.E. at Oxford secure to start in the autumn, he would have no need to look downwards to the gutter, or indeed backwards at the past.  Far from Rob being the one that might cast adrift Damien, Rob wondered how long it would be before his friend - like Peter - denied him.  Another five years and Rob could only too well imagine Damien’s own entry on the Friends Reunited bulletin board: ‘after qualifying with a first class degree from Oxford, I joined a City brokers, where I am now working as a commodities trader.  I spend my time between my apartment in Docklands and my villa on Tenerife.  I married Samantha last year and we are expecting our first child in the summer.’  A life mapped out from birth to death: school, qualifications, Oxbridge, City, early-retirement, even earlier first heart attack, always that thought that you would give-it-all-up-and-enjoy-all-this-money-you-have-made, second fatal heart attack before you even meet your grand-children.  Rob shook his head - no it was not for him.  He knew this with conviction, he had no choice, he had tried for Oxbridge and been turned down: this world had already politely - albeit firmly - shown him the exit door.  There was no way back.  Even if he had wanted to be a conformist, the buggers quite clearly did not want him.  Rob wondered what it was about him that hadn’t fitted.  Perhaps exactly this behaviour: stalking around in the park in the twilight for a quick shag with a common barge girl.  His quiet, independent spirit must have been written in every expression on his face; they had read him like a book and decided that he was not Debrett’s Etiquette.  Rob had reached the canal bridge by now and his thoughts turned to Janet again: some things were more precious than money and success.  He wouldn’t swap what he had.
He could see the meeting tree from the rise in the middle of the bridge, it stood out clear, tall and dark against the deep blue sky beyond, the peculiarly spherical ball of mistletoe distinctive in the very topmost branches, looking like a great bees’ nest resting on the highest boughs.  It was a corny place to meet, Rob was forced to admit, but they never dallied there long before searching out a more discreet venue in the dark trees.  The reassuring feel of the hard bridge beneath his feet was quickly replaced by the slippery earth and loose plant debris of the wood, as Rob veered off left from the main path and took a short cut perpendicular to the towpath, directly up the sloping bank of earth that led to the foot of the tall tree.  As he approached closer, he was surprised to see that Janet was already waiting for him, standing alone at the base of the tree, half hidden in the darkness of the surrounding undergrowth.  She was never early.  She must be desperate for him.  Rob smiled again to himself.  It would be a good evening.
It was only as he drew nearer that he suddenly had doubts.  Was it Janet after all?  She had made no move towards him.  Normally she would have been dancing eagerly forward by now.  She could not have failed to hear him coming.  Surely someone else couldn’t have been using their tree.  Not at the same time, not for their own romantic tryst, it was just too great a coincidence.  Rob hesitated to call out Janet’s name for fear that her father might hear.  They had deliberately arranged for their meeting place to be some distance away from the moored longboats but, in the quiet of the night and across the still water, Rob was always aware of how far his voice might carry.  Caution was his byword.  Precaution was Janet’s.
Rob was nearly within touching distance of the person standing at the foot of the tree and was just preparing to whisper “Janet is that you?” when the figure moved forward a pace, stepped out of the obscurity of the bushes, and revealed itself to be not Janet but instead a grim-faced looking man, brandishing a large stick.  Rob did not have any time to speculate about the apparently violent motive as to why this stranger should be standing here at this unusual hour, before a slight noise immediately behind him caused him to turn his head and, before he could see his second adversary, strong arms gripped him in a bear-hug embrace around his waist and he was bodily lifted off the ground and thrown unceremoniously in a heap, landing painfully on a protruding root at the base of the rendezvous tree.  He felt at least two sharp kicks to the side of his torso as he lay on the ground, and a numbing punch full in the face, that felt as though it must have pushed his nose almost inside out, like the reversal of a jelly mould, and from which he recognized, and tasted, the hot and salty sensation of his own running blood, before he heard the swishing rush of the first attacker’s large stick, as it was raised, double-handed, above his opponent’s head and swung down on an unstoppable collision course with the front of his unprotected skull.

•••

“She loves me, she loves me not.  She loves me, she loves me not.”  Art was not even aware of the words he was muttering beneath his breath, nor of the happy tune that he was humming: an inharmonious combination that would have been guaranteed to irritate any connoisseur of music - or anyone at all, come to that - should there have been anyone around to hear, which thankfully there was not.  He was alone - Luke soundly asleep and snoring upstairs - in the front room of his terraced house, absentmindedly pulling threads out from an increasingly balding patch on the arm of one of his easy chairs, trying to block out the steady thump, thump of the music emanating from his neighbour’s stereo.  The noise was only quiet, and if he had had his own T.V. on, or if there had been any other noises about, Art was sure that he would not have noticed it at all, but in the silence of his own house that evening, the sound reverberated through the walls with a persistence that was hard to ignore, like a throbbing tooth.  Still, Art could hardly complain: when Luke used to wake up and cry in the middle of the night they had never said a word.  Perhaps the music had made them deaf?
“She loves me, she loves me not.  She loves me, she loves me not.”  The rhythm of Art’s words had unconsciously sped up, falling into sympathetic step with the techno beat from next door.  He found that his foot was tapping too and that the destruction to the fabric of the armchair was progressing at a pace that could not be ignored unless he was happy to rest his limbs on hard, bare, wooden supports.  “She loves me, she loves me not.”
He was thinking about Rupa but also about Amanda.  There seemed little doubt that Rupa liked him.  Why she should, he was not sure, but there it was, life is not always simple to explain.  On Monday, when they had taken their leave of each other, she had kissed him lightly on the cheek.  He had been surprised.  It wasn’t something that he had expected an Asian woman to do.  After he had reproached himself for being racist and tried to imagine if he would have had the same reaction if Rupa had not been Indian, he discovered that he was still surprised.  A kiss on the cheek: he wouldn’t have expected that from anyone.  Not even Amanda, in recent months.  The surprise was that anyone would fancy him, not just specifically that it was Rupa that did.  And what did he think of her?  Art knew what his heart thought.  She was gorgeous, she was funny, she was smart and she was feisty.  His heart - not to mention all regions below - was screaming out “Go on, my son.”  So why was he listening to his head?
Art stood up, still twirling a long piece of thread that he had extracted from the arm of the chair around his finger.  He took two paces across the room, turned around, walked back and sat down again.  What would Amanda be doing now?  Art glanced at the wall clock above the fireplace.  It was one of those novelty clocks that sounded a different bird call on each hour.  Initially, Art had been thrilled to wake at six o’clock to the dawn chorus of the Ficedula Narcissina, but after the second, and the third, and the fourth occasion the novelty had begun to wear a bit thin, and after a week the battery was removed and the Parus Major, the Tarsiger Cyanurus, and particularly the insufferable squawkings of the Turdus Chrysolaus, were silenced forever.  It would be three o’clock in the afternoon in New York.  She would still be at the office.  In her office.  With her nameplate on the door.  Amanda Madison, Managing Editor.  Or would she have reverted back to her maiden name?  She had always resisted being a Madison; had never got around to changing the details in her passport.  Amanda Raine.  She used to say that she had been a Raine for so long that she could have caused a flood.  Art had never found it a particularly funny joke.  Rupa had made him laugh when she had recounted the story of how she had muddled up her bags in the changing room in French Connection and had walked out with someone else’s shopping, or was it that, or had someone else walked out with hers?  Art couldn’t remember.  Their whole conversation that day had had a dreamlike insubstantiality about it; he could remember that he had laughed a lot, but the details... they seemed to float to the corners of his memory such that they were always just out of sight.
Thud, thud, thud, thud.  The beat through the wall was constant, never-ceasing.  Did he want to see her again?  Of course.  He had been counting down the hours until Wednesday morning; rehearsing every move as he opened the gate to her house, walked up the front drive, knocked on the door, waited while she turned the key from the inside and unlocked the bolts, stood back as she opened the door, smiled and said “Come in”; he had stepped back into her life a thousand times since that kiss on Monday.  Thud, thud, thud, thud.  The beat of his heart was constant, never-ceasing.
Thud, thud, thud, thud.  The rhythm changed, the music quickened, the volume increased.  The beat was incessant, insistent, pervasive.  He was a married man.  He loved his wife.  Amanda.  Amanda: he found that he could barely conjure up her features in his imagination, like trying to rearrange the pieces of a mental jigsaw puzzle without a picture on the box to act as a guide.  Thud, thud, thud, thud.  Art felt as though he could have struck his head repeatedly against the wall: his indecision was driving him insane.  Rupa.  He was only leaving Luke with her for a few hours tomorrow morning, it was not as though he was jumping into bed with her, or anything.  It was all perfectly innocent.  Except, of course, Art knew that it was not.  In his mind, he had already crossed a different threshold.  Thud, thud, thud, thud.  A vein throbbed in his temple.  In his mind the blood was beating its own angry tune.  He shouldn’t lead her on; not let her expect something that he was not able to fulfil.  He was a married man.  He would tell her tomorrow; he would not leave Luke with her.  They would cross paths occasionally in the park, perhaps say hello, pass the time of day, but that would be where it would end.
Dring, dring.  Dring, dring.  It was a new sound.  The music from next door had stopped as suddenly as it had started, and instead had been replaced by the sound of ringing.  Art looked up surprised.  Dring, dring.  Dring, dring.  It was the telephone.  It was Trevor.  Art did not recognize the voice at first.
“Who?”
“Trev.  Trevor.  What’s up, Art?  You sound half asleep.  I didn’t wake you, did I?”
“Trevor.”  Art finally recalled the voice of the journalist.  “Trevor.  No, that’s fine.  I was... thinking.”
“I should stop that,” his friend quipped, “Bad for the brain.”
“What?  Yes,”  Art was still not mentally firing on all cylinders.
“I suppose you are wondering why I’ve rung?” said Trevor, ignoring Art’s sluggish responses.
“Yes,” agreed Art.  Now he came to think about it, it was strange to hear from Trevor.  He could not recall his friend ever having rung him before, Art hadn’t even been aware that he knew his phone number.  Generally when they had met it was when Art had actually gone along to the newspaper’s offices to visit him in person.  “What's up?”
“As you know the local paper comes out tomorrow.”
“Yes.”
“I’ve written a follow up piece to last week’s story, you know, about the big cat, and I thought that you might like to have a sneak preview before it hits the streets.”
Art was more alert and interested now, although he tried not to convey his enthusiasm to Trevor.  Something was not quite right, Trevor was not normally known for doing anyone a favour without wanting something back in return.  “Oh, yes,” Art said, cautiously.
“There have been a few more... I don't know how best to describe them... occurrences.”
Art could not contain his curiosity, “What?”  He was filled with a mixture of impatience to hear what Trevor had to say and annoyance that the journalist had clearly not kept him updated, even though he knew of Art’s particular interest in the subject.  “Any actual sightings?  Why didn’t you tell me before?  What have you got, Trevor?”
“Calm down, calm down,” said Trevor, “There is nothing definite.  In fact,” he lowered his voice, sounding slightly sheepish, “this is partly why I called you.  I think the whole thing may be a big hoax and that I am being used as the fall guy.”
“Oh?”  Art was still intrigued, “Tell me the whole story.”
It was a strange tale that Trevor went on to recount.  It had begun last Thursday night, when Trevor had received a second anonymous phone call.
“It sounded like the same voice as before,” Trevor said, “Definitely a man’s voice, although it sounded as though he was muffling it somewhat.  A bit melodramatic, but not uncommon.”
“And what did he say?” Art asked.
“Well, it was all a bit Teddy Bears’ Picnic-ish.  You know, if I go down to the woods today I'm in for a big surprise.”
“Was he any more specific?”
“Oh yes, much.  What he actually told me was that there was a fresh carcass... hang on, let me get my notebook and I'll tell you his exact words.”
Art was left holding on to a dumb receiver for several moments before Trevor’s voice returned, “Here we are.  Another killing, is what he said.”
“Where?”  Art’s voice couldn’t disguise his excitement.  “I mean, what?  And where?”
“Well that was a bit odd.  On the golf course.”
“Not a golfer?”  Art could afford to sound flippant.  If an actual person had been attacked the event would have made national news and he could not have failed to have noticed it, even so there was still a hint of hope in his voice, after all, golfer, human, the two words were not necessarily mutually compatible.
“No.  Now that would have been a story,” Trevor sounded excited just imagining the scoop.  “No, the caller didn’t actually stipulate what it was that was dead.  He just suggested that I went to the fifth fairway and looked around close to the trees on the left hand side, and that I should get there early before any golfers played their first round, or before any other animals had removed the remains.  He also said that there was a distinctive footprint in the sand of one of the bunkers on the same hole, which I might find interesting too.  And that was it.  He rang off.”
The information about the footprint reminded Art that he wanted to ask Trevor about any tracks discovered around the first body, that of the Alsatian, and whether he had known about anything else that he had not included in his original article.  That could wait though, Art wanted to hear more about the new developments.  “So, what did you do?”
“Got up early and duly trotted along to the golf course to see what there was to see.”
“And?”
“Well, looking back now, I suppose I was a bit suspicious even then.  It was still barely light when I got to the course, although by the time I found the correct spot the sun was just about up.  I’m not a member there, are you?”
“Of course not,” said Art.
“So I don’t really know my way around, is what I’m saying,” continued Trevor, “Anyhow it took a while to find the fifth fairway.  I seemed like I had been walking for miles, up and down and back and forth.  But I was lucky, though, there was still no one else around, and from the description the caller had given, once I was there, I was able to find both the bunker he mentioned and the body quite swiftly.”
“And?”  Art was desperate for Trevor to give him some concrete facts, something that he could analyze, any clue that might point to the validity or not of his big cat.  “What was it?”
“I don’t know.”  Trevor heard Art’s loud disappointed sigh down the phone, but carried on more positively, “All that remained were several skinned chunks of flesh.  It was actually rather an unsettling sight, these naked, unrecognizable globules of pink meat, strewn around an area about the size of a large snooker table.  I know it sounds a strange analogy, but that was the impression it gave me at the time, you know, the short cut grass of the fairway like the green baize, and these nuggets of meat spread around like the billiard balls, waiting to be dispatched.”
“And how large were the chunks?”
“Not big, fist-sized perhaps.”
“And no fur?”
“Nothing.  Totally stripped clean.  I was a bit freaked, I can tell you.”
Art was puzzled.  The description Trevor had recounted did not conform to the feeding habits of any big cat that he was familiar with, although without having seen the actual evidence it was possible that Trevor’s account was inaccurate.
“So what did you do?”
“Picked up the chunks and took them with me.”
“What!”  Art sounded incredulous.  “You mean no one else except for you got to see any of this.”
“Didn’t want any competition, did I,” said Trevor, trying to justify his actions, “Don't worry.  I took some photographs of the area before I disturbed anything.”
Art sighed again, “Well that’s something, I suppose.  Mind if I look at them.”
“Be my guest.  I’ll post a set to you.”
“And what about the footprint?”
“Yes, I photographed that too.”
“It was really there, where the guy said it would be?”  Art was excited again, “Can you describe it?”
“Yes.  It was much as you'd expect from a large cat.  I’ve done a bit of research myself since I wrote the first article.  In fact, it was the print rather than the carrion that initially convinced me that there was still something on the loose out there in the woods.”
“Bit convenient it treading in the sand, just where a footprint was likely to show,” said Art sceptically.  “It’s classic hoax stuff.”
“I didn’t know that, did I,” said Trevor, “I was just excited at making a discovery.  Anyway, hear me out, I'm still not sure if it is a hoax or not.  I’d like your reaction.”
“So, the footprint?” Art prompted again.
Trevor became surprisingly scientific in his description, “Four distinct impressions of toes in a circular arc around a three lobe pad.”
“Sounds about right.”
“It was big too.  Even allowing for the soft sand and the time that had lapsed before I saw it, it looked big to me.”
“And you destroyed this too?” Art questioned.
“Of course.”  Trevor went on to explain his reasoning, “The groundsman, or whatever equivalent it is that they have on golf courses, would only have raked away the evidence without so much as a second glance.”
Art was ruing the fact that the period of time that Trevor was describing was the very morning that he had been in the woods on his own private cat hunt, only he had discovered nothing when by all account there was a trail to follow as wide as the Avenida 9 de Julio.  “Send me that photo too?”
“Sure thing.”
“So what are you not telling me?” said Art, “You’ve still got your big cat, more importantly you’ve still got your big story.  What has now made you get all windy?”
“It’s happened again.”
“What!”  Art sounded amazed.
“Exactly the same circumstances.  Anonymous phone call.  Tipping me off to be in the park first thing.”
“When was this?”
“Just this evening, immediately before I rang you.”
“You mean the evidence is still there.”
“That’s right, if the caller is to be believed.”
“Where?”
“Just off the canal, close to the watercress beds.  Do you know the weak bridge?”
“Yes, I know where you mean.”
“There is a water-logged track which runs from there around past the cress beds and down a slight incline before it merges with the river again.  He said it wouldn’t take much looking for.”
“I’ll find it.”
“You mean you’ll go?”
“Just try to stop me,” said Art.
“But it must be a set up,” said Trevor.
“Most likely,” agreed Art, “but it is in your interest if I manage to prove that it is not, right?”
“I guess so,” said Trevor miserably, already thinking ahead to the apology he was more than likely going to have to print in the following week’s paper.
“By the way, Trevor,” Art began, “While we are on the subject, why didn’t you tell me about the tracks around the Alsatian you discovered?”
“What tracks?”
“Footprints.  Around the body.”
Trevor sounded confused, “How do you mean?  I don’t recall any.  I never saw the body, remember.  All those coppers around that day, I never got any closer to it than you did.  All I had to go on was my tip-off’s information.”
Art was thoughtful.  “Thanks Trevor,” he said, “I’ll call you if I discover anything.”  He put down the receiver.  If what Trevor had said was true, the journalist’s evening caller and Art’s mysterious HPL200890 might share more in common than just their anonymity.
Tomorrow morning: it could not come quickly enough.  Art just hoped that Rupa wouldn’t mind if he ignored her request and gave her an early morning wake up call.
Chapter Fifteen:  Wednesday

“The Beast of Exmoor was tracked by both the army and several specialist investigators, the most notable of whom - Nigel Brierly - concluded that there was not one, but several, mystery big cats - most probably pumas - at liberty in the region, perhaps as a result of having been released by a private collector.”

Art would never have admitted it, but he actually quite enjoyed choosing what Luke was going to wear for the day.  There was such a range of mix-and-match possibilities, all in their own miniature versions of the adult equivalents.  Combat trousers and camouflage T-shirts, denim dungarees, and Bob the Builder jogging bottoms with matching sweatshirts.  Art had not quite indulged Luke to the point that some other parents had, dressing their own children in designer label clothing and tiny Nike trainers, but he did generally take more time and trouble over his son’s presentation to the world than he ever did on his own appearance.
This morning was different though; time was of the essence.  Art had set his alarm clock for six o’clock.  He would have liked to have risen even earlier, but common decency prevented him from presenting himself at Rupa’s door any earlier than seven o’clock.  Seven o’clock!  She would be furious.  He just hoped that he could explain the urgency of the situation; just hoped that she would even open the front door.  
Luke was still half asleep: normally, he began to stir as it began to get light outside, but today Art was able to change his nappy and put him in a fresh outfit before he had fully opened both eyes.  The small child yawned widely and then smiled as he looked up into the face of his father.  He was generally an accommodating baby by nature: this early start might not be part of the normal daily routine, but he would run with it and see what his father had in mind.  No point in voicing his disapproval quite yet, things might work out for the good, and provided that an imminent meal was included in the unscheduled plans, then chances were that he would be quite content.  It was something that Art had not overlooked, and while he was scooping porridge into his offspring’s mouth with one hand, with the other he was packing his rucksack with some of the items that he considered that he might need that morning: notepad, pen, the pages he had printed out from the internet, his camera, a ruler for measuring any prints; he would have liked to have been able to take some casts but he didn’t have any of the right moulding plaster, if only Luke had been a little older he would have probably had buckets of the stuff around the house.  Okay, everything was ready.  He had his coat and backpack; Luke was in his buggy and had his bottle of milk with him, his change bag, a banana and a pot of edible orange mush for the day; he had his house keys, the gas was turned off, double-check that he had remembered to put on a pair of trousers - one of these days Art was convinced that he would walk out into the street dressed in just his boxer shorts, or was that just one of those anxiety dreams?
It was still dark outside as Art rang the bell beside Rupa’s door.  At first there was no reply and then finally, after a second ring, an upstairs window cautiously opened and an unfamiliar, and bleary-eyed, woman’s face appeared.
“Who are you?” said the disembodied voice, “What do you want?”
Art was momentarily confused, “Is this number 73?  I’m sorry, I think I may have the wrong house. I was looking for Rupa.  Rupinder...”
The head at the window disappeared and was replaced by a second one, the expression on the face of the new arrival no less tired than the previous incumbent, but at least this time it was recognizable.  “Art.  Do you know what time it is?”
Art found himself apologizing for a second time, “I’m really sorry.  Something’s cropped up.  I can’t explain now, but are you still able to look after Luke for me?  You’d be doing me a massive favour.”
“You’re not kidding,” said Rupa, although not sounding as annoyed as she might have been justified in being.  She continued, “Give me two minutes to dress and I’ll come on down.”

•••

Two minutes, plus a further two minutes of grovelling “thank yous” to Rupinder and her sister and hurried farewells to Luke, plus a further ten minutes of brisk walking, brought Art to the entrance at the station side of the park and to the first narrow foot bridge over the River Gade.  From there it was only a short distance to the area outlined by Trevor on the phone the previous evening.  Art just hoped that he had not already been beaten to the scene.
Away from the glow of the nearest street-lights it was still surprisingly dark by the river, and even though the sun was just beginning to make an appearance above the tree-lined horizon the sky was a thick blanket of clouds that looked determined to ensure that its arrival would not be heralded by warmth and brightness.  Even in the half light, though, Art was familiar enough with his location to be able to navigate a course through the criss-cross of tarmacked pedestrian trails until he found himself standing on a small, stone bridge over the canal, beside a row of half a dozen, white-washed, terraced cottages, from which a rough, gravel track led steeply uphill, disappearing at its summit into the trees, presumably linking this small, woodland community with the busy metropolis some distance beyond.
Weak bridge was how Trevor had described it: ‘weak bridge’ was exactly what it said on the sign in front of Art now.  Beneath the bridge, on the canal, several barges and a couple of squat, river boats, the height of their tarpaulined superstructures almost out-stretching their length, were moored, tied up by taut ropes to the stone side of the canal.  From one vessel, a plume of white smoke billowed out from a narrow, rooftop chimney, the light vapour contrasting sharply with the dark water and lowering trees beyond, but otherwise there were no apparent signs of life.  The houses were silent too: they were gloomy, lifeless-looking structures; their facades damp and cold, the white paint on their lower walls stained green with moss and algae as if they had soaked up the worst detritus of the canal; acted like a filtration sponge for the surrounding water table.  
Art followed the track downhill, across the bridge, where it ran past a high, wooden planked fence on the right-hand side and the open wood on the left-hand side.  The ground here, sandwiched between the canal on one side and the river on the other, was boggy and water-logged, and the lower portion of each tree trunk here was submerged to a depth of several inches in black, still waters, across the top of which, in several places, thick, lime-green pond weed had formed a beguiling carpet, giving an initial impression of permanence and stability.  The air smelt stale and mildewy, like a little-used basement full of old books, the atmosphere almost a tangible miasma, like the first stagnant breath of an inchoate world; there was a chill about the place too, that Art could not imagine would ever be relieved by the sun’s rays.  Without that coldness, the scene could almost have resembled a miniature version of the Florida Everglades, or a remote corner of the Amazon basin, but unlike either of those rich ecosystems, which had the capacity to support a staggering diversity of life, this place felt dead, stagnant and putrefying.  Which reminded Art: he had a corpse to find.
The wooden fence was broken down in several places, and through one of the gaps in the planks Art peered through at a flat expanse of water too perfectly square in shape to have possibly formed naturally.  These were the watercress beds, a cultivated area of wetland separated from the rest of the park by the wooden barrier and a series of white, hand-written signs, warning trespassers to keep away.  The path that Trevor had described ran directly into this prohibited zone.  Art, normally a great respecter of private property, on this occasion did not think twice: there was a man-sized hole almost beckoning him to penetrate the perimeter fence.  It was an invitation that he did not turn down.  There was still no one around and little prospect that anyone would ever emerge to confront him - after all, watercress, how much looking after does it need?
The path petered out very quickly, leaving Art standing on a raised hummock of broken down and rotting reeds, beneath which the ground felt dangerously soft and spongy, in between two cress beds which, at this time of year, without any sign of their future crop, appeared as two unfathomable empty pools, their parameters meticulously marked by the aid of a thin, green plastic twine, which was stretched, with the aid of supporting poles, all around the boundaries of the water, at a height of just a few inches above ground level.  Where the path ended, it was replaced instead by a thin, but steady, trickle of water, defiantly ignoring the restrictions opposed by the green twine, flowing between the left and right hand pools, and beyond this transient stream was thick mud, indicating that at some point in time the breach had been even greater.
It was the mud that held Art temporarily transfixed.  Or, at least, the deep imprint, unmistakably that of a wild animal’s footprint, which was evident in the soft, brown ground, just a few feet away from the point where he currently stood.  A short distance further on there was another track, this one slightly deeper than the first, although the impression of pad and toes was more indistinct.  Beyond that there was nothing disrupting the uniform, unblemished surface of the wet earth, suggesting that the creature that had left the tracks had stepped from the relative solidity of the reed cushion, padded twice into the soft and tell-tale mud, and from there had waded into the shallow waters at the edge of the cress beds.  Superficially, there was nothing here inconsistent with the tracks having been made by a puma.  Although it is widely believed that big cats do not like water, the wild puma is adapted to a wide range of different environments, many living in rain forest and swamp conditions, some even making up the largest part of their diet with fish.  Art bent down to examine the print more closely and it was only then that he noticed the twist of white sinew and muscle protruding from the dark mud, grotesque and out-of-place, like a bone sticking out from the skin.  There was a glistening sheen of moisture on the surface of the exposed flesh as though it was covered in a protective dew, and across this slippery patina a couple of small, black beetles slid and persevered, trying to get a purchase on the unexpected bounty.  Now that Art glanced about, he noticed that he had passed a similarly gruesome-looking bundle a short distance back along the path he had already walked, and there was a further chunk of meat half in the water, close to where he stood.  It was all very much like the scene that Trevor had described discovering on the golf course: the same nugget sized pieces of flesh, naked and unnerving stripped of their skin and fur, but also bloodless and serene; the scene not quite conjuring up images of gory battle or recent violence, more redolent of a carefully staged still life.
Art removed his camera from his rucksack and adjusted the lens, ready to take close-up images of the evidence before him.  The light was still poor for photography and he had to open the shutter to its widest capacity in order to compensate; he could have used the automatic flash facility on his camera, but he did not want to introduce any artificial light into the pictures he intended to take.  He should have brought along a tripod he realized now; it would have been useful to have had a long exposure time, but with a hand-held camera he could not risk the final images being blurred.  Methodically, Art photographed each piece of flesh and both animal tracks from as many different angles as he could obtain a vantage point without adding his own footprints into the soft earth and so obscuring the overall scene.  He then retraced a few steps back down the path in order to take several photos of the area as a whole.  Next he retrieved the pen and paper, and the ruler, which had been inveigled into the deepest corner of his pack, such that Art doubted himself, momentarily, that he had even remembered to pack the item, and meticulously measured and recorded the dimensions of each footprint, plus the respective distances from each piece of meat to the next.  Art, at this stage, was not entirely sure what he was planning to do with all this recorded data, but it seemed like a sensible scientific approach to catalogue the site before it was ultimately destroyed.  He had had the foresight to pack several polythene sandwich bags and these now doubled up as secure specimen holders, into which he teased each one of the lumps of carcass with the aid of the ruler and a deft flick.  Art wrinkled up his nose as the final piece was prized out of the mud with an audible noise of suction as though something unseen below the surface of the brown ooze was unwilling to let its vile booty be released.  The pieces of meat were unrecognizable to Art, he could not construe from what living creature these denuded remains could once have belonged, they were just so much anonymous white flesh, the pale surface a tracery of thin red lines of vein and artery, but he thought that it should not be too difficult to find someone who could put a name to the unfortunate prey from the bits that he collected.  That, at least, would be one step closer to identifying his quarry.  
Taken in isolation, Art would have been overjoyed, ecstatic, to have stumbled upon such an abundance of evidence to support the theory of the existence of a big cat in local residence, but because he already knew about the golf course site, it was impossible not to think of the whole tableau as an elaborate hoax.  But performed by whom?  And for what motive?  Art realized that he was finding more questions than answers.  He took a final look at the two footprints, an involuntary shiver running down his spine, as he realized that if he had not been so sure that he was looking at manufactured evidence, the contrary case meant that there was a dangerous predator in the vicinity, and perhaps still very close to where he was currently standing.  He glanced about him, but the distant trees held no more menace than they had done previously and he did not have the uncomfortable sensation of being watched by unseen eyes.  Quite the opposite, he felt very much alone.
Unlike Trevor before him, it was a dilemma for Art whether to destroy the tracks in the mud but, concluding that nothing more could be served by their remaining intact, he retraced his steps only far enough to acquire a large stick, and then with the blunt end of his new tool obscured the soft ground such that no telltale marks remained for any would-be future investigators.  He wanted to reread the notes he had pulled off the internet concerning pumas, but this hardly seemed the most conducive spot, instead he decided that his time would be more profitably spent speaking to some of the local barge owners to see if anyone had heard or seen anything suspicious in the woods.  It was not a task Art particularly relished; he was not naturally gregarious, and far from his romantic notion of barge folk living in picturesque, brightly coloured longboats, the vessels that he had passed had almost without exception been strictly utilitarian, and he feared the reception that he was likely to receive would be unenthusiastic at best.
It was with heavy steps that Art returned to the weak bridge, and not just because of the accumulation of muck on the soles of his boots.  It should have been a joyous occasion: he had been looking for evidence of a wild animal at large in the woods and now he had found it.  If only he didn’t have the associated doubts as well.  What does constitute authentic evidence?  Isn’t almost all cryptozoology data subject to critical scrutiny and charges of dubious authenticity?  Of course, there have been so many hoaxes in the past that it is often easier to be a sceptic than to be a believer: the Surgeon’s photograph of the Loch Ness monster has been discredited; the classic Big Foot film is thought to be a man in a bear skin.  Belief.  It wasn’t easy.   Ask any martyr, it never has been.  Perhaps John had been right when he had talked in his cups about cryptozoology being a religion; Art knew that this should not be the case, that to gain any credence it had to be seen as an academic discipline with established criteria and provable objectives, but he recognized that, for himself, the element of faith was key to the pursuit.  He owed it to his religion to believe in this puma; he owed it to himself.
Leaning on the white-washed balustrade that prevented the unwary, or unsteady, from plummeting from the brick-built bridge into the canal below, Art watched two swans, attempting to steal a march on the rest of their population in the race for reproduction, gathering material with the purpose of building a large nest on a raised bank, at a point where the stream bifurcated, one fork disappearing over a low cataract, the other joining up with the course of the main river.  The birds’ position was further isolated from the main path by the surrounding waterlogged ground.  Across the marshy panorama, their bright, white heads reared and twisted, like prehistoric creatures in an antediluvian swamp, shifting twigs and plant debris, building up the sides of their reed-based love nest, their serpentine necks entwining sensuously before separating once again.  They worked diligently, unaware of their human observer.  Art thought of Rupa: perhaps he could bring her here, she would be interested in seeing the swans.  Luke would too: he pictured his son’s outstretched, pointing hand, and exclamation of surprise when he saw the big, white birds.  Sandy might not prove such a popular visitor, but the swans appeared to have chosen the site of their nest well and Art thought that it would prove impregnable against the zealous dog.  There were other little sounds: the crack of wood and leaf, and the furtive scurry of small feet in amongst the low undergrowth which spread across the moist ground like a shroud, concealing more than it revealed.  Art occasionally caught sight of a small, dark bird, a sparrow perhaps, or sometimes a blackbird, as he turned towards each new noise from the forest floor, but more often than not his quarry remained invisible to him.  So it was with the puma: the big cat could be mere feet away from where he currently stood, but without a noise or a movement to give away its presence, it would be as invisible to Art as if it was just a figment of his imagination, and Art did not need that fact reiterated to make him aware that that was still the most likely scenario.
The barges remained silent and devoid of life, although the plume of smoke that he had witnessed earlier was still trailing up skywards from one boat.  It was as good a place to start as any.

•••

Janet had not slept well.  Sometimes the quiet, rhythmic sound of the water brushing against the hull of the barge and the louder, hollow thud as the wooden vessel rocked against the metal buffer on the stone wall of the side of the canal acted like a tranquillizer to her, transporting her into immediate and deep repose, but last night it had had the opposite effect.  Janet had lay awake well into the early hours, listening alertly for each new night noise, unable to allow the regular sounds of the boat to merge into a background blur, keenly waiting for each fresh roll and thump.  The whole evening had been a disaster.  First, her parents had shown no sign of going out like they normally did on a Wednesday evening.  Her mother had declared that she had a headache and wanted to have an early night, and her father had crashed and banged around in the main cabin, loudly complaining that they could have been enjoying themselves in the pub by now.  Finally, he had left on his own, and her mother had locked herself away in their sleeping quarters accompanied, Janet suspected, with a bottle of whisky rather than a paracetamol.  She had already been made late to meet Rob, but she was confident that he would wait for her.  She had not been able to meet him last week, because her father had insisted that she accompany her mother to her aunt’s house for a few days, so he would be feeling desperate for her female ministrations by now.  Janet had smiled: she was feeling pretty desperate herself.  She had been halfway along the towpath, anticipation of her forthcoming union growing with each quickened step, when that idiot man from the barge opposite had stepped out from the woods and surprised her half to death.  At first she had not recognized him; after the initial shock she had actually thought that it was Rob, having grown impatient of waiting under the tree and come to meet her, but as soon as he spoke she had realized her mistake.
“Where are you going?” Tal had said.  “Shouldn’t you be in bed?”  Had it been her imagination, or had he lingered over the last word, drooling as though he had a mouth full of saliva?
She had sounded guilty and confused, annoyed also, that she was having to justify her actions, “Just for a walk.  You scared me.”
Janet had not been able to see the expression on the man’s face in the darkness, but she had sensed him smile as he answered, “Why?  Guilty conscience?”
“No,” she had blustered, “Of course not.  What do you mean?” she had added more angrily.
“Nothing.  I just wondered if your dad knew that you were out walking so late.  I’m sure he wouldn’t want to see you come to any harm.”
“I’m not a child,” Janet had said.
There had been that lingering pause again, “No.  Oh, I know that.”
Janet had felt herself flush.  “Will you let me pass,” she had said, aware that Tal had effectively blocked the path ahead of her, such that she would have to either brush against the encroaching shrubbery to her left, or risk stepping perilously close to the open water on her right, if she didn’t want to actually press her body against his.  After a slight pause, as though to further establish that he was the person in control of this situation and that any concessions were only granted on his terms and in his time, he had stepped aside, allowing her to push by him, but even then she had heard his words behind her as she was swallowed up into the darkness, “What would your dad say?”
It was something that she didn’t dare think about.  Her father would be livid if he got the slightest inkling that she had been sneaking out of the boat at night unchaperoned; incandescent with rage if he ever found out about Rob.  Except, of course, it didn’t look like she was going to have to worry about that possibility now.  That had been the thing that had capped off the whole evening: Rob had not shown up.  She realized that she had been late, but that was not normally enough to deter him, quite the opposite, sometimes it only seemed to sharpen his expectation; his desperation.  Even if he had grown weary of waiting for her, he normally left a note: a few hand-written words on a slip of paper, hidden in the hollow at the base of the tree - their letterbox as they had christened it.  But there had been nothing.  It was clear that he had not turned up at all.  Most likely, he had grown bored of her; had found someone else, one of the college girls he occasionally mentioned.  She did not really blame him.  What could she offer in comparison to them?  She had waited for a few minutes beneath the branches of the rendezvous point, but it was more to allow time for Tal to clear off rather than with any great hope that Rob would be coming now.  He was never late.  It was one of the things that she liked about him.
Janet shuddered as she remembered returning to the barge in the dark, conscious that Tal’s watchful eyes could be focused upon her every step, viewing her from some invisible hiding place in the woods.  She was aware that he watched her from his own boat each evening: at first, she had been flattered by his furtive attention; amused that she could exercise a measure of control over a fellow human being.  Since she had met Rob she had been conscious that she had rationed her exhibitions; he had given her a self-confidence and respect that she had not experienced before, and suddenly her night-time displays had seemed cheap and tawdry to her.  But now he was gone.  Perhaps he had never really liked her.  Why should he?  What was she, after all?  An uneducated bargee.  They had had nothing in common.  She had been stupid even to think that she could have changed her situation.  Rob had been a lifeline to a different world: he would have introduced her to interesting people; he would have bought her nice clothes; she would have been taken to smart parties at big houses.  Rob had talked about them all the time; he had promised to take her - next week, there would always be another one next week.  He had provided a link between reality and the fantasy world that she only read about in glossy magazines.  But that frail connection had now been severed.  And so what was she left with?  Tal?  Or another of his kind.  There were plenty enough similar chancers that she had met during her years on the waterways.  But someone else like Rob: there was little prospect of ever meeting someone like him again.
The tap on the window was so slight that at first Janet thought that it was just the wind rattling the surround where the glass met the metal casement, but when the noise was repeated, louder this time, she drew back the drape across her cabin window and looked out, to be confronted by a strange man’s face peering anxiously in, his nose almost pressed up against the glass.  He drew back seeing her startled expression, but otherwise showed no signs of moving on.
“What do you want?” Janet mouthed through the glass.
The man made a series of complicated hand gestures which appeared to indicate that he would like to speak to her outside, either that or he was conveying a more complicated message in a form of semaphore that she was not familiar with.
Janet held up a finger to convey that she would be one minute and then pulled the curtain back across her window, blocking out the stranger’s view.  She was still dressed in only her night attire and she had no desire to add numbers to her voyeuristic audience ratings while she changed into her day clothes.  He had looked all right, though, not the normal kind of loser who visited her father and sometimes disturbed the family at all hours of the day or night.  Janet wondered what he could want.  She also wondered what had happened to her mother.  She had not heard her father return last night, but it was not unusual for him to stay away for days at a time, but she had not heard her mother rise early and leave the barge.  Perhaps she had taken something for her headache after all, and was dead to the world in her own cabin.  She would see what the stranger wanted first and then investigate.
Once dressed, Janet opened the door at the front of the barge and stepped out on deck.  It was cold but it looked as though it was going to be a nice day, the earlier clouds having begun to disperse.  She stretched her arms wide, embracing the morning, and yawned.
“Hello,” said the stranger uncertainly, “I’m sorry to disturb you.”
Quite posh accent.  Could it be one of Rob’s friends?  Perhaps he had sent someone to explain why he had not turned up the previous night.  A bit old, though, this bloke must be almost thirty.  Janet could not really imagine her erstwhile boyfriend and this man having a great deal in common.  Nice looking though - she could forget ‘old’ when there was ‘nice looking’ as compensation.  Janet struck a self-consciously provocative pose, her hip thrust forward, her hand resting on her side, saying, “It’s okay.  I was up anyway.”
Art gulped.  When he had chosen this barge as the objective for the first point of call on his investigations, he had imagined his encounter to be with a surly, unshaven canal-farer; a mariner with decades of experience of the waterways of England behind him; a man, basically.  The young woman standing before him was something of a surprise.  “Is this your barge?” he asked, rather lamely.
It was a question that would have raised the suspicions of anyone.  Janet’s brow furrowed, “What’s it to you?”
Art blustered on, “I’m sorry.  No, what I meant was...  I mean, I’m just surprised.  I was expecting...”
“Do you want my father?” Janet asked aggressively.  It looked as though this was going to just turn out to be another one of her father’s punters, a bit different to the usual deadbeats, but a loser none-the-less.  She removed her hand from her hip and stuck her chin out confrontationally, bending down towards the man who, standing on the bank, was at a height disadvantage while she remained on board the boat.
“No,” Art said, “I mean, not unless... No, I’m sure that you will do fine.”
Janet looked confused, “What?”
“I’m not explaining very well.”  Art finally found his tongue, “I’d like to ask you a few questions.” Art continued hurriedly, seeing the sudden look of fear flash across the young woman’s face, “It’s nothing serious.  I just want to...”  He stumbled over his words, embarrassed now to explain the reason behind his visit, before eventually deciding just to leap in feet first, “This is going to sound crazy, but have you ever seen a big cat in the woods?”
Janet’s expression changed from one of suspicion to one of amusement.  When she realized that the man in front of her was earnest in his intentions she actually laughed out loud, before saying, “You’d better come inside and I’ll tell you all about it.”

•••

Like Janet, Tal had not slept well.  He was feeling confused and also slightly worried.  The initial plan for the previous evening had gone well, flawlessly even.  Ray and Jack had been more than eager to lend their muscle, when Tal had explained that a barge daughter’s reputation was at stake and, if they had needed any further convincing, had accepted the fifty pounds he had offered as generous payment for work which was envisaged to be of no more than a couple of minutes duration.  “Not too rough,” Tal had stipulated, “Just enough to scare him off.”
Tal himself had taken up a position concealed in the obscurity of the trees, by the side of the canal towpath, ready to delay Janet should she decide to be early for her nocturnal tryst.  The last thing he wanted was for Janet to walk into the beating that he had scheduled for her young lover.  As it happened, his precautions were unnecessary: Janet had been late herself for the rendezvous, so much so that he had even had time to be able to meet up with Ray and Jack and have them confirm that the target had been “sorted”.
“We left him there,” Jack had said, “Underneath the tree you said.  Just where she’ll find him.”
“He’s out cold,” Ray had said, “But he’ll come around shortly.  We only gave him a tap.  Just say the word if you want...”  Ray had nodded to indicate that an invitation to further violence would not be an unacceptable suggestion to them.
“No,” Tal had said.  He only wanted to discourage Rob, not do him any serious harm.  He had heard the way he had spoken about Janet when he had been eavesdropping in the supermarket, there was no real respect there, no real affection, she was just a ‘bit of rough’ to this young man from the fancy estate.  A few bruises would be enough for him to tell her that he wanted to have no more to do with her.  By the end of the evening their relationship would be in ruins.  And who would be waiting in the wings, there to comfort Janet if she need it?  Tal had smiled to himself.  It was just a matter of waiting.  She would come to him, eventually.  She would beg for him, eventually.
He had not been able to resist detaining her, when she had eventually come along the towpath that evening.  She had looked so expectant, so happy, he could not prevent himself from slipping out from his hiding place and surprising her.  It had been a mistake, he realized as much now.  She had been angry with him.  It was not the impression that he was hoping to create, but he had been excited.  Oh, why had he been so foolish?  Why, when he had waited so long, couldn’t he have been patient for just a short time longer and have her served up on a plate?
He had returned to his own boat after leaving her; had gone the long way around via the small bridge, rather than risk following Janet and encountering her as she discovered Rob.  He wanted that surprise to be hers, and hers alone.  He had waited for her return, not knowing if it would be swift or long, not knowing how she would react upon seeing the broken body of her boyfriend, or how she would behave when he told her that he wanted no more to do with her.  In the end, his vigil had been surprisingly brief.  He had heard the quiet footsteps before he had seen her figure in the moonlight.  She had been alone, which he had expected, but she had not been sobbing, as he had imagined in his perfect scenario, instead, she had boarded the barge much as she did on any other evening and, when her face had been momentarily illuminated as she opened the external cabin door and the light from within shone fully upon her, the expression revealed was one of mild annoyance, rather than the despair or horror that he had pictured.
His first thought was that Ray and Jack had stitched him up, had taken his money without doing the job they had promised, but if that had been the case Rob would have been there at the rendezvous as arranged and, by now, the two of them would have been hard at it in the dark woods; there would be no reason for her to be returning so soon.  Perhaps she had just not found him?  Although Ray and Jack had been quite precise on this point, they had laid him out at the base of the tree - it seemed inconceivable that she wouldn’t have stumbled upon his unconscious body.  Did she care so little, that she had just left him there?
Tal had decided that there was little point in this idle speculation.  He would do as he had always done.  He would wait and he would watch.

•••

Having initially congratulated himself on obtaining such a useful invitation, Art was now beginning to wonder if there was any escape from the submarine confines of the longboat; his shipmate was proving rather too hospitable for his liking and Art was fast becoming aware that it was not only information that his young companion was prepared to offer.  He could not deny, though, that her initial confessions had been interesting, to say the least.
“We heard it one night.  A great cry it was.  Scared us half to death.  Me and my boyfriend that was.  Not that we are together now,” Janet had continued, “That relationship is over.”  She had glanced at Art mischievously, at the same time biting at her bottom lip with her front teeth.
“Can you describe it any more?” Art had pursued.  “The cry,” he had clarified, seeing that Janet would have been only too prepared to reveal any intimacies about herself and her former love.
“It was terrifying, sort of inhuman.”
“And when was this?”
“A week or so ago.”
“You can’t be more precise?”
“No.  Hang on, yes, perhaps I can.  It was the last time I met Rob.  You know, Rob, he was the one I was telling you about.  Although we are not seeing each other anymore.  It must have been Friday.”
“Last Friday?”
“No, the week before.”
“And you’ve not heard anything since.  Not last night, for example?”
“No,” Janet said truthfully, before adding when she saw the look of disappointment pass across Art’s face, “I know someone that’s seen it though.”
“What!”
“A big cat, you say?”
“That’s right,” said Art, excitement getting the better of both his reason and his manners, “When was this?”
“Last night was it you said?”
“That’s right,” confirmed Art.
“Well that’s when he saw it.”
“Who?  Where?  What?”  Art could barely restrain himself from gripping hold of the young woman’s arms and shaking the information out of her, such was his desire to hear more facts.
Janet, for her part, was both a little surprised and a little terrified at how effective her lure had been.  She had only invented her imaginary observer in the hope of detaining Art for a few extra minutes, perhaps just long enough to seduce him with a winning smile or a quick flash of leg; she had been scared that as soon as he discovered that she had no new evidence to impart on the subject of his big cat that he would have been gone as swiftly as his elusive quarry.  Now though, she suddenly saw a way of extending their association, perhaps even meeting him again away from the possible interruptions of either of her parents - something that she was keenly aware could occur at any moment.  It would be one over on Rob too; screw him for standing her up, she could do better than him.  To Art she said, “It’s just someone I know.  I heard him talking about it.  Saw it in the woods, that’s what he said,” she added.
“Can I meet this person?” asked Art.  “Can you tell me where to find him?”
“I can do better than that,” said Janet, “I’ll take you.”
“Great,” said Art.  He began to head towards the door of the longboat, “Let’s go.”
Janet had already worked out her plan, “I can’t now.”
Art stopped in his tracks, looking dismayed, “Why not?”
“He works the canals.  You know, up and down, up and down.  He’s not here any longer.”
“What did he tell you?”
“Just that he had seen a big cat.  Huge, he said.”  Janet’s description became more elaborate as she began to convince herself of the truth of her words, “I got the impression that it proper scared him.  Two big eyes staring out at him.”
“Was this at night he saw it?” Art asked.
Janet studied Art’s face carefully, trying to judge from his expression and from the intonation of his words whether he was expecting a ‘yes’ or a ‘no’ answer.  Eventually, unwilling to commit herself to an incorrect response which might throw doubt upon the validity of her claim, she answered, “He didn’t say.”
“Nothing more?”
Janet could see that she needed to keep Art hooked; the meagre crumbs that she had offered him were not enough to sustain him for long, “He’ll be back again soon.  It’s like I said, he travels up and down, up and down, regular as clockwork.”
“When will he be back?” asked Art, desperate to cling on to any lifeline.
“What’s today?”  Janet needed time to think.  Her parents would be in tonight and it was unlikely that she would be able to exit the longboat and meet this man without them finding out.  The same was true of tomorrow.
“Wednesday,” Art said helpfully.
Janet was still weighing up her options.  The day after tomorrow.  It would have been one of her usual Rob nights.  The coast was generally clear then.  “Friday,” she finally said.  “He’ll be back again on Friday.  Not until late though.  Around eight.”
He was going to have to make arrangements about Luke again, but it was an opportunity too good to turn down; a chance to meet someone who had actually come face-to-face with the puma.  “Shall I meet him here?” Art asked.
“No.”  Janet said the word quickly: that was the last thing that she wanted.  “There is a tall tree close to the big canal bridge.”  She pointed along the boat cabin in the direction that she meant.  “It’s got a large ball of mistletoe at the top of it.  You can’t miss it.  I’ll meet you there and then I will take you to him.
Art thought that he already knew the place that Janet described, “I’ll find it,” he said.  He turned, opened the cabin door and began to climb back on deck, “Eight o’clock, Friday,” he confirmed as his passing comment.
“Yer, see you Friday,” Janet said.  Yer, nice bum, Janet thought.
Chapter Sixteen:  Wednesday night

“In May 1992, Ron Mills, a mechanic from Tipton in the Midlands, encountered what he described as a large lynx-like cat with tufted ears, foraging around beside dustbins on a housing estate in the centre of town.”

There was a smell of rotting wood and wet, decaying leaf matter and also something else, something musky and alive, a rich, pungent smell that made his nostrils flare with repugnance.  All things considered though, Rob was just happy to be able to experience his sense of smell at all, and it had been the throbbing pain in his head that had made him throw up the moment that he regained consciousness, not the unpleasant olfactory sensations that he was picking up from his surroundings.  He had still not summoned up the courage to open his eyes, instead he had been trying to gather as much knowledge of his environment as he could from the messages brought back by his other four senses.  Smell, he had decided, was not altogether encouraging.  Taste was largely useless to him, although the rich, body smell of sweat was so thick in the air that he felt as though it could have almost been ladled into his mouth, and he was only sure that the essence was a smell rather than a taste because his mouth was efficiently sealed by a tight gag which made any oral sensation or communication impossible.  And hearing?  He had listened at some length, silent himself in order not to miss the smallest noise, but there was not a sound, not the rush of the wind blowing, or the rustle of leaves in the trees, not a bird call or the slightest sound of life, nothing except the steady beat of the blood running through his veins, pulsing loud in his ears as though he was hearing the noise from deep inside the earth on which he lay prone.  It was odd, his hearing was proving the most contradictory of all his senses; he felt sure that he must still be somewhere within the woods, but all the natural, outside sounds were somehow blocked to him.  It was as though he was entombed in a protective womb, impregnable to anything beyond its mothering walls.
He was left with touch.  He was aware that his wrists were bound and that his hands were uncomfortably tied behind his back, and any sensation that he might have felt there had long since disappeared from where he had been laying on top of them for he didn’t know how many hours.  The rest of his body ached exhaustingly from the beating he had received; his ribs felt bruised perhaps broken, and his head was thick with the blow that he had received to his forehead.  He was glad that he could not see or touch his nose; he could feel the dryness of what he presumed was congealed blood on his top lip and in his nostrils but he did not like to contemplate what sort of a mess the front of his face was in - a Picasso painting could be his mirror.  The thought made him smile, and then laugh - laugh until the pain in his chest was unbearable - and then cry until he drifted back into unconsciousness again.
Waking for a second time, Rob felt, rather than actually witnessed, that the atmosphere around him had changed slightly.  It had got darker: even without opening his eyes he was aware that the amount of light he was experiencing on the closed lids above his retinas was perceivably reduced.  It was colder too.  He shivered, and this time because of the chill and not through fear alone.  He was quite certain that he was alone: despite the all-pervading animal stench, there were no other indications of another living presence in close proximity; no sounds of breathing, no movement at all.  He opened his eyes now, but he already knew that they would tell him little: the darkness was total.  He could only guess that he was in a cave, or a warren of some sort, certainly he felt caged, the sense of claustrophobia was intense, the walls of his tomb hemming him in even if he could not actually see them.  How had he come to be here?  He had to presume that his nocturnal attackers had brought him here with a purpose as yet undisclosed.  He could feel a tight cord around his ankles, adding to his shackles, but he was not restrained so completely that he could not move at all.  He arched his back as best he could and tried to edge himself forward caterpillar-style, bringing his bent legs up to his chest and then straightening out full length once again, inching along head first, on his left side, each movement an agony of bruised limbs and tired muscles.  He did not know in which direction he was travelling; whether he was burrowing deeper into the ground, or if he would suddenly break through into the fresh air and daylight.  He did not have long to speculate before he was halted abruptly, his head striking something hard and solid, and he realized that he had reached a dead end.  Dead end.  The thought suddenly struck him: what if his captors did not return?  He had assumed that he was being kept prisoner for some specific reason.  But what if that was not the case?  He might have just been left here, in this burrow in the ground, like a discarded mattress; too awkward to shift far, too big to dispose of completely.  Perhaps they had assumed that he was already dead?  Or that they had deliberately buried him alive.  Perhaps there was no way out of this tomb?  Panic momentarily took possession of him.  Too many thoughts, too many questions.

•••

“...and their offspring are usually born in a cave, a hollow at the base of a tree, or a dense and protected thicket.  A typical litter would be one to four cubs, but up to six is not unknown.”  Art was reading aloud to himself from some of the notes that he had gathered from the internet.  He still harboured doubts about the authenticity of the evidence that he had gathered that morning, but he could not help but be excited about the prospect of interviewing an eyewitness - that in itself might open a few doors into the cryptozoology clique; might be worth a small article in a respected journal, perhaps even a feature in one of the national dailies if the source proved informative and reliable.
Art read on, to the accompaniment of the computer printer whirring in the background as it churned out some more downloads pertaining to his subject.  “The adult puma can weigh up to 100 kilograms and reach an overall length of over six feet.  The puma has a lithe, muscular body and, for a cat, a comparatively long neck and elongated trunk, and a relatively small head, crowned by small, rounded ears.  The tail is heavy and cylindrical.  The puma’s colour varies widely across its range, but the classic pelt would be tan coloured, usually with whitish markings around the lower face and throat.”  Art smiled at the use of the word ‘pelt’: he had obtained his information from a website devoted to tracking, and it was only too apparent that the compiler was more acquainted with seeing the dead carcasses of the cat than the living animal.
“Despite obviously looking like a big cat, pumas show many of the attributes more commonly associated with small cats.  They have a thick layer of fibrous tissue covering their larynxes, which means that, unlike most big cats, the puma can purr continuously, and they can also produce very high pitched shrieks and screams, because the hyoid bone in their mouth is completely ossified.”  Art recalled Janet’s description of the cry that she had heard in the woods; if he had any reason to doubt her evidence it was not being born out by the account before him.
“Deer are the puma’s primary food, but they will supplement their diet with smaller mammals, such as raccoon, porcupine or marten.”  Well, none of those were particularly relevant here, thought Art.  “When larger prey is not available, pumas have been known to sometimes eat fish, rabbits, and even reptiles and insects.  They are opportunistic, adaptable killers, generally preferring to hunt by night, and can often prove a menace to livestock and domestic animals whenever they come in close proximity to human settlements, although normally pumas try to avoid humans and reported incidents of attacks on people are very rare.  A puma’s home range can vary over several hundred square miles of territory, subject to availability of food.”  It was the fact that Art had been trying to deny most.  There was no reason to suppose that even if there was, or had been, a puma living in his local woods, that it would stay around for any length of time.  His meeting with his informant was on Friday: it seemed like a lifetime to wait.  And what of HPL200890?  Art wondered how his mysterious rival was currently spending his time?  Most likely down the woods at this very moment, a high-powered night-vision scope at his eyes, perhaps already trained on the object of their quest.
Aware that it was fruitless to speculate on things outside of his control, Art decided instead that he could spend his time more profitably by ringing Trevor.  Since returning from the park this morning, he had been racking his brains as to who he could contact to help identify the remains that he had discovered: Trevor would not be able to help himself, but he was a man who knew people and Art was sure that he would be able to put him in touch with a handy contact.  As it turned out, Trevor was already one step ahead of him.
“Spoke to him last week,” Trevor said, after listening to Art’s request.  “You know I told you that I found some lumps of flesh myself.  You didn’t think I just put them in my deep freeze ready for Sunday dinner, did you?” he joked.
“I wouldn’t put it past you,” said Art, “So what did he say?”
“I haven’t heard back yet.  He’s a busy guy.”
“I thought you said that he owed you a favour.”
“He does.  But not a very big one.  Anyhow these tests can take time and he doesn’t have access to the lab twenty-four seven.”
“Well, let me know as soon as you hear anything,” said Art.
“Will do,” promised Trevor.
“I’d love to get my hands on the police report of the first killing too,” said Art, “I wonder if there were any similarities between the death of the dog and the two sites that we discovered?”
“Wouldn’t know,” said Trevor.  “Listen Art, I’ve got to go.  I’ll call you, right.”
Art replaced the receiver, but still kept hold of the hand-piece, lost in his own thoughts.  There was little else that he could do until Friday, unless Trevor managed to get back to him in the meantime.  Rupa had agreed to come around on Friday evening and baby-sit while he went out - “what else would I be doing on a Friday night” she had said sarcastically, although she had reassured him that she was only joking and that she would be delighted to help out, and that Luke had been “as good as gold” that morning.  His relationship with the young Indian woman had not quite taken the direction that Art had hoped: he could have hired a babysitter if he had wanted one, but an understanding friend was not so easy to come by.  It was his own fault, he realized.  He had hardly set up the best circumstances for romance.  Perhaps after this big cat business was over?  Art lifted the telephone receiver and dialed a new number.  He heard the connection tone and then waited for ten rings before hanging up.  He looked at his watch.  Nine o’clock.  It would still be early afternoon in New York.  It was not surprising that there had been no answer: Amanda would still be at work. Art considered dialing her office number and then thought again: she would not want to be disturbed if she was in a meeting.  Perhaps he would try again later.  There was always later.  It was the lifetime consolation of humanity.
Chapter Seventeen:  Thursday

“A large cat, with a leopard-like face and pale, almost white fur, was sighted by Rob Simmons in 1992 in bushes on the outskirts of Aldridge.  Simmons’ dog, normally a brave creature, made no attempt to pursue the animal.”

Unlike many of his contemporaries, Graham had been in no rush to learn how to drive simply in order to turn up for school in a conveyance guaranteed to be the envy of his non-vehicularly mobile classmates.  For Graham, the walk from his house to the establishment of his education was a considerable joy, and a compensation for the hours of boredom and discomfort that he routinely suffered at the hands of his educators and fellow students.  The twenty minutes stroll gave him the opportunity to think; to escape into a fantasy world beyond the humdrum parameters of his normal existence.  Vince’s taunts, that he was a Gameboy addict, were not strictly true - his imagination never failed to take him to far more unlimited universes that he could ever hope to achieve with the aid of a computer program.
It was Vince that was largely on Graham’s mind this morning.  He had seen very little of either his friend or Zoe since last Friday night, and on the couple of occasions that he had bumped into either of them at school, neither had been very forthcoming on the subject of the strange intruder who had so rudely put an abrupt end to their rituals that evening.  Vince, in particular, had been unwilling to discuss the interloper, and this Graham had taken as being a sign that Vince knew far more about the alien presence than he was letting on.  Graham was wise to many of Vince’s tricks: he knew that he added magnesium to the candles that he burned in order to produce strange smoke effects - the spirits as he liked to call them.  He also suspected Vince of staging some of the sound effects that had interrupted their nightly gatherings; the piercing cry that they had all heard would have been easy enough to produce with the aid of a tape recorder and some loudspeaker equipment.  Graham knew that Vince was no mystic: he was a showman and a fraud, but if it helped his friend in fooling Zoe then Graham was quite happy to play his part in the charade, besides he enjoyed the companionship which came from belonging to something akin to a secret society, and it allowed him to assume an element of superiority over non-cult members that he rarely experienced in any of his other relationships with his fellow students.  And now Vince had something else planned: Graham was convinced of it.  He had been approached by his friend the previous afternoon, in between lessons, telling him to keep Sunday evening free.
“Eight o’clock, usual place.  Make sure you’re there, and remind Zoe too if you see her.  I don’t want any excuses about rain, or anything.  This is going to be the big one.”
“What is?” Graham had asked.
Vince had been deliberately enigmatic, “You’ll have to wait until Sunday.”
He obviously had a plan that he had no intention of revealing to his fellow conspirator.  Graham just wondered what his own part in the proceedings was likely to be.  Normally, he was happy to play the stooge to Vince’s taunts and jibes; content to look the fool if it allowed Vince to grandiose himself in front of the object of his desire, but Graham was only too aware that ultimately Vince was aiming to whittle down the membership of his cult to just two members, and it would not be Graham’s name that featured among the favoured duo.  And yet Vince had described Sunday night as “the big one”: just what sort of finale did he have in mind?

•••

To the casual passer-by it would appear that James Leigh had arrived at work unusually early: only the night cleaner would be able to testify to the fact that he had never actually left the premises from the night before.
There had still been no leads on the whereabouts of David Sherry.  Leigh had been over the evidence again and again, but had discovered nothing new that could give him a nod towards a fruitful course of enquiry.  He had visited the farmer Mick Jones again, this time confronting him with the fact that the police knew that Sherry had been on his premises.  Jones’s response had been a predictable one: he had shrugged his shoulders and told Leigh to “arrest Sherry then”, and to recover his property while he was about it.  Leigh had also re-examined the report on the dead Alsatian dog that had been discovered the night after the break-in at the Jones’ small-holding.  At the time, Leigh had wondered if there was any link between the dead animal and the missing convict: he had imagined a scenario where the desperate man had been trying to steal food or money from some of the caravans on the travellers’ encampment, only to be disturbed by the big dog, which he had then silenced in the most direct fashion he knew how.  However, the forensic report of the travellers’ site could find no direct evidence to link Sherry to the area, and the post-mortem analysis of the hound had proved inconclusive - ‘death from massive blood loss caused by wounds inflicted by a creature of unknown origin’.  Leigh secretly believed that someone in the autopsy laboratory had not taken this particular examination very seriously.  The surveillance of Sherry’s brother’s last known residence had been called off.  The only hope now rested with a poster campaign; on the chance that a member of the public would spot their man for them.  Except that for Leigh, hope had run out last night.  He knew what was coming the minute he had received the summons into D.I. Bacon’s office.
“I’m reassigning you.”
Leigh had tried to buy himself some more time, “Just give me to the weekend, sir.  The local papers are running Sherry’s picture again this week, it might make a difference.”
“I’ve already let you run with this longer than I should.  I’m putting Stanton in charge of this operation from now on.  I need you elsewhere.”
“Stanton!”
“Yes.  Is there a problem?”
“No, sir.”
Bacon pushed an incident report form across his desk for Leigh to scrutinize.  “I want you looking after this.  Chances are the young chap will just return of his own free will, but his parents are giving me grief on the phone every few minutes, so see what you can do.”
“A runaway.”  Leigh sounded disgusted.  “Can’t Stanton do this instead.  Or Constable...”
Bacon’s voice was quiet but firm, “I want you to look into this.  Keep me informed.”  
His superior officer had already returned his attention to the pile of papers sitting on the desk in front of him.  Leigh had taken the hint that as far as his boss was concerned their conversation was over and had left his office.  He was annoyed, though; humiliated that he was being so publicly sidelined.  He looked at the sheet of paper he held.  A runaway.  It was a nothing case.  Kid has a row with his parents, spends a night at a friend’s house, and then comes home with his tail between his legs the next day.  The young bloke - what was his name?  Robert Waterhouse - he was probably already back in the bosom of his family by now, smiles all round, everything made up.  Still, there was nothing else for it, he would have to go through the formalities with this one; it was clear that he would not get himself back into Bacon’s good books if he showed any sign of shirking the minor cases.
Leigh didn’t know why he hadn’t gone home the previous evening.  Partly it was the disappointment of not being allowed the opportunity to resolve the Sherry case.  He couldn’t understand quite why he felt this sense of failure so keenly: there had been other cases where he had screwed up; other times when he had been reassigned, times when he had been closer to solving a case than he could ever claim to being with this one and yet had still been sidelined before he could grab any credit or any glory.  It was the nature of police work; a team effort, not just one man’s triumph.  This case had got him intrigued, though; not so much the current man-hunt, more the history of the case.  He would have liked to have spoken with David Sherry face-to-face, to judge for himself what sort of a man he was.  History will always record him as a murderer; Leigh wasn’t so sure, from the evidence of the case notes he had read, that he wasn’t, instead, innocent of all crimes.
The second thing that had detained Leigh had been the consumption of half a bottle of whisky, with which he had attempted solitarily to drown his sorrows.  It was good stuff.  Very good stuff, he had concluded after the second and third glass.  The latest visit to that scumbag Mick Jones hadn’t been so pointless after all: it had been the farmer who had given Leigh the whisky, noticing him admiring the label on the bottle in his kitchen - “take it, might clear a bit of the wool out from inside your head, and help you find the bloke who stole my gear, an’ stop you bothering me all the time” he had said, disrespectfully.  It was a silly thing to have done to have accepted the gift, could have been seen as compromising himself, but after the fourth and then the fifth glass James had been less concerned with procedure.
Which lead to Thursday morning, a splitting headache, and a new case.  The missing person report was still in front of him on his desk, where it had been when he finally rested his head upon it and dozed off to sleep the night before.  Leigh looked at the brief words, unable to stifle a yawn.
“Robert Waterhouse,” he read to himself, “Age, twenty.  Last seen on Tuesday afternoon.  Reported missing on Tuesday evening by parents Gavin and Margaret.”  Leigh read their address.  Nice area, he mentally noted.  “Did not come home on Tuesday night.”  What was the day today?  James was having difficulty remembering.  Thursday.  Chances are that he reappeared last night and the parents never bothered to notify them.  He would ring the parents and find out.  There number must be written down somewhere.  No point doing anything else if their precious son was already safely back in his own bed.
James Leigh reached for the telephone and began to press the sequence of buttons.

•••

Rob had been amazed that he had managed to sleep at all, but in the end it was the weak rays of the morning sun, breaking through into his subterranean abode, which began to bring him back to wakefulness.  The sun also provided him with the first glimmer of hope that he had experienced since entertaining thoughts that perhaps he had been buried alive: if the sunlight could reach him, so too could rescue.
Now that it was illuminated Rob, by twisting his head around as far as he could physically, could see that he was in a large, earth burrow, tapering and rising slightly uphill, from the relative spaciousness of the bowl in which he currently lay, to a small opening through which the source of light now flooded.  Little-by-little, by pushing his feet against one of the side walls of the tunnel and rocking himself backwards and forwards, Rob managed to successfully roll himself over, such that he was lying on his stomach and once again facing towards the only point of egress.  It was a slower job to edge himself up the incline, particularly when he reached the point where the walls and ceiling had narrowed so dramatically that he was fearful that he would become wedged in the constricted space.  His hands, still secured behind his back, where proving a particular problem, and he was unable to flatten them sufficiently against his body to prevent them constantly scraping against the roof of his earth prison, causing mini-cascades of dry mud and stones when they touched the unstable surround.  One larger collapse caused a whole section of roof to fall in on him, momentarily blinding him and filling his nostrils with dirt, such that he was almost prevented from breathing.  He expected to feel the unbearable pressure of earth embrace him at any moment, squeezing him slowly like a medieval torture, before squashing him flat, scorning his weak frame for being no Atlas, but instead the moment passed, stability was re-established, and he was left to shake off the loose soil, stones and myriad small insects and worms that had been unexpectedly precipitated from their world into his own.
Wriggling forward as best he could, Rob eventually reached the opening at the mouth of the tunnel.  It was then that he realized his mistake.  The opening had been blocked - apparently deliberately - by a large boulder, which Rob in his optimism had thought that he would be able to force backwards with the weight of his body.  It was only now that he was next to the obstruction, his face pressed up against the cold stone, so that he could glimpse the world beyond, that he realized that he could not exert enough force from his current position to be able to budge the block an inch.  If he had thought about it more clearly, he should have edged his way forward feet first, so that he could then use his body as a brace and lever the obstruction outwards with his lower limbs.  To turn himself completely around now would mean returning to the lower chamber and starting his journey all over again.  Perhaps later it would be something that he would contemplate, but for now he was too tired even to think about moving.  Instead, there was nothing left to do other than to admire the view.
He was still in the woods, that much was clear.  From his underground confines he could see a tangle of roots above him, bare, spreading branches stretching upwards and, just in one corner of his restricted view, a tiny glimpse of blue sky.  How had he come to be in this place?  He felt like Ariel trapped in a tree.  Rob just hoped that he would not have to wait twelve years, like Shakespeare’s fairy, to be released, or that his captor, like Ariel’s Sycorax, should never return.  In actual event, he did not have long to dwell on his literary thoughts, the sound of approaching footsteps was quite clear, even despite his ears feeling as though they were entirely clogged with dirt.  If he had not still been gagged, he would have cried out, desperate that the walker should not pass him by unnoticed.  He forced his tongue against the cloth in his mouth but it would not budge, and the only noises he could make through the material were low, guttural moans, emanating from deep in his throat, sounding like a poor parody of a ventriloquist's act; sounds more suggestive of a lovemaking couple than a trapped prisoner, and guaranteed to ensure the rambler’s wide berth rather than persuade him to investigate the source of the commotion.
Whether it was curiosity at the unusual noises or pure chance that caused the walker to halt in his tracks, but the view of sky that Rob could see was momentarily blocked out as a figure passed across his field of vision, stopping directly outside his underground dungeon, and the next thing that Rob knew was that the rock that sealed off the entrance to his prison was being rolled to one side.  There was a blinding flood of daylight as the burrow was exposed to the full force of the morning sun and Rob felt a momentary rush of exhilaration and relief that rescue was at hand and that his captivity was over.  The feelings were short-lived though when, much to his amazement Rob realized that, far from attempting to pull him out of the tunnel, the newcomer was actually pushing him backwards, further down into the depths from which he had crawled and, additionally, was preparing to enter the small burrow himself.
“Get back down,” said a man’s voice as, at the same time, Rob felt a firm hand pushing down on the top of his head, forcing him back into the bowl at the base of the passage.
Rob landed in an awkward ball, his legs buckled beneath him, and by the time he had straightened himself out and managed to obtain something approaching a sitting position, the other man was beside him.  The newcomer had not replaced the stone across the entrance to the burrow allowing a degree of daylight into the chamber, and it came as a shock to Rob to realize that he recognized his fellow troglodyte; the close-cut hair and weather-beaten face were instantly familiar, although in his confused state, Rob could not quite assemble where he had seen the man before.
The new arrival was talking, at the same time he was untying the material that prevented Rob from speaking, “You keep quiet, you hear.”
Rob nodded weakly.
“You shit yourself?”
Rob looked blankly at his interrogator, unsure if he was talking metaphorically or scatologically, until his question was followed up by a swift tug at the top of Rob’s trousers.  “Causes disease, you see,” the man added.
Rob emitted a high pitched squeal, like the sound of a frightened pig, as the man first touched him, but then said, “No.  No, I haven’t,” when he realized that his ministrations were purely hygienic and not in any way sexual.
“You hungry?”
Rob had not even considered the matter, so bemused had he been with the reason behind his confinement, although now, with the gag removed from his mouth, he suddenly realized that his throat was desperately dry.  “Thirsty,” he croaked.
“Here.”  The stranger produced a large, grubby-looking plastic bottle from a bag he carried and upended the container into Rob’s mouth, causing the refreshing water to overspill, running down Rob’s chin and dampening his clothes.  Rob gulped down mouthfuls of the liquid greedily, finally having to pull his head away, fearful of being drowned by the incessant torrent, unable to keep swallowing at the same rate that the water was flowing.
“Save some,” said the man, as he reverted the bottle.  “You want some too, don’t you?”
Rob could not think who his companion was talking to, and was now convinced that his captor must be quite mad, until the man delved deep inside his expansive overcoat and removed from one of the interior pockets a tiny kitten, which he proceeded to set down on the floor of the burrow.  He cupped one of his hands and poured water into it and allowed the miniature cat to drink from the makeshift bowl.  The stranger fondled the back of the cat’s neck with obvious affection, ruffling the fur backwards so that it stood on end in a punk-like ridge.  The kitten purred contentedly, before suddenly growing bored of the attention and making a feint towards the tunnel exit.  The man caught the small creature by its tail and pulled it back, before once again slipping it beneath the enveloping folds of his overcoat.
“What do you want?”  Rob was taking advantage of his freedom to speak by voicing the question that had him most baffled.  The other man looked equally surprised, turning towards Rob as though he barely remembered his existence.
“What?  I don't want anything.  What do you mean?”
“Why are you keeping me here?”
A look of enlightenment crossed the man’s features, “Oh.  I’m sorry.  Of course, this must be frightening for you.”
“Frightening!”  Rob had raised his voice, repeating, “What do you want?”
The older man seemed momentarily lost in thought again, and Rob thought that he was not going to receive an answer to his question, before finally his companion said, “I want my freedom.  It’s not too much to ask, is it?”

•••

Tal had seen the man pause and kneel down by the large tree roots from his hiding place behind an uprooted and ivy-clad beech stump.  He bent low to make sure that he was not spotted and continued to watch with interest.  Initially, he had thought that the man was just bending down to tie up the laces of his shoes, so it came as some surprise to him when his quarry suddenly disappeared from sight entirely.
Tal had been following the man since he saw him leaving Janet’s barge earlier that morning.  He had seen him hanging around once or twice before, usually late at night, usually behaving as though he did not want to be spotted.  That in itself was reason enough to be curious about what he was up to; the fact that he clearly had some link to Janet and her family made him even more interesting to Tal.
It had been hard keeping pace with his man whilst maintaining his own secrecy at the same time.  The route his adversary had taken had not been on any of the conventional forest trails, indeed he seemed to be deliberately avoiding the main paths, walking instead through the roughest and most impenetrable undergrowth where the chances of meeting anyone else were significantly reduced.  Breaking down some of the short trees and bushes to form a passage was a noisy business and Tal was concerned that he would be heard in his pursuit, but the man in front was too absorbed with picking his own path through the encroaching trees and did not once turn around, obviously oblivious to the fact that he was being followed: neither once did he stop or perceptibly slow down: either his knowledge of his woodland environment was intimate or he was walking blindly, with no particular end goal in mind.  It was just as Tal had decided this second alternative must be the reality, and that it was pointless to continue following someone that he did not know to an unspecified objective, particularly when in the process he was becoming increasingly bruised and battered by the resisting flora, which had indicated in no uncertain terms that they resented his intrusion into their environment, that he realized that his quarry had stopped and then vanished.
It did not seem possible.  There was nowhere for the man to go.  It was as though the ground had just swallowed him up.  He had not just walked around the tree, Tal was certain of that, he could not have failed to notice him.  The only explanation was a tunnel.  But what was a tunnel doing out here in the middle of the woods?  The one thing that Tal knew was that the fugitive had not wanted to be seen, and he was also quite sure that he would not want his hidey-hole to be discovered too.  The expression ‘knowledge is power’ came to Tal’s mind again, except this time he was not so sure of the veracity of the phrase.  An animal, base sense of self-preservation warned Tal that sometimes it was better to turn a blind eye, and that as far as acquaintance with this man and his stash - whatever it might be - were concerned, ignorance was healthier and knowledge might possibly mean death.
Chapter Eighteen:  Thursday night

“In June 1992, a large cat spotted in a caravan park near Bridgnorth was identified by respected cryptozoologist Karl Shuker as an Asian Jungle Cat, or more likely, a hybrid between a jungle cat and a feral domestic cat.”

As days go, it had been a spectacularly bad one for Art.  First there had been the summons into the Librarian’s office: a ten o’clock meeting, it could only mean bad news.  There had been himself, Gillian Dawson, the assistant librarian in charge of acquisitions, Chege Gomez, who did something unspecific in the archive section, and a new employee whose name Art had yet to discover, but who turned out to be called Lucy something and who stacked shelves and ran various errands for the deputy librarian, all nervously seated around in a circle, in the surprisingly comfortable chairs in the Librarian’s spacious office, awaiting the arrival of the Main Man.  The delay allowed plenty of time for idle speculation.
“What do you think he wants?” asked Chege, fidgeting nervously in his chair like a cat on hot bricks.
“It’s not going to be good news,” said Gillian.  She had worked for the university for too long to be anything other than a cynic.
“I have never met him,” said Lucy, “What is he like?”
Art exchanged knowing glances with his fellow employees, “Best just wait and see.”
“Perhaps he wants us to work together on a new project?” said Chege hopefully. “I heard they won that contract for digitalizing the Bulley Russian Memorial Library.  Sounds like it was worth a lot of money.  Perhaps it is something to do with that?”
“Spare us from that,” said Art, “I’d rather they just told us we were being made redundant.”
Gillian sounded alarmed, “You haven’t heard anything have you?”
“No, no,” Art pacified, “I was just being silly.”
“You could be right,” said Lucy, causing all heads to turn in her direction, “I heard Martin talking about cut-backs.”
“When?” everyone said in unison.
Lucy’s reply was not allowed to be voiced though as, at that moment, the door of the office swung open, and a short, ginger-haired man in his late-thirties entered the room with a superior air of proprietorship.  He moved across to the desk facing the seated foursome and, with the casual air of a Channel 5 news presenter, sat himself on the corner of the desk, one leg swinging nonchalantly in mid-air, the other stubby limb straining desperately on tiptoe to make contact with the carpeted floor.  The Librarian crossed his arms in front of him and interlinked his fingers.  Art winced, anticipating hearing the man’s knuckles flex and crack.
“I’ll come straight to the point,” the small man said, “The world of the university library has changed.  In the past, some of you...”  Was it Art’s imagination or had the Librarian shot him a specific glance then?  “...and I name no names, might have considered a career in librarianship as an easy option.  There have undoubtedly been employees of this very university, of this very library...”  That look again, “... who, in the past, have just been here for the ride.  This situation can no longer go on.”
Gillian - brave woman - was attempting to interrupt, “I hope that you do not mean any of us,” she said, “If there has been a specific complaint, I would like to hear it, and...”
“There have been no complaints.  I am talking in purely general terms.  I am telling you that my library is a dynamic work environment and will no longer tolerate any freeloaders, everyone must be prepared to punch their weight.”
“Yes, but...”
The Librarian was not to be halted, “I am trying to build a synergy between the service provider and the end user.”
Seeing Lucy’s confused look, Art whispered, “He means between us and the greasy student who wants a book.”
“I want to create a level playing field, where all my staff are singing from the same hymn sheets.”
Art continued his hushed commentary, “He is talking about Bob in inter-library loans and his lunchtime choral sessions.”
“A library is no longer about books alone.  It is about information services, about data retrieval, the fusion of cutting edge I.T. hardware and bespoke software combining to form ease of access to a virtual world of information.”
“Now he means Jason in periodicals downloading porn sites on the internet.”
“Today’s librarian is a guide through the Minotaur’s labyrinth of data.  I like to think of myself as a modern day Pericles.”
“I think he needs to spend longer in the Greek mythology section before he embarks on any more classical allusion.”
“I envisage a modern, pro-active facility, providing an efficient, streamlined service.”
Chege was looking baffled now, “Is he still talking about the library?” he asked Art in a whisper.  Art held his finger up to his lips.
“As some of you may know, in order to achieve these ends, for the past two months I have been involved in detailed and protracted discussions with a team of management consultants.”
Art tried and failed to stifle a scornful, “Huh.”
“I have now received Lineghan’s report.”  He picked up a thick, comb-bound document on his desk to emphasize the point.  “I will summarize their findings for you.”
Art puffed out his cheeks.  Cut to the chase.  Tell us the bad news.
The Librarian thumbed through the bundle of pages, stopping on the final sheet and began reading, “It is our conclusion that much of the work that is currently done in the Library can be out-sourced to contractors, particularly non-skill specific work such as shelving, stacking...”
Lucy gulped and Gillian began to open her mouth to protest again, but the Librarian carried on regardless, his voice becoming louder in order to drown out any potentially dissenting voices, “... blah, blah, blah.  It is our recommendation that a downsizing of the non-essential and part-time members of staff would bring instant economy of scale benefits and would allow for the implementation of a new middle management structure.”
“You mean sacrifice the troops to pay for the generals,” said Gillian.
The Librarian held up his hands, smiling broadly, “As you can see, the decision has been made for me.  It is out of my hands.  If our friends at Lineghan’s recommend...”
“Tell them what they can do with their report.”  Gillian was fuming.  She had worked at the library for more than twenty years, and was not prepared to go down without a fight.
Chege was still slightly confused, “Are you telling us we are out of our jobs?”
“Good heavens, no.  No, no, no.”  The Librarian shook his head, “Nothing of the kind.  You may just find that you will have to accept a reduction of hours and an enforced pay cut, and possibly a restructure of your current work.  No question of redundancies though.  Oh, except for you Lucy.  I’m afraid that your probation period is not yet up and I am going to have to let you go.”
The meeting had ended in confusion and raised voices.  Art had slipped away unnoticed, and had consoled himself with an immediate transfer to the premises of the Marlborough Arms where, in the smoky atmosphere and whilst enjoying a pint of bitter, he had read the letter that the Librarian had handed to him.  His hours were to be reduced.  He would only be required two days a week.  Art tried and failed to do a mental calculation of how much money that would bring him in each month: not enough, was all he needed to know.  It would be good to have the extra time with Luke, of course, and he wouldn’t have to impose on Helen as much as he had done these last couple of months, but money was going to be a real problem: he was only just scraping by as it was.  Amanda would just have to help out more.  It sounded as though her job in the States was going well.  She would have to provide a little bit more financial assistance for her family.  It might mean a few concessions on her part, but it was time that she realized her obligations.  Art drained his glass.  It had been unwise to drink on an empty stomach; he was already feeling a bit light-headed.  And only quarter past eleven; it was a bit early to be drinking too.  Given the news he had received earlier that morning though, Art had decided that today was rather exceptional; it did not conform to the normal pattern of work, rest and play; it existed somehow outside of the rules that governed the socially accepted norms, like 29th February, and your birthday, and Friday afternoons.  There was also an element of taking control too.  It had been illustrated earlier that he had no control whatsoever over his working life; that decisions could be made that affected him, and he was in no position to contradict or reverse them.  But here, in the pub, Art was once again master of his own destiny.  No one could reach him.  No one could telephone him.  No one could force him to return to his desk.  He knew that it was a pointless, ultimately self-destructive activity, but for a brief period of time it restored to Art his sense of self-dignity, which was something that his supposed superiors would never be capable of understanding.  He returned his empty glass to the bar and ordered another pint.
Amanda.  He would try to telephone her again that evening.  He would explain the situation to her.  She would understand, after all, it was not for himself, but for the future of their son that he was asking for help.  Wasn’t that why she had gone to New York in the first place: to better herself; to provide an improved lifestyle for her nearest and dearest?  Dearest?  Money.  It always entered into the equation.  What relationship could claim to be truly independent of the necessity of balancing financial pressures with emotional needs; the scales of fiscal power always weighed more heavily on one side than the other.  Perhaps there was more honesty in the relationship between prostitute and client: you knew exactly where you were then; a set fee for a definite act, anything else and things always began to get messy.  Art realised that he was out of control, once again.  First it had been his employer who had pulled the strings of his puppet, and now, in order to extract himself from the events of the morning he was going to have to put himself in a position that was beholden to his wife.  Or so he thought.  The letter that was waiting for him when he arrived home that evening changed all possibility of that.
The typed envelope gave little clue to the contents; there were no stamps this time, just a long franking mark, indicating that his wife had posted the communication from her workplace.  Art smiled: it was reassuring to discover that some aspects of workplace liberty-taking were universal.  Beside his desk at work, he had tacked to the wall an old Dilbert cartoon, showing three employees leaving work.  In the briefcase of the first employee were some stolen paperclips, while a thought bubble above the character’s head revealed that he was daydreaming about promotion; the second employee was stealing elastic bands at the same time imagining herself on a Bermudan beach; the briefcase of the third employee revealed nothing more incriminating than his packed lunch, and that innocent’s thoughts were shown to be no more complicated than that he was thinking about his packed lunch.  The meek will not inherit the earth; it will be left to the ambitious and those with the foresight to bring the most capacious bags into work.
Art settled himself down in a chair in his living room, Luke sitting beside him in his high chair, a bib tied around his neck, his eyes flashing from side to side expectant of imminent food, and began to read Amanda’s words.  She could not be accused of being anything other than direct.
“I do not think this letter will come as a surprise to you, at least I hope that it will not.  Things have not been right between us for some time now.  Partly, I had hoped that by taking up the job here, by putting some space between us, somehow it would magically smooth over all of the cracks that have appeared in our relationship in the past year, but if I was being truthful I always knew that it was actually just a beginning to the end.  If I had not gone, we could have drifted on together, soullessly, for years, each becoming more embittered with the other, until we reached a point where we could no longer stand the sight of each other, and I don’t think that either of us would have wanted that.  This way, I hope that you agree, we can at least still be friends?”  
Art particularly noted the question mark.  While his eyes successfully conspired to blur so many of the difficult words that he was reading, such that his brain could not fully take in the implications of what his wife was writing, the question mark after ‘friends’ stood out distinctly.  Even the idea of friendship was somehow in doubt.  Art read on, “Divorce is such an unpleasant word.  It somehow implies failure and I don’t ever think of our relationship in those terms.  We have had so many happy years.  We have a lovely son.  I want us both to be able to look back on this phase in our lives and think of it as a success.  At the same time, we must both recognize that it is time to move on.  The failure would be to stand still and do nothing.  I hope that you understand.
“I would like to say that there is no one else, but that would be a lie, and I think above all else that we must be honest with one another.  His name is Sheridan and he is a broker on Wall Street.  We met at a party that the magazine threw last month.  He has a second house in the mountains; I think I might have mentioned that I was visiting there.  I also think that he can make me happy.  I like to think that you will meet someone else soon too; that you won’t think about me too much; that you can be happy once again.”
Art was beginning to wonder if his wife had swallowed whole an American self-help guide to positive thinking.  Or had she perhaps been attending a series of assertiveness lectures?  Art could picture the kind of titles: ‘Don’t hold back - speak your mind’ or ‘How to dump your man without having to say you’re sorry’.  He even had to turn to the end of the letter to verify that it really was his wife’s signature at the foot of the writing; he could not hear the words in her voice; could not visualize the woman that he knew being capable of forming such clinical and unsentimental expressions.  Except, of course, that was part of the problem, it was exactly what she was saying: the woman that he knew - she no longer existed.
There were several more paragraphs, all of which could have been cut and pasted directly from a popular psycho-babble textbook, all referring to their relationship in very general terms, the gist of which Art boiled down to discover that his wife was planning to remain in New York, that she would be filing papers for a quick and painless divorce as soon as possible, that she was happy for Art to continue looking after Luke, and that she would continue to send over a monthly allowance as her contribution towards Luke’s upkeep but that the amount would be somewhat reduced, she had apparently taken financial counsel on this matter - from Sheridan no doubt - and been advised that she was currently paying too much.  The letter ended by providing the name and address of her solicitor in New York and advised Art that any future correspondence to her should be directed to them.  Art looked at the name of the firm.  Shaft Brothers - it seemed appropriate.
Chapter Nineteen:  Friday

“Norman Evans, a farmer from Ludlow, discovered the body of a large cat that had been knocked down by a car close to Barnards Castle in Shropshire in February 1989.  The animal was identified by local vet Gareth Thomas as an Asian Jungle Cat, and the stuffed body of the creature was later acquired by cryptozoologist Karl Shuker.”

“If he rings again tell him that I am out.”  The secretary to whom James Leigh was attempting to communicate his instruction was already transforming into a rapidly disappearing wraith; an obscure, receding form, just visible through the bobbled glass window in the door of Leigh’s office.  The person that James Leigh was talking about was Gavin Waterhouse, father of the still absent Robert.  Gavin Waterhouse was a man with money; a man who was used to solving problems by throwing cash at them.  He was not someone who had ever had to be particularly patient in his life - waiting is for poor people; money can normally jump you to the front of the queue.  His lack of comprehension at the failure of the police to locate his missing offspring, and his financial impotence at being faced with a problem for which money was no easy solution, were being transferred into a succession of increasingly high-volume phone calls to Leigh, as officer in charge of the case.  James’s exasperated request to his secretary was as a result of the third call that morning, and it was still only nine o’clock.
James Leigh sat back in his chair and sighed.  It seemed as though everything was conspiring against him at the moment.  First the Sherry case, and now this one: he would get a reputation for being unable to clear up, unless he could put this seemingly simple affair to bed fairly swiftly.  And now the father had offered a reward.  It was all he needed: a bunch of opportunist vigilantes ringing in with phony or speculative information on the off chance that it might lead to a big pay-day.  Why couldn’t they just leave the investigating to the professionals?  After all, it wasn’t as though they were not without a lead.  There was the best friend to locate.  What was his name?  James drew his folder of notes towards him.  Damien Finn.  According to a neighbour, the Finn family had set off on holiday to the South of France on the very day that Robert had gone missing.  Chances seemed strong that he had hooked up with them and just not told his parents what he was doing.  With a father like Gavin, James did not blame the lad.  Find the Finns, find the man.  Simple.  Ish.
The Finns had not left a forwarding address.  The neighbour had thought that they usually rented a villa in Aix-en-Provence, but he hadn’t been absolutely sure of his facts. The local French police were checking, it was just a question of waiting, they would ring him as soon as they had any news.  Of course, to be told to be patient was not the news that any anxious parent in the Waterhouses’ situation wants to hear, but in the meantime there was little else that the police could do.  There had been the routine enquiries around friends and old school-mates: no one had seen Rob since Monday, most hadn’t been in touch with him for weeks, or in some cases months.  One or two closer confidantes revealed that they thought that Rob had been acting slightly secretively for some time now, but Leigh put this down to a wannabe desire to enter into the conspiracy theory surrounding any disappearance: reality T.V. had a lot to answer for, people were no longer content to be passive viewers to an event - even a crime - they couldn’t be satisfied until they had an active role in the proceedings themselves.  Regardless of youthful speculation, the overall picture that James was building up of the lost boy was of Mr. Average and, as any would-be runaway will know, average equates to invisible and is often the best disguise.  It didn’t really matter, Leigh was confident that the answer to the puzzle lay in France; it was too much of a coincidence that the Finns should travel on the same day that Rob had vanished.  Investigate the coincidences and the answer normally presented itself.  It hadn’t worked with the Sherry case though.  Despite having been officially reassigned, James Leigh could not help but indulge himself in a measure of mental exercise about the known facts of his previous case.  There had been coincidences there too.  Dave Sherry’s fingerprints being discovered at the Jones’s farmhouse, and then Jones’s name appearing on a slip of paper in a cash tin, discarded in the same cemetery where the convict’s dead father was buried.  Leigh had been convinced that Jones knew more about the whereabouts of the runaway criminal than he was letting on, but perhaps it had been blinkered of him to allocate so many resources in order to follow up just one line of enquiry, which ultimately had not proved to be successful.
James Leigh looked anxiously at the quiet telephone.  He hoped that he was not committing the same mistake again.

•••

Rob remembered where he had seen the man before, halfway through the stranger’s account of his life story.  It had been the evening he had crept down to Janet’s barge and had spied on the inhabitants through the small porthole.  The man looked slightly different now, slightly rougher and unshaven and his clothes were more weather-worn and dirty, but there was no doubt that the man who had taken it upon himself to join Rob living in the subterranean burrow was the same man that Rob had seen visit Janet’s father, and who he had presumed to be Janet’s uncle, even though she had never spoken of a relation.  The resumption of the man’s story confirmed Rob’s identification.
“...and so I had nowhere else to go but here, no other family, no one else to help me.  Besides, he owes me.  Owes me big time, and he knows it.”
Rob had been allowed the luxury of having his gag left off, at least while his captor was present to close his mouth should it prove necessary.  “Why?” he asked.
“You not been listening?”  The man looked momentarily threatening towards Rob, before lapsing back into his monologue.  Rob wasn’t exactly planning to be going anywhere; there was nothing better to do than listen.
“We’ve worked out a signal when I can visit the barge.  Ron’s got this siren, sounds like a wild animal’s cry when it’s let off.  A terrible caterwaul, it is.”  The man laughed at the memory.  “It’s loud enough so that I can hear it down here, and frightening enough that it should scare away any nosey-parkers.  Doesn’t always work though.  I had to scare away some bloody kids myself the other night, always hanging around the place at night they are.”
“I’ve heard it,” said Rob, referring to the siren, remembering how the noise had terrified both him and Janet.
“When?”  The man exhibited all the paranoid suspicions of the habitually hunted; he reminded Rob of a wild fox, just keeping one step ahead of the tracking hounds, but always wary, always watchful, conscious that one moment of inattention could be its last; full of nervous energy.
Rob shook his head.  He was feeling slightly nauseous; the combination of the continual throbbing of his bruised head and the overpowering stench of the muggy, airless burrow was making him feel sick and his mind muzzy, “I can’t recall,” he answered.
“I can’t recall,”  The man mimicked Rob’s well-spoken tones.  “No matter.  Once he’s got his wife and his young girl out of the way, then I know it’s safe for me to show myself.  I’d hoped to be long gone by now, but I'm still waiting for my papers.”
“Papers?”  Rob was finding it increasingly hard to follow the rambling ebb and flow of his companion’s conversation.
“A new passport, driving license.  Ron knows people.  He has promised me a new identity.  It’s what he owes me.  It’s the least he owes me.  It’s like I said, I want a new life.  One that starts here, a clean slate, no past.  Forty years, I’ve waited for this.  He said he’d have the documents by now.  But I can wait a while longer.  Forty years, I’ve waited, another few days, it’s nothing to me.”
Rob had already heard all about the years of confinement, about the time when his captor was the prisoner, about the injustices that had led to his companion’s imprisonment.  He had no opinion as to the truth of the story that he had been told.  In other, less bizarre, circumstances, he thought that he would probably have believed unreservedly the man’s claim that he had been the victim of a miscarriage of justice, but given the fact that this was the same individual that was currently keeping him imprisoned in a hole in the earth, it was difficult not to be slightly suspicious. Rob suddenly became weary of listening to his fellow cave dweller’s woes; he had plenty enough problems of his own that he thought demanded an airing.  “Why are you keeping me here?”
“I’ve got to.”
“What have I done?”
“Nothing.  I’m sorry.  It’s just that I can’t afford to have any police sniffing around here.  Not until I’ve got my papers.  Not until I’m away from here for good.”
Rob still looked blank, “I don’t understand.”
“You don’t remember, do you?”
“What?”
“The night you were beaten up.”
“I remember bits.  Why did...”
“That wasn’t me.  You didn’t think that was me that attacked you, did you?”  The older man actually sounded offended that Rob could have thought ill of him.  “You see how it is.  This is the way it has been all my life.  I try to do good and all that happens is that I end up taking the blame.”
Rob interrupted the self-pitying speech, “What do you mean?”
“I found you, that’s what.  Saw it all happened.  You walked into a trap. There were two guys, three if you count the one that was keeping lookout.  You walked right up to them.  I saw you coming, I thought you’d see them and turn and run, but you walked right up to them.”
“I thought they were someone else,” Rob explained.
“They gave you a proper pasting, then left you there, lying underneath that big tree.  You weren’t moving a muscle.  I was watching.  I thought you must be dead.”
“What did you do?”
“I waited for them to clear off, they seemed pretty pleased with themselves, then went to see if you were still alive.  I tell you, it would have been simpler for me if you had been brown bread.”
“How?”
“I was just gonna bury you then.  Somewhere deep in the woods where you would never have been found.  Had to think fast when I found that you were still breathing.”
“Why didn’t you just leave me there?”
“Use your head.  What’s going to happen.  You were lying in clear sight of the towpath.  Chances were that no one would discover you that night, but it was a sure thing that you would have been discovered the next morning.  Either that or you’d come around yourself, and what would have been the first thing you’d do?”
“I don’t know,” said Rob.  He was still feeling dizzy.
“Course you do.  You’d be off to the police station quick as a shot.  I don’t know about you, but I recognized those blokes that did for you as barge folk, and you can bet your bottom dollar they’d be the first place the Old Bill would go calling.  Well, that was the last thing I wanted, wasn’t it.”
“I guess so.”
“So I picked you up, bloody heavy you are too, and carried you here.  Been hiding out here ever since I got out, and no one’s found me yet.”  The man smiled broadly, showing a row of surprisingly bright, white teeth, in contrast to the darkness of his weather burnished complexion.  “Had to rig up a few extra additions to my humble abode to make sure that you couldn’t go walkabout, and I’m sorry about the ropes.”  He pointed to the ties that still bound Rob’s hands and feet, “But I couldn’t take the chance of you escaping.  I know there’s not enough room to swing a cat in here, but it won’t be for long, and I’ll keep you fed and watered.  And then as soon as I get my hands on those papers, I’ll call the cops.  I’ll tell them exactly where you are.  Ron’s promised me.  He’ll have the papers by tomorrow.  You’ll be free soon.  Not like me, forty years.  Do you know how that feels?”
Rob shook his head feebly.  He felt exhausted.  The kitten, which the man had brought to the burrow the day before, lay in a contented ball on the warm, earth floor, curled up, asleep, its quiet, rhythmic snores suddenly the only sound within the confined chamber.  Rob sneezed loudly, sending a jolt of pain shooting up his damaged nose, and causing the small animal to stir slightly in its slumber.  Bloody typical, as if he didn’t have enough problems: he was allergic to cats.
Chapter Twenty:  Friday night

“On Sunday l6th August 1992, Durham based photographer Phillip Nixon was driving down a country lane accompanied by his son when, close to St John’s Chapel, County Durham, they were surprised to see a large cat standing in the road ahead of them with a dead rabbit hanging out of its mouth.  Nixon estimated the cat to be about the size of a border collie dog. He described it as having reddish brown fur, with a stripe near each eye and a very long tail which curved upwards when it moved.”

It was ten to eight and Art was standing at the base of the tree that had been described to him by Janet, rehearsing in his own mind the questions that he was going to ask of the man who had supposedly seen the Cassiobury Cougar.  It was a cold night, misty too, and Art’s breath showed in front of him in white plumes.  He stamped his feet up and down in order to keep them warm, and glanced at his watch for the umpteenth time.  He had arrived early in the hope that his fellow callers would have done the same, but he realized that he might still have a long wait on his hands.  
Art thought back on his long day, most of which he had spent in the woods, trying to forget the letter he had received the day before, trying to focus on hunting for the puma.  After the knock-backs of the previous day, Art was desperately in need of something to give him faith, and the unreserved belief in a local big cat was as solid a religious crutch as any that Art could currently find to hang on to.  It was a tenuous support, he was only too aware, one which could give way at any moment, sending him tumbling down in a headlong collision course with harsh reality, but in the absence of anything else it was all that Art was left with.  He just hoped that tonight’s meeting would reinforce the foundations of his religious conviction.
He had called in sick first thing.  It was not entirely a misrepresentation of the facts: he had not been able to sleep, his mind constantly mulling over the wording of Amanda’s letter, wondering if he could have possibly misinterpreted her meaning; realizing that her words had been deliberately chosen to be unequivocal.  He had woken feeling as tired as when he had gone to bed.  Besides, the Library had told him in no uncertain terms the extent to which they valued him: he owed them nothing.  A sickie was only his fair due.  He had taken Luke around to Helen’s as per normal, omitting to mention to her that he had no intention of going into work that day; she had already agreed to look after her nephew that evening too, and so with a kiss on his son’s forehead and a promise to his sister that he would be back before ten that evening, a responsibility free day stretched out before Art.  He knew that he had been calling in a lot of favours lately - with Helen, with Rupa - he just hoped that his search would prove successful, and he could repay those closest to him, with interest.  He was conscious, too, that he had not been paying enough attention to Luke, leaving that responsibility to others; it was something that he promised to rectify as soon as he possibly could, reassuring himself that, in the meantime, the small boy was in better hands with his supremely capable sister than he would have been with his habitually distracted father.
As an alternative to his normal route to the woods, Art had kept to the roads instead, walking over the bridge which crossed the disused railway line, the wooden sleepers of which were steadily being reclaimed by the encroaching vegetation, the embankment at the side of the track clogged by nettles and hawthorn bushes, until he had picked up a footpath which ran alongside the back of a large housing estate, before eventually leaving the urban environment behind altogether and emerging into open countryside.  Art knew that the path he was following would eventually reach a point that bisected with the canal, and from there he would be able to gain access to puma country once again, but in the meantime he was just enjoying the peacefulness of the morning walk, away from other people, isolated from the sounds of the working day.
The track beneath his feet had been muddy in places, and he had to side-step to avoid the largest puddles.  Ahead, the highest branches of the trees on each side of the path almost met, creating the illusion that he was walking through an arboreal tunnel; in the summer time, when the foliage was more in bloom, Art was sure that the effect would be complete.  He was reminded of his wedding day, of him and Amanda stepping out of the church, of the rows of their guests lining up outside, on either side of the church door, their arms linked overhead forming a makeshift archway of limbs for him and his new bride to walk beneath.  It had been a happy occasion.  It seemed like a long time ago now.  
The wind had been blowing at right angles to the path he was following, the raised banks on each side of him protecting him from the worst cold; the noise of each fresh gust in the trees though sounded like the sea reaching the shore, rhythmic and unceasing; the sound of a wave sucking at the shingle on a beach, desperate to persuade it to join its watery existence.  Art stopped to admire one tall tree, its straight bole mantled by ivy, the araliaceous plant looking like a green tornado spiraling up towards the sky.  There was the sound of birds singing, although the feathered songsters preferred to remain largely anonymous in the concealment of the wayside bushes, happy to perform their tunes for an appreciative avian audience, not needing any wider recognition.  In the distance there was the sound of cattle lowing.  The country footpath had its usual effect upon Art, of once again transporting him into one of Thomas Hardy’s novels of a bygone rural England, a seemingly idyllic existence viewed, as it is now, with the nostalgic hindsight of over a century of time and from the luxurious surroundings of a life that embraces all the creature comforts of the twenty first century.  Still, what worth a television set and a DVD player, when you can have fresh air and the innocent pleasures of a life simply led?  Art knew that he was deluding himself: if he took a step back in time, he would miss the benefits that so-called progress have brought; he could not imagine living now without the ease of flicking a simple switch to produce light or turning a tap to have hot water; he would miss the telephone and now, of course, the internet; above all else, he couldn’t imagine what he would do without disposable nappies.  Life would be impossible.  The very opportunity to be able to enjoy a country stroll was a luxury that had been bought by past centuries of toil.  For Art, the act of walking was a cathartic pleasure; for his forefathers it was more likely to have been merely a means to an end.  Even here, though, the vision of an unspoiled countryside was largely an illusion: the twenty first century crowded in on all sides.  Removing the rose-tinted spectacles, Art noticed crisp wrappers in the hedgerow and long-discarded cigarette butts stamped into the earth beneath his feet.  There was the white porcelain hulk of a broken sink unit, glistening and out of place in a hollow at the base of a gnarled tree, close to a muddy slide in the embankment side, revealing a possible means of ingress to the houses not so very far beyond, and the blackened and burnt out shell of a motorbike, pushed just off the track but not so well concealed that it could not be seen by every passer-by.  Across the fields too, a line of electricity pylons stretched out like Cervantes’s windmills, dominating the landscape, the static buzz from their multiple magnetic coils combining with the wind’s natural overture.  All of these elements of urban intrusion were not repulsive to Art though: he was essentially a city boy at heart, having spent almost his entire life in a conurbation of some description: the countryside for him was not the pure, uncharted wilderness of the Scottish highlands or the miles of unspoiled mountains in the English Lake District; for Art, countryside constituted almost any green strip that was wider than his own back garden, and if this just so happened to run alongside a motorway, then so be it.
As he had predicted the path eventually passed through a small expanse of moor and water meadows, before linking up with the canal once again.  From there it was only a relatively short distance to cover before Art was once again standing close to the route to the water cress beds and the line of longboats, one of which Art knew to be Janet’s home.  Not wanting to chance being spotted by the young woman so many hours premature of their arranged meeting time, fearful of being taken for a stalker and perhaps ruining any opportunity of being introduced to her contact, Art diverged from the main towpath and followed a rough forest trail up the slope and into the trees.  It was where he wanted to be, in any case: away from any possible human contact; alone in the woods, with his thoughts and, just perhaps, the puma.
Ten hours later and Art’s troubled thoughts had been his constant solitary companion.  Of the big cat there had been no sign.  He had tried to concentrate on the job in hand, to block out distractions of home and work, to focus his energies on the task of spotting minute clues on the ground and in the undergrowth that might just provide the give-away clue to the presence of a large, out-of-place feline in the neighbourhood, but each time he set about his pursuit he was consumed by the futility of the activity, and could not help but allow his mind to wander to thoughts of his wife: of their past; of her present; of his future.  In the end, almost half the day passed by with Art sitting on an uprooted tree stump, blank-eyed and lost in a distant dreamland far from the cold reality of the February woods.  By the time it had begun to get dark, it was hunger as much as anything else that had stirred Art into positive action.  He had brought a thermos flask, which contained some still passably hot soup, which he devoured gratefully, the thick liquid warming and reviving him, lifting his spirits, encouraging him to redouble his efforts searching for the elusive cat in the remaining few hours before he was due to meet Janet.
The darkness had proved a final impediment to Art’s search.  He cursed himself for not having had the foresight to pack a powerful torch in his kit: earlier, he had romanticized the idea of being alone in the woods after the sun had set, at one with nature and the night, somehow imagining that he alone in the twilight world would still be able to see - the landscape perhaps appearing before him in the grainy monochrome that appears to be the norm for documentary makers of nocturnal misdoing, or in adventure movies where the hero is fortunate enough to be equipped with night vision sights.  The actual reality was that the blackout was complete, and it was pure chance that navigated Art back to the relative illumination of the main park, rather than any orientation skills on his own part.
And so it was that Art came to arrive early for his liaison with the young barge woman.  His day in the woods could not have been described as a wild success by any stretch of the imagination, but all that had gone before could be forgotten if tonight’s encounter proved to be useful.  While Art continued to wait for Janet and her companion to arrive, he was already mentally running through the newspaper headlines that would accompany the article he would write: ‘Face to Face with the Cassiobury Cougar: an Eyewitness Account’ - no, too pedantic; ‘The Eye of the Tiger’ - like it, punchy, although not strictly zoologically accurate, best not to sacrifice any possible scientific credibility for the sake of cheap sensationalism; ‘Big Cat Tales’ - sometimes the old puns are still the best ones; never let corniness stand in the way of a good headline.
Art looked at his watch again, squeezing in the tiny button on the side of the casing to illuminate the face in a bright bilious-green glow.  It was gone eight.  Perhaps she wasn’t going to show?  Maybe she had forgotten their engagement?  What should he do then?  Turn up at the barge and knock?  Art was wary of the reception he would receive, arriving at a potential stranger’s barge after dark, besides Janet had seemed fairly adamant that it would not be a good idea, that she wished to meet him away from her family home.  It would be maddening, though, to miss out on the opportunity of a valuable lead just for the sake of politeness and standing on ceremony.  He was hardly likely to receive another invitation.  Art made a decision: he would wait until quarter past and then, if there was still no sign of the girl, he would seek her out at the longboat.  It had been too long a day to return home empty-handed.  As it happened, Art’s thoughts were interrupted by the sound of footsteps hurrying along the towpath, crunching the gravel, and turning in the direction of the noise, Art saw a swiftly-moving dark form materializing, as she drew closer, into the recognizable figure of the young woman he had previously met on the barge.  Worryingly, she appeared to be alone.
“Sorry.  Am I late?  I couldn’t get away,” Janet said breathlessly.
Art was feeling cold and tired.  His words belied his impatience, “Where’s your friend?”  Was it his imagination, or did he sense the young woman tense slightly at his question?
Janet had been rehearsing her elaborate explanation for the non-appearance of her companion as she walked along the towpath to meet Art, but she had not expected to have to launch into her speech quite so quickly.  She had hoped to engage the man in a spot of small talk first; use her feminine charms on him and try to get him interested in her as an individual, before having to admit that the person that he was actually hoping to meet was not going to be turning up; didn’t even exist - although hopefully she would not have to confess to that, better to attempt to convince him that her contact had just been delayed: in Janet’s imagination a whole string of future dates could be arranged with this man on the mere promise of meeting the mystery eye-witness.  She opened her mouth but found that she could not say the pre-rehearsed script.  Sensing Art’s dark mood Janet thought better of attempting to dupe him further; perhaps a measure of the truth would serve her better.  In the end she said, “There’s been a slight change of plan.”
“Oh?”  Art sounded annoyed.
Janet blustered slightly, her lies unwilling to be voiced, “He’s been delayed.  Perhaps in the meantime...”
Art interrupted the young woman, “Is he coming later tonight?”  He was already mentally calculating how long he could wait before he would have to head back and relieve Helen, he could not expect his sister to look after Luke all night, and besides, she would be worried as well as angry if he did not turn up at the time he had stipulated.
“I’m not sure.  I mean, perhaps.”
“Did he ring you?”
“Yes.”
Art was beginning to smell that something was suspicious, but the particular animal that he was sensing was definitely of the genus Rattus rather than Felis.  “You’ve got a telephone on your barge?”
“No.  I mean, yes.  I mean, he left a message.”
“And what did he say?”
“That he would be along later.  He didn’t say when.”
Art stared hard at the young woman’s face in the darkness, attempting to interpret the truth from the lies as they were written on her expression, but in the dim light all that he could see was a veil of deceit.  The temperature in the woods had decreased appreciably as a thick band of ground mist had settled in the river valley, the dense white air lying on top of the water, gently settling down like someone testing the comfort of a particular chair.  Art blew out a deep breath, the expelled air mingling with the white phantasms of mist; a puff of pent up frustration and disappointment released, allowing a new intake of realization and clarity to be drawn in.  “There is no witness is there?” he finally asked, his voice quite calm, realizing that any further catechizing was unnecessary.
Janet did not deny the claim, instead she broke into a long explanation of her own woes, her dialogue becoming increasingly tearful, “I just wanted to teach him a lesson for standing me up.  I hoped that you would... you know, that we could...  I thought that you might like me if we met up.  It was to teach him a lesson.  He shouldn’t have stood me up.  I thought it would make him jealous if we... you know, if we met here, if he were to see.  I’ve got no one else, you see.  And tomorrow, mother and me, we’ve got to go away again, father says, although I don’t know why.”  Janet broke down altogether now, her loud sobs racking her whole body as she tried to finish her sentence,  “I just wanted someone that I could rely upon.  It’s not much to ask for, is it?”
Art gently took hold of Janet’s arm and pulled the young woman towards him, comforting her in his arms until she fell silent again.  His thoughts, which had been temporarily diverted from worries of home at the anticipation of the promised evening meeting, once again returned to the contents of the previous day’s letter from his wife.  Wordlessly, he answered Janet’s question: no, it didn’t seem much to ask for.

•••

In a different age, perhaps in a not-so-distant future, in a technologically advanced society, where there is a vastly expanded and efficiently running equivalent of today’s world wide web, where all known information is accessible to all people at any time, where total knowledge is instantly available at the flick of a switch or upon the prompting of a simple keyword or instruction, one immediate benefit to mankind will be a decrease in the occurrences of insomnia.
That Friday night, three men, not so far apart from one another in geographical distance, each slept the fitful sleep of the mentally pre-occupied, and each, if they had only known it, possessed a crucial piece of information that could have aided the slumber of one of their fellow sufferers in wakefulness.
Detective Sergeant James Leigh lay awake until four o’clock, the thought that was uppermost in his mind, the whereabouts of the escaped convict David Sherry.
Someone that could have supplied the answer to that question currently lay on the thin mattress on the bunk of his barge, but rather than sleeping the peaceful sleep of the blessedly knowledgeable Tal Turner tossed and turned until three o’clock, his mind running over plans and counter-plans, scenarios and counter-scenarios, imaginary conversations and counter-conversations, each with the ultimate aim of bringing about his goal: the seduction of the young woman that he pictured sleeping in her own barge, a mere canal’s width away.  The image of Janet was vivid in his mind, and it was only with the aid of some furious manual ministrations beneath the thick blankets on his bed, that Tal was eventually able to bring about his own exhausted escape into oblivion.
Arthur Madison was aware that the young barge woman, who currently occupied Tal’s waking dreams, would have been prepared to serve herself up on a plate for him if he had so desired, earlier that evening, but this knowledge did nothing to ease his own passage into the realms of Somnus.  With Luke snoring softly beside him, exhausted after his day playing with his aunt, and having finally managed to put aside thoughts of both work and of his wife, Art should have been sleeping soundly, but the incongruous problem that was keeping him awake was speculation over the contents of the police report on the death of the traveller’s Alsatian dog.  With almost all his other evidence to support the theory of the existence of a large carnivore in the woods around his home town either discredited, dubious or downright disappearing, the peculiarly large-scale police interest at the scene of the big cat’s first victim, seemed like the only genuine puzzle that he was left with.  It had been the thing that had got him interested in the whole affair to start with; there had been something mysterious enough there to have got the internet user HPL200890 intrigued; and it might yet provide the vital clue to either give his investigation some credence, or to shoot it down in flames once and for all.  If only he could see that report: he was sure that the answers would be plainly stated for him to understand.  Except what could he do?  He could hardly just walk into the local police station and demand to see their investigation files.  The answer was in the report.  The report was unobtainable.  The answer was in the report.  The report was unobtainable.  The answer was in the report.  The report was unobtainable.  It was a slower cycle than counting sheep, but the monotony of the mantra eventually worked its hypnotic magic.
It was only the thought of boring bureaucracy, such as the pile of unfiled autopsy and scene of crime reports that currently lay piled up on a corner of his office desk which eventually allowed James Leigh to join Tal and Art in restful slumber.
Chapter Twenty-One:  Saturday

“County Durham was to be the scene of several reported sightings of a large, puma-like feline during the summer and autumn of 1993.  The ‘Durham Puma’ was born.”

The mist had not dispersed overnight, if anything it had actually got thicker.  The white vapour hung like a damp sheet on a clothes-line, stretching from the dew-covered grass to a height of about five feet, obscuring everything at ground level behind an opaque veil while leaving everything above exposed in clear blue sunlight.  Art breathed in the fresh, morning air above the foggy layer, conscious, at the same time, that his son, in his buggy, was enveloped somewhere below in the mist’s moist embrace.  Spirals of heavy, damp air circulated lethargically around the wheels of the pram, spilling in and out of the metal spokes in the wheels, oozing lazily across the ground like an oil spill on the surface of the sea; other, more energetic, airborne apparitions, seemingly teased the pedestrian progress of the three-wheeled conveyance, a phantasmagoria appearing enticingly in front of the vehicle before vanishing entirely just before the buggy was able to catch up and engulf them beneath its rubber tread.  Art pressed on, hunching himself vulture-like above the handle of the stroller as he made his way up the incline leading from the bridge over the canal into the first line of trees.
He realized that the quest for the cat was becoming something of an obsession: it could not be construed as normal, social behaviour to go haring off around the woods with your infant son in tow at such an ungodly time on a weekend morning.  But what else was he going to do?  Mope around the house, waiting for the bills to pile up?  Give up all together; throw up his hands and surrender to the forces apparently conspiring to defeat him?  If he might ever have been tempted to do so himself, Art knew that he could not yield himself or his beliefs so meekly for the sake of his son: even if the object of his searching might prove to be a false idol, it was the passion and dedication that he brought to the task that was all-important now: it was no longer a question of whether you arrived, it was the manner of how you got there that was the key to his saving face, and at the moment, salvaging respect was uppermost in Art’s mind.  He might have a crap job that didn’t want him; he might have a crap marriage and a wife that had rejected him, but he at least wanted to be able to look back and tell his son that although he once looked for and failed to find the Cassiobury Cougar, he gave it his best shot.
The path ahead forked and then forked again, running along an avenue of stark, silver birch trees, their ragged bark mottled white and black, the pale boles ghostly against the dark shadows of the undergrowth beyond.  Art continued pushing the buggy wildly, bumping it roughly over the uneven ground, oblivious to the sounds of the woods around him, navigating on an autopilot course to a destination unspecified in the pre-flight schedules.  His passenger gurgled contentedly as his small head was rocked back and forth, protected from the worst of the battering by a thick insulation of coat and hat and blanket, the complete ensemble transforming the baby, giving him the outward appearance of a gouty old man wrapped up warmly in his invalid bath chair.  There were several cries from amidst the trees, birds breaking cover left and right, a large wood pigeon cooing dolefully to an absent companion, and numerous small, scurrying noises close to the forest floor, and yet Art strode on, his pace increasing if anything, unwilling to be distracted by any sounds, determined to immerse himself in his woodland surroundings by pure endeavour alone, enjoying the tiredness that comes from hard toil, if not yet from a good job well done.  Breathing was proving harder now, and his shoulders ached from the combination of the weight of the pack he carried on his back and the stooped posture he adopted leaning over the buggy.  His mind was racing: he was no longer in the woods so familiar to him, but instead he had been transported once again to the unknown forests of Tasmania, where another equally elusive denizen lies hidden, existing either behind an impenetrable cloak of trees or merely in the minds and dreams of a few hopeful optimists.
He was on his hands and knees, crawling through the thick ground cover of ferns, across a brown carpet of dry, fallen pine needles, the slender spines a constant irritant as they pricked the skin of his palms and snickered their way into his clothes and boots.  It had not rained for several days, which was unusual, and the sky, when he could glimpse it through the dense canopy of pine trees, was a brilliant blue.  It did not make stalking any easier.  He had set a course by the big gum tree that he had viewed from the ridge, but now that he was in the midst of the forest he was no longer certain that he was still heading for the distinctive eucalypt.  Beneath the needles the ground was soft and mulchy and his hands were becoming increasingly grimy from the rich soil; the lines across his palms looking like delicate tattoos where the dirt found refuge in every crease, or like a charcoal rubbing from a brass relief; his fingernails were clogged and black.  He hadn’t imagined his progress would be so slow, or that the forest would be so unwelcoming.  His lack of progress was a cause for depression, but the very impenetrability of the environment was also a reason for optimism.  It could be here.  Lack of faith, rather than an adverse landscape, was his greatest enemy.  It would be here.  There was a slight rise ahead, he would rest a while there, give himself a chance to stretch his legs and clean off his hands and clothes.  Perhaps he would be able to get his bearings again.  He pulled his legs forward so that he was in a squatting position, then rose up on his knees, before slowly, silently, drawing himself up to his full height.  All was quiet.  Tree trunk after tree trunk, receding into darkness...  He had been here before.  Every daydream was the same: the same landscape, the same conclusion.  Reality was less clear-cut.
It was then that he saw it.  It was only a fleeting glimpse, but there could be no mistake.  Or could there?  It had been the sound of snapping branches and the noise of something running swiftly through the bushes and the light footfall of padded steps on the cushioned ground beneath the canopy of trees which had made him turn to look, and at the moment he had seen the creature.  Not the long snout, short, stumpy forelegs and unmistakable transverse stripes across the rump of the thylacine that he encountered on every forest walk into imagination that he had ever taken, but this time the tan-coloured flank and long, slender limbs of the puma that he had stalked for so long.  The mist was still swirling amongst the trees and he had momentarily lost sight of his quarry once more in the nebulosity of the white smoke screen and the tangle of dense ground cover, but Art had been confident of his initial sighting: the animal that he had glimpsed had stood at least three feet from the ground at the shoulder, it had been moving swiftly, was the classic golden-brown colouring of all the mountain lions he had ever seen in photographs.  There was no other wild British animal that could fit the description.
All of these thoughts, the analysis of the data his eyes had witnessed and the synthesis of the sensory information to reach a mental identification, occupied the matter of a mere second of time.  The next second of Art’s thought was taken up with a realization that the creature he had seen was still moving, and by the sounds that he was picking up from his ears, was moving directly towards him and baby Luke.  The third second of mental activity since the moment he first saw the object of his quest was filled with a sudden dawning that he had formulated no clear plan of action for what he was going to do in this eventuality: although having utterly committed himself to the pursuit of his personal Grail, Art would have secretly admitted that he never truly believed that he would ever reach it, or even that the object actually existed.  Now faced with flesh and blood reality, he did not know what to do.
Perhaps sensing his father’s sudden change of mood, or picking up the atmosphere of tension and fear, Luke chose that moment to let out an ear-splitting yell.  The noise was enough to provoke Art into action.  The animal was closing in on them and fast; there was a continual sound of dry snapping twigs and the noise of something rushing through the bushes growing ever nearer, and although the mist continued to obscure the exact location of the powerful predator, Art was left in no doubt that the two defenceless humans were its current mission objective.  The hunters had very rapidly become the hunted.  If he had been on his own, Art might have considered standing his ground: he had read plenty of accounts of encounters between men and wild animals in other wildernesses, and the advice always seemed to be, if a face-to-face meeting is unavoidable, to make yourself appear as large as possible or to make as much noise as possible, working on the theory that the creature will generally be more scared of you than the other way around.  Art had read about men escaping attacks from bears by behaving in this fashion, although he always doubted his own resolve if he had been in their position.  Acting dead was more his style.  Now, faced with a similar quandary, a further complication was provided by the presence of Luke and the buggy: Art’s over-riding concern was to protect his small son from harm.  It was with this in mind that flight seemed to be his best option.  The forest trail he was on intersected with a road no great distance further on; Art knew that the carriageway was not much more than a country lane but there was just a chance that he would be able to flag down a passing car and gain a place of safety for him and his son.  At the moment, he could think of no other alternative.
From the continued sounds coming from the surrounding trees, Art judged that they had at least a fifty yards head start on the pursuing animal.  It was not much, but it might just be enough.  Art put his head down and charged as fast he could along the muddy track, pushing the buggy before him almost as if he was propelling forward a battering ram, ready to break down a castle door.  Luke squealed with delight at the surprise activity, craning his head around to see what his father was doing.  Not once did Art look back.  If his calculations were right, the creature would have left the constrictions of the trees by now and had probably reached the point on the trail where Art had first spotted it.  It was now a straight foot race for the sanctuary of the road.  Useless statistics welled up in Art’s mind as he ran: the puma’s top speed is 55 m.p.h.; a top 100 metre sprinter can run at 30 m.p.h.; an only moderately fit man pushing a three-wheel pram over rough ground could probably average about 12 m.p.h. for a short distance, perhaps rising to 15 m.p.h. if you factored in the information that he was being pursued by a lethal natural killing machine.  Art could hear the creature’s rapid footsteps behind him, but still he did not dare to pause and turn around.
The road was in sight ahead now, so too, slightly beforehand, was a large house, set a short way back from the trail, almost hidden amongst the trees, at the end of a short driveway.  The road or the house?  What offered the best chance of escape?  Art only had a split second to make a decision, knowing that a wrong choice could potentially prove fatal.  He might reach the road only for there not to be any cars.  By the same score, he might reach the house only for there not be anyone at home.  Art was panting with the exhaustion of his activity now.  The house was marginally closer.  Art made his mind up: he veered the buggy sharply right, and turned into the drive leading up to a large wooden front door directly ahead, shouting out desperately for help as he ran.  As he reached the door, he heard the sound of the heavy, falling paws behind him skid to a halt as the animal reached the entrance to the driveway, and then come on again with renewed vigour, noisily crunching the loose gravel, its prey now clearly in sight.
Art pushed and pulled frantically at the large brass handle, but the door was clearly locked, and of a construction far too heavy to contemplate a physical attack upon.  There was an old-fashioned, rusty, copper-coloured ring pull which Art tugged at furiously, and which set off a series of noisy peals echoing in the distant interior of the house, but Art could not hear any other sounds from inside to suggest that there was anyone preparing to answer the call.  He beat upon the wooden panels with his fists but to no avail.  The animal was almost on top of them now; there was nowhere else to run to.  It was then that Art noticed the large, plastic cat flap set in one of the bottom panels of the door; it was bigger than the typical means of feline egress, suggesting either a particular well fed moggy, or the owners of the house specialized in keeping the hefty Maine Coon breed, whatever, all that Art saw was a potential lifeline.  There was no way that Art himself would be able to squeeze through the Alice in Wonderland size door, but it looked as though it should prove just wide enough to accommodate his baby son.  With no other thought in mind, Art instantly clicked open the plastic fastenings which held his infant child secure in his buggy, snatched the small boy up rugby ball fashion, head sticking out front, legs and body tucked up between Art’s arm and side, and unceremoniously thrust the unsuspecting Madison heir, head first, through the miniature hatchway.  He acted in the nick of time: Art had only time to straighten himself up and face his onrushing attacker, when the swiftly moving golden form sprung directly at him.  He felt two large paws at his neck and a blast of hot, acrid breath in his face, before the weight of the creature sent him crashing backwards, and a momentary vision of bright blue sky and the baffled expression on the face of his son, his small nose pressed up against the transparent plastic door of the cat flap, were the last things he saw before everything went black.

•••

Damien Finn had been lying beside the swimming pool, outside the villa his parent’s were renting, when the telephone call had come through.  It was still really too early in the season and too cold outside to fully enjoy the benefits of the Mediterranean locale, but Damien had been determined not to miss a second of potential sunbathing time, and this morning, with the sky clearer than it had been all week, he had taken the opportunity to strip off and catch a few rays.  A February suntan was just what he needed to impress the girls back home.  In truth, the villa was rather shabbier than others the family had stayed at in the past, and upon the surface of the swimming pool a thin film of dead plant matter floated, making the water appear less than inviting.  The tiled, ceramic patio was chipped and dirty too, and Damien had already managed to cut his foot, when he had first ventured out in bare feet and stepped upon a piece of loose masonry.  Still, all of these minor nuisances would be glossed out of the report he would give when he was called upon to recount his holiday adventures later.
Damien watched as the louver doors at the rear of the house complex opened and his mother emerged, the portable telephone held in front of her at arms length as though it was a bomb that was about to go off.  He closed the book that he had been reading, letting it drop to the floor beside him, and straightened himself up to a sitting position, one leg on either side of the reclining lounger.  He wondered what she could want.  Normally, his mother complained of being ‘sensitive to the sun’ and would scarcely ever emerge from the protective cocoon of the villa until after the hours of sunset, and even then only if wearing a particularly hideous, floppy, broad-rimmed hat.  Now she was bare-headed and looking anxious, and was clearly making a bee-line directly towards her only son.  She had started talking before she had even covered half the distance between the house and the pool.
“It’s the police.  For you.  What have you done, Damien?”
“Mother?”  Damien was genuinely surprised.
“Calling from England,” his mother continued, “It must be something serious to ring you all the way from England.”  She was cupping the mouthpiece in her hand so that the listener could not hear their conversation.
Damien frowned and shrugged his shoulders.  He gathered up his shirt from where he had discarded it on the back of the sun-bed and draped it around his back.  The sun had momentarily disappeared behind a bank of cloud and it suddenly felt very chilly.  “You must be mistaken,” he said to his mother, annoyed.  It would be typical of her, he thought, to confuse things.  Or perhaps it was one of his friends playing a practical joke: how they would laugh at duping his mother - well, there was no way that he was going to be fooled so easily.  The object of his contempt was standing beside him now and he snatched the phone from her hand, barking into the receiver, “Yes?”
The voice that answered was cool and cultured.  Damien did not recognize it as anyone he knew.  “Damien Finn?  Is that Mr. Damien Finn of Higham’s Court, Watford?”
“Yes,” Damien answered, wary.
“You are a friend of a Robert Waterhouse?”
So it was about Rob.  Damien sounded relieved, wondering what Rob could have done, “Yes.  Who is this?”
“I’m sorry, I thought that your mother would have explained.  This is Detective Sergeant James Leigh, Hertfordshire C.I.D.”
“What’s this all about?”  Damien was feeling bolder now, “I’m on holiday, don’t you know.  What is this?”
“I hope I won’t have to take up too much of your time.  Could you please confirm whether Mr. Waterhouse is currently staying with you in France?”
“Rob?  Here in France with us?  Are you joking?”
“He didn’t leave the country with you last Monday?”
“No, of course not.  I mean, I know Rob well enough, but half the point of a holiday is to get away from people like him.”
“Like him?”
“Well, people you know.  You know?  What on earth would I want to bring him along for anyway?”  A sudden realization of the implications surrounding the policeman’s questions suddenly dawned on Damien.  “Does this mean that Rob has gone missing?”
James tried not to let his disappointment show in his voice.  He maintained his professional approach as he said, “Mr. Waterhouse was last seen at his parent’s house on Monday last week.  I understand that he is someone that you would not normally expect to disappear for several days without any explanation.”
Damien was more intrigued than concerned for the well-being of his friend, “No, a proper home bird, Rob.  Not very... what would you say, adventurous.”
“Are there any other friends of his you know that you think he could be staying with?”
“No,” Damien answered quickly, before thinking again, “Although, perhaps.  There is this girl he’s been seeing.”
“A girlfriend?”  Here was something that Leigh had not heard about before.
“More like a cheap fling, if you ask me,” said Damien.
“Would you know her name?  Her address?”
“No,” replied Damien, “He’s been pretty secretive about things.”
“Oh.”  James could not now hide the frustration he felt.
“There is something though,” Damien supplied, “She’s one of those barge people.  You know, lives among that community of longboats in the middle of the park.  He could be with her.  Wouldn’t trust any of those water gypsies as far as I could throw them.”
James could feel his teeth grinding together as he thanked the young man for his information and put the phone down.  He disliked the youth’s cocksure attitude, and was embarrassed by his racist descriptions and assumptions but, unfortunately, he realised, in a moment of self-loathing, that he agreed with the sentiments that the other man had expressed: the merest mention of the barge people had made him sit up and listen.
Damien pushed in the aerial on his own handset and returned the apparatus to his mother who was still hovering at his side.
“Well?” she demanded, when it became clear that her son was not going to elucidate upon his phone call without prompting.
Damien picked up his book from the floor.  “It’s nothing,” he said. “Wrong number.”
The older woman opened her mouth as if about to protest, but then thought better of it, and turned and walked slowly back inside the villa.

•••

At last, James Leigh felt like he was making some progress.  True the news from France had been something of a knock back, but the information supplied by the missing boy’s arrogant friend had at least opened up a new course of enquiry for him.  He had arranged for an immediate boat-to-boat investigation to determine the identity of Robert Waterhouse’s secret girlfriend; an image of the young couple sailing off into the sunset already fixed in his mind.  The phone call he was to receive from his investigating officer in charge at the scene of the enquiries was to send James immediately scurrying to the canal side himself.
The inside of the cabin looked like it had been turned upside down; a chair and a small table had been kicked over, all the high cupboard doors above the side benches were flung open and most of their contents flung out, the debris of papers, pots and pans lying in a confused heap on the floor of the longboat.  It only needed a quick glance into the other two cabins to confirm that a similar tale was repeated in each of them.  The sickening smell of diesel fuel and dampness pervaded the whole interior of the barge.  James felt nauseous, and this was before he had seen the corpse.  The body was in the main bedroom, sprawled unnaturally across the double bed; it had been unnecessary to follow the trail of blood leading from the galley area, there had been made no attempt to conceal the victim’s corpse.
The police photographer had already completed his job by the time that James Leigh arrived at the barge.  He was accompanied by his superior officer, Phil Bacon, who barked out orders to the men around him, demanding that they clear a passage in the narrow, claustrophobic confines of the longboat, to allow himself and his sergeant access to the scene.  A police doctor was halfway through his examination of the body as James joined him at his side.  Between them they turned the corpse over, able to see the face for the first time.  It would not have been a pleasant visage in life James decided, but in death the long, unwashed white hair hung around the bloated features like pond weed around a dead fish, and the skin which had once been so florid had acquired a greasy, white pallor, as though someone had applied too much factor thirty sun lotion to the victim’s complexion and where no amount of rubbing was going to absorb all the excess cream.  The man would have been in his late fifties, so James judged, a fact confirmed by the doctor’s initial analysis.
“Difficult to say what killed him at this stage,” the young medic continued, “There’s been a blow to the head.  See here.”  He proceeded to indicate to the two police officers a large, egg-sized bump on the side of the dead man’s temple.  “The skull doesn’t appear to be fractured though.”
“What about all this blood?” Bacon asked, pointing to the grisly trail across the wooden floor of the boat and the dark stain that had seeped into the woolen blanket on the bed.  “Where’s all this come from?”
“You’ll have to help me to flip him over again,” the doctor requested, “and I’ll show you.  You can remove his jacket too, it’s only loose around him.”
Once the body had been turned again, the head buried face down into the mattress in a position suffocating to any air-breathing creature, and the improvised modesty covering removed to expose the dead man’s naked arms, shoulders and torso, a clear series of distinct cuts were revealed on the man’s bare back.
“One of these is quite deep,” the doctor went on to explain, indicating an incision close to the spine, “I’d have to examine the entry wound more closely before I could say with any certainty, but I would have thought this injury is the most likely cause of death.  Possibly even punctured his kidneys.  It certainly resulted in a large amount of blood loss.”
“Is there a murder weapon?”  Bacon was directing his question towards Leigh, who being no more enlightened on the subject than his boss, deflected the question by looking towards the young doctor, as if hoping that he could transfer the enquiry by telepathy.  He was fortunate that the medical man was keen to impress with his knowledge and spoke up for him.
“One of your men found a small kitchen knife in the main cabin.  It’s bagged up somewhere.  I examined it beforehand, and it looked perfectly feasible that it could have caused this particular injury.  It would have meant that it was used with great force, perhaps commando style, you know?”  The young man imitated grabbing an imaginary opponent around the neck with one arm, while plunging a knife into his lower back with the other.
“I know what you mean,” said Bacon, wearily.  “And what about these other marks then?”  He pointed to the top of the victim’s back, where a vest of dark, congealed blood was encrusted on the skin, spreading across from one shoulder blade almost to the other.
“Now that is more interesting,” the doctor said, “These are stab marks committed immediately after death.  Can I have some water in here?”  This last request was directed at the uniformed constable standing guard at the door of the cabin.  “If I clean him up a bit, you’ll be able to see the cuts more clearly.”
As the doctor went to work, performing a hurried toilet on the body, James continued the interview.  “How long has he been like this?”
“You mean, how long has he been dead?” said Bacon bluntly, sarcastically mocking his companion’s delicacy at pronouncing a fact that was only too plainly obvious.
The doctor replied, “Not long.  Some time this morning certainly.  Perhaps an hour since your first man arrived at the scene, certainly not longer than two.”
“And do we know who he is?”
This time it was the constable who spoke, “His name was Ronald Sherry, sir.  There’s some papers you might like to see here, and one of his neighbours has confirmed the identification.”
At the mention of the dead man’s name both Bacon and Leigh exchanged a questioning glance, but before either of them could speak the doctor had stood up between them and was proudly exhibiting his absterged corpse for their attention, looking like a conjurer who, having successfully completed an illusion, is waiting for the look of wonderment to appear on the faces of his audience, “Now you can see for yourselves.”
Both police officers turned to look.  There were five distinct knife wounds running closely parallel to one another vertically down the upper portion of the dead man’s back, converging slightly as they raked lower, producing a vivid red impression on the otherwise pale skin.
“It looks rather like...” the doctor began, but he was interrupted by Leigh.
“The claw mark of a big cat.”

•••

Ronald Sherry’s body was taken away by stretcher along the towpath, the head discretely concealed beneath a white sheet, until it was transferred to a waiting ambulance, which had successfully negotiated the tarmac paths as far as the canal bridge, beyond which it could go no further.  A thorough search of the longboat and the surrounding area continued long into the evening, and a wide section of the towpath was cordoned off by blue tape, warning the curious onlookers of their proximity to a crime scene and to keep well away.  James Leigh remained at the barge all day, officially reassigned to the Sherry case, in the absence of the hapless Stanton, whose own investigation into the whereabouts of the escaped convict, it had been ascertained, had required him to spend several days following up leads in the Tyneside area, coincidentally at the very same time as his favourite football team were playing away at Newcastle.
Of Ronald’s brother, the absconder David, there was no sign, but that the current murder had been committed by his hand, there could be no serious doubt: the marks on his brother’s back were identical to those described in the autopsy report of the victim of Sherry’s previous killing, at the time when he was still an inmate at the young offender’s centre.  Apparently old habits really do die hard.  James was interested to discover, though, that his brother had been no great pillar of the local community either.
Ronald Sherry: it was proving to be something of a misnomer.  Whisky would have been a far more apt surname for the recently deceased barge owner.  The paperwork relating to Ronald Sherry’s illegal business activities was surprisingly well ordered and complete, and it took Leigh very little time to piece together a fairly accurate picture of the scam that Sherry was involved in.  Sherry, it appeared, had a partner working as a driver at a firm of international hauliers, who, for the payment of a regular retainer and a share of the eventual profits, was bringing in large quantities of cheap whisky from the continent, concealing the booty amongst the innocent possessions of legitimate house removal freight consignments, and so avoiding the expensive necessity of paying British excise duties.  Once in the U.K., Sherry himself took possession of the shipment, usually at a prearranged place along the course of the canal, somewhere where a lorry could gain direct access to the edge of the waterway and the transfer of goods could be performed in relative concealment.  It was apparent that Sherry kept a separate vessel purely for this purpose: a small, inconspicuous barge that could be regularly manoeuvred up and down the canal without exciting comment, and, after a further brief police search, the boat itself, still fully loaded with contraband alcohol was discovered in a narrow tributary off the main canal path.  Sherry’s accomplice, the lorry driver, would not now be thanking his erstwhile business partner for having kept such accurate accounts: Leigh had already been able to put a call through to a colleague working for H.M. Customs and Excise, and had been informed that the truck, its contents and its driver, would be stopped and detained when they next returned to these shores.  It had appeared to be a lucrative enterprise while it lasted, judging from the large number of receipts that were discovered.  Sherry himself had the job of relabelling the whisky and handling onward distribution, and had built up an enviable list of regular customers, many being reputable outlets, while other bottles were sold in small, private deals to pubs, clubs, parties, raves and individuals.  James Leigh was personally satisfied to see that the farmer Mick Jones’s name appeared in several places in Sherry’s account books, revealing him to be a frequent purchaser of the smuggled liquor, although he then realized with a guilty amusement that it was more than likely that he had unwittingly sampled some of the illicit wares himself, remembering the bottle that Jones had given him upon his last visit to the smallholding.  The minor mystery of the stolen cash box was solved too.  Leigh recognized the handwriting he had previously seen on the receipts, which had been found alongside the discarded tin as being the same as that in Sherry’s ledgers.  How the tin had come to be left in the Vicarage Road Cemetery grounds, Leigh was not sure, but that it had originated from Sherry’s barge, perhaps having been used for storing the monies obtained from casual ‘drop-in’ trade, he was in no doubt.
As to clues of the current whereabouts of David Sherry, there were none.  There were no letters from him on the barge, no hint as to a possible address for him, nor even any obvious sign that this was indeed where he had spent his fortnight of freedom.  The Scene Of Crime officers were conducting a meticulous examination of both barges, but James was confident that if there was anything useful to be discovered he would have spotted it himself: he had poured over the files of this man for the best part of two weeks now, he felt like he knew him intimately, and instinctively he knew that somehow his presence was not here.  Neighbouring barge owners were questioned about the Sherry family but, by their very nature, the floating community was a nomadic one: no one claimed to know the Sherrys well, certainly no one claimed a knowledge of Ronald’s illegal trade in spirits; the only useful piece of additional information that James was able to pick up was that Ronald’s wife and his daughter had left the barge very early that morning with luggage suggesting at least an overnight stay, Ronald having been sufficiently alive at that time to wave them off, and that since such a departure by the women folk was apparently a fairly regular occurrence that it was a commonly held belief that the two females visited a relative of Mrs. Sherry, at an address unknown.
By the time the sun was beginning to set, James Leigh had decided that there was little more that he could do at the canal side, and returned to the police station to type up his report.  It had been an interesting day.  Secretly, Leigh felt rather pleased with himself, although he could not decide whether after today’s events he was really any closer to re-arresting David Sherry.  Of the missing boy Robert Waterhouse, he had given not a thought.  It would just have to be hoped that he turned up again of his own free will, otherwise he could expect another ear-bashing from that father of his.  Unless...  Now that Stanton was no longer on the Sherry case, he’d have some time to spare.  James smiled to himself, already imagining his colleague fending off the irate father.  Yes, all things considered, it had been a successful day.
Chapter Twenty-Two:  Saturday night

“In October 1993, Jane Fuller was walking her dogs on Bodmin Moor late one evening, when she was struck by a sudden blow from behind, knocking her unconscious. Regaining consciousness, she was horrified to see a large, black, cat-like animal crouching nearby, growling.”

The first thing he saw when he opened his eyes was a vision of beauty: an Indian goddess; broad, beaming smile, white, shining teeth, and big brown eyes, glistening black hair encircling the round face.  He blinked, but she was still there.  Now he knew that he had gone to heaven.  Unless...  Art blinked again, checking, when he reopened his eyes, that this imagined vision of loveliness had only one pair of arms.  It would have been just his luck if his Indian goddess turned out to be Kali.  No, he was okay, just the one pair of arms.  He could relax again, everything was going to be all right.  He closed his eyes and fell back into a deep sleep.
When Art woke up again, Rupa was sitting by his bedside.  He did not immediately register that this was a slightly peculiar occurrence.  “What are you doing here?” he said, sleepily, before taking in his surroundings and asking, his brow wrinkled with puzzlement, “Where am I?”
Rupa lay a hand on his chest, gently forcing him to lie back down in the bed, “It’s all right,” she said, reassuringly, “You knocked yourself out.  You’re in the hospital.  It’s nothing to worry about though.”
Art smiled weakly, still feeling utterly confused but, at the same time, content to go along with whatever fresh surprises the day was about to bring.  He was only able to relax for a second though before he remembered something, which required immediate attention, “Where’s Luke?”
“Don’t worry.”  Rupa’s voice was gentle and calming, “He’s absolutely fine.  He is at my house.  My sister is looking after him.  She loves babies.  They will be having a great time.”
“Thank you.”
Rupa smiled, “It’s nothing.  Now that you are awake, I’ll let one of the nurses know.  I think that they wanted to examine you as soon as you regained consciousness.”  Seeing the momentary flicker of anxiety in Art’s eyes, she added, “Don’t worry, I’ll be back later.  You don’t remember anything, do you?” she asked, intrigued.
“Remember?  No, not really.  I remember...”
“Don’t worry,” Rupa said, “As soon as the nurses have given you a once-over, and you’ve woken up a bit, I’ll come back and fill in any gaps in your memory.  Okay?”
Art smiled again and closed his eyes.

•••

“I don’t know what you were doing, running away from Sandy in the first place?”
A team of doctors and nurses had prodded and poked him, had questioned him and showed him a series of visual tests on printed cards and, apparently satisfied by his responses, despite pronouncing that he was still suffering from mild concussion and would have to stay in overnight, had departed, allowing Rupinder to return to Art’s bedside.  Art was answering her question for the second time, “I told you, I thought he was a puma.”
“But he doesn’t look anything like a puma.  How could you mistake a golden retriever for a big cat?”
“It was misty.”
Rupa looked amused, but also disbelieving, “Didn’t you see me calling out behind.  You were running so fast, I could scarcely keep up.”
“I guess my mind was on other things,” said Art.  He was feeling tired and not a little embarrassed too.  He rubbed a hand across the back of his head, where a large bump throbbed away, this despite the painkillers he had swallowed, “Oh, I’ve been such an idiot.  What must you think?” 
“I’m just relieved to see that you’re okay.  I felt terrible seeing Sandy bowl you over like that, like it was all my fault.”
Art smiled, shaking his head from side to side with disbelief at his own stupidity, recalling some of his actions as he fled from, what he believed to be at the time, the Cassiobury Cougar.  Rupa smiled too, then, unable to contain herself any longer, she burst out laughing, half with relief, half with genuine amusement.  Art joined her too, until they were both crying tears of pleasure.
“What must you have thought when you saw me pushing Luke through that cat flap?”  Art said, gasping breathlessly after the exertion of so much laughter.
“I hadn’t quite reached the corner of the gate by then,” Rupa explained, “so I missed out on seeing that.  I just arrived as Sandy leapt up towards you.  It’s a sign of affection, you know.  She must have recognized you.  I’ve been trying to teach her not to jump up and put her paws on people’s shoulders, but she is over-exuberant and just won’t heed me.  You took a real tumble, you know.”
“Tell me about it,” Art said, ruefully, “I thought I was being attacked by the great beast.  I must have been caught off balance and I don’t remember anything more.”
“You hit your head on the door as you fell.  I heard the crack from where I was standing.  I thought you were dead at first, you were lying there so still.”
“And you rang the ambulance?” Art asked.
“Lucky I had my mobile on me,” said Rupa, “I couldn’t get any answer from the people at the house.”
“So how did you get Luke out?”
“I thought at first that I was going to have to wait for the emergency services to arrive and then break down the door.  He was getting a bit agitated, crying and not knowing what was going on.  I mean, who could blame him?”
“So what happened?” Art asked.
“In the end I manage to lure him back out the same way that he went in.”
“Through the cat flap?”
“That’s right.  I held it open to its full extent and then managed to entice him towards it with a breadstick.  Just as well you carried some supplies with you.”
“Thank you.  Really, I can’t thank you enough.”
“It’s nothing,” said Rupa, “I’m just pleased it has all turned out okay in the end.  It’s what any friend would have done.”  Her eyes met with Art’s and they held the look for a second, neither turning away.
“Thank you for being a friend,” Art said, finally.  “Perhaps...”
Rupa interrupted him, “When you get out, maybe we could go for another walk together?”  She looked sheepish, lowering her eyes, unable to meet his gaze, unsure of herself for the first time.
“I’d like that,” Art answered, “I’d like that a lot.  Or...”  Now it was Art’s turn to venture into unknown territory, stalling, scarcely bold enough to take the first step into an uncharted area of their relationship.
“Yes?”  Rupa prompted.
“If I could find a babysitter for Luke, perhaps the two of us could go out alone.  You know, together,” he added, unnecessarily.
“For dinner?”
“Or to see a movie.  Whatever you prefer to do.”
“That would be lovely.  It’s a date.”
Embarrassed at having momentarily lowered his guard, such that his feelings had been briefly allowed to reveal themselves, Art, like the proverbial tortoise anxious to shuffle back into the safety of its shell, instantly reverted to formal speech in an attempt to re-establish a protective distance between his companion and himself.  “Are you sure that you don’t mind looking after Luke tonight?  I’ll reimburse you any expenses, of course, you know, food, or nappies.. do you have any spare nappies?  I can always give you the key to my house, and you can...”
Rupa laughed at Art’s verbose meanderings, “Calm down, won’t you.  What you need is rest and relaxation, panicking like this won’t do you any good.  Luke is fine.  My sister went to the shops this afternoon; we’re all stocked up for everything we might need.  Relax.  Everything is under control.”
Art breathed a deep sigh of relief.  “Everything under control”: it had been a long time since someone had said that to him; had relieved him, albeit only temporarily, of all responsibilities in his life.  It was perhaps what he needed: a day to recharge the batteries; to get it all back into proportion again.  He had not admitted it to himself, but he had not felt entirely in control of his own life ever since Luke had been born, and particularly not since Amanda had departed for New York, but he had been too proud, or too stupid, to admit that he was in need of some outside help.  In the past, his mantra had been that he could cope.  The Madisons were great Stoics; they would suffer in silence, because silence was preferable to vulgar shows of exhibitionism.  There was a code of honour to uphold: you took responsibility for yourself, beholden to no one for your existence and having no one beholden to you.  Luke had upset that balance: not that the little child was in any way beholden to Art, but dependent he undoubtedly was.  And now it was Art that was dependent in his turn.  He had always imagined that it would be a dreadful sensation, being physically incapable: he pictured himself growing old, becoming increasingly decrepit, he imagined there might well come a time when he was unable to care for himself and would be reliant on the favours of others for his day-to-day comfort and existence.  Now here he was, immobilised, incapacitated in a similar way to the scenario he most feared, and yet it appeared to have a lot going for it.  Life can be very strange sometimes: you try to act cool in order to win the attentions of the girl, and yet the girl only falls for you after you do something so embarrassing, the very thought of it is enough to make you cringe all over again; you devote days planning and pursuing the search for a creature, whose very existence you can not be confident about, and yet at the moment of epiphany, when success or failure are only separated from one another by the thinnest of veils, you are ultimately glad that you are proved to be mistaken; and, when you are confined to your bed, unable to even decide what you choose to eat for your own supper, the surrendering of responsibility is so liberating that you can not help but feel happy.  Everything in Art’s life was under control, if not his own, then someone else’s.  It was a moment of near religious realization for him.  He liked the phrase, repeating it over and over in his head, as he closed his eyes, and snuggled back deeply into his pillow: “...under control, if not his own, then someone else’s”.  He would enter it as a screensaver on his computer when he went back home, it would be a bit more uplifting than the slogan that currently berated him whenever he fell into periods of inactivity at his keyboard: ‘I have wasted time, and now doth Time waste me’.
Art did not hear Rupinder leave, nor did he feel the kiss she lightly planted on his forehead as she wished him sleep well.
Chapter Twenty-Three:  Sunday

“Cornish farmer, Rosemary Rhodes filmed a leopard-like animal exhibiting a distinct feline gait and measuring about four feet in length in a field close to Bodmin Moor. The video footage was shown nationwide on BBC2 and the legend of the Beast of Bodmin had begun.”

Rob shivered.  It was not just the cold and damp of the burrow that made him shake; the man, his captor, had not been back since... when?  He had no very clear way of judging the passing of time, but he estimated that at least thirty hours must have elapsed since his fellow troglodyte had removed the obstruction which effectively sealed off their cave from the outside world, and had disappeared into the darkness beyond, without a further word to Rob as to his intentions or likely time of return, leaving him bound and resealed off, alone in the dark dungeon.  The only positive aspect that Rob had taken from the situation had been that the man had taken his kitten with him, although now that so long had passed without any sign of his return, even this small mercy Rob was beginning to view with somewhat black cynicism: perhaps it was just a sign that he did not intend to come back at all.  It was rather an ironic situation that Rob found himself in, in some ways, should he have known or cared to contemplate it, mirrored by Art currently lying in hospital: Rob’s jailer had become his very lifeline too.  Although it was with a considerable degree of fear that he entertained the company of the unstable escaped convict, the prospect of his non-appearance was an even more terrifying situation to consider.
Yesterday, he had been sure that he had heard someone outside the entrance to the burrow, a little distance away, but definitely there had been the vibration, more than the sound, of footsteps.  He had shouted for all he was worth, but the earth must have effectively muffled his cries; certainly they were not answered.  After that, there had been nothing.  Where before he had been free to move around in his underground prison, able to make his way to the verge of freedom, with the possibility of glimpsing the sky above at the entrance of the den, now he had been tethered deep down in the remotest bowl of his subterranean confines, where it was scarcely possible to distinguish day from night.  At his bleakest moments, he imagined never being discovered, that this burrow would ultimately prove to be his tomb, that over time the walls would crumble, the dry earth would fall in on him, the entrance would be obliterated by the steady accumulation of fallen leaves and he would be left to rot away, slowly eaten by the worms and the beetles that seemed happy to share his new world.  Other scenarios he pictured, no less dismal, were that the decomposing plant matter would cause a massive build up of methane in his unventilated dungeon and that he would suffocate or be slowly poisoned, this though would probably be preferable to the most likely outcome: that he would die a slow and painful death through lack of water.  His captor had left no provisions for him, not that he could have consumed them in any case, his hands and legs still being effectively bound.  Rob tried to estimate how much longer he could last without water.  Sometimes the answer was, too long.  He had heard that a large part of survival in extremis is in the mind: if you turn away from life, Death will be there.  There were times when Rob felt so lonely and despairing, it appeared that even Death had deserted him.

•••

Art was sitting up in bed, draining the dregs of his second cup of tea.  He had eaten everything that had been put in front of him for breakfast, but still felt ravenously hungry.  That must be a good sign.  He had been told that a doctor would visit him later that morning to check that he was all right to go home, and if all was well, he would be free to go by lunchtime.  He had been asked if he wanted to ring anyone to arrange to be picked up, but since he only lived a short distance away from the hospital he had said that he thought that he could manage by himself.
There was nothing to do except wait.  He was in a ward of six beds, but three of his fellow confiners still had the curtains screened around their quarters and were not visible to public scrutiny, another bed was empty, the bed covers pulled back untidily, suggesting a rapid departure to a destination unspecified, and the occupant of the final bed was so deeply engrossed in a thick and well-thumbed paperback that Art did not like to interrupt him to make time-killing small-talk.  Instead, he searched around in the small cabinet beside his own bed to see if there was anything there that would keep him amused while he waited for his notice of dismissal.  He was relieved to see that his rucksack had been stowed away safely, and that all the clothes he had been wearing the previous day appeared to have been neatly folded and were readily available for him to change back into.  On top of his possessions, he also discovered a copy of the local newspaper and a hand-written note from Rupa: “Hope you slept well.  Sorry not to have anything more interesting to leave you to read, but hope that you will be out and about soon.  Call around anytime to collect Luke, or ring if you want anything.  Rupa xxx.”  Three kisses, not bad.  Love and three kisses would have been better, but hey! no need to rush these things.
The newspaper, as usual, was more than half made up of advertisements, and Art found himself turning over the pages mechanically, not really paying attention to the stories or their contents.  He was amused, though, to see an article, accredited to his friend Trevor, on the subject of canine excrement, reporting in sensationalist terms the problem of dog’s muck on the streets of our country, comparing it as a peril only barely second to the threat of Al-Qaida terrorism as a matter of national urgency.  The big cat had disappeared without trace, both literally and literarily.  It was only as Art had closed and folded the newspaper, ready to discard it again, that the headline on the front cover caught his attention: “Reward offered for missing man”.  Skim reading through the story, Art was able to ascertain the basic facts behind the disappearance of Robert Waterhouse, although the main words that he kept on returning to were the ones spelling out ‘ten thousand pounds’, the amount being offered for any information leading to the safe return of the missing youth.  Normally, and after the required degree of empathizing with a father thrown in a situation that Art could only ever hope that he, himself, never had to face, he would have thrown away the paper, never to give the article a second thought, but there was something about this piece that was nagging at Art’s mind.  Or was it the article, or actually some nugget of knowledge he possessed that was somehow relevant?  Perhaps it was just wishful thinking to imagine that he somehow held a clue which could solve the disappearance of the suspected runaway, particularly when so much money was on offer for just such a piece of information.  Art studied the photograph of the missing man again.  Did he recognize him?  Had he seen him before?  He didn’t think so.  Robert Waterhouse, there was something familiar there, he just couldn’t put his finger on it.  Robert.  Rob.  Rob Waterhouse.  Of course.  Art sat upright in bed.  Rob Waterhouse, it had been the name that the barge girl Janet had said to him, the name of the lover who had not been there to meet her.  Well, now the reason for his non-materialization that evening was apparent: he hadn’t just walked out on her, he had walked out on everyone.  But why?  Janet had sounded so sure that he would have been there for her; Art recalled her tears, as he had tried to console her, the night that she had opened her heart to him, beneath the very tree where she should have met her man.  What if he had turned up that night?  Perhaps had met with an accident on the way?  Art knew only too well the perils of walking around in the woods in the dark: it would be only too easy to slip and fall, perhaps break a limb, perhaps knock yourself out.  There were places amongst the trees where a body could lie undiscovered for days.  The more Art thought about it, the more sure he was that the woods were the key to the young man’s disappearance.  And there was something else too.  The persistent, nagging thought that had been clamouring away at the back of his mind, demanding of being noticed, had still not quite formulated itself into coherent expression.  What was it?  From behind one of the curtained cubicles Art’s train of thought was interrupted by a low moan: it was a sound redolent of both pain and tiredness, emanating from a patient invisible behind his modesty screen.  That was it!  Art suddenly remembered: it had been just before he saw the big cat - saw the average-sized dog, he mentally corrected himself - the previous morning, in the midst of the woods, the mist circling, for a moment he had thought that he had heard a cry, the sound of a human in distress, but, with his mind full of his own miseries, and with the almost immediate sighting of what, at the time, he had thought was the goal of his searching, he had put the incident completely out of his head.  Surely, he was not mistaken.  And so what if he was?  Potentially a life was at stake and, for the time being, that life was in Art’s hands.  Climbing out of his hospital bed, and scrabbling around in the cabinet for his clothes with an undue haste that would have resulted in his exposing himself to the whole corridor leading up to his ward, alerted one of the duty nurses that all was not well with patient Madison.  The small, efficient woman approached Art as he had his back turned to her and was in the process of pulling his trousers up over his hospital gown.
“Is there anything the matter?” she asked.  “Can I get you anything?”
Art turned, looking anxious, “Yes, a telephone, please.  Dial 999.  It’s an emergency.”
Chapter Twenty-Four:  Sunday night

“In December 1993, veterinary lecturer Sally Dyke and her husband Nick were investigating reports of A.B.C. sightings around Inkberrow, Worcestershire when they were attacked by a huge black cat, the size of a Great Dane dog, whose claws ripped through Sally’s jacket leaving deep scratches on her skin.”

Vince had been counting down the days to Sunday.  The regular nightly gatherings he had previously organized had been thrown into something approaching turmoil since the last assembly had been so dramatically and - to Vince’s mind - mysteriously dispersed.  The devil that had so violently flung himself into their midst that evening, had had nothing to do with Vince or any of his planned illusions; he had been more surprised than anyone else when the unexpected interloper had barged directly into their ceremony, just at the point when he had been preparing for his own grand finale to that evening’s events.  Not for one minute, though, did Vince attribute any supernatural quality to the unwarranted disturbance; the elemental that had unceremoniously rushed past him and who had knocked Graham clear off his feet had been pure flesh and blood.
If the premature break-up of the last meeting had been a disappointment to Vince, the reports that had been appearing in the local newspaper were even more frustrating to him: what had the idiot reporter been thinking?  What was the point of tipping him off to a story if he goes and writes something completely different?  Here he was trying to plant the idea that the Great Beast was abroad, summoned, of course, by the potency of his own incantations, and what does the journo write about?  Big cats!  Nonsense!  And the Web was no better: he had hoped that he could start a spot of healthy debate in some of the fortean chat rooms by rubbishing the newspaper articles about the puma and fuelling the idea that the creature at large was of a more Horned variety, but he had found no fellow stokers for his fire.  He had regularly checked back into the email account he held, under the pseudonym of HPL200890 - a code he had adopted from the initials and birth date of his favourite author - but the in-box remained stubbornly empty, no one apparently interested in entering into his homemade conspiracy theory.  Vince was effectively having reinforced a lesson that he had been taught throughout his whole life: if you want a job doing you have got to do it yourself; there is no one else out there that is going to lend you a hand.  For Vince, the current job in hand was a spot of self-promotion, to build himself up to appear as a genuine conjurer of supernatural powers; a consort of demons; a mover in the black arts.  And the purpose?  His ultimate goal was unchanged: Zoe.  From the outside, it might appear that there were more straightforward - more conventional - courses that could be adopted in the pursuit of the seduction of a young woman: flowers were normally a fairly safe bet; poems worked in some cases; even the direct approach, a no nonsense question, “Will you?  Won’t you?”.  For Vince though, it was not just a simple question of wanting to possess her body - although, of course, he was not averse to the idea.  No, he wanted something more, something that he had seldom ever received from another individual, or at least not from one whose opinion he valued: he wanted her respect too.
Respect.  For a second, the thought halted Vince in his tracks and made him examine himself critically.  It was already dark in the park, and just as well, so that no one else would be likely to see him.  Respect?  How could he really expect it from someone else, when it was not a feeling that he even had for himself?  Under cover of the obscurity of the night, Vince started a character assassination of himself, talking out loud in a low, mumbled voice, as though entering into a conversation with an unseen critic.  It was a habit he had developed at home, speaking to himself: it was at least preferable to having to engage either his mother or his sister in conversation, and despite his computer’s best attempts at being a friend, the electronic box in his bedroom had remained steadfastly mute, except for the occasional electric bleat in its own peculiar language.
“What were you thinking?  Look at yourself.  You’re a joke.”  Vince’s voice faded away to an unintelligible monotone, his lips still moving rapidly though, indicating that he was mentally carrying on his self-abasement.  From beneath the concealment of his long coat he drew out a strange, stuffed carcass, and angrily threw the dead creature on the ground.  “Idiot,” he cried allowed, “What were you thinking?” he repeated.  The animal, on closer inspection, appeared to be a stuffed badger, rather moth-eaten and old, a hole in the underside where the taxidermist had originally stitched it up now burst open, the material stuffing leaking out like spilled guts.  Vince gave the unfortunate creature a punt with his foot, as though he were kicking a rugby conversion, sending the animal into a short orbit into the darkness.  Vince mumbled a few further obscenities under his breath, before recovering his strange possession from where it had come to rest, at the base of a large chestnut tree, just off the main pathway.  He stuffed the badger back beneath his coat, protectively, the rigid legs jutting out preposterously, distorting his own outline, the tail protruding between two buttons in his coat, giving him the appearance of wearing a bizarre sporran.  Respect?  He just prayed that he did not bump into Zoe now, before he had had a chance to properly assemble this evening’s props.

•••

It took quite a bit of frantic explaining before Art was finally put in touch with someone directly involved in the investigation of the disappearance of Robert Waterhouse: the garbled and excited theorizing of a man, who by his own admission had been in the woods pursuing an imaginary puma, was not the kind of tip-off the police generally regarded with anything other than scepticism.  When, by sheer persistence, he eventually penetrated the obstructive barrier of desk staff and, retelling his story each time, worked his way up through the ranks of uniformed police hierarchy until he was finally put through to Detective Sergeant James Leigh, Art was rewarded by a more sympathetic hearing.  Initially having offered to conduct a thorough search the next morning, Leigh was eventually persuaded by Art’s urgency - and also by the threat that he would go looking by himself if he didn’t obtain any assistance from the police - and by five o’clock that afternoon a team of three uniformed constables, Leigh himself, Art, and Rupinder, who insisted on accompanying Art in the capacity of nursemaid and general minder, were assembled at one of the car parks adjacent to the woods, as close as it was feasible to get, by car, to the point where Art recalled hearing the cry, which he had now convinced himself was the sound of a man in need of assistance.  Leigh was far from so sure himself, but, much to his personal chagrin, he had still been maintained as officer in charge of the disappearance of the Waterhouse boy, and although he would have preferred to have devoted his energies to the longboat murder investigation, where the kudos for solving the crime was so much greater, he knew that he had a duty to follow up all leads in the missing person case, however slender they appeared.
It was already dark by the time the search party had abandoned their vehicles and, after a short walk along the track leading from the car park to the solitary house where Art had so recently lain unconscious, illuminated along the way by the powerful torches of the policemen, he was then able to retrace his steps to a point, as close as he could judge, where he had heard the distress call in the woods.
“It was around here, somewhere.”  Art said, staring into the impenetrable blackness of the trees, adding, his words belying their tone, “I’m pretty sure.”
Leigh addressed Art and Rupinder, “You two stay here, on the path.  I don’t want you wandering around getting lost in the darkness.  My men will handle the search from here.”
“Be careful,” Art advised, “There are some deep swallow holes in amongst the trees.  The ground falls away quite steeply and unexpectedly in places.”
“Thank you.  We’ll be careful,” Leigh said sharply.  “Fan out,” he called to the three young constables, “If you find anything call out, but otherwise try not to make too much noise.  In this darkness we’ll be more likely to hear if there is someone in need of help, rather than actually pick him out with the torches.  Don’t go too far afield either.  I don’t want to have to send out a search party for any of you lot.  It’s almost five thirty now.  I want you all back here by six o’clock.  If we haven’t found anything, we’ll move on and try further along the path.”  He added to Art, as a final shot before disappearing into the trees, “Just in case you haven’t remembered the spot correctly.”
Art and Rupa were left alone.  It was cold standing still and they were conscious of not wanting to make any undue noise by talking, since the police searchers were maintaining a silent vigil, keenly listening in order to pick up any telltale sounds from the gloomy forest.  Art felt Rupa’s hand on his arm, the fingers walking down the sleeve of his jacket until they reached his own exposed hand, her fingers interlocking with his own.
“You okay?” she whispered in his ear.
“Yes,” he hissed back.
“How’s the bump?”
It took Art a second to realize to what Rupa was referring.  He stroked the back of his head, where a thick padding of white bandage concealed his injury, “Better, thanks,” he said.  “It’s stopped throbbing,” he said, quietly.
They stood in silence again for several minutes.  Two torch beams were still visible to them, each cutting a narrow pathway of visibility through the murk, like a machete chopping through lianas.  Further distant, the other two policemen could still be heard occasionally, each time they moved forward, or when one of them paused to call out Rob’s name.
“Do you think they’ll find him?”  Rupa asked eventually.
“I don’t know.  Perhaps I was mistaken.  I’ve been wrong about everything else.”
“The puma?”
Art shrugged his shoulders, “I just don’t know.  I still want to believe it exists.  What do you think?  Can you sense it out here?  Do you feel its presence, somewhere in the darkness, watching us unseen?”
Rupa glanced around theatrically, imagining how she would feel if she did glimpse two large, slitted, yellow eyes staring back at her from the cover of the undergrowth, but there was nothing, not a tingle down her spine, not the sensation of the fine hairs standing up on her arms or on her neck, to indicate that she genuinely entertained the notion for a second.  She did not want to dash Art’s dreams though, replying, “Maybe if I was here on my own, maybe then I’d sense it more.  You know how it is, having all these coppers trampling around, I just don’t think the vibe is right.”
“You’re being kind.  It’s okay.  After all, what would I have done if I had come face to face with a real puma.  It’s no real mystery that there are big cats loose occasionally in the countryside.”
“It would have been nice to know for sure though if there had been one here.”
“Perhaps.  Although perhaps it is the not knowing that is the real appeal.  It is like believing in Father Christmas as a kid, even though you may suspect that he doesn’t really exist you want to carry on believing so much.  Once you know something for sure, it soon fades into history and is something of an anticlimax.”
The couple were silent again, before Rupa asked, “What time is it?”
“Why?”
“I just wondered how much longer the sergeant would carry on searching.”
Art looked at his watch.  “Five to, I think.  The battery is going, I can’t see too well.  Hold on.  Shush.  What was that?”
“What?”
Art held Rupinder’s arm tightly, urging her to be quiet and to listen.  The sound of the wind shaking the branches of the trees was all around them.  For some reason Art was reminded of a line from a T. S. Eliot poem, Rhapsody on a Windy Night, “Midnight shakes the memory, as a madman shakes a dead geranium”.  It was as though they were in the midst of a thousand madmen.  Instinctively, he knew that this was the catastasis of the whole affair.  Further away, the four policemen were still audible, but it had been a noise much closer to hand which had caught Art’s attention.  He concentrated hard in order to block out all other distractions, desperate to hear if the sound was repeated.
“Help.  Help me, please.  Someone.”  
The voice was very quiet, with a strange echoing quality to it, as though it had travelled a vast distance to reach the huddled duo and barely had the strength left to recount its message.  What was peculiar, though, was that the origin of the sound appeared to be surprisingly close at hand.  Art looked at Rupinder for confirmation, but there could be no doubt from the way that she had tensed, that she had heard the voice too.  “I was right.  I knew I had not been mistaken.”  He then added, rather less selfishly and rather more practically, “Could you pinpoint where that came from?”
“I’m not sure,” said Rupinder.  “It’s so disorientating in the dark.  Over there, I think.”
Art could see the outline of the direction that Rupa was pointing.  “That’s what I thought too.  Stay here, I’m going to look.”
“Shouldn’t we wait for the sergeant to return?” said Rupa, but the only answer she received was a further weak call for help from the imperspicuity of the forest, and the sound of Art’s retreating footsteps in the direction of the cry.
Once away from the reassuring solidity of the path, the ground underfoot suddenly felt like a veritable minefield of potential hazards; Art cursed himself for not asking the policemen for a torch, so that he could have at least illuminated his immediate vicinity and had some forewarning of soft or sloping ground or of floral obstacles.  As it was, he was walking blind, aware with every step that he might slip and fall, or walk straight into an unseen tree trunk or prickly bramble.  He held his arms out in front of him like a B-movie zombie, assuming a similar stiff-legged gait, trying not to let his feet get snared by elusive vines or his clothing snagged by protruding branches or sharp thorns.  Prince Charming could have had no easier passage to his Sleeping Beauty, as Art had that evening, trying to pinpoint the missing youth.  Intermittently, he would stop, listen and readjust his bearing, little-by-little, homing in on the resting place of his quarry.  He was still baffled by the calls he was hearing: they sounded so close, and yet, at the same time, so far away.  It was not until it appeared that he was practically on top of the voice, and yet still not able to locate any actual body, that Art realized the reason for the weak cry: Robert Waterhouse was somewhere underground.  The young man was effectively buried alive.  The thought sent a chill down his spine.  Unable to effect any kind of excavation without some visual assistance, Art spoke reassuringly to the trapped youth, letting him know that help was at hand, and then called out loud for the four policemen to join him.  It was not long before the entrance to Rob’s catacomb was ablaze with criss-crossing torch beams and, under the supervision of James Leigh, one of the uniformed constables had stripped off his bulky outer garment and gained access to the tomb beyond.  The figure that ultimately emerged from the tunnel looked like Stig of the Dump.  Art momentarily mused that perhaps his cryptozoology ambitions had been realized after all: rather than discovering a big cat in his local woods, instead he had stumbled upon a missing link between Homo Sapiens and our earlier forest ancestors.  Here was the original man of the woods.  The newly liberated youth needed the help of a policeman holding each arm to support him to walk, such was the numbness in his legs, and every exposed part of his skin was caked in mud, making it impossible to differentiate where his body began and his clothes ended.  His hair was matted and tangled, sticking up like an elaborate head-dress.  Only his eyes showed bright, defining his inherent humanity, and a flash of white teeth, behind cracked and bloodied lips, revealed that he was trying to raise a smile.
“Robert Waterhouse?”  Leigh was anxious to get his confirmation, “Are you Rob Waterhouse?”  He stared at the other man’s grimy features with a mixture of excitement and disgust: on the one hand, it would be a genuine coup if this unlikely figure did turn out to be the missing youth, in the meantime though he could not disguise the horror he felt addressing an apparition that looked more unsavoury than something the cat had brought in.
The erstwhile caveman nodded weakly, adding, “Water.  Please, I need some water.”
One of the constables offered him a hip-flask which, judging from the young man’s surprised reaction as he greedily swallowed several mouthfuls from the container, held something considerably more fiery than simple H2O.  Leigh was already on his mobile phone, requesting an ambulance.  The drivers hardly needed directions, they had only been here the day before to pick up the unconscious body of Art.
Despite the obvious shock of his ordeal, and the superficial injuries he had sustained as a result of his original beating, Robert did not appear in too much discomfort: while the strange-looking group awaited the arrival of the medical services, he was already asking Leigh about the events leading up to his discovery.
“He contacted you then?  He said he would.  I knew that he would.  I knew that he wouldn’t leave me here.”
Leigh was not following the young man’s words, “Who?  Who wouldn’t leave you?”
“Dave.  Dave Sherry.  He said that he’d tell you where to find me.  When he’d got his passport.  When he’d got away.”
“Dave Sherry?”  The name was like an alarm bell to James Leigh, “What has he got to do with this?”
“It was him that told you where to find me.”
“No,” James had to contradict Rob, “You have this man here, to thank for that.”  He pointed to Art.  “He heard you call when he was out walking,” he added, not wanting to go into the details of the circumstances leading up to the police search.
“But...”  Rob was momentarily confused, unable to speak.  It was as though the reality of the events of the past few days had suddenly become apparent to him.  “He didn’t call?  He would have left me there to die?”  Rob repeated the last words, seemingly unable to believe them.  His faith in his captor’s promise had been the only thing that had sustained him during the darkest points of his entombment, and now, even at the moment of his release, the realization that his jailer had had no intention of honouring his pledge to have him freed struck him like a hammer blow; as much a shattering attack to his mental security, as the degradation of his confinement had been to his physical well-being.  He lapsed into a silence, which neither Rupa’s words of comfort nor Leigh’s persistent questions would break.  Even when the ambulance arrived he remained steadfastly mute, unable to answer the medical team's questions regarding his physical injuries.
“I hope he’s going to be okay,” said Rupa, when the flashing lights and noisy siren of the retreating ambulance had faded away.
“He should consider himself lucky,” said Leigh, “He’s in better shape than the last chap who bumped into Sherry.”
“Oh?”
Aware that he had perhaps said too much, James Leigh changed the subject.  “My men will have a better look at that hole he was sealed in tomorrow, when it is light.  Looks as though it must have been an animal’s deserted earth.  Perhaps a fox, or something similar.”
The mention of the woodland’s fauna brought back to Art’s mind an unresolved mystery regarding his own big cat.  While he had both the attention and the gratitude of a senior officer in the C.I.D. it seemed like an opportunity too good to miss.  “I don’t suppose,” he began, “you were involved in the investigation of a dog slaying, on a gypsy encampment, not so far away from here?”  Art pointed in the general direction of where the travellers’ field lay.  “It would have been a few weeks ago now.”
“Yes,” said James cautiously, “I seem to remember something of the sort.”
“Did you ever find out what killed the dog?” asked Art, “I just thought...”  His voice trailed off, unable to admit the suspicions that he had originally harboured about the Alsatian having been the first victim of the Cassiobury Cougar.
“I can’t remember,” said James, “No, hang on.”  His mind went back to the autopsy report that had formed part of the dossier he had been compiling on the escaped convict David Sherry.  “I don’t think the lab. boys were ever sure.”  He tried to remember the exact words, “Killed by creature or creatures unknown, something like that.”  He shrugged his shoulders.  “Is that any good to you?”
Art smiled.  He put his arm around Rupa’s shoulder.  “It doesn’t really matter.”

•••

If it hadn’t been for the dead Alsatian Vince thought that he would probably never have embarked on such an elaborate deceit.
He had discovered the savaged creature completely by chance one night several weeks before, during one of his night-time walks, following the break-up of a meeting with Zoe and Graham.  It had still been relatively early, and not wishing to return to his house until he felt tired enough to fall directly asleep, he had wandered along some of the moonlit forest trails, revelling in the mysterious, ghostly atmosphere of the lonely woods.  He hadn’t recognized the shape on the ground at first; it had just been an unaccountable small mound in a field which normally would have been featureless: there had been an encampment of travellers close by and his initial thought had been that it was just some rubbish the caravan-dwellers had discarded.  As he approached closer, he could see by the light of the moon that the object was undoubtedly organic; he remembered feeling a thrill of anticipation that it might even be human, memories of the group’s recent conversation about satanic vampire killers still firmly in his mind.  Discovering that the corpse was that of a dog was not altogether an anticlimax when he noted, with a degree of congratulation, the level of savagery that had dispatched the brutish-looking animal to the dark hereafter; the breed of the creature was scarcely recognizable, such was the mauling it had received.  Vince recalled lifting up the shaggy head, registering surprise at how heavy it was as a dead-weight, and then allowing it to drop back to the ground, the Alsatian’s neck shattered and unable to support itself.  He felt a warm, sticky dampness on his hands, and holding the palms close to his face could see that they were covered in still fresh blood.  A light had gone on at that moment in one of the nearby caravans and there had been the sound as if of a door about to be opened.  It was only then that Vince had realized the compromising position he was in: whoever - or whatever - had killed the dog he did not know, but if he was discovered in his current situation he would find it very difficult to prove that he was not responsible for the unfortunate creature’s demise.  His footprints were all around the body, clearly visible in the wet earth; he could not hope to remove them all, but he hurriedly tried to obscure any recognizable traces in the immediate vicinity of the dead dog.  Still no one had emerged from the caravan, but he was sure that it was only a matter of time.  Without a second look back, he had hurried away across the field, disappearing behind the private screen of the dark trees once again.  It had only been when he was safely back home, in the sanctuary of his bedroom, that he had thought to ring the journalist.  The walk back through the woods had given him plenty of time to think: Zoe, Graham and him had been talking about satanic rituals, and then what had he discovered?  A corpse, which to all intents and purposes appeared to be the bloody aftermath of just such a sacrificial rite.  Why not then use it to his own advantage?  Vince knew that he was not so dedicated to the black arts that he would ever have performed any such ritual himself, but he was perfectly happy to piggyback on the efforts of others.  All he needed was a little bit of media interest to fuel the idea: how could Zoe fail to be impressed?
Except his scheme had not run exactly to plan.  Firstly, the journalist had not played ball.  In hindsight, Vince might have known that would be the case - he had met the hack when his school had been featured in a newspaper story about the growing use of the internet in the classroom, and the article that had appeared had been unrecognizable compared to the reality that Vince knew to be true.  Perhaps he should have been more specific in his phone call?  It was always a mistake to lead a journalist so far and then allow him to draw his own conclusions.  He should have been more explicit in his statement that it was devil worship that was at hand, rather than purely to have described the macabre scene; it would have made a far superior story in any case.  Vince cursed himself.  Subtlety.  It had always been his problem: too subtle for his own good.  The additional problem that he had encountered was that one ‘occurrence’ was just not enough.  Yes, Zoe had been initially impressed when he had claimed to raise dark spirits capable of killing a large dog, but she had soon demanded more.  Women!  Once was just not good enough.  Vince had soon discovered that a regular performance was now required of him, and more than that, only an improving display was sufficient to sustain the young girl’s interest.  Maintaining a relationship: it was an exhausting business.  And so here he was again, in the woods at night with his stuffed badger, an heirloom purloined from the archaic rubbish that made up the greater number of possessions in his old house, ready to make some fresh tracks to show his gullible companions, in an attempt to continue fanning the fires of the existence of a supernatural beast conjured up at his request.  It all seemed a long way removed from the academic interest and integrity, which had initially got him interested in matters of the occult.  Then he had been searching, trying to find something spiritual to fill the void that organized religion had been unable to do.  Yes, it had been a rebellion, but it had been a genuine journey of discovery too.  To have now stooped so low as to be falsifying icons, it was as phony as the lip-service morality that he had found so unattractive in the major faiths.  Vince felt a sudden wave of self-loathing rise up inside him: he had sought earthly love, but at what expense?  In his quest for Zoe’s physical affection he had compromised his mainstay belief.  He was suddenly not so sure that the trade-off was worth it.
He had reached the point - close to the river, at the boundary where the park and the woods merge - where he had arranged to meet Graham and Zoe later that evening, and where he had intended to pre-plant the evidence to give veracity to the lie of the success of his latest satanic summons.  Vince now found though, that he could not go through with his plan; it was beneath him, it was laughable.  As if to give audible confirmation of his mental assessment, Vince was surprised to hear a distant sound of merriment; a solitary female voice; a peal of laughter and delight coming from somewhere among the dismal trees.  He halted and listened hard.  Occasionally before, he had chanced upon other people in the park after dark - illicit lovemaking couples and nocturnal dog-walkers mostly - but generally he regarded the night-time woods his own solitary domain.  The noise was repeated, floating to him on the wind like a siren’s call, luring him towards it irresistibly.  He let the stuffed badger drop to the ground as he advanced towards the sound, allowing himself greater freedom of movement, perhaps mentally preparing himself for flight should he be discovered.  The moon which had been obscured behind low cloud for most of the evening, showed itself for the first time, subtly illuminating the night-time woods with its ethereal glow.  Now that he was closer, the noise that he had taken for laughter appeared actually to be a singing voice; a simple, melodic tune of just one or two notes repeated, as though someone was practising a scale, or could not rid themselves of a particularly persistent earworm.  In the darkness, though, the song had a haunting quality that it would not have possessed otherwise; a purity that managed to make itself heard above the barrage of elemental forces.
The small clearing was not an area of the woods familiar to Vince, either that, or he did not recognize it by moonlight: not that his attention was attracted by the arboreal and herbaceous variation.  It was the dancing figure in the centre of the grassy expanse that held him captivated.  That it was Zoe he was in no doubt, although he had never seen her naked form before, except in one or two particularly vivid dreams, and even then his imagination had not done justice to the vision now before him.  She pranced and leapt uninhibited, like a frolicsome young mare, dancing to a soundless tune, only audible in her own mind.  The sounds that had initially drawn Vince towards the rite were her vocal accompaniment to the movements she made; a choreography both meaningless and beautiful at the same time.  Vince was conscious that he had not drawn a breath since he had arrived at the scene, partly not wishing to disturb the performance, partly not wanting to be discovered, although on the latter score he did not need to seriously trouble himself - it would have been inaccurate to describe Zoe as being ‘away with the fairies’ but there were certainly some parallels that could be drawn between her current state of preoccupation and the old adage.  
At a different time, in a different scenario, Vince would have been delighted to watch Zoe unobserved for as long as it was possible to do so, but tonight, in his current state of reflection, there was something so pure and truthful about Zoe’s performance that it only further served to illustrate to Vince what a long way he had strayed from his own ideals.  He did not know what tune she danced to or what particular belief filled her head, but he knew that she had discovered something meaningful for her, and so, like a superstitious savage scared of disturbing a scared site, he slunk quietly away.  There would be no more charades.  It was time to spend some serious time on his own to think.  Time: it was a luxury of youth, he knew, but still it was too precious to be wasted.

•••

Art could hear the telephone ringing from inside, as he turned the key in the front door of his house.
“Where have you been?  I’ve been trying to contact you for days.”
Art had abandoned Luke in his buggy in the porch, in order to reach the ‘phone in time before the caller rang off, but hearing Trevor’s aggrieved reprimands, he was annoyed with himself for his skewed priorities.  “Hang on,” he said to Trevor, “I’ll be with you in a minute.”  Art put down the receiver and returned to the front door, dragging the three-wheeled pram over the threshold.  His son was fast asleep, well wrapped up in a light blue blanket, snoring peacefully.  Rupa’s sister had done a good job of wearing him out.  He would be okay for a little longer; Art would transfer him to his cot after he had found out what Trevor wanted.
“Hi Trevor.  What’s up?” he said, jauntily into the receiver.
“It’s about your big cat.”
Art noted that the possessive pronoun had shifted from our to your.  It was not likely to be good news.  He assumed a tone of faux optimism, “Oh yes?”
“I’ve heard back from my pal who was analyzing the flesh samples I sent him.  You know, the ones I discovered on the golf course.”
“And?”  Art prompted.
“They’re rabbit.”
Art could not understand why Trevor sounded so despondent.  Rabbit was as likely as any other kind of prey that a genuine wild puma would be likely to catch in the locale.  “Sounds about right,” said Art.
“No, you don’t understand,” said Trevor, “Frozen rabbit.  I’m talking, pre-packaged, use-by, date-stamped, High Street supermarket, fresh from the cold compartment rabbit.”
“Oh.”
“Oh, too bloody right.  Where does this leave us?” asked Trevor.  “It’s all been a put up job.  A big hoax.  Someone having fun at our expense.”
“At your expense,” corrected Art.
“How do you mean?”
“Well, I don’t think I ever did get that mention in your article, did I?” said Art mischievously.  “There’s nothing to reveal that I was ever taken in by this practical joke.”
“No, but...”  Trevor blustered, “Hey, we were in it together, right?”
“If you say so,” agreed Art.
“I’ll have to publish an apology.  I’ll look an idiot,” Trevor whined.
Art was more practical, “I shouldn’t worry, mate.  I don’t think that anyone will be too worried.  You know how these things are: they blow over and are forgotten as quickly as they arise.  Sleep on it,” then in a moment of generosity, he added, “Take a tip from me, if you find yourself back in the woods first thing tomorrow morning, you’ll find a far bigger story than any wild cat to report upon.”
Trevor scoffed, “You must be joking.  I’ve had quite enough dawn walks to last me a lifetime.  It’s not true what they say that the early bird gets the worm, all he gets is cold, dew-coated feet.  I’ll tell you where I’ll be tomorrow morning: fast asleep under the covers in my bed, and if you have any sense you’ll...”
“Don’t tell me I’ll be doing the same.  Under the covers of your bed is one of the last places I want to find myself,” jested Art, good-humouredly, still feeling light-headed with the excitement of the events of the early evening.
Trevor, not entirely unperceptive, was surprised to hear Art’s jocular tone, “I thought you’d be disappointed by the news,” he said.  “Is there really something up?”  he asked, ever the journalist.
“If you go down to the woods...”  Art sang the words, leaving the rest of the lyrics unsaid.
Chapter Twenty-Five:  Monday

“M.P. Paul Tyler organised a conference on the subject of the Beast of Bodmin in August 1994.  The conference was attended by police, local landowners, M.P.s and representatives from the National Farmers Union and the Ministry of Agriculture, and as a result of the conference findings an official government investigation into A.B.C. sightings was launched.  The ultimate findings of the investigation were dismissed as being ‘spectacularly inconclusive’.”

In the way that the evening before had ended with a telephone call, so the next day began with another one.
Art was surprised to hear the voice of his wife at the other end of the phone line.  At first he did not recognize her: what was it about her voice that was so strange?  Was there a slight transatlantic twang in her accent, or was it the unsure, hesitant manner, that was so unlike the Amanda he knew?  In his temporary confusion, Art nearly answered “Who?” to the caller’s introductory “Hello Art, it’s Amanda” but he managed to compose himself sufficiently to reply instead, “Hello.  This is a surprise.”
“How are you?”
Art was feeling baffled: this did not sound like the words of the same woman who had requested that all further communication between them should henceforth be made via her solicitor.  Art answered cagily, announcing his words slowly and clearly, adopting the clinical tone of voice he normally associated with his doctor, “I’m fine.  How are you?  You sound like you’ve got a cold.”
“Really?  No, just slight catarrh, perhaps.  I’m fine.”  There was a pause, then, “Art?”
“This may sound a bit odd...”
“Yes?”
“If you receive a letter addressed from me in the next couple of days...”
“Yes?”
“I want you to tear it up.”
“Tear it up?”
“Yes, don’t open it.  Just tear it up, or better still, send it back to me.  Yes, that’s it, send it back.  I sent it to you by mistake.  It’s not meant for you.”
Art did not allow Amanda to continue her deceit.  “You mean the one telling me about you and Sheridan.”
There was silence, then, “Oh, it’s already arrived.”
“Several days ago.  The New York postal service is better than you realized.”
“Oh, Art, I’m sorry.  I’ve been a fool.  I don’t know what I was thinking when I wrote that.”  Art was silent so Amanda carried on, “I’ve been under stress.   You can’t imagine what it’s like over here.  It’s mad.  I think I went a bit crazy for a while.”
Finally Art asked, “So, it’s all over between you and Sheridan then?”
“It was never really on,” said Amanda, “I don’t know what I was thinking.  I was carried away with everything.  The lifestyle, the money.  You should see the houses here.  Unbelievable.  I think I just wanted a little taste of... I don’t know what?  How the other half live perhaps?  Do you understand what I’m talking about?”
Art considered his own past year: certainly there were times when he too had wished himself in another place, anywhere other than in the cycle of domestic routine that had become so familiar to him.  He too had dreams.  He could afford to show a degree of generosity in his comprehension of his wife’s position.  At the same time, though, he was not going to allow her to escape without some expression of conciliation, “You haven’t asked about Luke,” he said, mercilessly changing the subject.
“Luke.  Of course, I meant to.  I just wanted to... you know, explain first.  Luke, how is he?”
“He’s fine.”
“Is he walking now?”
“A few steps.”
“And much bigger?”
“Quite a bit.”
“And...”
Art interrupted her, cutting in swiftly, “So did you leave Sheridan, or did Sheridan leave you?”
“Um,” Amanda sounded hesitant, “He...”  She suddenly said, more decisively, as though having made up her mind to make a clean breast of everything, “He left me.  He got offered a new job.  Out of the country.”
“Rather ironic,” said Art.
“What?”  Amanda was slow to pick up on what her husband meant, “Oh yes, I see.  Yes.  Especially since he is going to London.”
“Who knows,” said Art bitterly, “Perhaps I’ll meet up with him for a few beers.”
“I don’t think that you would like him,” said Amanda.
“Oh?”  Art didn’t doubt the fact, but he was intrigued as to why Amanda would think the same.
“He’s...  Well, he’s not much like you.”
“He’s successful, you mean.”
“Yes.  No.  Well, that’s not what I mean.”  The conversation was not going the way that Amanda had intended.  “I’m sorry Art.  I’ve been stupid.  What else can I say?  Do you think...?  I mean, can we...?  What I want, Art, is to put all this behind us.  Can we go back to the way we were before?”
“What?  Always squabbling?”
“No.  How we used to be.  I’d like us to try again.  What do you think?”
Art was silent.  The phone call had caught him totally unprepared.  He thought back over some of the events of the past couple of weeks.  Amanda did not know about the big cat hunt; had not shared his dreams and expectations.  She did not know that he had been in hospital; that he had been knocked unconscious.  She did not know that he had met Rupa.  Art remembered the concerned, caring expression on the face of the young Indian woman; the first thing he had seen when he had woken in his hospital bed.  
The silence was broken by Amanda’s voice, “Art?  Art, are you still there?”
“Yes,”  Art quietly answered, “I’m still here.”

•••

Later, when the phone went again, Art expected it to be Amanda ringing back, instead it was a voice he did not recognize.
“Arthur Madison?  Is that Arthur Madison?”
There seemed little point denying the fact, particularly when the voice at the other end of the line was so decisive: Art was doubtful that a denial would have been accepted, “Yes, this is Art.  Who’s that?”
“My name is Waterhouse.  Gavin Waterhouse.  I think you know my son.”
The name, if not the very most uppermost in Art’s mind, was at least still hovering fairly high up there, “Robert.  Yes, of course.  How is he?”
“Not too bad, mainly thanks to you.  A few broken ribs but nothing too catastrophic.  Nothing that won’t heal with time.”
“Not too traumatized, I hope?”
“Traumatized!”  Gavin Waterhouse barked out the word like a parade ground sergeant.  Art suspected that anything other than verifiable physical injury was not something that was acknowledged by the formidable father.  “Traumatized,” he repeated, “Certainly not.”
The dramatic outburst was followed by a silence and so Art felt compelled to enquire, “Well, what can I do for you?”
“I think it is more what I can do for you.”
“Oh?”
“As I am sure you know, I announced in the press that I was prepared to offer a reward to anyone coming forward with information which led to the return of my son.”
In the excitement of the actual discovery of Robert and his exultation of at last being proved correct in his hunch about something, Art had forgotten all about the reward money.  It didn’t take him long to adjust to the idea though, “I do seem to recall reading something,” he said, cagily.
“Ten thousand pounds was the sum, I mentioned.”
“Oh yes,” said Art suspiciously, already anticipating the caller’s next sentence; expecting Waterhouse Senior to give a reason why the money was no longer on offer, or explain that because of some obscure technicality Art did not qualify for the reward.  He should not have been so distrustful.
“And I can think of no one better than yourself who deserves that amount.  From what Rob has told me, and from what the police have said, I doubt very much whether Rob would be alive today if you hadn’t come forward with your information.”
Art answered modestly, although also truthfully, “It was nothing really, just chance that I happened to be in the right place at the right time.”
“Nevertheless,” Gavin Waterhouse continued, “I am very grateful to you.”  He suddenly became very business-like, “Is a cheque okay?  I can give you cash if you prefer?”
“No, a cheque is fine.  I don’t know what to say,” Art mumbled.
“No need to say anything.  Let me know your address and I’ll have it in the post to you tonight.  I’m good for it, you don’t need to worry.”
“Oh, I didn’t doubt it for a minute,” said Art, embarrassed, adding, “I’m just pleased to have been able to help.  I have a son myself.  I can imagine what it must have been like for you.”
“Yes,” replied Gavin, thoughtfully, “I’m sure you can.  When Rob is fully recovered I am sure that he will want to thank you personally.  Would you mind if he called on you?”
“There’s really no need,” said Art, already mentally conjuring up a picture of the awkward encounter: the cajoled youth, having to display gratitude while wishing that he could be anywhere else, and Art himself embarrassed, feeling a fraud for being treated as a hero.  “I mean, unless he really wants to.”
“Of course he will want to.”  The drill sergeant resurfaced again.  “It’s the very least he can do.  I’ll ring to fix up a mutually convenient time.”
Art found himself saying thank you, although not really knowing what he was grateful for.
Unable to be entirely the disinterested philanthropist, Gavin Waterhouse could not resist asking, “So, what do you think you will do with the money?”
Art thought about the sum entering into his bank account.  Ten thousand pounds.  It would be a pleasant figure to see on his next statement.  He thought that he would probably quite enjoy just admiring it for a while: it would certainly make for better reading than the small negative overdraft figures which normally littered any correspondence he received from his bank.  “I don’t know,” he finally replied, “I think I’ll just save it for a rainy day.”  He looked outside of his window as he said his farewells and replaced the receiver on the phone.  He was glad that he was in his warm house and not in the woods: it was raining cats and dogs outside.
Chapter Twenty-Six:  Monday night

“The discovery of a leopard’s skull floating in the waters close to Goliath Falls in the River Fowey on 24th July 1994 was later discredited as a hoax when detailed analysis revealed that the skull had once been part of a leopard-skin rug.”

Tal didn’t know why he hadn’t done it sooner.  It was fantastic.  It was like a brave new world for him.  Perhaps the image wasn’t the best he had ever seen, but hey, it wasn’t bad either.  Yes, all things considered, buying a T.V. had been a very wise decision.  There hadn’t been a Channel 5 when he had last seen a set: he had no idea that there was so much porn on terrestrial.  What on earth had he been doing wasting so much time on the floozy from the barge opposite, when for the cost of the license fee he could get it piped directly into his own home?
Tal sat back in his most comfortable chair, flicking between the channels with the remote control, a contented smile on his face.
Chapter Twenty-Seven:  Tuesday

“Reports of an escaped lion in the Winchmore Hill area of north London in the spring of 1994 proved unfounded when, after an extensive search and analysis of a photograph of the supposed big cat, it was revealed that the picture was actually that of a large, friendly ginger tom cat, named Bilbo.”

“Cheers.”
“Cheers.”  Art and John chinked their pint glasses together.
“So what are you going to do with the money?”  John asked, after having taken a sip from the froth at the top of his beer.
“Trust you to ask about the cash first.”
“What else is there to care about?” said John, shrugging his shoulders, acting provocatively naive.
“I haven’t really thought about it.”  It was true: Art had not given the matter any serious consideration, this despite his benefactor’s earlier query as to how his bequest was to be spent.  “After all, it’s not as though it’s exactly a life-changing amount.  Now if it were a few millions, then I’d know what to do with it.  I wouldn’t be sitting here talking to you, for a start.  I’d have bought myself some decent mates by now,” Art joked, “But ten grand?  I’m not sure.”
“Want any suggestions?”
“No, not from you, I don’t.  I can guess what you’d say.  Anyway, I was going to ask you if... you know.”  Art felt embarrassed to bring up the subject of his friend’s own financial problems, even though he was now in a modest position to try to help him.
“What?”
“I just wondered if you wanted to borrow anything yourself?  If I can help you out at all you only have to...”
John laughed, “You’re joking.  The day I need to borrow money from you, I’ll know I’m in really desperate straits.  Don’t forget, you’re talking to the original Mr. Money.  Seriously, I’m okay.  All I need to do is to halve Jessica’s shoe budget for a couple of months and I’ll be straight again.  Don’t worry.”
“Really?”
“Really.”
The pub was beginning to fill up.  A noisy crowd of what appeared to be foreign language students suddenly poured into the cramped confines of The Swan, and settled around one table close to Art and John, pulling up additional chairs to accommodate their number, chattering away collectively in recently acquired English.
“Good job we got in here early,” said Art, “We’ve beaten the lunchtime drinkers.”
“So what are you if not a lunchtime drinker?” asked John.
“Another good question,” said Art.  “Do you still count as a lunchtime drinker when you only work a couple of days each week?”
John scratched his chin, pretending to give the matter deep thought, “Philosophical question.  After all, what do you mean when you say ‘work’.  If, as I presume from your current state of inquiry, you are referring to your paid employment, if you are talking about the term used to describe a state of purposeful activity that most usually results in an end product, a laboured effort towards a worthwhile goal...” John looked up to see that Art was nodding in agreement, “well then, it couldn’t truthfully be said that you have actually been engaged in ‘work’ for some considerable number of years now, so I don’t really see how a reduction in your ‘working’...” John made the symbol of inverted commas with his fingers, illustrating his loose use of the particular word, “hours, particularly affects your status as a lunchtime drinker.”
Art tilted his glass towards John, “Fair point, well made.”  It was good to know that some things remained forever constant: regardless of whether he was out-of-work or had achieved something ultimately successful, he could rely on John to bring him back to earth.
“So there was no big cat then?” asked John, after taking another mouthful from his glass.
“Doesn’t look like it,” confirmed Art, “Although the Alsatian is still something of a puzzle.  The police don’t seem to know what did for it.  I guess we’ll never know for sure.”
“But you’ve given up looking?”
“Yes.  You were right before, when you said it’s not really cryptozoology.  Out-of-place animals are not what the discipline is all about.  I’d like to get involved with something a bit more worthwhile.”
“Any prospect?”
“I don’t know.  You never know what might turn up.”
One of the students at the neighbouring table had just arrived with a large round of drinks, carrying them carefully back from the bar on a wooden tray.  There was the chink of glasses and animated voices as drinks were allocated to their rightful owners, and then a happy “Cheers” from the whole group in a variety of accents and pronunciations, as the smiling party celebrated their own personal triumphs.  John turned back from looking at the students to ask Art, “And so how do things stand with your mystery woman?  Sounds as though the two of you are getting pretty close if she helped you out at the hospital the way you described.”
Art looked more serious as he replied, “I think I’ve blown things there.”
“How so?”
“You know I told you that I heard from Amanda the other night.”
John made a sign of the cross with fingers from each hand, holding the digits out in front of him as though warding off a vampire or an evil spirit.
“She’s not that bad,” defended Art.
John suddenly looked shocked as realization struck him, “You don’t mean to tell me that you are thinking of getting back together with her?”  He carried on, seeing the look of confirmation in Art’s face, “You must be mad.  After all she’s done.  You should...”
Art interrupted him.  It had been a difficult enough decision for him to give Amanda a second chance, he did not want to have it undermined now by hearing his friend’s negative assessment.  “I know, I know.  It might not work out.  But I think we owe it to each other to give it a try.  More than that, we owe it to Luke.  He needs a mother.”
“Some mother she’s proved to be,” said John angrily.  “So, is she coming back from America.”
“No, not yet.”  Art held up his hands defensively, seeing John’s astounded expression, “I know.  I’m probably being stupid.  But I think it’s for the best.  She can earn far more money out there than either of us can hope to do here.  We’ll just have to see how it goes.”
“But what about... what was her name?  Rupa?”
“That’s right.  I called her last night and told her that I was getting back together with Amanda.”
“I bet she was pleased,” said John, sarcastically.
“She wasn’t too happy, I must admit,” said Art.  “I said that I hoped that we could still be friends.  I really like her, you know.  If circumstances were different...” his voice trailed off.
“I know,” said John, “So what did she say?”
“She said that she couldn’t be used like a cat flap.”
“A what?”
“It’s sort of a private joke.  What she meant was that she wasn’t prepared for me to keeping coming and going in her life.  I think that’s it.  It’s over.”
John drained his glass.  “Well, you know what I think,” he said, eventually.
“That I’m being an idiot?”
“Too right.  You sacrifice yourself all the time.  You’ve got to learn to do a few fun things for you, rather than just try to make other people happy.  I think Rupa would have been good for you.”
“Yes, so do I, but...”
John was aware that he had been talking too seriously about a topic usually discussed between males only in joking terms.  To disguise his discomfort, he butted in, “Besides, what am I going to do now for salacious news.  You going back to your wife is hardly wild excitement.  Can’t you even consider just having this other one as a bit on the side?”
Art gave his friend a look of mock resignation, as if to say “Don’t even think it”.
“Come on,” John coaxed, “Do it for me.”  At the same instant though his gaze was diverted by one of the young, female language students rising to her feet and attempting to get to the bar by squeezing through the narrow space between an occupied chair and John and Art’s table.  “Allow me,” said John, pulling the table towards him to increase the gap for her to pass through.  The young student smiled broadly at John and in a heavily accented voice thanked him.  Art watched his friend as his eyes closely followed her progress across the room.  He knew that the subject of Amanda and Rupa was now closed; by the time John’s attention returned to him, he would have forgotten all about it.  Art was not so sure that he would be able to move on quite so swiftly himself.
Chapter Twenty-Eight: Tuesday night

“London Zoo rescued a roaming European lynx from a Golders Green garden on Friday 4th May 2001 following a call from a member of the public to Barnet Borough Police reporting that they had seen a leopard sitting on the wall of their back garden.”  (London Zoo Press Release, 8th May 2001)

“The most wonderful things have happened and are continually happening to us.”  Art glanced across to where his son lay in his cot.  The small boy had closed his eyes and appeared to be asleep, his noisy breathing sounding regular and peaceful.  Art lay down the book he had been reading aloud from and said half to his son, half to himself, “I think that’s enough for one night.  I’ll finish that chapter tomorrow.”
The title of the book that Art now replaced on the shelf, squeezing it in between works by Heuvelmans and by Shuker, by Coleman and by Izzard, was The Lost World - not the recent Michael Crichton novel, but the classic original story, written by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle.  He had read the book countless times before, originally when just a young boy, but it still never failed to transport him back to a time when the world was not so known, and when adventure and discovery were the ambition of every school boy.  It had been one of the earliest influences that had got him interested in cryptozoology, not that he was aware of the term or the subject at the time: that and the T.V. series presented by Arthur C. Clarke on his Mysterious World.  Perhaps not quite the very earliest influence though: Art gazed down upon his infant son, and remembered himself, at an age not that much older than Luke was now, sitting alone at nursery school, unwilling to join in the ‘silly’ games that the other children were playing, instead sitting on the floor, his back firmly planted against the wall of his daytime prison, turning the pages and wondering at the illustrations of Maurice Sendak’s Where the Wild Things Are - if ever there was a book to stimulate young minds about the boundless possibilities of our world, there was one.  How often had he dreamed of emulating the experiences of young explorer Max, of voyaging off to discover truly new lands; new creatures.  It had been a boyhood dream, when others had fantasized about driving steam trains or being renowned football players or setting foot upon the moon.  Now the infant steam train drivers are accountants and the budding football players are insurance salesmen and the hopeful astronauts are financial consultants, and Art?  He still had his boyhood dream.  And that couldn’t be such a bad thing.  In this age of high speed travel, when the internationalism of modern media fools the western world into believing that we are all the same, by bringing directly into our comfortable homes the lifestyles of the - less fortunate? - world, it is reassuring to believe that there are still some corners of our globe that remain inaccessible to man and that some mysteries may remain forever hidden, because, although humanity may continually  develop the technology to conquer ever more formidable locations, we will never lose the blind, instinctive faith that there is always something more out there; something forever out of reach, be it the aspiration of mowing our own front lawn as closely as our neighbour manages, anticipating proof that our belief in a superior God will one day be vindicated, or hoping, just hoping that we will be the person that brings back evidence that some small creature, previously thought to be long extinct and vanquished from every corner of this planet of ours, actually thrives in a remote place, undisturbed by man’s insistent scrutiny.  Knowledge: our goal and our curse; the legacy we leave our future generations.

•••

Luke was trying to fall asleep in his cot.  He had heard the story ‘dada’ had been reading to him several times before and he no more understood it this time around than he had done the first time he had heard it.  It was only boredom that made him close his eyes now; a wishful hope that if he bluffed slumber this person would leave him in peace and cease his endless droning.  He had decided that he was already old enough to draw his own conclusion about the nature of life: you sleep, eat, shit and then you sleep again.  The rest is silence.

•••

Close to the canal bridge, beneath the tall tree with the large ball of mistletoe growing in the top branches, all was quiet.  There were no lovers’ trysts planned for this evening, nor any prearranged ambushes or acts of violence.  It was as though all the humans had been told to vacate the premises, allowing nature its free reign and its moment of peace and reflection.
In the uppermost boughs of the tree, where the wood spindled away to the thinnest twigs, there the light breeze was still powerful enough to stir the structure, not allowing it a totally undisturbed rest; the wind, insistent like a toddler pulling on the arm of its mother, desperate to attract her attention, revealed its constant, invisible presence by its action on the objects around it, a catalyst against which everything else was powerless: the rustle of leaves in the trees, the ripples on the surface of the river.  The high branches were silhouetted against the clear, night sky, illuminated by the weak light of a million distant stars.  Below, in the tangle of the nether boughs, and lower still, close to the ground, where the straight trunk disappeared and merged with the surrounding vegetation, no light penetrated, or at least only the narrowest ray, a faint beam barely strong enough to reflect back from the vivid yellow iris and narrow, black, slitted pupil that shone out clear, like a brilliant gemstone in the darkness.  The eye blinked once in surprise and then was gone.
As if it had never been there at all.
Epilogue

Harold David Sherry.  1918-1961.  R.I.P.
It was a simple inscription, relating the barest facts of a life, revealing no details of a premature death.  He’d read the words a thousand times before and yet he could still not attribute any other significance to that second date other than the date that his own life had been halted.  As far as he was concerned the fading words on his father’s monument might equally have added to them: David William Sherry.  1950-1961.  R.I.P.  There had been nothing worthy of note to update his own personal biography since then.  Now, if he was to die today, he would not even receive an epitaph with his own name upon it; his own dates; his own history.  If he had done nothing else for him, his brother had at least honoured his promise to obtain a new passport for him; new papers: he has - had, it should more correctly be said - connections.  It was the very least he could do for him.  He had been owed.  Big time.  It was time that he was free.  And his brother too - free from obligation.  He had done him a favour.  Fraternal duty had been satisfied on both sides.
Which left just one last thing to set free.  Any mourner or passer-by that afternoon in the cemetery, might have been surprised to notice a large, middle-aged, shaven-headed man standing beside one of the gravestones, suddenly reach inside his capacious overcoat and produce from inside a small, black-and-white kitten, which he then set down upon the broken stone slabs, and with shooing gestures with his hands, indicated for the cat to make itself scarce.  The little animal took two uncertain steps away from its human protector, before turning its head and staring back at the man that had provided it with food and warmth for the past week.  It opened its mouth as if to miaow a protest at this sudden abandonment, but then thinking better of it, turned again, and with three quick bounds disappeared behind another headstone and was soon swallowed up in the anonymity of the long grass, without so much as a second look back.
