Lordes Crossing
By
Stan Grimes

Smashwords Edition

* * * * *
Published by:
Stan Grimes on Smashwords

Lordes Crossing
Poetry and Writings
Copyright © 2011 by Stan Grimes

Smashwords Edition License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each person you share it with. If you're reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then you should return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the author's work.
Table of Contents
Introduction
Story
Epilogue

Introduction

The river poured itself into another as I sat on my raggedy porch chair and watched the sun creep its way into shadows.  This is my third porch chair in as many years.  I call it a porch, but really it’s just a salvaged piece of 5/8 inch plywood settling itself below the back door of my trailer, just another jewel embedded in the riverbank. My back porch floated to my little cove about two months ago and the natural law of river residents is finders’ keepers.

My trailer is one of those Holly Hill models from 1949. The tires are flat and I don’t recall when they weren’t flat. Char and I live in the second trailer of three.  When I look out my window I see a Holly Hill wagon train obtusely placed just off the flood zone of the Wabash River.  My neighbors are mirrors of me, James Wilter on the east and Bunky Hall on the west.  I’ve known Bunky since high school and James I don’t know at all.  I say I don’t know him, but I do.  I just haven’t known him for very long, maybe two years.  Two years on the river is only a pause.

Char sniffs at the heavy river air, perks his ears, and curls deeper within his folds of fur.  He is a contortionist like most cats.  His predecessor, Greaser, used to sleep upside down on a nearby tree stump, rotted now, with one eye on the local squirrels and one eye closed, engaged in some sort of cat dream.  Bunky has an old black Labrador, Earl.  Has to be fourteen-years-old, that dog.  James says he “ain’t got no use for a shitting mutt.”  I say James ain’t n got use for anything except the Jerry Springer Show.  Bunky swears James gets off on watchin’ those crazy women slug each other in the boobs.  Me, I just think James likes a good fight of any kind.

Like most folks, you probably want to know my story. Thing is, it’s not a crock of shit.  It’s the godawful truth and it all began forty-seven years ago when my wife Ruthie gave birth to our son Christian.  Ironic that his name was Christian, because what I’m about to tell you has nothing Christian in it.  It scares me to tell it and after you hear it you’ll be scared too.

You’ll wish you never heard any of this.  You’ll pull the covers of your bed over your head and stay away from the night air.  You’ll hide from the horror of reality, from the horror, cat-like and creeping up your spine.  I think Char knows such horror and I’m sure Greaser knew it too, he was there.  He saw the blood and felt the vibration only death can leave surging through your body after you’ve seen it, after you’ve smelled it.

Chapter One

The snow draped itself around the garage, making a horseshoe shape between the fences of our backyard.  There is something bleak about February, something bleak like a Stephen King Shining or maybe a Koontz, IceBound.  I stared at the round thermometer hanging outside on a post in front of the kitchen window, one of those thermometers with pictures of wild birds on it (I hadn’t seen a bird all day). It read minus seven degrees Fahrenheit.  It was going to be a long weekend.
Writing was becoming increasingly more difficult for me.  Writer’s block?  Maybe.  How many different twists could you put to a wildlife article?  I suppose many, but I couldn’t think of any.  Because writing was getting tough, living became even tougher. Ruthie was working down the street at a convenience store called The Street Cupboard.  In her seventh month of pregnancy, Ruthie’s paychecks were numbered. Things were not good.  It was becoming tough to look at Ruthie and her bulging stomach without feeling a whole shitload of guilt.  She didn’t seem to mind working, constantly reassuring me that we would survive.  Ruthie would see to it.  She was a survivor.  Her fragile appearance was deceptive.

It was late afternoon and the spiritless sun seemed to be dropping from the sky and with it the temperatures dropped, minus eight degrees.  The wind was slowing down and I could once again see the garage door, still no Ruthie.  She usually was home by four fifteen on Saturdays.  The train-whistle clock I ordered from a novelty catalogue was whistling up a storm at five p.m.  It’s not unusual for Ruthie to be late, especially on Saturdays.  Sometimes the evening person, Staci, got herself coked up just a little too much and would come in late and higher than a kite in April.  I shivered.  I heard the back door creak.

She didn’t look good.  Ruthie was like a ghost with skin.  She told me it was time to go to the hospital.  “But” I croaked.  She told me there was no “But” about it.  I grabbed her overnight case in the cloak room off the entrance.  She was heading out to the garage before I could get to the door.  She was staggering.  I scrambled by her side and grabbed her arm and steadied her to the car.  Little did I know that night, little did I know.

Christian was born soon after we arrived at the hospital.  He weighed 5 pounds, 12 ounces.  Doctor Janoski (“Janny” by everyone) said that given the fact the baby was born almost two months early, he was doing fine.  Christian would need assisted breathing for awhile, but all in all, everything was going to be fine.

Everything, that is except for the rest of my life.  You may think I’m cruel when I say this, but I sorely wish Christian Massey was never born.  I wish to the Almighty I never laid eyes on him.  But, I did.  Right there in the hospital on a heartless February night, a night when the world seemed dead-cold, I believe death was born.  Something in Ruthie died when giving life to that devil.  When he was yanked from her womb Ruthie’s soul was yanked right with him.

The doctor ordered Christian to the incubator and Ruthie was wheeled into her room.  At the moment, I was excited.  I didn’t know.  I followed like the subservient child as Ruthie was lifted into her bed, rails up, nurse’s button placed in her hand.  I touched her hand.  It was cold and stiff, like death, like the frozen wind whipping through the tree-formed alcoves surrounding the hospital.  Ruthie stared at the ceiling with tears in their beginning stages.  I touched her again, but she never touched back.  She never touched back since that bleak night in February.

Raising her voice, she said, “Tal, don’t ever touch me again.”  I flinched like she had thrown a knife at me.  I wish she had thrown a knife at me.  I could have ducked and ran to her and held her, but words are hard to dodge.  

“You got me pregnant!”  “You made me give birth to a monster!”  Ruthie was screaming, nurses were running, and I was frozen in shock.  My mouth hung as I was being ushered from the room by a strong person in white.  It might have been a man or a woman, I don’t know.  I just know that I heard Ruthie screaming words that I never heard uttered from her mouth before.  I heard them down the hall and in the elevator. “Bastard!”  “Beastmaker!”  “You cocksucker, don’t ever come here again!”  “Leave me to raise this...this...”  Her words faded as I found myself in a deserted lobby, a big hand was still clamping, vise-like, on my arm.  It was still the person in white.  It was a man.  He was wearing a name-tag I couldn’t read.

The big man in white said something that came out as a mutter.  I wasn’t hearing.  I wasn’t thinking.  I was only breathing.  I walked with what seemed like vertigo steps through the double doors into the frozen night.  I needed to puke.

Chapter Two

Two in the morning is an uneventful time in Lordes Crossing, Indiana.  The rambling lighted time and temperature sign on the First Farmers National Bank emptily displayed “-12 degrees at 2:07 a.m.”  The empty streets were disguised with snow, but I knew the way home, I’ve always known the way home.  Tonight was no different.  Except, of course, my wife just called me names I don’t recall ever leaving her lips and the hospital bouncer bounced me right the hell out of Dodge.  My firstborn, Christian (named after my Uncle Christian) was born prematurely and was lying in state in an incubator.  Just a typical night in the life of Tal, “leave it to the Beaver,” Massey.

Why I never bought an electric garage door opener, I haven’t a clue.  Tonight’s arctic temperament reaffirms the fact I should’ve.  Keeping the engine running and the car door open I hurriedly ran to the garage door and began pulling.  The door was frozen and I was having no luck launching it away from the concrete entrance way.  Suddenly, my car stopped running, startling me.  My car never stopped running.  It was only six months old and ran without error every day.  The tank was nearly full.  I filled it up two days ago and, believe me, there isn’t enough land to cover in the metropolis of Lordes Crossing to use up a tank of gas in two days.

I stood there staring at my car in the middle of the night wondering what to do next. I didn’t notice the cold nor did I notice right away the frigid night had become preternaturally silent, except for the quiet shuffling of steps.  Steps?  Who would be out on a night like this?  Uneasiness began to squeeze at my chest. The steps came closer, but I saw nothing.  I saw only the orange hue radiating from the street lamps overhead.  We were fortunate to have an alley with good lightening, most in Lordes Crossing are not. I squinted.  The steps stopped suddenly.  I heard only the distant howling of a lonesome animal. The light wind reached me with its frigid tentacles.  I shivered and suddenly felt the urge to use the bathroom.  I heard nothing.  Whoever, whatever, walking, or, dragging towards me stopped, stopped and watched me.  I stood still, waiting.  I waited for whatever it was to make a move.  It never moved.  I could wait no longer.

I stiffly walked over to my car and got in.  I closed the door, tried the ignition, but nothing happened.  I tried the radio, nothing.  What a night for the car to stop, .  Whatever was out there was still watching me.  I could feel it. All at once I heard my doors lock. My heart raced.  I felt it.  I heard it.  That’s all I could hear.  I felt nothing else, not even the freezing grip of the night which surely would gnaw deeply into my skin before too long.  Below zero temperatures have a way of killing you before you know it.  I began to panic even more.  I knew that sitting in a metal container with the door closed in 10+ degrees below zero temperature would soon bring only misfortune.  I pulled the door lever, nothing.  I pushed on the door violently, nothing.  I tried the window and the knob would not budge.  I had become a prisoner in a deepfreeze on wheels.  My anxiety quickened.  I tried the passenger side door and window with the same results.  I began kicking at the door and screaming.  No one would hear me.  My premonition of tomorrow’s headlines was not good increasing my trepidation.  

Just when I was about to attempt to kick out the windshield of the car, everything came back to life and the ignition warning bell sounded its warning.  My hands and feet were numb, dangerously so.  I withdrew the ignition key and swiftly got the hell out of the car.  The car can sit right where it’s at.  I’ll worry about starting it later.  My endorphins were in remission and I needed sleep.  I looked at my watch under the street light next to our garage, 2:45 a.m.  This strange event lasted no more than fifteen minutes, but I felt I had been exposed to the cold for much longer.  I ran rigidly to the back door of the house, fumbling with keys.  The house was warm and welcoming.  What a night.  I would think about the steps, the locks on the car, and my fear of it all, tomorrow.

The house was quiet, no Ruthie, no baby, just me and the tightness in my stomach.  I went to the refrigerator and pulled out a beer.  The morning newspaper was still on the kitchen table.  I sat down at the table and tried to read it.  I couldn’t concentrate.  Those strange events I just experienced spun like a tornado in my head.  I needed to soak in a hot bath and wash away the tenseness that gripped at every muscle I possessed.

I climbed the carpeted stairs to our bedroom, adjacent to our newborn’s room.  Ruthie always referred to it as Christian’s room, even before the sonogram showed clearly a boy’s equipment had developed.  The door to Christian’s room stood open.  The room was dark.  I was drawn to the dark, gaping threshold not knowing why.  Sure, Tal, a newborn’s room is a scary place.  I mean, hell, every parent on earth probably pisses themselves when they walk toward their infant’s room, especially when the room is empty.  Nevertheless, I was drawn.  I can’t ignore that fact.  I walked silently and I walked with an unaccountable terror swelling in my chest.

I crossed the hallway and into the mouth of hell.  What I saw, what I felt, are cauterized in the deepest creases of my mind.  I will never forget them.

Christian’s room was freezing.  In fact, it appeared that ice had formed on every piece of furniture and on the walls.  I could feel my lungs stinging sharply from the sudden intake of arctic air.  Frosty fear gripped my hands and feet.  I could not move.  I was stranded in some kind of surreal coma.  I tried to turn around, to get the hell out of there.  My body wouldn’t cooperate.  So, there I stood staring at something my mind hadn’t fully comprehended.  The crib was not empty.

 Moonlight cast a muted glow into the room.  My eyes adjusted to the darkness unwillingly, unwilling to see this nightmare.  The crib stood parallel to the single window in Christian’s room.  My fear heightened when I saw it.  My breath audibly caught in my throat.  Horror had somehow thrust itself into my life, into my home.  Someone or something was in Christian’s crib.  There was a clawing sound against the side rails or maybe it was on the headboard, I couldn’t tell.  There was a moan, almost a gurgle, almost a death rattle.  I strained to see, but could not.  Suddenly the room warmed and the overhead light that I had tried earlier to turn on, came on.  I stared horrified and astonished at an empty crib.

I moved prudently toward the crib looking for I-don’t-know-what.  I found nothing.  I looked under the small bed, found nothing.  I glanced at the side rails and saw no marks.  There were no marks on the headboard.  Was I dreaming?  Am I really asleep and this is all a segment of some strange dream?  As I turned from the crib I saw something out of the corner of my eye, something that should not have been…something terrible.  No, no this definitely is no dream.  There on the edge of the blanket was a piece of what looked like a fingernail.  Closer examination revealed something much more terrifying than a fingernail.  I mean, after all, a fingernail could be explained, but this was unexplainable.  A piece of a claw with a hint of blood attached to it lay there as if in testimony to a gruesome illusion that, in fact, was no illusion at all.

I picked it up.  A dog?  A cat?  I somehow knew that neither of these guesses was right.  I somehow knew that this thing I held in my hand had origins much more grisly than domesticated puppies and kittens.  The thing that I felt, yes felt, was not nice.  In fact, I would say that niceness was not in this thing’s lifestyle.  Nothing nice would cause a room to freeze.  And, nothing nice would writhe and moan (gurgle) in an empty infant’s crib.  Nothing nice would leave a room so quickly.  What about the sudden warmth and the lights going on suddenly?  All were questions with no apparent answers.

Common sense told me I should have kept that claw.  I couldn’t.  It terrified me.  Looking at it would only remind me that our home was invaded by something very ugly, something very dangerous.  I flushed it down the toilet.  As it was swirling with the toilet water I could almost swear I heard a cry, a cry I imagined that a creature might make when it’s hopelessly caught in a steel trap.  But, some mechanism in my mind kept reminding me about the room temperature, the lights, and the sudden disappearance.  My mind kept telling me this was not an animal to be caught with a steel trap.  There was something much, much more to this.  This being, perhaps was the steel trap.

No matter how exhausted and worn I had become, sleep would not be an option tonight.  I stayed upstairs.  Going downstairs might be an invitation to my new found hideous friend to return for a repeat performance, a performance my nerves could ill afford this night.  I went to the closet of the master bedroom.  I took Ruthie’s dressing chair with me.  I set the chair below the slide away attic opening and stood awkwardly on the chair and could just barely slide the trapdoor open.  I stood on my toes and reached for my old 12 gauge Mossberg single shot shotgun and a half empty box of shells.  I removed the gun from its nylon encasement.  Surprisingly, the gun was in pretty good shape.  I had oiled it before I hid it about 3 years ago.  I loaded it, clicked the safety on, and leaned it by the side of the nightstand.

I removed my shoes, by habit, and pulled my shirt over my head.  I tucked a large pillow behind my head so that I was propped from the neck up so I could view our open doorway.  I fully expected company, but none came.  And, no matter how frightened I was and no matter how greatly I wanted to watch for our intruder, sleep found me.

Chapter Three

The phone startled me.  Daylight had arrived and the digital clock displayed 9:03 a.m.  It was Ruthie.  “Tal, I’ve got bad news.”  I straightened and braced myself for more horror.
“Tal, Doctor Janny tells me I’m going to have to stay in the hospital a few more days.”

I breathed a sigh of relief.  “Why, Ruthie?”

“He says I lost more blood than normal .”

“Ruthie...”

“Don’t say anything, Tal.”  “Christian is going to be in the incubator for several days.  He doesn’t look good, Tal. I fear for him.”

“About last night...”

“Please don’t say anything.  I’m so confused right now.  I think it’s that postpartum stuff.  I don’t know.”

“What time can I come to see you?”

“Don’t.”

“What...don’t?”

“I just can’t see you for awhile, Tal. I’m too angry.”

“But, what did I do?”

“I don’t want to talk about it now. I mean... I can’t talk about it now. I have...we have crossed. Listen, I’ve got to go now.”

The phone went dead.  I went dead.  Simon and Garfunkel sang, a man hears what he wants to hear and disregards the rest... I’ve been hearing what I want to hear all of these years.  Maybe I’ve disregarded too much.  Maybe Ruthie and I have disregarded too much.  I stared at the phone wishing it would never ring again, maybe it wouldn’t.

I decided a long, hot shower was necessary.  A quick shave and breakfast sounded like a damn good idea.  A case of beer sounded good too, but I opted for the shower, shave, and food. My head did not need to be clouded.  If ever I needed to think clearly, now was the time.  I dressed in jeans and an I.U. tee shirt after the shower.  I felt rejuvenated.  I scrambled some eggs and fried some sausage links and waited for my toast to darken to complete my breakfast menu.  Only a cup of black coffee would make it a total success.

I sat with a cup of steaming coffee, blankly staring out the kitchen window when a thought came to me.  Were the two events connected, the car incident in front of the garage and the claw-bearing intruder?  The thought made me shudder.  My coffee became instantly foul tasting and breakfast was yearning to leave my stomach through the wrong canal.  What has happened?  What is happening?  What lies ahead?  I needed to go to my computer and write.  I needed to create a logic-list.  My thoughts followed me to the den.  My glowing computer screen had taken me away from many realities, but today I would try very hard to understand the reality of last night.  There had to be some kind of logic to all of this.  There had to be clouds creating this rain.  The day became motionless, no winter storm, no baby, no wife.  There were only the computer, the keyboard, and a thousand unanswered questions.

Question number one.  What happened to Ruthie?  Was it simply postpartum “stuff” as Ruthie called it?  Logic says “no”.  Postpartum depression usually is a delayed phenomenon.  Plus, when she had her gallbladder removed 4 years ago, Ruthie suffered no post traumatic problems.  If she was going to call me names it would have happened during the birthing process.  At least, that’s what every one of Ruthie’s girlfriends who gave birth had said.  Tammy Lee had said gleefully, “I called my old man a son-of-a-bitch and meant every word of it. After Linc was born we just loved the shit out of each other.”  Ruthie definitely had not loved the shit out of me.  I think she kicked the shit out of me.  So, what had happened to create this sudden dichotomy?

Question number two. What about the car incident?  What the hell was that?  It’s explainable, a mechanical malfunction.  The car simply stopped running for cryin’ out loud.  No big deal.  It was probably 10 plus degrees below the big 0.  It happens all the time.  I got in the car and the locks froze up.  When I started moving around and hammering at the doors it simply knocked something loose, that’s all.  I’ll have to take the car down to Jerry’s Auto and have him laugh at me for buying another one of those “used lemons.”  But, why wasn’t I convinced?

Third question, what or who was walking the alley?  What did they want and why were they watching me.  Question remains unanswered.  I couldn’t explain it.

Could the incident in Christian’s room be explained?  Maybe.  I guess with a stretch of the imagination it could have been some kind of hallucination.  I have read that when a person experiences overwhelming stress their minds can create all kinds of illusions.  Maybe it was some kind of post traumatic thing, like guys who had come back from the war experience.  I had an uncle who had lost his legs in a car accident.  He said he could still feel his toes itch.  Joe Langly, my old drinking buddy from the newspaper office said that he had come home from an all night binge of drinking and had fallen into his bed when he got home.  Just as he was about to drift off he heard a voice calling his name.  Joe lived alone.  When I chided him about it he pleaded, “But Tal, I heard it.  I did hear it.  It was as clear as me and you sittin’ right here and talkin.  I swear.”

It was another subzero day and the day was curling itself into and evening basket.  The sun was heading out of town and I emptily realized that I had been sitting at my desk for more than 4 hours.  I looked up at the computer screen.  It was empty.  I had typed nothing.  I was hungry.  For some strange reason I was dreading the night that lie before me.  Dreading it like death.

Chapter Four

Mishok stared into the blackness.  He grinned the deformed grin of a creature’s whose prey was trapped.  He grinned because he knew the time was near.  His Master would be proud of him.  He grinned even more.  Mishok’s gnarled appendages made a squashing sound  like a head exploding, like a melon dropped from a two-story building, as he made his way into the empty halls of the deserted warehouse.

Yes, Mishok was very happy, if evil can be happy.  He laughed out loud.  It was a laugh of an animal.  Yes, the laugh of an animal, a Jackal, perhaps a requiem of death.  Mishok closed his eyes.  He had had a busy day, a very busy day and how did that stupid human poem go...”miles to go before I sleep?”  Mishok laughed again.  Only this time it was much more horrible.  It was the laugh of a million Mishoks.  The laugh of a million legends and legions, for Mishok was indeed a legend that was about to come true.

Mishok gathered himself like a squid would gather itself together and moved toward a darkened room near the huge storage area.  He moved.  Mishok did not walk.  Walking was for creatures, including humans.  He was neither.  

Within this darkened room was a laboratory, of sorts.  There were flasks of muted colored liquid.  There were funnels and burners and strange looking tools, tools not unlike those used by a doctor.  Mishok lumbered to the lab table and attached what appeared to be hypodermic needle to his appendage.  Yes, attached.  Mishok had very strange appendages, comparable to the trunk of an elephant.  He filled the syringe half full of a muted orange liquid pulling a brackish brown looking elixir with the plunger (with a great deal of effort) into the gleaming syringe.  

The syringe’s gleam was no match for the gleam in Mishok’s jaundiced eyes.  His mood changed abruptly.  He emitted a rattling groan from his throat.  He cocked his abscessed head as if he sensed a sound, as if he sensed fear.  Mishok knew fear.  He feared only his Maker and nothing else.  He relaxed and once again seemed strangely thrilled with his task at hand.  Mishok laughed again.  The night was his and his new-found infant protege.  He could not choke another hideous giggle, shouting, “And they called him Christian.”  His laughter became hysterical, just as the night had become.

He gathered up the syringe and crept silently into the night.  Mishok had a job to do, a gruesome job to do on this clear, frigid night.

Chapter Five

The days and nights passed uneventfully since my paranormal breakthrough, or maybe it was a psychotic breakthrough.  Hard to say really, I tried without success to talk to Ruthie at the hospital.  I even called Doctor Janny at his home.  The spindly, arrogant bastard told me that if he had his way he would’ve had me arrested the night the big guy in white escorted me to the hospital lobby.  He told me if I went to the hospital I would place Ruthie’s mental health in jeopardy.  

What the hell had Ruthie told him to elicit such hostility?  I mean, hell, Dr. Janny and I always had a good relationship.  Was I not the one being screamed at and called a variety of names?  Just who in the hell was the object of abuse and just whose mental health was in jeopardy? His description of her condition was “emotionally fragile.” I pushed him for elaboration he wouldn’t budge.  What the hell had I done to deserve such disdain?  He did, reluctantly, tell me that Ruthie and Christian would be discharged in three days, barring complications.  The metallic sound of the dial tone followed.

Complications?  Was I not the husband and father?  Did I not deserve some knowledge of possible complications?  I was victim of a wife-gone-berserk and the strong hold of a big guy in white.  So what was next?  I went to the kitchen and put on a pot of coffee.  The sun had made its way through the gray winter sky.  Temperatures had risen to the early teens.  I skimmed through the paper, nothing outstanding.  The local sheriff’s department found some kind of drug laboratory at the old N&W abandoned warehouse.  It seems that some wino heard screaming and called the police.  Sheriff Mahat reported that it appeared that the lab was used for processing crack cocaine, another example of cultural devolution.

The doorbell startled me from my revelry.  Ruthie’s older sister, Carmen, stood at the door looking blankly at our peephole.  I unchained (a new addition to our decor) the door.  She smiled and walked briskly by me. I felt something arousing about her brevity, but I forced it aside. 

“Well, hey Carmen.  What’s up with you?”

“Don’t give me that what’s up crap.  What’s going on up at that butcher shop they call a hospital.  Jesus you look like hell.”

 Carmen never spared conversation, or her expletives, for anyone.  She was so unlike Ruthie.  Or, maybe I should say the old Ruthie.  The new Ruthie was a stranger as strange as her older sister seemed familiar.  “Mom and I have tried to go see her for the past week.  They’ve basically tossed us out on our asses.  She demanded, “Now, I want to know what the hell is going on? You must know something!  Is she okay? Is Ruthie and the baby okay?”

 I felt like going back to my makeshift bed on the couch and disappearing under the blankets.  “Carmen, I don’t know much more than you.  I do know that Ruthie and Christian will be coming home in three days as long as everything goes okay.  What I don’t know is why all this has happened.”  I lowered my eyes.  I choked out the desperation in my throat.  But, I knew she knew what I was feeling.  I slowly raised my eyes to meet hers.  What I felt was sinful. Carmen was delectably charming and undeniably gorgeous to look at.  I had to stop this shit.  Nip it in the bud, Tal.  Nip it in the bud.  “You wanna cup a coffee, Car?”  I told myself I needed someone to talk to.  I told myself that this would be a chance to air all my frustrations of the past week. 

Carmen looked at me quizzically, “Sure, why not.”  “I think we should talk.”
She sat across from me at the table and said nothing, wanting answers I didn’t have.  I opened, 

“Carmen, something happened up there.”

Becoming alarmed, she pressed, “What do you mean, something happened, to Ruthie, what...?”

“I don’t know.  All I know is that I haven’t seen the baby, Ruthie called me every name not in the dictionary, and some asshole muscle-man escorted me to the lobby. It’s probably that post-partum thing that women go through.”

“Maybe, but I don’t think that happens right away. Doesn’t that take a week or two?”
She frothed with sarcasm, “Hell, I don’t know,Tal, I’m just a nurse. O.B. is not my forte. But, yeah, it is a delayed event.”  She was exasperated, “I’m just groping.”

“No matter what the problem, shouldn’t I have some kind of parent’s or spouse’s right to see my wife and son?”

“Not necessarily. Doctors will tell you their main concern is always the health and welfare of the patient. Maybe, Ruthie just doesn’t want you there.  I don’t know why that might be. It’s none of my business.  My main concern is Ruthie and my new nephew.” She looked at me accusingly.

I looked directly at her.  “Carmen, I can assure you that things have been fine around here.”  Ruthie and I have been doing okay. I mean, it’s not like we have this storybook romance, but we do okay.”

We spent the rest of the morning discussing such mundane topics as the weather, always a good topic when you want to reach over and grab the breasts of the person you’re talking to.  We discussed my need for a shower.  Actually, Carmen was discussing my need for a shower.  I was starting to get a complex.  I told her that I would take one when she got the hell out of my house.  We laughed, but laughing didn’t seem appropriate today, and crying wouldn’t help at all.  I couldn’t help staring at Carmen’s lips while she spoke.  The shower was starting to seem urgently necessary to me the longer she sat here. 

She left just before noon and I hastened to the bathroom and took the famed “cold shower.”  Well, it wasn’t that cold, but served a similar service.  I cooled my testosterone jets.  I sat down at my computer and felt the need to write.  Before the shit hit the swirling plastic blades, I was working on a wildlife article for the Indiana Wildlife Association.  The pay wasn’t that great, but money was a little known commodity around here and our savings account was shrinking daily.  I needed to write.

I booted up the computer and began typing, it felt good.  Greaser, my first cat (the one before Char), bolted across the room and pounced on my desk.  I looked down at him curiously.  A thought came to me.  I looked at his paws.  In fact, I grabbed each paw and inspected it, all claws were accountable for.  Greaser nipped at my fingers, but took my physical assessment without too much of a struggle.  “Sorry, ol’ pal, I had to check.”  Greaser’s claws were much thinner than the one I found in the baby’s crib.  I went back to writing my article, but I couldn’t take my mind off the room upstairs.  It hung with me like a cramp.  Ruthie and Christian were coming home in three days and I looked forward to it with dread.  Right.  Dread.  Something was definitely wrong with that picture.

Evening soon found its way into the corners of our home.  Winter nights came too quickly in the Midwest.  The gray skies bring out the antidepressant medications.  The Wellbutrins, Paxils, Elavils creep into people’s medicine cabinets.  Psychiatrists begin saving for their vacations in Brazil with smiles super-glued to their faces.  That evening presented a potential to be a two-dog night, but I had only Greaser.  The more I thought about it the more I realized that, at this moment, Greaser was my only friend.  Ruthie’s as good as gone.  Why did I feel this?  I felt tears brewing.  

I was restless.  I went into the bathroom and stared at the mirror. Carmen was right I did looke like shit.  I hadn’t shaved for four days.  I ran the hot water.  I lathered up my face, looked in the mirror, and began sobbing.  I couldn’t help it.  I was being tortured by something I could not control.  I was suffering.  I ran into the parlor and to the staircase.  I stood staring up the darkened stairs.  Fear groped at my chest.  This is what’s torturing me.  I had to go back up there.  I couldn’t stay downstairs forever.  Hi, Ruthie, oh how ‘bout let’s just live downstairs.  Why?  Nothing really, just a monster upstairs in the nursery.  No big deal, just a monster’s claw in the baby’s crib. No big deal, it’s only the nursery from Hell, but it’s nothing really, nothing.  I ran back into the study and grabbed my Mossberg, ran back to the stairs, and froze.  

What was I doing?  Going to war?  I set the gun against the wall and took the first step.  I slowly climbed the carpeted steps and found myself too quickly at the top.  My chest grew tighter.  At first glance, everything seemed okay, untouched and silent.I walked with confidence that I really didn’t have.  My knees kept trying to buckle beneath me.  I flipped on the light switch expecting ...what?  Nothing happened.  I stood looking at Christian’s room.  His little bed had not been changed in any way.  The room had not been touched.  I released air in a gasp.  I realized that I had been holding my breath throughout this little micro-adventure.  I couldn’t take my eyes off of Christian’s bed.  It made me sad.  It evoked a childhood memory, my saddest.

I was seven-years-old when my young father passed away.  My mother was left with five children.  We lived in an old farmhouse.  Mom had a forty-eight Chevy she hated to drive, but made herself do it.  I remember the funeral and my Uncle Mike holding me up to the coffin letting me say goodbye to my dad.  I touched his hand.  It was cold, cold like the March wind outside of the rickety old funeral home.  I remember the cemetary.  We stood by the graveside while a minister said things I didn’t understand.  I cried.  We drove away from the grave.  I looked back with blurred eyes and stared at the hole in the ground gaping like a mouth with brown beard surrounding it.

We drove home in silence for the wake.  Family members and neighbors were busy preparing food, chattering and laughing.  Strange.  I wasn’t chattering or laughing.  I quietly slipped upstairs to mother’s and father’s bedroom.  The door was open and the bed was made.  I stared at my dad’s side of the bed for a long time.  I thought it was breathing.  Yes, I thought it was breathing.  I couldn’t take my eyes away from my father’s breathing bed.  My sister slipped beside me and put her hand on my shoulder, saying nothing.  She knew what I felt, what I have felt forever since that moment the loss of a friend.

I don’t know how much time had passed while I stood bathed in this memory, but I do know the lights suddenly went out.  I startled and my heart began racing.  Something rustled near the curtains and I stood there without courage or a weapon.  I shouted, “Who are you?”  “What do you want?”  The lights came back on.  But, I swear I heard a voice, human or no.  A voice, raspy and low, squeezing out the sound of murder, “I know your father’s grave quite well.”  I shuddered and ran out of the room and fell down the stairs, everything at once turned black.

Chapter Six

My head was throbbing and the house was dark except for the light filtering from the baby’s room.  I attempted to raise my upper body, but found my arms numb and weak.  I began slowly and weakly to massage my arms.  I think they had fallen asleep. It took awhile to massage life into them.  Finally, I worked myself into a sitting position and then a stooped position.  I grabbed the bannister and worked my way into the parlor by leaning on furniture and walls.  Everything seemed to be working, legs, arms, face, hands, and brain.  Brain?  Questionable.  

My mind had yet to register reality, whatever that was.  Something up there had scared the shit out of me.  Something up there wanted to murder me.  No, that’s not it.  I believe that whatever it was could’ve killed me right on the spot.  I felt it’s power.  I felt the power of a million watts of electricity, the power of a storm, the power of a killing.

I chilled.  I trembled from the knowledge that something existed more powerful than any human could ever be, and that it lay waiting in Christian’s room.  Christian?  This creature, this thing, was in Christian’s room, Christian’s bed.  I only had questions. Or, did I?  Perhaps the answers hatching in my head are simply refusing to surface, refusing to be born.  I guess I just didn’t want to think that some hellish creature hanging out in my firstborn’s room, hanging out in my wife’s brain, and wanting to murder my honky ass, was becoming my new-found reality.  I needed someone to talk to.  I needed feedback.  Who would listen?

I looked at my watch, glowing a digital read-out of 9:30 p.m.  I had been knocked out and lying on that cold floor for almost an hour, no wonder my head ached.  I was hungry, my head hurt, and I was still terrified.  I’ll call Carmen.  I’ll spill my guts.  I must.  I could not carry this alone.  Carmen answered on the third ring.  “Hey Carmen, it’s me.”

“Tal, did you think I’d forget your voice?  I’ve only known you for five years.  What’s wrong with you, you sound a little strange?”

“Well, I’m kinda feeling a little strange.  We need to talk.  Do you have things to do?  I mean I could call you back if you’re too busy.”

“It’s nine-thirty at night. What the hell would I be doing?  I’m single and too tired to mingle.”  So, do you want to come over here?”

I have to admit that amid all this fear I was feeling something stirring that shouldn’t be stirring.  But, I needed to talk.  “Sure, I’ll be there in less than an hour, will it be too late?”  

I thought I heard a hint of playfulness in her voice.  “No, it’s definitely not too late.  I think I can handle the late, late show.”  There, I had done it.  I made a move, but was it a reasonable move?  Did it make sense to go to your single sister-in-law’s house while her sister lay in the hospital having given birth to her nephew?  This has to be some kind of crazy dream.  I’ll wake up any moment.  I wonder, though, if I’ll wake up next to Ruthie.

Carmen opened the door before I had a chance to ring the doorbell.  She looked marvelous.  Her blonde hair tied starkly back made her look a little like Ruthie, but her mouth was much fuller and of course her eyes were bottomless blue.  Carmen, was dressed in tight gray sweats with a red Ball State University tee-shirt. She looked voluptuous.  It was difficult to keep from staring at her.  Though a family resemblance could be seen between Carmen and Ruthie, the resemblance was superficial.  Ruthie’s face was thin, almost gaunt.  Her eyes were brown and always seemed to stray to a place faraway.  Ruthie was shorter than Carmen and definitely not as shapely, but it hadn’t been Ruthies body that attracted me to her.  It was her intellect.  She was well-learned and logical, qualities I admired.  On the other hand, Carmen was gregarious and charming, a leader by nature and damn pretty.  

 “Are you sure we should be here?”  The question surprised me.  So, she was thinking similar thoughts.

“I don’t know.  I just needed someone to talk to.”

She motioned to her tan, Victorian couch.  I imagined her on it.  “Sit down.”
Carmen, instead of sitting across from me in her barrel-backed chair, sat down next to me, comfortably next to me. 

I told her the whole story, Ruthie, Christian, the car, the strange dragging sounds, and everything else I experienced.  Carmen listened intently.  Her look didn’t seem to be one of disbelief, a look of sadness.  When I had finished telling her it was two in the morning.  “Tal, what is there to do about this?”  I looked down at her hand resting on mine.  I held it tighter and looked into her eyes.  I don’t think she was talking about my story.  She was talking about something far more dangerous than Satan.  Carmen moved her lips, but I couldn’t hear a thing she was saying.  She then moved her lips much closer to mine.  We embraced.  The devil was somewhere far away whispering what devils whisper when they have someone in their back pocket.  I drew a chilled breath, somehow realizing that there would only be two players left, Christian and myself.  What about Carmen?  I feared for her and felt sorry for myself.  I couldn’t shake this despair.  It covered me like a blanket, suffocating and constricting.  Sweet Carmen, what lies ahead for you?  I couldn’t keep the tears from trickling down my face, she never noticed them and I soon forgot about them.

Chapter Seven

The drive home from the hospital was quiet.  Christian slept and Ruthie looked calmly out the car window.  I wanted to talk to her about the inexplicable incidents of the past 2 weeks, but couldn’t.  I wanted to grab her up and hold her, but I couldn’t do that either.  Ruthie was a stranger with a strange child.  I drove to our home.  Home seemed to be a stretch of the imagination, but it was in fact our home.  Ruthie gave me her suitcase and that was all.  I followed her like a shadow into the house.  She didn’t speak to me until later that night.  “Tal, I want you out of my bedroom.”  Stunned, I looked pleadingly at her.  “Don’t argue, please.”  I didn’t.

“What is this about, Ruthie?”

“It’s about something greater than us.  It’s about eternity.  It’s about heaven and this hell on earth. Tal, I have promised the remainder of my life to Christian.”  Confused, I dropped my mouth.  

“Ruthie, you’re talking in puzzling circles.  What...?  

“I don’t want to talk anymore.  Christian and I are going upstairs to bed.  Tal, I want you to convert your study to a bedroom.  I see that you have pretty much done that anyway.”  She said no more and left the room.  I heard Christian whimper as she swept him up and slipped up the creaking stairs.  I sat in a bewildered fog, wondering just what the hell had happened.

Our lives took on a strange reality.  I spent the next few weeks writing,  barely etching out an existence.  My writing had improved and I was beginning to receive a few offers from major magazines.  That part of this whole conundrum seemed bright.  But, it wasn’t enough.  I occasionally made trips to Carmen’s.  Ruthie was oblivious to my life and I had become hardened with hers.  Christian.  Christian was a stranger.  I was not allowed to touch him.  Sometimes I would lie under my covers at night and wonder what it would be like to someday have a wife who admired me and a son that emulated my existence.  It would never happen.  Sadly, I would roll on to my side and try to sleep.  Many nights sleep evaded me.  Sleep, like Ruthie, ignored me.  And, like Ruthie, sleep had become heartless with me.  My dreams were full of frigid darkness, claws, and evil faces.  

I was haunted by one particular dream at least once a week.  I would wake up in the middle of the night bathed in a cold sweat, weak, and frightened.  On those nights, I dreamed of a distorted creature.  A man?  I don’t think so.  I can only describe it as an abscessed face with tentacles.  The face spoke to me in raspy gasps, “I know your father’s grave.  I will kill you through Christian Massey.  I will make you a slave to your firstborn.  He will fuck you.  He will fuck his mother.  You will watch as your woman is sodomized and murdered.  You will watch as the world is sodomized and burned.” I can’t explain these dreams or the strange apparition in them.  I should say I am afraid to attempt an explanation.  For what I believed inside of me was that my life as I knew it was doomed.  I felt as though I was cursed.  

This may seem strange, but I was determined to overcome this rut in my road.  I was resolved to make my life as normal as possible, in defiance of Ruthie and Christian.  I spent my days writing and writing good.  I always greeted Ruthie in the morning.  Some mornings she actually would seem like the old Ruthie until I tried to cross her circle of personal space.  As for Christian, I watched him grow.  He was not atypical of a child his age.  He went through all of the Piagetian stages without incident or alarm.  Christian was a cute little boy who simply felt no interest for his father.  If he felt anything at all, it might have been contempt. If there was anything that set him apart from other kids while growing up,  it was his steel gray eyes.  I know of no genealogical foundation for those eyes.  

There were times when I would look into those eyes and try to make some kind of spiritual contact, no luck.  Christian was as cold as that February night when he was plucked from his mother’s womb, plucked early for a destiny. If I spoke to him or tried some pretense of parenting with him, he would look at me (or through me) as if I didn’t exist.  I know this is really bizarre, but I felt as though he longed for me to be gone, somewhere else, perhaps, in Aunt Carmen’s bed.  Perhaps he longed to kill me, or have me killed.  Or, as the dream proselytized maybe he wanted to emotionally sodomize me.  No, the dream said “sodomize,” I added emotionally, because I couldn’t stand the thought, or the visualization.  

Greaser and I became attached to each other.  Unusual for a cat, but he followed me everywhere.  In fact, he stayed by my side almost always, except when he did his duty in the litter box.  Greaser seemed terrified of Christian.  On the rare occasions when Christian would walk into my study, twice in three years, Greaser would hiss and dash for my desk.  It didn’t look like I would have to fear the old wive’s tale that a cat could suck the air right out of a child asleep.  Hell, Greaser wouldn’t even go near the stairway.  He evidently knew it wasn’t the stairway to heaven.  

I became the go-person of the household.  Every Friday Ruthie would bring me a list of grocery items and off I went, packing Greaser in the car.  I mean it he would not leave my side.  He even went on my journeys to Carmen’s place.  This became problematic.  Carmen had an old, abandoned alley cat named, Carpet. Carpet and Greaser did not become friends for a long time.  They both had copiously filled Carmen’s small house with their special fragranced piss.  She tossed both of them in her garage and had all of her carpet ripped out.  My visits with Carmen became commonplace.  It seemed quite normal to us both.  Knowing Carmen, however was not knowing Ruthie.  They were entirely two different people, Carmen, the healthier.

She was the sociable child in the family.  She was the middle child of three, having a brother that neither she nor Ruthie talked about.  Carmen graduated from I.U. School of Nursing and became a surgical nurse at the Lordes Crossing Community Hospital.  She was married briefly to her childhood sweetheart, but he turned out to be gay.  I had met him once at a family dinner.  He looked at me more than his wife.  I knew something was wrong.  Carmen headed up all of the family outings, delegating tasks to all family members.  Needless to say, when Carmen’s and Ruthie’s father died four years ago, Carmen was the super-glue.  She held an already fragile family together, but it appears that not even Carmen’s strong will could salvage this sinking genetic ship.

Carmen tried to talk me into having Ruthie admitted to a community mental health center nearby, but I couldn’t.  Now just exactly what would I tell them?  I want my wife admitted, doctor, she won’t talk to me because she is possessed by the devil, and I have seen the devil.  Yes...yes, I have seen and heard the devil.  Think about it.  No, no doctor I believe she is the one crazy, not me.  How in the hell could I suggest she needs help?

I bought a new laptop computer with part of the money I had received for my article on, “The Mating Habits of the Common Red Squirrel.”  I was writing with frenzy unknown to me, and I was writing successfully.  My obsession was becoming lucrative.  I suggested to Ruthie that we move to a bigger home.  I ran into a wall.

“We will not move!  He does not wish it.”  I wanted to say, Fuck him and fuck you Ruthie, and that gray-eyed bastard with you, but of course, I didn’t.  With Ruthie, silence became the better part of valor.  I closed the door to the possibility and picked up a fishing pole.  I decided that I would begin a novel.  I would write and fish.  Sound crazy?  I needed to do this.  In fact, I was driven to do this.

I bought several fishing gear items, a fishing license, and a dozen nightcrawler worms.  I drove to the point where the Wabash and Eel River met.  I had heard that that was a good place to wet your worms.  I threw my line in the water, sat back on my lawn chair, and unpacked my laptop.  Ah, life doesn’t get any better than this.  Greaser looked for a sandy place to relieve himself.  I think he likes this spot.  He rubbed up against my legs and turned his purring machine on high.  He sniffed at my can of worms and pounced at a dragonfly.  Sometimes I wish Greaser could speak, but there are times I’m damn glad he doesn’t.  I didn’t catch any fish, but I did get sunburned (I forgot the sun-blocker) and I did finish 5 pages of my book.  I looked down at Greaser.  He had found a fish head and wasn’t about to give it to me.  “A very productive day, aye Buddy, very productive day in deed.”  Had I known what awaited us at home I would have stayed at the river and prayed for lightening to strike me.

Chapter Eight

The thunderous rumble of the freight train passing overhead had no effect on Mishok’s task at hand.  He needed sustenance.  He found these furry little creatures not entirely unpleasant to his palate.  The four legged animal clawed helplessly and hopelessly as Mishok drew it closer and closer to the gaping, ragged hole that served as a mouth.  The small animal squirmed no more.  As Mishok’s vise-like jaws snapped the tiny neck, blood sprayed on the grafitti covered wall of the viaduct.  He stopped abruptly, lifted his head and snorted.  He grinned a hideous grin and screamed a sound that sounded more like a screeching animal in its death throe,  “I see you Mr. Tal and I will come soon to kill you, soon!”

I bolted upright in bed, shivering and soaked with sweat.  I tried to catch my breath, but fear had a choke on me.  I swung my feet to the side of the couch.  I needed to touch the floor.  I needed to feel something beneath my feet to prove that I was still alive.  I was alive, Greaser was beneath my feet, hissing with fear.  I had had a view, I think, of my enemy.  Not a view, perhaps more like a Satanic revelation, or vision of ...

The thought stopped there.  I heard a sound upstairs.  The floor was creaking.  Somebody was awake and moving around at 4:12 in the morning, probably Christian getting up to pee.  It was Christian, but he wasn’t getting up to pee, he was coming down the steps.  I should say he was tumbling down the steps.  He crashed against the rail one step at a time, his head thumping in unison with each column.  My heart caught in its beating as I ran over and bent beside him at the bottom of the stairs.  I reached down to pick him up when two hands seized my throat.  At first, I thought Christian was merely drawing himself up to me, but the choke hold squeezed tighter.  I  grabbed his small arms and tried to push him away.  It felt even tighter.  I felt myself panic.  I grabbed his hands this time and tried to pry his fingers loose.  My head begin to swim.  I felt myself beginning to slip away from this moment into a black canyon.  My stomach began protesting.  I was losing this fight.  Suddenly, Christian’s hold loosened.  Greaser?  I heard him snarl and hiss, and then screech.  I managed to pull myself away from Christian as he screamed in pain from Greaser’s teeth embedded in the back of his neck.

Greaser saw me and immediately jumped off of the boy.  He ran over to me and began his dance between my feet.  Remind me to buy some of that fancy cat food, ol’ buddy.  Christian  pushed himself off the floor and was standing there in the dark.  I could feel him staring at me.  I could feel his contempt.  He turned around without even a whimper and stepped cautiously back up the stairs.  Where was his mother?

There would no more sleep for me.  My neck was beginning to swell, bruises were inevitable.  I sit down in the darkness with Greaser on my lap.  He was shaking.  He knew something I didn’t, or maybe I did.  Neither one of us wanted to face our future.  To see our future would surely drive Greaser and I to self-destruction. But, whether we wanted to or not, it appeared we were heading for a chilling monorail ride to Hell.  Greaser looked quizzically up at me.  I stood up, stretched, went to the kitchen to get an ice pack.  My son had just tried to kill me.

The next morning Ruthie came stomping into the kitchen dispensing with the “Good morning” and cut straight to the chase.  “What the fuck (she was using that word a lot lately) happened last night?”

“A simple ‘Hi, honey’ would have done nicely.” I said sarcastically. She pulled her arm back with a fist made on the end of it and swung a beautiful roundhouse at me.  Thank God she missed.  

“You sonofabitch! If you ever lay a hand on him again...”

“Hold it, Ruthie.  Check out the ol’ gipper’s neck here.”  I showed her my battle wounds and explained our little toddler’s death-defying act last night.  She said nothing, only smiled. She smiled and turned away.  There would be no newspaper read this morning. I looked up at the “God Bless This House” framed on the wall. There was something incongruent with that idea.  God wasn’t blessing this house, Satan was.  I needed the river, so did Greaser.

I stopped by Carmen’s, but she wasn’t home.  She left me a note saying that she and her girlfriends went to Indianapolis to shop for “treasures.”  I scratched a note and put it under her “Welcome” mat, got in the car, and headed to Hank’s Bait and Tackle.  Greaser tried to drive for me and nearly got us both wrecked.

I was checking out the minnows darting around in the big gurgling tank (more like an old livestock watering trough) when I notice a familiar face.  “Bunky?  Bunky Hall?”  The familiar face stood blank for a moment then came to life.  

“Tal Massey.  Well, I’ll be damned.  I haven’t seen you for almost...now when the fuck was it we graduated?”  We laughed.  It had been way too long ago.

“Hey, Bunky, what brings you into Hank’s?  Doin’ some fishin’?”

“You betcha.  Headin’ over to where the Tippi and Wabash become friends.”

“Never been there.”

“Got any beer?”

“No, but I bet Hank’s got some.”  We laughed again and agreed that I would follow him to Soapsburg, not far from where the Wabash River and the Tippicanoe River meet.

We went down a few blacktop main country roads, then on to some very dusty dirt back roads, and finally to a rutted car path to the spot that eventually became known as Holly Hill.  Holly Hill, like I already told you, was the name of the nineteen-fortyish trailers that stood, I should say “sagged” near the river.  When I saw this spot I knew that I had found a little piece of sanity amidst all of the insanity.  I knew that I needed to be here and I think Greaser knew it too.  We unpacked the gear and the beer.  You know something?  I didn’t care if I ever caught a fish.  My book would soon be done and I owed it all to Bunky Hall.

Bunky and I drank a fair portion of the twelve pack and talked until we ran out of words.  I think I found a new friend.  Bunky and I had never been friends in high school, but it’s funny what a couple of extra inches around the waist and a receding hairline can do to youthful egos and their high testosterone levels.  I hadn’t felt this good for a long time.  

Bunky reeled in two small, small-mouthed bass.  I reeled in two large branches and somebody’s rusty lure.  However, I finished a couple more pages of my book, Greaser sniffed at Bunky’s fish, and Bunky napped in his reclining lawn chair.  Bunky and I both changed over the years.  We talked about his failed marriage.  They, fortunately had had no children.  She fell in love with some guy she met at the battery factory down in Crows Haven.  

Bunky said that he would’ve killed the guy, but prison didn’t appeal to him at the time.  Instead, he bought this old trailer and 10 useless acres of underbrush next to the river, and started selling insurance.  You would never have guessed it by looking at Bunky, in his soiled tank-top and cut-off jeans.  I think I envied him.  No, I knew that I envied him.  I pondered the idea of discussing the past few years of my life with Bunky, but made the wise decision of only listening to him.  The sun was starting to make its descent.  I hated to see this day creep into its final shadow because I knew I had to go home.  Lately, going home was becoming synonymous with sticking your tongue in a grove of poison ivy then bending over and french kissing your asshole.  Tonight I’m sure would prove no different..  

I was wrong.  Greaser and I unloaded our fishing gear in the garage and slipped into the kitchen.  The house was unusually dark. Were they not home?  I walked to the stairway.  I could see no lights on.  It was only seven in the evening.  Ruthie never went to bed before eleven, sometimes much much later.  I opened a can of cat food for the Greaser.  He was appreciative.  I fixed a can of chicken and noodle soup. I unfolded the newspaper, and fell asleep reading.  Tonight, there were no visitors in my dreams, no ghosts invading my mind.  There was just a peaceful, dreamless ravine of nothingness, interrupted occasionally by the tongue of a big gray, furry cat licking my hand.  Tonight there was a god.  Tonight there was hope, but only tonight.

Chapter Nine

The child and his mother did as they were told.  She removed her clothes just as the Master had told her to do.  Ruthie knew this was the right thing.  She knew that her son was a special child, nevertheless, she was terrified of the hideous being stretched before her.  She felt its power and imagined its strength.  She would be no match.  She lay across the metal table that the Master had prepared for her, legs spread and arms tied tightly above her head.  He, it, held a strange instrument in his hand.  It appeared to be a metal tong with razor sharp teeth.  Ruthie would have screamed, but thought it unlikely that screaming would improve her current position.

Christian was dressed in a deep, blood red robe.  His young eyes were rolled in the back of their sockets as if in seizure.  He grasped tightly a bloody, fleshy object in his hands.  Ruthie could not see what it was, maybe the results of an animal’s corrupted decapitation.  She gasped.  She knew that this was a rite-of-passage for Christian.  Christian was being initiated into a godless sainthood that few others, perhaps no others, were privileged to join.  She shuddered.  Ruthie knew that as of this night she could begin counting the days until her death.

Mishok had no use for the weakling woman who gave life to his ward, but it was not time to remove her.  The child was still young, but coming along nicely, yes quite nicely.  He placed the weedling tongs into the simmering white hot coals.  The ward looked strong.  His Maker had rewarded him with this handsome sapling, gray eyes to match his own.  Mishok almost felt some sense of kinship to this boy, some sense of  love.  But, of course, Mishok could only love his Master and no one else, not even this proxy.

Mishok grabbed the hot, sharp tongs and quickly took away the woman’s womanhood.  And, almost in the same motion, sliced away the cub-child’s foreskin.  The bitch screamed and passed out of consciousness.  The boy stared at him and yelped like an animal would yelp, he bared  his yellow teeth and snarled at Mishok.  Mishok laughed.  He thought he was going to enjoy training this little yelper.

***
I heard Ruthie and Christian come home.  I was still in the throngs of sleep and couldn’t wake up enough to look at the clock.  But, I think it was pretty early in the morning.  They climbed slowly up the steps, creaking with each step (I had vowed once to pay someone to fix those damn stairs).  Still, I was too drowsy to open my eyes, but there was an air, I should say an odor, that settled behind them.  Strange.  It almost smelled like burning feathers.  The smell I remember as a child when my Aunt Ruby would kill a chicken and place its naked body over a stove flame to burn off excess feather nubs.  I fell asleep and dreamed of Christian’s hands around my neck.

I woke up early. The sun was barely peeping over the horizon.  The moon was still visible.  Greaser yawned and stretched himself the way I wish I could.  He hopped off to his litter box as I headed to the coffee pot.  I put two scoops of fresh coffee into a filter and headed to the bathroom.  As I walked through the dining area I stepped on something that squished.  I looked down at my foot and noticed something dark and sticky, something like partially dried paint, but it wasn’t paint.  I squatted down and touched it, definitely not paint.  It was blood.  I dabbed it with my finger and examined it closer.  Maybe it was Greaser’s, but I don’t think so.  I looked around on the floor and saw several other splotches.  Greaser nuzzled up to me.  I picked him up and gave him a thorough look-over.  It wasn’t Greaser.  This morning, early, the burned feathers smell, Ruthie, Christian?

I climbed the stairs cautiously.  It’s amazing how cautious I had become.  I watched where I sat.  I watched where I walked.  And, I watched over my shoulders.  This is my own  home too.  I got to the top of the stairs.  Both bedroom doors were open.  No one home.  What did I hear earlier?  Where were they?  I heard the a door open downstairs.

I slipped downstairs before Ruthie and Christian had time to enter the parlor.  They both limped slightly past me as I feigned reading one of last week’s newspapers.  I looked at both.  Christian was his usual zombie self.  Ruthie looked frazzled.  I questioned, “Ruthie, is something wrong?”  She only stared at me.  I could read nothing in her eyes or her expression.  “Ruthie?”

“Leave it, Tal.”

“I’ll be goddamned if I’ll leave it! You and him come and go in this house like you’re hotel guests!  I have a right!I have nightmares every other night. The house smells like death!,What the hell is going on?”

“It’s too late for the answer.  It’s too late!”  Ruthie looked dead.  I guess it’s the first time that I noticed that she had lost weight.  She looked anorexic.  She looked leukemic.

“We cannot go on this way, Ruthie.  We never talk.  We never sleep...”

“I thought my sister took care of that little problem for you.”  She seethed.  “Go to her!  I can’t help you anymore. Just get the hell out and go to her!”  She grabbed the zombie’s arm and headed for the stairs, closing the door to our life once again.  I headed for my study.  I needed to get out, but somebody had to stay and help here.  Although our relationship could no longer be called a marriage,  I couldn’t leave.  I still loved Ruthie and, let’s face it, she needed some kind of help.  I needed help.  She didn’t work, she had no income, and she obviously was dying.  My poor Ruthie was dying.

I called Bunky.  Greaser and I headed to the river with a six pack of beer, night crawlers, and some kitty treats.  I once again contemplated the idea of telling Bunky the truth.  Was it the truth?  I almost had myself convinced that I was going crazy.
***
Bunky already had his lines in the water and was nursing a can of beer.  “Tal, man, whatcha doin’.” 
 “You an’ that cross-eyed cat haven’t been around.  Man, I got into a mess of perch the other night.  Couldn’t keep my hook baited fast enough. I think it’s because the ice is breaking up.  I’ve been told the fish are starving after being under that ice so long.”

“I know man.  I got a world of shit goin’ on at home, just haven’t had the time. It’s Ruthie.  She ain’t looking too good lately.”
“You know somethin’, Tal?  I saw her an’ that boy of yours the other day down below the dam.”  
Seemed weird, just the two of them, you know.?”

I was taken back.  “Down by the dam?  What were they doing?”
“Don’t know.”  “When I saw them they were walkin’ up the river bank.  The boy looked mighty strange, kinda like he was in some kind of fugue. Weird. You know walkin’ an icy riverbank is a perilous thing.” 

My mind was racing.  “When did you see them?”  

 Bunky stopped for a moment, thinking.  “In fact, it was yesterday morning.  I was on my way to the office to pick up some beneficiary papers, must’ve been right before noon.”

I decided that I would talk to Bunky.  I told him the whole story.  As I told it I could hardly believe what I was saying.  How could I think he would believe it.  He did.

“Man, you got to get the fuck outta there.  Listen, you see that piece-of-shit trailer up there? It’s yours.  It’s equipped with telephone line, heat, and electricity.  I won’t charge ya much?  You can stay free until you get things settled, how ‘bout it?  I could use a fishin’ partner and that piece-of-shit trailer could use some fixin’ up.”

“Let me think about it, Bunky.”

“Hey, no problem.  Did I see a six pack of that sudsy stuff by your chair?’

“Sure did.”

“Then what the hell we waitin’ for?”  

We laughed for awhile, but soon the stark madness of my situation muted us.  I could see fear in Bunky’s eye, fear for me.  Before I left to come home, I agreed to move into the old trailer in one week.  Little did I know then that that decision might just have saved my life.

Chapter Ten

The next several years went by uneventfully.  Ruthie did not die.  In fact, after Greaser and I moved out, she seemed to rejuvenate herself.  Christian’s zombie stage was replaced by near-normal behavior as he progressed through his grade school years.  Ruthie never consulted me about any of the normal childhood activities like P.T.A., school plays, or parent-teacher meetings.  I didn’t even know if Christian participated in any school programs. 
 
Surprisingly,I was invited to his thirteenth birthday party and was more surprised to learn that he had friends.  In fact, there were at least a dozen kids at the house when I knocked on the door.  I was greeted at the door by a man, a stranger.  He was an older man, at least seventy-five or eighty.  He introduced himself as Michael.  He looked strangely familiar to me.  His eyes were of the same gray hue as Christian’s and his voice was, I knew, recognizable, but from where or what I couldn’t be sure.  Michael’s face looked made up like a face in a coffin, placid and cold.  His presence made me uneasy.  In fact, this whole  “Birthday in Hell” event was stringing me out.

I brought a present for Christian. I had a very difficult time picking it out (Carmen helped me).  What do you buy a young man who is interested, at the age of thirteen, in Shakespeare, Durkheim, Kant, and Satan?  I brought him a gift certificate for the local bookstore, how inventive of me. Christian greeted me simply as “Tal” and placed my card in a basket on the dining room table and went back to socializing with his friends.  I tried to make conversation with Michael the pancake makeup man.  “So, are you a long-lost relative I’ve never met, Michael?”  

He winked at me, “I have never been lost Mr. Tal.  But, I’ve always been long.”  I looked away from him quickly, afraid that by staring at him I would be driven insane by something he held deep within his funky face, deep within his murky shadowy smile.

Ruthie looked at me from across the room and motioned with her eyes for Michael the pancake man to come to her.  He did.  She smiled seductively at him, something she had never done with me.  I excused myself from the party from hell.  I wasn’t wanted and I definitely didn’t want to be there. When I closed the door I heard laughing that dripped with malevolence.

***

After I left home and moved to the trailer, Ruthie and I were divorced.  She got the house, her car, Christian, and half of my income.  I got the laptop computer, the cat, my clothes, and my car. Oh yeah, I also got half of the savings account, close to eight thousand dollars.  I took the eight thousand and bought the old trailer and two acres of underbrush from Bunky.  Hey, and Bunky threw in an old green flat-bottomed john boat which I painted another shade of green and stenciled the name “Greaser’s Fisher” on it.  Sound corny?  It was corny, but I was actually beginning to enjoy life and living, something I hadn’t done in the past 13 years with Ruthie.  Carmen and I began seeing each other regularly and I really was beginning to think  life didn’t get any better than this.  The horrible wound caused by Ruthie and Christian was beginning to heal.  It was beginning to hide itself in the folds of my memory and I was quite happy to keep it hidden.  But, it was there.  I knew that.  I knew somehow that all this happiness would someday end.  I knew that someday Christian and I would clash.  I knew as sure as I was breathing that Ruthie would disappear from this world and some crazy rationalism told me that Pancake Mike was going to be her eternal taxi and escort her to the other side.  I’m talkin’ folks about the side where fingernails scrape chalkboard every night as a lullaby.  I’m talkin’ folks about the side where nightmares come true and where Big Pancake man shits down the side of your cowboy boots every moring just to remind you that you ain’t shit.

My writing career progressed.  My first novel made a small profit, but it was enough to give me confidence to write another.  The second book drew some critical acclaim so I quit the wildlife articles and devoted my days to write a third novel.  My publisher wanted to get his hungry little hands on it by March.  I don’t like deadlines, but I do like to earn money.  So,  I cooped myself up in my little trailer with Greaser and have began a near reclusive life, but it’s damn near impossible when a lovely lady like Carmen comes knocking on your door wearing nothing but a string.  The hell a writer has to go through.

December winds were starting to groan through the trees and I was ill-prepared.  I drove into Lordes Crossing and went into Tammyng’s Hardware.  I bought a bunch of caulking compound and a caulking gun to plug up the holes that had sprung up twenty years ago in the trailer, never fixed by anyone.  I also bought some electric pipe wrap for the pipes.  Last year, I had to replace the water line to my shower twice through the wicked winter.  I exchanged pleasantries with the young cashier who said that her husband had read my book and thought it was great.  I gave my thanks, paid my bill, and went out into the chilled air.  I was glad to be out and about.  My small world sometimes seemed too small.  I toyed with the idea of going over to Ruthie’s just to see how Christian was doing.

A familiar voice, much chillier than the morning air, said lowly, “I wouldn’t do that if I were you Mr. Tal.” 

I turned and startled, it was Pancake Mike.  “I beg your pardon?’
“I said I wouldn’t do that if I were you.  You were walking out in the street with your head down.  People can get hurt you know.  Yes, lots of people can get hurt, Mr. Tal.”  I stood there on the sidewalk trying to blink away the fear or anger, I’m not sure which.  Maybe it was both.  For me, they feel the same.

“I’m sorry, I’ve forgotten your name?”

He whispered, “Mishok, my new friend, Mishok.”

“Well, Mr. Mishok, thanks for the warning, but sometimes we don’t always see what we’re looking at do we?”  Did I catch something in his eye?  Just a flicker of hatred?  Just a flicker of being caught off balance?  “Have a nice day, Mr. Mishok.”

I walked across the street and felt his eyes like claws on my back.  Claws? I fumbled with my keys and opened the car door.  I maneuvered my sack of hardware stuff in the passenger’s seat as I got in the car simultaneously.  I looked quickly across the street.  Pancake Man was gone.  He moved pretty fast for an old man.  Maybe he wasn’t as old as I had originally thought. What we see isn’t what we see.  I drove over to Carmen’s place.

***

Carmen was smiling as she watched me walk up her steps.  No matter how funky I felt, Carmen could always snap me out of it.  She could take control of me.  I don’t mean she controlled me, but I mean she could make me feel that I was once again in control of myself.  Does that make any sense to you?  Carmen was the kind of person that could make you feel good about yourself even if you lost both your balls in a ping pong tournament.  She made me want to live.  She didn’t just let me live.  She made me want to live, to wake up in the morning, and to look in the mirror and face the balding head, the expanding pouch below my chest.  I loved Carmen and she knew it, but she wasn’t ready for a commitment.  We talked many times about living together, but Carmen said she needed room to breathe and that I needed room to write.  Of course, she was right.

I told Carmen about my little run-in with Mr. Pancake Mike.  She didn’t seem alarmed.  “He’s probably checking out his future wife’s old stompin’ partner.”  I must have looked bewildered to her.  “That’s right.  My little sister, your exwife announced to our mother that she was marrying that old fart.  Can you believe it?”  She teasingly said, “Why, he’s almost as old as you.”  I threw a pillow at her.  She dodged and quickly removed her panties and threw them at me.  This night was going to be interesting after all.

I spent the night at Carmen’s, something I didn’t do very often.  I’m sorry I did, now that I think back.  What I went home to was horror, unspeakable horror.

Bunky and two sheriff’s cars greeted me in front of my little trailer, what was left of my little trailer.  Bunky was visibly upset, shaking and darting his eyes from me to the trailer.  “Bunky, what happened?”

“Oh Tal, oh man I’m so sorry?”

“What the fuck’s going on?”  Now it was my turn to get upset.  I looked at the trailer.  All the windows were blown out.  The door was splintered.  I walked closer, but was stopped by a short, chubby deputy, maybe in his early twenties.  “Mr. Massey?”

“Yes, that’s me.”

“Do you have any real bad enemies?”  My heart skipped.  My knees were folding.

“Well, I don’t know.  I don’t think I know anybody that would do this to me.”

The young deputy motioned to me to follow him inside the trailer, I followed closely.  He pointed into the bathroom.  I went to the doorway and gasped.  The sheriff emotionally said, “But do you know anybody that would do that.”  I fell to my knees and wept.
There, stripped of his fur and hanging by a telephone cord was Greaser, or what was left of Greaser.  People can get hurt you know.  But, this was my cat, harmless and free.  Don’t fuck with Mr. Pancake Man.  I ran quickly outside and threw up nothing, only blackened bile and my hope.  Don’t fuck with Mr. Mishok!

Bunky put his arm on my shoulder.  “This is really wierd, Tal. I mean a capital ‘W’ in weird.  I didn’t hear anything last night, an explosion, nothing.  I know what you must be thinking, and the answer is ‘no’ I didn’t have a drink.  In fact, I slept pretty fuckin’ lightly because I ‘didn’t’ have a drink.  I don’t know, man, this is nuts.”

I wasn’t listening.  I already knew the answer to all my questions.  I knew where this was coming from.  I knew there was some weird shit going on and it wasn’t going on inside my head.  This was no hallucination.  That night years ago in Christian’s room was not inside my head.  That claw I had found in the baby bed and flushed down the toilet came from an animal, a much bigger animal than I had bargained for.  The all-to-consuming question now is what the hell am I going to do about it, or better still, what could I do about it?  This was a question that I chose not to answer too hastily.  It took every grain of self-restrain that I possessed, and I wasn’t sure I had any, to keep from going over to the old homestead and shit down ol’ Pancake’s head. But, instinctively I knew that if I attempted such a feat my problems would just be starting.

Instead, I went into my trailer to assess the damage.  The computer was smashed, my nearly finished book with it.  Thank God I always kept backup disks for my writings.  The disks for my book were in my safe deposit box at the bank in Lordes Crossing.  Nothing was burned.  It’s as though a tornado found its nucleus inside my little trailer and simply blew out through the front windows and doors.  The sheriff’s department took pictures.  My insurance representative had arrived trustily on the scene and was writing and photographing.  Of course, the local newspaper inquisitors were johnny-on-the-spot, but they seemed preoccupied by the bullshit being fed to them by Sheriff, election-time, Mahat.

I put my gloves on.  The temperature was falling.  I gingerly loosened the phone cord wrapped around Greaser’s neck.  I carefully put Greaser in a small, wooden tool box I kept in the hallway closet and inconspicuously sneaked out my back door, grabbing an old pick-ax, and stealthily went into the woods.  I said some kind of prayer and placed Greaser and his make-shift coffin into a shallow grave, the ground had not been merciful.
I went back to the trailer, something inside of me had changed forever.

I know it’s a cliché to say that something inside of you has been changed forever, but I mean it.  Greaser had been my friend through all of this.  It’s true that he was probably on his way out of this world anyhow, but what gave anyone the right to control the living and dying of another creature?  Greaser, it’s true had taken the life of a mouse or two, but that’s called survival.  Surviving in nature is one thing, but wrapping a telephone cord around a harmless old cat and skinning it (probably alive) was another.  What kind of Monster was I up against?

 I hadn’t really sat down and thought about this whole Pancake, Christian, Ruthie, thing logically.  I thought that it was time to do so.  

All the hoopla had settled down finally.  The insurance rep told me he would get started on calling some repair people and that he would get somebody to put in some temporary windows (plywood) and door.  I went over to Bunky’s to use the phone.  I called Carmen and apprised her of my day.  She told me I could stay at her place until mine was repaired.  She was leaving town for the next week.  Her niece in Detroit was getting married.  Why didn’t I know about a niece in Detroit?  Oh well, I was just happy to have a place to go and to think, a niece in Detroit?

I packed a small duffle bag with some changes of clothes and hygiene stuff and headed into town.  I gave Bunky, Carmen’s phone number.  I told him to call me when my house could be lived in again.  I hoped that would be soon.  Even though I was born and raised in Lordes Crossing, the place was starting to be spooky to me.

Carmen left a note for me to read:

Tal,
I know you’re wondering about my niece in Detroit (do I know you or what?).  She is my ex’s niece and I knew you would be concerned about me going there and seeing him again.  Well don’t be worried, it’s okay.  Besides, I’ll be with mom, what the hell could I do with her around?  Ruthie opted not to go (what a surprise) Try to relax.  My computer is yours for the using.  I will worry about you and I will definitely miss you.
Love, Carmen

I breathed a sigh of relief and headed for the shower.  I needed to wash the day out of me, but I wasn’t sure I could. Carmen had left some meatloaf and potatoes in the refrigerator.  I nuked them in the microwave and sat down in Carmen’s Victorian parlor with the lights off.  I had to think.

I thought about today’s destruction and I thought about God.  I thought about Satan and about Michael Mishok.  I thought about the strange gray-eyed boy named Christian and his mother, Ruthie.  I also had to think about me.  Was I some kind of predestined leading man in a strange surrealistic play?  No.  This was no myth.  I saw reality on that day.  In fact, it was time to face the reality that I had been blocking for so long.

***

Mishok crept along the sewer floor.  He was excited because he knew he was close to where Cowshit was.  Yes, Cowshit, was his name.  Mishok wondered how Cowshit liked seeing his  trailer in shambles and his dumbass critter hanging from the ceiling? “Well Mr. ‘We-Don’t-Always-See-What-We’re-Looking-At’ how did you like your dead Greaser?”  “The next greasing will be your ass.”  Mishok shook uncontrollably with laughter as he crept closer to Cowshit’s piece of ass’s house.  He would show the worthless fucker just one more trick before his day was through. Maybe Cowshit would piss himself this time. More laughter echoed through the cold concrete tunnel.
***
I went into Carmen’s kitchen and looked for a can of beer, nothing.  I should have known.  Carmen didn’t drink the stuff.  She was a teetotaler.  Instead, I brewed myself a steaming cup of green tea with honey.  I was about to sit down again in the parlor when the kitchen light flickered and then went totally out.  The house became suddenly dark and suddenly cold.  Frost began forming on the walls and was frothing, very similar to dry ice.  I was beginning to panic.  I ran to the front door and tried to open it, nothing.  I ran to the parlor window, it wasn’t there.  It wasn’t there!  There was suppose to be a window there, but at that moment it wasn’t there, what the hell was this.  My heart was speeding.  I couldn’t breathe.  Suddenly, everything returned to normal.  The light came back on.  The parlor window was where it was suppose to be and the frost disappeared almost as fast as it appeared.  I heard a voice that sounded as if it was coming out of the walls.  “Sometimes, Mr. Tal, we don’t always see what we are looking at.”  The voice was familiar and becoming more familiar as the days ran on.  I needed a beer.  Man, did I need a beer. 

Instead, I drank my tea which, by the way remained hot and steaming throughout my little soiree with Satan.  Could that mean that it was all an illusion?  If so, then just maybe Mr. Michael Pancake Face Mishok wasn’t quite as powerful as one would assume by seeing the illusion.  He could give the illusion of freezing walls and arctic temperatures, but could not really create those things.  Wait a minute.  What about today? Out at the river?  What was that, if not creating death and disaster?  But, he had to hang the cat to kill it.  He can’t kill nontraditionally.  I should say that he can’t kill paranormally.  He has to do it the human way, a good ol’ skinnin’ and hangin’.  This guy no doubt could be elected the Grand Pooba of the K.K.K.  But, I believed he was not God.

Now that I knew this, what else did I know?  I knew that Mr. Mishok or just plain ol’ Mishok (sounds biblical anyhow) was either an angel of Satan or was the big guy himself.  He was not a good guy.  Good guys don’t do bad things.  But, sometimes good guys have to kill bad guys.  The movies say so.

I knew also that Christian really wasn’t my son.  That’s right, I finally said it.  Something happened at the hospital on that miserable February night over fifteen years ago. The big person dressed in white who escorted me to the hospital lobby, was it fuckhead Mishok?  There’s some reason his voice sounded so familiar to me.  One very obvious mistake made by nature was the rapid growth of Christian, an infant one month and a few months later a teenager.  There were tricks being played on Mother Nature or maybe she was the one performing the tricks.  In either case young Christian Massey was defying the laws of said Mother Nature.
***
I knew that Ruthie had become possessed by Satan and eventually would be listed in the category of the “walking dead.”  I believed she somehow was overcome with evil while giving birth.  I thought her to be a sad case, having no doubt that she was probably providing all those physical pleasures to Mishok that she never provided me.  The thought was revolting.  All these thoughts were revolting.  

I took two sleeping pills and disengaged myself from all thought.  Who would believe my tale?  It didn’t matter because I believed it.  I committed myself to this reality and I would discover the truth which generated its ghastly beginnings.  My mind became ladened with sleep.  I slowly drifted into a black, dreamless night.
***
Mishok wound his way through the cramped waterways underneath the small town of Lordes Crossing.  He had made the sewer his home.  The ledges above the runs were perfect for him to squeeze in and out of.  For him, space was not a problem, sewage was not a problem, but Cowshit was indeed a problem.  The boy was not ready yet, not ready for the crossing, but soon would be.  Mishok gave him about one more human year and the boy would be ready to become a crosser.  Mishok could not cross much longer.  He heard how Cowshit had called him “Pancake” because of his facial makeup.  He could not cross much longer.  He could not cover up the truth much longer.  Ah, but he could wait.  One thing Mishok knew how to do was wait. He reached up with his tentacle and felt his cracking face.  One more year.  Just one more.
***
The morning brightness warmed my forehead.  I was slightly confused when I first opened my eyes.  I had forgotten where I was at.  I hurried up and took a hot shower, ate a light breakfast, and made an erasable list of things I had to do.  First, I went to the bank to retrieve my disks.  Thank God they were there.  Losing my life is one matter, but losing my pay check for the past six months was really quite another.  I quickly drove back to Carmen’s, made another set of copies, and even copied  my work to hard drive, talk about overkill.  Overkill was not a good word.


Chapter Eleven
“Hey Chris, ya wanna go down to Bett’s house?  She’s got all the answers to the math test.”  Christian toyed with the idea, but he didn’t care about the math test.  He knew all the answers.  He knew all the questions.  In fact, he knew the questions before they were ever placed on a piece of paper.  Christian was good that way.  He didn’t think he was exceptionally smart.  He just thought he had some exceptional powers.  “Nah, I don’t think so.  I gotta get home.  Mom and old Mike are expecting me for chow.”  

Brac Newman looked at him quizzically.  “Who the fuck is that old Mike guy?  He looks like a fuckin’ truck ran over him twice”  

Christian was about two hairs away from creamin’ Brac in the head, but decided it wasn’t worth the bullshit he’d hear from the little puss’s mother.  “Hey!  Don’t worry ‘bout it, okay?  He is who he is and you, you ain’t shit.”  

Brac took a step back.  “Man, ya don’t have to go postal on me, okay?  I just asked.”  Brac backed off.  He knew that Christian Massey was one crazy bastard when ya pissed him off, and he had just pissed him off.  Christian was still yelling at him when he was halfway down the block.  Brac swore he’d stop hangin with this jerk, but Christian always had good weed and good weed was hard to come by nowadays.

Christian walked through the kitchen door.  His bitch mother was cooking something rank.  “What’s that smell?”  He had surprised her. She jumped at the sound of his voice.  She turned, “Pork and cabbage.”  She said it without emotion.  Lately, ol’ mom had been flat as a doormat and Christian liked it that way.  In fact, he didn’t see a problem with knocking the old broad flat on her ass once in awhile.  He was bigger than her by about four inches, stronger than her, and by Holy Jesus it just pleased the shit out of ol’ Mike when he did it.  Man, what a crank.  Christian liked it when Mike praised him.  He liked it especially when the old fart would turn him on to some good weed.  Wonder where the old shit gets the stuff?  Of course, it didn’t matter to Christian where it came from.  He just knew it was some real “skunk.”

Christian was beginning to think about stuff.  He knew that his biological father was Talbert Massey, the writer.  But, he knew also that when he looked in the mirror he only saw ol’ Mike.  When he went to bed at night he dreamed about ol’ Mike.  It was almost like he was some kind of twin to the old fuck, but Christian knew that was a crazy idea.  But, he knew they were connected somehow.  He and Mike had some kind of spiritual chains connecting them.  Christian just wasn’t sure what kind of chains they were.  He had an uneasy feeling that soon he would understand everything all too well.  Christian sensed something important brewing.  His world was going to change a whole bunch.  Maybe change is gonna do me good.  He put on his headsets and cranked the volume and decided to roll one and burn it before supper.  Christian thought that, just by god, maybe supper would taste a helluva lot better after a joint.  It sure as shit would have to taste better than it smells.  Christian leaned up against a stack of pillows and got out his smut books.  He felt himself get hard.  Maybe he would have to take care of this problem before supper.

Supper was a quiet affair.  Christian did his damndest to speak to neither of the old creeps, but tonight Mike wanted to talk.  “Christian, I believe it is time for us to discuss your future.”  The old man’s face was lookin’ bad.  Not even the makeup could hide the crevices in his gaunt, homely face.  Christian wasn’t in the mood to talk, but why bite the hand... and all that shit.  

“Well then, talk Mr. Mike.”

“Christian, I come from a place that you’re soon to travel to.”  His mother gasped and began sobbing.  

What the hell was this all about?  “You’re talkin’ no sense to me old man.  What do you mean I’m travelin’.”

“Christian, I represent someone you’re very familiar with.”  Michael began displaying his darker side.  His eyes began narrowing in their sockets.  “Yes, Christian me boy, you’re very familiar with my boss.  In fact, I have a feeling that you and he are going to be best of friends.  You are coming with me tonight to meet this nice man.”

“Hey, fuck, I gotta date tonight.  I ain’t going any place.”  

Suddenly a hideous tentacle darted across the table and snapped around Christian’s neck.  Christian’s face was turning blue.  He was seconds from being dead.  The tentacle loosened and Mishok stared at Christian.  “As I was saying, you and I are going on a little trip tonight.  Is it understood?”  Christian choked out a sound barely audible.  He damn well understood and from this day forward he would always damn-well understand.

***

I worked with energy I didn’t know I possessed.  The days went by swiftly at Carmen’s and I was very close to completing my book.  Except for that first strange night I had encountered nothing out of the ordinary during the rest of the week.  I hated to leave.  Being at Carmen’s place was relatively safe, except for my strange hallucination, or paranormal event, or whatever it was.  She was returning that afternoon and I would have to leave.  She was going to be back with her mother in approximately two hours.  I didn’t want to be there.  Carmen’s and Ruthie’s mother did not have kind eyes when she looked at me.  And, at that moment in my life, unkind eyes were the last thing I needed.

I packed my duffle bag and shaving kit and headed out the door.  I washed the dishes and made the bed, trying to leave the place as I had found it, impossible.  The day was bright, chilly, and quite windy.  Snow had not come yet to Lordes Crossing and Christmas was only a week away.  Oh shit!  I turned my car toward the Crossing Shopping Mall.  It was time for jewelry.  Carmen had clearly pointed out an opal teardrop necklace to me.  She made Christmas easy for me.  While at the mall, I thought that it might be a good idea to buy myself another computer outfit, since Mr. Mishok decided to play havoc with my old one.  Besides, the old one was pretty darn slow.  A color laser printer was in order too.  

When I left the mall, not only did I have a computer outfit stuffed in the back of my car, I also had a small scanner and a fax machine.  Oh, and of course, Carmen’s necklace.  I think I got the better deal.  I felt guilty for awhile, but then I realized that Carmen spent seven days in Detroit and I knew that all that time wasn’t entirely spent at a one-hour wedding.  I had a feeling that there was a whole lotta shopping going on.

I drove to the river.  I was anxious to see my trailer.  Bunky called me two days ago and told me the windows were all replaced, and the “old hacienda was looking pretty good.”  It was.  I didn’t realize how much I missed my little piece of the earth.  I missed poor Greaser too, but I had to put that aside for now.  I practically leaped out of my car and headed up the steps (two steps).  Bunky had left the key under the mat, how original.  I opened the door.  The place was cleaned up.  I hired a couple of college girls actually Bunky hired them, to clean the place.  It looked great.  I unloaded my car and moved myself back home.  

I called Carmen that evening.  I woke her up.  I told her that I’d call her back the next day.  I told her I was glad she was back home, I meant it.  She drowsily mumbled something and hung up.  I was disappointed, but I should have known better than to call her after such a long trip.  I worked for awhile on a short story idea I had, but couldn’t keep my eyes open.  It had been a exhausting day.  I needed sleep.

I slept soundly and without disturbance until after three in the morning.  I was startled out of sleep.  I was in no mood to be awake.  I heard the soft crying of a kitty.  My eyes were adjusting to the moonlight.  I could see nothing.  I heard it again.  It sounded like it was coming from the direction of the back door.  I carefully walked in that direction.  There came a muted pawing sound at the door.  I slowly opened it.  There, on the otherside was tiny ball of fur.  The little ball of fur wobbled past me and into the trailer and it hasn’t left yet.

Bunky swears he didn’t put the cat there and, I guess only Char knows who, if anyone or anything, placed him at my back door.  I named him “Char” because of the rub of black coloring across his nose, he’s mostly gray.  Char was much like Greaser.  He followed me around everywhere.  Char and Greaser were similar, only Char is a lap cat and Greaser was a shoulder cat.

Days turned into weeks.  December turned into February and another birthday for Christian.  I wasn’t invited to a party this time.  My only knowledge of what’s been happening at that home has been given to me through Carmen.  Apparently, not much is going on there.  Ruthie, I guess, has become more withdrawn from her family.  She never visists Carmin or her mother, nor does she invite them over for tea.  I sent Christian a birthday card and a note.  He never contacted me.  I didn’t think that he would.

Spring arrived with a thud.  Tornado season came early.  Two houses just outside of town were demolished.  I knew one of the families, the Grissoms , Mel and Helen.  Mel and I went to college together.  He and Helen were secondary teachers.  Their son, Zack, was killed in the storm.  He apparently was trying to get the riding mower into the garage when he and the mower took an early flight out of state.  There was no funeral.  There was no body, but a memorial service was being held at the high school.  Carmen and I went.  That was when I saw Christian for the first time in a year.  He terrified me.

Ruthie walked behind Mishok and Christian.  She looked emaciated and over-used. Obviously, she wasn’t eating and her hygiene did not look too great.  Her hair appeared matted and dirty.  Ruthie’s skin used to be one of her highlights. It now appeared oily and unclean.  She didn’t speak to me.  Carmen tried to embrace her, but Ruthie backed away like a frightened child. 

Mishok, tried very hard to cover his aging body.  Carmen said she thought he was at least seveny-five-years-old.  I would be mystified if he wasn’t ninety.  No, no, I wouldn’t be surprised if he was a hundred.  He looked almost mummified, like he carried the ages of the world upon his shoulders.  Mishok would have looked at home beneath a glass-cased coffin.  And, what was with his hands?  They seemed deformed or diseased.  But, yet there was youthfulness in his step.  Yes, youthfulness.  Maybe his youthfulness was a result of scarin’ the Holy Beejesus out of others, out of people he hated.

Christian’s back was to me.  I walked up to him and placed my hand on his shoulder.  He turned quickly on me, his face contorted into an animal-like snarl.  I jumped back.  His face turned normal again.  What was I seeing?  “How have you been doing, son?”  He winced as if hit with the word, “son.”  Christian’s physical appearance was quite good, unlike his little family of strangeness.  He looked strong.  He looked old, too old.  Christian looked to be a young adult of about the age of twenty-five or twenty-six.  

He looked at me with contempt, but stepped close to me and whispered almost inaudibly, “If you knew what I know, you’d get the fuck away from this town as quick as you can!”  I stared at him blankly.  “Do you hear me?”  I nodded.  “Take Aunt Carmen away with you.”  He glanced quickly at Mishok who was preoccupied with one of the sheriff’s bullshit stories.  He backed away from me and stood by his mother.  I stood stone still and frozen in time.  I could say nothing and from the look on Christian’s face he wanted it that way.

The ride to Carmen’s place was quiet.  She sensed something I’m sure.  She saw Christian talking to me.  “Are you okay, Tal?”  I sighed and put my arm around her.  “I am perplexed, just perplexed.”  We drove the rest of the trip to her house in silence, not uncomfortably silent, but still silent.

Carmen and I shared a cup of tea.  I was still having a difficult time understanding or even processing what just took place at the memorial service.  I was not going to be able to carry this baggage around much longer.  I told Carmen.  She sat silent.  She too was trying to process this information.  We felt, I’m sure, some kind of collective sadness far too complicated to interpret.  We also felt a collective fear far too horrible to discuss.  We were going to have to finally act upon our instincts, something we had been trying to dodge for the past several years.

“Carmen, there is something terribly wrong here.”  A statement of the obvious, something I was becoming quite good at.  What the hell am I, a sports’ announcer?  “Did you see your sister?”  She’s being abused, I have no doubt.  Either by Mr. Mike or by Christian, maybe both.”

“Tal, you don’t think Christian...?”

“I don’t know what to think.  You saw how he looked at me.”

“But, he warned you...”
“I know, I don’t know.  Why should we leave town?  What could be so wrong that we have to leave town?”

“I don’t know, Tal, but that Mishok creep gives me the willies.  His face looks wrong.  I mean, like somebody put it on with a  spatula.”

“Carmen, it’s all wrong.tentacleMishok has some kind of mind hold on Christian and his mother.”

“What are you suggesting?”

“I think he’s evil. There, I’ve said it. I think he’s the devil and I think Christian is special to him for some reason.  He watches Christian like he’s a dog on a leash.”  

“What about poor Ruthie?”

“He doesn’t give a crap about her, she’s played her part.”

“Meaning?”

“Meaning...meaning...Meaning that Mishok is somehow really Christian’s father.  I know how that must sound to you.  But, I really believe that somehow Christian is not my son.  I think Christian has very little goodness left in him, because of Mishok.  I think he gave me the last of his goodness today.  I fear for us Carmen.”

“Maybe we should leave, Tal.  Maybe if we left town for a few weeks, you know, head for Bangor, or Honolulu, or somewhere besides here.”

“No Carmen, I think maybe you should leave.  Look, Christian told me to take you with me.  He wouldn’t have said that if he didn’t think you were in danger.  For God’s sake, you’re his mother’s sister.  And, he knows how you are.  He knows that sometimes you bark when you shouldn’t.  I think he knows that one word from you or anyone else against his father Mishok, and they will be dead.  And, Carmen, I don’t need you dead.  I love you.  Losing you is not on my future agenda.” 

“But what about you, Tal?  If old man Mishok is as evil as you say, what do you think you can do to stop him?  Losing you is not first on my list either.”  She clenched her jaws in frustration but I could see in her eyes that she was thinking about it, weighing the costs.

“I’d like to think Christian needs me,” I said with uncertainty.  “I think you should pack your bags and pack your mother’s bags, and leave town.  Maybe you should try to get Ruthie to stop and smell the coffee.  Do you think she’d go?”

“I could try.  Do you really think that’s what we should do?”  

I thought for a moment.  I knew there was no other way.  Christian seemed scared, not child scared, but grown-up scared.  I resignedly lowered my head and my voice, “Yes.  I see no other way, Carmen.”  “At least take a small vacation and keep in touch.”  “Maybe until things calm down, or at least until I get all this figured out.”  I added.  “If that’s possible.”  I gathered her up in my arms and she held me tightly.  I could feel her crying against me.  I looked beyond her and out the window into the night.  What lay ahead?  I shuddered with a fear I was becoming too familiar with.  I felt the night closing in on me, gripping me much the way I was holding Carmen.  Would it ever let go?

Chapter Twelve

Mishok crouched before his Master, weak with fear and with age.  Time had worn him thin, time had beat him down.  He hunched even closer to the tunnel floor.  He could only see the muted blue haze that surrounded the Master, for no one could look into his face without suffering.  Was this not the same throughout the eternities?  Did not his Master rule the earth for a time?  Did not God loosen his Master’s shackles for a spell to tempt and sway these frail beings for whom Mishok had so much contempt?  Was Mishok not the son of another Mishok and was there not a Mishok before him, and on it went, a genetic rite of passage echoing through the centuries.
“Mishok, is Mishok the Younger ready for the crossing?”  Mishok nearly convulsed with fear.  His Master’s voice was the voice of a thousand miseries.  He could smell the misery that hung in the blue haze surrounding his Him.  Was the Master not called Legions by some, Satan by others?  Did He not possess a thousand names, a thousand identities, and a thousand sorrows? “Mishok?”  He crouched until his forehead had touched the surface of the concrete.  “No, my Master, the Crossing comes slow.”  “But, the young one will soon learn.”  The blue haze drifted slowly into nothingness and Mishok was left alone.  He could feel himself losing strength.  The Crossing would have to happen soon.

***

Christian was lying on the floor next to his bed.  Michael had his tentacle wrapped snugly around Christian’s crotch.  “You little motherfucker!  You talked to that piece of Cowshit, didn’t you?”  Didn’t you?  I could feel it.”  I knew it.”  He loosened his hold on the Christian’s crotch, but with frightening swiftness hammered Christian’s nose, breaking the tender cartilage with an audible crunch.  Tears welled automatically.  Christian cried out, Mishok shoved a tentacle into his mouth with lightening speed.  “You listen to me you putrid little piece of dog shit. You will never talk to Mr. Cowshit again.  Tonight, I teach you to Cross.”  

Christian cowered, trying to scoot himself under the bed as Michael withdrew the tentacle from his mouth.  Christian grabbed a pair of socks and pressed them tightly to his nose, trying to stop the bleeding. “Fuck, man, you didn’t have to break my nose.  So what if I told my old man to get out of town?  What’s any of this got to do with him?  And, what is this Crossing shit?” 

Mishok stared in disbelief at this little man.  “I will teach you tonight.  We will walk together tonight.  I will show you the world that will soon be yours.”He thought for another moment, looked at the young boy, but said no more.  Mishok for the first time in his existence questioned himself.  Did he have the strength to carry on with this task?  Was this young monster too much for even him, Mishok the Wise One?  He stepped over the puddle of urine that the young cub had expelled in the middle of the floor.

***

I had friends at the newspaper office and needed information and once in awhile his friends were kind enough to furnish it.  Of course, I would pay dearly for this information when fundraising time rolled around.  Let us not forget that Big Dirk Benson was not only the front office editor of the Crossing Trumpet, but was also on the Board of Trustees for the county.  When everyone calls him “Big” Dirk Benson they literally mean big.  Dirk stood about six feet, four inches and weighed no less than 350 pounds.  Thank God he was a good natured man, if not, he would be pretty damn intimidating.  As he is, he still can appear damn formidable.  But, over the phone Big Dirk was a pussycat. 

“Hey, Dirk, Tal Massey here, how things shakin down at the old Trumpet?”
Dirk chuckled.  “Which trumpet we talkin’ ‘bout?”
“Not the one you’re thinkin’ about.  Everyone knows that that one’s too small to shake.”  He bellowed a belly laugh on that note.

“What can I do for ya, Tal?  God knows, ya didn’t call to talk about either one my trumpets.”

“You read me like a book.  Dirk, there’s a new fella in town.  Well, he’s not really that new.”

“Tal, you talkin’ about that ugly ol’ fart that’s been hangin’ around your ex’s place?”

“One in the same.”

“No one knows him.  But, his money’s good as anyone’s.”

“Do we know how he gets his money.”

“Sure, owns a jewelry store down on Canal St.”

“You’re a saint.”

“You know a lotta folks say you should blow trumpets for saints.”

“Get outta here.”

So Mishok has a business.  Maybe it was time for him to check out those new earrings Carmen has been wanting.Just as Tal was getting out of his chair, the phone rang.

“Hey, Dirk here again.  One item about Mr. Mishok that might be of interest to you, on the old guy’s application for a small business license, he claimed Kenosha, Wisconsin as his previous address.  Does that ring any bell for you?”  I thought for a moment and just maybe it did ring a bell, but I couldn’t place why it sounded familiar to me.  “No, I can’t say that it does, but I sure appreciate the information.”

“Tal, I know it’s none of my business, but is there something going on that I can help you with?”
“Well, I appreciate it Dirk, but right now I can’t make it any of your business, but if you think of anything else please call me.  And, I appreciate your offer.”  I meant it.

“You be careful, Tal.  See ya.”
“Bye.”  I hung the phone up and took a deep breath letting it seep slowly out of my mouth.  Kenosha?

***

I drove to Canal St. not knowing what to expect.  Canal Street is a historical section of Lordes Crossing and the hopes of the city planning commission lie in this three square block district of the city.  Many Tuesday night meetings were spent in City Hall discussing how to enhance the value of space on Canal Street.  My stomach was turning in synchronization with my car wheels.  I had a general idea of where most of the profitable businesses were on the street, so I went there first.  No luck.  From now on it would be potluck.  I drove and randomly looked at buildings.  I finally found the place.  On the corner of Canal and Market stood the remains of the old Funk Furnace Company building.  Next to it, almost in rubble, stood (I should say leaned) an old red brick building with a marble-like facade. A sign propped somehow inside the window simply stated “Jewelry.”

I parked my car a few spaces away from the front of Mishok’s store.  I walked slowly to the door, tried to open it, locked.  I cupped my hand over my eyes and tried to peek in the window, but could see very little.  The windows had not been washed for a very very long time.  Fact is I don’t think the Mishok jewelry business had been open for quite some time.  There were no display items, no rotating display cases showing gold plated watches for Him and Her.  I walked around to the side of the building.  Slightly jutting out from the wall was a wooden structure that looked like an alcove covering a slight incline of stairs.  The wooden steps didn’t look safe, but I cautiously tried them.  Under the cover of the alcove I couldn’t be seen, if anyone was looking.  Something told me no one had looked at this building for a long time.  I pulled on the metal door latch, it noticeably moved.  I pulled some more and was startled when the door creaked open without a struggle.  I stepped in.

I walked into a dark, dungeon of a room.  It was raven-dark, my eyes were not adjusting.  I moved slowly, almost in a shuffle, for fear of falling into something or worse yet, touching something.  I will never forget the smell.  It was the smell of ages, that musty, sooty odor from a century of neglect.  

I had no choice but to begin groping for something solid to hold on to.  I found a wall and I finally saw light in front of me.  I was in a small hallway leading to the front of the store.  The floor moaned as I made my way to the sales area, no one was home.  I quickened by steps, my heart began to race, I saw something that made my mouth suddenly dry and my stomach turned.  I tried to hold it, but couldn’t.  I fell to my knees and began retching.  There before me in a rotting pile were bones, partially decomposed.  I didn’t get close enough to see, but they appeared to be small, maybe small animals.  I couldn’t stand the smell, sickening sweet smell of decomposition.  

I ran toward the front door.  Thank God it was locked only with a latch lock. I quickly unlatched it and swung the ancient mechanism inward.  I ran out to the sidewalk, gulping a deep breath of fresh air.  I had been sweating and the pungent odor of death mixed with my dampness almost made me retch again.  No one was around, so I walked weakly to the car.  I turned for a brief moment and stared at the old ruins, wondering what the hell I had just seen.  When my strength returned I got in my car and slowly drove away from Mishok’s strange hideaway.

  Gee, why didn’t this whole incident surprise me?  The partially cracking facade of this old building could be analogous to the old man himself.  His facade was beginning to literally crack and the pancake makeup wasn’t going to hide his true identity much longer.  I dread the day when I must behold the ruins beneath Mr. Mishok’s poorly cared-for face.

I drove away from the Canal Street zone and headed to the river again.  Char was in need of a kitty litter change, some good tuna kibble, and some good company.  I needed to make some phone calls.  Besides, I had been in town much too long.  It was time to sit next to the river and think.

Apparently Bunky saw me pulling in my drive.  He was walking out to greet me.  “Hey, catfish are bitin’.”  Bunky lit his pipe and inhaled a stream of white smoke.  It’s the first time in about ten years I wished I had a cigarette.  It’s funny how that works.  You overcome the physical addiction, but the mental thing hangs in there seemingly forever. 

 “Man, I’d like to, but I think the fan blades are about to hit the proverbial poop.”

“Well now, maybe you should step into my parlor and discuss this matter.”

“Maybe later.”  Hey, what the hell’s that bulldozer doin’ up there above my place?”

“We’re gonna get a new trailer.”

“A new neighbor?”

“No, just a trailer, I got a helluva deal on another ol’ Holly Hill, same color as yours, rust.”  Bunky chuckled and headed to his shed to grab a pole.  “If you change your mind and wanna talk, come over.”

***

Char crawled all over me.  His purr was running with excitement.  I gave him as much attention as a cat can stand.  He jumped off me to the floor and headed for his waterin’ hole.  I called Carmen.  She was home.  There was an edge in her voice that told me her mother was with her and that she wasn’t going to be able to discuss certain topics.

But, I needed to talk.  She skillfully and diplomatically told me to call her back in about an hour.  I hung up, anxious.  A question was gnawing at me, Kenosha.  Yes, Kenosha, Wisconsin was gnawing at me.

I booted up my computer and connected to the internet, unsure of what I was hunting for.  

I searched first for the name Mishok and found nothing.  I had an idea and began another search.  I scanned articles on Satanism, but they didn’t tell me much I didn’t already know.  So what was I looking for?What had Ruthie told me the day after giving birth to Christian.  Something about...”I have crossed,” or “we have crossed?”  At the time I figured she meant something metaphysical, like, “we have crossed too many bridges” or “we will cross that bridge when we come to it.”  Maybe that wasn’t what she meant at all.  I cursed at Char, “What the fuck am I searching for?”  Char arched his back and darted across the floor, slipping easily under the couch.  I threw a pencil at him and missed by a mile.  This was getting me nowhere. 

Just for the hell of it I looked for Satanism with a sub-search for “crossing.”  I stared at the screen, one article, three paragraphs.  It seems for a brief period in history, not real clear on years (maybe late1700s), a young preacher in Liptonville, Vermont was hung by his neck for preaching that he had crossed over to “The Other Side” and that he was a servant to Satan.  Apparently, Michael Mason, had herded a small flock of about thirty-five believers into a lean-to shed nearby and preached about his experiences with his Master.  Apparently, he wanted to gather his flock together and head west.  The townspeople, filled with fear, judged that the only thing to with the devil was to hang him. They did so and subsequently hammered a wooden stake into his chest.  Folks believed they had rid themselves of this sore, but for many years after his death folklore stories  made claims that a live animal was never seen on his property since the day of his death.  

I sat in silence and in amazement.  Was there some kind of connection?  I thought maybe I was fishing without much bait.  But, what about the pile of carcasses at the world-famous Mishok  finest diamonds in the land, folks jewelry store?  My thoughts were split by the phone ringing.


“Tal, you okay?”  It was Carmen.

“Sure.”

“Your line was busy.”

“I was on the internet.”

“Find anything interesting?”  

“Just so happens I did.  But I’m not sure if what I found means anything or even connects to this whole thing.”

“So, tell me.”  I did.  I also told her of my exploration of the ruins on Canal Street.
She responded, with a different edge in voice this time, “Tal, just what the heck did you think you’d find?”  And just what the hell would have happened if you would have fallen through the floor or something?  Sure, you tell me to get the hell out of Dodge, but you go risking life, limb, and body, at a crumbling animal mausoleum on Canal Street.  What’s with that?”  

I waited until there was a gap of silence.  “Carmen, I need to know about your brother.”  Now there was a definite gap of silence.  

The edge was gone in her voice.  “My brother, why do you want to know?”

I didn’t have a solid reason.  “I don’t know.”  “There may be some kind of connection.”  “Didn’t you tell me once that your brother was living in Wisconsin?”

“Wait, wait... wait a minute.”  “What do you mean a connection?”

“Dirk Benson said that Mr. Mishok listed his previous address as Kenosha, Wisconsin on his application for starting a new business in town.  Some business, huh?”

Carmen was silent.  She acquiesced, “Terry Joe is in Kenosha.”  Now it was my time to be silent.  “He’s been there since his nineteenth birthday. Terry was diagnosed as paranoid schizophrenic.  He lives in a group living arrangement there. I’m the only one in the family who still visits with him.  Ruthie blocked him from her life years ago and mom isn’t able to travel much anymore. What would Terry Joe have to do with Mishok?”  I pondered the question, thinking I was probably at a dead end.

“Probably nothing, I just thought it was a coincidence worth checking out.”

“Do you think Mishok was investigating Terry, perhaps tracing his lineage?”

“I don’t know what to think, Carmen.  I guess I’m grasping at straws.”

“Wait a minute.”

“What?”

“The psychiatrist’s evaluation stated that Terry often talked about being ridiculed by Satan, that Satan haunted him.  Do you think maybe Satan really was haunting him?  How sad for Terry.”  Tal, we need to catch this son-of-a-bitch.  No, we need to destroy him!  I am going to go through mom’s papers and see if I can find that evaluation.  I’ll call when, or if, I find anything, okay?”

“Okay...Carmen.”

“What?”

“I’m sorry.  I should have talked this over with you before I went blundering in like some wild trooper.”

“You’re forgiven.  Now, let me get to my task.  See ya.”


Chapter Thirteen

Christian buried himself in the covers of his bed.  He knew it was beyond noon, but Mike had taken him somewhere beneath the streets of Lordes Crossing last night, and he was tired.  

He was beginning to believe that just maybe he was “special.”  The old man showed him places he had never seen before, places with some totally bad lookin’ chicks, places with cool beaches, and places with some really mean lookin’ guns.  Chris liked guns.  Mike told Christian that after he learned to “cross” he would be able to go to all those places with just a nod of his head.  He was starting to get excited about this “crossing” shit.  He practically begged Mike to let him learn last night, but the old man said that he would learn in “due time,” whatever the hell that meant.

Christian’s mother was getting really bad.  It made him sad to remember what she used to look and act like.  She was a puff of wind.  Christian didn’t think she could weigh more than seventy-five, eighty at the most, pounds.  Her cheeks were sunken, her skin ghostly white, and she rarely got out of bed.  He would hear Mike cussing her because she wet herself in bed again.  Christian could hate Mike if he wasn’t too scared.  He felt sad for his mother, but he also hated his mother. He loved and hated her.  He loved her because she was his nurturer, and it was natural to love your mother.  He hated her because she was too weak, because she couldn’t stand up to ol’ Mike.  But, then again, could he?

“Christian!”  He jumped when he heard the voice.  It was Mike.  There was something his voice that told him he better haul ass down the stairs.  Christian feared the old man, feared him “somethin’ fierce.”  The story Mike told him still caused the hair on the nape of his neck to stand on end.

According to “Mishok the Old” which he claimed to be called by his Master,  Lordes Crossing was, in fact, a “point of crossing.”  He said a point of crossing is simply a fixed point on the earth which serves as a crossing point from this life to the nether-life.  Mike said that there were only two such points in the world. One was in a small town in Russia named, Kovengrad, and the other was in Lordes Crossing, Indiana.

Christian told the old man he didn’t understand the nether-life idea.  Mike said that the nether-life simply was a place where people could party forever.  He said that his Master had, ever since time began, a representative who would wander the Earth gathering followers.  Mike said that it was God’s will that his Master be turned loose in this world, that his Master would rule this
world for a time.

Christian never went to church in his life, but his history teacher discussed many Biblical things with his class.  He told them the stories in the Bible held a great deal of historical value.  Mr. Hansin said that according to the Bible, Satan was put on the Earth to tempt people to follow him.  Mr. Hansin also said that Satan was pretty much a big shot himself, not to be reckoned with by mere mortal man. Christian knew damned well that Mike’s “Master” was either Satan or one of his main henchmen.  Christian also knew for a fact that he was now, as of this very day, folks, in a world of deep shit.

Anyhow, Mike had told Christian that he had been chosen among all children born in this century to replace Mike as the “crosser.”  The crosser held a very high position.  He was right up there with the big guy himself.  This possibility of power appealed to the boy.  Mike said that the average crosser lasted about 100 units.  He didn’t say what happened to the “average crosser” after those big 100 units, and he didn’t explain how long a unit was, but by looking at the old man’s face, Christian had an idea that a unit was a long time.  Nevertheless, partying for 100 years (or units, or whatever) sounded pretty damned good to him.  Not only was it the partying that excited Christian, but it was the idea that he was going to be able to keep a hard-on until his one-hundredth birthday.  He knew this was true.  Christian caught the ancient old prick humpin’ his mother one night.  It had grossed him totally out.

Mishok the Old continued the story.  Apparently, at the beginning of the nineteenth century Mishok’s predecessor had been one of the founding fathers of Lordes Crossing.  Of course, being a cynical thinker, Mishok’s forefather suggested the name of Lordes Crossing.  The “Lordes” part was for some guy who had gone down the Wabash River with a bunch of natives and stopped here to build a cabin, or a store, or something.  Christian forgot what the old man had said.  Of course, people merely thought that the Crossing only meant that this place was a crossing place for indians.If they had only known that this place definitely is a “crossing” point, but only for the biggest, baddest savage of them all.  Christian shivered with the thought.

“Christian, get your ass down here!”  He jumped out of bed, dropping his freshly rolled joint on the floor.  Christian went down the stairs two steps at a time.  At the bottom the old man waited for him.  He wasted no words, “She is dead.”

***

“You say there is no Master.  I say there is.  I say there is. There is.  You communist manifesto mother-rompers!  There is a Master who fucks my sister, who kills my family.  He says that I must go to the nether-feather-hinter-splinter land.  I won’t go.  Leave me alone, devil-child!  Keep that devil-child away from me!”  Terry Joe wanted the evening nurse, Faye.  She would make the devil go away.  Faye could make him go away.  

“I want ‘Okay Faye,’ okay?”  Terry began chanting, “Okay Faye - Okay Faye - Okay Faye.” He began hitting his head on the floor, harder, harder.  Blood began flying.  Each time he rammed his head into the floor, the blood splattered the dingy white wall of the single room apartment next to the mental health facility.  “Okay Faye!  Okay Faye!”  Terry grabbed the side of his bunk and reached under the mattress.  He found what he had been feeling for, a sharp piece of broken glass he managed to find at the back of tan agency van.  He wrapped an old handkerchief around the sliver.  Terry used both hands to ram the piece of glass into his eye.  He no longer screamed.  He fell on his back, never to be bothered by the Master again.  Little did he know that his sister, Ruthie, would soon rendezvous with him wherever it is sad people go after they die?  They would both inherit whatever the poor in spirit inherit when they have given up their struggle to be strong, their struggle to run from the devil.

***

Christian walked into his mother’s room and viewed something he would never forget for the next one-hundred-and-twenty-five years.  There, staring at the ceiling with jaws gaping lay his mother.  She did not look serene and peaceful like some people say the dead look.  His mother possessed the look of horror, the look of someone scared to death.  Christian gave a muted shriek.  He wanted to cry, but knew that he better not.  Now that he was alone with this...this.  He could not describe the man (beast) standing beside him.  But, he knew that now was not the time to show weakness.  Now was the time to show compliance, to kiss ass, as they say.

“Shouldn’t we call an ambulance?”  

The tentacle found its way around Christian’s throat.  He felt his eyes bulging beneath the stranglehold of his new partner.  “We ain’t doin’ shit!  You got that?  There ain’t no more ‘we’ shit.  You will call the ambulance! You will call your sexy little aunt, your hag-of-a-grandmother, and your faggot Cowshit old man.  You will take care of business, my main little man.”  Christian did as he was told.  He wasted no time calling the ambulance and everyone else.  He had no time to cry, no time to grieve, to mourn.  Christian Massey had time only to be afraid.

Chapter Fourteen

Carmen was in a panic.  She knew that the smart thing to do was to do as Tal had suggested, leave town.  But, one didn’t always do the smart things in lfe.  After all, if she had always done the “smart” things in life, she would not have married Lawrence Gepler.  According to her mother that woud have been the “smart” thing to do.  Lawrence Gepler of the famous Gepler, Gepler, and Holemen law firm was a real geek, but a rich geek, and he was her high school sweetheart.  Carmen did one very smart thing, she divorced the bastard after she found him in bed with another man.

No sir, Carmen was not one to do the smart things, she fell in love with Tal Massey.  How smart had that been?  Not only had she lost her only sister in this world because of it, but she had also lost the trust, and probably respect, of her one and only mother.  God, if only dad was here.  She wrestled with the idea of leaving town.  Maybe she should go to Kenosha and visit Terry Joe.  Mishok would never think of that.  In spite of Tal’s belief, Carmen didn’t think the ol’ Mr. Michael Mishok, devil, sister-fucker, or whatever he was not all that smart.  Maybe that was the right thing to say.  Put it this way.  Mishok was not “all-knowing.”  He was not God.  Carmen thought that just maybe the old shit made a few miscalculations.  The phone rang.

She answered the phone.

“Aunt Carmen?”  It was strange.  Carmen didn’t think she had ever heard his voice over the phone.  His voice seemed more hollow then his haunted, sunken face.  

“Christian?  How are you, Christian?”

“Not so good.  Mom is dead.” Christian sounded, for the first time, like a little boy, a lost little boy.

“Ruthie...dead?  How?  I mean...how?”

“I don’t know...she just died?”

“Christian, I’m coming over to get you!  Where are you?”

“I’m okay...I’m at home, Michael is here.”

“Where’s your mother, where did they take her?”

“The ambulance took her to the hospital, but she was dead before they got here.” He paused.  “Aunt Carmen, don’t come over...I mean Michael is taking good care of me.  I think Michael has already talked to Schmidt’s Mortuary and made...uh...arrangements.  Listen, Michael wants me to help him gather mom’s things, I gotta go.”

Carmen collapsed in her chair in disbelief.  Poor Ruthie, she had received a cruel blow from life.  She believed Tal when he said that something  happened at the hospital on that cold February day when Christian was brought violently into this world.

  Ruthie was always the quiet one of the family, the most pensive.  She had a quiet intellect which was always the magnet that drew Tal to her.  Ruthie was the logical one of the family.  She weighed the cost and worth of every decision, no matter how insignificant the issue.  Ruthie, poor Ruthie, physically she withered; emotionally she had been destroyed by some heartless, cruel son-of-a-bitch.  Carmen could hold the tears no longer, her body shook with grief.  The phone rang.

***

I received a similar call.  Christian matter-of-factly told me that his mother had just died.  He repeated to me that Michael had taken care of the “arrangements.”  I was concerned about those “arrangements” and asked Christian to please let me speak with Mr. Michael.  Christian told me Michael was lying down and couldn’t be bothered.  I wasn’t going to argue with the boy on the day of his mother’s death, but it was quite obvious he was lying to me.  I asked Christian if I could come over to pick him up, thinking that I could be of some support to him, he quickly rejected the idea.  

Ruthie was a dead woman from the day of Christian’s birth.  I knew that.  I knew it as sure as I am sitting here telling this story. I knew it as sure as I knew Mishok was a dark warrior, a dark man with dark powers.  Her mind and body had been altered by something more powerful than I could imagine.  I needed to go back to that broken-down jewelry shop.  I felt sure the answer was somewhere in the midst of that pile of rotting flesh and bones.  But first, I needed to talk with Carmen.

“Carmen, are you okay?”

“Tal, somehow that question doesn’t seem too germane right now.”  She said bitingly, holding back a thousand different emotions.

“I’m sorry.”
“Me too.  Listen, I’m heading over to mom’s place.  She needs me.”

“Listen...”

“Don’t, Tal.  Call me later.”  She hung up.  I felt like shit.  When Carmen felt like shit, I felt like shit.  I put the phone down.  I picked up a flashlight before I went out to my car.  Char ran around to the side of the trailer before I could put him inside for the day.

***

It was mid afternoon by the time I reached the collapsed section of Canal Street where Mishok’s store barely stood.  It looked worse than when I originally was there.  I was surprised to see two city police cars sitting in front of the place and the front doors wide open.  The  policemen, Jerry Storke and Jim Boston, were watching as an older man, Tom Weaver, nailed a large sheet of plywood into the doorway, Tom was the local handyman (Carmen always said he was the handsy man).  They were belly-laughing about something when I walked up to them.  “Hey guys, closing down another crackhouse?”  

Jerry chose to be the spokesperson.  “Well, if isn’t the bird watcher.  What the hell you doin’ here.”
“Watchin’ a couple of crows.”  I couldn’t resist.  “Actually, I was told I could find a Mishok’s Jewelry around here.  You guys know where that might be located.”  
“Well, this ain’t the place.  This place has been on the chopping block for about two years now.  Fact is, I don’t recall ever hearin’ of such a place, how about you, Jim.”  Jim shook his head.  “As you can see we’re barrin’ this smelly fuckin’ hole in the wall up.”

“Smelly?”

“You ain’t shittin.  Some bum apparently skinned himself a cat for supper, but couldn’t finish the meal.  Man, what a stink.”  Tom was putting the finishing touches on the new blockade when Jim and Jerry got another call on their radios.  They left abruptly.  Tom had a puzzled look.  “You know something, Tal.  There’s something wrong here.”

“How do you mean?”

“Well, it seems to me a bum wouldn’t have no cause to rip a cat from ass to nose.  I’ve known some bums.  There ain’t none of them that cruel.”

“Could it have been kids?”  I asked, knowing it wasn’t kids.

“Always possible, but they musta been some real mean muthas to have done somethin’ like that.”

“I don’t know, Tom.  There’s some real mean muthas out there I think.” I quickly changed the subject.  “Tom, you think I could go in there and have a look-see?”

“It’s not my building.”  He winked at me.  “Goofy cops, they don’t know the side door is as open as the front one was.  Help yourself, none of my business.  They just pay me and I do what they tell me.”

Tom finished up and left in his little white pickup.  I went through the side door.  Having the flashlight helped.  The anteroom that I had groped around in on my first little visit to this neck of the woods became much easier to maneuver through.  The hallway was bare.  The whole store was bare except, of course, for our furry little dismembered friend on the floor.  

The sun was reaching deeper into its western sleeping place and shadows became blended with the darkness of this dismal shack.  I shined my flashlight on the torn animal on the floor.  It was indeed a cat.  I could make out its black and white variegated face.  It looked similar to Greaser before some son-of-a-bitch skinned my old friend.  I stared at the cat.  I could feel my pulse racing.  My stomach began to hatch butterflies.  “Greaser?”  I heard my own voice cry out.  I looked again at the Greaser-looking creature.  It began moving and hissing at me.  It began gathering itself together like a movie in reverse.  I then heard it.

“So, you’ve finally found me.  Are you pleased with what you see, Cowshit?  Are you ready to meet your untimely death?  You humans are easily read.  I knew you could not resist coming here.  You’re a little like Greaser, you know.  Isn’t that what you called this little disemboweled creature before he met his, shall we say, untimely death?”  The creature began walking toward me, hissing almost like a snake instead of a cat.  “Cowshit, you have put your nose in one too many cow patties.  Now it’s time to cut it off to spite your face.”  It laughed horrifically and leaped, clawing deeply into my neck.  The creature wrapped itself around my throat and began strangling me. I grabbed the Greaser look-alike by its head and began squeezing with all my strength.  I heard crunching and finally a releasing of its claws.  I threw it against the wall and it made a thud like a softball slapping against cement.

The creature did not move.  It did not speak.  I shined my light toward the area where it should have fallen, it was not there.  I knew that I wouldn’t be able to exit through the front doors because of Tom’s plywood blockade, so I slowly backed up from the incident scene, turning slowly in semicircles afraid of another attack, it didn’t come.  I carefully closed the side door and walked toward my car.  By then darkness engulfed Canal Street and the first snow of the season was filtering through the sky.  At that moment Lordes Crossing was a portrait of soft, muted hues of peacefulness.  I made my way cautiously to the car.  I unlocked the door and almost gagged when I saw the remaining carcass of a cat.

I gasped.  Afraid the cat might rematerialize into a hissing creature, I slammed the door and stood outside of my car and stared at the remains of Greaser.  I thought aloud, “How did he get...?”  I knew the answer.  Just how in the hell do you think he got here, the tooth fairy? I felt myself getting angry, Mishok had violated my privacy, violated my mind, and intruded on my existence.  Now, the son-of-a-bitch murdered my ex-wife.  That’s right, murder.  I didn’t give a good fuck what the autopsy might have stated, but Mishok slowly drained the life out of Ruthie.  He somehow introduced his genetics into our newborn or he injected his genetics somehow while Christian was still in his mother’s womb.  But, any way you look at it, he made total chaos out of the lives of three people.  No, that wasn’t right.  What about the lives of Carmen, her mother, her sister, and their brother? 
Chapter Fifteen


The phone rang a second time.  This phone call was like an unwanted call from an ex-lover.  This phone call was an echo in the night.  It was the Kenosha Mental Health Center, Kenosha, Wisconsin.  Carmen felt her reality slipping away.  All things normal suddenly seemed like some surreal painting that changes its obscene colors every time you look at it.  Carmen needed Tal more than ever.  She picked up the phone, but just as she was about to dial, there was a tapping on her door.  Carmen looked at the kitchen clock, it was 7:15 p.m.  Her mother was home in bed, having taken a sedative, Tal was predictably feeding his cat, and Ruthie and Terry Joe...we know where they’re at.  She quietly went to the front door and looked through the peephole.  It was Tal.  Carmen had never been this happy to see Tal since she had known him.  She swung the door open and jumped into his arms.

“Whoa.  What’s up with this?”

“Tal, it’s Terry Joe...he’s dead.” Carmen heard herself saying it, but couldn’t believe she was saying it.

“You mean your…?”

“Yes.”  

“How?”  

“They said that he was getting worse for the past week.  They found several of his psychotropic medications under his mattress.  Apparently Terry Joe was cheeking his meds then saving them under his mattress.  They are narrowing it down to what nurse administered those medications to him.  You see, Terry was famous for not taking his medications.  He would stop taking them and then began a slow deterioration.  The nurse responsible for giving him his meds was also responsible for making sure he swallowed them.  Anyhow, Terry apparently had also been saving a long sliver of broken glass.  Tal, he rammed the glass into his brain, through his eye.”

“Oh God, does your mom know?”

“No, she’s home in bed. Her doctor gave her a sedative.  I’m afraid this will kill her.”

It did kill her.  Not the news of Terry’s apparent suicide, she never found out.  It was the sedative.  Well, actually she had a heart attack in her sleep.  The coroner thought the sedative only weakened an already weak pulse.  Poor Carmen found her mother in the morning when she was going to pick her up to visit the funeral home, three deaths in one day.  Three members of one very small, fragile family were dead.  Was it some kind of crazy coincidence?  I doubted it.  But, I kept my doubts to myself.  There is a time to talk and a time to listen.  This was one of those listening times.  I needed to suck all my questions back into my memory banks.  I needed to help Carmen.  I needed to be strong.  There were decisions to be made, decisions I never before had to make.  For the next several days I became Carmen’s mouthpiece.  I answered insurance questions, coffin questions, flower bouquet and wreath questions, clothing questions, personal items questions, and questions about questions.  But, I did not fail Carmen.  She had never failed me.  Love does not fail, only people.

***

Christian moved silently behind Michael.  The tunnel was dank and dim, and uninviting.  It seemed that they had been walking several blocks before they made a quick turn at a corner that appeared to go nowhere.  He saw the old man physically change.  Christian had seen this before.  Michael was able somehow to change shapes.  He once told Christian that he too would be able to change his form to fit the world around him.  Christian at the time was unable to grasp what the old man was telling him.  This time the Michael grabbed Christian by his hand. The old man’s hand felt leathery and wrinkled.  Michael winked at Christian and said cynically, “If you let go little man you may lose those family jewels of yours.”  Mishok laughed and made a hissing sound.

The old man leaped and dragged Christian with him.  Christian thought for sure he was going to ram his head into the tunnel ceiling, but it didn’t happen.  Instead, the ceiling seemed to disappear and open into a vast cavernous black hole.  It was cold and black.  Christian could see nothing.  The only sensation of movement he could feel was a slight pressure against his forehead.  He had never known such blackness before. Could he now understand blindness?  Is this the blackness of death, the ultimate in blindness?  Had Christian changed shapes too, in order to go through the ceiling with Michael?

Suddenly, a slight popping sound, like a breaking lightbulb, startled Christian into consciousness, if in fact, he had been unconscious.  Almost as suddenly as the blackness appeared, Christian and Mishok found themselves standing in a large light blue room. A dim blue glow showered Christian’s eyes.  In the middle of the large room was the longest table he had ever seen.  On each side of the table stood dark blue arched-back velvet chairs, Christian was confused.  “Where are we?”

“My little man, we are at the Master’s Hall of the One Hundred.”

“Wow.”

“From this day forward you will come to this place and sit with the Great Ones in counsel.”

“The Great Ones?”

“That is what the crossers are called.  There are only one-hundred Great Ones in the entire world.  You will be one.”

“Will you come here with me?”

“No, I have reached my one-hundredth unit of time.  You my little man have been chosen to replace me at the Great Hall.  I will go to where the Ancient Great Ones go.”

“Where?”

“To dust.”
***

The next few weeks were strange ones indeed.  The town of Lordes Crossing buzzed for days about the triple burial out at the King of Hope Cemetery.  The Fords name had been around for a long long time in Lordes Crossing.  In fact the Fords were a part of the town’s genesis.  Carmen’s great grandfather started the First Farmers and Industry Bank of Lordes Crossing.  The Great Depression put Wilbur Fords out of business, but not out of touch.  In the early forties Wilbur and his son, Wallace, started the fledgling First Farmers National Bank which eventually fell prey to the larger conglomerate banks of today.  Though retaining the name First Farmers National, it remains a subsidiary of Bank Capital of America, and doing quite well.

Carmen moved me into her place for the next few weeks.  I continued going back to my trailer to write and to feed Char.  She wouldn’t let me bring Char in, because of the wetting incident between Greaser and her old alley cat a few years back.  During those chilly December evenings Carmen and I discussed her life and her family, and the why’s of life.  

Apparently, Carmen’s family name had not always been Ford. At the beginning of the nineteenth century when Lordes Crossing was nothing more than campsite for Indians and trappers, her great great grandfather Jonah Lorde  built a house-store combination and sold supplies to people traveling through.  Jonah’s name I remembered from history classes.  I, of course, had no clue that he was the forbearer of the Fords name.  According to Carmen, the Lordes were a Christian family and thought it too prideful to carry the Lord’s name, thus the change.  Ruthie never mentioned it.  Ruthie never mentioned much of anything to me.  

Through the empty days ahead Carmen and I discussed the possibility of a connection between her family name and their beginnings, and Mishok.  Would he have wanted them dead for some reason?  Was he holding some kind of grudge against the Fords/Lorde family?  Did they know something or see something they should not have?  We agreed that we knew Mishok had some kind of control over Ruthie.  Did he have the same control over Terry?  Had he driven Terry over the brink?  Perhaps the most clinging question, was it too late to save Christian from the likes of Michael Mishok?  Or, maybe the primary question to be answered before any of the others could be dealt with, what role did Christian play in Mishok’s evilness?

I ended up confessing to Carmen my incident in the old broken down store on Canal Street.  Carmen was horrified.  She was also angry with me for not telling the story sooner.  “Tal, were you, like, just going to tell me after he killed you?”

“Carmen, honey, you’ve gone through a lotta shit in the past few weeks, and I figured you didn’t need more shit on top of it.”

“I’m a big girl.”  She shrewdly changed the topic.  “We need to somehow get to the bottom of all this.  But how?”

“I’ve already been thinking about this.  We need to somehow get Christian away from the old man.  But, that may be very difficult, because Mishok seems to know every move Christian makes.”

“Tal, you said you thought that somehow the disembodied cat, dismembered, or whatever you want to call it, was actually Mishok, right?”

“Right, but what’s that...?”

“Well, I’m not a real religious person, but I do believe in God.  And I believe that only God can be in more than one place at a time.  I’m gleaning from all you’ve told me that Mishok is the opposite of God, right?”

I hesitated to make that declaration.  What did I know of God? “Carmen, I…”
“Just answer me, Tal!  Am I right?”

“Yes, your right.  As much as I hate to face it.”

“Okay, then.  If only God can be everywhere and Mishok can’t, I think we can develop a plan.   I say that one of us distracts the old fart, while the other interrogates Christian.  How’s that sound?”
“It sounds pretty fuckin’ dangerous, but...doable.”  We laughed, but I am sure we both felt the fear gripping our stomachs.  We became silent suddenly, staring at one another.  We embraced and didn’t let go, knowing that someday we may never embrace again.

***

A blue haze drifted across the swampy ground.  The creature stocking the small rabbit seemed oblivious to the larger creature watching him with glee.  For the larger creature enjoyed the sights and sounds of the hunter and the hunted.  He, himself, had once had the speed to hunt, ripping and clawing with the best.  His days were nearly over.  If he could feel sadness, he would feel it now as he held quietly watching the pursuing creature make one final leap upon the small rabbit.  The rabbit released its final squeal as the juvenile creature ripped its honed claws into the underside of the small animal’s fur, disemboweling it viciously.  The hunt was over.  Mishok felt somehow empty.  The hunting creature stared up at Mishok and gave a hideous grin and growled, “Is this the way to do it, Michael?”  Christian had made the change.  Mishok smiled.

Chapter Sixteen

Carmen and I figured that I would be the best choice to distract Mishok.  I was his most formidable enemy.  It was me he seemed to be most concerned about..  Was it concern, or fear?  I doubted Mishok feared anyone or anything.  But, if he feared no one, why then was he so concerned about me?  Did I have within my possession the ability to stop him, to destroy him?

Our plan was for me to go back to the abandoned jewelry store.  I believed the old building was Mishok’s headquarters, if that was what you wanted to call it.  I would go there in broad daylight and snoop around.  This time I would take a more powerful flashlight.  While I was there, Carmen would go over to Christian’s place and try to persuade him to leave, or loosen, Michail’s handhold on him.

***

I pulled in front of the collapsing structure.  I felt only dread and fear, no sense of adventure here.  I wore a denim baseball hat to keep the dust out of my hair and I carried a large lantern-type flashlight with new batteries.  I hoped upon hope that this would be my last trip to this broken down haunt.  

I slipped through the side door as I had done twice before.  I immediately switched my light on and made my way through the anteroom and hallway.  I cautiously walked into the dusty wooden crypt, shining my flashlight on the rotted walls, seeing nothing.  I quickly shined the light on the spot where I had seen the cat, creature, whatever.  Nothing.  Without warning I heard the whisper of movement, like rustling of leaves in an autumn gust of wind.  “So you’ve come back, Mr. Massey?  Have you not had enough?  What do you think you will find here, a way to defeat me, a way to learn about me?”  

My mouth opened but I was not sure the sound coming out was my voice, nor was I sure the words were mine.  “You will destroy yourself, Mishok!”  He made no reply.  “You are the father of self-destruction and soon you give birth to your own.”  Again, this was not my voice.  The voice I heard was the voice of age, the echo of hundreds of years of anger being forced out of my mouth.  “You, Mishok, will no longer be the hunter, instead, you will be the fox...and the horns of the hunter will soon sound for you.”  Still, there was no reply.  Had the old man left?  I shined the light on the wall where I thought his voice had come from.  I was unsure of what I was looking at.  A faint blue haze seemed to slowly materialize into a form, the form was human looking.  The form began to become clearer, like someone was adjusting a giant microscope.  The form became even clearer.  I put my hand over my mouth as I gasped.  It was my father. I screamed.  “You unholy bastard!”  My father’s form disappeared, so did the blue floating haze.  All that remained was a hideous echoing laughter that sounded as though it came from a different dimension.  I’m sure it did.

***

Carmen pulled her car into an empty space directly across from Ruthie’s old home.  She felt her stomach tightening with each step.  She pressed the doorbell and waited, no one came.  She pressed it again, same results.  Carmen tried the door, it was unlocked.  She swung the door open and shouted, “Anyone here?  Christian?”  She walked through what seemed to her a morgue.  What once had been her sister’s light and airy home had become a musty, testosterone-laden morgue.  She tried again, “Christian.”  She thought she heard something upstairs.  Her heart began pounding, her stomach turning.  She stepped toward the staircase.  

Carmen stood at the bottom of the stairs staring at the top of the stairs into the eyes of an animal, panting, snarling.  She froze. The animal did not.  It began slowly to step down the steps, not taking its eyes off of her.  Carmen did not move.  To move would surely have meant death for her.  The animal now stood on the bottom step at eye level with her.  It continued to snarl.  She cried loudly, “Christian!  Are you here?  Please help.”  Carmen was terrorized.  She began backing slowly up.  She knew Ruthie’s house well enough to walk backwards in.  Though the smell was different, no other changes were made in the living arrangements.  Carmen walked backwards with the animal following with its nose almost touching her.  

She was in the foyer and reaching behind her for the doorknob when a whisper seemed to wheeze from the animals large jaws, “Don’t come back Aunt Carmen, don’t ever come back.”  Carmen was out the door before another sound could be made by…Christian.  “Oh God!”  

***

Carmen drove through the snow coated streets of Lordes Crossing, her hometown, her nightmare.  She pulled into her driveway.  Tal’s car was there.  She felt comforted.  The comfort would end for both when they exchanged horror stories.

***

I greeted her at the front door.  I can’t remember Carmen ever looking so pale or so bewildered.  “Tal, we need to get the fuck out of Dodge.  Christian has become...”  She couldn’t find the word.  “He’s become evil.  I think he’s dead or something.  I mean, he’s not who we think he is.”  I fixed Carmen a hot tea.  She told me her story.  I was stunned and saddened, but most of all, I was terrified.

I told Carmen about my strange encounter with Mishok.  We were too hyped to sleep that night.  We were still talking when the sun found its way into the gray morning sky.  Carmen insisted that we should leave Lordes Crossing.  She insisted that it was bad karma to hang around here.  But, my contention was that if Mishok was able to get to her brother in Kenosha then he could find us no matter where we hid.

Carmen and I made an important decision that morning.  We decided that we needed to involve a third party.  We needed help, but who should we have contacted and who could we trust?  I suggested Bunky or maybe Big Dirk.  Carmen said “no” to both.  She didn’t think Bunky should be involved because he lived next to me and that could be a dangerous place to be.  I agreed.  She was adamantly against Big Dirk Benson.  “He’s too political.  We don’t want this to be a part of his agenda next November.”  She made another good point.  

“So who then?”  I finally asked.

“Corrina Harley.”

“Who, pray tell me, is Corrina Harley?”

“She’s sort of a Medium.”

“A what?  A Medium.  You mean she talks to spirits and all that shit?”
“Well, you don’t have to put it so crudely.  I think someone like her would be perfect.  I mean, let’s face it, her mental stage is already set for the supernatural.  So we would be doing her a great big favor by letting her in on this little atrocity.  Besides, I like her.”

 “But Carmen, this is not a light matter.  This is not talking to our dead uncle twice removed.  This is some dangerous shit.”

“How ‘bout I just take you to meet her.”  She looked at me with those pleading, blue eyes.  

“Okay, okay, but just to meet her?”  Those damn blue eyes.

***

Corrina Harley lived in an old white-washed clapboard, single story house.  She had every herb known to mankind growing in her overgrown yard.  Her fence was rotting and falling over, keeping no one out and nothing in.  Corrina was not what I anticipated. I was expecting a toothless old lady wearing long earrings and speaking with a Count Dracula accent, not so.  Corrina was really quite lovely.  She wore her auburn hair in a pony tail and she was fashionably covered with freckles.  Looking at her made me smile.  Carmen elbowed me into reality.

“I have been researching some of the information you gave me about your family, Carmen, and trying to figure out how the town of Lordes Crossing fits into all of this.  I feel certain that there is some paranormal connection.”  I looked at Carmen.  She would not look at me, her eyes picking out a crack in the floor to look at.

“You already told her?”  No answer. “Carmen?”  She sheepishly looked at me like a child who had just broken mom’s favorite flower vase. “Well...”

“Never mind.  Corrina, please continue.”  I took secret pleasure in Carmen’s discomfort.

“Like I was saying, there has to be some connection.  When your great great grandfather, Jonah, built his little cabin/supply store.  He apparently was having a rough go of it and sold half of his little business to a man of suspicious origins by the name of Rankin Mason.  This Mason fella...”  

I stopped her in mid sentence.  “Wait, wait.  Did you say ‘Mason’?”  I looked questioningly over at Carmen.  “Carmen, that name ‘Mason’ seems very familiar to me.”  The history came back to me.  “I know.  It was the name of a young man who was hung out east somewhere for preaching about a crossing place between this world and the world hereafter.  The town’s folk didn’t take to his preaching too well.  Not only did they hang him, but they also pounded a stake into his heart.”

All three of us stopped and thought about the implications and the possibilities.  It was like we had some kind of collective awakening.  If Mishok was here at that time, or perhaps a precursor to Mishok, the whole idea of a grudge game made sense.  Does the whole idea of a “crossing” make sense?

Corrina continued.  “There’s more to this story.  Apparently, Rankin Mason started preaching to the natives and tried to start a church in an indian village nearby.  He was preaching, guess what, that we could travel between here and there.”  I couldn’t believe what I was hearing, but what was I hearing?

“Between here and there?  You mean, from living to dead.”

“I’m not sure.  There really isn’t any documentation on that.”  

Carmen looked aimlessly out the window, “From this world to hell, then back.  Mishok can...now Christian, can travel between this reality to the reality of hell.”  Corrina and I stared at her as she continued.  “Don’t you guys get it?  These evil offsprings of Satan  for hundreds of years have been traveling back and forth between two existences, or two dimensions.  And Lordes Crossing however hoaky or crazy as it must sound must be the place they crossover.  It’s there bus stop to hell.”  

We sat silently for what seemed like several minutes, trying to understand what Carmen had just said.  I knew in my heart that what she said was true, but admitting it openly would be difficult for me, a natural born skeptic.  I began.  “Okay, okay, let’s say your story is true.  What does that have to do with his strange ability to turn into a cat...or...or...leave an animal’s claw in a baby’s crib?”  The claw in the crib memory jumped right in there, I couldn’t believe it.  I had almost forgotten it.  Corrina and Carmen listened as I told the story.  They were dumbfounded.  Corrina was excited.

“That’s it.  That’s it.  There has always been Indian lore.  Maybe I shouldn’t say lore.  Some groups or tribes of indians believed that there were gifted, or spiritual men who could change their appearance into that of an animal or other creature.  I think they called it ‘shifting’.  One story strikes my memory.  It seems that the white man had been hunting a renegade medicine man from some tribe in southern Arizona.  They finally had him cornered in box canyon, but he never came out.  The only thing that reportedly came out of that canyon was a low flying eagle sporting what looked like a beaded medicine sack clamped between its beak, and it was squawking at them as if mocking their stupidity.”  

I had a difficult time with this story and frankly so did Carmen, she expressed her doubt.  “Corrina, that Indian could have been anywhere.”

“There were two-hundred troops, Carmen.  The box canyon was small, maybe the size of two football fields.  You can’t hide much in two football fields without restrooms.”  We laughed.  We needed to.

We stayed at Corrina’s most of the evening. We decided that we would need to meet again in two days, and that we all needed to get certain livelihood matters taken care of before we went further into this adventure.  When Carmen and I left, snow had just started to fall.  Lordes Crossing was quiet, preternaturally quiet.  What humor and pleasantness that left with us soon disappeared when we realized that reality was waiting for us and we had no idea the evil plans drawn for us.

Carmen took a six-month leave-of-absence from her job at the hospital, citing grief and a long needed vacation as her reason.  No one questioned her reason, everyone understood.  After all, she had just lost three members of her family.  Who in the world wouldn’t need some time off.  Corrina cancelled several speaking engagements and seances.  I, well, I called Bunky to see if he would look in on my cat, Char, every once in awhile.  He, of course, said that he would.  Bunky had a key to my place and had a cat of his own. So food and water would not be a problem.  Our personal matters settled, Corrina, Carmen, and I decided to meet at Bob and Jo’s Cafe in the morning for breakfast, and to discuss what our next move would be.  I looked out of Carmen’s kitchen window, the sky had darkened and the bleakness of winter had set in.  I stared at the trees bending beneath the snow, hoping that this melancholy scene was not a prediction of our tomorrows.

Chapter Seventeen

Christian had become a “crosser.”  The old man spent less time with him and more time somewhere else.  Christian never asked “where else” mainly because he didn’t give a shit where the ol’ fuck went as long as he didn’t bother him.  The few times Christian did see the old man, his face had gotten worse.  It could no longer be covered up or hidden with make-up.  Mishok’s face was cracked in several places displaying a dried mummified-looking sub layer of skin.  The very sight made Christian want to gag.  It looked to him like the old man wasn’t going to be hanging around the house much longer.  “Goody, goody.”  He laughed loudly.

Mishok, in fact, was deteriorating.  He spent much of his time roaming the woods at night, reminiscing of times when he romped through the corn fields and soybean fields chasing field mice and groundhogs.  He had been a wild one, not a fuckin’ cry baby like his father, or his father before him.  No, Mishok had been his own boss and a loyalist to the Master.  He knew that his Hundred was up and soon the Earth would reclaim him.  At this moment, his biggest concern was the little whelp that was replacing him.  The cub, called Christian, reminded Mishok of himself in some ways.  But, the biggest difference between them was loyalty, the man-child had pledged loyalty, but had not shown loyalty.  Time would tell.  Soon, it would be out of Mishok’s hands.  If the child chose to be arrogant and disloyal to the Master he would pay a price, a price no one in this world could pay without pain.

***
Carmen looked at the glowing red digits, 3:13 a.m., and picked the phone up on the second fumble.  She was not awake.  “Hello.”  The voice on the other end of the line was not familiar to her.  “I’m sorry that I am calling you so late, but my boyfriend just passed out.”  “He usually passess out earlier when he’s been drinking rum, but today he could only afford beer.”  “Is this Carmen Gepler?”  Carmen was confused, still not working on full alert.  She hadn’t been called Gepler for a long time.  She hated the name she bore since her  ex-husband’s absence.

“Who is this?”

“My name is Patty.  I knew Terry Joe.  I lived in the same apartment building in Kenosha with him.   I live in an apartment now in Madison.  I still have to go to Madison State to get my medicine checked every month.  I’m schizophrenic you know.  At least that’s what they say.  I just think I’m gifted with an understanding of the higher laws that Jesus Christ and Charles Fizgerald Kennedy wrote.  My boyfriend, Bull, would kill me if he knew I called Terry Joe’s family.  He was jealous of Terry, still is even though Terry...”

“Patty, why are you calling me?”  Carmen interrupted.

“Because Terry was made to kill himself.”  Carmen was now awake.

“Is this some kind of sick joke, Patty?  If it is, you’ll notice that I’m not laughing, I’m not grinning, and I definitely am not happy.”

“Hey, don’t cramp on me, okay?  This ain’t no joke.  I’m being as serious as a motherfuckin’ heart attack, okay?”  Carmen came close to laughing at the woman’s boldness, but was beginning to think this was a legitimate phone call.

“What is it you want to tell me, Patty?”

“I was walkin’ down the hall Terry’s apartment was on.  It was like maybe 5, 10 minutes before one of the support workers went in there and found him.”

“Did you see him?  Did you talk to him?”  Carmen felt herself breaking out in goose-bumps.

“No, but I heard him talking to someone.  I mean I heard another person talkin’ with Terry.”  “It was a scary voice...sorta like...God in that Ten Commandments movie.  You know what I’m talkin’ ‘bout?”  

“Yes, I think I do understand.  Did you hear anything else, or see anything?”  Patty either didn’t hear the question or chose to ignore it.  “The God-voice told Terry that he was the first, Ruthie - second, his mother - third, and you would be last.  I was gettin’ ready to get the fuck outta there when I felt this cold breeze sweep over me followed by a blue foggy lookin’ light.  That’s when I fuckin ran back to my room and shut the door.  They found Terry right after that.”

“Patty, did you tell anyone else this story?”

She laughed.  “Who in sam’s hell would listen to the fuckin’ story of a schizophrenic.  I mean, Carmen, do you fuckin’believe me?”

“Actually, I do.”

Patty’s voice turned abruptly to a whisper, “Listen, I gotta go.  Bull is startin’ to stir.  That kinda rhymes don’t it?  I hope it,whatever it is, doesn’t get you.”  The phone went dead.  Carmen’s eyes widened with fear.  She looked over at Tal sleeping.  She didn’t want to wake him, but knew she must.  There would be no sleep for Carmen for the balance of this dark morning.

***

Carmen started the day early.  The sky was still dark.  She already brewed a pot of coffee.  This was the morning we were to meet with Corrina.  She was anxious.  I can always tell.  Carmen’s starts twirling her curls when she is upset.  I noticed.  “What’s going on, honey?”

“Didn’t you hear the phone this morning?”

“I don’t think so.  Who was it?”  She told me the “Patty” story.  I was puzzled and I was also frustrated.  Frustrated, because it seems our friend, Mishok, is controlling the world around us and we have done very little to stop him.  It’s sort of, I think, like watching a tornado destroy your home while you’re hiding in the milk house.  I expressed my frustration loudly, “What the heck are we going to do here?”  There must be an answer to this question.  Carmen sit in her straight kitchen chair and stared out the window, tears streaming down her face, my anger was not helping.

I walked over to her and put my arms around her.  I said no more.  This was one of those times when a man needs to keep his chauvinistic mouth shut.  I cradled her head and let her sob.  We stayed this way until we were rudely interrupted by the ringing phone.  It was Corrina.

I answered the phone, “Hello.”

“Tal?”

“Yeah.”

“I’ve got some more info.  Are we still on for this morning?”
“We’re still on.  We’ve got news for you.”  Corrina must have sensed the grimness of our news.  

She sighed and said, “Alright, I’ll see ya in about an hour.  Bye.”  I hung up.  I stared at Carmen.  She was blowing her nose and rummaging through her purse looking for her cosmetics.  She was much braver than me.  I’ve never admired her more than I did at that very moment.

***

Bob and Jo’s Cafe was always bustling.  I think every person in Lordes Crossing ate breakfast there at least once a week just to catch up on gossip and rumors. Delta seated us at a corner table close to a window, knowing that it’s the table Carmen always requests.  Water, coffee, and menus were brought in that order.  I ordered my usual, two eggs sunny-side up, hash browns, and two slices of bacon.  Carmen drank only coffee.  Corrina ordered biscuits and gravy.  She began the conversation in hushed, surreptitious whispers.  “I discovered where the crossing point must be.”  

I almost spit up my coffee.  “You...what?”

“I think I know the approximate location of the place where Mishok and his flock cross over to wherever they go.”  She became animated.  “You see, according to some old land deeds from the early eighteenth century Jonah Lorde sold Rankin Mason a piece of land, 10 acres by 10 acres.  If my calculations are close, this piece of land now sits partially on, and adjacent to your little Canal Street clubhouse.  It is also my guess that Rankin Mason and Michael Mason Mishok are genetically connected, or maybe I should say that they are supernaturally connected.  It would be reasonable to believe this location serves as Mishok’s little underground railroad for the walking dead.”  She had my attention, not Carmen’s.  Carmen was scared.  She hardly touched her coffee as she stared out the restaurant window. 

I pressed, “So tell me, Corrina, what do you think Mishok is here to do?”

“To be honest?”  

I nodded.

“I believe as you do that he is a messenger or a hit man for Satan.  There is no documentation of any known facts.  History did not record the fate of any of Mishok’s followers, or the followers of his predecessors.  My hunch, which seems to be the only thing I have in my corner right now, is that Mishok’s followers did not get together in congregations or groups and drive up to his jewelry store, walk through the double doors into Hell.”

Fascinated, I asked, “Then what do you think did happen with them?”

“My strong guess is that over the past 200 years, give or take a year or two that many spirit shoppers walked into that jewelry store, or whatever little chamber of nastiness existed there before.”

I smiled at her skeptically, “So Corrina, are you suggesting hundreds or thousands of spirits walked into one of Mishok’s stores to never walk out again, and this had been happening for 200 years?”

“I’m not suggesting anything I’m making one big guess.  I don’t know.  Maybe there’s another entrance...some kind of under-ground railroad to Hades.  And guess what?”  Not waiting for a reply she continued.  “Our young Mr. Christian, or somebody, is rebuilding that dilapidated old building.”

I couldn’t contain my shock.  “What?  I was just over there.”

“Well my friend, I drove by there this morning and a Marinto’s Construction vehicle was parked in front.  Some guys were out there with their tape measurers, and I’m sure they weren’t measuring their peckers.”

“Maybe they were just checking the area to assess how they were going to raze the old place.”

“Perhaps, but Marinto doesn’t do demolitions.  He does construction.” Corrina was out of breath and sipped on her water. She scanned the restaurant suspiciously from table to table.

I told Corrina about Carmen’s phone call last night, or this morning, from Patty ex-patriot of the Kenosha Mental Health Center.  

Corrina listened to me with one eye monitoring Carmen.  “Tal, I don’t think we should let Carmen out of our sight.”

“But, how do we do that?”

“Easy.  When she goes to the bathroom I go with her.  When she goes to bed you go with her.”  Et cetera, et cetera.”  

I agreed.  Carmen only stared.  I was becoming increasingly concerned for her life and for her emotional well being.  I left a three dollar tip for Delta and we left.  We walked out into a full blazing December day.  The sun was bright and snow was melting.  This could have been a beautiful day if things were only different, but the sinister spirit controlling our waking thoughts seemed to interfere with all our feelings of goodness.  Surely God did not create such evilness upon this beautiful planet.

When we arrived at Carmen’s, Corrina stood with Carmen as I carefully investigated the empty house, searching for...what?  What the hell would I be searching for, “shape shifter” in the form of a ferocious bunny rabbit, cat, gerbil, pigeon, or some other monstous creature?  Tal, remember Christian’s crib.  Remember the claw.  That weren’t no fuckin’ bunny rabbit, partner.  I looked through each room, finding nothing.  I gave the “thumbs up” signal and Corrina grasped Carmen’s arm and encouraged her to the front door.  Once inside, I locked and chain-locked the door.  Tal, baby, iffin that devil’s gonna come, ain’t no chain lock gonna hold him back.  I shuddered and went to the kitchen and put a pot of water on the stove to boil.  Corrina was trying without success to get Carmen to talk.  I made an attempt to intervene.

“Carmen, you can’t give up.  You are not your sister.”  I said cynically, “Remember, Carmen, she gave up.  She laid down and played dead.  Ruthie was an easy target for Mishok.  Sure, we know he killed her, but she helped him.” 

Carmen flinched as if I had slapped her.  She finally spoke.  “That’s not fair, Tal.  What about my brother, my mother were they weak?”

“Yes!  They were weak, Carmen.  Your mother couldn’t sneeze unless you were there with a handkerchief, and you know it.  As for Terry, I believe that something horrified him so badly that he climbed inside of himself and never came out.  He was a haunted man.  You, on the other hand, are strong.  You have always been strong.  I think Mishok, and now Christian, are skittish when it comes to you.  They might even be afraid of you.  Carmen you hold the key to this whole jumbled up horror story.  We need you.”  I pleaded.  Carmen looked at me uncomprehendingly.  She had never seen me quite this adamant about anything, with the exception of Greaser’s murder.  

She smiled and wasted no time speaking her will, “Well then, that being said, I think we need to leave this home immediately.  I believe we are in danger if we stay here much longer.”  Corrina and I looked at each other in disbelief and then began laughing.  
Corrina chuckled, “Welcome back Carmen, welcome back.”  Carmen did not smile

“I mean it.  We need to leave soon.”  

I heard the teapot whistling, “Anyone for tea?”

Chapter Eighteen

Mishok crawled beneath a tree.  This was his last night.  After this night he would cross no more.  He would become as dust.  His Master had promised him that he would walk the earth and never want for anything and that he would walk the earth, and never be weary.  His Master kept his promise and Mishok kept his.  He had brought many sheep to the slaughterings of Hell, many followers from all over this world.  Now it was time for the sweet, sublime rest.  Mishok knew it was his time, but still, he felt a kind of sadness.  He would miss the nights of stalking, running naked through empty forests, and thrilling with each catch.  Mishok’s time had come.  He was relieved “...but...the young cub...would...would.”  Mishok gasped his final breath of air.  Soon, all Hell would break loose.

***

The boy thought about his Aunt Carmen.  He loved her.  She was everything his mother wasn’t.  She was bold and decisive, and not afraid to speak her mind.  How would he handle this?  At the last One Hundred conference, Christian, now Mishok the Younger, was told to ward off anyone going near the crossing point, including his worldly father and his daring aunt.  Christian didn’t quite understand the words “ward off,” but he was pretty sure it didn’t mean “murder.”  The old man told him about Talbert Massey’s visits to the crossing and how he nearly murdered him, but didn’t have the strength to maintain his creature form, which at the time was Tal’s dead cat, so the old fuck did want to kill Talbert.  The old man had slowly been losing his strength as the Younger (the Master gave him this abbreviated title) gained strength.  The Younger wondered if there was a correlation between the two processes.

Mishok the Younger learned much from the old man he hated and loved.  He learned that a Crosser could shift, or change, his physical being into the form of any creature he chose.  The Younger preferred dogs and cats but the larger variety.  He enjoyed being a wolf, coyote, hyena, mountain lion, bobcat, and a leopard.  Of all of them he enjoyed the cynical hyena most, but it was the ancient hyena, the variety that thrived in frigid weather. He was so much like the hyena, merciless and violently thorough.  Mishok the Younger thought that life didn’t get much better than this.  He hoped his Aunt Carmen and Tal would not challenge this good life, but knew instinctively that they would.  That would be their mistake.

***

Mishok the Younger sniffed around the rotted tree stump.  He knew this place.  This is where the old man died.  The Younger lifted his leg and peed on the stump.  This was his hunting ground now.  He stealthily slinked to the drainage ditch opening.  This spot always brought him a morsel of food.  He could not help but urinate on the ground beneath the excitement was wild within him.  The hyena was strong and patient, not to mention, fast.  If only the old man was here, the hyena would rip him apart with his massive jaws.  He stopped and perked his ears and cocked his head to one side.  Ah yes, he could smell the fragile creature close by.  The hyena salivated uncontrollably.  He was the hunter.

***
The Department of Family Services representatives knocked on Christian’s front door.  Yes, it was his front door now.  He peeped through the cracked door. There stood a heavy, graying woman with a briefcase in her hand, next to her, stood a rather attractive woman, maybe in her twenties, blonde.  Chrisitan opened the door a little wider.  “Yes?”  The heavy lady spoke,  “Christian Massey?”
“I’m sorry, Christian doesn’t live here anymore.  His mother just passed away and he moved to Oklahoma to live with his Aunt Verna for awhile.”
The blonde chick was suspicious, “Are you sure that you’re not Christian Massey?”  She was pissin’ him off.
“Look lady, did you expect Christian to hang around this pisshole of a town after his mother, his aunt, and his grandma died?”  She wasn’t buying it.
“Could I see some kind of identification?”  She was really pissin’ him off.
“Sure.”  He reached into his billfold and pulled out a picture driver’s license, amazing how shape-shifting can help you get into places.  “How’s this?”  He handed it to the blonde chick.  She looked at it, then at him, intently.
“Michael Mishok?”
“That’s me to a ‘t’.”
The heavy lady spoke next, “Mr. Mishok do you by any chance have a forwarding address for Christian?”  He anticipated this problem.
“As a matter of fact I do.  As I said he’s in Oklahoma with his Aunt Verna.  Well, she really isn’t his aunt.  She’s actually a second cousin that he had been close to.”  Christian handed her the address of Verna Oberling, one of his shape-shifting friends in Oklahoma City.  
The little blonde bitch wasn’t giving up that easy.  Maybe he should pay her a little visit one of these nights.  “Mr. Mishok, I saw no record of a Verna Oberling anywhere in Christian’s family record.”
“Lady, I’m just here to drain the pipes and finish winterizing the home until the estate can be settled.  You’ll have to take it up with the authorities.”  He quickly shut the door.  He watched from an upstairs window as the ladies walked out to their government car, took one last look at the house, got in the vehicle, and left.  He screamed, “Shit!  Always someone getting in my  way!  Always!”  Christian realized that this ruse may not work very well.  He was definitely going to have to move out of his house.  The old  left him plenty of money.  He didn’t know how much, but he figured it was enough.  Christian began packing his suitcases.  He didn’t need much.  Hyena, as he liked to call himself, didn’t need many clothes.  Running naked in the winter forests at night only required hot blood and Hyena had plenty of that.

Chapter Nineteen

Winters in Indiana were not always predictable.  This winter was no exception.  Thus far, it had been mild with temperatures reaching the upper 40s.  Christmas was only four days away and the streets of Lordes Crossing were bustling with procrastinating shoppers.  Canal Street was especially busy.  It was tagged as a historical site twelve years ago and businesses have been playing that hand quite successfully.  There were quaint antique shops, tea boutiques, candlestick makers, bookstores, and homemade candy shops.  Also, there were the humming sounds of circular saws and the “poof” of nail guns as construction began on the new Mishok Jewelry Store.

Christian made few appearances in public.  He wanted no questions, no problems.  He had a job to do and he needed no grief or interference.  

Christian made several crossings to the other side since the old man went to his rest.  He went through the same tunnel that he had initially gone through with Mishok the Older and transported himself through the same ceiling of that tunnel.  He could never get used to the transporting process.  It always left him weak and feeling nauseated.

After Michael’s death, Christian began crossing and attending conferences in the Great Hall with the One Hundred.  Many members of the One Hundred were young like him, but most were older, like Michael. Each conference was a wild affair.  There were always naked women serving food, wine, and whatever pleasured members of the conference.  Mishok the Older had told Christian about the One Hundred, but like everything else the old man had told him, it came in bits and pieces.

From what he was able to assemble together he understood that each of the One Hundred were chosen before their birth.  They were born to “normal” parents, because Crossers were unable to reproduce, thus, birthing interruption had to occur.  This interruption occurred always in the third trimester of pregnancy.  According to Michael, birthing interruption merely was a matter of shape shifting within the mother’s womb by the Crosser. Needing a protégé to replace him, the mentor injected the womb with some kind of devilish serum, and “Wha-la.”  

Now, when it came to giving an explanation why Crossers were needed, Michael had been emphatic.  “Crossers,” he said, “are created to continue the unholy priesthood of the Master. They are here to gather followers.  Not weak followers, only the strongest.  Crossers do not bring their recruits across the ‘point’, only Crossers are allowed the power of transporting.  New followers cross the point spiritually after they physically die.”  

Christian didn’t understand this concept until the old man made it crudely clear, “Look you little fuck, we do not kill people and drag them across the ‘point’ into the gaping jaws of hell!  They go gladly.  They start their own churches and clubs to worship our Master.  In other words, Crossers have been put here to win the hearts of heathen spirits and convert them to the truth of Hell.  The only reason we go to the Great Hall is to give praise to our Master and to throw one bitchin’ party.” 

When the old man first introduced Christian to the Master, he could hardly make eye contact with Him.  The Master’s physical appearance was hideous.  And so, he never looked him in the eyes.  The Master made it quite clear to all the Crossers that he did not want any of them looking at Him.  He just wanted souls, the more the merrier.  And, it was up to each of us to decide the best way to bring spirits into his power. Christian knew exactly how he was going find “recruits.”  In fact, he had found his first possible enlistee, Rat.

***

Bernie Misert was known by his inmates at the penthouse, that’s what they called cell-block H in the big-house, as Rat.  He didn’t mind the name.  After all, rats could be damn mean, if cornered, but Rat wasn’t about to be cornered by anyone.  When he was in prison Rat was the go-to guy.  He was the man who got things done.  If a buddy needed drugs, food, sex toys, or sometimes, weapons, he was the guy to go to.  

Bernie wasn’t called the Rat because he was cute, he knew that. He was short, maybe 5 foot tall, but looked shorter because of an extreme curvature in his spine.  His face was thin, cheeks sunken, with a nose that hooked like a slow change-up pitch.  But, as he always told those asshole pimp-lovers in the pen, “Cute ain’t never paid for no new car.”  Bernie the “Rat” Misert liked money, and he liked it in large numbers, at least 5 digits at a whack, thank you very much. Needless to say, his new-found friendship with this young punk kid with the big bucks made his heart thump and pump.  The kid was a little strange, but he probably acted no stranger than how peculiar the gaunt, ex-con looked.

The “kid” wanted Bernie to find some jewelry at some cheap prices.  He said he wanted him to find a permanent supplier.  The weird kid offered Bernie a skim off the top which he calculated to be in the six-figure category.  Bernie liked six figures even better than five figures.  

He parked in the alley behind the old jewelry store just like the kid had told him.  He waited until precisely 6:00 p.m. and got out of the car and sauntered up to the old wooden, barracaded back door of the place.  The frosty night air was beginning to tumble into Rat’s bones.  He was starting to feel uncomfortable.  It wasn’t just the chilled air that was making him uncomfortable.  There was a strange looking dog-like creature coming towards him in full stride.  Rat froze.  The strange dog padded to within six feet of him and stopped almost instantly.  Rat flinched and looked away expecting to be attacked, nothing happened.  He looked back at the animal.  This is, by God, weird.  The strange kid was standing in the dog’s place grinning, a frightening grin.

“You’re early Rat.”  Rat wanted to respond, “and you’re weird, but instead, “I always try for the first worm and all that shit.”

“From now on don’t be early or you’ll get a worm up your ass!”  Rat wanted to tell the arrogant bastard that he would come and go as he damn well pleased, but something in the kid’s eyes told him to shut the fuck up and leave this spot while the leavin’ was good, with his pants dry and his head still intact.  Rat ate his words and his feelings, “I found a supplier.”

“Good.  The workers will be done with the reconstruction of my little store in two weeks.  Can you have an inventory ready for me by then?”

“Hey, there ain’t nothin’ the Rat can’t do.”
“Is that so, Rat.  Well then, if that’s so, how ‘bout gettin’ back in your piece-of-shit Ford Escort and get the fuck outta here!”

Rat looked over at his car and turned to protest...the kid had vanished.  He was beginning to think that his pants may not be that dry by the time he got home tonight.  Rat left.  The Hyena laughed and laughed, and couldn’t stop laughing.  He lifted his leg and pissed on a tree stump, snarling into the wind as if the wind was its enemy, maybe it was.

***

Rat normally didn’t mind living alone, but tonight was an exception.  He was having a difficult time shaking off the feeling that he was heading for some trouble he didn’t need.  Rat’s bare apartment seemed cold to him, he couldn’t get warm.  He turned his heat up a notch, but he was still chilling.  Tonight he could have used a friend.  Tonight, all his porno pictures and movies could not replace the human touch.  Rat needed some human touch.  He opened a can of beer and sagged into his recliner.  He wrapped an old blanket around his shoulders and shivered, outside somebody’s dog was howling at a cold and empty winter night.  Rat pulled the blanket tighter.

Chapter Twenty
Christmas was not a joyous time for Carmen, Corrina, and I.  We exchanged gifts and the usual social civilities, but the holiday spirit was absent.  I suggested we go out for Chinese.  The Houseof Wong was the only restaurant In Lordes Crossing open on Christmas Day.  Tom and Kim Wong were Buddhists and Christmas wasn’t on their major holiday list.  Corrina thought I was being blasphemous by suggesting dinner out.  Carmen liked the idea.  She didn’t want to cook, two against one equaled dinner at The House of Wong.

Predictably, Corrina began the discussion.  “We have no proof of anything you know.”  Carmen and I remained silent.  “We really don’t.  If we went to the police today and told them this fantasy story, they would laugh at us.  After, of course, we told them that we have no proof of anything.”  

I could see frustration building in Carmen’s face.  She irritably rebutted, “Corinna, I have three dead family members lying in state at the world famous Lordes Crossing King of Hope Cemetery.  I don’t give one rat’s banana whether we have proof.  Those coffins are proof enough for me.”

I agreed, “Carmen has a point.  This whole thing isn’t about proof, it’s about truth.  And, the truth is we saw what we saw, we know what we know.  I have a feeling that proof is the last thing we’re going to need by the time this dance is through.”
“I understand your anguish,” Corinna defended, “but what I’m trying to say is...there’s no murder weapons, no observable crime, and we really aren’t sure of what we’re dealing with.  I mean...it seems it’s all a hunch.  What are we trying to prove?  That old man Mishok, Michael, Manson, Satan, or whatever name he/she/it goes by is doing some mean things?  That he’s trying to entice others to follow Satan’s trail to Hell?  There’s no crime in that.  Let’s face it, Tal, when you were at that old run down building, Mishok could’ve killed you, but he didn’t.”  

“I don’t think he can kill.”  I replied.  

Carmen looked at me perplexed.  “What do you mean you don’t think he can kill?”

“I mean just that.  Influencing the death of someone and killing them aren’t quite the same.”  Mishok influenced Ruthie’s death before she gave birth to Christian.  He pushed your brother over the edge and inspired your mother’s final resignation from life.  No, Corrina, we have no murder weapons, but we do have damn good historical evidence that some suspicious shit has been going on in this little Midwestern hay burnin’ community.”  

“Tal, you’re splitting hairs.”  Corrina refuted, “Anyway you look at it, nobody has a knife in their back, a bullet in their skull, or rope marks around their necks, but there’s been no murders.”  

“You think they’re arrest the old fart for suspicion of influencing murder?”

Carmen was reading the paper, half listening, half reading, finally she said, “There is no old fart.  It says here in the paper that Christian is missing and that the old man is missing too.”

“What?”  Corrina and I said in disbelief.

“Here, read for yourselves.”  She handed me the paper.  My jaws hung as I read the article on page two.  Apparently, the Department of Family Services paid a visit to Christian after Ruthie’s death, because he had not gone back to school since his mother’s death. Their original aim was to discuss the issues with the stepfather, Michael Mishok.  Stepfather?   Christian posed as a maintenance worker and told the D.F.S. representatives that Christian moved out of state.  One of the representatives became suspicious and searched for a photograph of Christian.  She found one at school.  The maintenance man, of course, turned out to be Christian.  Evidently neighbors, probably the Balboas, said they hadn’t seen a light in the house for several days.  The police were summoned, a warrant was issued, and a search was completed.  There was no Christian and no old man on the property.  My stomach sank I was going to have to find Christian myself.  My hunch, however, was that Christian would find me first.

Carmen deliberated and said, “You know, Tal, the police are going to be wanting you to answer some questions.”  She was right, but I had no answers, just some wild supernatural ideas that I wasn’t sure I believed myself.

“Where could they be?”  I asked, expecting no answers.

Corrina interjected, “This is really going to throw cold water on our moving plans.”

Carmen questioned, “How so?”

“Think about it.  If we all disappear or move to another location, we could very well be considered suspects or something.”

I thought about this for a moment, “Suspects of what?  Christian and the old man may have gone on a small vacation.”

Corrina questioned cynically, “Oh yeah, then why the ‘maintenance man’ ruse?”

I had no answer.  Tal, you haven’t had many answers lately, you’re battin’  0 for 4.

***

Corrina and Carmen were right.  The police did visit us and they asked questions.  They also implied they hoped we wouldn’t disappear suddenly like Mr. Mishok and his son.  I flinched each time they referred to the old man as Christian’s father.  Not that I was much of a father, I wasn’t allowed to be the father, and, if my hunch was correct I really wasn’t Christian’s father.  That little feat of magic had been performed by the Great Magician Mishok.  But, nonetheless, I still flinched.  I still felt like Christian’s father, but I knew that I never could or would be.  A strange feeling engulfed me like smoke on a dry forest.  I had this feeling that Christian Mishok had become a man, a very dangerous man. A man’s whose disappearance was no accident.  No, no, Christian Mishok’s disappearance was no accident; it was a calculated happening, calculated by Christian Mishok himself.  The wind howled its way into January like a dog without a home.

***

The three of us, we started calling ourselves the musketeers, drove out to the country to my trailer.  I had bought some cat supplies for Char and wanted to catch up on my E-mail and phone messages.  I missed Char, but Carmen was adamant about not having another cat in her house.  

Bunky greeted us with a pile of my mail.  I bought him a case of his favorite imported beer.  He greedily opened one of the green bottles and began telling me about our new neighbor moving up from Florida this spring.  Bunky was excited because the guy had a flat-bottomed river boat with a 15 “horse” motor on it.
“Tal, I’m not sure a 15 horse will get him up this river.”
“I know damn well it’ll get him down it.”  We laughed heartily.

While Bunky and the girls talked I went for a long walk next to the river.  The air was brisk, in the low twenties.  The river is always busy, never stopping for anything.  I was feeling dreary.  I missed my little trailer and this little niche of my world.  Would I ever get back to living my old routine again?  I missed seeing the sun’s reflection on the rippling water in the mornings; hearing the ducks outside my window, hoping for some bread crumbs; and listening to the river’s heartbeat.

I walked further and further away from the trailer.  There was about a seven mile stretch of river between homes.  I was beyond the river bend below our trailer park.  I could no longer see my property.  The river became louder, its babbling was comforting to me.  Suddenly, I felt this strange impression someone was watching me.  I hastened my pace, but the feeling remained.  I heard the movement of air behind me, I turned quickly to look, my mouth went dry and my stomach turned, beehind me stood Christian.

“Christian?”

“Why are you looking for me?”

“Everyone’s looking for you.  Did you think you could disappear and no one would know it?”  Christian, you’re only sixteen.”

His mood was dark.  He looked so pale and so old.  Christian was no longer a child and I realized from my body’s reaction that I was scared.  I was alone with this child and felt like I was going to lose control of my body functions.  A man shouldn’t be afraid of a sixteen year old boy, but I was afraid.  Christian was dangerous.  No, that’s not right.  What Christian became was very,  very dangerous.  I shuddered.

“Talbert.”  He insisted.  “You and Aunt Carmen, and your friend, must stop searching for me.”

“Christian...”

“My name is no longer Christian.  I have become the new and improved Mishok.”

“New?  Where’s the old Mishok?”

“He has gone to rest.”

“You mean, dead?”

“Whatever.”  
“But, Christian...I mean, Mishok, it’s illegal for you not to be in school.  The authorities will keep searching for you.”

“They will never find me.  I have too many faces for them.  Talbert, I am not who you think I am.  I am giving you one last chance to leave, take Aunt Carmen and your friend, and leave.”  

“What if we don’t”

“Then, as you would say, I will ‘influence’ your death.”  He grinned a horrible grin.  I thought I saw spittle seeping from his mouth.  Christian...Mishok snarled like...like some kind of animal and abruptly turned and vanished into the underbrush.  I heard a strange laugher soon after his departure.  Laughter like the kind a wild animal made, like a monkey or a...a...Hyena.  The icy fingers of fear felt their way across my neck.  The winter wind eerily howled through the low tree branches, I shuttered and quickly made my way back home.  
  
Corrina, Carmen, and Bunky were visiting over at his trailer.  I slipped into my place, took a shower, and changed clothes. I sat down at my desk with a fresh cup of coffee and puzzled over what had just happened in the woods.  I needed to get Carmen and Corrina out of Lordes Crossing, not just out of town, but out of state.  There would be no room for argument this time, they were leaving.  I heard my trailer door open.  Carmen was by herself.  She looked at me and knew immediately something was wrong.  She had a knack that way.

“Honey, what’s the matter?”

“Oh, nothing.”

“Tal, I know better.  You look frazzled.  I’d say you looked as though you just saw a ghost, but anymore that seems too real.”

“I didn’t see a ghost, but I did see Christian.”

“What?” She asked incredulously.  I told her about my encounter in the woods.  I told her about Christian’s warning.

“How did he know you used the phrase ‘influenced death’?  How did he know that, Tal?  And if Corrina and I leave, what will you do?  I think we should all leave.  He will kill you, Tal.  And this time, I must be the one who says that ‘losing you is not on my agenda’.”  

Corrina walked into the trailer and caught Carmen and I in mid-silence.  We explained the story to her.  Corrina was not being brave.  She was ready to call the airlines.  I think her nerves were beginning to wear thin and the instinctive need or desire to survive was kicking in.  Corinna took over my computer and began gathering information on vacation packages, airline tickets, European tours, and Caribbean cruises.

She said humorlessly, “Look, I think it’s time to get out of Lordes Crossing.  Why would Christian...Mishok, or dog breath, or whatever you want to call him keep warning you about this if he didn’t think things were going to go sour?”  

I couldn’t argue the point. I agreed with her and added.  “I don’t think a brief vacation’s going to get it, though.  I think you need to find a temporary residence out of state, somewhere I can contact you, and somewhere around other people.  Isolation would not be good.”

Corrina echoed Carmen’s insistance, “Tal, you need to come with us.  You’re not stronger than evil, no human is.  He will not spare you just because you provided a sperm specimen for his Master.”  I knew she was right, but I knew I would not leave my trailer, my river.  

I lied.  “I’ll think about it, but in the mean time, get some tickets to somewhere and get the fuck out of town, okay?”

I couldn’t help but wonder, however, why the young Mishok kept warning me to leave town.  In my heart, I wanted to think it was because he retained some compassion or caring for his Aunt Carmen and myself.  My heart told me that if he didn’t still carry some feelings for us we would’ve been dead long ago.  However, logic told me that killing us would have drawn more attention to Christian, thus, drawing more questions from the authorities.  At that moment, I couldn’t trust my heart, gut, or logic.  At that moment, things unreal seemed real and things real seemed irrelevant. 
Chapter Twenty-One

Rat decided soon after his ninth birthday that getting things free was much better than paying for them.  He started his procurement work by stealing from his old man’s wallet.  His old man would come home drunker than a skunk on Friday nights, pass out on the couch, and sleep like death.  Rat would take his dad’s billfold out of his back pocket, take a couple of bucks, and stealthily put the billfold back in his old man’s pocket.  He was nervous the first two or three times, almost holding his breath throughout the entire process.  As years went by it became easier and easier to perform this little slide-of-hand trick, until of course his father was killed jumping on a boxcar (he was a brakeman on the railroad).  Not surprisingly, the word came in undercurrents that Rat’s old man was drunk and stumbled underneath the boxcar’s moving wheels, not a pretty notion.

In Rat’s early years of criminal pursuit he had many friends in his neighborhood.  Rat always carried enough money to take his friends to the Saturday matinee at the Roxy Theatre.  After his old man died Rat needed to find a new way to impress his friends.  He began to sneak into the Good Shephard Baptist Church two blocks away from his home.  Rat would sneak in through a basement window that was permanently disabled.  Once inside the church he would quietly climb the stairs, sneak into Pastor Dave’s office, open the good pastor’s desk drawer, and filch the pop machine key.  Rat would only take some of the nickels and dimes so no one would notice any large sums of money missing.  This worked for awhile until he went to the basement window one evening and found metal bars in place.  His days of attending the church pop machine came to a close.

Next, Rat began shoplifting.  This enterprise didn’t last for very long.  Rat lost interest in stealing candy bars and bubble gum.  By the time he was thirteen, Rat was sneaking into people’s houses and garages.  He became quite good at it.  He was definitely a loner by this age.  Rat liked working alone, no partner to fuck things up or to squeal on him.  He worked this way until he was seventeen.

He met Terry Gilslinger at a beer bash. Bob Richardson, Jerry Mitchell, Terry, and Rat met at a flooded stone quarry two or three miles outside of town.  Bob was twenty-one and was the only one who could buy beer over at Fast Wally’s Liquor Store.  Terry and Rat developed camaraderie almost immediately.  Rat decided he and Terry were of the same ilk, peas in the same pod.  Terry confided to Rat that he had been pilfering money from the hardware store he was working at as a stock-boy.  This made Rat’s mouth drool.  He finally had found someone who shared his anti-social views.  Soon, Terry and Rat started hangin’ out together.  They began designing “jobs.”  Their first “job” was to steal the hardware store’s money bag which was hid every night underneath a lawnmower on the show floor.  They robbed the money bag on a Saturday night, took off to Texas in Terry’s ‘62 Chevy.

It didn’t take them long to spend all of the hardware store’s money, $247.78.  On Rat’s eighteenth birthday Terry had bought a fourteen dollar Saturday-Night Special, 22 caliber pistol.  The very next day they robbed a liquor store in Austin.  Terry shot the owner, Rat escaped.  Terry was aprehended by the local rangers and was told that the judge would probably be inclined to be more lenient with him if he helped them find his accomplice, he did.  Rat received a two to five sentence.  Terry was given a suspended 5 year sentence, he had given the liquor store owner a wounded shoulder, and had sold his buddy Rat up the river.  Rat was furiously frustrated, but did the time.  It was hard time, very hard time.

In prison, Bernie “Rat” Misert, learned many things.  He finished his high school education, studied some law, and learned how to play the harmonica.  One thing he didn’t learn was how to take the “sweet boys” up his ass.  Rat was not considered fresh meat.  He had become an invaluable source for contraband and nobody fucked him or fucked with him.  Rat had status.  He was a protected species.

He carried his reputation with him when he was released from the pen.  He worked some of the big cities, Detroit, Cleveland, Indianapolis, and St. Louis.  Rat was living in Fort Wayne when he got a call from this strange kid.  He worried about this kid and wanted to get this  job over with quickly.  Why did he worry about this kid?  What d’ya think?  The kid’s a fuckin’ animal, literally.

Though the kid was a fruit cake, he was sagacious.  He knew exactly what type of merchandise he was looking for and how much money he wanted spend on that merchandise.  The kid was paranoid, though.  He would meet Rat in alleys and back streets, and always at night.  And, Rat considered every rendezvous a frightening experience which made his stomach turnover.  He never actually saw the kid walk to or leave their meeting places, and there was always that strange dog.  Rat’s skin crawled up his neck just thinking about it.

One good thing about this weirdo kid was his money.  The Mishok boy’s money talked for him, talked plenty.  The kid had given Rat seventy-five thousand dollars up front to buy jewelry for his store.  He would give him another fifty thousand when the job was done.  Rat knew he could get seventy-five thousand dollars worth of jewelry for maybe sixty-five, leaving him a cool ten for a skim, not to mention his 10% cut on the retail sales.  The kid was either generous as hell, stupid, or had a hidden agenda.  Rat was pretty sure that the latter scenario was more than likely the fact.  

There was something wrong with this whole project, he could smell trouble.  That’s right, he could smell it.  It was one of those sixth sense deals.  Rat developed this sense during his stay in prison.  He always knew when prison officials were on to something.  But, Mishok’s money was too tempting not to do this job.  Rat, after all, liked those five figured money amounts and, with luck, this job could turn into his all-time favorite six figures.  Besides, Rat didn’t much give a shit about his life and he absolutely could testify that no one else in this world gave a good maggot’s fart about his life.  So, why not go for it, Bernie the Rat, Misert had nothing to lose, and he more specifically had nobody to lose.  He was truly alone.

***

The construction boss, Frank Paski, was pleased with the progress of reconstructing the old jewelry store, no accidents, and no subcontracting delays.  Everything was moving smoothly.  He never met this Mishok guy, but that wasn’t unusual in this business.  Frank didn’t always meet the corporate leaders ordering construction of their factories, or grocery stores, but in a small operation like this one the owner was usually Johnny-on-the-spot at the construction site, no sign of him yet.  The only person that had come by was the little weasel of man, Bernie.  Frank thought this Bernie guy was some sort of a middle man, but he definitely was no lawyer, and he didn’t know shit from chocolate milk about the building industry.  Frank didn’t care he received his first of three installments of money, enough for buying building materials and to keep the pay checks printed.  Today, he was meeting with this strange weasel to receive his second installment.  This installment would help Frank pay for more equipment costs, with a little left over to stick in his personal little pot of gold.  This would be a good day for Frank Paski.

Rat parked his car in front of the boarded up fence surrounding the construction site.  He saw the big guy in a yellow hard hat that he had done business with the last time he was here.  The guy was walking toward him.  Rat thought his name was Frank.  

“Hello there, Bernie is it?”

“That’s right, Bernie Misert.”

“Good to see you again.”  They shook hands a second time.  Frank noticed that the weasel guy was nervous, looking around constantly, eyes darting like a snake’s tongue.  “Are you okay, Mr. Misert?”

“What do you mean?”  Rat wanted to get away.  He didn’t feel comfortable standing next to this big ox of a guy. He also had this spooky feeling of being watched.  He felt hot red eyes penetrating the back of his neck.  The kid was around here, he could feel him.  “Nothing...I’m okay.”  He lied, “I’m just not used to carrying one hundred thousand dollar checks around.  
Let’s get this over.”

Frank was happy to oblige, “Hey, sure.  We can go over here to my trailer office and take care of business.”  Frank led Rat to the trailer.  Once inside, Rat could feel the release of the gripping fear he felt outside.  Frank signed for the check.  He then asked the needed questions, “Are we on schedule, and, are the costs staying in line with the original analysis, etc. etc.?”  When he had received the satisfactory answers, Rat left the trailer and headed for his car no longer feeling wild red eyes on his neck.  The kid was gone.  Realizing that what he was thinking was pure insanity, Rat chuckled and began whistling a tune that he had heard on the radio earlier that morning, Hotel California.  Rat remembered some of the words, “you can check out anytime you like, but you can never leave.”  The lyrics made him suddenly shiver.

***

The Hyena watched the transaction between the miserable bastard called “Rat” and the big assed construction boss.  He watched from beneath some broken lattice work that surrounded the front entryway of a nearby building.  He was paranoid about Rat.  He wasn’t entirely sure that he could trust the crooked and gnarled little man, but he saw the exchange and was satisfied.  He panted and licked his balls, pissing on the lattice work before he padded away.  The hiding place he squirmed out of smelled human, too human.  It smelled like the homeless winos that he occasionally seen hanging around Canal Street.  It smelled like endless days of body odor and feces.  Hyena ran to the city limits.  He needed to get away from the smell, the ignorance, and the filthiness of humans.  He ran without thinking and was almost run down by a car.  The horn honked and Hyena stood his ground and bared his teeth at the driver wanting to sink is jaws into the pale neck of the bitch driving.  Instead he ran off, making his way to the edge of town where he could finally breathe the freshness of the earth. 

***

Betty Benson had been driving along the narrow passages of Shannon Street, vehicles parked on both sides of the one-way street made it impossible to see oncoming cars from side streets or dogs running across the street.  Dogs?  It ran into the middle of the street before she could even react.  When she saw it she slammed on her brakes and her horn.  The dog, instead of putting its tail between its legs and cowering away, stood defiantly and snarled rabidly at her.  She was perplexed at first, but the dog ran off.  Betty’s mind was not registering “dog.”  It was registering the names wolf, jackal, coyote, or even a hyena.  The animal was not normal and not indigenous to Indiana or maybe even indigenous to the United States.  This was something she would have to talk to Big Dirk, her husband, about.

***

The defenseless rabbit wheezed and screeched right before Hyena broke its neck. If Hyena could smile he would be smiling right now.  It felt so good to kill.  But, he was becoming bored with killing small helpless animals.  The old man, Michael, had enjoyed it.  He had once told Hyena that killing in the woods and forests was a diversion for him, a release of anger and frustration.  When Hyena had asked him if he ever got tired of killing small and indefensible animals, old Michael had told him, “Sure, so I just go looking for a deer or another dog.”  Hyena had killed several deer, but they were just big and defenseless.  He wanted something more challenging, something not so defenseless.  Hyena wanted to kill a man, maybe a woman too.  He knew he would be breaking one of the cardinal rules mandated by the Master, but the taste of blood was in his mouth and he wanted more.

***

Bernie the Rat drove to his temporary home without thoughts.  At this moment his mind and body seemed to be only mechanically operating, no emotions, no thoughts.  He wanted to get home and take a hot shower and drink a beer.  He looked at his rearview mirror and noticed the same car had been following him through town.  It was a big black luxury car, like a Lincoln or a Cadillac.  Rat’s hands were getting moist, his breathing was becoming shallow.  He was alarmed.  Who in the hell would be following him?  He looked back again, the car had turned off.  Rat let out an audible release of air, but was he relaxing prematurely?  It could be that his tracker had just turned off, knowing that he might have been seen.  Rat was paranoid, or was he?  Paranoia just might save his life on this job.

When he arrived home, he found a police car sitting in front of his place.  Two “boys in blue” were standing outside of their car.  Rat’s heart pounded through his chest.

“Hi fellas, nice day, huh?”  They didn’t seem to be in a cordial mood.

“Bernie, long time no see.”  The bigger of the two recognized him.

“Charlie Forge?  I’ll be damned.  Last I saw you was in Detroit, wasn’t it?”

“You were doin’ a little crack at the time, if my memory serves me right.”

“That’s history, man.  I haven’t done anything since then.”
“Hey, hey, settle down.  We aren’t here to finger you, just some routine questions.  How ‘bout sittin’ in our car, get out of this cold?”

“Can’t you just ask your fuckin’ questions and get it over with?”

“Sure, Bernie, sure.”  Charlie got out a pen and paper pad.  “All right then.  Bernie, we’re lookin for a kid.”  Rat’s mouth went dry.

“Man, I ain’t got no fuckin’ kids.”  “I ain’t even married.”  

“Bernie, is it okay if I call you Bernie?” The other cop piped in. Not waiting for Rat’s response, he continued.  “Bernie, we’re lookin’ for a kid by the name of Christian Massey or Mishok.”  

“He could be using either one of the names.”

“Never heard of him.”

Charlie joined the chorus this time, “We gotta witness who says he saw you a couple of weeks ago talkin’ to a kid whose description matches this Massey or Mishok kid.”  

Rat’s stomach began a battle in his throat.  “Two weeks ago?  Fuck, I don’t remember what I did yesterday.”

“Maybe, if we took you down to the station and showed you some pictures of the kid it would refresh your memory.”  Charlie reached into his shirt pocket and pulled out a photograph and showed it to Rat.  “Recognize him?”  

Rat’s mouth became dry and he gave a muffled, “I can’t tell.”  “The kid I talked to had a mustache and longer hair.”

“So you do remember talkin’ to a kid.  Your memory seems to be improving.”  
The other cop looked at Charlie, winked and chuckled, “I smell a Rat don’t you?”  They both laughed.  Charlie got serious again, “So come on, Bernard, do you remember or don’t you?”

“Yeah, but it was pretty damned dark.”  “And, my name ain’t fuckin’ Bernard.”

“Can you tell us what you were doing behind the old jewelry store?” 

Rat thought quickly, “All right, all right...I was getting a blow job.”
The two cops looked at each other then looked at Rat, “Bernie, you getting a blow job from this kid?”

“Hell no...his sister.”

The cops looked at each other again, silently evaluating Rat’s answers.  The other cop spoke, “Look you miserable little fuck, if we see you near that place again we’re going to run you in. And, Bernard, your parole officer says you can’t afford to be run in.  You got the picture?”

“I got the picture.  Now, can I go in my little castle and get warm?”

The boys in blue squealed their tires as they pulled away.  Bernie went in to drink a beer, several beers would be in order tonight.
Chapter Twenty-Two

Corrina and Carmen reluctantly agreed to leave town.  Corrina said that she had a cousin who had a winter home in St. Petersburg, but hadn’t gone down there this year because she was preparing for her daughter’s wedding in April.  The place would be empty for several months.  The cousin loved the idea of someone living there through the remainder of the winter to keep the place from getting dusty and musty.

They packed their bags.  They were going to take Carmen’s car, it was newer.  I figured it would take them a couple of days to get there.  Carmen entrusted me with her alley cat and Corrina had her sister watch over her place.  They left early Friday morning.  The roads were clear, the sky was clear, and the temperatures were plummeting into the single digits.  I missed Carmen before she ever got out of the driveway.  Emptiness set in and fear was gnawing at my door.  

I received a call forty-five minutes later.  It was the sheriff’s office.  Carmen and Corrina were involved in a wreck.  Their car had swerved off the highway and collided with a tree.  I rushed to the hospital emergency room.  I was too late.  Corrina was dead and Carmen was flown to Indianapolis with severe brain trauma.  According to the emergency room doctor, they didn’t stand a chance.

On the day of Corinna’s funeral the snow came.  I stood alone beneath the canopy over her gravesite, not recognizing many people.  People shook my hands and hugged me, some were cousins others were aunts and uncles, and friends.  Corinna was well thought of in Lordes Crossing.  After all, she was a piece of the small town’s history.  Bunky stood beside me ready to catch me if my knees buckled.  The snow started falling so hard that clarity was becoming almost impossible.  I could barely make out figures standing by their cars just a hundred feet away.  The minister was doing his usual “dust to dust” thing I couldn’t endure much longer.  My mind and my eyes began to wander.  I marveled at the thickness of the snowfall, it was almost impenetrable.  I glanced out of the corner of my eye at a moving figure, too low to be human. At first I thought it could have been a child or two children, there were two pairs of legs.  I stared longer and tried to focus, it was a dog of some kind.  The snow was much too dense to tell what kind of a dog it was, but I could tell it was big, bigger than any dog I had ever known.  The animal sat down on its haunches and seemed quite content to watch the ceremony.  I doubt that anyone noticed it except me.  I had this uncanny feeling that the dog was looking at me, staring at me.  I quickly glanced away from it and half turned to the minister again.  My eyes couldn’t keep from looking back at the dog, it had vanished, odd. 

The day after Corrina’s funeral and burial the snow had subsided.  I sat with Char looking out my trailer window.  Bunky had cleared the lane leading to our little property with the snow plow blade attached to his Jeep.  I finished the job with my snow blower, clearing a path to my front door.  The phone rang, I jumped.  It was Big Dirk Benson.

“Tal?  I just called ‘cause I knew that you’d want to know.”

“Know what?”

“Witnesses in the car behind Corrina and Carmen stated that they saw an animal jump in front of Carmen’s car causing her to swerve off the road.”

“An animal?  You mean a deer?”

“Well, there’s the question. I asked Sheriff Mahat the same question.  He couldn’t give me a straight answer.  He said the people told him that it looked like a big dog.  And you know, Tal, as barren as the fields were this year the deer didn’t have a good fall feeding.  So, some of those deer could be the size of a large dog.”

“How could you mistake a deer for a large dog?”

“My guess is everything happened so fast that they didn’t know what they saw.  Well, anyway I thought you might want to know.  The weird thing about it, Tal, is they never saw the deer, or dog, come out on the other side, nor was it found lying anywhere.” Knowing he needed to let Tal chew on the idea for a while he changed the subject. “Hey, if you ever need someone to talk to, don’t hesitate to call me, okay?”

“Okay Dirk.  Thanks.”

I hung up.  Dog?  A big dog.  My thoughts went back to the creature sitting at Corrina’s burial site and watching intently, a big dog. Christian.  It was Christian.  I was stricken with anger.  I wanted to scream.  I wanted to hunt the little son-of-a-bitch down and murder him.  I remembered my statement to Carmen and Corrina that went something like, “He can’t kill, but he can influence death.”  This time I believed he went one step beyond “influencing” death.  He  changed his form into that of a dog, or something, and purposely ran out on the road.  Christian Mishok had intentionally caused death.  He killed her and then went to her burial.  For all I knew he might have been at her funeral in some dreamed up shape, maybe a fly on a bouquet of flowers.  Come with me said the spider to the fly and I’ll show you how to die.  

I needed to talk to someone so I took Big Dirk up on his offer.  He told me to meet him at Bob and Jo’s Cafe in an hour.  I was there early.  Dirk came in about ten minutes after me.  I waved him over to the booth I was sitting in.  I ordered a cup of coffee.  Dirk ordered liver and onions with mashed potatoes, and a large iced tea with a slice of lemon.  Dirk nodded his head toward a table where four men sat.  One was Sheriff Mahat, two were deputies, and the fourth guy looked unfamiliar to me.  Dirk pointed him out, “John Jester, prosecuting attorney.”  I decided that I needed to lower my voice and told Dirk the same.  He nodded his head and looked at me apprehensively.  

I whispered, “Look, I need to trust someone right now.”

“So, are you asking me?”

I hesitated then spoke, “Yes, I’m asking you.”

“Tal, you can trust me.  What’s on your mind.”  Before I could say anything the waitress, Betty, brought our drinks.  I smiled gratefully to her.  After she walked away, I began the story.  I had gotten as far as my encounters with old man Mishok when Betty brought Dirk his lunch, snack, or whatever it was.  It smelled terrible.  Dirk dug into his food and I continued the story.  He didn’t flinch or roll his eyes.  He seemed unshakable.  Dirk finished his meal long before I finished the story.  In fact, I had had three cups of coffee and he had a piece of apple pie with ice cream, and four iced teas.  The sheriff and friends  left long ago and the waitress changed to Cora.

“You know, Tal, this story does not freak me out.  You probably thought that I was pretty calm and unemotional about the whole account.  It is something that I’ve heard before.  I mean...not the same story, but a similar story was told to me by my grandmother many years ago, God rest her soul.”

It was I who had been surprised. I said, “You know of these things?”

“I do indeed.  I never doubted my grandmother’s story and I don’t doubt yours.”

“So there is history of this whole concept?”

“No, I wouldn’t say history.  I would say legend or folklore.  If you read the history of Lordes Crossing you won’t read any mention of Crossers or Shape Shifters.  No, no, you’ll have to read Indian lore to find that stuff, but you know something?  The Indians were here long before us other folks and their stories are as believable as any.  The Indians talk about Shape Shifters as if they were real, so maybe they are real.  They speak about the Great Spirit who crosses the river into the Lower Kingdom.  Who’s to say it’s not true?  Take Grandma Hanna’s story for example. She was a schoolteacher, and in the summers taught English to migrant workers from Mexico.  She told me that one of those migrant workers was a young lady of Mexican - Indian descent, Sioux I think, by the name of Marie Ramiriz Red Elk.  According to grandma, Marie told her stories about Shape Shifters.  She apparently told grandma that her great uncle could shift himself into a snake and was able to escape the murderous deceptions of the white man on many occasions.  Over the years Marie and grandma grew to be the best of friends.  Before she left Lordes Crossing for the last time she gave my mother a memento.”  Dirk waited for my response.  I looked at him, not knowing what to say.  He continued. “She gave Grandma Hanna the rattler from a rattlesnake.”

I was still puzzled, “So?”

“Well, Tal, at grandma’s funeral a few years back they had to stop the burial rites and call the sheriff’s office.”

“I’m not following you, Dirk.”

“They called the sheriff’s department and asked that a deputy be sent out to shoot a rattlesnake that was coiled and hissing in the empty grave.  The deputy came.  But, when he went to shoot, the snake it vanished.” 
Astonished, I said, “My God, Dirk.”

“That’s not all.  When they lowered grandma’s coffin into the ground a rattlesnake’s rattler slid off the top of the coffin and tumbled into the hole rattling eerily as it fell.”

We sat silently.  I had nothing to say.  I felt as though I had learned something sacred, something that I had no right to understand.  Finally, I broke the silence.

“Dirk, what am I to do?”

“To do?  I’m not sure.  Whatever we do must not involve Sheriff Mahat and his team of All American crook catchers.  They are the biggest crooks of all my friend.”  He chuckled then became serious again.  “Let me check into the current reconstruction going on at the old Mishok’s Family Jewelry Store, seems to me that place may be our link to Christian Mishok.  I think if I can find out who is paying for this reconstruction we might be able to find out what happened to old man Mishok and what happened to your ‘ex-son’.”

“Dirk, I think I am going out tomorrow to the site of the accident.”

“I’m not sure that’s such a good idea.  Aren’t you just a little bit worried about the big dog that happens to be out there killing people?”

“I’ll take my gun.”

“A gun?”  Big Dirk drew back and let out an uproarious laugh.  “Tal, a gun is the last thing you need.  A priest maybe, but not a gun, I have a better idea.  Wait awhile until I can link Christian to the new jewelry store.  Someone in city hall has to know who’s behind that construction project.   No building or rebuilding goes on without the knowledge of city hall, usually via Chamber of Commerce, City Planning Office, or even the Mayor.  Someone has to know. Tal, I’m asking you to wait.  It seems to me that right at this moment patience may be the strong hand here. Okay?”

Reluctantly, I agreed.  “Okay.”

“Besides you best get your ass down to see Carmen now that the snow has let up a bit.”

He was right of course.  I needed to leave for Indianapolis.

***

Dirk arrived home in the early afternoon.  His wife had a tremendous dinner prepared for him.  He was famished.  Big Dirk ate like he hadn’t eaten in a year, but of course he had just eaten two or three hours ago.  He smothered Betty with praises and decided to go into the den and make some phone calls.  Before he left the kitchen, Betty wanted to tell him something.  “Dirk, a really weird thing happened to me a couple of days ago.  Why I think of it now is because I read about Carmen’s accident...you know the animal jumping onto her path?”  

Dirk nodded.  

“Well, I was driving down Shannon at a pretty good clip when this big ugly looking dog jumped out into the street from between the cars.  When I slammed on my brakes and blew my horn, that animal stopped and just stood there snarling at me.  Isn’t that strange?”  Dirk?” Dirk dashed into the den to make a phone call.  He thought it was time to get scared.  He dialed Tal’s number.

***

 The wind began to pick up outside, it whistled through the weeping trees around the trailer.  Suddenly, the night became a dark enemy.  I poured my beer down the sink.  It was not a good time to dull my senses.  I needed to go to Indianapolis and do it in a hurry.  Carmen was in critical condition and needed me.

I packed my shaving kit, filled up the cat’s water and food dishes, and filled my gas tank.  A sense of urgency overwhelmed me.  After all Christian’s plan to “influence” her death didn’t quite work out.  Thankfully the road to Indy was relatively clear.  My foot was heavy on the gas pedal.
***
Methodist Hospital was huge and well known for their team of trauma doctors and nurses.  Carmen was in good hands.  It took at least twenty minutes to find the trauma ward of the hospital.  It was a helluva job just trying to find the elevators.  Like most old hospitals they added new additions over the years which created a maze of entries and exits for visitors.

Once I found her room I wasn’t prepared to see Carmen’s condition.  Both legs were in elevated casts, her head was bandaged completely leaving only slits for her eyes.  Her eyes were closed. “Carmen?” I asked uncertain of her identity.  How could I know?  “I am here now.”  No response.

“Won’t do much good to talk to her.” 

I turned swiftly at the voice.  A cute dark-haired nurse nearly skipped through the doorway.  Her cheerful seemed out of place.  “Are you her husband?”

“No, brother-in-law.”  I felt guilty saying it.  I was much more than a brother-in-law.

“She was in so much pain we needed to induce a coma.  She’ll be this way for the next few days until she starts healing a little more.” She smiled warmly, “You’re welcome to sit with her for a while, but rules only give you fifteen minutes.  I’ll be back to check her drip.”  With that she once again skipped out the door.  I was amazed at the nurse’s enthusiasm.  The nurses at Lordes Memorial were mostly cranky and detached from visitors and patients.  This young girl made me smile.

Before she skipped completely out of the room, I managed to ask her about Carmen’s condition.  “She’s stable right now, but that’s all I can tell you.  Doctor Johnson is making his rounds and he can give you a more complete assessment, okay?”

I nodded.
	
“Okay, see you later.” She skipped into the busy hallway.

***

Doctor Johnson was thin black man.  I couldn’t help but stare at his hands.  They were almost feminine; perhaps dainty is a better word.  He shook my hand as we introduced ourselves and I was afraid of crushing it with my big mitts.  “So, Mr. Massey, your sister is doing okay.  We are getting good readings from her brain and heart.  She’s a strong woman and will survive this ordeal.

“How long do you think she will be here?”

“Here? She’ll be here of course until her wounds have healed, but she will need months of rehabilitation.  We will move her when the time is right down to the rehabilitation unit on the second floor.”

The doctor shook my hand again and told me to leave my contact information at the desk so I could be notified of any changes.  Before I obediently left I reached down and kissed Carmen on her hand.  Tears were beginning to well.  I needed to leave.  I love her so very much.
***
Hyena slinked around Tal’s trailer sniffing the snow covered ground, smelling old piss left by  the old, worn-out black dog next door to Tal’s place.  The old dog couldn’t hear Hyena, or smell him.  Hyena felt an affinity for the old fella.  He also felt a kind of sorrow for him, weak and subservient to the man.  A young dog would have picked up Hyena’s scent before he had gotten this close to Talbert’s home.  Hyena could see shadows in the trailer, cat shadows.  He hated the nasty little bastards and, if given an opportunity, would kill them with one snap of their skinny-ass necks.  Hyena came here many nights, undetected.  He knew that he would kill Talbert Massey.  Hyena would pick the time and place.

Hyena silently and cautiously prowled along the river bank, the darkness his friend.  He was becoming more and more comfortable with the murkiness of night, it became his guardian.  The wind blew wildly across river bank, making Hyena uncomfortable.  The wind blew the Tal scent away from him.  He didn’t like it when he was on the wrong side of the wind.  Any enemy could lurk in the comfort of the wind, hiding covertly waiting and watching.  He knew that the Master had ways of overseeing his crossers, but he had no idea how he was able to do it.  Hyena settled into a small drift of snow and watched curiously as an owl or flying squirrel floated between trees. He felt an uneasiness that would not loosen its grip on him.

Chapter Twenty-Three

His “crossers” gathered around him like chicks around their mother hen.  The Master thought himself more of a cock than a hen.  His name was not Master, of course.  His position in the underworld was Master and he was the Master to all of his little chicks, and those who followed the chicks. His name was Legion, not Satan, not Prince of Darkness, and not the Master of Deceit.  Those names belonged to the Unholy One of the Netherworld, not him.  The Unholy One was the lord of imps, monsters, and underworld creatures.  Of which, Legion was one.  He carried a high position in the hierarchy of Hell, but never as high as the Unholy One.  Legion was just a cog in Satan’s wheel.

Legion called all of his crossers to his Great Hall periodically to discuss their progress in recruiting followers, and business has been exceptionally good.  He tried to get to know each of the crossers on a personal basis, especially the young ones.  The kingdom would not flourish without the loyalty of its youth.  Legion had serious concerns about the Young Pletus and the Young Mishok.  They were becoming dangerous crossers, neither seemed to possess the qualities of their mentors.  No, no, the old Mishok and the old Pletus were the quintessential loyalists.

What crossers didn’t understand was that their Master sent “searchers” out every day to monitor their progress and their behavior.  A searcher was an intelligent creature about the size of a large bird, but resembled a bat or flying squirrel.  Searchers were loyal creatures and devoted only to the Master, Legion.

Pletus was observed by the searchers, killing cattle on a rancher’s land in Montana.  He nearly killed a herdsman, but fortunately the herdsman managed to get a couple of shots off from his rifle, Pletus pursued him no further.

Mishok, on the other hand, showed signs of losing total control.  He already caused two people to lose their lives in a car wreck, and almost caused another accident, but the woman was driving in broad daylight and in city limits, and her car doors were locked.  

Legion was a patient being and usually allowed the bad ass crossers to get themselves into trouble, but usually they could do that without his help.  He had a three-rule Vanquishing Process he followed before he terminated bad ass crossers: 1. When discovered committing careless acts of violence against humans, the Master would counsel with them and give them fair warning.  Careless acts of violence against humans were included, but not limited to influencing the death of humans frequently and the killing of innocent humans.  Only the Master could judge the seriousness of the crosser’s behavior.  2. If, after being fairly warned by the Master, the crosser continues to commit such sins against the Master, Legion would withdraw the power, or gift, of shape changing from the crosser.  3.  If the crosser ever changes his shape in front of a human which then identifies him as a creature from another world, he is automatically removed from his position as a crosser and banished to Hades.  These rules were Legion’s to make or to break at his whim.  It was upon Legion’s, and only Legion’s, command when and if someone was to be killed.


Legion thought this was a lenient and fair system.  Why such a system?  He did not want humans discovering the secrets of Crossing.  It was a sacred operation and a confidential operation.  Besides, crossers could satisfy their thirst for killing and the taste of blood by destroying the small creatures of the world.

He believed that the Young Mishok would soon be terminated.  He gave him an outside chance of surviving another year as a crosser, such a shame too.  Mishok and Pletus were heading for ruin.  They were so damned smart, and so filled with energy, but yet so impulsive and out of control.  Destroying them both seemed like such a waste.  Legion gave an unspoken signal to his assistant, Foster.  Foster understood the signal and walked into the foyer and motioned to Mishok to enter into the Master’s chamber.

***

Mishok was scared shitless.  He had never before entered this sacred room of the Great Hall.  He entered and immediately prostrated himself before the Master.  He dare not look into the Master’s hideous face.  To do so would bring condemnation upon and Mishok didn’t need condemnation.  He had a feeling that he was in plenty of trouble without causing more for himself.  Legion glared at the contemptuous little son-of-a-bitch.  “Stand up, you sorry piece of shit!  Stand up, I say.”  Mishok slowly found his way to his feet, continuing to look at the floor.  “Look at me, you lowly son-of-a-whore!”  Mishok raised his eyes.  The hideous sight before him caused his skin to prickle with fear.  “You empty little cocksucker, do you understand the Master’s Vanquishing Rules?”

Mishok’s voice came out as barely a whisper, “Yes Master I understand them.”

“Then, do you know why you’re here?”

Mishok lied, “I...I’m not sure.”

“Look you worthless worm, don’t lie to me.  You caused two people to die. You almost caused another person to die.  And, you’ve been stalking another.  Do you deny those activities?”

“No Master.  But...I...”

“Don’t speak unless I ask you to speak.  I don’t want you to speak.  You are not worthy to speak.  Hear this!”  Legion’s voice became thunderous.  “Consider this you maggot!  You have entered the first step of the Vanquishing Process.  And you know the next step, don’t you?”

“Yes Master.”

“I said don’t speak you festered maggot.”  Legion spit on the young cub’s face.  “Now get out of here before I decide to jump a few steps of the process.”

Mishok threw himself on the floor as the Master left his chamber and moved on to the conference room of the Great Hall.  Mishok was warned.  This would complicate matters at Lordes Crossing.  This would make his relationship with Bernie the Rat more symbiotic than he had originally wanted it to be, but Mishok was determined to rip the man, Talbert, into a hundred fleshy flaccid pieces.  Mishok walked into the Great Hall thinking that maybe life as he now knows it just might very well be snuffed out like a candle.  His wick was in deep shit.

***

Pletus walked out into the midnight air.  Time was no longer on his side.  The Master just reamed him a brand new asshole.  The crosser, Mishok, received a similar reaming he was told.  He walked behind an old shed behind the bunkhouse.  Pletus lost control. He just killed a man, Tom Ferris.  Tom lay dead on his bunk, half his throat ripped out.  It felt so good to kill, Pletus wanted to do it again, but knew the Master would soon have other plans for him.  He sat down on a bare, frozen piece of ground and looked around to see if he was being watched, he couldn’t see anyone.  Pletus put the barrel of the shotgun into his mouth.  It seemed so perverse to have this round barrel stuck between his lips. He had seen whores perform similar acts on things that looked like barrels.  Pletus almost laughed, but the gun laughed last.  His body slumped nearly headless, to the arctic ground.  If Pletus could have taken one last look at the dark and endless sky, he would have seen a small bat/squirrel-like creature flying toward a destination that only it knew, making a strange gleeful sound.

***

Hyena padded to a nearly hidden culvert, not far from Talbert’s trailer.  He needed to think.  How did the Master work?  How did he know the whereabouts and actions of his crossers?  Hyena sat on his haunches and licked himself.  He drank some of the soured water that dribbled along a snake-thin path beneath the culvert.  Hyena was a creature of logic.  He was in deep shit with the Big Guy, but why?
Okay, so he had run out in front of Aunt Carmen’s car.  It wasn’t like he put his jaws around her puny neck and ripped her esophagus out.  Nevertheless, he was in some deep shit.  What about his mewling father, or, biological father, or, bio-dad?  He needed to kill him.  Talbert was the only human who knew, or thought he knew, the location of the point of crossing.  He had tried to tell the Master, he wouldn’t listen.  Hyena would ask for an audience with Him.

***

“What is it you want, maggot?”

Mishok was beginning to feel like a maggot.  “Master, I wish to explain my actions.”  He located a spot on the floor and kept his eyes on it.  “I wish only to kill one man.  By killing him I will protect the secret of the point of crossing.”

Legion hissed with contempt, “I will allow no killing.  No killing.  Let me ask you something young Mr. Mishok.  So what if your father, Talbert, discovers our crossing?  So what?  We simply move the entrance to another location.”  “Me thinks there is more to your need for killing then confidentiality.  Perhaps you need to kill your father, because he is your father.  You loved the man once when you were younger than now.  But, what you loved, you now hate.  It is not unusual.”  Legion was softening.  “Mishok, killing brings no one to our kingdom, teaching does.  Go.  Go, and speak no more of this matter.  Go, build your store and teach, teach the love of Satan, The Unholy One.”  Legion stood up and left the room.

Mishok felt defeated.  He had failed to convince the Master of the need to destroy Talbert.  Had the Master seen through him?  Maybe.  Mishok opened the side door of the nearly completed jewelry store.  He went into the back room and lit a candle and repeated the unholy chants.  He had learned of the sad passing of his old friend, Pletus. Mishok prostrated himself before the black alter and changed himself into the large Hyena that had become his changeling of choice.  Mishok, now Hyena, howled mournfully into the darkened room, extinguishing the delicate flame of the candle.  Hyena would soon be a candle with its flame forever blotted out.  The freezing, unrelenting breath of winter blew dispassionately and defiantly around the jewelry store.  As Hyena slept, a strange creature floated silently above Lordes Crossing waiting patiently for another day.
Chapter Twenty-Four

Dirk called me on a Saturday morning.  It was the latter part of January and the temperatures beginning to climb, melted snow dripped from my roof and icicles were shrinking.

“Hey there, Tal.  What’s up with you?”

“Nothing.  Things have been uncommonly quiet around here.”

“Are you hangin’ tight?”

“I guess, Dirk, ‘bout as tight as I can. considering...”

“I’ve done some investigating.  We need to talk.”

***

We met at Bob and Jo’s at noon.  The place was packed.  Delta found us a table next to a window.  I recognized Delta from one of the first times Carmen, Corrina, and I had eaten here.  I felt a slight stab of sadness, but I deflected it.  Unlike the last time Big Dirk and I met here, I was hungry.  I ordered clam chowder and a grilled cheese sandwich, and my usual cup of coffee.  Big Dirk, as usual, ordered half a refrigerator.  He was excited, his eyes sparkled with some new found knowledge that I knew he would share soon.
“I checked the records of Mishok’s store.  He, that is...old Mishok, sold very little jewelry. At least, that’s what his tax records indicate.”

“You read his tax information?”  I was curious.

“I told you I had friends.”  He chuckled his I know more than you chuckle.  He shrugged his shoulders and continued.  “Old Mishok inherited the place from his grandfather.  Now get this.  His grandfather was, this will grab ya by the balls, Rankin Mason.Tal, is there something about that fact that strikes you as just a little bit curious?”

I thought for a moment, “His age?”

He looked around and with a grand sweeping motion of his hand said to no one in particular, “Give this man a cigar.”  Just then, Delta came with our drinks and gave Dirk a peculiar look.  He looked up at her playfully and smiled.  Delta shook her head and left for the kitchen.  Dirk concentrated on me again.  “That is correctamondo, Mr. Massey.  If I figure it correctly Michael Mishok Mason had to have been over a hundred years old.  It doesn’t fit does it?”

“Dirk there’s no crime in being an old fuck.”
“Okay, okay.  I’m going too fast for you.  Let me try to make it clearer.”  He was dripping with cynicism. “When I say the old guy was over a hundred years hold my best guess would be around one hundred and thirty-five years old.”  Dirk waited for my reaction.  I puzzled over it.

“Impossible.” I finally decided.

“Wrong.”

“Look, Dirk, the first Michael Mason guy was hung by his neck in Vermont sometime in the 1700s.  Now you’re telling me that this Rankin Mason guy comes along in the 1800s, buys some property, and then leaves it to our recently defunked Mr. Michael Mishok Mason who then dies at the turn of the twenty-first century.  Is this a general summary of what you’re saying to me?”

“That’s a second cigar you win.”

“Impossible.”  This time I wasn’t so sure.  “So, we’ve got some genetic freaks in the Mason family, so what?”  I questioned, knowing that I was arguing from a pretty feeble stand point.

“Let’s face it, Tal, your son, or Mishok’s son, has inherited the leadership of this cult, clan, kingdom, religion, or whatever the fuck you want to call it.  We are losing ground by arguing the point.  Can we at least agree that you don’t want to face the reality of this?”

I ran my hands through my hair in exasperation, knowing that if I come clean with my feelings that I would be leaving myself vulnerable.  By giving in to this crazy nightmare suggested by Dirk I would be allowing myself to believe the unbelievable.  I didn’t believe in Satan, and I wasn’t at all certain that I believed in God.  I guess it was the preeminent surrender.  By believing in Satan, I was admitting that there undoubtedly is a God.  I, like many others, have hoped for the existence of God.  If anything, I guess I must admit that I have always had a propensity toward deism, but not religion.  To me, religion would always remain the ruthless invention of greedy men, men who wish to control the masses.  But...Satan?  I looked at Dirk for a moment and folded my hands together as if in prayer.

“Okay, okay.  I think you’re probably right.  But, what now?”

Dirk stared into my eyes, almost through my eyes and replied flatly, “We must kill Christian.”

I jerked as if shot with a gun.  Dirk’s simple unemotional proposal had cut a deep slice out of my heart. Kill Christian?  My code of right and wrong revolted at the thought. It was a frightening thought.  My biggest fear, though, was that Dirk’s simple statement was, in fact, a revelation of what had to be done.

Chapter Twenty-Five


“Tal, open your eyes.”  It was Carmen.  “Tal, look.”  I slowly opened my eyes and there she was, her bronze, voluptuous naked body hovering over me like a dragon-fly.  Her breasts were nearly obscenely pressed against my mouth, I began kissing them wildly and passionately.  “That’s it, Tal, oh yeah, that’s it.”  She moaned softly, deeply through the bottom of her throat, as only she could.  I looked at her bare body, but could not draw my eyes to her face.  I knew she was laying in a coma.  I knew this was a dream.  Softly, she mewled, “Look, Tal, look.”  I brought my eyes to meet hers.  They were not there, only bloodless sockets.  She laughed scornfully, hideously.  It was the laugh of a thousand Mishoks.  It was the laugh of a thousand swords swiping through the air like a razor-sharp pendulum.  He looked again.  Carmen was gone, replaced by a face, purple and contorted.  Tal somehow knew it was the face of Michael Mishok.  The eyes of the face opened and the mouth snarled, “Watch out little boy, the dog may bite you on your tiny tallywhacker.”  Another laugh.  This time the laugh was more like the cry of an animal, high pitched and mournful.

I woke up with a start, sweat beaded on my forehead.  My sheets were twisted around me like a rope.  I sat up on the edge of the bed.  Both cats stood at the small darkened window and hissed at the forbidding night, something was out there.

***

I could kill you now.  I could jump through your dingy window, scare your two little beasts until they shit themselves, rip your puny neck open, and watch your blood as it courses in orchestration to your dying heart.  Yes, Talbert, I could kill you tonight, but for now, I will only haunt you and your piddly little fuckin’creatures.

***

Bernie was cold.  The temperatures had taken another nose dive into the single digits.  He paced along the gravel path of City Park, no one else around.  It was one o’clock in the morning and, of course, no one was around.  This was not Chicago or New York.  He knew this Mishok kid must have been in some trouble, the cops pretty much had educated Rat about it.  This was nothing new for him.  He had made many connections in the middle of the night and in some pretty uncomfortable locations.  But, tonight, at this empty park, he felt terrified.  Bernie went behind a tree and relieved his bladder.  He felt more like relieving his stomach of its stale contents, but he hated puking.

The kid showed with a paper bag, just as agreed.  Rat carried a small suitcase that would be switched with the paper bag.  The kid looked bad.  Rat couldn’t tell for sure, visibility was not great under the yellow glow of the streetlamps.  But, the kid looked real bad.  His complexion was pale and his eyes sunken.  Mishok looked a helluva lot older than Bernie had guessed.  He didn’t really give a shit what the kid looked like.  He just wanted to make the switch and head the fuck home, maybe visit Hawaii.  Maybe he would visit Hawaii real soon.  Mishok motioned to him to follow him to the nearest park bench.  “You got it all?”

“Yes sir, yes sir, three bags full.” The fragmented nursery rhyme was wasted on the kid.  “You got the money?”

Mishok grabbed the small suitcase and set on the park bench and hastily opened it.  He stared at the gold goods inside.  He closed the suitcase and handed Rat the bag.  “Here.  Count it if you like?”

“I don’t like.”  Rat said indifferently.  “I’ll count it later.  I know where your store is.”  Truth was, Rat wanted to get out of there fast.  He held this dangerous feeling that the kid was death and though Rat did not like living necessarily, he didn’t think dying was an option he wished to explore at the moment.  He turned and walked away.  Behind him he could have sworn that he heard a dog’s snarl, the kind of snarl that means only bad things, dark things.  Rat shivered and picked up his pace.  He felt the kid’s eyes on him all the way to the end of the park path.  They were red, glowing eyes which scalded Rat’s soul.  He began to run.

***

Lordes Crossing was never an ambitious town and spending tax money for safer downtown lighting was not a priority.  The young Mishok had no trouble with witnesses as he carried his suitcase into the dark little store.  He kept the lights out.  Mishok liked the darkness.  He placed the suitcase in the dusty old Wells-Fargo safe, the lock combination lost years ago, if there ever was one.  He sat on his haunches behind the antiquated glass counter and began to change.  Mishok licked his balls and scratched his ear with his back leg.

Somewhere in the small town came the cry of a beast, just before the sun made its way over the winter silver landscape.  It resembled the cry of a newborn, immediately after its first gulp of sterile hospital air.  The same cry that Christian Massey had made on a cold, desolate winter morning, much like this twilight morning, several years ago.  It was a cry that Christian may make again soon, giving back to death that very gulp of air.

Chapter Twenty-Six

“Tal, it’s me.  Open your eyes and see me.”  I could not look.  I dared not look, but I did.  I was compelled to look of course, because this was a dream.  And, everyone knows that the dreamer cannot control the dream, just watch the movies.  I looked and it was Carmen, but Carmen was really Carmen this time.  “Tal, you must promise me something.”  “You must promise me that you will buy that silver chalice over at Harrison’s Antique Mall.”  “Please buy it for me.”  Carmen pleaded and her eyes filled with bloody tears.  “Please.”

I woke up startled.  Carmen seemed so real in the dream.  It seemed more like some kind of hallucination, or maybe a vision.  I didn’t know.  Why these messages? Carmen lay in a coma and her brain was currently out of order.  Corrina had been the visionary, not me.  I was pretty much the skeptic.  But yet the dream/vision haunted me, a silver chalice at Harrison’s Antique Mall.  I was perplexed.  I didn’t remember ever walking through the doors of that drab old store, not too far away from the new and improved Mishok’s Family Jewelry, Give me those family jewels sir.  Silver chalice, puzzling, was it a vision or some kind of spiritual connection with the woman I love?  Had she tried to give me a message, a warning?  Silver chalice?  Maybe Carmen’s brain wasn’t totally out of order, maybe her mind was working feverishly to slip through the barrier of consciousness.

I went into my small kitchen and fixed a pot of coffee.  The day was just beginning to move over the horizon and the sun was playing tag with clouds that looked portentous and dangerous, we were expecting more snow in northern Indiana.  I shuffled into the bathroom, stared in the mirror above the sink, and ran some cold water through my hair and splashed a few drops on my eyes, hoping to chase the cobwebs out of my head.  It worked.  The cobwebs left, but the dreamed remained.  I couldn’t stand it.  I called Big Dirk.  He would know the answer.

Dirk answered the phone, sleep in his voice, “I’m not home.”

“Dirk, I’m sorry, I forgot its Sunday morning.”

“Hey, it’s okay, but how about letting take care of my morning rituals and get back to you, okay?”

“Sure, no problem, I’ll talk to you then.”

I sat down at the table and gave a cursory perusal of the Sunday paper.  Sipping on my lukewarm coffee, I examined the Police Beat section, two DUIs and one PI, and a break in at the animal shelter.  Apparently someone broke into the Lordes Crossing animal shelter, no damage done, but two or three cats were missing.  Strange.  The phone rang.  Dirk’s familiar voice quizzed, 

“Hey, what’s up, Tal?”

“I’m trying to solve a puzzle.”  It was only a small half-lie.

“And?”

“A silver chalice, what significance does it bear?”

“Silver chalice, eh?  Well, Tally me boy that would be of religious significance.  I believe, now don’t hold me to this Jesus was supposed to have passed a silver chalice around the last supper table to each of his apostles, filled with wine.  It represented His blood.”  

I was interested.  “I know the story.”

“You may want to talk to someone much more versed than I about the topic.  But, if my knowledge of legends serves me correctly the chalice came missing soon after the crucifixion and was purported to have been stolen by Judas, his last act of treason and dishonor.  Anyhow, this chalice supposedly holds some pretty awesome powers.”

He had my attention.  “Powers?”

“Yeah, you know your usual good over evil kind of power.”

“Good over evil, hmm...  That may put some of the puzzle pieces together.”

“Tal, may I be so bold to ask what the hell this is all about?”

“A dream, Dirk, a strange dream.”  I proceeded to tell him the contents of the dream.  Dirk was silent.  “Dirk, are you there?”

“Yeah.  Listen, I think I have an idea.  Meet me at our usual spot at noon.”  He hung up.  I returned to the silence of my thoughts, silence that was almost deafening.

***

Bob and Jo’s was crowded with the after church set.  Dirk was sitting at our usual table.  There was a man with him that I didn’t recognize.  Dirk saw me and motioned me over.  “Tal, I’d like ya to meet, Father Tom.”  Dirk introduced me and we shook hands. His handshake was firm, but not threateningly so. I knew immediately that I was going to like Father Tom.  He was a robust man, at least as tall as Big Dirk and just as heavy, with a full beard and sparkling blue eyes. Dirk began, “Father Tom is pastor of the Spiritual Apostolic Church over in Wavetown.  I told him about your interest in the silver chalice.”  I looked at Dirk suspiciously.  He read my look and tried to ease my concerns.  “Father Tom and I go way back, class of ‘72’ at old I.U.  Tom shares your interest in the chalice.  He’s a big Indiana Jones fan.”  Now, I was getting totally confused, but I remained silent.  

Father Tom saw my confusion and interjected.  “The Silver Chalice that you’re interested in is one-in-the-same as the Holy Grail being searched for by Harrison Ford in Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade.  From what Dirk tells me he has given you the basics of it.  I have little to add.”  You see, Tal, the Holy Grail represents the power of Jesus Christ, and whoever holds it possesses great magical, mystical powers.  There are those who believe that when the Holy Grail is found the final appearance of Christ on earth will occur.  It is considered a divine receptacle, a representation of love, and all that is good.  He who holds the chalice in his hands will have power over evil and can scatter the power of Satan.”

I was skeptical.  “And, Father, do you believe this legend?”

Father Tom shrugged, “There are much crazier tales out there, aren’t there Tal?  I mean a man is crucified on a cross and dies, arises from his sepulchre in three days.  That’s sounds a little far-fetched, doesn’t it?  And what about the young man Christ who is witnessed walking on the Sea of Gallilee?  You ask do I believe it, I say ‘why not believe it’.  Besides, it’s my job to believe it.  Have I helped you in any way, Tal?”  He smiled which, I believe, signaled the end of our conversation.  

“Father, I truly appreciate you coming over from Wavetown just to tell me about this.”

He chuckled, “I didn’t.  My wife is sitting over at that table.”  He pointed to a slender, graying lady two tables away.  “We were eating lunch when Big Dirk here flagged me over.  If you’ll please excuse me I better get to eating.”  The hulk of a man stood up, shook my hand, smiled, patted me on the back, and was off to his table.  

I looked at Dirk and said, “Now, what was your idea?”

“Well, actually I was going to try to find Dr. Durey, but he wasn’t home.  Dr.Durey teaches theology at I.U. in Indianapolis.  But I think Father Tom was sufficiently informative, wasn’t he?”

“Yeah, he was.  I think my next step is Harrison’s Antique Mall.”

Dirk looked injured.  “What is this ‘my next step’?  I think it should be ‘our’ next step, friend.”

“I don’t know, Dirk.  If something bad comes down, I think one person in danger is enough.  I appreciate your help, I really do.  I just think that...”

“Look, Tal, let’s make a deal.  I’ll help you get to the launching pad, okay?  But when the shit hits the big fan, I bow out.  I think you’re going to need some help.”  He looked at me pleadingly.

“Okay, but when the shit flies, you’re out.  Understood?”

“Understood.”

***

Harrison’s Antique Mall stood, barely, a half of a block from Mishok’s store.  The place was dusty and the lighting was poor.  The old wooden floors gave with each step making me feel like I was on a pontoon boat.  Edna Harrison was the store’s proprietor.  She was a gaunt lady with bifocals hanging on a gold chain around her thin neck.  Edna greeted us with a shallow smile.  When I told her I was looking for antique silver items to add to my collection, her ears perked up.  Edna made a sweeping gesture and said that there was no particular area in her store for silver.  It could be anywhere.

Dirk and I spread out and combed the store.  I was glad he tagged along.  This was going to take some time.  It was Sunday and the store closed at three.  It was one-thirty.  Knowing that a silver cup, if it was old, if it was genuine silver, would be tarnished and not exactly silver looking  we looked only briefly and Dirk was “Oohing and Ahhing.”  He found some silver serving dishes and cups, but I was pretty certain that none of them was a chalice.  They had handles.  I had this instinctive feeling that the Holy Grail did not look like a coffee cup.  More than likely it looked like a large silver wine glass or flower vase.  

We continued our search.  Two-thirty rolled around and still no chalice.  I glanced up at the clock It was coming damn close to two-fifty, I noticed something dull and almost silver on an old metal shelf standing next to the clock.  There it was.  At least, there stood something that resembled a large wine glass.  It was tarnished and turning black.  That had to be it.  I yelled for Dirk.  He came running.  We stood there like a couple of star-struck kids lookin’ at Marilyn Monroe naked.

Edna sold me the chalice for thirty bucks.  It was highway robbery for her, but for me it was priceless.  I would have given her any amount she asked.  She wrapped it in paper and placed it in a plastic grocery sack.  I had a chalice, but did I have the chalice?  I didn’t know, but Carmen, in my dream, had directed me here.  Dirk and I parted company outside of the antique store.  He headed home to his wife and kids.  I got in my car and headed for my small trailer, my two cats, and another scary night.

***

“So, Talbert, you think you’ve made a big discovery?  You found some miserable piece of shit silver cup.  What good will that do you?  Let me tell you what good it will do.  Zero.  Zero, motherfucker.  Some legend tells you that your little piece of tin holds some magical  power.  You will have no power over me, Talbert.  Read your Bible, Talbert.  Doesn’t it say that Satan was loosed upon the earth for a time, and that man would be powerless against him.  You are powerless, Talbert.  Powerless!  So, look at me.  Look at your precious Carmen’s eyes.  They are bottomless.  They will be your entrance to Hell.  Look!  Look at me, Tal.”  

I came out of the dream like a deep sea diver rising slowly to warmer water and gasping for air when finally surfacing.  It was the darkest side of midnight and sweat had again soiled my bed linen.  The trailer air was cold.  I had turned the heat down before I went to bed.  I stumbled over Char or Cat, too dark to tell which one.  I nearly fell into the kitchen but caught myself on a bedside chair.  Those dreams were becoming common place and my nights were getting shorter and shorter.  During those times, if I slept five solid hours I considered myself fortunate.  I shuffled to the kitchen sink and ran some water into a glass.  I lifted the glass to my mouth.  

“Bad night, Tal?”  The glass fell out of my hand and broke on the ceramic surface of the sink.  I instantly turned toward the voice, the hairs on my neck bristling.  The voice was unfamiliar, but I did hear a voice.  “Think you hearing things, Tal?  Well, you’re not.”  I knew the voice, Corrina, although deeper and very raspy than her living voice.  It must have been her dead voice. Tal, you’re losing your mind in a real hurry.

The voice, Corrina, asked, “Did you find the chalice?”

I answered, even though I could see no one, “Yes...yes.”  My voice was cracking.

“Then let me see it.”  The Corrina voice dictated.

“How can I show you if I can’t even see you?”  “Corrina?”
“It’s me, Tal.  I can’t show myself, because I can’t see myself either.  Just place the chalice on the kitchen table and let me look at it.”

I walked over to the light switch, but Corrina stopped me.  “No lights!”  She was adamant.  “Please, no lights.”  She softened.  I went to the closet, fumbling from nerves or night blindness.  I gripped the chalice tightly as I blindly shuffled to the kitchen table.  I took it out of its wrapping and placed it on the table.  The Corrina voice was silent for awhile then uttered, “Good job, Tal.”  You have performed the first leg of your task.  I will now tell you the second step.”  The Corrina voice instructed me for almost two hours. When the morning twilight began to slip through my windows, she bid me farewell, telling me that I would no longer have need for her.

Chapter Twenty-Seven
The difference between man and beast is obvious to some, but to Karen Leeson the manager of the Pet Place, there was not a real noticeable difference.  In fact, she believed that just maybe man’s best friend was a tad bit smarter than his master.  She came to work every morning at seven-forty-five,  waited for Tammy to show up, and began counting money in her cash drawer.  Tammy was the college kid who cleaned out the kennels in the morning.  She was studying to be a vet.  Karen enjoyed watching Tammy in action, especially when she wore her low-cut tank tops.  It was February, however, and Tammy usually wore her Purdue University sweatshirt which covered those lovely goblets of hers.  God, Karen hated winters.  

The Pet Place was unusually quiet today.  Karen welcomed the silence.  Tammy knocked on the glass double doors and Karen strolled over to the doors to let her in.  Tammy was wearing a button-down blouse today, oh yummy.  Tammy grunted some kind of greeting to Karen as she brushed passed her, nice smell.  Karen watched the tight jeans and, no doubt ass, as they undulated toward the kennel area.  Karen went back to counting her money, feeling just a little more wet than usual.  Suddenly she heard a scream.

“Holy Jesus!  Oh God...Karen...hurry.”  Karen dropped a roll of dimes and ran to the back room.  She wasn’t prepared to see what lay before her.

When Karen came around the corner to the kennel area she slipped on something, thinking it was some form of excrement.  It was blood.  She saw several animals lying clumped together.  In the pile was Felix, her beloved black Labrador and Thomas, an old yellow tomcat that no one ever bought so she had adopted him.  Karen felt weak her knees became gel-like, and felt herself fading from the world.  

The next thing she saw was a paramedic putting something really smelly under her nose.  She looked around the room.  Sheriff Mahat and Jerry Soffer, one of his deputies, were sifting through the pile of death.  Karen felt herself fading again.

It was Sheriff Mahat that drew her from fading again into oblivion.  “Your back door was busted open.  Didn’t you notice it when you came in this morning?”
Karen squinted her eyes.  “Notice?  Uh...no...I never go into the back room until I set the cash register up.”  Her eyes were lured to the pile of blood stained fur.  There were two, maybe three, other cats interspersed with Felix and Tom.  Poor Felix, she didn’t hear the sheriff droning on.  “I tell you what.  Whoever, or whatever, did this had absolutely no mercy.  They ripped their entrails right out.  But, I can’t figure...where in the hell are the entrails?”  Jerry the deputy suggested that whatever it was, might have eaten the viscera.  The sheriff didn’t seem convinced.  “Maybe, but it would have taken awhile for one creature to have eaten this supper.  I’m thinkin’ it was some two-legged vermins doin’ it.  I’m thinkin’ some punk-ass kids did it.  There just wasn’t enough time for one, or even two for that matter, to kill, eviscerate, and to chow down on this bunch of animals.”  

Karen wondered silently what kind of kids would do such a thing, she decided that the sheriff was blowin’ chocolate bars out his ass.  She stood up with the help of the paramedic.  “Sheriff, last night was Friday and I didn’t get out of here until almost one in the morning.  I got in this morning at seven-forty-five.  Sounds like a six-hour gap to me.  Hell, I could skin a  cow and cook two steaks in that amount of time.”  

Jerry the deputy smirked.  The sheriff turned and stared with contempt at him.  “You find that fuckin’ funny deputy dog?”  Jerry stopped smiling and decided to eye up Tammy Smith’s ass, nice, very nice.

Karen hung a crudely printed “Temporarily Closed” sign on the front doors.  After cleaning the mess and disinfecting it.  She put all the poor creatures in three separate black trash bags and put them in the trunk of her car.  Karen would take them to the woods somewhere and dump them.  She wanted to bury them, but she knew that it would take a jack-hammer to dig a hole in this frozen tundra. She called her brother and had him come over and put a new two by six wooden bar across the door.  Karen then called the locksmith and instructed him to put new tumblers in the locks.  It was time to go home, but first she had an unpleasant task to finish.  She pointed her car east and headed for Moaning Rock Road.  

Karen didn’t live on this road, but she had been out here enough with her friends drinking beer to know that there were some great spots.  Moaning Rock Road ran beside the river, most people simply called it the river road.  But, kids, no.  She came out here many times with her old school buddies.  There was a concrete marker that designated the spot where the Old Bridge Battle took place between a local militia and a group of starving Indians.  Boys would take their girlfriends there and tell them to sit on the marker and listen.  If the stone made a moaning sound the person sitting on it was a virgin, if not, well, Karen didn’t give a shit.  She wasn’t a virgin since the age of eleven.  Step-daddy took care of that little problem for her.

Karen found the marker easily.  She opened the trunk of her car and tugged at the bags until she had all three out on the ground.  She was racing the sunlight.  Karen didn’t realize it was getting so late.  She dragged each of the bags behind the concrete marker.  Shadows were getting deeper and Karen was getting a little edgy.  She pulled the last bag until it nestled up against the others behind the large stone.  Karen was holding herself up by leaning against the marker when she heard it.  The wind...it was the wind whistling through the trees, but there was no wind.  She heard it again.  “Sit on me, Karen, sit on me.”  Her stomach turned and she felt herself starting to fade.  “Come on Karen.  Let’s see what that little mound of mush between your legs is made of.”  Karen wet herself, slipped and fell in the yellowed snow as she went for her car. She began gagging.  She braced herself and stood up, dashing for the car.  Karen got behind the wheel.  Thank God the motor had been running.  She spun her tires on the snow and the front end began to sway toward the embankment behind the Moaning Rock.  Karen tried to right the wheels, but they kept spinning toward the river.  She slammed her foot on the breaks knowing she was out of control.  Karen and her car went soaring over the edge of the river bank.  The car landed on its side, on the driver’s side.

Karen pulled herself up to the passenger’s side.  Holding tightly on to the passenger’s side window she rolled the window down, climbing out into the night air.  In the dark light she could barely make out the tail end of her car, it was still butted against the river bank.  Karen climbed along the side of the car like she was climbing across a fallen log until she got to the river bank.  She found foothold in some shallow roots and made her way to the top of the embankment.  Karen was exhausted.  She lay in the snow for several moments trying to catch her breath and to catch her wits.  What next?  No choice necessary here, lady, you’re hoofin’ back to town.

The walk back to Lordes Crossing would be long., about five miles.  If she really kicked ass she could make it in an hour.  February was here, however, and the weather just might have something to say about how long it would take for little Karen to walk back to town.  Temperatures were diving quickly.  After about half a mile, her feet were beginning to feel weird.  It felt as though she was walking on needles.  Twenty minutes later Karen sat down on a pile of hard snow.  She could see lights on at a farmhouse not more than fifteen minutes down the road.  She would just stop and take a breather.  Karen lay on her back in the snow.  She could see the Big Dipper, but she couldn’t keep her eyes open.  The Big Dipper was the last thing Karen ever saw. 
Chapter Twenty-Eight

Mishok the Younger spent the evening in the Great Hall.  He had received another warning from the Master.  Apparently the Master had found out about the bitch that ran her car into the river.  Mishok was pissed.  So what?  He didn’t kill her.  She died from exposure, hypothermia.  He had given her a little scare, that’s all.  Mishok was getting really fed up with being considered the black sheep of the One Hundred.  Now that his little meeting was finished, he needed to go for a walk, maybe a walk out to the ol’ Moaning Rock.  Mishok chuckled inwardly.  The night was freezing, but he would have plenty of fur to keep him warm.

***

Hyena couldn’t contain his desire to circle the Talbert Massey encampment.  The taste of blood stayed on his tongue, a river rat had been at the wrong place at the wrong time.  He padded silently through some underbrush not far from the crude little trailer court Talbert called home.  Hyena was lying on his belly in the snow watching for the lights in the trailer to blink to darkness when he suddenly caught a smell barely riding in the wind.  It was Sir Talbert’s feline companion taking a shit next to an old tree stump.  Hyena quietly crept as close to the cat as possible without alarming the little creature.  The little monster stopped and stared right at him.  He saw Hyena and hissed, arrogant little bastard.  Hyena pounced.  The cat was gone, running through a crack between the bales of hay that surrounded the trailer.  He knew that chasing the little bastard would create a stir, so he walked casually over to the tree stump and lifted his leg and left his trademark.  Hyena didn’t look into the sky.  If he did he would’ve seen a small flying squirrel overhead making its way toward Lordes Crossing.

***

Legion had given the young Mishok another chance.  Why, he wasn’t sure.  He had had such great respect for the old Mishok that he could not destroy his protégé, at least not now.  Mishok’s loathing for the human, Talbert, amazed Legion.  He hated no one with such passion and couldn’t imagine someone who did.  He wished the young crosser would change his ways, held great possibilities.  Mishok the Younger was handling the spiritual side of his existence just fine.  He rebuilt the tattered crossing point beneath the old store, but he couldn’t resist his urge for violence, his demise for sure.

It’s true that he did not kill the woman who froze to death, but Legion thought there was more to it.  However, he had no proof.  His little searchers had been circling the pet store where they thought Mishok would return.  He told them to follow him everywhere, not to anticipate where they thought he would be. Legion personally killed the searchers who failed.  He charged several new searchers with the task of monitoring the blood thirsty little Mishok.  Good searchers were hard to find nowadays.  Legion smiled.  At this moment, things were looking good.  The young Pletus knew he was in a world of shit and so he killed himself.  This young creature was obviously unaware that he was knee-high in the “do-do.”  Although it would be tempting to see if the man Talbert Massey, could take care of the youngster, Legion wouldn’t have to do it.  He hated the idea of killing old Mishok’s fucked up, impulsive child.
 
Just maybe, the searchers would monitor this situation a little closer.  Legion was beginning to enjoy himself.
Chapter Twenty-Nine

I called Dirk and told him that I would be in Indianapolis for a couple of days.  I gave him the hotel phone number.

“Tal, how ‘bout calling me when you get down there? The roads are pretty damn bad. They just closed state road 17 goin’ north.”

I knew he was worried.  “All right, Dirk, I will, as soon as I get to my room.”

I packed a few necessities, a couple of changes of clothes, and the chalice.  I left Lordes Crossing at nine in the morning.  The day was subzero, but clear.  The wind as usual was gusting out of the north, northeast which was a good indication that the road to Indianapolis would not be easy.  It didn’t take long for the north and south roads to drift in Indiana.  I’ve seen such roads drifted shut with only a few inches of snow.

Indianapolis was normally a ninety minute drive, on that day it took three hours.  The farther south I traveled the more the snow fell.  Visibility was not good and the snow plows were slowing down.  I didn’t mind the delay in travel time, though.  I needed time to think things out.

For the past several months I was operating my emotions on an empty tank of gas.  I didn’t take time to discover what or who I was running from or where I was running to.  My life had no longer been mine.  I was being led by nightmares, monsters, and visionary dreams.  I was being guided, or pulled, to a destiny.  Whose destiny, I hadn’t a clue.  I wasn’t sure how much longer I had to live.  The way things were progressing, my days were numbered in the single digits.  I guess it really didn’t matter.  My first task once in Indianapolis was to visit Carmen again.  Although still in a coma, I still needed to see her.  Just seeing her and touching her still-warm hand would give me courage and more importantly hope.

Though Christian called himself Mishok, he remained Christian to me.  To think otherwise would be an admission of his power.  I know that doesn’t make sense, but it’s how I felt.  I would not acquiesce in any way to Christian’s power, or to his position in this world.  It made my stomach tighten to think about it.

The sun glared off the snow causing my eyes to be in a perpetual squint.  I reached into the glove compartment and found my sunglasses.  In spite of the sunshine the day turned into gloom.  Before my trip I had made contact with Joseph Capello, the patiarch of the Capello and Sons Gold and Silver Inc.  Capello was one of the few silversmiths left in Indiana.  He was willing to help me without questions and at the time I needed no questions.  After visiting with Carmen, my next stop would be the experts.

I continued to think about Christian during my harrowing drive.  Christian had become a Satanist, or was born a Satanist, or maybe he was Satan.  The latter idea was unlikely.  Christian was also a shape shifter as wild and unbelievable as that may seem, he was one.  There had been some strange events occurring over the past several months that have influenced my thinking.  I believe deeply that Christian Mishok Mason was responsible for each of those events.  First, Big Dirk’s wife saw a huge dog with massive jawls, almost causing her to wreck their car.  Second, Corrina was dead, a big dog observed running across the road, but not seen anywhere at the accident scene.  Third, something or someone broke into the kennel, two or three cats missing.  Fourth, something or someone broke into The Pet Place, four or five a found in a pile with their entrails removed.  Finally, the manager of Pet Place was found frozen to death out on River Road.  They traced her tracks back to Moaning Rock, her car on its side in the river, huge dog tracks found all around the historical monument.  All of these incidents plus the unusually large paw prints I found around an old tree stump in my backyard reinforced my belief that young Christian Mishok was a dangerous creature and needed to be dealt with, and I knew that I was the sole person to do the dealing.  

I was alone in this dilemma.  Of course, Big Dirk had been very supportive, but Dirk had a family, and his life was precious to them.  He was a needed man, not only by his family, but also by the town.  He was the catalyst that kept the wheels of commerce rolling at Lordes Crossing.There was also Bunky.  Bunky was a friend forever, but Bunky was a man who revered his solitude and all of its amenities.  I couldn’t bring myself to involve a simple man in a very cruel and complicated matter.

I arrived in Indianapolis around noon, ate a quick lunch, and headed straight for the hospital.  Carmen lay with eyes closed.  Still, she was as beautiful as ever.  Many of her wounds were starting to heal.  They would be no more than small scars once healing completed.  I stayed by her side for almost two hours.  My watch indicated that I had to get moving.  I bent over to kiss her cheek wishing she knew, wishing she could respond.

***

Joseph Capello was a short, squat man with brown darting eyes.  He asked no questions, but I could tell in his eyes as he evaluated the silver cup that he had many.  He told me to come back the next day after lunch. My item would be ready for pick-up.  I left Capello’s and headed for the hotel.  I needed some luxury and a good meal.

I dined at “Pubby’s Cafe” on the bottom floor of the hotel.  My meal was a simple one, a glass of red wine, a medium-rare T-bone, tossed salad, and baked potato.  Sitting at my table, I watched couples come and go, some looking happy, others looking gravely unhappy.  It made me gravely sad, or maybe a little bit pissed, to think that these people weren’t happy.  They should be happy.  They have each other.  I lost my Carmen forever, but they’ve only lost moments of understanding.  I paid for my meal and left.

I went to my room.  It looked like every other hotel room, everything except for the matchbooks bolted down, such a trusting world.  I turned on the television.  Its constant drone kept me company, bad company.  I called Dirk and told him that I had made through the blizzard.  He was on edge.  “Tal, we were worried about you.”

“Sorry, I was hungry and my stomach prevailed over my common sense.”

“As long as you’re okay?  Did your visit with Carmen go okay?”
“Yes”

“Are you sure? You’re sounding pretty funky.”

“Maybe a little funky.  Listen I’m gonna call it a night.  I apologize again for not calling you sooner.  I’ve been pretty preoccupied lately.  I’ll be home tomorrow around mid-afternoon, maybe we can talk then, okay?”  I didn’t want to talk about Carmen.  I didn’t want to talk about anything.  I was exhausted.

I hung the phone up, feeling progressively more depressed.  I needed a hot shower and good night’s rest.

***

“Wake up, Tal.  Wake up and see me.”  I opened my eyes with dread.  It was Carmen, not the evil one.  I spoke to her and I could hear myself speaking, “Carmen, I don’t think I can do it...I can’t...”  I couldn’t get the word out. Carmen’s vision, or spirit, spoke softly, pleadingly, “Tal, it’s too late to resolve whether you can’t or if you can do it.”  She continued in a soft, but urgent tone, “Tal, the resolve now is that you must do it...you must!”  Carmen began fading away, I begged, “Don’t Leave me, Carmen.  Please don’t leave me.”

I woke up with sun filtering through the heavy hotel draperies.  My mood was no better.  Life-like dreams of my dead lover did not help matters. I had a feeling that my disposition wasn’t going to improve until all of this was over, until I had finally stopped the wheels of evil from rolling over my world.  I had to stop Christian.

Chapter Thirty

Mr. Capello greeted me without a smile.  I couldn’t read the man, nor did I want to.  He had completed the job and I handed him a certified check for his services. He nodded his appreciation and I left.  

My trip back to Lordes Crossing was much less treacherous and took much less time.  I was even able to enjoy some of the countryside.  Indiana is much prettier off the interstates.  I don’t suppose many travelers can truly appreciate the occasional rolling hills, wide-open fields, and small farmhouses that line the state and county roads.  

I was greeted by Bunky when I pulled into my driveway.  He didn’t look happy.  When he was unhappy Bunky wasted no words.  “Hey, Tal, where in the hell have you been?”  “Sheriff Mahat was here and said he needed to talk to you, said it was important.”

I called.  Joanie Corn answered.  She was the token female in the sheriff’s department and the blunt of many debasing gender jokes, but for some unknown reason she remained loyal to the sheriff.  “Sheriff’s out at Moaning Rock, he wants you to meet him out there.”

I was troubled.  What could he want with me out there?  I didn’t want to think about the answer.  Moaning Rock was about a twenty minute drive from my place.  My stomach had tied itself into several knots by the time I noticed three sheriff’s department vehicles parked along the gravel road.  Sheriff Mahat was motioning me over before I had gotten out of my car.  I pushed myself out of the seat and walked over to where he was impatiently standing. He pointed to the concrete marker.  “Tal, somebody doesn’t like you very much.”  My knees tried to give way as I read TALBERT, YOU’RE LAST scrawled barely legible on the monument.  The words appeared to be written in blood.  As if reading my mind, the sheriff said without emotion, “We’re sendin’ it to the lab.  Don’t know yet if it’s human.”

I couldn’t speak.  I was at that emotional crossroad between anger and terror.  I was leaning toward anger.  I had had enough.  Of course, I was the last.  He and his evil old fuck of a stepfather, or whatever the bastard was, did away with my family, what could have been Christian’s family.  The ruthless little teenage werewolf once had a normal, almost normal, family - a mother, a father, uncle, grandmother, and pets, all of which were dead, except for me.  I moaned loudly, “Of course I’m last, you...you miserable little son-of-a-bitch!”  The sheriff and his deputies looked at me strangely.  I said nothing.  Sheriff Mahat broke the silence.  “Tal, do you know someone who would do this?”  

I looked at him and shrugged, “I think maybe I do, sheriff.  But, I have no proof.  As you folks in the legal business would say, ‘It’s all circumstantial’.”

“What are you saying...are you saying that someone is after you?”

I was trapped.  The only way to free myself was to give sheriff a small piece of bait on a large hook.  I told him that I thought Christian was a very sick young man.  I failed to mention Satan, the Master, old Mishok, and the Crossing Point.  I told him that Christian may have been responsible for the break-ins and mutilations.  Sheriff Mahat took the bait and swallowed the entire hook.
“I’ll get some of my deputies on it, Tal.  I’ll use the same picture that the Department of Family Services used  to put out a search for him.  I think we will need to talk to the young man.”

I was glad to get away from the sheriff.  I felt certain that Christian would never be found by anyone looking for him using his old picture.  I was damn certain that Christian was looking a great deal differently than he once looked.  Christian was no longer eating bran flakes for breakfast.  I believe he preferred puppy and feline flakes.  I shuttered at the sickening thought.

A gnawing thought kept eating at me.  Why me?  Why did he say I was the last?  His Aunt Carmen was still alive.  After all, she was to be his next victim.  Did he know something about her?  Was he expecting her to die soon?  Or maybe the humanness in him still loved her and couldn’t finish the job. Too many questions without answers and maybe there were no answers.

Chapter Thirty-One

Terry Benson and a couple of his buddies decided to walk over to the Parkers’ pond and do some ice skating.  The pond was frozen over except for a few sposts where a handfull of brave mallard ducks swam and pecked at the breadcrumbs tossed to them by Terry and his friends.  Terry always brought stale bread for them.  He saved it in a paper bag in his room, receiving a great deal of chiding from his older brother. 

Terry was eleven, oldest of the small band of pirates, as they called themselves.  Buzz Waters was almost eleven, Ace Annis was nine, and they, like Terry, loved to ice skate.  The boys were whipping up a game of sponge ball catch when a bright orange color caught Terry’s attention.  Glimpsing it just out of the corner of his eyes, he turned to see what it was and the sponge ball hit him in the head, the others laughed.  Terry was looking at a orange hunter’s hat floating in the water.  Soon Buzz and Ace were tracking Terry’s eyes and saw the hat too.  And then, they saw much, much more than three young boys should.

Next to the hat was a body lying face down in the frigid water, just below the surface.  The boys collectively screamed and ran up to old man Parker’s small house.  They found the back door unlocked and bravely went in.  Terry spotted the telephone and ran to it.  He first dialed 9-1-1 and then called his dad, and dad immediately called Tal Massey.

A natural behavior for boys their age is not to use common sense, the pirates were no exception.  Instead of waiting for help to arrive, they decided that they would do some investigating of their own.  They ran without caution to the pond to do a quick pirate’s examination of the body in the pond.  In so doing, they trampled on and covered some extremely large paw prints leading to the pond, paw prints that resembled those of a large, dangerous animal.

***

By the time Big Dirk and I got to the Parker place two sheriff’s cars and an ambulance were already at the pond, fishing the corpse out of the water.  Sheriff Mahat, looking haggard, stood with his hands on his hips.  “It’s old man Parker.  His chest has been split wide open, empty.”  Almost in the same breath he said, “Dirk, you need to get those kids out of here, this is no place for kids.”

The paramedics were grimly slipping the old man into a body bag.  I stood staring, reality enclosing me, as the sheriff spoke the yet unspoken.  “He’s starting after people now.”  He looked at me carefully, “Massey, I think you know more than you’re telling.  What say we go get a cup of coffee.”

We drove to Bob and Jo’s.  It was close to quitting time, customers were sparse.  We found an isolated table.  Both of us had a hot cup of coffee, the sheriff had a piece of lemon pie.  He began, “Tal, you can’t hunt this killer down by yourself.  There’s a name for that kind of behavior you know, obstruction of justice.”  I looked at him and turned away.  “Look at me, Tal!  God damn boy, look at me!  There are people and animals being killed and mutilated out there. What is it, why are you playing the silent role what are you hiding?  Do you fear criticism?  Is that it?  Well let me tell you somethin’, there aint no story so crazy or unbelievable when you’re trying to solve a crime.  Right now, all I have are dead bodies...animals and people.”  Half pleading and half demanding he said, “Talk to me, Tal, talk to me.”

I did talk, reluctantly, but I spilled the whole crazy, surreal, tragedy.  Sheriff Mahat was silent and was nonjudgmental.  Bob gave up and went home, telling us to lock up for him.  We sat in the dark as I continued to weave a story  much darker than the lighting in Bob and Jo’s Cafe.  Outside, the black sky erupted with a million stars, a large deadly creature lurked along the river banks smelling every piss hole it came upon.

***

I didn’t get home until after eleven.  It was a clear night and the coldness had entrenched itself into the countryside.  I shivered as I unlocked the front door. Char and Cat were happy to see me for about five minutes, leaving me for some fresh water in their bowl.  I checked the answering machine, three messages.  The first two were from telemarketers selling things that I never wanted.  The third message sent chills through me.  It was a voice I didn’t recognize, “Mr. Massey, my name is Mr. Legion, you don’t know me, but I know you...yes, I know you very well.  I’m calling regarding young Christian, as you call him.  To me, he is Mishok.  Mr. Massey, you are a dead man.”

“I cannot stop the young Hyena.  I have been stripped of the power to stop him.  It is in your hands.  I fear, though, that your recent trip to Mr. Capello, the world renowned silversmith, was wasted.  Your silver chalice will stop no one.”  The phone went dead.  I let out a deep breath through my mouth.  I realized that I had not taken a breath throughout the strange telephone call.  I pushed the save button on the answering machine, only the telemarketer messages were saved.  

It was almost midnight.  I would not sleep.  I had begun working on a new story, a compilation of sci-fi ideas. This would be an easy one to write, I had no shortage on horror stories to tell. I jumped when the phone rang.  It was midnight.

The voice on the other end of the line was one I didn’t recognize, a woman.  “Tal Massey?”

“Yes.  Who is this and do you know what time it is?”

“The first part of the question I can answer, I’m Kristina Lata.  The second part, I’m not sure.  I live in Cheyenne, Wyoming, and I’m not sure what our time difference is.”

“Okay, Kristina Lata, I’m havin’ a bad hair day and I’m not really in the mood for guessing games and/or prank calls.  So what do you want with me?”

She didn’t hesitate, “Call me Tina and I’ve called because I know you’re in trouble.  I have been trying to contact you for days.  Your name was coming through to me, but nothing else.  I had a friend who is a nature lover and he said that he thought he had read some wildlife articles written by you.”  Dramatically she said, “And Wha-la there your name was in the Writer’s Directory on the internet.”

“Wait a minute...Tina, you said that you called me because you know I am in trouble.  How do you...how could you know?”

“I’m clairvoyant.  You are being pursued by a crosser.”

Stunned, I asked, “How do you know about crossers.”

She replied casually, “Tal, anyone with paranormal qualities and anyone who deals with the darker side of the paranormal phenomenon knows that crossers exist as certainly as grass grows and dogs shit.  I want to help you.  No, I said that wrong.  I can help and I am coming out to Indiana.”

“Wait a minute, how do I know you’re not one of them?  And, more specifically, how in the fuck do you know about my troubles?”  I was beginning to get a little agitated.  She stopped me in my tracks.

“Dreams.”

“What?”

“Tal, I’ve been dreaming...dreams about a large, cold weather hyena.  They used to exist you know.  Ice Age...hyenas were at one time a cold weather animal.”  She became solemn.  “Tal, he’s coming after you...Tal, you’re the last.”

I froze.  “What...what...did you say?”

I said, “The hyena is taking you out last.  I’ll be in Indianapolis tomorrow night at nine, your time.  I’m renting a car.  Give me directions to your trailer.”  She knew I lived in a trailer.  What else did she know?  I gave her directions, hung up, and sat blankly looking at the phone.  This is pure insanity.

First, the strange phone-call from a man named, Legion.  The name itself certainly indicated evilness.  Was Satan not said to be Legions?  Was he right?  Was my little plan all for naught?  But, he said that it was in my hands, which suggests that I have some power over Mishok.  I could feel panic in my stomach.  

Second, the strange phone-call from a precocious young lady from Wyoming who has been reading my thoughts and dreams was flying to Indianapolis the next day.  Who was she?  Was she the enemy?  I didn’t think so.  Instinct told me she was a friend and God knows I needed a friend right now.  This was all happening too fast and it all seemed unreal.  I wasn’t sure if I could handle the enormousness of this event, or the horror of it. I was worn out.  I finally fell asleep.
***

I hadn’t been asleep very long.  I was awakened by the two cats hissing and growling.  I froze like steel.  Someone was in my house.  I could smell them.  It was the smell of wet fur.  My bowels wanted to move, but I held myself tightly.

“Hello, Talbert.”  It was more of a snarl than a voice.  It was Christian.  “I see that you are little surprised by my visit.”  He was staring at the wet spot on my pajamas.  He grinned a yellowed grin.

I managed to speak, “Christian?”

“No!  I am not Christian, that’s your invention.”  He laughed vacantly, “I will never be a Christian.”

“Okay, then, Mishok.”  I attempted conversation.  “What has happened to you?  Who are you?” and where is the old Mishok?”  Christian looked at me with eyes glazed with hatred.

“The old fuck is dead.  Did you know what the old man was?”

I surprised him, “He was a crosser.  Now you are a crosser.  But I don’t understand what that means.”  

“Of course, you don’t know what it means.”  He said malevolently.  “You know nothing except that you wish to kill me and you will never...”  He didn’t finish.  

“Then, enlighten me please.”  I tried some sarcasm.  Mishok appeared in the shadows of the moon trickling through the curtains to be stone cold and murderous, but his words did not convey that impression.

“Let me tell you this Mr. Talbert, a man doesn’t just die, ceasing to exist.  We cross.”  

“Cross?”

“We cross to the existence of our choice.  You don’t know because you haven’t made a choice, even about god.”  How did he know that?  “You see, I have been chosen at birth, before birth.  Yes, Talbert, I was in Ruthie’s womb, but I was never of this world, nor will I ever be.  I have been chosen to gather my Master’s sheep.”

“What about those who have died because of you, is that a part of your Master’s plan...to kill...to destroy those who don’t believe things your way?”  My anger was building.

“Are you speaking of Ruthie?  The old man fucked her to death.  She was weak, too weak for evilness, she was human.  Ruthie never gave herself completely to the old-fuck so she couldn’t live side by side with evil for very long.  It ate her up like a cancer.  Do you understand that, Mr. Talbert?”  His voice raised an octave, “Evil and, what you claim as good, cannot exist on the same plane of existence.”

I pressed, “What about Carmen and Corrina?”

“What is it you want to know?”
“Why did you not finish killing your Aunt Carmen?”

Christian stood up and began pacing the floor.  I needed to reach for my newly created silver spike made for me by Capello and Sons.  I kept it under my pillow on the bed.  As long as Christian paced I could slowly work myself to the bed.  His voice thundered, “Aunt Carmen is not my real aunt.  She has another man’s blood in her and I felt no need to finish her off as you say.  That little bitch Corrina annoyed me.  Now you know.”  He became crazed again, “What is it Talbert?  You want sympathy?”

I reached the bed and had my hand under the pillow without remark.  He continued to pace and rant.  “I won’t give you sympathy. Sorry ‘bout your luck.”

I felt the anger tightening its grip on my neck with the same strength Christian had once used as a child trying to strangle me.  I tried to push the anger aside.  I needed my wits about me in order to perform my task.  I spoke quietly.  “And so, Christian, have you come to kill me?”  I used his given name purposely.

The anger seethed, “I am not a Christian, nor am I your Christian.”  Ruthlessly he smiled.  “No, Talbert, your little baby Christian was flushed down the toilet a few minutes after you banged dear little Ruthie.  To answer your question, No I’ve not come to kill you.  Not yet, Talbert.  Don’t be in such a hurry.”  His face was no more than two inches from my face.  I could smell the rotting soul inside of him, but I could not position myself well enough to get the spike from under the pillow without him seeing it.  Nor is it your time yet, Christian.  “Don’t be in such a hurry to die, Talbert.  I will grant you that honor very soon.”  His laughter vibrated the windows and caused the cats to hiss from under their hiding places.  Christian abruptly stopped, listened as if he heard a silent whistle, and rushed out the front door, leaving only a peculiar scent...the scent of death.  I finally felt the spike in my hand, but Mishok had disappeared.

Chapter Thirty-Two

Kristina  found my little trailer without difficulty. She was pretty and maybe twenty years younger than me.  Tina had black hair, brown eyes, and was shapely.  Most importantly she was in charge.  From the moment she walked into my world until the time she walked out, Tina Lata was in charge.  I was glad.  I no longer was looking at anything objectively and I needed someone to guide me through this, Tina did just that.

“He’s been here, hasn’t he?  You’ve made contact.”

“Yes.”  I told her about the strange phone call before hers and I told her about Christian’s visit.”  I told her about the dream I had had telling me to buy the silver chalice and then the instructions I had received to have the chalice melted down and turned into a razor sharp spike.

“Let me see it.”  She charged.  I showed her the spike, carefully handing it to her handle first.  She held it and closed her eyes.  She stayed in this state for several minutes then dropped the spike to the floor as if it were on fire.  “This isn’t it.”

“What?”  I was dumbfounded.

“This isn’t what you need.  The real chalice even melted down would be pure silver.  This is not. We need to go shopping again at the antique store.  This time I do the looking, okay?” 
“Okay.”

Tina liked to talk, solitude would soon be a thing of the past.  Her first night here we talked until early morning, even though I had had only a hint of sleep the night before.  Tina first talked about herself, putting me at ease.  She took a Master’s Degree from the University of Wyoming, earned her doctorate at American University.  She studied paranormal science and did her dissertation on “Trans-life Communication.”  She had never been married, never had kids, and never wanted marriage or kids.  I was beginning to like Tina more with each word she uttered.

I showed her the room she would be calling a bedroom.  I noticed her distaste for the early traditional mobile home decor, but she was glad for the small shower stall and sink in her own room.  I went to my room feeling somehow renewed.  I slept through the night without incident.  I was awakened by a knock on the door.  It was Bunky.  Good ol’ Bunky.  

“Hey, I didn’t recognize the wheels.”  He pointed to Tina’s car.  “Thought maybe somethin’ was wrong.”

I’m sure I looked sheepish.  “No, nothin’s wrong.  I have a guest who’s an old friend of Carmen’s.”  I lied, but it worked.  “She’s going to be here a few days.  Thanks for your concern, Bunk.”  I closed the door, put my back to it, and exhaled deeply.  Tina stood there in only a long shirt.  God, it’s been awhile. The thought passed quickly.

“Is everything okay?”

“Yeah, just the neighbor  being a neighbor.”  She grinned and went back to her room, calling behind her.

“You got anything to eat around here?”  She definitely was not bashful.

“I think I can dig up some coffee, eggs, and bacon.”

“Sounds good, I’ll be out in a few minutes.”

We spent the morning talking and making plans.  Tina revealed, “We must do this soon.  He will kill again.  Tal, your days are numbered.”  

“Gee, nothing like telling me like it is.  Let’s get to the antique store.”

We drove over to Harrison’s.  I turned her loose and she was like a bloodhound after a rabbit.  Tina left no pile of junk unturned.  After about an hour, I began getting restless.  I went over to the used book shelves and looked for something to read.  I sat down on a stool and perused all the old classics lining the shelves.  My boredom left quickly when I saw a couple of Leon Uris classics, maybe life was good after all.

About three hours after we got there, I heard Tina clear her throat conspicuously.  I looked towards her.  She was motioning frantically and silently for me to come over.  She whispered, “This is it.”  I looked in disbelief.  She was holding a battered piece of metal that looked as though it had been ran over by a bulldozer.

“Are you sure?”  

She looked at me with indignation.  I apologized.  She teasingly ignored me and went to the front of the store and asked Edna how much she would charge for the piece.

Edna looked suspiciously, probably wondering if this piece of junk was secretly valuable, and said, “That’ll cost you five bucks,” adding, “it’s real silver, you know.”  I gave her five bucks, wondering myself if I had just bought a piece of tin.  We went back to the trailer.

Tina insisted that I call Capello and Sons in Indianapolis to see if we could bring this piece to him yet today.  Capello was no more personable than the last time I had called him.  “I can stay open until six, that’s it.  This may increase the cost of the finished product by a few dollars.”  I discovered that a few dollars to Mr. Capello was an even one hundred.  I agreed to his blue-light special and hung the phone up.  Tina and I packed a few necessities and was in my car in less than thirty minutes.

Our trip to Indianapolis was filled with Tina-stories.  She led a fascinating life and had some extraordinary talents.

“Tina, when did you first realize that you had a penchant for the supernatural?”

“It’s not supernatural, it’s paranormal.”  She corrected me.  “I was about nine years old.  My mother remarried after dad’s death.  One night, my mother was tucking me into bed and telling me one of her corny bedtime stories when suddenly a thought came to me that George, my stepfather was going to get hurt in some kind of an accident.  My mother hugged me and thought I was just trying to be a cute and loving little stepchild.  I wasn’t.  I kept insisting that he would be hurt by something falling.  Of course, I was nine and who listened to a nine-year-old?  To make a long story short, George had two fingers smashed by an engine flywheel that dropped on his hand.  Emergency room doctors cut them off.”

Our trip seemed to take much less time than usual.  We pulled up at Capello and Son’s at precisely five-fifty.  Capello examined the item and asked, “You want the same instrument as before made from this?”  I said that I did.  Tina asked him if he could please include a scabbard for the finished spike.  Capello sighed and nodded.  We left the silversmith and found a hotel, ordered two rooms.  It was a dreamless night, thank God, but I felt guilty that I wasn’t far from Carmen’s hospital.  I should’ve gone to see her, but I was preoccupied with this silver weapon and how I would use it on Christian.

***

We ate breakfast at an old-fashioned diner nearby.  Tina seemed re-energized and so did I.  We drove to Capello’s.  This time I paid cash which appeared to draw a flicker of a response from Mr. Capello.  The silver spike looked just like the other one Capello made, but of course the other one was not created from the correct chalice, this one was.  The small scabbard that Capello placed the spike in appeared to be a used one, used probably for some kind of a large hunting knife.  The scabbard was made to fit on an ordinary belt.  I would soon be wearing it, I dreaded the day.

The drive back to Lordes Crossing was quieter.  Tina and I both knew that the next few days would be apocalyptic.  We had resigned ourselves to an inevitable confrontation with the young Mishok.  Our plans were drawn.  We did not speak the unspeakable.  We knew that within twenty-four hours someone would be missing from our triangle. We hoped upon hope that it would be Christian.
Chapter Thirty-Three

Tina and I met Big Dirk and Sheriff Mahat at Bob and Jo’s for lunch.  I introduced Tina to the guys, Dirk slyly winked at me and I think I blushed.  We told them of our plans.  They both disputed our plans and insisted that it was too dangerous.  Sheriff Mahat went so far as to warn us that if he saw either of us at the Mishok Jewelry Store he would arrest us.  Dirk protested.  He wanted to be a part of the plan, but we told him that he was excluded.  His family needed him more right now than we did.  Sheriff Mahat said that we were obstructing justice and he ought to “run us in.”  We all knew that he wouldn’t.

The day wore on, slowly.  It’s funny how time is unpredictable.  When you’re looking forward to something fun and exciting, time drags.  And, if you’re looking forward to something with dread, time flies fast.  But, in this case, Tina and I were looking forward to something with dread, but time was dragging.  We wanted to get it over with.

Darkness arrives early in the dead of winter.  We drove to Canal Street, parked two blocks away, and walked silently to the jewelry store.  It was dark, but that meant nothing.  After all, Mishok the dog or hyena worked his best in the darkness.  We walked around to the side entrance of the rennovated building, not wanting to be seen by the authorities, especially Sheriff Mahat.  The old wooden door had been replaced by a fire retardant steel one, but it was unlocked.  My stomach was churning and Tina looked pale, but she also had fierceness about her.  She looked courageous.  I felt for the spike in its scabbard attached to my belt.  The door being unlocked could only have meant one thing, he was expecting us.

We walked through the door.  We were immediately hit by the stench, the sickening sweet smell of decomposition.  There was death in this building.  Not surprisingly so, the light switches didn’t work.  We were in the dark, but we both carried flashlights.  Tina flicked hers on first.  A deep rumbling voice spoke out from the darkness.  “You little bitch, turn your high beams off.”  It was Mishok.  She hesitated.  “Did you hear me you little slut?”  Tina snapped off her flashlight immediately.  “Ah, that’s much better.  So, you two little worms have come to challenge me.”  I couldn’t believe what I was hearing.  Tina was indeed challenging him.

“Who are you?   Why do you want to kill Tal?” 

He whispered insanely, “No dear, you’re wrong.  Now I wish to kill you and my loving father, Talbert.”  His laughter skidded off the walls and vibrated through the floor.
“Mishok, in the name of Jesus Christ, why are you here?”  Mishok was silent for a moment.  He screamed as if in pain.
“Do not use that name within these hallowed walls, you little tramp.  You really are a  little tramp aren’t you? Do you know who I am, sweetie?” Surprising me, Tina replied boldly.  

“You’re a cog in the big guy’s wheel.  You’re a miserable little crosser and from the sounds of things the big guy himself ain’t too fuckin’ happy with your current leisure-time activities.”  

Again, silence.  I felt my knees starting to give way to gravity.

“You’re a crosser.”  she continued without prompt, “which means your job is to introduce the spirits of the dead to the Order of the Unholy.  I know more than you think, Mr. Mishok.”  “This ruse of a store is the crossing point for evil spirits.  You’re simply an unholy little tour guide.”

“That’s right, teeny, I am a crosser, a miserable little crosser, and you...you are a dead little bitch.”  

I managed to scream, “Stop, Christian!”  He turned and snarled.  “I told you not to call me...”  He stopped and sniffed the air.  “I smell a little heathen creature somewhere in this building.”  Mishok was becoming confused.  His animal-side wanted to hunt whatever creature it was that he smelled.  In fact, before our very eyes Mishok began changing.  He dropped to his knees which were turning strangely into legs, but he stopped changing.  It was as if he had forgotten about Tina and I.  He changed back to the human form.  Mishok began preaching madly to us both.

“I am a member of the One Hundred, an elite group of unholy warriors who are born into thier position of power.  We are the only living creatures allowed to cross from one side to the other.”  

Tina pressed, “Side?”
Proudly Mishok spoke, “Side.  Where do you think evilness goes?  Do you think it floats in the air and hangs like clouds over this worthless world?  Like everything else, evil has a place to go, the Netherworld.  The Netherworld is more or less the hereafter for the damned.  In other words, Hell. This jewelry store ‘ruse’, as you call it, is a gateway to Hell.”

I gathered my wits about me as Mishok preached his morbid gospel to us.  I needed two steps, maybe three, to be within striking distance of him. Tina must have somehow read my mind, or felt my mind.  She tried to distract Mishok.  “So, I believe you were in the process of telling me that I was dead.”  He wouldn’t take the bait.  Mishok turned on me and seethed.

“Talbert, you’re not really thinkin’ about trying to overpower your old buddy here, now, are you?”  His mouth emitted a rancid smell as he roared with laughter.  I took one slight step forward, but it was no use.  Mishok pulled a Ruger 357 mag. out of his belt and pointed it at me.  

Just then, Tina said sardonically. “What...the great crosser has to kill the human way?  Isn’t that just a drip of irony.”  

Mishok had his hand on the trigger when suddenly he stopped and sniffed the air again.  He changed.  Mishok became the great dog, or Hyena, and snarled at us.  But, he was preoccupied.  He took off running toward the back room.  I went running after him.  Mishok disappeared.  I shined the flashlight and saw a hole in the floor.  I told Tina to go get the car and wait for me with the engine running.  I didn’t wait for her reply.

I ran to his hole in the floor.  It appeared to be a sewer entrance.  How Mishok got down I haven’t a clue.  I just knew that I had to follow.

I felt this crazy, incongruent urge to laugh as I climbed down the cold, wet steel ladder leading to the sewer tunnel.  I thought of all the movies I had seen in which the good guy chased the bad guy either up a tower or down into a tunnel.  How many times did I call the protagonist a fool for letting himself get trapped in such a way.  Once in the tunnel I was a trapped man, trapped by the ultimate in evilness, trapped by a young boy I had thought to be my son.  I felt suddently ill, but I held myself steady, there was no time.

Twice, my feet slipped off the ladder.  I felt myself dangling in the air each time and each time I managed to swing myself back to the ladder.  To fall now would end it all, but maybe that wouldn’t be so bad.

Finally at the bottom of the ladder, I felt warm, moisture oozing around my ankles.  I was standing in something that I didn’t want to think about.  My eyes were trying to adjust to the dim light in the tunnel.  I pulled my flashlight out of my back pocket and switched it on.  It didn’t fail, but the yellow circle of light it projected was not a good sign.  I think my everlasting batteries were wearing out.  The yellow circle of light began getting dimmer.  I bent slightly to tap the flashlight against my leg.  Just as I had done this, a warm “swish” went over my head.  A bird?  A bat?  It swooshed over my head again.  Soon, the swishing began rapidly firing over my head from all directions.  I felt myself panic.  I fell down into a squatting position, thinking I would be out of their line of flying, the “swooshes” fell with me.  

Soon they, whatever “they” were, begin hitting the top of my head.  At first they were merely brushing against my hair, then they began hitting harder until they were throwing me with each hit against the side of the tunnel.  I was being pummeled.  I started swinging wildly with my flashlight until I accidently rammed it against the wall, shattering it.  Abruptly the swooshing stopped.  My flashlight.  Apparently the flashligh agitated the creatures into frenzy.  Now I was left to walk the tunnel into the dimness of an occasional bare hanging light bulb, like something in a prison camp.

I followed the tunnel into what appeared to be a dead end.  It was a huge room, maybe 50 yards long and just as wide.  There were wrapped steam pipes lined all along the ceiling of the room.  This must have been some kind of maintenance room for utility workers, then I notice a ladder leading up to an outside entrance.  It looked like a typical manhole.  Cautiously I walked over to the ladder and looked up.  I saw stars. There was no cover.  I heard a clatter inside the big room, I turned.  When I turned I felt a tremendous weight taking me down to the wet concrete floor.  It was the Hyena.  Its breath making me want to vomit, but there was no time.  I felt overpowered.  I was certain that Mishok the Hyena was much more powerful than Mishok the boy.  Without warning the hyena stopped.  I immediately squirmed out from under him.  He was changing again.  

“I will do this slowly Mr. Talbert, very slowly.  Where’s your little playmate?”  

My fear soon turned to anger, surprising myself,  “You know everything you punk fuckin’ kid, you tell me.”  

He sneered, “It is time.”  Mishok the human pulled his gun out.  This time I prayed silently as I closed my eyes.  Then I heard it...a hissing.  It sounded like a cat.  Mishok looked up at the cat, it looked like Cat, Carmen’s cat.  I couldn’t tell.  All of a sudden the cat jumped on Mishok’s head.  He wrapped his hands around the cat and began choking it.  The cat was struggling.

When I saw this, I pulled my spike out of its scabbard and with one quick motion I drove the razor-sharp instrument into Mishok’s chest and shoved it upwards into his heart.  His eyes stared at me as if in shock.  His lips moved, but I couldn’t make out what he was saying. He muttered a noise before he hit the floor, a noise that sounded much like a wounded animal, perhaps a Hyena.

Chapter Thirty-Four

Tina had the car running as I dashed out Cat wrapped in my winter coat was dead.  I screamed, “Let’s get the hell out of here!”  “I killed him, Tina, our job is finished.  I killed Mishok.”  She did not move.

“We have one thing left to do.”  I looked at her quizzically.  She pulled the trunk switch and stepped out of the car.  Tina hastily ran over to the empty store carrying a large box.  It looked heavy.  She motioned for me to stay.  I waited for what seemed a long time.  Finally she came out and ran to the car carrying something in her hand.  She handed it to me.

I asked, “What the hell is this?  It looks like a remote control for television.”

She laughed crazily, “No, it’s a remote controlled plunger.  And when we get to the end of the block I want you to push that red button.”  The car spun out of the parking place shakily.  We got to the end of the block in no time.  She gleefully said, “It’s all yours, Tal.”  I pushed the plunger.  The explosion vibrated Lordes Crossing.  Mishok’s Jewelry Store and this particular gateway to Hell were now permanently closed to business.

***

Speedily flying through town a small bat-like creature was making its way to its Master.  The crossing point had been obliterated, but alternative plans for just such an event had been made hundreds of years ago.  The creature had a long trip before it.  The emergency entrance was located in northern Kentucky in an isolated cave The creature flew with purpose and with fear.  The Master would not be happy if the flight was a failure.

The searcher, as the creature was called, had been in the tunnel when the man,Talbert, began chasing the Crosser.  He and two hundred other searchers had attempted to turn the man around, but couldn’t.  Their eyes were not good in the dark and they had a difficult time making contact with the man.  Searchers were not created as warriors, they were created for monitoring and investigating various questionable behaviors presented by Crossers and other Netherland soldiers.

The searcher was now flying south, having just left the Lordes Crossing city limits.  The orange glow from crossing point was a reminder that he needn’t stop to rest on his way south.

Chapter Thirty-Five

Tina and I had breakfast at Bob and Jo’s.  Delta was our waitress again.  My curiosity surfaced, 

“Delta, how did you ever come by that name?”
“Well, tell ya what.  My daddy told me that him and mom were havin’ kids like the Mississippi River.  But, like the Mississippi River, there’s gotta be an end.  The end of the Mississippi is the...”

The three of us spoke in unison, “Delta.”  We couldn’t stop laughing.  We were laughing because of Delta’s name, but Tina and I were laughing for other reasons too.  We were laughing because it was the only way we knew to express an unspoken joy felt between us.  

Big Dirk and his family came in for breakfast.  He noticed us and smiled, giving us the “thumbs up” signal, no words necessary.  I had hoped Sheriff Mahat would show up that morning, but according to Delta there had been one hell of an explosion down on Canal Street.  Tina and I laughed again.  This time Delta didn’t join in.  She scratched her head and went to another table.

The temperature outside was rising and the sun never looked better.  Spring was not far away.  The world was looking better to me.  

I couldn’t wait to get back to my home on the river, and to Char.  I wandered sadly if Char and Cat had drawn straws to see which one would go to the sewer hole last night and save my fanny.  It made me look at Char a little differently.  It made me wonder just how much like humans are animals?  Or, are animals the bright ones?  

As if reading my mind, Tina sarcastically said, “Tal, you know humans can only be distinguished from animals by their reasoning abilities.”

We laughed.  In fact, we laughed almost the whole day, until darkness surrounded the river.  The moon shimmered across the snow and illuminated an old tree stump where once an ancient animal had pissed and planned ways to kill its next helpless prey.

 I slept soundly that night except for one moment in the early morning when I thought I heard the howling of an injured beast.  Over my special egg omelet breakfast Tina mentioned she too heard the sound.

***

Legion smiled with pride at the small searcher, Enock.  “You have done well my friend, you have done well.

Legion thought that things were going to be much better now.  The young Mishok had destroyed himself and the young Pletus had blown his own head off.  Life was good.  Legion laughed.  He said to no one in particular, “Ironic isn’t it?” “Mishok loved and revered the ancient hyena, but was destroyed, in part, by the very small creature that it fed and preyed upon, the cat?”  He laughed again.  He supposed that the man, Talbert, was celebrating, thinking that he and his little bitch lady destroyed the gaping jaws of Hell, “Not so, Mr. Talbert.”  Legion looked out over the Great Hall anticipating the arrival of his Crossers.  Tonight they were going to throw one helluva party.  Legion shook with laughter

Chapter Thirty-Six

I am enjoying retirement.  Well, it’s not really a retirement.  I still have to write.  I’ve written a couple of books in order to keep bread on my table.  Since being released from the hospital Carmen has revived the artist inside.  She walks with a slight limp, but we both are thankful that a limp is her only scar left from the accident

The river will always remain my home, bringing me comfort with it’s quiet flow.  Bunky and I have tried to pull as many fish out of that  river as possible, but we always end up throwing them back in.  Nowadays the fish are not healthy, pollution and all that.  It’s a shame really.  When I throw a catfish back in, I feel like I’m throwing it to its death, a slow death at that. The river’s not to be faulted.  It is man who corrupts, not Nature.

Char continues to sleep on the old tree stump and time continues to pass him by.  He doesn’t get around as good as he used to.  It saddens me to think that I might just out live another cat.  But, I’ve been watching an old stray mother cat hangin’ around our property, looks like she could deliver any day now.  Char won’t mind.  I think he would like it if I made a new friend to keep me company when he passes on to wherever cats go.


 It seems like it was a million years ago.  I’ll never forget the look on Christian’s face before he fell to the cold concrete floor.  It was not a look of horror.  It was a look of...gratitude.  His lips were wordlessly saying “Thank you.”  That visual imprint is a permanent fixture in my mind’s eye.

*** 

The water running by my trailer will someday end up in the ocean.  Its course is inevitable, following obediently the rules of Nature. I will unavoidably follow those same rules someday.  My course has been set and my ocean awaits me.  

Epilogue

On the southside of Topeka, John Baker was rushing his wife Elizabeth to the hospital. It was almost midnight and traffic was sparse.  They were both afraid.  This was only the beginning of her third trimester.  Doctor Leffert told them he would meet them in the emergency room of Topeka General, and not to worry.  But, they couldn’t stop worrying.  This was their first child, and it was a boy.
***

Somewhere beneath the streets of Topeka, a strange looking creature with steel gray eyes named Berez hastily filled a syringe with a deadly orange substance.  He was excited. Berez danced the ancient dance of imps and urchins, and laughed the laugh of an ancient beast.  He sent a terrifying howl echoing through the dark, wet tunnels, a howl that no one would hear on this wet and dismal night.

THE END













































