

The Titanic Plan

Michael Bockman



Story By
Ron Freeman


License Notes: All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced, distributed, or transmitted in any form or by any means or stored in a database or retrieval system, except for brief quotation in reviews or articles, without prior written permission of the author and publisher.

Cover Design: Evelyn Bernhard

www.thetitanicplan.com





for Ron



Message from the Author

Dear Reader, 

For your reading pleasure, I am providing you an ebook download of The Titanic Plan.
In offering you The Titanic Plan, I do have some requests.

1.   If you download the book, READ IT! Or at least, read the first few chapters. If it doesn’t spark your interest, fine, put it down. Most readers have been captivated by it. (see the review page at Amazon or Goodreads). 
2.  This is a “no strings attached” offer. However, like many writers, I  scratch out a living with my work and would ask you to help me with that living by considering a donation if you enjoy the book.  I am suggesting a donation of $3.99. Donate more (or less) – whatever you feel the reading experience I provided was worth. 
3.  Donations can be made at The Titanic Plan website: http://www.thetitanicplan.com/Purchase.html. All donations are processed by Paypal, which means all personal and financial information is absolutely confidential and protected. 
4.  SPREAD THE WORD. If you liked the book, do recommend it to others and encourage family, friends, librarians, teachers, and anyone else you can think of to get their free download.
5. WRITE A REVIEW on Goodreads or Amazon. Reviews do make an impact with other readers.
6. KEEP IN TOUCH. I love getting your feedback and opinions. One of the most rewarding aspects of writing is to create a dialogue with my readers.

And enjoy the read…



PROLOGUE

WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 16, 1907

It was his favorite hymn: “Rock of Ages, cleft for me, let me hide myself in Thee…” He sang it open-throated and with vigor, hardly caring that his booming voice was decidedly off-key. “Let the waters and the blood, From Thy wounded side which flowed…” He didn’t hear his coarse singing anyway, all that filled his ears was the harmonious blend of 3,000 fellow Christians finding comfort in God. And he was happily among them, just one of the legions, a foot soldier in Jesus’ army. Marching with these troops there was no weight on his shoulders, no responsibility other than to praise God and bask in his glory. “Be of sin the double cure; Save from wrath and make me pure…” 
As the swirl of joyous voices echoed through Richmond’s Grand Convention Hall, a young man hurried down the center aisle, stopped at row 17 and handed a telegram to a thin, dry priest on the aisle. Who handed it to his wife next to him, who handed it to a crimson clothed bishop next to her and on down the row until the telegram reached an imposing, white-haired man in the center of the aisle who was so wrapped up in the glory of the hymn that it took his assistant three attempts to get his attention. Disturbed by the intrusion, the imposing, white-haired man glared at his assistant, his ice blue eyes glowering hawk-like over his tremendous strawberry nose. There was no mistaking that look of displeasure. There was no mistaking the man. The last thing J. Pierpont Morgan wanted was to be brought back into the earthly realm when he was dancing so rapturously in the kingdom of God. And so he turned away, closed his eyes and raised his voice even louder. “Foul, I to the fountain fly; Wash me, Savior, or I die.”

The message delivered to Morgan was one of alarm. Fear was building within the financial community like a magma dome within a volcano. Perhaps it would deflate itself, perhaps it could be deflated  (maybe with Morgan’s help) or, most likely, it would blow up and set in motion a chain of events that would plunge America into economic chaos. 

The day the dire telegram was delivered to Morgan, the President of the United States, Theodore Roosevelt, was feeling “just bully.” He was on the move, which was his natural state of being. Earlier that week he had completed a trip down the Mississippi River on a paddle steamer accompanied by twenty state governors. The patriotic and the curious lined the banks of the old river to catch a glimpse and pay their respects to the country’s leader as he passed by. He then headed to the countryside for a hunt. Deep in the Louisiana canebrakes, making a kill of “three bears, six deer, one wild turkey, twelve squirrels, one duck, one opossum, and one wildcat,” Roosevelt got word of the first hints of a Wall Street panic. If it worried him, he didn’t show it. Wall Street was the domain of the forces he did battle with – the corporate powerhouses, the money trusts, the robber barons. “Those money men could take care of themselves,” Roosevelt declared to a group of reporters covering his trip.
Unfortunately, he was wrong.

The first major crack in the system occurred when overzealous speculators tried to take over a major mining firm, the United Copper Company. To make the deal, the speculators wove together financial backing from a consortium of banks and trusts, including the very prominent and stable Knickerbocker Trust, headed by Morgan’s friend, Charles T. Barney. The takeover bid not only fell apart, but ultimately left the mining company, two brokerage houses and a bank in ruins. When word got out that the Knickerbocker Trust was a major player in the fiasco, the first snowball started rolling. Spooked Knickerbocker depositors began withdrawing their money, money the trust had already speculated on other deals. Many of the Knickerbocker depositors were state and national banks across the country, all uninsured and all bracing for a cash run by their own depositors of everyday Americans.
Trying not to add to the sense of panic, Morgan decided to stay at the Episcopal Convention until it ended on Saturday, October 19. When everyone at the convention joined hands and sang the final hymn, Morgan, as he always did, surrendered to the power of God. He believed he had a bargain with the Lord: Morgan would maintain the stability of America’s financial markets, and God, more often than not, would bless him with a healthy bottom line.
Morgan left for New York that evening. His train was held in Washington D.C. at midnight. Morgan sat alone on the rear platform of his private car, the only light in the night being the glow from the tip of his cigar. Arriving in New York City the next morning, Morgan was rushed by cab to his ivy-covered mansion at the corner of Madison Avenue and 36th Street. He didn’t even change clothes, dashing next door to his library – a solid marble building that resembled an impenetrable fortress guarded by two life-sized stone lions, their haunches taut as if ready to spring on some unsuspecting prey. Waiting for Morgan in the library’s inner sanctum were his closest associates, who laid out a chilling scenario of the unfolding events that would “make all previous panics look like child’s play.” 

Monday morning, October 21, the board of directors of the Knickerbocker Trust met with Morgan at his Wall Street office. They spelled out the dire trouble: they had $60 million on deposit, but only $10 million was fluid cash. If there was a run, the Knickerbocker would fail. They pleaded with Morgan to use his backing to help save the trust. Morgan listened, smoked several cigars, weighed what it would take, reflected on the risk involved, smoked a few more cigars and stared impassively at the desperate directors. The only thing agreed upon was that the Knickerbocker Trust would open for business the next day and try to weather the storm.

Long before dawn a restless crowd began gathering outside the Knickerbocker Trust building at Fifth Avenue and 34th Street. There was a chill in the autumn air. When the doors opened at 8 a.m., jittery depositors pushed into the building, desperate to cash their accounts out. Just over a mile south, on Wall Street, dark suited men, their heads topped by black derbies, waited for the dreaded, inevitable news. As clocks struck noon through Manhattan, the Knickerbocker Trust had paid out $8 million. By 2 p.m. it was over; the last funds were withdrawn; the formidable Knickerbocker Trust had failed. Those who understood the crisis realized that a financial Armageddon was at hand.

Through the next critical days the financial system of the United States teetered on complete ruin. Without any governmental safety net, such as a Federal Reserve Bank, there was no mechanism to end the downward spiral. Banks from around the country were calling in their money from the New York institutions. Stock prices were plummeting. Wall Street was thick with crowds of nervous men milling aimlessly about, praying their life’s savings were not about to evaporate.
Morgan tried to fight the financial fires by continually dousing them with cash. He received a $10 million contribution from a syndicate of bankers that was matched by a government transfer of $25 million to a “rescue fund” that Morgan controlled. In essence, the United States government had turned over the reins of the country’s economic operations to the very private bankers Roosevelt was battling over anti-trust issues. Despite his bluster, the President realized his administration could do nothing more than try and assure a nervous public that everything would be all right and let the bankers sort out the mess they created.
Throughout the second week of the panic there were runs on banks across the nation. Some smaller banks and trusts failed. People lost their life savings. Businesses were driven into bankruptcy. Stories of personal despair and desperation were reported from all corners of the country. From a banker’s point of view though, it was manageable – the major markets were holding and that’s all that really mattered. Morgan and his team of bankers and financiers continued to prop up banks with cash to instill confidence and keep the Stock Exchange level. It appeared the end of the crisis was in sight. Then a whole new firestorm unexpectedly erupted. 
Next to J. P. Morgan & Company, the largest and most prestigious brokerage house in America was the firm of Moore & Schley. Among its largest assets was a southern steel company called Tennessee Coal & Iron Company, known simply as TC&I. It was a solid, though hardly spectacular, business. The problem was that the firm’s head, Grant Schley, was using TC&I as collateral for speculative loans. With the panic, those loans were called. Schley needed to come up with over $35 million dollars worth of cash or else his brokerage house would also collapse. And with that collapse, all the hard work Morgan had done would come crashing down in a sudden heap. Morgan was deemed the only person who could save the situation. But to do so, he would have to purchase TC&I. The problem was, Morgan already owned America’s largest steel company, U.S. Steel. If a deal was put together, an anti-trust suit would surely come from Roosevelt. Morgan weighed his options, the most important factor being not to rekindle the panic into a full-fledged wildfire. 
Morgan carefully put the pieces in place, twisting arms and creating a complicated stock swap that would have TC&I merge, rather than be purchased outright, with U.S. Steel. Still, there was one last obstacle: Roosevelt.
On November 4, 1907, Elbert Gary and Henry Clay Frick, two steel magnates who helped Morgan work out the TC&I-U.S Steel deal, went to the White House for breakfast. They outlined the terms of the merger to Roosevelt over eggs and flapjacks. They stressed the consequences of another panic if the deal fell through and made sure Roosevelt was aware of the extraordinary effort Morgan made in order to protect the financial foundation of the country. Roosevelt, the battling trustbuster, the tormentor of corporations, the robber barons great foe, docilely acquiesced and approved the merger he would have never agreed to under normal circumstances. 
At four minutes to ten that Monday morning, Morgan’s office received a call from the White House relaying Roosevelt’s approval of the deal. With that, the crisis officially ended. The stock market shot up. At the lunch hour, an exhausted 70-year-old man stepped down his office’s short shelf of steps to a waiting cab. He was showered with thunderous cheers from the crowd that had gathered outside 23 Wall Street. Morgan was being hailed as the single greatest economic force in American history. He alone had wrestled back the explosive forces that threatened to ruin the U.S. economy. Morgan knew he had won. And he vowed to himself that he would do whatever it takes to prevent anything like the Panic of ’07 from ever happening again. 

On Thursday, November 14, 1907, less than a month after the first hint of trouble, Charles Barney, Morgan’s friend and the former head of the Knickerbocker Trust, the institution whose insolvency touched off the panic, pressed a gun barrel to his abdomen and pulled the trigger. The bullet traveled upward into his neck. He died later that day.


CHAPTER 1

DECEMBER 31, 1907 

They would be arriving soon, those that were still alive. Coming up Fifth Avenue in their horse drawn carriages, they would ignore the vulgar coughs and spits of the automobiles that motored by. The carriages would pull up to the corner at 65th Street. Horses would restlessly snort steam in the chill evening air. And then a woman would emerge.
Stepping down, she would lift the hem of her bejeweled ball gown and take the arm of her ancient husband. The couple would disappear into the gray limestone chateau that would have been more appropriate in 16th Century Paris than 20th Century Manhattan. Inside they would be announced in a grand ritual that made them who they were – a Vanderbilt or an Astor or a Waldorf or a Winthrop. And the others at the party would turn just oh-so-slightly to notice, sizing up the family and status, the scandals and rumors, the glow or sallow of the skin, the clearness or fogginess in the eye. 
Yes, they would be arriving soon, thought John Jacob Astor IV as he scuttled about to make sure the house was ready. The table for 400 was set, the orchestra was in place, the servants – all 70 of them – stood stiffly like soldiers at their stations. Astor scurried up the foyer’s staircase to his mother’s room for one final check. He was, after all, throwing this New Year’s Ball for her; it was his way of letting her once more be who she was: The Mrs. Caroline Webster Schermerhorn Astor – the greatest, most revered woman in American society. 
The Mrs. Astor was splayed across her bed when her diligent son John walked in. Two maids and a dresser were rolling and tugging her over the huge mattress so she might be maneuvered into her ball gown. 
“Mother?” he asked.
“Yes, James,” she answered as the servants hoisted her into a strategic upright position, allowing them to draw the gown over her head.
“It’s John, mother. James is your son-in-law.”
The Mrs. Astor squealed, “Aaaaooowwwww!!” as one of the maids tucked her hands under Mrs. Astor’s armpits to hoist her up.
“They’ll be arriving soon,” Astor muttered to no one in particular. “We’ll bring her out maybe an hour after it starts. I’ll let you know.”
None of the help acknowledge him, they were too busy working Mrs. Astor into her dress. Astor shuffled over to his mother. He stroked the few long gray hairs that remained on her nearly bald head and kissed it tenderly.

***

There was another man tending to his old mother that night. Far south of Manhattan, he was in a large, white gabled house near the Savannah riverbank in Augusta, Georgia. Outside a soft breeze whispered through the naked magnolia branches. Inside the man was tipping a decanter of aged bourbon into two finely cut crystal tumblers, then precisely diluting it with an equal amount of water. He placed the glasses on a tray next to two carefully folded linen napkins and walked the drinks into the living room, setting them in front of the shrunken woman seated before the fire.
“Mother, your drink.” His drawl was smooth and easy.
“Thank you, Archie.” Her honeyed speech was even more drawn out – she was a true daughter of Dixie. 
They sat by the fire listening to a grandfather clock tick away the seconds of 1907, not exchanging a word. Archie glanced at the woman he loved more than anyone in the world. He observed how frail she was and knew this might be their last New Year’s together. He took an inventory of her as she sipped her drink, making a mental photograph that he might retain forever. Her skin was a creamy pink, unblemished, marked only by the brush of age. Her silken hair, once golden and now a shimmering ivory, was fixed in a loose bun in the fashion of her youth. Her eyes were pools of jade offset by surrounding pearl white. She blinked serenely, felt his eyes upon her and reached her thin hand out to take his.
“Archie,” she said in a low voice, “this drink is mixed in a fine and proper manner, but may leave me a touch intoxicated before the midnight chime arrives.”
“Then just sip it judiciously, mother.”
“Come now, have you ever known me to be judicious about fine bourbon?”
“No, and that’s one of the reasons why I love you.”
“Of course you realize I may drop off and begin snorin’ like a hibernatin’ bear before the celebratin’ begins.”
“Music to my ears, mother.” 
“If my snorin’ is sweet music to your ears, then I have my doubts that I raised you properly.”
They both laughed. “You raised me properly, mother. Trust me on that.”
She squeezed his hand. “I know I did, son. Praise the Lord.”

* * *

John Astor surveyed the guests as they streamed into the ballroom below him. As the room filled, Astor had his mother wheeled in her chair to the edge of the second floor balustrade. In the misty glow of candlelight, with a dark wig of gentle curls that tumbled onto her shoulders, Mrs. Caroline Astor looked like a regal mistress peering down on the American aristocracy that was primarily her invention. Everyone in the ballroom stopped, gazed up at her imperial face and broke into applause. The Mrs. Astor waved her white-gloved hand and smiled sweetly, mouthing words the guests couldn’t hear from below. Which was fortunate, because she was spouting a stream of senile foulness about the unworthiness of the entire group of old, white-hair poseurs and wondering where her beautiful, refined friends were. 
Her son John, who was by her side, did not bother to tell her that those white-haired poseurs below were what remained of her beautiful, refined friends. As Mrs. Astor continued to smile and wave and mutter a stream of vileness, John itched for fresh air and a cigarette. “Take her back to her room then bring her out near midnight,” he said to the maid, then headed down the stairs. On his way through a back hallway he spotted his wife Ava laughing with a tall, dark-eyed man whom he didn’t recognize. 
“Oh, hello Jack,” Ava said dryly. “Having fun?”
Astor twitched his mustache. “Yes. You?”
Ava took a sip of champagne and shook her head of graying hair. Even middle age did not diminish her ravishing beauty. “Mmmmm. Oh, I haven’t introduced you. This is Mr. Daniels. Mr. Daniels, my husband, John Astor.”
Astor nodded ever so slightly. “Sir.” Then Astor dared to ask: “I don’t recall you on the invitation list, Mr. Daniels. You were invited by…?”
“Me, darling,” Ava piped up. “Mr. Daniels and I play bridge together.”
“Oh, I see. Well, I trust you’re enjoying yourself, Mr. Daniels?”
Daniels looked at the floor, his eyes darting uncomfortably about. Ava leveled a look at her husband. “He’s having a divine time and truly appreciates your hospitality.”
“It’s nice to be appreciated,” Astor muttered then pulled out his pocket watch. “I expect you by my side at midnight to wish our guests a good New Year.”
“Of course, darling.”
Astor nodded to his wife and Daniels then scurried away. 

* * *

She was snoring. And it was music to Archie’s ears. He glanced over at the grandfather clock. 11:27. He decided to tend the fire before waking her. Archie lifted his tall frame from the deep chair and bent near the woodpile. He examined the split logs, searching for a nice birch that would blast the room with a New Year’s light then quickly fade so that they both might retire soon after the glass of champagne. Finding just the right log, Archie threw it on the fire. The log slid into a slot between the fading embers and began to crackle. Maybe another log. He straightened, only to be stopped by his image in the mirror over the mantle.
As the birch caught fire and began spreading its brightness, Archie took a long look at his reflection. At forty-three, he still cut a dashing figure. Maybe not conventionally handsome – the jowls were a little too full, the blue eyes a tad small, the forehead a bit high. But his short brown hair had a healthy sheen to it, and his mustache, full and neatly-trimmed, framed the corners of his mouth making a no-nonsense statement: here is a man who takes care of his appearance, not for vanity, but for properness. A man should look good because a man should look good. 
“Aren’t we the peacock?” his old mother said behind him. 
Archie whirled. “No, mother, I was just…”
“Admirin’ yourself. Nothin’ wrong with it. You’re a very good lookin’ boy and for the life of me I don’t understand why some woman hasn’t snatched you up.”
“You know a military career sometimes makes that difficult.”
“Your father was a military man, as was his father, and my father. They all seemed to find wives and produce progeny.”
“They weren’t stationed in the Philippines.” 
“No, they weren’t. They suffered by fighting for a lost cause.”
“Mother, I wanted to tell you before midnight, surprise you actually. I have been re-assigned again. To a new post. And I am very excited about it.”
“You’ll be leavin’ me?”
“I hope to move you into an apartment nearby when I settle in.”
“Away from the South?”
“Washington D.C., mother. Your son has been appointed Military Aide to the President of the United States.”
Archie’s mother leaned back in her chair, taking in the full significance of the news her son just delivered. “To Roosevelt?!” she exclaimed. “That half-blind, blow-hard Yankee!?” 
“He is President of the United States.”
“Only because McKinley got himself shot by some anarchist. There’s a lesson for you. Watch out for those anarchists.”
“Mother, it will be my highest privilege to serve in the White House.”
“Of course it will be, Archie. I just don’t like that man. But maybe he has some Christian values I have yet to see. I am very happy for you and I trust you will always act with a sense of honor and courage that would make your mother proud. Come here. Let me give you a kiss.”
Archie bent on one knee, allowing his mother to cup his head in her hands. She kissed his forehead and gave him a sweet hug, whispering in his ear, “Perhaps you can teach that old windbag some Southern manners. Lord knows, he could use some.”

* * *

Astor drew deeply on his cigarette and watched the smoke curl into the cold December air. “What in God’s name was I thinking?” he muttered.
“A good question, Jack…”
A small, startled yelp escaped Astor’s lips. He turned to see George Vanderbilt standing in the shadows just a few feet from him, also smoking a cigarette.
“I didn’t notice you, George.”
“Obviously not,” Vanderbilt said, dragging on his cigarette then flicking the ash. He was a slight, pale man with deep, dewy eyes and an elegantly thin mustache. “But the question is still out there. What the hell were you thinking when you put on this ball? Show them an Astor still has what it takes?”
“Of course an Astor still has what it takes. Doesn’t a Vanderbilt?”
“Not me, not in this way. Does this kind of party really give you pleasure?”
Astor thought for a moment. “It used to.”
“When we were in our twenties, maybe. But we’re in our forties now, old boy. We’re men of accomplishment. Our worth comes from what we’ve built, not from dressing up for silly balls.”
“You shouldn’t be so critical, George. Everyone needs recreation now and then.”
“All I’m saying is it’s a changing world, Jack. Do you know what they’re doing for New Year’s at Times Square tonight?”
Astor shook his head. “Haven’t the slightest.”
“Over ten thousand people are gathering there. At the stroke of midnight a six foot wooden ball studded with a hundred incandescent bulbs is going to descend a pole atop the Times building.” 
Astor contemplated the scene. “Good god why? It seems absolutely pointless.”
“Maybe,” Vanderbilt said. “But it’s something new. And that’s the future, Jack. As Astors and Vanderbilts, that’s where our sights should be set. On the new horizon in front of us, not the old one behind.”
“You’re right about the future, George. But dropping a ball down a flagpole? I don’t understand that.”
Vanderbilt waved his hand. “It’s just a silly novelty. They’ll think of something else come 1909. Let’s go inside, it’s freezing out here.” 

Time is gauged differently with every new age. Though the 20th Century was at the threshold of just its eighth year, the nature of time had already changed. Technology was pushing it forward with the runaway speed of electricity. Time was now measured in the rumble of the automobile, the staccato pulse of the wireless, the sputtering of the aeroplane, the syncopated rhythm of ragtime. 
 For this one night though, under the gold-leafed ceiling of the Astor ballroom, time was still being measured in an elegant three-fourths tempo. A waltz. With a hundred couples pinwheeling over the dance floor like graceful galaxies through the heavens. One-two-three, one-two-three... 
Astor watched impassively from the edge of the orchestra with Ava by his side. “Why did you invite him?” Astor asked flatly.
“Who?” replied Ava.
“You know, that man you were with in the hallway.”
“My bridge partner? Jack, I needed someone to amuse me this evening. It’s a job you abdicated long ago.”
“You could have had the decency…”
Ava cut him off. “Why don’t you have the decency to divorce me and you wouldn’t need to get so upset about these things.”
“No divorce until mother is gone. It would break her heart and you know it. We agreed, no divorce.”
“We didn’t agree that I couldn’t have fun.”
“But tonight? At my party? You’re still an Astor, you know. You’re still my wife.”
“Yes,” Ava said pointedly. “That is one thing I am unable to forget.”
One-two-three, one-two-three… The music lilted out. The dancers glided to a stop. John Astor took his wife’s hand. They both put on a smile as the assembled guests applauded their appearance. “Thank you…thank you all for coming,” Astor spoke haltingly. He was not good at this sort of thing, giving a speech before a large, formal group. 
A small army of waiters entered the ballroom in perfect formation, carrying trays filled with glasses of champagne. They quickly distributed the champagne to the guests. Astor took a glass and raised it. “As there is…” he glanced to a large golden clock that was strategically placed by the side of the orchestra, “…two minutes left to 1907, I’d like to make a brief toast. To all of you, our dear friends, and to the wonderful world we have made. To our lasting bonds and eternal friendships.” Astor coughed and searched for words. “So let us…let me toast you, yes, let me toast you, the guardians of what is most precious in this civilized world. And I’d also like to honor, most of all…” Astor lifted his gaze to the second floor balustrade where the Mrs. Astor once again sat, looking down at the shiny faces below like an empress looking down on her serfs “…my mother, Mrs. Caroline Schermerhorn Astor, whom, I think we all agree, is the greatest woman who ever lived. Happy New Year.”
Astor rushed to finish before midnight struck. Just as he stopped, the clock began tolling. It was 1908. A cheer went up through the ballroom. Everyone chimed “Happy New Year” and sipped their champagne. The orchestra began playing Auld Lang Syne and the 400 guests all sang with sentimental gusto. On the second floor the old tune seemed to penetrate the fog that was floating in Mrs. Astor’s head. She tried to mumble along.
Husbands leaned to their wives and pecked a kiss, then turned toward those closest to them and wished “Happy New Year.” The orchestra struck up The Radetzky March.
 Amid the genteel good cheer, the ballroom shuddered. Slightly at first, like a birth pang announcing what was to come. And come it did, a millisecond later. The room shook with a tremendous jolt. A deafening explosion of sound drowned out the orchestra. Chunks of the gold-leafed ceiling began plummeting down. A swirl of plaster-dust enveloped the room like a thick fog. Any semblance of civilized behavior quickly vanished. Screams replaced the orchestra’s melody. There was a mad, chaotic scramble as the men in their black tuxedoes flailed their elbows, using them as weapons to carve a path to the doorways for themselves and their wives.
Astor’s eyes went upwards, trying to find his mother through the haze that hung over the room. As everyone was shoving to get out, Astor pushed against the crowd. Coughing and gasping for breath, he raced up the staircase, leaving a trail of red footprints in the fine layer of white dust that was now covering the carpet. Reaching the top of the stairs, Astor spotted the silhouette of his mother through the haze. She was still sitting in her chair by the rail. Alone. Her maids had obviously abandoned her. 
“Mother, are you alright?” Astor said, dashing to her.
A weak, low gurgle emerged from her throat.
“Mother, can you breathe?”
She continued to choke out the strange, guttural sound. Astor began to panic. He brought his face close to hers, felt her weak breath on his skin. She was struggling to say something.
“What is it, mother, what is it?”
Barely audible, she labored to mumble over and over, “We’ll…stake a cup o’ kindness yet…for…auld…lang…syne.” Then Astor noticed tributaries of tears streaming down through the chalk white dust that layered her face. 
A large chunk of plaster plummeted from the ceiling, smashing with an explosive thud next to Mrs. Astor’s chair. “We’re leaving, mother,” Astor said, gently maneuvering her feather-light body over his shoulder. Pellets of plaster continued to rain down. Sulfurous smoke poured from the vents throughout the house. 
At the front entrance the partygoers pushed their way through the elegant doors, unhinging them in their panic. Astor moved into the foyer with his mother. He noticed Ava being escorted out by her bridge partner, who was guiding her with his firm hand on her behind. Mrs. Astor noticed it too, startling her back to the present. “Isn’t that your wife?” she asked.
Astor didn’t answer. Instead, he re-adjusted his mother over his shoulder, causing her wig of curls to slide sideways over her bald head.
Into the chill of the night the cream of New York society poured onto Fifth Avenue, looking like shell-shocked refugees. The clanging of bells from the arriving fire brigade mixed with the cacophony of firecrackers and shouts of “Happy New Year” that echoed along the avenues. Astor took his mother across the street and set her down against a tree. He began adjusting her wig back into place. Down the block a high-pitched whistle pierced the air and then a twisting firework flared into a starburst of color. 
“Ooohhhh,” Mrs. Astor cried out. “It’s a sign!”
Astor continued to fiddle with the wig. “A sign for what, mother?”
“That God loves us. God loves the Astors.”


CHAPTER 2

1908

On Monday, April 11, 1908, a bright spring morning in Washington D.C., Captain Archibald Butt walked through a guard gate and onto the White House grounds to start his new job. He wrote to his mother that evening, telling how he was greeted by the President with “a most hearty welcome…Roosevelt came into the office, laid one hand on my shoulder and with the other wrung my own…”
More than any other President, Theodore Roosevelt reveled in activity. He rode horses, he played tennis, he hiked, he chopped trees, he camped, he hunted, he swam, he golfed, he fished, he was a man fully engaged in life. That’s what attracted people to him. Big, brash, and bold, Theodore Roosevelt was America. 
Not only could Archie keep up with Roosevelt, he could challenge the President. He was a better horseman, marksman, and natural athlete. And a good challenge invigorated Roosevelt like nothing else. Archie knew his part and played it perfectly. He quickly became Roosevelt’s closest companion, always one step behind the President, the trusted soldier and aide, ready at the President’s beckon call.
On July 24th, Archie traveled to the Roosevelt home at Sagamore Hill in Oyster Bay, New York, to join the President and his family for a brief summer’s getaway. Archie recorded the daily routine: a hearty breakfast (eggs, pancakes, toast and several cups of coffee), two hours of work, then sailing, swimming or games with the Roosevelt children. In the evening, before dinner, the men would sit on the broad veranda to “smoke and chat on a hundred different subjects.” On one occasion, near the end of Archie’s visit, Roosevelt became emotional and expressed regret over the impulsive promise he made after the 1904 election – that he would serve out his new term and no more. Roosevelt loved being President and deep in his heart believed he was still the best man to lead the country. He professed affection for William Howard Taft, his handpicked successor, then expressed concern: “I do not think he will be as aggressive as I’ve been.” Still, Roosevelt had promised to retire and he was a man of his word. “I’m going to leave for an African safari right after the inauguration,” Roosevelt said, explaining that he didn’t want to be a distraction to the new President. And with that news, the men fell silent and watched the summer sun send its last golden rays over Sagamore Hill.

The day Archie returned to Washington D.C., he received an urgent message from Attorney General Charles Bonaparte. That evening Archie walked the few blocks from the White House to an old brick office building that housed the Department of Justice. A military guard met him in the building’s large foyer and escorted him through a maze of corridors to Bonaparte’s office. 
Bonaparte was seated behind an enormous cherry wood desk. Dark and heavy-set, he had thick-lidded eyes and a few strategically combed strands of hair covering his balding head. When Archie entered, Bonaparte was talking with a small, sober-faced man who clutched a large white envelope. “Captain Butt,” Bonaparte hoisted himself from his chair. “Thank you for coming at such short notice.” 
“Whatever you need, Mr. Attorney General, I am at you service.”
“Charlie, call me Charlie, please. Let me introduce you to Stanley Finch. I’ve just appointed him to head our new investigative division. Examiner Finch may appear to be a baby-faced angel, but look out, he’s as tenacious as a bulldog.” 
“Captain....” Finch said tightly.
“A pleasure meeting you, Mr. Finch.” Archie shook Finch’s hand. It was thin and bony. 
 “I hear you’ve been with the President,” Bonaparte said, moving around the desk to Archie. “He’s well, I trust?”
“In fine spirits, as usual. I must admit, it’s hard keeping up with him. The President has remarkable energy.”
“I’ve known him for over a decade now and I think he’s gained a step, not lost one.” Bonaparte pulled at the short hairs of his mustache then touched Archie’s shoulder in an awkward gesture, “Listen, Archie, if you don’t mind, I need your help. It may be a little delicate.” Bonaparte then nodded to Finch, who carefully opened the envelope he was holding. He removed a picture, laid it on the desk then spread his bony fingers over the photo and rotated it toward Archie. Bonaparte and Finch watched Archie to see if there was a reaction. There was. Archie’s lips curled into a smile.
“You cut a handsome figure, Captain,” Bonaparte said.
“Thank you, sir, but I was ten years younger.”
Archie studied the sepia-toned image of himself as a young colonel. He was in full-military dress. Two small war medals were pinned on his chest and a short brimmed cap sat squarely on his head in a proud, formal way. 
“I was thinner then,” Archie said. “That’s what war does to you. Keeps you thin.”
“And you recognize the other man?” Bonaparte asked.
Of course Archie did. The soldier posed next to him was also in an ornate dress uniform, but the effect was different. This soldier’s posture was not ramrod straight like Archie’s, but looser-limbed. His dress uniform looked molded on his muscular body and his soldier’s cap was cocked slightly in a rakish manner. His look was direct; his coal black eyes glared straight into the camera. The intensity of his gaze was offset by a sly, confident grin that added a touch of lightness to his handsome face.
“Corporal Michael Shaughnessy,” Archie muttered.
“Also known as Mick?” asked Bonaparte.
“Mick. Yes. Good old crazy Mick.”
“He wasn’t mentally stable?”
“Sir, he was the most stable man I ever met. And the best soldier I ever served with. He admired the warriors of ancient Rome and strove to emulate their fierceness and loyalty. He told me that when he was young he became an altar boy to learn Latin so he might read Tacitus’ war histories of Rome.” 
“Then why did you call him ‘crazy Mick’?”
“Because he was fearless. He would just as soon walk into an enemy’s gun nest as he would a saloon. And he’d wreak havoc in both places. The army tries to teach men bravery, but I do not believe it is something one can acquire. True bravery is something you must be born with. Mick Shaughnessy was born with bravery in every bone of his body. In the Philippines he single-handedly freed a group of Americans from an enemy hideout. Must have killed at least fifteen men without any loss of life on our side.”
“You considered him a patriot then?” 
“A patriot and a hero. Why do you ask?”
“Because…” the Attorney General cleared his throat then looked directly at Archie, “…he is suspected of a New Year’s Eve bombing at the home of John Jacob Astor.” 
Bonaparte dropped the bit of news dramatically, expecting Archie to react with surprise. But he didn’t. “Didn’t the newspapers report that a furnace exploded?” Archie quietly answered.
“We have strong evidence it was a bomb. And Michael Shaughnessy was involved in planting it,” Bonaparte responded.
“With all due respect, sir, the only way I could believe that to be true is if Mick Shaughnessy told me himself. And even then I’m not sure I would take him at his word. He was a soldier of the highest order, willing to give his life for his country.”
Bonaparte glanced down at the picture, meeting Mick Shaughnessy’s fierce gaze. “Then he must have changed.”
“No,” said Archie. “He would not have changed in that way.”
“When was the last time you saw him?”
“Nineteen hundred and four. We were still in the Philippines. He told me he was leaving the army to get married. He showed me a photograph of perhaps the most beautiful woman I had ever seen. I wished him well, he wished me well. And like soldiers, we parted with a salute. That is the last I heard of him until this moment.”
Bonaparte tugged at the hairs of his mustache again. “Thank you, Captain Butt. I request that if you should hear from him, you would report it directly to me or Mr. Finch.”
Archie was puzzled. “I see no reason why I would ever hear from Mick Shaughnessy.”
“I understand. But if you should, you will let us know. Yes, Captain?” Bonaparte reached out his hand to shake with Archie.
“Of course, sir. Absolutely.”


CHAPTER 3

It was an age of wonders. An age of dreamers. An age where anything and everything was possible. In 50 short years – from 1860 to 1910 – civilization went from horse and buggy to automobile, earthbound to airplane, concert hall to phonograph, live theater to moving picture, candle to light bulb, pony express to wireless telegraph, and, not the least significant, cannon ball and rifle to dynamite and machine gun. 
John Jacob Astor IV was one of those who had the fever to invent. Despite the blue blood that ran through his veins, Astor had the heart and mind of an engineer. Awkward and bumbling around people, especially people of his own privileged class, in his workshop he was an accomplished master. Amid his machines, drafting table, blueprints and models, John Astor felt comfortably at home. And he had some success as an inventor. His Pneumatic Road Improver, a machine that blew dirt off roads, was awarded first prize at the Chicago World’s Colombian Exposition in 1893. In 1898 Astor patented a solid tire bicycle brake that was sold worldwide. His love for all things mechanical, especially cars, was legendary. 
By 1908, Astor’s youthful passion for inventing was waning. He tinkered in his workshops on various engines for his boats and cars, but that was all. With his marriage in shambles, his mother slipping deeper into senility, and his house still undergoing repairs from the New Year’s Eve disaster, John Astor was feeling like a man whose burdens were beginning to weigh him down.
On the morning of September 17, 1908, he had a splitting headache on top of everything else. And he had a lunch appointment he dreaded keeping. It was with King Camp Gillette. What does he want to try and sell me this time? Astor thought. That’s all the boorish man does: sell, sell, sell. You’d think, having made millions, he might have garnered a touch of class.
Class was very important to Astor. It wasn’t to King Gillette. He was a self-made millionaire, a traveling salesman who one morning had a revelation while shaving with his straight razor and came up with the idea for the disposable safety blade. Class had nothing to do with his riches. Charm, enthusiasm and persistence, especially persistence, were the keys to success for Gillette. Like any good salesman, he was fairly oblivious to what people thought of him. He just charged happily forward. 
They were to meet in the Men’s Cafe of the Waldorf-Astoria. Gillette arrived first. He waited at the bar sipping lemonade and marveling at the opulence that surrounded him. Even the beer taps were of inlaid pearl. 
Astor shambled in and greeted Gillette. “Let’s go back to my private dining room,” he said quickly.
“Great,” enthused Gillette. “And what a great place you’ve got here, Jack. I’ve seen the pyramids, I’ve seen the Colosseum, and let me tell you, your hotel has got ‘em all beat. You’re a great builder, Jack. This is one of the wonders of the world.” 
The exchange took less than a minute and Astor was already fed up with Gillette’s sunny enthusiasm. He wished he could ditch the salesman right then and there. But he was a cultivated gentleman, even if Gillette was not.
Astor had two private dining rooms at the Waldorf-Astoria. He took Gillette into the more intimate one. Oysters were already on ice in a giant half shell. A bottle of Veuve Cliquot was chilling in a bucket. Astor gestured for Gillette to have a seat. 
“It’s good to see you, Jack. I have some very exciting things to talk about with you,” Gillette said.
 “Oh, God help me,” Astor muttered under his breath. Then aloud: “Champagne?” 
“No, thank you. I have my lemonade, which is doing me just fine.”
“Suit yourself,” Astor said and poured himself a glass of champagne, which he drank quickly then refilled his glass.
“Tell me Jack, wouldn’t you like to create something even greater than this hotel?”
“I’m always looking for new business ventures, but right now I have a splitting headache. Can we talk about this some other time?”
“I’ll be brief, Jack. This is so exciting it’ll make your headache go away.”
Astor raised a dubious eyebrow and braced himself for the sales pitch he knew was coming. Gillette leaned down, opened his soft leather bag and started whistling. Astor wanted to throttle him; instead, he clutched the stem of the champagne glass and drank. From his bag Gillette pulled out a thin, leather bound book. Astor noticed the gold-embossed title: The Human Drift. Gillette took a fountain pen from his coat pocket, unscrewed the top, snapped the pen twice to get the ink flowing, then began inscribing the title page: “To John Jacob Astor IV, a man of vision and foresight. The future is ours. Your friend, King Camp Gillette.” He blew the ink dry then slid the book across the table.
“For you, Jack.”
“Thank you. What is it?”
“The blueprint of the future.” 
“Okay.” Astor’s impatience was becoming evident. “But what is it?”
Gillette leaned close, affecting an almost conspiratorial posture. It was an instinctive move – after so many years of door-to-door sales, Gillette knew all the tricks of drawing people in. He lowered his voice. “It is the greatest building project mankind has ever known.” Gillette tilted back. He smiled. His eyes twinkled. “It is a plan to take humanity out of the darkness it suffers and into paradise, where all men and women will live happy, fulfilling lives. It’s a plan to build one large city, a Metropolis, where mankind can labor together and then enjoy the highest expressions of culture and art. It would be a place of true sharing, where greed and crime and jealousy would cease to exist because we would be satisfied with the riches all around us.” 
Gillette opened the book for Astor. He showed him the carefully drawn plans of thousands of skyscraper apartments geometrically placed amid an intersection of avenues, lawns and gardens. “Can you imagine the endless beauty of a conception like this?” Gillette continued. “I envision in this city sixty million souls, fifteen thousand miles of main avenues, every foot of which would be a continuous change of beauty.”
Gillette blazed as he laid out his utopian vision. “We would build it in the only possible place on the American continent: Niagara Falls – a source of everlasting power.”  He flipped a page and pointed to a map. “The manufacturing center would be across the river and would be connected to the city by great bridges over which railroads would run. 
“Once it is demonstrated that within this Metropolis the citizens have achieved a level of happiness never experienced by men before, I envision similar great cities being erected throughout the world, and all of humankind truly entering a golden age.” Gillette glowed beatifically seeing his vision of a modern day Eden. “So what do you think?” 
Astor thought he was mad. “Interesting,” said Astor. “But I imagine it would take vast sums of money to build your Metropolis?”
“That’s why I’m here, Jack. You’re an inventor, a visionary who desires the highest aspirations for mankind. You are the type of man that would join with me in providing the needed wealth.” 
“Even my riches would be a drop in the bucket to what you need for such an undertaking,” Astor said to Gillette.
“Yes, of course, I am a practical man, after all. My plan is to start small. Build several Metropolis’ on a limited scale.”
“How would people within these cities make a living?”
“That’s the great beauty of it: everything will be self-contained, from shops to groceries to amusement. Work would only be for the greater good of the Metropolis and ones fellow man. I believe we can never achieve the perfect social system until money and everything of material value is swept from the face of the earth.”
“Am I understanding you correctly?” Astor asked, puzzled. “You are soliciting me to invest capital without any profit motive whatsoever?”
“Your profit motive would be bringing mankind into its golden age. You would be remembered as one of the greatest men who ever lived.”
He’s not just mad, Astor thought, he’s a stark raving lunatic.
“It is a very interesting concept, King, and I am flattered that you approached me with your proposition,” Astor said, and then swallowed the rest of his champagne. “Let me read your book and ponder your extraordinary idea and I will get back to you. Now, if you’ll excuse me, my head is throbbing and I must get something for it.”
King Gillette jumped up, still burning with passion, and pumped Astor’s hand. “John Astor you have demonstrated that you are truly the sage I believed you were.”
Astor kept trying to pull his hand away. “Yes. Thank you, King. Forgive me for having to leave. I’ll take a look at your book this evening. Good afternoon.”
He finally wrenched his hand from Gillette and scampered out of the room.

Astor did crack the book open that evening. He found it obtuse, grandiose, preposterous, and silly. And it fascinated him to no end. For all its outlandish plans and proposals, Astor saw the spark of a brilliant idea. Not in Gillette’s naïve scheme for a grand utopia, but in the way he laid out the details of a new type of centralized real estate development. John Astor saw what the entire Astor family had a talent for seeing: money.
The next morning Astor mailed the book to George Vanderbilt at his estate in North Carolina. The note accompanying it simply read: “What do you think?” Vanderbilt read Gillette’s book immediately. He wrote back: “Absolutely batty.” Astor replied: “I believe something is there.” Vanderbilt wrote back: “Of course something is there. It’s called socialism.” Astor answered him: “No, George. It’s called the future.”

* * *

On October 27, 1908 Mrs. Caroline Astor suffered a major heart attack. She had four previous “heart episodes” that month. Her physician, Dr. Austin Flint, remained at her side for three days, as did her diligent son John and his wife Ava. The Mrs. Astor died early on the night of October 30. The next morning’s headline in The New York Times plainly announced: “MRS. ASTOR DIES AT HER CITY HOME.” 
Her funeral took place on November 1 at Trinity Church in Lower Manhattan. It was a simple ceremony. Beside her coffin was a wreath of lilies, provided by her son John, a six-foot long cross made up of 10,000 violets, and her favorite carved chair in which she always sat when receiving guests. 1,500 people attended. John Astor wept throughout the entire service.
Her death and the opening of probate records provided a glimpse into the world in which Mrs. Astor inhabited. Apparently, as her health declined, so did her riches. Newspapers ran breathless stories about her diminished fortune – less than two million dollars – and the disheveled state of her mansion, which she never left after the traumatic New Year’s Eve Ball of 1908.

* * *

There was another funeral just a day before the Astor service. It was smaller, attended by a handful of people in a small churchyard in Augusta, Georgia. Another faithful son had lost his beloved mother, who died suddenly on October 29, 1908. Captain Archibald Butt was heartbroken by his loss. On a cool, misty autumn morning, Archie stood beside the simple pine casket that held his mother. “Today four children are tragically orphaned,” Archie began, his voice unsteady with grief. “It doesn’t matter that they are well into adulthood, because losing the most precious thing in one’s life is a tragedy at any age. Our priceless jewel, our guiding light, our mother, Pamela Roberson Butt, has been taken from us. She has gone home to the Lord she put so much faith in. Heaven’s gain leaves us with heavy hearts and a very sorrowful burden to bear.” Archie stopped, choking back tears. “She was everything to me.”
That evening Archie traveled back to Washington by train. Ever the faithful soldier, he went to work the next morning. Roosevelt told him to take the day off, suggesting he take a Potomac cruise on the presidential yacht with Mrs. Roosevelt. Archie replied that it would be best to resign his post, as “I should not intrude my grief into the White House.” The President would not hear of such a thing.
The next day, November 3, 1908, William Howard Taft was elected President, carrying 30 of the 48 states and defeating William Jennings Bryan by over 1.2 million votes. Roosevelt was initially “radiant over Taft’s victory.” He felt it validated his policies and presidency. A burden seemed to have lifted from Roosevelt; he kept repeating how much he was looking forward to a new phase of life. The feeling wouldn’t last long. Within weeks of the election Roosevelt began to have serious misgivings. Publicly he continued to say supportive things about Taft. Privately, his opinion changed like a fickle wind. Roosevelt fretted about every Taft trait, from his conservative instincts to his lethargic energy. Roosevelt’s main fear was that Taft would retrench on the progressive programs Roosevelt had initiated. 
His fears proved right on almost every account. The first signs of a rift came when Taft recanted on his promise to retain most of the people within Roosevelt’s administration. Besides the Secretary of the Navy, the only other person Taft wanted to continue on was the Military Aide, Archie Butt. Archie was not inclined toward a re-appointment – he had tremendous attachment and loyalty to Roosevelt and his opinion of Taft, while respectful, was not enthusiastic. Still, he felt duty bound to stay on through a transition period.
On March 4, 1909, a day marked by raging blizzards in Washington D.C., William Howard Taft took the oath of office and became the 27th President of the United States. The ceremony had to be moved into the Senate Chamber because the traditional inaugural area in front of the Capitol building was enveloped in a blinding snowstorm. 
Archie was overwhelmed with sadness. “I felt about as depressed as I have ever felt in parting with anyone in my life,” he wrote, “save only my own mother.” Roosevelt tried to comfort his former aide with a curious, enigmatic aside. “It isn’t goodbye,” Roosevelt murmured. “We will meet again, and possibly you will yet serve me in a more important capacity than the one you have now.”
A tumultuous era had passed. Most people believed that Taft and his prudent manner would usher in calmer waters for the United States. They did not foresee the treacherous rapids ahead.


CHAPTER 4

 1909

New York stank. The big, teeming, strapping, brawny city belched out a variety of perfumes. Its universal fragrance arose from the street – a bouquet of horseshit mixed with the noxious fumes spewing from the newfangled automobile. Co-mingled with that base scent were the smells of each specific neighborhood. While along Fifth Avenue the aroma of shit and gasoline was blended with French perfume, travel a few blocks east and the unmistakable odors from the eastside gashouses swirled over the short city blocks. Go south to Second Avenue on the Lower East Side and the stink of an overrun, new world ghetto broiled with the stale stench of sweat-soaked-bodies, standing sewage, and the brine of pickle barrels. Hell’s Kitchen smelled like bloody death from the slaughterhouses that lined 42nd Street and 11th Avenue. The German section on the Upper East Side reeked sickly sweet of fermenting hops and yeast from Adolph Ruppert’s breweries. Wafting through the narrow cobblestone streets of Greenwich Village was the aroma of cigar smoke, coffee and alcohol. While in northern Manhattan, bubbling brooks meandered through verdant farmlands and thick forests, as they did centuries earlier.
Though many tongues and accents were heard throughout Manhattan, there was one very common language that every New Yorker shared – the language of money. For some, the acquisition of money was the measuring stick of success; for most, it was the thin lifeline of existence. Within the feeding chain of wealth was the criminal element, which asserted its influence from the mean neighborhood streets all the way to City Hall. Crime and corruption were part of daily life, as ubiquitous as the clatter of the new subway. In the Italian districts of East Harlem and Little Italy, the Sicilian Black Hand extorted protection money from local stores and businesses with an unambiguous message of a broken storefront window and a sinister black hand sitting amid the rubble. Jewish gangsters prowled the Lower East Side, making money through prostitution, card games, blackjacking services, burglary and pick pocketing. Irish toughs ruled the streets around Five Points and were locked in a continual war with Italian, German and Jewish gangs.
It was into this cauldron of greed, crime, corruption and power that Captain Archibald Butt escorted William Howard Taft to his first foray as President into New York in March of 1909.

It had been just a year since Archie had come to Washington. He never foresaw how close he would become to Roosevelt or the essential position he would assume in the White House. Archie did not anticipate finding himself in the same intimate role with Taft as he did with Roosevelt. For one, what drew he and Roosevelt together was their common love for athletics and manly competition. When William Howard Taft took office he weighed 320 pounds. Archie wrote of Taft, “He moves very slowly, and I defy anyone in the world to hurry him.” Archie did not believe he would be sharing a sporting relationship with the new President. 
As it turned out, Archie was wrong. Taft proved to be a decent horseman – he and Archie would go riding at least three times a week – and an avid golfer. Many believed Taft was more dedicated to his golf game than his Presidency.
Archie soon grew as close to the new President as he was with the old. Where he was a companion to Roosevelt, he became an all-purpose friend, attendant, escort and confidant to Taft. 
They traveled to New York by train on the morning of March 19, a little more than two weeks after the inauguration. That first evening in New York, Taft gave a speech to sixteen hundred of his fellow Yale alumni at the Waldorf-Astoria. It was an ill-prepared, boring talk. Despite the uninspiring speech, people were anxious to shake the hand of the new President. A reception line was organized. Archie stood a step behind Taft, next to John Wilkie, the Chief of the Secret Service, both keeping a watchful eye toward the President. “For some reason,” Wilkie said to Archie, “the personality of Roosevelt kept away cranks and frightened away anarchists, but the personality of Mr. Taft is that which always seems to invite attacks.”  With that, Wilkie and Archie noticed an awkward, uncomfortable man invade Taft’s space. Their protective instincts sprang alert, only to retreat when they saw Taft warmly grasp the man’s hand.
“And what are you up to these days, Jack?” Taft said.
“Real estate, Mr. President. And we’re looking for investors. Any interest?”
Taft laughed a big barrel laugh. “Anything the Astors do is bound to be successful. Good luck with it.”
“Thank you, sir,” Astor said, then stepped to Archie. “Captain Butt,” Astor saluted. “Lieutenant Colonel John Jacob Astor, Cuba, 1898-99.” 
Archie saluted back. “A pleasure, Colonel Astor. Your reputation as a soldier precedes you.”
“Really? I didn’t exactly see bloody combat. I mainly financed my battalion and loaned them my yacht.”
“You did your job as a patriot, sir, and that steads you well in my book.”
“Thank you, Captain.” Astor puffed his chest out then saluted again.

The next morning Taft had a meeting scheduled at the Morgan library. He had known J. Pierpont Morgan for some time and was always impressed by his insight into markets and money. Every time the men met, Morgan lobbied for a Federal Reserve System that would act much like a central bank. Morgan felt that with such a federal system, speculative bubbles, like the one that cause the Panic of ’07, could be avoided. 
Though Taft agreed with many of Morgan’s ideas, he also realized it would be bad politics to be seen too often with the country’s most controversial face of capitalism. So that morning Taft, accompanied only by Archie and two secret service men, slipped from the residence of Henry Taft, the President’s brother, and crossed Manhattan to the Morgan Library. 
A cold winter’s sun shone on Taft and Archie as they treaded past the library’s marble lionesses and into the vaulted rotunda. Seeing the stunning opulence before them, even the breath of President of the United States was taken away. The columns of the rotunda were polished lapis lazuli; the floors were Roman marble. Morgan greeted the President with proper deference, though his manner was one of a long-reigning emperor welcoming a temporal king. “Mr. President, so good to see you again,” Morgan said, clasping Taft’s hand. 
While Archie had seen Morgan before, he was never so close as to explore the formidable landscape of his face. Pictures of the young Pierpont Morgan showed a slim, handsome man with a heavy brush mustache and a serious, but hardly powerful visage. He looked like what he was – an efficient banker. Years of wealth and power transformed the features of this rather gray looking young man into an odd sculpture of magnificence. His face, repulsive in appearance, was absolutely magnetic in character. The large, massive head sat on a large, massive body. The brush mustache was still there, but now white and drooping down the sides of his mouth. His thick brown hair had turned gray and thin, and was parted and combed carefully to cover his head. The high, rounded forehead arched down to a strong brow under which sat Morgan’s famous burning eyes. And then there was the nose: a tremendous lump of red and purple flesh flaming with mountainous carbuncles that gave the appearance of a volcanic lunar landscape. The unfortunate feature was a product of rhinophyma, a skin disease that Morgan developed in his fifties. He was very self-conscious about it and, at the same time, he didn’t give a damn: he was, after all, J. P. Morgan. Stare at your own risk.
“Come, gentlemen, let me show you my library.” Morgan escorted the President and his small entourage into the East Room. Massive, three-tiered bookcases of bronze and polished wood encircled the entire, colossal room. The library was crowned by a high vaulted ceiling on which was painted constellations of zodiac signs and Roman gods. 
“This is overwhelming, Pierpont,” Taft said to Morgan. “Goddam overwhelming.”
“Thank you, Mr. President. Every piece has a story to it, but for the life of me, I can never remember any of them.”
The assembled men – Taft, Archie, the secret service agents – laughed on cue. 
“My librarian knows. It’s all pretty interesting. She’ll tell you.” Morgan walked to a nearby desk and pushed a buzzer on a small mahogany box. Within moments the men heard the light clicking of a woman’s heels on the rotunda’s marble floor. Then in walked the librarian.
Morgan always liked to see the faces of men when they first set eyes on his librarian. He knew what they expected – some pinched-faced middle-aged woman, her graying hair set tightly in bun, peering over heavy glasses. 
Her hair was in a bun, but that was about all that fulfilled the expectation. She was young, spectacularly young, still in her twenties, with dark, radiant hair and deep golden skin. She had a soft, heart-shaped face, full lips that were the color of summer cherries, and lavishly rich brows. Her eyes were hooded under heavy-lids, which gave her an aura of smoky sensuality.
There was a soft, collective gasp from the men in the room. 
“Mr. President,” Morgan said. “Let me introduce Belle da Costa Greene.”
Belle held her hand out to Taft. “Miss Greene, a pleasure,” said the President, then trying to think of something appropriate to say but unable to, he fumbled to his right and muttered, “This is my Military Aide, Captain Archibald Butt.” Archie bowed and took the hand she held toward him. As he touched her pliant fingers, his body quivered with an electric charge that he had never experience in his forty-three years of life. Then she raised her eyes to his. They were jade green floating in pools of pearl white. 
“Belle, the President would like to know about the artwork in the room,” Morgan said.
“Of course,” Belle answered with an enthusiastic flourish. “Isn’t it just spectacular?” She glided away from Archie with all the men’s eyes following her. “The twelve paintings on the ceiling were based on motifs from the Villa Farnesina in Rome, originally designed in the sixteenth century by Raphael for the Italian banker Angostino Chigi.” The easy grace with which Belle spoke only added to her attractiveness. Two of the most powerful men on earth listened like attentive little boys. “The ceiling was created specifically for Mr. Morgan and the constellations are astrologically significant to his life, as are the mythological stories portrayed on the panels. For instance, over the sign of Aries, Mr. Morgan’s sun sign, is Venus and Cupid.” 
“Aren’t those the gods of love, Pierpont?” Taft said.
Morgan grunted. Seeing her boss’s discomfort, Belle pointed to a large tapestry that hung over the library’s marble mantle. “This is my favorite piece. A sixteenth century tapestry designed by the Brussels artist Pieter Coecke van Aelst from his series of the ‘Seven Deadly Sins’. This one is ‘The Triumph of Avarice’.  You see winged Avarice rising from the fire. The Latin inscription on the tapestry reads, ‘As Tantalus ever thirsts in the midst of water, so the miser hungers always for wealth.’ And there’s an angel pointing to the gates to Hell. Thrilling, isn’t it, gentlemen?” 
All the men nodded. It was thrilling. Especially the way Belle talked about it.
“Now, Mr. President,” Morgan piped in, “shall we go to my private study for our meeting?” Morgan led the way out of East Room and across the rotunda. “With all due respect to the Captain, Mr. President, I should think we might take our meeting in private.”
“I’m so sorry, Archie,” Taft said. “You could wait outside with the other men. I suppose I really didn’t need you to come with me this morning.”
Archie was as gracious as ever. “That’s all right, sir, it was a treat to experience Mr. Morgan’s library and hear Miss Greene’s very insightful commentary.” 
“Good, at least it wasn’t a complete waste of your time.” Taft pulled out his pocket watch. “Our train for Washington is at seven. Why don’t you take the day off? See a bit of New York.”
“Yes. Good suggestion, sir. Thank you.” 
“I’ll call you a cab, Captain.” Belle chimed in.
“Thank you, Miss Greene. But I prefer to walk. It’s such a beautiful morning.” Archie turned and saluted both men. “Mr. Morgan, Mr. President.” 
“Let me at least escort you out, Captain,” Belle said. She touched his elbow to lead him to the rotunda doors. And it happened again – an electric charge shot through Archie’s body. Far from being uncomfortable, it was one of the more thrilling sensations he had ever felt; a warm rush that surged through him from head to toe. Belle swung the bronze doors open. Light flooded in, enveloping her. She lifted her green eyes. They glistened like emeralds catching the sunlight. “Captain Butt,” she said. “I’m sorry you are leaving so soon. I so enjoyed your Southern manner.”
“How did you know I was from the South?”
“It’s difficult to hide that accent of yours. Besides, Northern men are absolute boors next to a well-mannered Southern gentleman. When you return to New York, I’ll give you a proper tour of our library. You’ll give me a call, Captain, yes?”
“Most certainly, Miss Greene.”
“You promise now?”
“A soldier’s word.”
“Good enough then,” Belle said, holding out her hand. Archie gently took it and shuddered ever so slightly, again feeling a warm electric jolt at the touch of her skin.


CHAPTER 5

Late that cold morning of March 20th, a fire broke out at the Belasco Theater on 44th Street. A brigade of horse-drawn fire trucks raced up Fifth Avenue toward the blaze, clanging their bells to clear the street as they went. Archie, who was strolling on the sidewalk, did not notice the racket. Nor did he notice John Jacob Astor IV, whom he passed outside the Waldorf-Astoria while Astor was walking his Airedale, Kitty. He wasn’t aware of the brawl that spilled out from Hennesy’s bar near 51st Street. Nor did he pay any mind to the ukulele player busking a brassy version of My Gal Sal near the Plaza Hotel. Archie was thinking about one thing and one thing only: Belle da Costa Greene. He couldn’t get her out of his mind. Not that he wanted to. He saw nothing else, heard nothing else, felt nothing else. He had no idea where he was and it didn’t matter. He was intoxicated like never before, drunk on something far more powerful than his cherished Kentucky bourbon. In his mind he heard her voice again, which was sweet and effervescent. He felt the touch of her fingers again, re-experienced their softness and electric heat. He recalled her flawless golden skin, the deep crimson of her lips, and those eyes, those mysterious green eyes.  He heard her say, “You’ll give me a call, Captain, yes?” He heard her say it again and again. “You’ll give me a call, Captain, yes?” 
He crossed the street to the edge of Central Park. Birds sang, hansom cabs crisscrossed the dirt thoroughfares and lovers strolled hand in hand. An even better place to get lost in this feeling of…what in the world is this feeling? Archie didn’t answer himself as his fevered mind wandered back to Belle. He was so lost in his reverie he didn’t notice a man jump out of a slow moving automobile and come up behind him. Nor did he sense the man’s presence until he felt something steely jab into his back.
“Don’t say nothin’. Just do what I tell ya.” The voice was a low, rough, New York growl. Archie was confused, lost between his dream of Belle and the suddenness of the intrusion.
“There’s an automobile by the curb. You’re gonna get in it with me.”
“What is this?” Archie asked, not able to see the face of the man behind him.
“Shut up, and get in the automobile.”
“Is this a robbery? Do you want money?”
“Com’on, Captain, don’t ya know what an order is?” 
The man was addressing Archie by his rank. It was obviously no robbery. 
“I work for the President of…”
“Get in the damn car. Now!!” The man pushed Archie into the idling automobile. The driver, who wore an odd chauffeur’s cap pulled low to his eyes, stepped on the gas. The car sped off. 
“What’s going on? What do you want?”
“Just sit back and enjoy the scenery, Captain,” the harsh voice uttered. “Ain’t New York lovely?”
Archie peered out. It was only a few blocks from where he was strolling, but the world was far different here: darker in every respect. Dilapidated tenements loomed close to the street, which was pocked with potholes and strewn with garbage. The few pedestrians on the sidewalk were Negro men in shabby clothes. Archie grew uneasy watching small knots of dusky men crowded on the street corners, suspiciously eyeing him going by.
“San Juan Hill, that’s what they call it here,” his kidnapper said. “Just like what ol’ Teddy Roosevelt charged up with his gang o’ Rough Riders. San Juan Hill. The perfect place for a good fight. Quite a neighborhood, huh, Captain? Wait’ll ya see what’s next?”
“What’s next” was a few blocks south. It was even more squalid than the Negro section, with a stench of rotting rubbish and open sewage that paralyzed the senses. Rather than being barren of people, these filthy streets teemed with life. Above, on balconies, inexhaustible women squawked to each other while hanging laundry over the rusting iron railings. Along the sidewalk large, rough men loitered in groups, their oily caps cocked on their heads. Archie saw a dead horse rotting near a curb. A group of scruffy children leapt back and forth over the decomposing corpse. One boy pushed a little girl into the horse just as she was taking her jump. She tumbled into the dead animal’s desiccated ribs. The boy laughed. After a moment’s pout, the girl started laughing too. The whole group of mangy gamins started laughing then they all ran and took flying leaps onto the decaying carcass.
“Welcome to Hell’s Kitchen, Captain,” his captor said.
Archie didn’t answer; he was entranced by the spectacle outside, observing it as an anthropologist would view the strange habits of a foreign culture. The car turned down a small dirt alleyway and pulled near a crumbling building’s back entry. The driver jumped from the parked car and hustled through a moldy door.
“Time to move out, Captain.”
Archie felt the gun jab into his ribs again. He lifted the door’s handle then slid out. It was the first time Archie was able to see his kidnapper’s face. Rather than the coarse, burly man he expected, the person behind him was a small, angel-faced boy who looked no more than thirteen, if that. Seeing Archie’s surprise, the boy smiled, revealing a Grand Canyon gap between his front teeth.
They stepped into a dank warehouse that was stacked with barrels and smelled of beer mixed with motor oil. The floor was cold and moist. On the far side of the warehouse was a half open door. Archie’s young kidnapper knocked gently. “Bring him in,” a voice from inside called.
The boy pushed Archie into a low, murky room whose only light came through a grimy window. As his eyes began to adjust, Archie saw a large map of New York on one wall and a rickety desk near the back of the room, on which was a half-eaten chicken. The man at the desk looked like he might have been the driver, though Archie wasn’t sure. He wore no chauffeur’s cap. Instead, he had a torrent of long black hair that cascaded onto his shoulders.
“Captain Butt,” the man said, rising from his seat. He looked like a poorhouse apparition, albeit a handsome one, with a strong face that was smudged with several days growth of beard. His wool sweater was unraveling near the bottom of the sleeves and the leather of his high, heavy boots was cracking. His poverty-stricken appearance belied the way he moved – graceful and confident like a cat. 
“Excuse the primitive quarters, Captain, but I thought it would be appropriate to meet in surroundings that might make us both feel comfortable.”
“Is this your idea of a joke, sir?”
“Not at all,” the man said cheerfully. “Shitholes like this is where we spent most of our time together.”
“You’ve mistaken me for someone else.” 
“Com’on Captain, doesn’t the rottenness of this place remind you of those romantic nights in Manila?”
Archie’s body snapped at the mention of Manila. He squinted to get a clearer look at the man whose coal black eyes glimmered through the darkness. Archie stammered: “Mick?”
The man saluted. “Corporal Michael Shaughnessy, sir.” And with that he threw his arms around Archie. “Goddam Captain, it’s good to see you.”
Archie stood with his hands awkwardly by his side. 
“You look a little puzzled. I don’t see why,” Mick said, releasing his tight embrace. “I mean, I’m still the same old Mick, you can see that.”
Actually, Archie could see that. It’s what puzzled him even more. If the man before him was defeated by life, beaten and broken, his shabby appearance could be explained. But this man before him was as powerful and dynamic as Archie remembered him to be. “You’ll excuse me Mick, I’m a little confused.”
“Confusion is not always a bad thing.” 
“I take it there’s been some changes in your life, Mick.”
“Just a few. Please, have a seat. Would you like some coffee? Henry here makes a cup that would wake the dead.” Mick gestured to Archie’s boy kidnapper, who flashed a gap-toothed grin at Mick’s praise.
“No, thank you. Mick, I’m currently the chief military aide to the President of the United States. You can’t just kidnap me off the street.”
“I can and I did, Captain.” 
“You could have just called me.”
“I don’t think so. The Feds have a keen interest in me. I believe you and the Attorney General have already had a chat in that regards.”
There was some sort of game being played, Archie thought, though he had no idea what it was. “He said you were responsible for the explosion at the Astor’s home last New Year’s Eve.”
Mick grinned slyly, hearing the accusation.
“And…were you?” Archie asked.
“No. The Attorney General was mistaken. A furnace blew up. Everyone knows that. It was printed in the papers. Page one, New York Times.”
“The papers don’t always get it right.” 
“In this case, they did. I’ve never lied to you, Captain. If I’m responsible for a subversive action, I’ll be right square about it.”
“Then why are they interested in you?”
“That is an excellent question. Come on, let’s go for a little stroll.”  Mick took Archie’s arm and led him to a door behind his desk. He opened it and gentlemanly gestured for Archie to go first. Archie hesitated. “This won’t take long,” Mick said. “I know you have a train to catch back to Washington this evening.”
He knows too much, Archie thought, stepping behind Mick into a stairwell whose walls smelled of sour ammonia. They climbed two flights then Mick swung open the door. The clamor and stench hit Archie like a hammer. Clots of people were crowded in the hallway. Babies were screaming, children screeching, women yelling, men shouting – it was a symphony of human dissonance. The smell was a sulfurous blend of gas, greasy food, human waste, cigarette smoke, sweat, grime and fetid garbage. Archie grew queasy. 
“A little different from the Morgan Library, yes Captain?”
How did he know I was at the Morgan library this morning? 
Mick started talking as he led Archie down the hallway. “There’s no heating in the building so they come into the hallway for warmth. They stand together to generate heat. It beats freezing to death.”
Stepping into the horde, Mick was met by a large, red-faced woman leaning against a wall, feeding twins, one on each breast. “Mornin’ to ya, Mick,” she squawked. 
“You look radiant today, Mae,” Mick answered.
“Two babes suckin’ at m’tits keeps me flamed.” Archie smelled a noxious combination of garlic and whisky on her breath.
Pushing his way down the hall, Mick was greeted by the wretched collection of rag and bone people like a local prince. “Hiya, Mick,” “Happy day to ya,” “Top of the mornin,” “God bless ya, Mick.” An emaciated old man with a long white beard and a face so creased he looked like some medieval gargoyle, lifted a clawed hand to his brow and delivered a palsied salute. Mick saluted crisply back. 
To Archie it was like being jostled through one of Dante’s circles of hell, except these people seemed relatively accepting of their infernal conditions. At the end of the hallway Mick pushed open two windows that led to a fire escape. He flicked his head, inviting Archie to step out on the rusting iron platform. Archie found the blast of chilled air comforting relief after the suffocating atmosphere inside. 
“A bit stuffy in there, wouldn’t you say?” asked Mick.
“What are you doing here, Mick? You’re a decorated solider.”
 “Actually, there were several other decorated soldiers in that hallway. I should have introduced you, soldier to soldier”
Archie grew irked by Mick’s glibness. “Tell me what you want and I’ll be on my way.” 
“What do you see on that street, Captain?” 
Archie looked down to a sprawl of people, most of them dressed in threadbare clothes, moving like a single, giant insect up and back along the crowded sidewalks, trying to keep warm.
“This floor we walked down is only one squalid floor in one ramshackle building on one woe-begotten block. There are hundreds of blocks just like this, Captain, thousands more tenements, some far worst than this. And there are tens of thousands of people who live in these conditions. That’s why I brought you here. To see this.”
“It’s sad, Mick, but I can’t do anything about it.”
 “You’re with the President of the United States every day,” Mick said, agitated. “You have his ear. Of course you could do something about it!”
“My job is to attend to the President’s needs. Not to be his advisor. He has plenty of those. I am a soldier. I do my duty and that’s all I do. You know what the responsibility of a soldier is. You were the best soldier I’ve ever known.”  
“I still am that soldier, Captain. And I remain true to those I serve – the American people.” Mick swept his arm out toward the crowded street below. “These American people. I fight for them.”
“I’m sorry, Mick, but you sound like an anarchist.” 
“Do you know who owns this hellhole of a building? Do you know who owns this entire filthy block?!” 
“I do not,” said Archie.
“A slumlord. The richest of slumlords. Though he has never set foot in his empire here, he just sends some lackey to collect the rent. You can help, Captain, you’re in a position to. You are a courageous man, I know that.”
“I’m sorry, Mick, this is your war, not mine. And now I must take my leave.”
“You’ll help me. I’ll enlist you in this war. You’ll come around. I know you too well.”
Archie saluted Mick. “As before, I wish you well soldier, if only for what was our friendship.”
“Thank you, sir,” Mick saluted back. “I’ll have Henry drive you to your hotel.”
“That’s okay,” said Archie. “I prefer to leave by myself.”

* * *

Archie rode with Taft in the Presidential rail car that evening. The discussion centered on what bon voyage gift to give Roosevelt upon his departure for safari. Archie suggested a small gold ruler that would be inscribe with Roosevelt’s favorite parting words: “Good bye – good luck.” Archie always liked that expression, especially the strong and emphatic way Roosevelt would say it. Taft wanted another line added: “and have a safe return.”
Nothing was asked or said about Archie’s activities that day. Nor did Archie report his encounter with Mick Shaughnessy to the Attorney General’s office.

***

On March 23, 1909, private citizen Theodore Roosevelt left with great fanfare for Africa. Over 10,000 people turned out to cheer him as he boarded the ocean liner Hamburg in New York harbor. Archie was there to present him with the gold ruler from President Taft. Roosevelt would not set foot on American soil again for well over a year.


CHAPTER 6

John Astor was euphoric. He was racing up the long stretch between Stamford and West Haven in his new Pierce-Arrow roadster, taking in the blue skies and undulating green landscape. The car bounced and skidded over the rutted dirt roadway. The blast force of wind pushed his driving goggles into his eye sockets. He looked down at his speedometer: 53 miles an hour. He was flying. 
Speed was not the only reason for his unbridled giddiness. Astor had just finalized terms of his divorce from Ava. The mess of a marriage was finally ending. Two million dollars was all it took. She did try to weasel a stipend from him, but as he had such a long laundry list of her infidelities, she wisely took what she could and boarded a ship for Europe. Ava always knew the strength of her hand, which cards to hold, which cards to play, and when to finally get up from the table. 
When Astor pulled into Newport that afternoon, he took his thundering roadster right through the center of town. All the townspeople noticed the gangly, mustachioed man behind the wheel. Everyone knew who he was. But no one waved or acknowledged him and he acknowledged no one in return. By the time Astor turned up a long horseshoe driveway and saw the imposing cream stucco walls of Beechwood, a tinge of sadness began to color his exhilaration. Not only was Ava gone, but so was his mother. And his son Vincent wouldn’t be there for weeks. A deep sense of loneliness crept over him.
The servants expected his arrival and set out a simple lunch of foie gras, tea sandwiches and white Rhine wine. Astor wandered through the mansion alone, finding his way to the heart of the house, the ballroom. He strode across the polished wood floor to a bank of floor-to-ceiling windows. The view onto the ocean was spectacular. It was as if the ballroom, with its gentle swirling arches and seaweed lighting sconces, was an extension of the shimmering blue ocean outside. The light flooded in. Astor closed his eyes and tried to retrieve the memory of the music and gaiety that had long filled the room. All he heard was the crashing waves. An overwhelming weariness overtook him. He went up to his bedroom and lay down for a nap. He slept till the next morning.

“The Season,” as it was simply known in Newport, officially began the first week in July and ended the last week in August. The quaint Rhode Island town was a center of commerce during colonial times and became a cultural retreat in the mid-nineteenth century with summer visitors that included Henry Wadsworth Longfellow, Henry and William James, and Edgar Allen Poe. 
August Belmont Sr. built the first “cottage” on Bellevue Avenue for his wife Caroline, who was a Newport native. No matter how large and ostentatious a Newport mansion was, it was always referred to as a “cottage.” It wasn’t until 1881, when the Mrs. Astor beseeched her husband, William Blackhouse Astor, Jr., to purchase the modest cottage of Beechwood, that the floodgates flew open and society began flocking en masse to Newport. Mr. Astor bought Beechwood for $150,000 and thought he got a bargain. The dour Mr. Astor loved bargains. The Mrs. Astor knew how to turn any bargain into an expensive extravagance and proceeded to hire the most famous architect of the era, Richard Morris Hunt, and pump $2,000,000 into renovating the place. A year later Beechwood opened and became the social hub of Newport society. 
Following Mrs. Astor’s lead, new “cottages” began springing up along Bellevue Avenue like gaudy flowers. Oliver Belmont, August’s son, built a Louis XIII–style castle called Belcourt. Alva Vanderbilt one upped Belmont with the building of Marble House, a mansion entirely constructed of exquisite marble – black marble, white marble, veined marble, yellow Sienna marble, pink Numidian marble, gold leafed marble, rough hewn marble, polished marble, marble inside and out. Not to be outdone by his social climbing sister-in-law, Cornelius Vanderbilt II commissioned Richard Morris Hunt to build the grandest cottage of them all and expense be damned. Hunt created a 70 room, four-story limestone manor called the Breakers. With a grand entrance hall whose ceiling rose 45 feet above its floor, a kingly salon, a rococo dining room of marble and gilded bronze, music rooms, separate ladies and gentlemen reception rooms, a library whose great stone chimney was imported from a French chateau, the Breakers stood as the ultimate lavish expression of an excessively lavish age. 
By 1909, the building frenzy had long stopped. The giants of the Gilded Age were either dead or doddering, and “The Season” had devolved into highly stylized rituals of leisure carried on by a younger generation who lacked the inspired gusto for conspicuous consumption. Yes, there were parties and polo and lawn tennis and swims at Bailey Beach, but the unbridled decadence and extravagant spending sprees of the new breed paled in comparison to their mothers and fathers. 
The last remaining vestige, the final link to the full golden bloom of the Gilded Age was, ironically, the poorest – Mamie Stuyvesant Fish. Mamie would often crack that she and her husband “were not rich, we only have a few million.”
On the evening of July 23, 1909, the now 58 year-old Mamie was hosting her annual ball at her cottage, Crossways, a relatively modest dwelling for Newport – only 37 rooms and a manicured lawn that rambled over an acre to a dramatic view of the ocean. The theme of the ball was “Mother Goose.” Everyone attending was to dress up as a nursery rhyme character. Mamie was Mother Goose, in a blue bonnet and carrying a long staff, which she’d occasionally goose her guests with. 
John Astor hated these parties, but as the only Astor left in Newport, he was obliged to go. In tow was his son Vincent. At 17, Vincent was the spitting image of his father. Long and gangly, with a thin, bony face and an awkwardness that was compounded by adolescence, Vincent shuffled through life with his eyes cast shyly down. Ava despised her son for looking like the husband she hated, and constantly berated the boy. Vincent was dressed as an owl, in a feathered suit, with a beak and huge round glasses. Astor came as the pussycat.
Mamie approached Astor and Vincent as they strolled into the grand living room. “Ah, Mr. Pussycat, been munching on canaries?” she asked.
“How are you, Mamie?” Astor muttered.
“That’s Mother Goose to you. And to answer your question: my life is a fairy tale!” Mamie cackled at her own joke.
“That’s good, Mamie.”
“I heard you and Ava are divorcing. I’m sorry about that.”
“It’s not quite official yet. But yes, we are ending our marriage.”
“Plenty of songbirds here tonight, Jack,” Mamie said, pointing toward a collection of middle-aged women in their nursery rhyme costumes.
“Umm,” Astor hummed as Mamie turned away to greet Humpty Dumpty, who was waddling toward them. Astor made his way to the hors d’oeuvre table with Vincent walking a pace behind. “Excuse me, ladies,” he said, cutting through a knot of teenaged girls. “Meow, I recognize some of you, yes. You’re Mary and I bet you’re quite contrary. And you’re Little Red Riding Hood. But who are you, m’dear?” he asked a fresh faced blond girl who was wearing a yellow dress cut low to reveal an eye-catching décolletage.
“Chicken Little,” she said. “And you?”
“I am the Pussycat and my son here is the Owl.” 
“Are you being a good puss this evening?” Chicken Little asked.
“I haven’t eaten any of your feathered friends, if that’s what you mean.”
The girl playfully cuffed Astor across his snout. “Good,” she said. “A puss like you should behave himself.” She giggled and so did her friends, all of whom turned away from Astor.
He moved down the table and spooned some caviar on a small plate.
“Dad, those girls were my age,” Vincent said.
“I was just having a little fun. No harm.”
Vincent looked over at the girls. Chicken Little’s eyes caught his. She smiled. Vincent turned red behind his beak and glasses. 

For Astor, the dinner was a dreary affair. He was seated next to Tessie Oelrichs, who was dressed as Cinderella, though at age 66, Astor thought she more resembled the wicked stepmother. Tessie prattled on about the good old days with the Mrs. Astor. “Now that was a time of magnificence,” she said to Astor, “and your mother, god rest her soul, she knew how to maintain the necessary boundaries of society.”
If that was the case, Astor thought, how did she let you in? As Tessie kept chattering, Astor glanced to Vincent, who had the good luck to be seated next to Chicken Little. Astor noticed his son being swept up by her flirtatious charms. He watched how she pursed her lips and pushed close to Vincent, brushing her young breasts against his arm then pulling back with a seductive tilt of her head. He wished he were the one sitting there.
Two hands suddenly clapped him on the shoulders. Astor whirled to see a grinning fox. “Do I know you?” Astor asked.
“If you don’t, you should,” the fox replied. 
It was George Vanderbilt. “I’ve been looking for you, Jack. I need someone who I could have a smoke with. You up for a little stroll?”

The evening sky was splashed with magenta, dimly lighting a pussycat and a fox as they ambled over the long lawn of Crossways. Both puffed on cigarettes. They tried to make small talk, but neither was very good at it. Astor finally broached the subject he’d been bursting to talk about with Vanderbilt for months. 
“So, what did you really think of that book I sent you?” Astor asked.
“‘The future,’ as you called it, Jack?”
“Yes, ‘the future.’”
“I told you. I thought it was absolutely batty. That fellow Gillette should stick to razor blades.”
“You didn’t see the potential in it?”
“Good god, no. One giant city where everyone would live? What a nightmare!”
“That’s not it,” said Astor. “Gillette was way off there. But his idea of having a new type of city is brilliant. Just brilliant. Look at New York. It’s a jumble of shops and people and slums. It’s ugly and smelly. There’s no efficiency to it.”
“Spoken like a true engineer, Jack.” Vanderbilt was humoring him and Astor was a little frustrated trying to make Vanderbilt see his vision. Then he noticed a croquet game set up over the lawn. He ran toward a cluster of the wooden balls. 
“Don’t you think, if you could give people a city where life was made easy, where you could have…” he took one of the balls in his hand and carefully placed it on the lawn. “…shopping centers in one convenient place…” Astor took another ball and placed it about a yard from the first “…and dining centers in another convenient place…” He took a third ball and placed it so that an arc was taking shape…“and work centers and recreational centers and living centers…” He put a ball down for each center. The arc transformed into a careful geometric circle. “…And all these centers would be powered by a centralized electrical system and connected by efficient, mass transportation, don’t you think people and businesses would flock to these cities?”
Vanderbilt didn’t answer, contemplating the circle. 
Astor raced over the lawn and began rearranging the croquet wickets so that they lined up in a new pattern. “And you wouldn’t have just one of these cities, but many of them. They’d be strategically located all over America and easily connected by roads or water or train.”
“Cities aren’t built from scratch,” Vanderbilt plainly stated.
“And that’s why they’re a mess. It’s time to build the great cities of the future, George. Cities that are designed for maximum efficiency. Cities that people would flock to because it gives them better lives. And the people who develop these cities would be remembered forever.”
“And make money,” Vanderbilt said, as much to himself as to Astor.
“That goes without saying.” 
“It’s a big project.”
“The biggest.”
“It’s all very interesting, I’ll give you that.” Vanderbilt looked over the rearranged croquet game one more time. “Very interesting.”

Astor rode home that evening elated. His role in life was finally clear. He was meeting his destiny: “Architect of the Future.” He kept turning that phrase over in his head. “Architect of the Future!”
In the seat next to Astor, Vincent was as aglow as his father, though for a very different reason. Chicken Little had pulled him into a hidden alcove just off the ballroom, pressed her mouth to his, parted her lips, slithered her tongue slowly into his mouth and presented him with the first great kiss of his life.


CHAPTER 7

Theodore Roosevelt’s ship anchored in Mombassa, East British Africa on April 18, 1909. With him were his son Kermit and seven other expedition members. They were accompanied by 250 guides and porters who, for ten months, would haul six tons of equipment through the forests and grasslands of East Africa. The National Geographic Society contributed $50,000, sponsoring the safari for “the scientific collection of specimens.” 
The safari started slowly with a trek through East British Africa (Kenya and Ethiopia) before encountering thick herds of wild beasts in the Belgian Congo. By August, six months in, the group had gone deep into the Kenyan plains. Despite the remoteness, Roosevelt would receive newspapers and correspondence at least two times a week from “a naked runner.” What the ex-President was reading disturbed him. Taft was altering, if not reversing, many of Roosevelt’s initiatives. And big business was giddy about the country’s new direction. If they had their wishes, Roosevelt would disappear into darkest Africa forever. J. Pierpont Morgan summed up these sentiments when, at a New York dinner party, he raised his glass and declared: “America expects every lion will do his duty.” 
He got a great laugh and hearty applause.

Even as Taft was asserting his independence, he had grown increasingly uneasy in his Presidency. He knew he occupied the White House only because Roosevelt handpicked him. Taft continually fretted about Roosevelt. What would Roosevelt think? How would Roosevelt have acted? And what would Roosevelt do upon his return from Africa? No matter how hard Taft tried, the large shadow of Theodore Roosevelt haunted him.
No one saw this more clearly than Archie. He liked Taft and was always at his side. When Taft fell asleep and started snoring in church, it was Archie who would gently poke him awake. When Taft wanted to unburden his soul, the two would take long walks through the streets around the White House.
Adding to Taft’s worries, a personal crisis struck on May 17, 1909. The First Lady, Helen Herron Taft – “Nellie” to everyone – fainted aboard the Presidential yacht during a reception on the Potomac River. She was half conscious when Archie carried her off the boat and rushed her to a hospital. Taft was inconsolable. If Will Taft was affable and relatively unambitious, it was Nellie – shrewd, aspiring, and outspoken in her opinions – that drove him to the pinnacle of power. She was everything to him. It was first thought to be heat exhaustion. Then the doctors diagnosed “nervous hysteria.” But when Nellie didn’t regain her ability to speak or move her left side, it became obvious that she had suffered a stroke. She was 47 years old.  
Without his wife pushing and prodding him, sizing up political situations, and acting as his pillar of strength, Taft’s effectiveness as President eroded. He looked for guidance and refuge anywhere he could. One place was his church. Taft had been attending Sunday services at All Soul’s Unitarian Church since 1906, when he came to Washington to be Roosevelt’s Secretary of War. During those times he would slip quietly into a back pew, as unnoticed as a 320-pound man could be. Since he became President, his Sunday visits grew to become a pageant. 
Two weeks after Nellie’s stroke, Taft returned to the church with Archie. The Presidential limousine rolled to the curbside on Fourteenth and L Street, where an attendant rushed to open the door. A crowd of parishioners applauded as Taft exited the car, tipped his hat then let Archie lead him into the church’s vestibule. Once inside, those that did not have personal prayer books (Taft used the one given to him by his father) were offered one. 
“Thank you, son,” Archie said to the boy who handed him his prayer book. The boy shyly nodded, so bashful he kept his head down and his eyes focused on the floor. Taft noticed the boy’s discomfort and tousled the young teenager’s hair. 
Only after the Presidential party took their seats in the first two rows, did the entire congregation file into the pews. The church’s imposing pastor, Dr. Ulysses G. B. Pierce, strode out in white-robed splendor and peered over his congregation. “God is,” he intoned with righteous vibrato, “He is here! He is here now! Let us celebrate God by opening our prayer books to page six.”
The turning pages sounded like the fluttering of wings. Archie glanced to the President, who looked comforted by the familiar ritual. Then Archie opened his own book and grew puzzled. It was not a prayer book. The title page read: “How the Other Half Lives.” Under the title was an inscription in bold handwriting: “Greetings from the front. A noble battle needs great soldiers. Join us, Captain.”
The message carried no signature, but Archie knew who it was from. And it unsettled him. He had already put his last encounter with Mick Shaughnessy out of his mind. Like a disturbing weed, Mick had reappeared. Agitated, Archie began flipping through the pages while the congregation sang a hymn. In the book were pictures of people crowded in squalid living quarters, photographs of gamins starving on the streets of New York, and of attractive young girls laboring in claustrophobic sweatshops. Archie lifted his head and looked toward the back of the church. He noticed the group of adolescent boys who had been serving as ushers. The shy boy who gave him the book was not among them. Archie stood and began excusing himself down the pew. Taft shot him a none-too-pleased look. Archie moved to back of the church as the hymn came to an end, searching for the boy he knew he would not find. 


CHAPTER 8

George Washington Vanderbilt liked to surprise people. He was aware of what they thought of him: the Vanderbilt who was different. The cultured Vanderbilt. The sensitive Vanderbilt. The Vanderbilt who could speak numerous languages. The Vanderbilt who would actually read a book. The Vanderbilt who wasn’t really a Vanderbilt.
Some people did actually question his heritage. George looked and acted nothing like his siblings. They were all stout and sturdy men, mostly with froggish features and loutish manners. They were aggressive businessmen and builders. They wanted to impress the world with empires of industry and garish monuments to themselves.
George was slim, refined, and genteel. He was an avid reader and obsessive book collector. His family assumed that he was happy with his comparatively small inheritance – 6 million dollars – and that he would retire to the life of a writer or professor. 
But George was a Vanderbilt. After his brother William built the Marble House in Newport, to be topped in ostentation by his brother Cornelius’ mansion, The Breakers, George set out to trump them all. He announced to the world that he would be remembered as the grandest and most cultivated Vanderbilt of his generation with his own great house – Biltmore. 
 In 1888 George purchased 2000 acres of a majestic forest near the town of Asheville, North Carolina. He hired the world’s most renown architect (and Vanderbilt family favorite) Richard Morris Hunt, to design Biltmore with him. To create the estate grounds he turned to the acknowledged master of landscaped design, Frederick Law Olmsted – the man who created Central Park. To tend to the massive forest Vanderbilt took on a college friend named Gifford Pinchot, a young man who would go on to become the first head of the U.S. Forest Service.
Biltmore took five years to complete. For Christmas, 1895, George invited the entire Vanderbilt family – mother, brothers, sisters and their families – to the estate’s official opening. None of them had any real idea of what George was building in the boondocks. None of them really cared. That Christmas Eve day the Vanderbilt family traveled in their personal railcars to Asheville, where they were switched to George’s private rails, which he laid from the train depot to the entrance of the estate’s grounds. From there, all boarded carriages for the final three mile journey through ravines and forests, past bubbling streams and serene ponds until, at the very last moment, just before the final ascent, the path opened and revealed the chateau of Biltmore in all its glory, perched on a hill with a backdrop only God (or Olmstead) could have devised. Little brother George had out-Vanderbilted all the Vanderbilts. They stood in awe as George greeted them with an understated “Merry Christmas,” all the while watching their stunned reactions with a subdued delight.

13 years later George sat alone in Biltmore’s 20,000-book library staring at a portrait of his grandfather, Cornelius Vanderbilt, the founder of the Vanderbilt dynasty. Within the family the first Cornelius Vanderbilt was simply known as “The Commodore.” Unlike most of his offspring, he was a handsome man. The portrait showed The Commodore in his later years, with white hair and huge white muttonchops, sitting in a formal dress coat with a high collared white shirt and a silk tie knotted at his neck. He looked calm, benevolent and wise. In fact, he was none of these things. Cornelius Vanderbilt was a foul-tempered, mean, vulgar, son-of-a-bitch who cared about one thing and one thing only: money. His last words to his family as he lay dying were “Keep the money together, hey.”
George knew his grandfather would probably hate him. The Commodore had a reputation for viciously demeaning his children. Yet George often glared up at that portrait of the wise looking man and silently asked his grandfather for guidance. In this case, it was about Astor’s proposal. Despite what he told Astor, he thought the idea was absolutely cracked. Vanderbilt faced overwhelming obstacles in building one great house. He knew that to build cities from scratch, even if they started small, was near impossible.
And yet greatness often begins with a foundation of the impossible. He looked up at his grandfather again. Cornelius Vanderbilt was an illiterate farm boy who started building his fortune by ferrying people from Staten Island to Manhattan. He did the impossible by acquiring steamboats when everyone said it was folly. And then George looked around. Twenty years ago, the very spot he sat was a muddy marsh in the middle of a forest. And now it was the grandest home in America. 
The one thought he tried to avoid, the secret no one else knew, was that building America’s grandest home had practically bankrupted him. He had sunk so much money into the mansion that his funds were almost drained. While he kept up an elegant façade, his world was crumbling. The reason to get involved with Astor was not to achieve greatness; that was Biltmore. The reason to join Astor was to save him from going completely broke.


CHAPTER 9

It had been almost a year since Archie visited Charles Bonaparte and Stanley Finch at the Department of Justice. The earnest young agent Finch had maneuvered himself into the top position of the nation’s newly created intelligence agency, the Bureau of Investigation. 
 “Hello, Captain,” Finch said crisply as Archie entered the office. When they shook hands, Archie was reminded of Finch’s cold, bony grip.
“A pleasure to see you again, Mr. Finch,” Archie said.
“My new title is Director. Director of the Bureau of Investigation”
“Congratulations are in order then, Director.” 
“Have a seat, Captain. I have a few questions I must ask you.”
Archie sat. “So, how can I help you, sir?”
Finch remained silent. The fingers on his right hand tapped his desktop in a rhythmic roll, his fingernails clicking rat-a-tat, rat-a-tat, rat-a-tat. “You might start by coming clean with me.” 
Archie was taken aback by Finch’s abruptness. “Of course, Mr. Finch.”
“Director Finch. If I refer to you by your rank, Captain, I would like the respect of being referred to by my rank. ” Finch crossed his office to a large wooden filing cabinet that stood against the far wall. He pulled an outsized key ring from his pocket and began exhaustively shuffling through the keys until he found the one he was after. Archie noticed Finch’s meticulousness as he placed the key into the third drawer from the top, unlocked it with a precise snap of his wrist and then pulled it open. Finch leafed through the drawer in the same exacting manner, and when he found the file he was looking for, he plucked it up and carried it to his desk. Thumbing through the file’s contents, Finch snapped out a single sheet and tossed it on his desk. Archie had seen it before – it was the picture of him and Mick taken in the Philippines. “We asked you to let us know if you had any contact with this man,” Finch snarled like a prosecutor cornering a killer in the docket.
Archie sat serenely still, not being drawn into Finch’s rising dramatics. “That you did, sir,” Archie said calmly. “That you did.”
“Well?” 
“I’m a very busy man serving the President, Mr.…or rather, Director Finch. Your request must have slipped my mind. My sincere apologies.”
“You met with Mr. Shaughnessy on one occasion and he contacted you within the month. Have these occurrences also slipped your mind?”
Archie was astonished by what Finch knew. The insolent little upstart was obviously very good at his job. “Shall I share with you what Mr. Shaughnessy was contacting me about?” Archie said.
“We already know that too, Captain.” 
“Then what was your purpose of me reporting these things to you?”
“To see if we could depend on you. And while your actions have cast doubt on your dependability…” Finch was now pacing the room like a bantam rooster, “…I am willing to forego my better judgment and take a chance on you.”
“Take a chance on me for what?!”
“A very crucial assignment.”
“Sir, I do not work for your agency. I take orders from one man and one man only – the President of the United States. And I believe, as your agency is part of the executive branch, he is your boss too.”
“I am well aware of that. And the President has been informed of this agency’s request for your service.”
Archie shifted uncomfortably in his chair. “What do you want of me?”
“Simply, to do what Mick Shaughnessy wishes you to do. We want you to contact him, find out what his plans are, what he’s saying, what he’s doing, where he lives, and then we want you to report everything you’ve found back to us.”
“You want me to become a spy for you? That is not what I do.” 
“You’ve taken an oath to be loyal to the United States of America. Not to your anarchist friends.”
“I do not think I’d be very good a spy, Mr. Finch. I’m a lousy liar and I believe it is one of the job requirements.”
“You were unscrupulous enough not to have informed this agency of your contacts with Mick Shaughnessy.”
“That was wrong.”
“Then goddam rectify your mistake, Captain!”
“Mick Shaughnessy is not stupid. He’ll know what I’m up to.”
“Then we’ll teach you to become a better liar. Would that ease your mind about this assignment?” Finch snapped in frustration.
“My choice would be not to do this.”
“Honestly,” Finch spat, “you do not have that choice. You will continue on in your role as Military Aide to the President. You will have minimal contact with our agency. You must, of course, be protective of your identity when you are with Mr. Shaughnessy, but you must be conscious to gather any and all information about him and his activities and then report it back to us. Is that clear, Captain?”
“And the President has approved this?”
“Do you want the official or unofficial answer?”
“Both.”
“Unofficially, the Executive office has approved this. Officially, the Executive office has no idea of this meeting or that your assignment has ever taken place. And it must remain that way.”



CHAPTER 10

"What shall we call you, Captain?” Mick said. “How about Archibald Davis? A distant cousin of your South’s beloved Jeff Davis.”
Archie grunted. He didn’t think it was funny. He didn’t think any of this was funny. He was sitting in the same back seat he was shoved into when kidnapped at Central Park. This time Mick was beside him and young Henry was at the wheel. Mick had cleaned himself up. His hair still flowed long, but it was trimmed and brushed back, giving him the look of a romantic poet rather than an emaciated radical. 
Archie looked different too. Out of uniform, in a dark suit and vest, Archie looked like a bank clerk or insurance salesman. He pulled his black bowler low to further obscure his identity. 
“You’re going to have to get rid of that hat, Captain. It would draw attention to you in this crowd. And you can’t walk in as the military aide to Taft, that’s for sure. How about becoming a champion of the Working Man? A laborer from the peanut farms of Georgia who fought for a twelve-hour day. Hey, don’t look so gloomy. This evening is going to be a helluva lot more interesting than those awful society parties you have to attend.”
“At least those people are not trying to bring down our country,” Archie answered.
“These people are not trying to bring down the country either. Just its government.” Mick leaned forward toward the front seat. “Why don’t you let us out here, Henry. Some fresh air will do us good.”
Archie felt wary walking through Washington Square. He had passed Sanford White’s victory arch that honored George Washington many times in the Presidential coach. But he had never walked through it, never crossed the wide expanse that led into Greenwich Village. A thick fog had enveloped the square. He and Mick seemed alone, joined only by a symphony of disembodied noises and voices that floated through the mist: a lover’s quarrel, the clanging of a street car, a violinist playing a Bach partita, a dog barking. By the time they reached Thompson Street, Archie felt as if he had crossed the river Styx and was now entering some sort of American Hades. 
“This way,” Mick said, guiding Archie through a tangle of narrow streets and alleyways to a row of ramshackle brownstones on MacDougal Street. He stopped in front of number 137. There was a noisy restaurant on the first floor the likes of which Archie had never seen. Men were screaming and waving their arms at their meal companions; women smoked cigarettes and yelled and waved their arms as wildly as the men. A whiskered waiter dropped a plate of pork chops before one diner and screamed, “Cooked pig for a bourgeois pig.”
Mick paid it no notice, ushering Archie into the building where they climbed a dark stairway to the second floor. There was a small hand-lettered sign at the entrance of their destination: “The Liberal Club – The Meeting Place for Those Interested in New Ideas.” Archie surmised he was the only card carrying Republican in the building.
Stepping into the large meeting room, Archie’s first thought was of the Tower of Babel, with its thousands of builders all squawking in different languages. This did seem like Babylon. The room was crowded with exotics – Negroes, Orientals, dark skinned South Americans, heavily bearded Russians, Indian women in saris, and Americans, some wearing well-pressed suits, some in dirty trousers and heavy work boots. The women were neither as fashionable nor refined as the women Archie was used to. Most wore loose cotton dresses that clung sensually to their bodies. They all smoked cigarettes and their manners were as aggressive as the men. 
“Mick, sweetheart!” a woman’s voice called out. Archie and Mick turned to see a stunning young woman in a slinky green dress cut low in back walking toward them. Mick grinned; Archie froze. He couldn’t believe who he was seeing. Though he had met her only once, he knew her face, every feature of it. In idle moments at the White House he would dream about seeing her again. He fantasized being with her at some great diplomatic event where he was in full splendor beside the President. He never imagined their paths would cross in a dingy meeting room at an anarchists’ gathering in Greenwich Village.
“You look ravishing as always, Belle,” Mick said, suavely kissing both her cheeks. “Though your dress might be a bit provocative for the proletariat tonight.”
Seeing Archie, Belle became awkward. She took a step back, trying to distance herself from Mick’s attentions.
“Archie, this is the most enchanting woman you will encounter this evening, Belle da Costa Greene. Belle, this is Archie Davis, an old Army buddy of mine.” 
“A pleasure to meet you, Miss Greene,” Archie said stiffly.
“ Yes. A pleasure. Mr. Davis is it?” Belle replied.
Archie nodded weakly. “Mr. Davis.”
“What are you doing after the meeting, Belle?” Mick asked. “I was thinking about taking Archie to the Brevoort for a drink. Show him how we have fun in Greenwich Village.”
“If that’s an invitation, thank you, but I’m busy,” Belle answered coolly.
There was an uncomfortable quiet between the three, then Belle spoke up, “Is this the first meeting you’ve been to, Mr. Davis?”
“Yes,” said Archie. “It’s a very interesting group of people. It seems to be a place of many surprises.”
“It never ceases to surprise me,” Belle added.
At the front of the room a short, squat woman began calling for people to take their seats. Unlike the pretty women who were flitting around the room, this woman wore a cheap, dowdy dress that only accentuated her heavy, almost masculine features. “Friends, please, sit down, will you? We have one of the most enthralling men in America today who is going to stir you with his knowledge and passion. Come on, take your seats now.”
The crowd was like a pack of wild animals not wanting to be herded. “Come on now!” the woman pleaded. “The revolution can’t start until you take your seats.”
“We’re anarchists, Emma,” a man shouted. “The revolution will start only when we’re good and ready.”
“When you’re good and ready, Mr. Eastman, the revolution will have long passed by.”  The crowd laughed and began filing into the rows of wooden chairs.
“I best get to my seat,” Belle said quickly. “Mick, always a pleasure. And nice meeting you, Mr. Davis.”
“And you too, Miss Greene.” Archie bowed slightly.
Both watched Belle cross the room to join a handsome Negro with a regal bearing. The black man sported a carefully trimmed, salt and pepper beard and mustache, and wore expensive gold-rim glasses. Archie kept his eyes glued to Belle, noticing the Negro’s familiarly with her; how he stepped close until his body touched hers, how he placed his hand on the bare skin of her back and led her to a seat.
The woman at the front of the hall kept urging everyone to find seats. Hearing her speech tinged with a Russian accent, Archie realized that this small, motherly, bespectacled woman they called Emma was, in fact, the most notorious anarchist in America, Emma Goldman. Mick pulled Archie to a seat on the aisle near the back.
“Friends…comrades…” Emma started. “Good to see so many familiar faces here tonight.” A serious expression then spread over her face. “Now we all know the history of human development is the history of the terrible struggle of every new idea heralding the approach of a brighter dawn. In its tenacious hold on tradition, the Old has never hesitated to make use of the foulest and cruelest means to stay the advent of the New, in whatever form or period the latter may have asserted itself.”
Emma quickly enthralled Archie. She was absolutely magnetic. He had never seen a woman so unattractive and yet so self-assured. “Today we have with us a man who is at the vanguard of the New,” Emma said. “He is a champion of working people everywhere. His inspiring words serve as a clarion call to fight the injustice of an unequal society. He is a giant among men and it is my honor to introduce a great friend and comrade, Bill Haywood.”
The crowd rose in unison and broke into shouts and loud applause. Haywood got up from a chair and shambled his large frame to the lectern. He did not wave or smile; he just stoically surveyed the crowd with his one good eye. The other eye was dead – a dull black marble covered with a thick, milky film. Haywood didn’t bother to wear a patch over it; rather, he exposed it for all the world to see, knowing full well it would only add to his image as one tough-as-nails sonuvabitch. Not that he really needed to bolster his reputation: Big Bill Haywood was one tough-as-nails sonuvabitch. Six foot five, two hundred and fifty pounds, forced to work in the Idaho silver mines at age nine just so his family could eat, Bill Haywood grew to become as fierce as a human being could be.  His life was one single-minded furious fight against what he saw as his oppressors. And he backed down from no one. 
Haywood glared at the worshipful crowd. He cared nothing for the adoration. The balm for his soul was his indignant fury. He opened his mouth and began thundering: “Comrades – In the United States 30 million people work for other people. These people produce more wealth in one year than was ever produced in the world’s history. But these workers are becoming thinner, shorter, weaker and have less a lifespan than the American people of fifty years ago.”
For all his explosive passion, Haywood did not impress Archie the way Emma did. She had a quick mind and eloquent tongue. He was a sledgehammer that pounded away. 
“In the United States, 750,000 workers are killed and wounded in the shops and mines and on the railroads every year. The vast majority of the toilers in the United States die premature deaths of diseases caused by overwork, by underfeeding, by dirt in the air, dirt in the drinking water, dirt and poison in the workers’ food.”
Loud applause broke out. Haywood held up his hands for quiet. “Meanwhile… meanwhile the idle rich of the United States waste more wealth than any other idle rich class have wasted in the history of the world. For all their money they produce nothing! Their time is occupied spending the millions others have produced!! The working people are sweating, starving and dying while the great wealth of the United States is being wasted by its idlers!!”
The crowd at the Liberal Club stood and roared its approval. Haywood may not have been the most gifted speaker, but he knew how to breathe fire. Archie squirmed in his seat. What at first seemed like a quaint and curious evening with some eastern radicals was becoming increasingly ugly listening to Haywood’s wrath. 
Haywood pointed a finger out toward the audience. “And for all the traitors here tonight. Yes, we know you are here. You vermin spies, you representatives of the ruling elite who are at every venue I speak, I want you to note down these words: the time will come when the working people will rise up and take what is rightfully theirs. And I promise you will have to answer for all the injustices you and your rotten capitalist system have wrought!”
The crowd leapt up again, hollering and clapping. Archie clenched his jaw; his teeth were grinding and the muscles in his face twitched with tension. Mick leaned over and whispered, “Let’s get out of here.” 
As the crowd’s frenzy grew and Haywood began calling for a new revolution in America, Mick and Archie slipped out the rear door and hurried down the stairs into the foggy night. They walked in silence for a long block until Mick muttered, “I’m sorry, Archie.” 
“Why did you bring me here?!” Archie shot back angrily.
“I wanted you to meet these people. They want to build a better world than what we have now.”
“No. They want to destroy what I…and you…risked our lives for in battle. Did you tip them off I was there?”
“No, that spy talk had nothing to do with you. There are always spies at the meetings. We know they’re there. We don’t fear the government. The government fears us.” Mick paused for a long moment, then said pointedly, “And that’s why you are going to report back everything about this evening to Finch at the Justice Department.”
Archie stopped in his tracks.
“Oh, don’t be so surprised,” Mick continued. “I know you wouldn’t be here if it wasn’t cleared. Of course you’re going to tell your superiors about everything you’ve seen and heard. It’s all part of the game, soldier.”
“And what game is that, Mick? What kind of silly game are you playing?”
Mick leaned close. “It’s not silly at all, Captain. It’s the one for America’s soul.”

Two days later Archie went to the Justice Department and did tell Finch what transpired. He reported that Emma Goldman impressed him. “She is very smart and it’s her brains that make her a leader in that crowd.” He also told Finch that he thought Bill Haywood was a dangerous fanatic. He didn’t tell him about Belle. Nor did he relate Mick’s knowledge that he’d be reporting back to Finch. Archie let it be known that he had no desire to visit that world again. 
Finch didn’t thank Archie. He just said that he would be back in touch soon.


CHAPTER 11

By 1909, J. Pierpont Morgan was officially in retirement. He was seventy-two years old and had turned over all his business concerns, including the chairmanship of J. Pierpont Morgan & Company, to his son Jack. Pierpont Morgan had no official job; he was a retiree whose passion was purchasing art. He had a wife he had hardly seen in years, preferring to spend his time with his long-time mistress, Adelaide Townsend Douglas – a formidable society matron whose attraction lay not in her beauty (she wasn’t very good looking), or her age (she was almost as old as Morgan), but that she was his equal – a mirror with whom he could relax and be himself. 
Despite his formal retirement, Morgan wielded more power than he ever had. Free from the day-to-day activity of running his financial empire, he was holding court (and sway) with Presidents, kings, and power brokers. Now he was playing on the grandest scale he could design for himself, controlling entire industries and influencing policy in order to forge the world into his vision of capitalism and profit, still mostly for himself.
For all his grandness, Morgan continued to be, at heart, a conservative banker. He weighed all his decisions carefully, taking every factor into account and accessing their risks versus potential reward. And he was, above all else, still a magician with numbers.
It was the magician George Vanderbilt and John Astor marveled at as they watched Morgan pour over the plan they had worked on since their summer meeting at Newport. Now they needed partners. They presented their project to Morgan as the most ambitious civic undertaking since the founding of the Republic. 
Outside Morgan’s office an occasional firecracker and shouts of “Happy Halloween” and “Trick or Treat” floated through the chilly New York night. The firecrackers set Astor’s nerves on edge, triggering frightful memories of his New Year’s Eve Ball, even though it was almost two years since that debacle. Astor dug his manicured nails into the heavy armrest of his chair as another small explosion went off outside. He looked down to notice the delicate carvings that crowned the armrests: lions, their manes thick, their gaping mouths frozen in a carved wooden roar. How appropriate for Morgan. He wanted to light a cigarette. But no, now was not a good time. He stroked his mustache to calm himself, glanced to Vanderbilt, who was looking on in wide-eyed wonder at the legend as he worked.
Morgan’s power of concentration was astonishing. He twitched his massive nose and his eyes beamed like twin headlights as they riveted onto the pages that were spread before him. There were graphs and charts, columns for monetary outlays and projected revenues. Morgan worked his own page, scraping his fountain pen against the paper. His penmanship was neat and precise: seventy million for construction, forty-two million for transportation, ninety-seven million for materials. Watching Morgan work numbers was like watching a master alchemist measure out simple elements to transmute into gold. And there was no doubt that, in his way, Morgan was the master alchemist of the age, a modern Midas.
Morgan coughed then lifted his look from the page. “It doesn’t add up, gentlemen,” Morgan spoke bluntly. “Too much capital, too many obstacles, too much risk.”
It was not the answer Astor was hoping to hear. He and Vanderbilt had worked for months on this proposal. It was his grand vision and, after all, he was the Architect of the Future. Astor blinked his soft eyes and croaked, “But…” 
“But…” was never response a good response to J. P. Morgan. “No, Jack, it’s just impractical. First off, you’d have to invest a massive outlay of cash without any guarantee that people would move to these new cities. And why should businesses relocate there? They would have to spend millions to move without any good reason; their workforce is already populated around them. What incentive is there for U.S. Steel to move from Pittsburgh or Ford from Detroit? And you’d have to buy the land, prepare building plans, coordinate the construction, create the infrastructure. It’s a hundred year project. And even if it were successful, there would be no return on investment for at least that long. That’s not even mentioning the government cooperation you would need. No, it’s too big a project to even contemplate. The only thing I can offer is to wish you good luck.”
Morgan hoisted his imposing frame up from the chair when George Vanderbilt’s reedy voice piped up, “You’re wrong, Mr. Morgan.”
Morgan stopped before he was even fully standing. His ears grew red, as if they couldn’t quite believe what they had just heard. “Excuse me, sir?” Morgan said, searing a hard look into Vanderbilt’s delicate face. If nothing else, Vanderbilt had awakened the lion. 
“Forgive my impudence, Mr. Morgan, but I find it hard to believe that a man as distinguished as you would retreat from the greatest challenge he could ever face.”
“What are you talking about, Mr. Vanderbilt? This isn’t a challenge, this is a recipe for disaster. I thought I made that clear.”
Vanderbilt rose to his feet. “With all due respect, let me relate why our plan is so important and why the involvement of J. Pierpont Morgan is essential.” Morgan assented with a slight nod. Vanderbilt began slowly: “We are a decade into the new century, Mr. Morgan, and from what I see, the great days of America are behind her. We are a country being strangled by fear. Where is the boldness of the men who created the railroads? Where is the courage of the visionaries who opened the west? Where is the foresight of the men who built our industries?” 
Vanderbilt paused, seeming to surprise himself with his soaring words. “America must not be allowed to slide into the morass it is heading for. And I’m afraid we can’t trust those in government to stop the slide. Our plan is not just about real estate, it’s a way to ignite the fire of free enterprise again. We businessmen, as caretakers of the American way of life, must take action. We have no choice, sir. We cannot leave it to the politicians in Washington. I believe if your legacy is to survive as one of the most distinguished Americans who has ever lived, you must join us in this enterprise to reenergize our ship of state. It is not a battle the great J. P. Morgan should run from, but rather, should run toward. Thank you, sir.”
Silence, cold and heavy, descended over Morgan’s office. Morgan didn’t move a muscle. His mighty stare stayed fixed on Vanderbilt until, after what seemed like an eternity, he spoke: “All well and good, Mr. Vanderbilt, but no matter how eloquently you might say it, your vision as presented is still mortally flawed.”
Morgan looked at the papers strewn over his desk then peered back at Vanderbilt and Astor. “Now, I will offer you both some basic business advice. The key to success of any venture is adaptability. Your proposal is much too unwieldy, as I have pointed out. Can this problem be rectified? Perhaps, but not if your thinking is rigid. I would look at the goal of your proposed enterprise. Is it for financial gain? Or is it, as you have so grandly stated, to reignite the great engine of American enterprise? Let us assume that it is both. Firstly, building a city from scratch is absolutely impossible. But if you scaled down versions of those centers, then it could be financially feasible to build. But what would be the purpose to create them if not for new development? And how would one make a profit and also serve American industry? It certainly wouldn’t make its money as a major population center. Looking at it logically, the only place where physical location is important to American business is in commerce. So, if you created new centers in desirable locations of commerce, then perhaps you could make a healthy profit and have significant impact on American business. In fact…” Morgan glanced down at the presentation again. His words began to grow spirited, “…in fact, if you could create efficient hubs of commerce throughout strategic locations across the country, you would probably be able to replace the inefficient modes of commerce that have evolved to date with each different industry. You would make inordinate profits and you would also, in essence, be able to improve and grow American business with your efficient system.”
Morgan’s look grew distant and his voice trailed low, as if now talking with himself. “And because you would be regulating a significant portion of the country’s commerce, you would, in essence, be the most powerful force in American business…”  Morgan drifted a moment, trailing into some sort of personal reverie. He caught himself and gazed back to Astor and Vanderbilt. “There you have it, gentlemen, some flights of fancy from an old banker. Again, good luck to you.” He started toward the door and, as he passed them, he lifted his thick arm and gently, paternally, clapped Vanderbilt on the shoulder before leaving the room.
Vanderbilt was stunned. He had never witnessed anything as creatively brilliant as Morgan’s analysis. Not only had he spotted the flaws in their plan, but his astonishingly nimble mind came up with a spontaneous idea that was so visionary in its design and so far reaching in its scope that its brilliance shook Vanderbilt to his core. 
Astor looked more confused than impressed. “What was that about?” he said after Morgan had left the room.
“Jack,” Vanderbilt turned to Astor. “That really was the future.”


CHAPTER 12

Archie stood under the trestles of the Third Avenue El trying to protect himself from the freezing rain. Across the way the old bricks of the Cooper Union building glistened a dull wet red. He watched the herd of New Yorkers bustle home from work with their umbrellas open, looking like a field of black mushrooms scuttling over the sidewalks. Archie didn’t want to be there. He had received a phone call from Mick Shaughnessy three days earlier in his office. He was ready to hang up, the bitter taste from their visit to the Liberal Club lingered with him. But Mick sounded different this time. There was no bravado in his voice. He simply told Archie he needed to see him, that it was important. And then he evoked the one thing Archie could not refuse: “You owe me a beer, Captain.” 
“I never thought you’d call that drink in,” Archie answered.
“There’s a time for everything. Now is that time. I’ll meet you in front of the Cooper Union. Thursday at five.”
Archie knew he had no choice but to go to New York. He had to buy the drink. It was a solemnly promised repayment of a long ago debt.
“One more thing, Captain. Don’t tell Finch this time.”
It was not that Archie wanted to tell Finch anything. He had a deep dislike for the strutting little bantam rooster. But to not tell Finch would be disregarding his duty. For a soldier like Archie, that would be tantamount to treason. “I’ll see you on Thursday, Mick,” Archie said and hung up.

The El train rumbled overhead, shaking the ground and jolting loose a torrent of water that had collected on the tracks. The downpour splotched Archie’s gray suit. He pulled his bowler down then ran toward the Cooper Union to escape the deluge. A man whose face was hidden under the brim of a derby grabbed him in mid-stride.
“Leaving already?” the man asked.
Archie bent to see the man’s face. It was Mick. Like a chameleon, he looked different again. He was not the ragged anarchist Archie encountered in Hell’s Kitchen, nor the romantic poet of Greenwich Village. With his long hair pulled under the derby and wearing a knee-length overcoat, Mick appeared like every other New York businessman on his way home from the office. “You’re looking elegant today, Captain,” Mick said, pointing to the red carnation that poked out from Archie’s lapel. 
“I thought it was right for the occasion,” Archie said.
“Well, I’m thirsty and I know a particularly fine watering hole just around the corner,” Mick answered, taking Archie’s arm. After two steps, Mick stopped cold. His eyes darted to two hulking men standing beside the marble statue of Peter Cooper. The men were copies of each other – each wore long black coats, black vests and western style hats. Their faces were sharp and angular and their ears stuck out like jug handles. Identical handlebar mustaches curled above their lips.
“Captain, I must ask you to leave for the pub alone. I want you to loudly say, ‘Sorry, but you are mistaken, I don’t know you,’ then cross under the tracks to Seventh Avenue until you come to McSorley’s Old Ale House. Go in, tell them you’re my friend and ask to be seated in the back room.”
Archie hesitated, confused by Mick’s strange request. 
“Now, Captain!” Mick snapped.
Archie stepped back and loudly said, “I’m sorry, but you’re are mistaken, sir. I don’t know you.” He tipped his hat, then noticed Mick reach for a small pistol tucked in his belt. Archie turned and walked quickly under the trestles toward the corner of Seventh Street. When he looked back, Mick was sprinting in the opposite direction. Then he saw another figure emerge from the far side of the square and follow Mick into the surrounding narrow streets. The hulking men by the statue didn’t seem to pay Mick any mind at all. One nonchalantly pulled out a pocket-watch to check the time. 

A blast of humidity greeted Archie when he stepped into McSorley’s. The smell of malt and hops and wet wool permeated the old pub. Faces quickly turned to Archie as he entered and just as quickly turned away when they didn’t recognize him. Archie made his way across the sawdust-covered floor. An old man with huge white muttonchops greeted Archie from behind the bar. “What’ll it be?” the old man said in a thick Irish brogue.
“I’m a friend of Mick Shaughnessy and I’d like a seat in the back room,” answered Archie.
The old man looked Archie over. “That’s fine, but what’ll it be?”
“Jim Beam?” 
“This is a corner of Ireland, friend. Bushmills. Jamesons.”
“Either would be fine.” 
The old man nodded and poured a hefty tumbler of golden Irish whiskey then stepped out from behind the bar, indicating Archie should follow. A fire in the wood stove crackled in the dark back room, sending out a weak orange glow. The old man led Archie to a small table near the stove and set the drink down next to a plate of cheese and crackers.
“You say Mick Shaughnessy is a friend of yours?”
“That’s right.” 
“Well, any friend of Mick’s is a friend John McSorley,” the old man said, extending his hand.
“Archie. A pleasure to meet you, sir.” 
“No last name? An Irishman likes to know who he’s talking to,” McSorley persisted. Archie hesitated, took a bite of cheese and didn’t say a word. McSorley got the hint. “If you need a refill, you know where to find me, Archie.” He turned and walked back into the front room.
Archie glanced at an old Claddagh clock that hung over the door. Fifteen minutes ticked by. Then thirty. Archie nursed his whiskey. The Irish crafted theirs dry and smoky. He preferred the full flavor of bourbon – the hint of sweetness that soothed the fire of alcohol. After forty-five minutes, McSorley poked his head in and ambled up to Archie. “How we doin,’ lad? Time for another round?”
Before Archie could answer, McSorley tipped the bottle and began refilling Archie’s glass. A voice crackled across the room. “John, I see you’ve met Captain Butt.” Mick strode in and clapped a friendly hand on McSorley’s shoulder. “Can you get me a Guinness and put it on his tab.”
“Will do, Mick,” McSorley said, stepping away. 
Mick pulled up a chair and sat across from Archie. His manner seemed boldly confident as always, but Archie noticed Mick was breathing quickly and full of nervous energy. “Why am I here?” Archie asked.
“To buy me a drink, Captain. To repay a debt.”
“A drink could never repay that debt, Mick. Just the same, I’d have you know that I do not think these reunions of ours are helping you or me.”
“I can assure you, Captain, after today I will never contact you again. I will disappear from your life. Poof!” Mick snapped his fingers. “However, if you ever have the desire to reach out to me, I will always be there for you.” 
Archie nodded politely. “Are you still married, Mick?” 
The sadness Mick was carrying bubbled to the surface. “You remembered I left the army for a woman. I guess I was exchanging one war for another.”
“A tall draft of Guinness for a good son of Erin,” John McSorley announced, bringing Mick his drink. 
“Thanks, John.” Mick took his mug and raised it. “Here’s to you, Captain, and your honor. A rare thing in this hard world.” Mick drank the bitter black liquid as if it was water. When finished, he slammed the mug down, wiped his lips and turned to McSorley. “How ‘bout another round, John? For both of us.”
“I don’t need another whiskey, Mick, I just got a refill.”
“You can’t be nursing your drink in an Irish bar. It’s against the rules.” Mick turned back to McSorley. “Make it a full round, John.” The old man hustled away. 
“What’s wrong, Mick?” 
“Why do ask that?”
“You bolted from the Cooper Union like a nervous rabbit. You’re carrying a pistol in your waistband and you seem to have it in your mind to get as drunk as you possibly can.”
The quick jolt of alcohol was now hitting Mick. He started muttering, “What’s wrong? The Captain wants to know what’s wrong.” He jerked his head up to meet Archie’s eyes square on. “I’ll tell you what’s wrong, sir. This soldier’s been in the field a little too long and has seen too many disturbing things.”
“War is never pleasant, Mick.”
“I know that. It’s what I didn’t know that has me bothered. Let me ask you, Captain, does a soldier always have to believe in what he’s fighting for?”
“It helps.” 
“Did you believe what we were fighting for in the Philippines?”
“Of course.”
“And what exactly were we were fighting for?” 
“For the United States of America.”
“But for what?” Mick pressed. “What cause?”
“For our country’s cause. A soldier’s only code is to follow the orders given him.”
“But what if those orders are immoral, Captain? Is it still a soldier’s obligation to follow them?”
“That’s a situation I have yet to experience.”
“Perhaps because your eyes have not been open wide enough.”
“Or they’re not as jaded as yours.”
McSorley arrived with the new round of drinks. Mick didn’t gulp this one immediately. Instead he reached across the table and took Archie’s second whiskey – the first glass was still barely touched – and shot back the drink then guzzled his Guinness as a chaser.
“My eyes are not jaded,” Mick said, slurring his words with the infusion of whiskey. “Have you ever heard of Catilina?” 
“The island?”
“The soldier. A courageous soldier. And a traitor. You should brush up on your Cicero, Captain. Roman history has a lot to teach us.” Mick rose on the balls of his feet and leaned his body across the table, drawing within inches of Archie’s face. “It’s all rotten. And do me a favor, report that back to Finch,” Mick said emphatically, wagging his finger in Archie’s face before losing his balance and tumbling onto the table, sending the mugs and drinks crashing to the floor, followed by his own twisting body. Archie leapt to help him.
“Thank you, Captain. But you don’t have to.”
“Perhaps we should get you home, Mick.”
“To Hell’s Kitchen? Amid my people? My people who I’ve let down.”
“You haven’t let anybody down,” Archie said, trying to steady Mick and guide him through the pub.
“That’s not true,” Mick stumbled along. “I’ve let you down, haven’t I, Captain?” Archie didn’t answer. “Com’on, tell me the truth. The brave, honorable soldier, the best damn soldier you ever knew has let you down. And you don’t know the half of it.”
“How much?” Archie called out to McSorley.
“I’ve fallen so much, Captain,” Mick said, thinking Archie’s question was for him.
 McSorley waved Archie off. “On the house. You take care of that man. He’s a good one.”
Archie nodded and led Mick out. The rain had lessened to a drizzle. The streets were slick and glowed brightly from the new electric street lamps. Mick stiffened when the cold mist hit his face. He regained his balance and stepped out of Archie’s hold.
“Thank you for the drink, Captain.” Mick said in a remarkably sober voice, “Consider the debt repaid. And so I bid you goodnight.” He stepped away, swiveled in a military about-face, and kept on swiveling like a top until his feet flew from under him and he crashed to the wet sidewalk. 
Archie rushed to him again. “I’m taking you home, Mick.”
“There’s much peril that lurks in this jungle, Captain,” Mick whispered with a drunken flair.
“We’ve met peril in a jungle before. We’re soldiers. No need to be afraid of a little danger.”
Mick knew Archie was humoring him. “This is real. I’m not joking. Leave me be. It’s best for us both.”
“I’m taking you home,” Archie insisted. “And that’s an order from your superior officer. I’ll get a cab.”
“No cab,” Mick quickly said. “A cab is too easily followed.”
Archie looked up and down the narrow street. The only thing he could see was a couple of rats scampering up the side of a tenement building.
“There’s no one around, Mick. It’s safe.”
“Underground. More secure. There’s a station nearby. Let us reconnoiter,” Mick said, dashing off as if on night patrol in a war zone. Archie had to race after him. Mick scampered along the sidewalks, staying as close to the walls as possible. 
“They’re on our trail,” Mick whispered, edging through the dark shadows of the night.
“No, Mick. We’ve eluded them.”
“Behind us. I feel them close.” Mick took off across a large square, crouching low until he disappeared into the Astor Place subway entrance. Archie followed and found Mick at the top of the station’s stairwell. “Captain, I want you to go in there and purchase two tickets then look for me at the turnstile.” 
“Two tickets to where?”
“It’s a subway. You get off anywhere you want. That’s its beauty.”
Archie descended the stairs in the station. He had never been in a subway station before. It was warm, far warmer than the street above, with sweet and sour smells permeating the humid air. It reminded him of a Filipino jungle. He noticed an odd ceramic plaque over the ticket kiosk with a beaver on it. Archie paid ten cents for the two tickets and went to the turnstile looking for Mick. There was no sign of him. Archie grew concerned, then angry with himself for letting Mick out of his sight. He gazed over the station, scanning the stew of New Yorkers who were waiting for the train to arrive. Finally, he spotted Mick amid the crowd of people on the platform, smiling and waving for Archie to join him. Archie rushed through the turnstile. 
“What took you so long?” Mick said, grabbing Archie by the arm as the train doors opened. The railcar was crowded. Archie felt uncomfortable pushing through the crush of strangers. Without a wife or family, the closest human touch he shared with people was a polite handshake. Now he was pressed by flesh all around. The train started and Archie reached for a hand loop. A small, pretty young woman in a dark cotton dress fell back into him, pushing her hipbone into his side. As the train bumped and swayed, she jostled into him. Archie could focus on nothing else but the softness of her body and the subtle perfume of her skin. “We have to get off at the next station, Captain,” Mick said urgently. Archie followed Mick’s gaze to the far end of the car where the identical twins who spooked Mick outside the Cooper Union pushed toward them. 
“Let’s go,” Mick said tightly, tugging Archie through the crowd to the end of the car. The two men slipped forward, careful not to draw attention to themselves. Mick put one hand on the gun in his waistband and with the other hand he jerked the handle on the train car door. The door flung open. “This way, Captain,” Mick said, and pulled Archie onto the small open platform between the cars. Archie felt a cool blast of air on his face and noticed an odd play of light and shadows on the tunnel walls; he smelled a faint mix of burnt oil and electricity; he heard the incessant roar of steel wheels on the steel rails. Then a bright light appeared before them. They were coming to the station.
Mick jerked Archie into the next car as the train slowed. Archie looked back to see the two hulking twins standing amid the subway car crowd. They seemed to be biding time without a care in the world. Archie wondered if he wasn’t falling into Mick’s strange paranoid delusion that had nothing to do with reality.
The train pulled to a stop. Mick pushed his way onto the station platform with Archie in tow. The two quickly made their way through the dense crowd when Mick stopped short: the hulking men were flanking the exit like twin colossus. One was cleaning his nails with a pocketknife, the other was smoothing his mustache. The crowd was thinning, exiting past the men. 
“Down there,” Mick said, pointing to the tracks.
“But…” Archie answered as Mick jumped off the concrete embankment and onto the tracks.
“Come on, Captain,” Mick beckoned. “They’ll see you soon.”
Archie looked back. The crowd was thinning. Yes, they would see him soon. But what did it matter? Were they really after Mick?
“Jump, Captain, jump!” Mick implored.
Archie stepped off the platform, falling a good five feet before tumbling to his knees beside the tracks. Mick snatched him up.
 “Now follow me,” Mick whispered, edging against the concrete wall. He was heading into the darkness of the subway tunnel. “It’s the only safe way out.”
Safe?! Archie thought. 
Mick had already separated himself from Archie and was heading into the blackness of the tunnel. Right before he disappeared he looked back and beckoned Archie once more. Archie paused. He wanted to peek up, wanted to see if the twins were still hovering by the exit.
“Gotta go, Captain,” Mick said and stepped into the abyss of the tunnel’s opening. Archie wavered, thinking it was absolute madness to follow Mick. Then, as Mick disappeared into the blackness, Archie took off after him.
They entered into a strange underworld. With the total absence of light, instincts that were long dormant emerged. Archie’s hearing grew keen, as did his sense of smell. What he was most aware of was an odd, electric snap in the air. 
“Do you know where we’re going, Mick?”
“Absolutely, Captain. I believe this leads straight to Hell,” Mick replied, then gave a little chuckle. 
He’s still drunk, Archie thought.
They walked a few more steps before Mick stopped. “Ssshhhh.” An odd rumbling distantly echoed and was heading their way.
“Hold out your hand,” Mick whispered. “Here.” 
Archie felt hard metal pressed into his palm. He knew exactly what it was. “I don’t want to take your pistol, Mick.” 
“It’s your pistol now, Captain. I have another.”
Archie wrapped his hand around the gun handle. It felt comfortable. He was an expert marksman, after all. Though his bullets were always aimed at clay pigeons, never at another human being.
The rumbling grew closer. The ground began to shake. Slightly at first, but within seconds it turned into a full-fledged quake. The tracks were vibrating and then the deepest darkness turned to mid-day in an instant. Illuminating the tunnel was the headlight of a thundering train that was barreling toward them. Mick yelled something, but the deafening roar in the tunnel swallowed his words. The train was on them like a charging dragon. Mick threw his arms around Archie then pressed himself and Archie against the cold wall of the tunnel as the shrieking train blasted by, inches from them. Their bodies shook and they could feel the searing friction of the wheels on the tracks.
Then it passed. As quickly as it came on them, the last car roared by and the train disappeared through the tunnel, leaving them in darkness again. They stayed glued against the wall, clinging to each other and not saying a word until Archie finally muttered, “Looks like I owe you another drink, Mick.”
“Then let’s get the hell out of here and find a pub,” Mick quickly shot back. 
A new light appeared in the distance. It was not the harsh, dazzling light of an oncoming train, but rather, a dim, diffuse light. They could make out something painted on the side of the tunnel: 18th Street Station. They both let out a relieved laugh. Their pace quickened. “We’re almost there,” Archie blurted happily and heard his voice bounce off the tunnel walls. But he heard something else. Other voices. Then, emerging through the light, came two hulking figures in silhouette. 
“They’re here,” one of the silhouettes said. 
“Back to the darkness, Captain,” Mick whispered. As they turned to retreat, the gravel grated under their feet. In the quiet of the tunnel, it was all that was needed to give them away.
 “Run,” Mick said and they sprinted back into the darkness. They could hear their pursuers gain on them. Engulfed in the blackness, Mick pulled Archie against the tunnel wall.
“Let them pass,” Mick murmured. They stilled and heard the footsteps of their pursuers pass close, so close they could have reached out and touched them. But the blackness was complete. 
“You hear them?” one of the hulking men said. An unsettling silence fell over the tunnel before the second man spoke: “Yeah. Breathing.”
“Where?” 
“Close. Real close.” The man suddenly fired his pistol twice. Bullets whistled wildly through the tunnel, ricocheting off the walls and sending chunks of concrete exploding into the air. The blasts spit fire from the barrel of the pistol, flaring the tunnel with bright sparks of orange light that lasted just an instant – long enough for the men to catch a glimpse of Mick and Archie.
“There!” one twin yelled. Mick pushed Archie down to the ground and blasted a shot in the direction of the twins. In the flashes of gunfire, everyone moved herky-jerky, just like in the flickers. Mick appeared to be dancing between the blasts, zigging this way and that, jittering toward the men, daring them to shoot him. They couldn’t and grew frustrated, unable to hit the teasing target. Then Mick pulled his trigger. “I’m hit,” one of the men shrieked. His gun clanged down against a steel rail. His brother shot in Mick’s direction. The quick flash of light revealed one twin clutching his shoulder, a stream of blood oozing through his fingers. It also revealed how close Mick was. The second twin raised his gun and fired. The gunshot echoed off the walls. The tunnel lit up for a millisecond, illuminating Mick launching himself in a flying tackle toward the twins. One twin tried to fire but Mick was already on him. Both went crashing to the gravel. Through the blackness came the grunts and groans of Mick wrestling with the hulking man.
A breeze blew lightly through the tunnel. The darkness began to lift as if a dawn was approaching. And then the beam of a powerful headlamp at the front of a train rumbled toward the two men brawling on the tracks. Mick was under the weight of the huge man, who was pummeling his face. Mick’s head was swinging from side to side with every blow. His eyes rolled back; his body went limp. 
The second twin looked across the tracks to Archie. “Get out of here,” he yelled. “We’re not after…” The din of the train drowned out his voice. Mick lay unconscious, his arms twisted unnaturally like a rag doll. 
In the front car, the train’s engineer spotted Mick on the tracks. Horrified, he lunged for the brake. There was a high-pitched shriek of metal. Sparks flamed from the super-heated wheels. The train shuttered forward toward Mick’s senseless body. Just as he was about to disappear under the deadly wheels, Mick’s right arm crept out and grabbed his attacker by the ankle. A bloodcurdling scream sickeningly harmonized with the ear-shattering screech of the train.
Smoke rose from under the engine. Crewmembers leapt from their cars and rushed to pull the mangled body out from under the train’s wheels. “No, no, my god, no!” the second twin started wailing. Amid the chaos in the tunnel, Archie saw Mick roll away from the tracks and stagger to his feet. Archie ran up to him and wrapped his arm around Mick, trying to hold him up. Mick pushed Archie away. “I’m fine, Captain,” Mick said, clutching his left side. “Now let’s clear the hell out.”
People were pouring into the tunnel to provide help. It was mass confusion, which allowed Mick and Archie to walk unnoticed to the next station. “You’re wounded,” Archie said, seeing the side of Mick’s shirt drenched in blood. 
“Just a flesh wound,” Mick grunted. And to show that he wasn’t hurt badly, he hoisted himself onto the platform in one swift motion. Archie followed and they made their way up the stairs into the cold, damp night.

The sidewalks were empty and slick, though the rain had stopped. “Who were they, Mick?” Archie asked. 
“I don’t know,” Mick answered softly.”
“And you don’t know why they were after you?” 
“I believe I do know,” Mick turned to Archie. His lips were swollen and blood was dripping from inside his mouth. “But I don’t think it’s a good idea to share that information with you. It’s better you not get involved. You were right all along. I’m sorry I got back in touch with you.”
“They were trying to kill you.”
“It seems that way.”
“I can do something about it.”
Mick stopped and placed his hand on Archie’s shoulder. “You’ve done more than I can ever repay. You have no idea the good you’ve brought me. I ask nothing more now than your eternal friendship.”
“You’ve always had that.”
Mick leaned forward and touched Archie’s shoulder. “I know,” Mick whispered.

They walked the rest of the way to Hells Kitchen in silence, not saying a word until they came to the back entrance of Mick’s tenement basement room. “It’s time for me to disappear again, Captain.”
“No, Mick…”
“It will be a lot safer for both of us. Just remember me as a soldier who always tried to do his duty for what he believed was right.”
“I would prefer to remember you as a soldier who did what he was ordered to do by his superior officer.”
Mick laughed. “Nice try, but I left the army years ago. You are no longer my superior officer.”
“I will always be your superior officer,” Archie said smiling. “And you will always be the best soldier I’ve ever commanded.”
Mick stood back and saluted Archie. “Thank you, sir. That means a lot to me.” Mick turned on his heels and disappeared into the basement. Archie stood for a moment, watching his frosted breath dance in the chill night. When he headed back toward the street he passed the basement window and peered in. Mick was barely visible in the dim light. He was sitting with both of his elbows propped on his desk, his chin atop his folded hands. He appeared to be in some sort of deep, meditative trance. Archie flinched as a flash of fire sparked; Mick had struck a match to light the desk’s gas lamp. His face gleamed in the orange glow of the match. He leaned forward, moving the match toward the wick, then paused for an instant and swiveled his head toward the window, seeming to sense someone peering in. It was in that instant that Archie smelled an odd, sweet odor leaking from the closed window.
“Mick!” he tried calling, but before the single syllable could emerge, a fireball ignited and instantaneously mushroomed into a tremendous explosion, engulfing Mick. Archie hurled his hands in front of his face, protecting himself from the flying glass. The concussive force threw Archie backwards. The basement was in flames. Fire danced on the wood beams that had crashed to the floor. Archie went to the entrance door that had blown out. He tried to enter the basement, but was repelled by the searing heat that radiated from inside. 
He watched helplessly as the flames grew. Panicked cries arose from the upstairs floors and, amid the screams and shouts, Archie watched the tenants fight their way to the fire escape. Then, to his utter amazement, he saw Mick walking through the flames. This is a miracle. It appeared as though the explosion had not even touched Mick; he was striding easily over the white-hot debris. Archie tried to rush in, but was again repelled by the searing heat. He waited as Mick made his way out. For an instant, in the red glow of the firelight, Mick was the handsome young soldier Archie had always known. But as he grew close, Archie could see that Mick’s face was seared and blackened to his skull. One arm was hanging half off his torso and his chest cavity was open, exposing splintered ribs and burnt lungs. 
Archie rushed forward, ignoring the heat and gathered Mick in his arms. Mick looked at him with the one eye that remained in its socket and flapped his jaw, trying to say something. But the only sound that emerged was a labored moan. A half formed word rose from his throat: “SSSSuuuuu…. ssssuuu…”
“Don’t strain yourself,” Archie said.
Mick grunted, frantically trying to communicate one last thing. “Mmaaaa…”
“Shhh...save your energy.”
Mick shook, almost angry. His one grisly eye locked onto Archie’s face. A desolate rasp emerged from somewhere deep inside him. “…Mmm….aaa…nnnn….”
“Man?  Mann?” Archie tried to make sense of what Mick was saying. “Sue Mann?  Someone’s name, Mick?”
His remaining hand squeezed Archie’s arm. An affirmation?  Or just a desperate attempt to hold onto life as long as possible? 
“Ooo…” Mick cried, then shuttered.  His hand went limp, followed by his entire body. The life had left it. Archie hoisted Mick out to the alley, where the distraught people from the tenement were now gathering. Archie had to leave. It was not the place the Military Aide to the President should be. He gently stretched Mick in the only dry spot of the muddy alley. “May I face my own death as you faced your life, soldier. It was an honor to know you.” Archie tenderly touched Mick’s blackened cheek then ran into the night.


CHAPTER 13

On Tuesday, January 6, 1910, a new company filed incorporation papers with the New York Franchise Tax Board. The company was to be known as The American Land Trust Corporation. Its primary business was real estate and development. Its principal owners were recorded as John Jacob Astor IV, developer, age 45, and George Washington Vanderbilt, businessman, age 47. 
During that January, Vanderbilt and Astor frequented every fashionable locale around New York City, formulating their new project. They made an odd duo: Vanderbilt, the literate, aristocratic, cultured builder of palaces; Astor, the quirky, clumsy, socially inept builder of hotels. They were seen together so much that society tongues began to wag. Rumors circulated that they were joining forces to build a hotel to rival the Taj Mahal in opulence. It would be called “Astorbilt.”
The rumors were wrong, of course. At Sherry’s, over champagne cocktails and Bluepoint oysters, the two men discussed what it would take in men and materials to build the commerce centers. At Belmont Park, between the 3rd and 4th race, they pondered how best to raise the vast capital needed for the whole venture. In Astor’s private box at the Metropolitan Opera House during a particularly uninspired performance of Wagner’s Siegfried, they spread a map of the United States over their laps and pinpointed areas where their centers would strategically monopolize commerce. With every new idea, their passion for the project grew. Neither man had been this excited about anything in decades. There was little disagreement between the two except when it came to one subject: Morgan.
Astor wanted to go back to Morgan once they had finished formulating the project. Both knew that Morgan was the only person in the world who wielded enough power and influence to raise the vast finances for such an enormous undertaking. They constantly argued about the timing to reapproach him. 
“Why should we even waste our time and energy if Morgan isn’t interested?” Astor asked over steaks in a private booth at Delmonico’s.
“Because, Jack, the only way to assure that Morgan would be interested is to make the odds of success so overwhelming that it would be impossible for him to say no,” countered Vanderbilt.
“But the odds of success are overwhelming,” argued Astor, raising his voice. “Besides, it was his idea in the first place. Why would he say no to his idea?”
“Because he’s J. P. Morgan!” Vanderbilt answered, now raising his own voice. “And he’d say no to Jesus Christ if he wasn’t assured about gaining favorable odds to enter heaven.”
“Strike when the irons are hot, George!”
“Get everything into place, Jack!!”
“Everything is in place, George!!!”
“Nothing is in place, Jack!!!! Do we have the land? Do we have the building plans? Who is going to design the centers? Who is going to build them? Do we have a team? Personally, I think we need a whole lot of help if we’re going to turn this into reality.”
“We can’t have any Tom, Dick or Harry involved in this project,” Astor stated.
“Who said anything about Tom, Dick or Harry? We need to join with people who are as successful as we are. Builders, industrialists, financiers, visionaries.”
“Too many cooks spoil the soup.” 
 “We’ll be selective,” Vanderbilt said, trying to reassure Astor. “But we need people who can accomplish great things and who understand what’s at stake. And we need people who will impress Morgan.”
“Like who? John Rockefeller?”
“Why not? We could start there,” Vanderbilt said.
“But Rockefeller is a mean, dried up prune who would cut both our throats to take over once he understood how great our concept is.”
Vanderbilt smiled. “I take it you don’t trust Rockefeller. Neither do I. So we don’t go to Rockefeller.”
“Andrew Mellon?” Astor asked.
“Mmmm…” Vanderbilt contemplated. “A little stodgy for my tastes. But rich as the devil. Maybe.”
With that, the two began throwing out the names of the richest men alive.
“Carnegie,” Vanderbilt suggested. 
“A midget Scotsman who has suddenly gained a social conscience,” Astor sniffed.
“So we present it to him as a benevolent gift to mankind. I think he’d be perfect to approach. Besides, he’s looking for places for his money.” 
It became a game. Vanderbilt would mention a name and Astor would chime in with some malicious gossip about the person. Or Astor would bring up someone and Vanderbilt would dryly utter a pithy observation. They left Delmonico’s and got into Astor’s limousine, still tossing names between them.
“How do you feel about the Guggenheims?” Vanderbilt asked.
“Jews…I try to avoid dealing with Jews. You know how they are,” Astor said tightly.
“But the Guggenheims have the copper market cornered and we will need copper.”
Astor shrugged. “What about steel?”
“Morgan,” Vanderbilt stated quickly. “If he comes onboard, he’d want to handle the steel. But we’ll need railroad lines built to all the centers. The Harrimans?”
“I heard they had a falling out with Morgan. What about Charlie Hays?”
“Hays, I like,” Vanderbilt said. “He gets things done.”
By the time they reached Vanderbilt’s 53rd Street townhouse they had written down the names of 67 of the richest and most powerful men alive on a single sheet of paper and divided them into two columns. In one column were the people to be approached and in the other, those to stay away from.

Over the course of the next month the odd pair began to develop a working rhythm. Their time together would stretch out from late morning to late evening. And while they continued to frequent the exclusive restaurants and private society clubs, the real nuts and bolts of the project began to take shape in Astor’s home office. 
Astor would place himself at his drafting board while Vanderbilt would pace behind him, smoking cigarette after cigarette while offering opinions. After settling on twenty-seven strategic areas around the United States, they began to lay out the physical logistics of the centers. It was here, in Astor’s small private sanctuary, that Vanderbilt saw what hardly anyone else saw in John Astor: his genius.
For all his social awkwardness, in private, at his drafting table, John Astor was a maestro. He was a picture of relaxed confidence, often humming a tune while precisely lining up his working instruments – pencils, t-square, ruler, drafting compass – and laying them out within easy reach. Before Astor plunged into the work he would always twitch his mustache, breath out a single deep sigh, then roll his eyes back in his head, as if falling into a trance. He would then bore a look down to the thin drafting paper, not raising his gaze until he had finished the design that seemed to spring completely formed from his mind’s eye onto the paper.
The basic design Astor laid out in wood croquet balls nearly six months earlier was transformed into a fully realized vision of the commerce centers. “I think that’s it,” Astor plainly said after a long session at the drafting table. “I think it’s pretty much done.” Vanderbilt walked behind Astor and peered over his shoulder. What John Astor produced was a thing of beauty – a carefully balanced design of geometric perfection that laid out a grid of warehouses and transport systems, docking depots and shipping lanes, all revolving around a large centralized station that coordinated the workings. No detail was left out. 
Astor took a new, sharp pencil and wrote at the top of the page: Designers: John Jacob Astor IV, George Washington Vanderbilt II. Project name: Astor thought for a moment. “What do we call this, George?” 
“I don’t know,” Vanderbilt said. “Just write something simple and we’ll come up with a great name later.”
“But what?” Astor said, frustrated that his engineer’s mind, which could magically create the most complex of designs, couldn’t come up with a suitable name. 
“Anything,” Vanderbilt said. “Just write what it is”
So Astor simply scribbled across the top of the page: The Plan. 


CHAPTER 14

Director Stanley Finch glanced up from Archie’s report and began tapping his fingers on the polished desktop. Rat-a-tat…rat-a-tat…rat-a-tat. “Why do you believe Mick Shaughnessy was murdered, Captain?” Finch asked, then ignited a match with a flick of his thumbnail and lit his cigar. “Well?” 
“If you’re asking for a motive, Mr. Finch, I have no idea. All I can tell you is that Mick indicated that his life was in danger and then we were pursued by two men in the subway.”
“I have a report from the New York Police Department saying that the man who was killed by the subway train was a vagrant who made his home in the tunnel.”
“There were two men,” Archie replied. “And I do not believe they were vagrants.”
“How do you know that?”
“They didn’t look like vagrants. They were neatly dressed.”
“A vagrant can’t be fastidious about his appearance?” 
“They were following us. I’m just telling you what happened. Quite honestly, I never wanted be drawn into this dirty business of yours. I never wanted to spy on a man I loved and I feel used by you and saddened by the events I have witnessed.”
“Thank you for sharing those heartfelt emotions, Captain. I’m sorry a man of your sensitive nature had to suffer so much in the service of his country,” Finch said dryly.
“It’s not that and you know it,” Archie shot back. 
Finch seemed to enjoy Archie’s flash of anger. “You’ll be happy to know, as Mr. Shaughnessy has met his maker, your services will no longer be needed,” Finch said. “May I remind you of the highly confidential nature of this mission and I request that you look upon it as you do a dream – something that evaporates from your memory until you have no recollection that it ever happened.”
“It’s a nightmare I wish I never had.”
“Then poof…” Finch blew a cloud of cigar smoke into the air and waved his bony hand through it…“it’s gone.” He then offered the hand to Archie, who shook it perfunctorily. “It was a murder, Mr. Finch. It’s something you should investigate.” 
“It’s Director Finch, Captain. Goodbye.” 

* * *

Belle da Costa Greene surveyed the landscape that sped by her train window.  The soggy farmland stood wet and naked, plowed into a thousand glistening brown rows. Wheezing with the rhythm of the train’s wheels was the accordion snore of J. Pierpont Morgan. Asleep, the fierce lion retreated and looked all of his seventy-two years. 
Their train was en-route to Washington D.C., where Morgan had arranged a meeting with Taft. The President wanted to keep the visit as quiet as possible. So when Morgan and Belle Greene arrived at the White House, they were ushered into the back door and through the West Wing until they reached the new Presidential office – a startling oval room with vivid olive green wallpaper and matching green carpet. Taft, with Archie by his side, greeted them politely. “Mr. Morgan, so good of you to visit me here.”
“Mr. President, always a pleasure,” Morgan said, shaking Taft’s hand.
“How do you like my new office?” Taft swept his arm out. “It’s the most goddamn strange design if you ask me. It was Theodore’s idea. I’m a logical sort of man. I like straight lines. There’s nothing straight about this room.”
“It’s interesting, Mr. President,” Morgan said, eyeing the continuous curve of the office.
“The architect tells me it’s based on a classical Greek design. All the same, I’m a little uncomfortable in it.” Taft shook his head then turned to Belle. “Miss Greene, it is once again a delight to see you.”
“As it is seeing you, Mr. President.”
“Knowing you were coming, Miss Greene, I arranged a special tour of the White House’s art. Our curator knows just about everything that ever happened within these walls. I think you’ll be delighted by it.”
“Oh, I was actually looking to get out for some fresh air while you and Mr. Morgan talked,” Belle demurely said. “Perhaps stroll the Mall.”
“Whatever you wish,” Taft said. “But our curator couldn’t help you with that tour.”
Belle turned to Archie. “Perhaps Captain Butt could accompany me? I’m sure he’d make an excellent guide.” 
Archie looked flustered, uncomfortable under Belle’s direct gaze. Taft chuckled. “I’d say it’s your lucky day, Archie, to be asked to escort the beautiful Miss Greene.”
“I suppose it is,” Archie muttered, and then turned to Belle. “It would be a pleasure to accompany you, Miss Greene, though I’m not sure I’d be the most interesting person that might escort you this morning.”
“I have no doubt you’ll rise to the occasion, Captain,” Belle said with a coy smile.

 A wet spring made the Washington Mall treacherous to negotiate. The trails were covered with pond-sized puddles and the thicket of trees were shaggy and overgrown, giving it the feel of a cold, dark swamp in the middle of the capitol. “Where is the Washington Monument,” Belle said. “I can’t see it through the branches.”
While looking up Belle stepped in a puddle of thick muck and swore under her breath. Archie took off his long coat and laid it over the mud puddle. “That’s really not necessary, Captain. Nobody does things like that anymore.”
“I’m not nobody, Miss Greene. Besides, we have excellent laundry service at the White House. This is no inconvenience at all.” Archie held out his hand like a chivalrous knight and escorted Belle over the mud. 
“The mall’s an interesting place,” Archie said, picking up his wet coat. “Over 50,000 Union troops trained here during the Civil War. The General in charge kept putting them through maneuvers but never wanted to take them to battle. If Lincoln didn’t fire that do-nothing General, the South would probably have won the war.”
“As a son of the South, would you have preferred that?”
“Many wonderful things were destroyed with the defeat of the Confederacy. My father fought for the South. And so did my uncles and cousins. Many honorable men sacrificed their lives for a cause they believed in.”
“Slavery?” Belle asked. 
“No,” Archie answered. “For a way of life. Of course slavery was wrong. The war wasn’t necessary though. Slavery would have died a natural death.”
“Really? In fifty years? A hundred? We could be living with slavery today.” 
“I don’t think so.” 
“Don’t be so sure, Captain. A Negro man is lynched today if he so much as holds the hand of a white woman? Do you think that’s right?” 
Archie hesitated. Belle’s words carried him back to the Liberal Club and the handsome black man who was with Belle that evening. His mind replayed the sight of the Negro placing his palm on the bare skin of her back. 
“Captain?”
Archie snapped to the present. “Yes…” he said, then began to carefully choose his words: “No one should ever be lynched, but it’s a delicate issue. I have seen the races attempt to mix and it never struck me as practical. Does the lion mix with the tiger? Or the red ant with the black? I am not saying one race is inferior or the other superior. What I am saying is God created us differently and it is my belief that we should honor God’s plan.” Archie turned away. Talk of this sort made him uncomfortable and so he changed the subject. “The forest service has great ambitions for this area. They want to clear all these trees and buildings. At the end of the mall near the Potomac they are planning to build a monument to Lincoln.”
“And what’s your opinion of honoring the President who ruined your beloved southern way of life?” 
“Lincoln was a fine Republican,” Archie said, “And so am I.”
They walked a little more in silence, Belle still holding Archie’s arm.
“Now may I now ask you something, Miss Greene?”
“Anything you wish, Captain,” Belle said. “Of course, I reserve the right not to answer.”
“What were you doing at that meeting in Greenwich Village?”
“I was invited.” 
“You seemed very comfortable with those people.” 
“I’m comfortable in many different places, Captain. It’s a talent that serves a woman well.”
“You knew Mick Shaughnessy?” 
“Obviously I did,” Belle answered, growing agitated with Archie’s line of questioning.
“What was your relationship with him?” 
Belle removed her hand from Archie’s arm. “That’s really none of your business, Captain,” she said sharply. “I would never have thought a man of your refined Southern manners would have broached such a question.”
“I’m sorry, I just…I don’t know why I asked that,” Archie stuttered. “It just came out, forgive me.”
“Well, Captain Butt, I was not his lover if that’s what you wanted to know. Mick Shaughnessy was married. Did I find him an attractive man? Of course, most women did. We were friends. I have many friends.”
“I just assumed that was not your crowd, Miss Greene. You are far too cultured to be keeping company with such rabble.”
“You shouldn’t be assuming anything about me, Captain,” Belle said firmly. “The fact that I work for Mr. Morgan and that I have some knowledge of the arts is only the tip of the iceberg as to who I am.” Belle smiled and took Archie’s arm again. “Don’t you know, that to unveil the mystery of a woman you must do it slowly and artfully.” 
“If I’ve offended you in any way, Miss Greene, please forgive…”
“Shhhh…” Belle said, placing her index finger to his lips, stopping him in mid-mea-culpa. “Archie, sometimes an apology is not what a woman needs.”
“What you need, Miss Greene, is a little confusing to me at the moment.”
 “Good!” Belle laughed. “Confusion is not a bad thing, Archie…as long as a man knows how to untangle it.”
 “I will take that into account,” Archie replied, looking completely disconcerted. “Now, perhaps we should return to the White House.”

Sitting across from each other, William Howard Taft and J. Pierpont Morgan looked like two unwieldy mastodons, their flesh so profuse that even their massive chairs could hardly contain their outsized bodies. Their odd, animal appearance was accentuated by the long cigars each man had poking from his mouth. Both men had alert eyes with which they scrutinized each other, noting every blink and tic, trying to decipher the concealed truth behind their careful words.
“Mr. President,” Morgan began. “I would like to thank you for allowing me to visit you this morning. As you know, I am an ardent supporter of you and your policies. Since you took office, it’s comforting to know that the country is in the able hands of a calm, judicious conservative.”
“I appreciate your kind words and confidence, Mr. Morgan.”
 “Thank you, Mr. President.” 
“Now I suppose you’re going to bring up the idea of a central federal bank again. And let me tell you straight off, I agree with you, it would be a prudent initiative to undertake. However, the political winds are not currently blowing in that direction.” 
“I understand that, Mr. President, and it is most unfortunate. However, that was not the primary reason for requesting this meeting.”
“No?”
“Not this time.” Morgan drew on his cigar and exhaled the stream of smoke. “Mr. President, I must be frank. There is stagnation in the business community. It is quite serious. In part, it has to do with the unions and radicals that are trying to tear down the profit initiative of our most productive industries. And, in part…” Morgan cleared his throat and bore his fierce eyes right at Taft, “it comes from the lack of clear direction from government.” Morgan leaned back and drew on his cigar again. He was directly criticizing the President’s administration and he wanted to judge Taft’s reaction. Taft didn’t give him much of one; he was a better poker player than Morgan believed. “Go on, Mr. Morgan,” Taft said, flicking the ash from his cigar. 
“Mr. President, as a representative of the business community, we need a signal from this administration that it is behind business.”
“The Republican Party has always been the party of business, Mr. Morgan.”
“Yes, it has. But recently the government has been giving contradictory messages. On one hand it says it encourages free capitalism, on the other hand it ties the capitalists’ hands with rules and regulations. It was only three years ago that the United States teetered on economic chaos. Without the diligent intervention of the business community, the entire financial system of our country would have collapsed. And yet, the business community has not been appreciated for the sacrifice and patriotism it exhibited.”
“Don’t you think it’s a little audacious to have appointed yourself spokesman for the entire American business community?” Taft said, trying to bring down Morgan a notch.  
“Considering my service to the business community and to this country, no, I do not think it is audacious. In fact, I think it is quite appropriate,” Morgan parried, showing Taft where the real power resided. “Perhaps we should get back to the subject at hand.”
“All right then, Mr. Morgan,’ Taft said, trying to hold his ground. “How do you believe the business community would like to be appreciated?”
“Unshackle us, sir. Let business do what it does best. Create jobs. Grow the economy. Do not hinder companies whose main goals are to expand the great wealth of the nation.”
Taft began chuckling. “You want me to undo the anti-trust laws? You know that’s quite impossible.”
“Yes, I know it’s impossible. I’m not asking that. What I do ask is to apply anti-trust when there is an egregious breach of the law. Otherwise, unleash business, unleash the power of the American capitalist and you and the country will benefit.”
“I wish no personal gain in this, Mr. Morgan.”
“May I be blunt, Mr. President, as that is my reputation. You need to be reelected. America needs you to be reelected. I want you reelected. But unless you exhibit real leadership and make our economy vibrant again, you will not be reelected. I want your legacy to be as a President of prosperity. You have the possibility of being greater than Theodore Roosevelt who, I dare say, history will judge as a reckless interloper who tried to stifle business.”
Taft got up from his chair, chewing on Morgan’s words. He began circling his new office, his hands clasped behind his back, deep in thought. “While your arguments sound convincing, Mr. Morgan, I suspect you have some self interest at heart. A new project, perhaps? Maybe one that walks the delicate line of legality?”
“At the moment, no. There are several promising projects that have been brought to me that I believe would bring great economic boon to the country. And they would ultimately need the cooperation of the government.”
“I cannot promise government support on a business venture that would be illegal,” Taft said emphatically.
“I would never do anything to circumvent any laws of our land,” Morgan replied. “But you are a former judge and you know the law is as much about interpretation as it is application.”
“Astute observation, sir. So I ask again: what is it you want from me?”
Morgan measured his words carefully. “I want assurance that any business venture I undertake would not be unnecessarily persecuted by some showboating government attorney who wishes to make a name for himself.”
“It is not the job of the Executive branch to interfere with the judicial wing of the government. You know that, Mr. Morgan.”
“I would never request interference, Mr. President, but I also know that the Executive Branch, through the Justice Department, holds sway over the bringing of federal lawsuits.”
“What I can assure you, Mr. Morgan, is that within my administration the rule of law will be applied fairly. I can also assure you that as long as there is a Republican majority in the government, frivolous federal lawsuits that might hamper business will not come to pass. But that’s all I can promise you.”
Morgan nodded. “In that case, Mr. President, what can I do to help ensure a Republican victory in November?”
“I’m meeting you today within my capacity as President of the United States and, while it is probably legal, I believe it would be unethical for me to discuss any contribution, financial or otherwise, that you might wish to make to the Republican Party.”
“Of course,” Morgan grinned. “Is there anyone who I might speak with about that matter?”
“I do have a new secretary. Mr. Charles Norton. It would probably make his day to have a chat with the great Pierpont Morgan.
“And you’ve made my day, Mr. President,” Morgan said, pushing himself out of the chair. “I shan’t keep you from your busy schedule. I appreciate you extending your valuable time to me.” 
The President and the tycoon pressed their fleshy hands together in a handshake. As he felt Morgan’s grip in his, Taft thought: For such a hard man, what a soft hand he has. Morgan’s eyes flicked away for a second, catching the curved walls around him and he thought: What a worthless office. It will probably end up as a storeroom in no time.


CHAPTER 15

Big Bill Haywood had a house in Denver, Colorado. That’s where his wife, Nevada Jane, lived with their two young daughters. But Bill Haywood was rarely there. His head usually found its pillow on rackety railroad sleepers or cheap prairie hotels. Big Bill Haywood was a restless man. He had been thrust into the role of the workingman’s champion and he took to it with messianic fervor. 
1910 marked three years since his murder trial for assassination of the governor of Idaho, Frank Steunenberg. The murder indictment was a frame-up and it almost worked. The captured triggerman, Harry Orchard, spun a tale that had Haywood hiring him to kill the governor. The mine-owners who Haywood fought with and the lawmakers who he railed against, worked hard to set up a conviction, promising leniency to Orchard and several others for their testimony against Haywood. What they didn’t anticipate was that the greatest defense lawyer alive, Clarence Darrow, would take Haywood on as a client. When all looked lost at the trial, Darrow delivered an eleventh-hour summation that is considered one of the greatest closing arguments in legal history. He concluded with an impassioned plea: “Out on the broad prairies, where men toil with their hands: out on the wide seas where men are sailing the ships: through our mills and factories: down deep under the earth, thousands of men and women and children – men who labor, men who suffer, women and children weary with care and toil – these men and these women and these children will kneel tonight and ask their God to guide your judgment. These men and these women and these children – the poor, the weak and the suffering of this world – will stretch out their hands to this jury and implore you to save Bill Haywood’s life.”
When he finished, Darrow broke down in sobs. Most of the courtroom was crying. Still, odds were that Bill Haywood would hang and it came as a shock when a “not guilty” verdict was pronounced. The trial catapulted Haywood from being a provincial organizer to a full-blown national labor hero. 
Whistle-stopping through the country, Haywood rained down his own brand of fire and brimstone, but instead of God versus the Devil, the players were the Common Man versus the Rich Capitalists. He became so popular that his name was placed in nomination for President at the 1908 national convention of the Socialist Party of America. He withdrew in favor of Eugene Debs, who garnered almost half a million votes, coming in third to Taft in the election.
By 1910, there was a feeling in many progressive circles that change really was in the air. In Los Angeles, Job Harriman was poised to be elected the first socialist mayor of a large city. In New York City, a 23 year-old, 4 foot 10 inch firebrand named Clara Lemlich, led 20,000 women workers in a strike that effectively shut down the nation’s garment industry. Major strikes were sweeping the country. Hundreds of thousands of American workers were taking to the streets. Hopes were being fueled that there was real momentum for radical change. 
Still, Bill Haywood was hardly satisfied. Despite the massive rallies and strikes, Bill Haywood saw America as a nation entrenched in capitalism, mired in a class struggle of rich and poor, boss and worker, exploiter and exploited. He thought most Americans bought into a great lie: that free enterprise could make anyone rich, even as the common worker labored back-breaking hours for pennies a day. Bill Haywood knew that something dramatic must happen, some great event must take place to sway the vast American public to the side of a second American revolution, this time socialist.  


CHAPTER 16

On April 21, 1910, while most people in America were preoccupied with a dim swath of light that appeared in the evening sky, an old man lay dying. During the last years of his life he was frequently seen sitting alone feeding birds in Madison Square Park. The old man was embittered with the world. He loved his family more than anything and was shattered by the loss of three of four daughters and then his wife. A man of his time, he had optimistically invested in new technological inventions only to lose everything he owned in a devastating bankruptcy. He was born seventy-five years earlier, when Halley’s Comet had last made an appearance and often said he wished to go out with that same celestial firework display.
The dying old man was named Samuel Langhorne Clemens. Years earlier, under his pen name, Mark Twain, he wrote a novel that satirized the time he was living in, when rampant economic and political corruption colored American society. The book’s title caught on as a catchphrase for that era: The Gilded Age.

During that month of the comet, young Clara Lemlich was recovering from the injuries she suffered during the garment industry strike that was christened The Uprising of 20,000. Lemlich was always at the front of the picket line, leading chants like “We’d rather starve quick then starve slow.” The strikers met with stiff opposition from the factory owners, who initiated a new tactic: fear. Thugs were hired to first intimidate, then actually beat up the girls, often with the police turning a blind eye. When threatened by the mercenary goons, Clara would shoulder up to them, daring them to attack. One day they did, breaking her ribs and fracturing her skull. When word got out that hired thugs were beating the striking girls, help was organized. Society women such as Alva Vanderbilt Belmont and Anne Morgan (Pierpont’s daughter) donated bail money for the thousands of girls that were being arrested. With Clara’s beating, the Uprising of 20,000 became a national story and touched off wildcat strikes. Ultimately, over sixty thousand workers in America’s major garment manufacturing cities were walking picket lines. Labor strife burned throughout 1910. Even Bill Haywood was growing optimistic, seeing that sympathy instead of scorn was now being given to striking workers across the country.

Halley’s Comet began brightening in May, stretching radiantly across the sky as if brushed onto the heavens by a master painter. The inhabitants of the earth had a serious case of comet fever. Sky-watchers in Bermuda reported the comet acted strangely, wavering in the sky, following the death of England’s King Edward on May 6. Because it was an abnormally cold spring, many believed the comet was drawing the sun’s heat rays away from the earth. It was predicted that the Earth would pass through the comet’s twenty-four million mile tail on May 18. Many people believed it was to be the end of the world. 
On the morning of May 18, the front-page headline of the New York Times read: “If this is the last edition of THE TIMES we wish you a fond farewell.” Church services were scheduled around the clock and the churches were full. Besides prayer vigils, comet parties were organized. John Astor threw his party on the rooftop of the Waldorf-Astoria. It was a dual purpose party: to celebrate the comet (or the end of the world) with buckets of champagne and also to celebrate his divorce from Ava, which finally became official. He invited 150 guests and laid out more than $25,000 for the rooftop soiree. Hearing about the party, Ava decided to throw her own divorce celebration at Sherry’s the same night. Harry Lehr, the musical butterfly of the social set, indicated who had the higher social standing by manning the piano at John Astor’s party, serenading breathless society matrons as the comet stretched across the sky above.
As it turned out, the comet’s tail missed Earth by 197,000 miles. The planet survived.

President William Howard Taft was far less concerned about the end of the world than he was by the looming specter of Theodore Roosevelt, who was preparing his return to the United States after a year of African safari.  
Roosevelt had arrived in Khartoum in mid-March and was given a hero’s welcome. Banners proclaimed “Welcome Teddy” and American flags waved throughout the city. Crowds of local citizens gathered to greet the ex-President, as did throngs of tourists and a swarm of newspaper reporters, who besieged him with questions about Taft. Roosevelt was uncharacteristically cautious, knowing full well that if he criticized his handpicked successor it would cause a political earthquake in the United States. 
From Khartoum, Roosevelt went to Cairo. At a reception at the Shepheards Hotel, Roosevelt shook hands with over 700 American tourists. They beseeched him to wield a big stick again. “Won’t you straighten up old man Taft when you get home?” “We want to see you in the White House again.” “We want you back again.” Roosevelt grinned his toothy grin and tried to restrain his urge to comment. He couldn’t, finally saying, “I am not going to make a speech, but I am pleased to meet you Americans so far from home,” then adding a reference to Pierpont Morgan’s famous dinner party remark: “I am glad to furnish you evidence that the lion did not do his duty!” 
Taft followed accounts of the ex-President’s travels and became increasingly upset about Roosevelt’s imminent return. On May 28th, Taft wrote a long letter to Roosevelt telling him what he had accomplished during the past year and what he hoped to accomplish in the next three years. When he didn’t receive an immediate reply he began complaining about his former mentor. He griped that he hadn’t heard from Roosevelt during the entire African safari, not even a “thank you” for the gold ruler Taft gave him as a going away present. Taft debated whether he should be dockside to greet Roosevelt on his return or whether it would be too undignified for a sitting President to participate in the return of an ex-President. He finally decided to send Archie to New York as his personal envoy to welcome Theodore Roosevelt back home.


CHAPTER 17

John Astor and George Vanderbilt kept the original list of potential partners in a desk drawer in Astor’s office. It was an ever-shifting roster, filled with cross-outs and additions, stained with coffee and Courvoisier. In its margins were notes on how to approach each man and what they had to contribute in money, influence or talent. Astor and Vanderbilt realized that in order for The Plan to succeed, they needed people who could work together. This was no small task; the titans of industry usually functioned as grand captains of their own ships, running their business empires with autocratic authority. 
Their first meeting was with Andrew Carnegie. They traveled uptown to Carnegie’s mansion at 91st Street and Fifth Avenue. At age 72 and standing five foot one, Carnegie looked like a mischievous Scottish wood sprite. Few would imagine that this genial elf who sprinkled his talk with old folk tales and moral homilies, was considered one of the most Machiavellian figures in business when he ran Carnegie Steel with his partner, Henry Clay Frick. 
“Come in, please gentlemen,” Carnegie said in a squeaky Scottish brogue. “So good of you to visit a useless old man.” Self-deprecation was a disarming technique Carnegie used throughout his life. The “useless old man” was, in pure cash assets, the richest man in America. Through his philanthropy he was working to transform his image from a hard-nosed businessman to a saintly humanitarian. 
“You are hardly useless, Mr. Carnegie,” Vanderbilt said.
“Ach, people flock to me now only because I’m tossin’ great bundles of cash every which way. I’m not so naïve to think they actually make their pilgrimage because they adore m’charming Scottish countenance.” Carnegie laughed then said pointedly, “so…how can I help you gentlemen?”
Vanderbilt caught the subtle message: Carnegie expected to be asked for money. So rather than pitching the old Scotsman for an investment, Vanderbilt laid out the possibility of providing America with a more efficient commerce system. “It will be a boon to business and worker alike,” Vanderbilt said, playing to Carnegie’s current social conscience. “By lowering the cost of transporting goods and having it reflected in better living costs for the average American citizen, it will revolutionize and revitalize the American economy.”
“Big plans…very nice, very nice,” Carnegie said at the end of Vanderbilt’s presentation. “But I hope you gentlemen are not asking for my participation in this project as I am in the process of giving my money away, not looking to invest. The good Lord knows I have plenty of money as it is.” 
Astor spoke up, reiterating how much good this project would do for all people when Carnegie held up his hand. He started to speak, but before he could utter a word, his eyes reddened and grew misty. “Gentlemen, I am seventy-two years old. I have an eleven-year-old daughter and a beautiful wife that provides me with more gifts than I deserve. Before God takes my tired soul, my purpose in life is to use the money I have made so that it might help others. And while your project seems worthy, it is business, and as such, it is something I have vowed to stay away from.” Suddenly clear-eyed again, Carnegie hopped to his feet and extended his hand. “Good luck to you, good luck to both of you on your endeavors.”
They had been with Carnegie for no more than fifteen minutes and it was over. Astor and Vanderbilt were stunned by how easily Carnegie dispatched them. The butler, who materialized the moment Carnegie sprang up, ushered them out.

Over steaks at Delmonico’s the two men conducted a post-mortem of the evening. Long suppressed doubts about the project emerged. Perhaps they missed something. Was such a large project practical? Could it really be accomplished? Was it worth the time and money? Was it even really a good idea? 
They took separate cabs home that evening and did not see each other for ten days. When they did get back together, it was to attend a performance of Madam Butterfly at the Metropolitan Opera House. They sat in stony silence in the Astor box, absently listening to Enrico Caruso and Geraldine Ferrar sing while their minds drifted to commerce centers that would dot America’s landscape. When the Met’s golden curtain descended at the end of Act II, Astor jumped up. “Off to the Men’s Lounge,” Astor said, then quickly scurried from the box. Vanderbilt strolled to a dark corner near the lobby for a private smoke. It wasn’t more than a minute when he heard someone addressing him. “Excuse me, but can I ask you a question?”
Annoyed, Vanderbilt glanced up to see a doughy faced middle-aged man staring intently at him. “Did you say something?” Vanderbilt replied, not wanting to engage the stranger.
“I just noticed your ring,” the man said, pointing to Vanderbilt’s gold ring with a rough cross of garnet and mother of pearl. “I believe it’s quite rare. Ancient Frankish, yes? If I might ask, how did you obtain such a treasure?”
 “There’s only one way to get a ring like this. Outbid everyone else and pay top dollar for it.”
“So you must be George Vanderbilt.” 
“I am. And how did you guess that?”
“Because you were the bastard who outbid me for it,” the man grinned and held out his hand. “Benjamin Guggenheim.”
“Guggenheim,” Vanderbilt said softly, and then smiled. “A pleasure to meet you, Mr. Guggenheim. I’m here with John Astor.”
“Unfortunately, I’m unaccompanied this evening,” Guggenheim said.
“Perhaps you’d like to join us in our box?”
“I would love to, Mr. Vanderbilt. Thank you. What a fortuitous happenstance to have run into you.”
“Yes,” Vanderbilt said. “Fortuitous.”

The Guggenheims were on the list of people to be approached. Not Benjamin, but Daniel, his brother. Daniel was the Guggenheim who headed the business empire, inheriting that position from their father. Benjamin was the black sheep of six brothers. Though he was educated in all aspects of the family business – mining and smelting – he lacked the financial acumen of his brothers. Benjamin found a number of ways to squander vast quantities of the Guggenheim money. The only area Benjamin excelled in was charming the ladies. He married a wealthy banker’s daughter then, after siring three daughters – Benita, Peggy, and Hazel – devoted most of his time to a series of beautiful mistresses. 
After the opera, Vanderbilt and Astor took Guggenheim for drinks at the Waldorf. They guided the conversation toward their new business project. By the second glass of champagne, Guggenheim was intrigued. By the fourth glass, his face was red with excitement. By the seventh glass of champagne, he had promised to deliver all the copper needed for construction. By the ninth glass all of them were ready to begin construction that night. The Plan offered more to Benjamin Guggenheim than either Vanderbilt or Astor realized. For Benjamin Guggenheim, bringing such a momentous project to his brothers might put him back in the family’s good graces. That was what he desired more than anything: to be accepted as a full-fledged Guggenheim and not as an outcast brother.
As the evening wound down and they all staggered to their cabs, George Vanderbilt, John Astor, and Benjamin Guggenheim threw their arms around each other and congratulated themselves on the great success that was to be theirs.


CHAPTER 18

It was nearing eight a.m., June 18, 1910. Archie sat in a small, private launch, bobbing in the middle of New York’s Upper Bay. The launch carried a delegation of Washington politicians waiting to welcome Theodore Roosevelt home. The S.S. Kaiserins August Victoria sailed into the bay escorted by six battleships, a torpedo boat, several destroyers and numerous private yachts. A thunder and lightning storm had blown through New York early in the morning, leaving behind hot, charged air that matched the excitement of the day. 
The launch pulled alongside the liner to deposit its esteemed guests but there was a problem: the only way to board the imposing ship was by rope ladder. It was a perilous climb straight up the 40-foot hull, but the old politicians were determined to greet their old boss. Sixty-year-old Senator Henry Cabot Lodge was first up, followed by the eighty- year-old Agriculture Secretary, James Wilson, who struggled up the rungs, then teetered near the top, appearing to lose his balance. Archie was seized with a dread feeling that the old man was about to fall and “that would have been the end of him.” The Secretary held on for dear life for several torturous minutes before finishing the climb. Then Archie clambered up. He was carrying two letters in his bootleg. One was from Taft to Roosevelt, formally welcoming the ex-President back. The other was from Mrs. Taft, who wrote a polite note to Mrs. Roosevelt, a women she absolutely despised. 
Once onboard, the group was ushered into the stateroom where Roosevelt greeted each man with a hearty handshake. Then he spotted Archie. “Oh, Archie, but this is fine!”  
“Mr. President,” Archie said, saluting. “I have a letter from the President which I am charged to deliver at once, and a duplicate of the one he wrote to you in London, if you had not already received it.”
Roosevelt took Archie’s hand. “Please say to the President that I greatly appreciate this letter and that I shall answer it later; also say to him that I am deeply touched that he has chosen to send it by you.”
Mrs. Roosevelt came in. “Come here Theodore, and see your children. They are of far greater importance than politics or anything else.” Roosevelt went out to the deck to greet his children and an assortment of other relatives that came to welcome him home, including his niece Eleanor and her fresh-faced husband, Franklin. 
That day in New York, Roosevelt was celebrated as a conquering hero. After a welcoming ceremony, Roosevelt climbed into a carriage and was given a five-mile parade through midtown Manhattan. Archie, in his gleaming white uniform, had the honor of riding in the second carriage, just behind Roosevelt’s. Every inch of sidewalk along the parade route was packed with hollering, flag-waving New Yorkers. Archie noted, “The drive up Broadway and Fifth Avenue was one constant heartfelt ovation. I have never witnessed anything like it, and when it was to see just one man in a frock suit, it was simply marvelous.” 
Later that evening Archie accompanied Roosevelt and his huge entourage to a private reception. Roosevelt was besieged with questions, not about his yearlong safari, but about his opinions of Taft. He diplomatically said nothing. Archie made sure Roosevelt saw a water pitcher that Taft sent as a gift. Roosevelt nodded, then quietly said, “Captain, I have heard much that has distressed me, but I will not be led into any criticism or comment nor utter a word on politics for at least two months. You can relate that to the President.”
“I will,” said Archie.
Then Roosevelt touched Archie on the shoulder. “It’s just bully to see you, Archie. Just bully.” 

Another thunder and lightning storm blew into New York that evening, cooling what had been a stiflingly hot and humid day. Archie was driven to the Waldorf-Astoria and retired to his room relatively early. He wanted to record the events of the day while they were fresh in his mind. He started writing a letter to his sister-in-law, Clara Butt, but didn’t feel he was capturing the historic grandeur of Roosevelt’s return. Archie always fancied himself a sharp observer. He worked as a journalist before joining the Army. But the words weren’t coming. He grew tired. 
Outside, the driving wind and rain lashed his hotel window. Archie turned out the lights, opened the blinds, and eased onto the bed to watch the electric skies. There was no let up. His room flickered with blue-white flashes then shook from concussive claps of thunder. Watching the spectacle, his eyes began to close. He entered an unsettled sleep, the thunderous explosions and quick bursts of light created a hazy dream. 
He was on a battlefield. Bombs were splintering the night air and soldiers were stumbling through clouds of acrid yellow smoke. The soldiers were in gray uniforms. Many were lying on the ground, the life having already left their twisted bodies. Others were wandering aimlessly over a battlefield that was scorched and smoking. Every one of them was horribly wounded and they were crying out to Jesus or Mother or God for some sort of merciful intervention. Archie looked at their faces but could see no features – they were completely blown away. He saw bloody stumps where muscled arms had been. His ears rang with the soul-curdling screams of those who realized that death was tapping them on their shoulder. Archie felt faint. He was choking on the sickening air that was heavy with the odor of blood. He stumbled through the battleground onto a high cliff from where he could see an ocean below. His face was hit with a blast of cold, crystalline sea air. There was no moon. The smooth surface of the water was a mirror of black satin. The coolness of salt air refreshed him. He wanted to jump into the icy water that was far below, if only to escape the hell that was behind him. Just as he was about to leap off the cliff, a hand grabbed him on the shoulder. Archie turned to see Mick – a young, handsome, clean-cut Mick – in a battle-torn uniform.
“Captain, we have to go,” Mick said.
Archie did not answer. Though he had no desire to leave his cool perch, he let Mick lead him back across the hellish terrain. 
“There’s a nest of Filipinos holding our men prisoners. Over there. We can take it,” Mick said, pointing to a trench on the far side of the field. Rifles poked above the lip of the trench.
“It’s suicide,” Archie said.
“Perhaps. But we can rescue all of our men,” Mick answered, then started forward. Archie followed. The guns guarding the trench began sending volleys of bullets toward them. Archie was sure this was the end.
“Come on, Captain. Nothing can harm you,” Mick yelled over the barrage. The bullets were flying by – streaks of sizzling metal whizzing close, but never finding their mark. It was as if they were walking between drops of rain but never getting wet. Archie began to feel it was preordained that the bullets would miss. He knew, he absolutely knew, he wasn’t going to get hit. And so he wasn’t. They reached the gun nest and raised their rifles. There were twenty American soldiers tied and blindfolded near the back of the trench. The Filipinos cowered.
“Shoot them, Captain. Take them out. They’re the enemy. They must be killed if we are to win this war.” Archie had no desire to shoot the terrified Filipinos. “Shoot, Captain. Kill. It’s the only way to get rid of the bastards.”
The Filipinos, realizing their executioner was having second thoughts, raised their own rifles and aimed. Archie no longer felt invincible, no longer confident that the bullets would miss. The Filipinos pulled their triggers, releasing a barrage at Mick and Archie. Boom. Boom. Boom. 

Archie twisted over the bed. He wasn’t sure where he was, but he kept hearing the blasts of Filipino rifles. Boom. Boom. Boom. As he emerged into consciousness and slit open his eyes, he realized that he was not on a horrific battlefield, but sweating and fully clothed, on his bed in the Waldorf. The loud booming was echoing through the room. Someone was knocking on the door. 
The room clock showed 5:30. It was still raining, though the sky was beginning to brighten with the dawn. Archie went to the door. “Who is it?” 
“I must talk with you,” a voice answered with a lilting Irish accent. He cracked the door open and saw a tall, pale woman with deep blue eyes and long red hair that was wet and matted against her face. “May I come in?” the woman said, pushing the door open and stepping in without Archie’s invitation. “I need your help.” 
“I don’t know who you are, Madam,” Archie said, but even as he spoke the words, he sensed otherwise.
“You must help me,” she said, direct and demanding.
“I’m, sorry,” Archie answered. “But…”
“My husband often spoke of you. If there was anyone he would trust with his life, he said it was you. Please, if his life meant anything to you, you must help find out the truth of his death, Captain.”
With the word “Captain,” Archie realized where he had seen her. Never in the flesh, but in a black and white photo six years earlier. She was the woman Mick Shaughnessy left the army to marry. And despite her disheveled appearance, Archie could see she was as beautiful as her image in that photograph.
“I’m sorry for your loss, Mrs. Shaughnessy. It was my loss too. But your husband was mixed up with some very dangerous people.”
“Yes, he was.” 
“When you become an anarchist, I’m sorry to say, you put yourself at grave risk.”
“But he wasn’t an anarchist.”
“I beg to differ with you. Your husband and I had several long discussions on the subject.”
“I beg to differ with you. My husband was never anything but a patriotic soldier who loved the country he served.”
“Working with people who want to overthrow the government is neither patriotic nor serving one’s country.”
“Captain Butt,” Mrs. Shaughnessy said, annunciating each word slowly. “My husband was working for the Department of Justice.” Archie looked confused. He heard her words just fine, but they didn’t quite sink in. Mrs. Shaughnessy continued: “He was recruited to gather information on subversive groups working within the United States. In order for him to maintain his cover he could not contact any member of the Justice Department. But you were an old friend. I know you did not realize this, but he passed his information to the Justice Department through you.”
Archie turned away. He felt a knot in his stomach. “They used me,” Archie muttered. 
“Mick had nothing but respect and admiration for you. He felt you would understand. He was doing his duty, as you were.”
“Well then, that’s why he was killed. There’s your answer, Mrs. Shaughnessy. Anarchists are not people you want to betray. Someone found out he was a spy and they killed him.”
“I don’t believe it was that simple.”
“Why not?”
A small, knowing smile curled her lips. “Because nothing Mick Shaughnessy did was ever that simple. The police say it was an accident. The Justice Department won’t even talk to me. Do you think it was an accident, Captain?”
Again, Archie said nothing. 
“I know he was to meet you that evening. What happened, Captain Butt? Was he murdered?”
“Quite honestly, I don’t know,” Archie said, now perspiring uncomfortably in the humid air.
“It’s your job to do everything you can for a fellow soldier. That’s the code of honor soldiers are bound to. Am I right?”
Archie shifted nervously. He wanted to change the subject. “Have you ever heard of someone named Sue Mann?”
“Why?” Mrs. Shaughnessy asked, puzzled.
“Mick mentioned her. I don’t know why?”
Mick’s wife’s face tensed; she snorted angrily. “Were those his last words? Another woman’s name?”
Archie tried to backpedal. “Mick is dead, Mrs. Shaughnessy. There’s nothing I can do about it. It is the responsibility of the proper authorities to pursue the matter.”
“Do you trust those proper authorities to find the truth?”
“I cannot help you,” was all Archie could answer. “You must believe me when I say that.” 
“But…”
“I cannot help you,” Archie repeated. “I wish I could, but I cannot. Please understand.”
Mick Shaughnessy’s wife nodded. She let out a resigned sigh then reached into her bag and pulled out something that caught a glint of dawn light. It was a battered, nickel-plated pistol. “He always said that if something ever happened to him, I was to search you out and give this to you.”
“.38 caliber Colt Peacemaker. Standard Army issue,” Archie murmured. “I can’t take this, Mrs. Shaughnessy. It’s not mine. It was his.”
“It doesn’t mean anything to you?” 
Archie stared at the pistol. It meant everything to him. His eyes grew wet even as he tried to hold back the tears.
“My husband is dead, Captain. He struggled very hard to live life as an honorable man. Sometimes he fell short, but I loved him even as he struggled. It was his request that you have this gun. I ask you to honor his memory.” She pushed the gun into Archie’s hand. He turned it over, examining each nick and scratch, caressing the pistol as he would a sacred talisman. There was something etched on the gun’s worn handle. The words were hard to read, almost completely rubbed off: Veritas. Virtus. Libertas. Corporal Mick Shaughnessy 1903.
“Did Mick tell you what the Latin meant?” Archie said, lifting his look to Mrs. Shaughnessy. The door was ajar; she had left. Archie was alone.


CHAPTER 19

The West was still wild in 1910, or so those living in the East believed. The popular mythology of the West was created by Buffalo Bill and his Wild West Show – a land as sophisticated as a dusty saloon, as tasteful as the parlor of a bordello. Western towns were thought to be lonely outposts amid a tumbleweed wilderness. The cities were exotic settlements built by rough and tumble pioneers. 
John Astor hated the West. He hated the wind, the dirt, the heat, the wide-open spaces that invited only chaos. Traveling in his private railroad car, looking out over the vast expanse of nothingness, Astor yearned for the busy avenues of New York City, for the restaurants, the culture, the comfort of an ordered civilization. 
The West offered nothing, absolutely nothing – except land. Miles upon miles of land available for pennies an acre. Perfect for the commerce centers. And while John Astor hated everything about the West, he knew great real estate opportunities when he saw them. 
By late May of 1910 Astor was deep into a grand tour of the West, leaving the luxury of his private rail car only to survey property and negotiate terms with land owners. In Eastern Utah, Astor found a 30,000-acre plot of land along the Green River – a perfect location to build a commerce gateway to the West. He came upon 27,000 acres of timberland for sale outside of Walla Walla, Washington. In California, he struck real estate gold, putting a down payment on swampy delta land along the Sacramento River, a waterway that led right into the San Francisco Bay. Southeast of Los Angeles he found 15,000 acres of high desert scrubland near a town called Escondido, situated between the growing metropolis of Los Angeles, the sleepy port of San Diego, with easy access to Mexico and the Pacific Ocean. He wired Vanderbilt about his successes. 
Vanderbilt had stayed east, pitching tycoons on the new venture. He didn’t divulge much, telling them that the specifics would be revealed during a private gathering. But he dangled enough promises of power and riches that he enticed an impressive roster of men. If Carnegie wasn’t interested, his old partner Henry Clay Frick was. And so was George Weidner, the Philadelphia streetcar mogul. And Charlie Hays and John Thayer, twin giants of the railroad industry. And Isador Straus of Macys, the bridge building Roebling family, and Ben Guggenheim. Everything was falling into place. The careful foundation Astor and Vanderbilt were laying was becoming a reality. Neither man had felt so alive in years.

* * *

On the morning of June 17, Archie entered the building that housed the Justice Department, saluted an Army sentry who stood guard in the lobby, then marched through the maze of corridors to the outer office of the Bureau of Investigation’s Director, Stanley Finch. “Captain Butt!” Finch’s secretary exclaimed, and then looked down to an appointment book. “I don’t believe you were scheduled…”
“I’m not scheduled. But I must talk with Director Finch,” Archie said politely.
The secretary continued to scrutinize the appointment book. “Perhaps we can make some time available this afternoon?”
“Now,” Archie answered insistently. “It’s important.”
“Let me see what I can do,” she said, moving to Finch’s door and knocking.
“Yeah?” Finch yelled. The secretary went in, closing the door behind her.
Archie peered out the window, catching sight of the Washington Monument in the distance. Why in the world would they erect such a strange object? No great words, no statue, no explanation – just an ugly marble shaft that cut into the sky like a knife. If a foreign visitor knew nothing of George Washington, they would view the massive pillar as curiously as Archie viewed ancient Egyptian obelisks that honored rulers long forgotten by the world. 
The door opened and the secretary came out. “I’m sorry,” she said, “but Director Finch is quite busy, he suggested you schedule an appointment sometime next month when he has enough time for you.”
“Thank you,” Archie said, and then walked right past the young woman into Finch’s office. Finch was sitting behind a gigantic mahogany desk, smoking a cigar, hunched over paperwork. “I don’t have time for you now, Captain,” Finch barked, not even looking up.
Archie walked to the desk and stamped his hand over Finch’s pile of papers. “On the contrary, Mr. Finch, I believe you have time for an emissary of the President of the United States.”
Finch lifted his head and whistled a stream of cigar smoke over Archie’s shoulder. “Captain Butt, there are protocols.”
 “Why didn’t you tell me Mick Shaughnessy was working for you?” Archie said tightly, trying to restrain his fury. 
Finch looked unperturbed. He chewed on the end of his cigar, turned his gaze up to the ceiling, and chose his words carefully. “Well…that…would…have…ruined… everything.”
Archie exploded. “You lied to me and used me and you had no right to, sir!!”
The muscles in Finch’s face constricted. “Captain Butt, I head a bureau whose mission is to investigate dangers to our country. I take my responsibilities seriously. We are the last line of defense against those who would like to destroy our way of life. It is my constitutional duty to take any action I deem necessary to do my job. Any action!”
Finch rose and walked around his huge desk until he was face to face with Archie. “If you think about it for one goddamn moment you would realize there is no way we would have been able to place Agent Shaughnessy within the subversive groups he infiltrated if he had any traceable contact with our office. Using you, an old friend, as a go-between, was the best way we could receive information from him. The fact that you had no idea you were passing information protected yourself and Agent Shaughnessy. It was the right method of operation and I do not have to defend it to you.”
“I believe you head an investigative department, sir, not the secret police,” Archie snapped back. “As far as I know, we have laws regarding people’s rights. And you certainly cannot use individuals without their knowledge to do your dirty work. Especially if those people happen to work for the President. It’s just not the way we do things in this country, Mr. Finch.”
Finch grew agitated. He began pacing across his office in short, choppy steps while sucking on his cigar. “Captain, there are dangerous criminals in our midst. They are working to undermine the foundations of the country. They prey upon the poor, the weak, those easily influenced by subversive ideas. They target the workers who are building our economy. Need I remind you of the horrible strife our nation has seen because of these agitators? The Homestead Strike, the Pullman Strike, the Lattimer Strike, the U.S. Steel Strike, the Anthracite Coal Strike. This year a group of silly young girls practically ruined our entire garment and textile industry with a strike. They called it ‘The Uprising of 20,000.’ These are anarchists, socialists and foreign criminals trying to tear apart our democratic system. Only nine years ago a foreign anarchist assassinated President McKinley. What did the sonuvabitch say as he was about to be executed? ‘I killed the President because he was the enemy of the good people, the good working people. I am not sorry for my crime.’   This is our enemy, Captain and they will stop at nothing in their war against us. So, as I am sworn to be a defender of America, I will stop at nothing in my war against them. And if it means using all available resources, including you, to root out these bastards and destroy them before they destroy us, I will do that and I will not apologize for my actions.”
Finch looked defiantly at Archie to challenge him. Archie could not; he was deflated. Finch had invoked the deepest form of patriotism, protection of the republic, to justify his actions. All Archie could respond with was a quiet, “Do you know who killed Mick Shaughnessy?”
Finch softened. “It’s under investigation. Mick Shaughnessy served his country and this agency as a brave and courageous fighter. His death will not be in vain. You have my promise on that.” Finch then reached out and placed a sympathetic hand on Archie’s arm. “Trust me when I say that we are on the same team fighting the same battle. Let me handle the investigation of Agent Shaughnessy’s death. Will you do that for me, Captain? Take care of your duties with the President and trust me that justice will be done.”
“I will not interfere, Director Finch. I just hope your agency’s efforts prove to be as effective as your words.”
“Thank you, Captain,” Finch smiled. “And give my regards to the President, won’t you?” Finch then did something that struck Archie odd: he saluted. It was a sloppy, lazy salute of someone who had never been in the military. Nonetheless, Archie saluted back. “Now you must excuse me, Captain, I have work to do.” Finch turned completely away, leaving Archie to stand awkwardly in the center of the office before marching out. 


CHAPTER 20

Big Bill Haywood stood on the second-class deck of the Lusitania, watching the ship’s bow cut through waters of the Atlantic. It made him nervous. He had never been on a ship before. He was 41 years old and had never set foot outside of the United States. Despite being famous, Haywood insisted that he not be booked in first class, preferring to be among the common people in second class. He was traveling to Europe to meet the great revolutionaries of the day at the International Socialist Congress in Copenhagen, Denmark. He was growing more optimistic about the real possibility of revolution. America was convulsing with unrest. Along with the usual hotbeds of rabble-rousing activity, there were large rallies and regular confrontations between union members and police in such conservative towns as Spokane and Fresno. In urban areas, workers were rising up en masse. The streetcar workers of Philadelphia’s Rapid Transit Company challenged its owners, the Weidner family, over hours and wages. The ensuing battle enveloped almost all of Philadelphia’s trade workers. A general strike was called for March 5, 1910. That day 50,000 workers walked off their jobs in the city of Brotherly Love. The second day of the strike saw 50,000 more workers – over 100,000 total – paralyze the city. The police stormed a massive demonstration in Independence Square and a violent confrontation occurred. The strike lasted three weeks and left bitter feelings on both sides.
The grand climax to the labor unrest of 1910 took place on October 1, when the Los Angeles Times building was dynamited and twenty-one people were killed. The notoriously anti-union Times, without any hard evidence, immediately blamed the bombing on the unions that were trying to organize the Times shop laborers. 
The city of Los Angeles hired an anti-unionist detective agency to investigate. It claimed to have found a trail to James McNamara and his brother John, a high-profile union leader who helped organize workers against J. Pierpont Morgan’s U.S. Steel. Both brothers were arrested for the bombing. Organized labor, sensing a case similar to Bill Haywood’s frame-up five years earlier, swung into action, asking tens of thousands of union members to give money and support for the McNamara’s defense. 
On the deck of the Lusitania, Big Bill Haywood saw America’s labor unrest as part of a grand struggle that was boiling into a global workers revolution. 
At the International Socialist Congress in Copenhagen, Haywood met with the most prominent revolutionaries of the day, including a cerebral socialist theoretician named Vladimir Lenin. When the Congress concluded, Haywood was more convinced than ever that the arrival of a worldwide revolution was imminent. He saw it as his mission to bring that revolution to America.


CHAPTER 21

In Bar Harbor, Maine, William Howard Taft was having a bad day on the golf course. He had traveled to the Kebo Valley Country Club to play one of the oldest and most elegant golf courses in America. But on the par four 17th hole, he was having a nightmare. Hitting the ball in the rough, and then the sand, and then the water hazard. When he addressed the ball for his 11th stroke on the hole, Archie tried to calm him. “Mr. President, you don’t have to…” 
“Don’t say a word,” Taft cut him off. “Let me play it out. 
“But…” 
“I shall play it out,” Taft said emphatically, and then proceeded to swing, hack, slash, chop, strike and flail until, after twenty-seven agonizing strokes, he putted the ball into the cup. It was hardly a triumph. 
Coincidentally, John Astor was playing three holes behind the Presidential party. Astor had come to Bar Harbor that summer to escape the stifling social scene of Newport. He sailed into the town’s port on his yacht Nourmahal, with his son Vincent. From his vantage point on the golf course, Astor was able to catch glimpses of the President and his entourage. He couldn’t help but notice Taft’s frustrations. He also could see Captain Butt soothing Taft, trying to take the President’s mind off the miserable hole he was having. 
Back at the Kebo Clubhouse a small group of people was waiting for the President to finish his round so they might shake his hand. Taft was in no mood to shake anyone’s hand. Flanked by Archie, he strode quickly past the well-wishers into a private locker room. “Keep them away, Archie,” were the only words he muttered as he shut the door to brood alone.
Archie stood outside the door, turning the people away by saying that the President was not feeling well, which wasn’t exactly a lie – Taft was sick about his golfing. After a half hour the area had cleared out. Archie was waiting for the President to emerge when a man approached. “Captain Butt!” the man called. “So good to see you again.” Archie couldn’t place the face until the man saluted.
“Colonel Astor. Why, hello.” Archie saluted back.
“I saw you and the President on the links today. I trust you had an enjoyable time?”
“It’s a beautiful golf course,” Archie answered diplomatically.
“It’s very challenging,” Astor said, being equally diplomatic. “Especially the 17th. I noticed the President struggled with the hole.”
“A bit,” Archie added in understatement.
“And I also noticed how good you were with him.” 
“Thank you for saying that, Colonel,” Archie said coolly, not wishing to engage Astor. 
“Captain, don’t think I haven’t noticed the skills you have with people. They like you. Trust you. Listen, have you thought of what you might do after this is all over?”
“After what is all over?”
“You and the President. Your White House position. Administrations don’t last forever, you know.”
“I really haven’t given it much thought.”
“Well…” Astor stuttered a little, sensing Archie’s irritation. “I have a project. Not just me, George Vanderbilt and me and a number of other businessmen. It’s a very important project. If you were ever thinking about returning to civilian life…”
Archie cut him off. “I’m a lifelong soldier. I love serving my country.” 
“Of course you do,” Astor said. “We all love serving this country. But that’s why this project is so important. All I’m saying is that perhaps one day you might like to explore the opportunities that private business can offer. A man with your talents could do very well. Quite honestly, you could be a terrific liaison with the government. Do some very important work. Especially with the contacts you have established.”
The door opened and Taft emerged. His eyes looked tired and defeated. He glanced at Astor then turned away without saying a word.
“Thank you for the conversation, Colonel Astor. It’s time for the President to go,” Archie said.
Astor turned toward Taft. “An honor to see you again, Mr. President. I remain your great admirer.” Taft nodded slightly, pursed his lips and looked away. 

* * *

Meeting Archie and the President was not the most eventful moment of John Astor’s week at Bar Harbor. That happened the next morning on the Kebo Country Club’s tennis courts. He was playing a set with his son Vincent, who was running Astor ragged. At age eighteen, Vincent was emerging from his awkward adolescence. While he would never be mistaken for a handsome, graceful young man, he began to exude a confidence that came with growing up. On the grass tennis courts he cut a noticeable figure in his pressed tennis whites and dark, slicked back hair. On one hand, Astor was very proud that Vincent was finally coming into his own. On the other hand, he was feeling his age and hated losing to his son. 
“One more game and I’ve had it,” Astor called out. 
“But we’ve only played a set,” Vincent replied. “Three sets to a match.”
Astor said nothing, just served the ball. Vincent lobbed it back softly, taking it easy on his father. After a long rally, Vincent hit the ball into the net, giving Astor a small victory. A loud “awwww” rose from behind him and Vincent noticed four young girls, all his age, watching them play. He smiled, gave them a little nod then waited for his father to serve again. It took a moment. Astor had noticed the teenaged girls as well. 
“Serve it, dad,” Vincent yelled. Astor did, sending the ball high over the net, over Vincent’s head and right at the group of girls who shrieked and giggled as the ball came at them like a runaway missile.
“Good game, Vincent,” Astor said, scampering around the net, totally ignoring his son and heading right toward the teenagers. “So sorry, ladies. I didn’t mean to scare you like that.” 
Vincent rolled his eyes and walked up to the group.
“You didn’t scare us,” one of the girls said. She was tall and slender, with light brown hair and a shy smile.
“That’s good. No need to be scared of me,” Astor replied.
“What scared us was your tennis game,” another of the girls said. “It was actually quite terrifying.” All the girls laughed, as did Vincent. 
“For any fright I may have given you ladies, I do apologize. Let me offer you all lunch to make up for it.” An awkward silence descended over the girls. “Of course, you will be joining with my son, as well. I am John Astor and this is my boy Vincent.”
The girls tried to swallow their surprise upon hearing the name “John Astor.” While they may have been young, they were quite aware of the name “Astor” and the riches associated with it. “Thank you for the invitation, Mr. Astor,” the tall brunette said quietly. “But we are busy this afternoon.”
“Tomorrow then?” Astor pressed. “My pleasure. You, me, Vincent, we’ll all have a gay old time.”
The girls looked at each other. A chubby blond in the group chirped, “Sounds like fun.”
“Great,” Astor said quickly. “Noon at the Club’s lounge. And now I must ask you lovely ladies to introduce yourselves.”
“I’m Henrietta Thaw,” the chubby blond said, all the while eyeing Vincent.
“I’m Carol Brown,” a slight, mousy one said, bowing a little to Astor.
“And I’m Leta Wright,” a full figured, more mature one said.
The last girl, the tall brunette, waited, her eyes exploring Astor.
“Yes, m’dear, don’t be shy, do end the mystery of your identity,” Astor said.
“Madeleine Force,” the girl said softly. “It’s a pleasure to meet you, Mr. Astor.” And she smiled at him again.

“What in the world were you thinking?!” Vincent Astor screamed at his father. They were on the bow of the Nourmahal, taking an afternoon sail through Frenchman Bay just off Bar Harbor.
“What was I thinking? I was thinking, ‘Oh, what an enchanting girl. I’d love to get to know her.’”
“Dad, she’s my age.”
“You think?” Astor answered.
“I bet she’s still in finishing school.”
“I like that name. Madeleine. It’s common but with a musical lilt to it. Madeleine.” Astor let her name roll off his tongue. “And you have to admit, Vincent, she had a delightful quality about her.”
“It’s called innocence. And I can understand why you might be attracted to it, as it left you long ago.”
Astor laughed. “You’re a very clever boy, you know that?”
“The girl is too young for you, dad. Let me be the Astor who flirts with débutantes.”
“There are three others you could flirt with at lunch, Vincent. You have to understand, age is blind when it comes to matters of the heart.”
“I’m not going to lunch. I’m not going to watch you try and make conversation with a group of silly young girls. You’re forty-six years old, for god sakes.”
“In spirit, my dear son, I believe I’m younger than you. So let’s not argue about trivial matters. We’re on vacation, after all. Relax. Enjoy yourself. We only live once. Besides, it’s only some harmless bit of fun.”
“No, I’m not sure it is a harmless bit of fun. She could be your daughter.”
“But she’s not,” Astor said. “She’s a lovely young woman.”
“And why would she be attracted to you? Because you’re rich?”
“God gives gifts to everyone. To some he gives good looks, to some he gives muscles, to some he gives musical talent. God gave me money and I see no reason to deny it. If she’s attracted to me because of my wealth, well then, she is attracted to me and that’s all I care about. Would you deny a beautiful woman because you have money?”
“If that’s the sole reason of her attraction,” Vincent said with the indignation of an insolent teenager, “then yes, I would deny her.”
“That’s good, son. I hope you remember that in thirty years.” A wave rolled into the bow, spraying a mist of salt water over them. “You know, I do love the sea,” Astor said. “I feel so at home on it.”

At lunch the next day, Astor ordered raw oysters and showed the girls how to slide them down the throat. Vincent actually enjoyed himself, as he was the main focus of attention for three of the four girls. Madeleine let Astor flirt with her. As it turned out, she wasn’t Vincent’s age – she had just turned 17, more than a year younger than him. 
Later that evening Astor asked his uncle, John Kane, whose estate he and Vincent were staying at, if he knew of Madeleine’s family and if they were from proper society. Kane told him that her great-grandfather had been the mayor of Brooklyn. The family, while not wealthy, had vacationed in Bar Harbor for many years. He also informed Astor that Madeleine was engaged to William Dick, a twenty-two year old heir to a sugar fortune. The wedding was to be in the fall.
Rather than being discouraged, the news that Madeleine Force was to marry sent Astor off on a romantic quest. He became obsessed with Madeleine, showering her with gifts of flowers and jewelry. Though they appeared an ill-matched couple – he, the shambling, middle-aged man; she, the shy, virtuous young maiden – it was becoming obvious that they were growing fond of each other. Astor and Madeleine were seen together at social events and parties throughout the summer. He was always attending to her every whim like a chivalrous knight. And she delighted in the attention. 
William Dick, Madeleine’s young fiancé, quickly disappeared from the scene. By summer’s end Astor had arranged for Madeleine and her mother to move into a Manhattan townhouse close to him. He set upon the new challenge of getting his bashful young sweetheart accepted into the shark filled world of high society. His ex-wife Ava – now living in luxurious exile in England – was held in high esteem by New York society because she was so very much one of them: ravishingly beautiful, extraordinarily vain, viciously cruel, and way over the top in her tastes and spending habits. The shy seventeen-year-old Madeleine Force possessed none of these traits. She was a lamb hardly ready for the knives that were being sharpened for her.


CHAPTER 22

Summer turned to fall. William Howard Taft stayed away from Washington D.C. for as long as he could, finally returning from his summer break in the middle of October. Without fully unpacking he left again, traveling to his home state of Ohio to vote in mid-term elections. On November 8, 1910, Taft received the country’s verdict on his two years in office. “It seems to be a landslide,” Taft’s secretary informed him on the train back to Washington. “I should say it is not only a landslide,” Taft replied bitterly, “but a tidal wave and holocaust all rolled into a general cataclysm.” 
Republicans lost control of the House of Representatives and barely held onto the Senate. 
At his Sagamore Hill home in Oyster Bay, Theodore Roosevelt was suffering the results of the Democratic landslide in his own way. Many Republicans blamed Roosevelt for his party’s defeat. Even though he had returned from Africa only a few months earlier and even though he had not publicly attacked Taft or his administration, the election loss was blamed on the split between the progressives and the conservatives within the Republican ranks. That split was laid squarely at Roosevelt’s feet. 
Roosevelt became a pariah to friends and foes alike. The stream of visitors to his Sagamore Hill home dried up. Like many personalities who live life exuberantly large, when failure visits, their exuberance plunges them into dejection. During the late autumn of 1910, Theodore Roosevelt grew depressed on a Rooseveltian scale. Archie visited him once and reported the ex-President’s dismal state back to Taft: “All of Roosevelt’s old buoyancy is gone and he really seems to be a changed man.”
 “That distresses me deeply,” Taft replied, seemingly sincere. “More deeply than anyone can know, to think of him sitting there at Oyster Bay alone and feeling himself deserted.” Taft reached up and wiped a tear from his eye. Archie wondered whether the tear was for the loss of Roosevelt’s friendship or Taft’s own disloyalty toward the ex-President.

* * *

George Vanderbilt returned to Biltmore in late November, full of optimism. By early 1911, everything had changed. With no immediate income, Vanderbilt’s money worries were crowding in. He tried to cut expenses by reducing Biltmore’s staff and stopping all new construction. When that failed to balance his books, he tried to sell off part of the massive forest around Biltmore. There were no takers. To add to his anxieties, Astor had suddenly disappeared. There were no replies to letters, no returning of phone calls, no answer to telegrams. Vanderbilt grew increasingly distressed. He couldn’t imagine what was wrong and began conjecturing. Perhaps Astor lost his enthusiasm for the project. Perhaps he found another partner. Perhaps…perhaps what? In the vast solitude at Biltmore, Vanderbilt’s mind created hundreds of different scenarios and none came out well. Finally, in early March of 1911, Astor wired back.
“Busy,” was all the telegram said.
Vanderbilt began phoning Astor furiously, up to 10 times a day. When he finally got a hold of him, it became clear something was different. Astor was distant.
“I wired you, George,” Astor’s scratchy voice came over Vanderbilt’s receiver. “I’ve been busy.”
“We have a project, Jack. A big project that requires a lot of work and attention.”
“Yes, of course we do,” Astor said, “and I’m sorry to have been absent. But some things are more important than business, you know?” 
Astor’s contriteness, however minor, calmed Vanderbilt. “Well, we have to get this moving forward again.”
“Absolutely,” Astor answered, “maybe we could meet in a couple of months.”
“Jack!” Vanderbilt erupted into the mouth horn of the phone. “Morgan is waiting for us. A couple of months are too long!”
“I’m very occupied,” Astor said, and then blurted, “If you must know, I’m in love, and it’s changing my perspective on everything. You understand how that is?”
Vanderbilt didn’t understand. He married his wife on account of duty, family, and class – certainly not love. Love was one thing, business another. “Yes, love is wonderful,” Vanderbilt said. “But we have our work cut out for us. We have to keep our project going. We can’t be sidetracked by anything.”
Astor seemed miffed. “Are you saying that finding the love of my life has gotten in the way of business?”
“I’m just saying we have to take the next step, Jack.” 
“I don’t need this project, you know,” Astor answered, sounding shrill and strained over Vanderbilt’s receiver. “I have all the money in the world. What I don’t have…what I didn’t have…was love. Until I met Madeleine. And now that I have love, quite honestly, I really don’t need anything else.”
Vanderbilt sensed the whole project slipping away. “Of course you don’t,” he said. “But don’t you realize what’s at stake here? Madeleine…that’s her name, right?”
“Yes. My love’s name is Madeleine.”
“Madeleine will adore you even more when she sees you in charge of the most important American project of this century.”
Astor didn’t say anything; Vanderbilt could almost hear him chewing on what he had said. Vanderbilt didn’t let up. “It’s time to move, Jack. It’s time to tie up all the loose ends and put the final pieces of the puzzle in place. We’re ready. Let’s go!”


CHAPTER 23

After the mid-term election debacle, Taft searched for a way to reinvigorate his Presidency. As a first step, he decided to embark on a campaign style trip to New York City to get back in touch with his Republican constituency. It would include seven speeches, nine meals and four appearances throughout the city. All in two days. Taft left Washington by train on a bright winter’s morning, accompanied by Archie and a small secret service entourage. His first speech in New York was at the Waldorf-Astoria to the Society of Foreign Wars. John Astor was the most prominent member of that organization. With Madeleine on his arm, Astor stood at the head of the reception line. “Fine speech, Mr. President,” Astor said, clasping Taft’s hand. “May I introduce you to Madeleine Force who is an ardent fan of yours.”
Taft glanced at Madeleine and nodded. “Thank you, Colonel Astor. Thank you,” was all the President answered then quickly turned to the next person in the line. Not to be deterred, Astor spotted Archie and saluted. “Captain Butt, may I introduce you to my fiancée, Madeleine Force.” Archie glimpsed the young girl and smiled absently. Madeleine tugged Astor’s arm but he wasn’t quite done; he wanted to be recognized, wanted Madeleine to see him acknowledged by someone who carried an aura of power. “By the way, that project I spoke to you about at Kebo is quite alive. And we still have need of a man with your capabilities, Captain. If you are interested at all, do give me a call at my office.”
“Will do,” Archie said distantly and saluted before completely turning away. 
“I need a lemonade, darling,” Madeleine said, knowing that a request from her was one thing that would get him moving. 
“Of course, my love,” he answered and they quickly walked away.

Taft attended a benefit for the blind at the Metropolitan Opera House at nine o’clock then was ushered back to the Waldorf to put in an appearance at a banquet for the Sixty-ninth Army Regiment. The unit was mostly made up of Irish-Americans who had lubricated themselves with numerous rounds of Guinness and Bushmills while waiting for Taft to arrive. Archie led the President to the dais where Taft tried to give a short speech that was interrupted by, what Archie described as, “ hilarious but good-natured yells from the enthusiastic Irishmen.”
Archie stood to the side of the room as Taft spoke. Somewhere in the middle of the speech a beautiful, redheaded girl, no more than five years of age, approached him.
“Hello,” the little girl said with an unsettling sense of composure. 
“Hello, my dear,” Archie smiled at the young girl.
“I’ve been asked to tell you something.”
“Is it a message to deliver to the President?” 
“No, it’s for you.”
“For me?!” Archie exclaimed in mock surprise. “Who in the world would want to deliver a message to me rather than the President?”
  The little girl did not crack even the hint of a smile at Archie’s exaggerated geniality. “The message is that a man has been arrested for the murder of my father.” 
Archie was taken aback by the girl’s words. “I’m so sorry for your misfortune, young lady.”
“You could help us. It’s important to find out who that man is. He is currently in the 23rd precinct jail.”
Archie was beginning to feel uneasy about engaging the girl, but her absolute earnestness kept him from breaking away. “Haven’t the police told you who the man is?”
“No,” the little girl said. “We don’t trust the police.”
“It’s important to trust law enforcement. They’ll help you where I can’t. Perhaps you can tell me your name and I can pass along a message to someone who is able to assist you.”
“My name is Maura Shaughnessy and we want you to assist us,” the little girl said.
Of course, the strength, the composure – this angelic little girl is Mick’s child. Tears sprang to Archie’s eyes.
The girl’s clear blue eyes met his and it seemed she knew exactly the realization he was having. “We loved him too,” she said simply and motioned for Archie to lean down. She moved her head toward his face; her soft skin brushed his cheek. “Thank you, Captain Butt,” she whispered, then she turned away and ran toward the back of the hall, losing herself in the crowd. Archie took a step toward her but Taft had just finished and the enthusiastic Irish throng leapt to their feet and roared an ovation.
Archie moved Taft off the stage and escorted him through the crowd. Taft greeted and shook hands with his supporters while Archie scanned the thicket of people for the little girl, to no avail.
A limousine was waiting for Taft outside the Waldorf to take him to his last appointment, a dinner given by the Republican Hungarian Club at the Café Boulevard. It was a famous restaurant known for its exotic delicacies that, at one in the morning, completely captured the heart and stomach of the food-loving President. Archie wasn’t able to get Taft away from the table until 3 a.m., at which time he loaded the President into his limousine for the ride back to Taft’s brother’s house, where Taft was staying.


CHAPTER 24

The 23rd precinct building in New York’s Tenderloin district was built to resemble a foreboding fortress. The architects wanted to create a station that “forcefully asserted the authority of the police.” And so they designed a citadel that rose above the street like a gothic castle – four stories high topped by cornices and a crenellated roof parapet. 
Archie came to the station directly from the Hungarian dinner, still in his white dress uniform and gold trimmed officer’s cap. The front desk cop raised his sleepy eyes to Archie and thought, They really crawl out of the woodwork at this hour.
“Good evening, officer,” Archie said.
“Yeah, good evenin’. How can I help ya?” the cop answered.
“I’ve been informed that you have a prisoner here that is being held for the murder of Mick Shaughnessy.” 
The cop looked Archie up and down. “First off,” the cop asserted with authority, “I couldn’t let you see a prisoner without some written permission. So tell you what: why don’t you go home, get out of the party costume, sleep off what you need to sleep off and come back tomorrow during business hours and we’ll see what we can do.”
Though completely exhausted, Archie maintained his diplomatic cool. “Officer, my name is Archibald Butt. I am the Chief Military Aide to the President of the United States. And I am requesting to see the prisoner as part of those duties.”
The cop just stared at Archie. “You gotta be kiddin’ me.”
“I’m dead serious.”
“Listen buddy, come back tomorrow. That way you can talk to the head of the precinct and keep everything kosher, y’understand?”
“Everything is kosher, officer,” Archie said, getting a little annoyed. “And I can’t come tomorrow as I am to accompany the President on rounds in your city.” 
“Oh, right,” the cop said, humoring Archie. “But y’know, it’s four in the mornin’ and I can’t just let you go seein’ someone we may or may not have in our jail ‘cause you may or may not work for the President of the United States.”
“Shall I call the President and have him order you to do this?”
“Yeah, sure, call him. I’d love to speak to ol’ man Taft. Give him a piece of my mind. Though how would I know it’s the President I’m speakin’ to and not some crooked uncle of yours?”
Archie ran his hand over his tired face and gazed around the police station. He noticed pictures of the mayor, governor, and President on the wall. “Do you have today’s newspaper?” Archie asked.
“Yeah, I suppose so.”
“Might I look at one?”
“It’s old news already. New ones should hit the street right about now.”
“If you could just get a newspaper, I’d like to take a look at the front page then I promise to leave you.”
“You promise to leave if I show you the front page?”
“Promise.”
The cop opened a desk drawer and began rummaging through it. It didn’t take very long before he shouted, “Bingo! You want the Times or the Sun?”
“Either will do,” Archie said.
“The Times,” the cop said and laid it on top of his desk. Archie didn’t hesitate; he turned the paper so the cop could see it. The headline read: “THE PRESIDENT IN NEW YORK.” Below it was a picture of Taft waving to a crowd as he stepped from his railway car. Archie lifted his index finger and landed it on the image of the uniformed man leading the way in front of Taft. He said nothing; he didn’t have to. The cop glanced at the picture, glanced to Archie, back to the picture, then back to Archie.
“Alright, now what prisoner did you want to see?”

The jail guard’s kerosene lantern sent a yellow spray of light into the cells where the prisoners slept. Archie followed the guard to a cell at the end of the corridor. “That’s him,” the guard said, swinging his lantern close to the bars. The invasion of light caused the man inside on the cot to lift his blanket over his head. 
“Hey, you’ve got a visitor, get up,” the guard barked.
The man stirred and poked his head out from under the thin blanket. Archie saw only an emerging mess of tangled hair. 
“Sir,” Archie spoke politely, even though addressing a killer. “I need a word with you.”
The man moaned. 
“I would like to talk with you,” said Archie, louder.
The man sat up on the edge of his cot. In the dim lantern light Archie could see the man’s scuffed, dirty face grimace in pain. He rose to his feet and limped toward the bars. The man had an ugly swollen eye and enormous lip that was caked with dried blood. The more light fell on the man’s face, the more Archie noticed that beneath the scruffy appearance, the man’s face was smooth and peach-fuzzed. He was hardly a man at all. 
“Captain! It’s you, ain’t it?!”
Archie knew that rough New York voice. He had heard it before. In Central Park. That time, a gun was pushed into his ribs. “Henry?” Archie said, stunned at who stood before him as Mick’s murderer.
“Yeah, it’s me, Captain! Henry! Did they call you? Are you gonna get me outta here?”
“Do you know why you’re in jail, Henry?” 
“They said I killed Mick. They’ve been grillin’ me for days, tryin’ to make me say I blew him up.”
“Did you, Henry?”
“Did I what?” Henry said, irritated that Archie would even ask such a question.
“Have something to do with Mick’s death?”
“Are you kiddin’? Why would I want to kill the only man who ever helped me in my life? ‘Course I didn’t kill him,” Henry sniffled. “I loved him, Captain…I loved him.” And he broke down, trying to gulp breaths between the sobs. Archie put his arms through the bars, awkwardly wrapping them around Henry’s slight body. “I know this man,” Archie said to the guard. “I would like to go into the cell and talk with him.”
“I’m sorry sir, but that would be against regulations.” 
“By the authority of the President of the United States, I am ordering you to let me in that cell, officer. I will take responsibility for any breach of regulations.” 
The guard hesitated and looked around to make sure no one was watching him break the rules at four in the morning by unlocking the cell door. Once in, Archie moved the tearful boy to the jail cot and sat beside him.
  “If what you’re telling me is the truth,” Archie said quietly, “no harm will come to you. Justice will prevail.”
“Justice, right,” Henry sneered. “They got me and don’t seem to wanna let go, Captain.” 
“There must have been some reason to arrest you, Henry.”
“I wasn’t even near the explosion. They don’t have any evidence. How could they? Mick wanted to protect me. He knew somethin’ was rotten. That whole day wasn’t right.”
“What day?”
“The last day, Captain. I’d change everything about it if I could.”
“Why, Henry? What happened?”
“What didn’t happen? First off, we shoulda never gone to see that sonuvabitch Astor.”
“Astor?! Not John Astor?”
“I dunno his first name. Mick just called him Astor.”
“Did you see this Astor?”
“Not that day.”
“But you’ve seen him before?”
Henry nodded. “Yeah, I seen him before.”
“What did he look like?”
“Rich. Snooty. Stuck up.”
“That’s not much of a description, Henry.”
“I only seen him from far away when I drove Mick to have a talk with him.”
“What did they talk about?”
“I was waitin’ in the car. I don’t know.” 
“How long did he stay?”
Henry shrugged. “Not sure.”
“Henry,” Archie said with a hint of annoyance. “If you want me to help you, you can’t be holding back. You have to tell me everything. Now, how long did Mick stay with Astor?”
“’Bout a half-hour, maybe a little longer.” Henry started nervously pulling at his fingers. 
“And that was it?”
“With Astor, that was it. Then Mick has me drive downtown to this big buildin’, y’know, the kind with columns and Mick tells me that if he ain’t out of the building in a half hour I should take off and lay low in Brooklyn and if anybody should ask if I know him, tell ‘em no, I never heard of Mick Shaughnessy. So I wait. Fifteen minutes goes by, then twenty, then twenty five and then half an hour and I ain’t sure if I should leave or not when Mick finally does come out. But he don’t come out alone – he’s with this little, scrawny guy and they’re havin’ this nasty argument and the little guy is screamin’ and pushin’ his finger into Mick’s chest and I could tell Mick wants to haul off and smack him good in the face but instead Mick jus’ turns away and strolls back to the car nice and easy. It was kinda great, really, ‘cause it got the little guy even angrier, but once Mick got in the car I could see he was agitated too ‘cause he was shakin’.”
“Did you know the man he was arguing with?”
“No. Never saw the guy in my life.”
“Did Mick say anything?”
Henry didn’t answer. Tugged harder at his fingers. “He just told me to head home.”
“And that was it?”
“Yeah.”
“About what time was this?”
“I dunno. It was rainin’ and dark all day. Like I sez, Mick was agitated so I got him back to Hell’s Kitchen then he sez he had someone else to meet. When we get back he finds this long overcoat and he tucks his hair under a hat and puts two guns into his belt and we drive to the Cooper Union and he tells me to pull over and without sayin’ another word he gets outta the car and tugs the brim of his cap down over his face and jus’ yells, ‘Go, Henry, go.’” 
“Did you do what he said?”
 “Well…Not really. I was curious so I drive around the block then come back to the Cooper Union and see him meet this guy in the square.”
“Do you know who the other man was?”
Henry shook his head. “I was too far away.”
“How was he dressed?”
“Nice. Grey suit. Black bowler. And he had a red carnation in his buttonhole.”  
Archie realized that Henry was describing him. “Did they argue?”
“No. They talked for a few minutes then that guy left and Mick took off runnin’ again.”
“And what did you do?”
 “I just watched him disappear,” Henry sniffled. “That was the last time I ever seen him.” Henry choked back his tears. 
“It’s okay, Henry.” Archie said, and then put his arm over Henry’s shoulder until Henry grew calm.
 “It’s a total frame job on me. But you’re gonna get to the bottom of this, ain’t ya Captain?” 
“I’ll do what I can, Henry.”
Henry grabbed Archie’s arm and clutched it. “You’re gonna find out the truth. Not just for me, but for Mick too. God bless you, Captain. God bless you.”
Archie grew uncomfortable with Henry’s pleas. “I’ll do what I can,” Archie repeated, then patted the boy on the head. “Take care of yourself, son,” Archie said while twisting out of Henry’s tight grip. 

Just before dawn Archie sat on the edge of his luxurious bed in his suite in the Waldorf-Astoria, feeling like hell warmed over. Naked, except for his white boxers, Archie caught a glimpse of himself in the wardrobe mirror. His handsome face was puffy, his always carefully groomed hair stood on end, his jowls drooped, and twin dark crevices hung under his bloodshot eyes like saggy half-moons. He glanced at the clock on the wall. In a little more than two hours he was to escort the President of the United States through another whirlwind day in New York. Never one to become too reflective or depressed, Archie grew both reflective and depressed. He felt calamity was circling over his head like a flock of vultures. His boss, President William Howard Taft, was despairing and ineffectual. The man he most admired in life, Theodore Roosevelt, was isolated and despondent in Oyster Bay. His great friend died in an explosion under very mysterious circumstances. If Henry wasn’t responsible for Mick’s death, then who was? And why? And why was it his duty to find out? It wasn’t, Archie reasoned. It wasn’t. 
He lay back, hoping to maybe get an hour of sleep. He closed his eyes, waiting for sweet relief. All that came was a jumble of thoughts that caused him to toss and turn for a half hour. Sleepless, he got up and showered, followed by a long, soothing shave. 
Archie knew what he had to do and was reluctant. So he fussed combing his hair, took his time dressing, packed and repacked his minimal luggage, called room service for coffee, then finally, picked up the telephone. 
“Operator,” the efficient voice said. 
Archie cleared his throat. “I’d like to be connected to the office of John Astor. This is Captain Archibald Butt.”
“One moment, please, Captain Butt,” the operator politely said.
Archie waited as the connection was made. “You may go ahead with your call,” the operator said. Then came Astor’s tenuous voice. “Captain Butt, to what do I owe the pleasure of this call?”
“Your business proposition,” said Archie, foregoing any small talk. “I’m curious and would like to hear more about it.”
“Well, Captain, I never imagined you would come around. You seemed so determined to remain an impoverished military man.”
“Circumstances have changed. And I would like to find out more about the project.”
“You’re in luck. We are having a small gathering of gentlemen who have expressed interest in the project. I believe you will find the group quite impressive. Why don’t you join us?”
“That would be fine,” Archie said. “But I’d like to spend some time alone with you as well.”
“Of course,” Astor answered. “We’re meeting on April seventh, a Friday. I’ll have a formal invitation sent to you. I am so glad you called, Captain.”
“Yes, so am I, Colonel Astor. I will see you then.”

* * *

On March 23, 1911, William Howard Taft called Archie into the Oval Office. He had a surprise for him. Captain Butt was to be promoted to the rank of Army Major. Taft signed the new commission with the surprised Captain looking on. The President’s photographer snapped three pictures of the intimate ceremony. While Archie downplayed the promotion, saying it affected absolutely nothing in his life, he always kept one of the photographs in his wallet. It showed a beaming Taft pinning a new service bar onto Archie’s uniform blouse. In the picture, Archie stood ramrod straight, eyes fixed ahead, looking to be the perfect soldier. 


CHAPTER 25

The morning of March 25, 1911 dawned beautiful in New York. A cold, crisp, Saturday morning. The subways were empty and the only people on the sidewalks were the pushcart merchants setting up their improvised street markets. There was no hint that this splendid day would change the course of history in America. 
The spark that lit the fuse was, literally, a spark. It happened in the afternoon. No one was exactly sure where it came from – an electric motor or an errant match or cigarette. Whatever the cause, a small ember kindled in the wooden bin under Isadore Abramowitz’s fabric cutting table on the 8th floor of the Ashe Building, where the Triangle Shirtwaist Company had its manufacturing facilities. The factory floor was crowded, sweatshop style, with mostly immigrant women hunched over sewing machines, just finishing their day’s work.
When the small fire was first noticed, three of the supervising men filled red fire pails with water and splashed the flames. Rather than dousing it, the water stirred the fire. It exploded from the bin and within seconds began consuming every bit of flammable material until the entire room became an inferno. Sam Bernstein, the floor foreman, leapt on a cutting table and screamed to the girls, “For God’s sake, get out of here as quick as you can!” Fire alarm bells started ringing throughout the building. A hot fire wind spread the blaze onto the bundled blouses, the hanging paper patterns, the wicker waste baskets, the wood tables, the raw bundles of material, the cotton floor scraps. The conflagration traveled quickly up the airshaft and spread to the floor above. Clusters of panicked girls raced about both floors, looking for ways to escape the flames. One group scrambled toward the stairway door, crushing a girl who was fighting to open the door. It hardly mattered, that exit was locked.
Another group of girls ran for the fire escape, which led down an outside airshaft to a back basement skylight. They charged onto it, with the stronger girls shoving past the slower, weaker ones. The fire escape of the Asch Building creaked and swayed under the weight of so many desperate people. Then, like a twisting spring, the flimsy fire escape uncoiled from its moorings, slinging people into the air. Several girls plummeted through the basement skylight below. Some were impaled on the spiked iron fence that was at the bottom of the airshaft. 
On the street below a crowd began gathering. Flames were shooting out the windows. At 4:55, only fifteen minutes after the fire had begun, two fire teams had arrived. Firemen raised their ladders, but they only reached six floors up, not eight. The crowd on the street noticed a dark bale come out the window. One man shouted, “Someone is in there all right. He’s trying to save the best cloth.” A gust of wind caught the bundle and spread the cloth. It wasn’t a bundle, but a young girl plunging nine stories to the sidewalk. She hit with a sickening thud. People started screaming. 
More men and women began jumping out of the window, trading a painful, fiery death for quick extinction. Within 10 minutes, 54 broken bodies lay dead on the sidewalk. By 5:15 the fire brigades had gotten the entire fire under control. By 6:10 the fire was completely out. 146 people died. 123 women and 23 men. 
The next day word of the tragedy screamed from newspaper headlines across the nation. As Americans read the personal stories of the girls that were incinerated in a fire that could have been prevented with better workplace conditions, attitudes began to change. The young workers that perished in the fire and leapt to their deaths were not being looked upon as aliens from other countries unable to adapt to the American way of life, but as poor, hardworking immigrants scraping to create their American dream. The outsiders were now being embraced, as were the ideas of safer working places and fairer wages. 
The city declared an official day of mourning on Wednesday, April 5, 1911. It was a cold, depressing day marked by a continuous downpour. A funeral procession wound through the city streets. Black was the color of the day – black suits, black derbies, black bunting on buildings, black umbrellas. Over 100,000 New Yorkers marched with the coffins through the Manhattan neighborhoods. Another quarter of a million people lined the route to witness the procession and express their solidarity with the immigrant labor community. Until another devastating disaster 90 years later, those 350,000 people would represent the single greatest public outpouring of pain and anguish the citizens of New York would ever demonstrate.


CHAPTER 26

For the men who gathered at the Astor mansion, the Triangle fire was tragic, but also familiar. As captains of industry, they all had accidents happen to their workers. And they too were blamed like the owners of the Triangle Shirtwaist Company. But these men believed that if businesses were to thrive and jobs created, then certain risks must be taken. If tragedy strikes, sorrow should be expressed but never dwelt upon. These men’s vision was toward a new horizon. They moved forward, played large, created empires. That’s why they came to Astor’s, to hear of a new empire to be built. 
The Astor library was festooned for the occasion. Four rows of plush leather chairs were arranged in a semi-circle that faced a single lectern, which stood next to a table that was covered by a red silk spread. A large American flag loomed behind the lectern. 
Astor and Vanderbilt entered the room and circulated quickly, greeting the assembled guests with gracious hellos and earnest handshakes. When Astor spotted Archie, he saluted. “Good to see that you made it, Major Butt. I read about your promotion. Congratulations.” 
“Thank you for inviting me, Colonel,” Archie said, as non-committal as possible. Then Astor saluted again and Archie reluctantly saluted back. 
The men found their way to seats and quieted, waiting for the presentation. Archie settled into a chair in the last row to be as anonymous as possible. Vanderbilt walked behind the lectern while Astor positioned himself to the side of the large covered table. “Gentlemen, thank you all for coming,” Vanderbilt began. “I can say without understatement that this evening you will hear the most ambitious, innovative, and promising undertaking America has seen since the great Transcontinental Railroad was completed some 40 years ago. The fact that we have two great railroad men with us tonight, Mr. Thayer and Mr. Hays, is a testament to the magnitude of our project.” Vanderbilt gestured to Hays and Thayer, who waved.
“Gentlemen,” Vanderbilt started formally again. “Colonel Astor and I have peered into our great country’s future and asked how we can make it even greater. Realizing we are not politicians…thank goodness…we, as builders and businessmen, pondered how to reignite American’s great capitalist engine. We studied the old to determine what was needed for this new century. We concluded that despite America’s great capability to produce goods, the distribution of products suffers because of a haphazard commerce infrastructure. It’s as if we live in the greatest mansion ever built but the pipes that deliver our water are antiquated and could burst anytime.
“If,” Vanderbilt struck the lectern with his open palm, beginning to hit a passionate stride, “we would have a more efficient commercial distribution system, America’s wealth would grow even greater than that of the last century. Gentlemen, this is the next great frontier in American business. Commerce in America is virgin territory, waiting for visionary businessmen like…well, like all of you, to bring it into being.
“And so, gentlemen, Colonel Astor and I have carefully and scientifically designed a schematic for a completely new American commerce network that will be faster, cheaper and, for its owners, more profitable than any system now in existence.” 
Vanderbilt was sounding more like P.T. Barnum than a moneyed aristocrat. He swept his arm toward Astor and announced: “Gentlemen, I present…The Plan!” Astor climactically pulled the red silk spread from the table to reveal a complete clay model of a commerce center down to every exacting detail – the bridges, the roads, the depots, the power plants, the streetcars; there were even little clay figurines of workers loading and unloading goods at a dock along a river. 
“Our plan,” Vanderbilt continued, “is to create commerce centers in strategic areas around the country. By building such a network, we will become the obvious choice for any business that wishes to transport goods. If our projections are correct, our commerce network will become the prevailing artery through which the commercial economy of the United States will flow.”
Vanderbilt looked over the faces of the men and could see they were captivated. He wasted no time in getting down to details: “Thirty self-sufficient commerce centers, gentlemen, including eight regional hub centers costing approximately 45 million dollars each to build. Most people would say it is an absolutely impossible task. But with the skills and the resources of the brilliant men assembled here, I know that this plan, far from being impossible, will become a reality.”
Vanderbilt stopped to catch his breath. Benjamin Guggenheim shouted out, “Here, here,” and then a cascade of “here, here’s” swept through the room. Though not joining the outpouring of enthusiasm, Archie was surprised by what Vanderbilt presented. He had expected some grand investment scheme that would add to the wealth of the rich investors but hardly benefit anyone else. But this was something different, original, something that could actually be beneficial to the nation. Archie got so caught up in the excitement, he momentarily forgot that his purpose in coming was to ascertain if Astor had some sort of relationship with Mick.
Vanderbilt held up his hands for quiet. “Thank you, gentlemen, thank you. Now, if I might take you along a little geographic excursion.” He nodded to Astor who went to the front of the library where he pulled a cord that brought down a large relief map of the United States. 
“The centers are real, gentlemen. The Plan is in the first stage of development,” Vanderbilt trumpeted. “Preliminary agreements to buy the land for our commerce centers are in place. To date, John Astor and I have made down payments on land here,” Vanderbilt walked to the map and with a long pointer, touched an area just south of Chicago. Astor stuck in a large red tack on the spot. Then Vanderbilt pointed to another spot and Astor added another tack “and here…” With each new location of a commerce center marked, the men in the room caught the enthusiasm. Vanderbilt’s voice rose, “and here…and here…And Here…And HERE!!…AND HERE!!!”
The map became dotted with tacks from coast to coast. The assembled tycoons jumped to their feet, shouting their approval. The ovation was overwhelming. After a long, glorious minute, Vanderbilt held up his hands to quiet the enthusiastic businessmen. The men would not quiet though; they were stamping their feet, continuing to holler and applaud. Vanderbilt turned to Astor. Both men’s faces were flush with happiness. Tears of joy began welling in Astor’s eyes. Vanderbilt walked to Astor, took his hand, held it up triumphantly and both basked in the glory of the moment.

Archie caught the 11:30 train from Penn Station back to Washington D.C. He took a window seat in a rail car that had only seven other passengers. The train clattered away from New York and the glittering lights of the city faded quickly, replaced by an inky darkness and the odor of rotting reeds that rose from the New Jersey swamps. Archie shut his eyes, leaned his head back, and prepared to fall into his usual deep, easy sleep. But easy sleep didn’t come. Instead, his mind jumped with flickering images like a matinee at the movie show. He saw himself dining at the Metropolitan Club of Washington. He was holding court with Senators and Congressmen, charming the powerful men as he usually did. He was not in his Army uniform, but in a striking gabardine suit. In his half dream, Archie was daring to step into the role of a wealthy Washington power broker, playing politics not as a loyal soldier to Taft or Roosevelt, but for his own benefit.
His mind wandered into a tributary. A successful man would need a home. Maybe two. One in Georgetown and another in Augusta. And the house would need a family. A wife. He would marry. The face of Belle da Costa Greene floated before his mind’s eye. Archie shuddered. Just the thought of her sent the familiar electric jolt through his body. But Belle as a wife? His wife? No, it wasn’t Belle’s image by his side at the marriage altar. That was taken by a different woman. But his bride’s face didn’t make itself clear, though Archie could feel her presence next to him. Her essence was that of a vast ocean, a sea of love in which he floated through the gentle currents. Archie felt her arms around him. He could smell the salty scent of her soft skin and could feel her moist lips on his forehead. Her hands tilted his head against her breast and she gently rocked him into the sweetest of sleeps with a blissful, eternal, loving, embrace.


CHAPTER 27

Three weeks after their triumphant meeting at Astor’s home, George Vanderbilt and John Astor were in the west wing of the Morgan library recreating their presentation for an audience of one: J. Pierpont Morgan. As before, Vanderbilt talked passionately about the commerce centers and how they would reignite America’s economy. As before, Astor stood to one side of a large table and at the appropriate time unveiled the model of a commerce center. There was a tripod at the side of the model on which Astor placed display boards detailing the estimated costs, profits, construction outlays, timetables, workforce size and finally the strategic locations that had been secured. 
It was the same exact presentation they did before, with one difference – Astor unveiled one last display board that listed the names of the prominent people who had been at the first meeting: Frick, Guggenheim, Straus, Roebling, Widener, Hays, Thayer, Butt.
“Well, gentlemen, it appears you have accomplished much since we last met,” Morgan said. “That is an impressive group of men. And all of them have committed to your project?”
Vanderbilt paused. Morgan had misinterpreted the list. He was about to tell Morgan the men had not committed but expressed enthusiastic interest when Astor spoke up, “Yes, they’re all committed.” 
“You deserve congratulations, Mr. Astor. But…” Morgan blew cigar smoke into the air. “I still have reservations.”
Vanderbilt tried to hide his disappointment. “And what may they be, Mr. Morgan?”
“For one, government intervention. The government could care less about what we businessmen do ‘for the good of the country.’ They believe we’re all greedy bastards who would sell our grandmothers if there’s profit to be made.”
“But we have a representative of the government on our team,” Astor said. 
Morgan stroked his chin. “Major Butt?”
“That’s right,” Astor smiled. “And he has influence beyond measure with the President.”
“And Major Butt is fully committed to the project?”
“Yes,” Astor answered with a boldfaced lie. “Major Butt is absolutely on board.”
Morgan reached across his desk to a mahogany box and pushed its buzzer. Within moments the light clicking of a woman’s heels was heard outside the door. Then a knock. “Yes, come in,” said Morgan, his gaze on Vanderbilt and Astor as they watched Belle step into the ornate office. “Gentlemen, this is my librarian, Belle da Costa Greene.”
Vanderbilt nodded politely. Astor wasn’t as circumspect. “Well, I must say you do live up to your reputation for beauty, Miss Greene.” 
“And you for social grace, Mr. Astor,” Belle shot back with more than a hint of sarcasm. 
“Belle, I have a question,” Morgan said. “You’ve spent a little time with Taft’s military aide, Archie Butt, haven’t you?”
“A bit,” Belle said, noticing Archie’s name along with others listed on the board. “We had an interesting walk through the Washington Mall some time back.”
“What would you say about the quality of his character?” Morgan queried.
“Loyal. A very loyal soldier. That’s the sense I got of him.”
“And did you have a sense of his influence with the President?”
“I believe he is Taft’s closest confidant. The President depends on him greatly.”
“Thank you, Belle. That’s all I wanted to know.” Belle nodded politely then quickly left the room. 
“Gentlemen,” Morgan said, abruptly reaching out to shake both Astor’s and Vanderbilt’s hand. “Let me study your proposal more. I will say that I have been favorably impressed by your diligent work and you will hear from me shortly.”

* * *

Archie’s phone rang at his office that afternoon. It was Belle. She was friendly, overly so. She said she needed to see him as soon as possible. Despite his weakness for her, Archie was reluctant. “See me about what?” 
“Can’t we have a little mystery in our relationship, Major?” Belle said flirtatiously.
“I’m a busy man, Miss Greene, and I don’t have time for games of any sort.”
“This is no game,” Belle answered, growing serious, “it’s an important matter. I believe it would be in your benefit to spend an evening with me in New York.”
“I need a better reason than that to come to New York,” Archie answered.
“Mick Shaughnessy,” Belle said, dropping the hook in the water. “There are things you don’t know about your friend.”
“Perhaps it’s best those things remain unknown,” Archie answered.
“You don’t want to solve the mystery of his death?” Belle continued to dangle the bait.
“There are many mysteries I’d like to solve, Miss Greene. One is why I allow myself to be tempted by you.”
“Because you know that temptation may lead to something wonderful.”
“Will it, Miss Greene?” 
“In your case, Archie, I believe it will.” 
He could only sigh, resigned. “Where and when? ”
“Wednesday. We’ll start with drinks. I promise I’ll be on my best behavior.” 
“I hope so. For both of our sakes, I hope so.”


CHAPTER 28

Near the corner of Fifth Avenue on the northern edge of Greenwich Village, stood the Brevoort Hotel. The Brevoort’s dark, smoky cellar café was the center of the Village’s bohemian life. It vibrated with the chaotic energy of sex, politics and combat. The conflicts were usually fueled by alcohol and the combatants were anarchists and intellectuals who would scream and argue about their latest manifestoes before falling into each other’s arms and having another drink together. 
Archie perused the raucous café. Having ventured into the heart of bohemia once before, the bacchanalian scene lost its shock value. He spotted Belle waving to him from a corner table. She looked more ravishing than usual in a shimmering red silk dress that hugged her body. 
“Archie!” Belle said, rising as he approached. “I suppose we must label this our first secret rendezvous.” She held her hand out for Archie to kiss in his gallant Southern manner. He shook it. “So serious, Major?” 
“Yes. So serious.” Archie pulled out a chair opposite her. 
“I’m having a champagne cocktail. I’ve ordered you one as well.” 
“I prefer coffee.” 
“Don’t be such a wet blanket,” Belle chided like a stern mother. Then she laughed. “Oh Archie, if you only knew.”
“Knew what?” 
Belle took Archie’s right hand between hers. She started gently rolling it like a kindling twig that she was trying to smolder into a fire. “Just knew,” she said in her low, sensual voice. He took his hand back. The drinks arrived and she lifted her glass. “Here’s to you, Archie, for venturing to the wilds of Greenwich Village.” She clicked his glass and took a sip. He let his champagne stay on the table. 
“Miss Greene, you asked me here for a reason and I would like to know what it is.”
“I need a handsome man to escort me to a party this evening.”
“You’re joking.”
“Not at all.”
“You thought I would come all the way to New York to go to a silly party with you?!”
“Of course not. That’s why I didn’t tell you. But it’s a party that I think will interest you. In fact, I believe many of the answers you’re seeking are there. And I thought it would be a good way for us to get to know each other better. Maybe even have some fun.” 
Archie sighed. “Miss Greene, you may well be the death of me yet.”
“No, that’s not my intention at all,” Belle smiled.

They walked less than 100 yards from the Brevoort to a stately old mansion that graced the northern edge of Washington Square. The elegant building was a reminder of Greenwich Village’s refined past. Belle slipped her arm under Archie’s as they entered the mansion and climbed the blue-carpeted stairway. A din of voices poured from the penthouse apartment, sending Archie’s thoughts back to his adventure with Mick at the Liberal Club. But this room turned out to be different. It was not a hot, sweaty meeting hall filled with grimy radicals; rather, it was the sort of room Archie was most comfortable in – a bourgeois salon. The walls were ivory white; the Italian furniture was finely crafted. Large green vases filled with bouquets of colorful flowers were scattered throughout the room to add to the room’s elegance. 
The crowd was different too. There were the anarchists – Emma Goldman and Max Eastwood among others – but Archie recognized a number of famous artists and writers who were there as well. His favorite poet, Edward Arlington Robinson, was talking with the writer Sinclair Lewis. Well-dressed Negroes, loud and boisterous, caught Archie’s attention, as did a young piano player with a bush of wild red hair who was banging out a Chopin mazurka and looking frustrated that no one was paying attention to his showy mastery of the music.
“I’ll introduce you to the hostess,” Belle said, leading Archie to a dark haired woman with a plain face and ample figure. She sat sphinx-like on a green divan, watching the wild menagerie of people with a blank smile fixed on her face.
“Archie, I’d like you to meet...”
“Hello,” the hostess said in a flat monotone before Belle could finish the introduction. A handsome young man then slid behind the hostess and kissed her neck, causing her to turn away.
“Short attention span,” Archie whispered to Belle.
“Her latest lover,” Belle said about the young man who was now nibbling the hostess’s ear. “Some mad journalist who just got back from covering the revolution in Mexico. He supposedly rode with Pancho Villa.”
“Hmmm,” Archie hummed, unimpressed.
“Belle,” a voice called. Archie turned to see Emma Goldman clumping toward them, smiling like a kindly, middle-aged aunt. “I had no idea you were coming this evening, darling.” Emma kissed Belle on both cheeks then turned to Archie and looked him up and down. Archie bristled at being given the once over by America’s most dangerous anarchist. 
“Emma,” she said and held out her hand.
“Archie,” he replied, feeling Emma’s firm grip. 
“I haven’t seen you before, Archie. New in town?”
“He’s from Georgia,” Belle interrupted.
“Ah, the South. I’ve never had the pleasure of visiting there, fearing that as a Jew and anarchist I would probably be lynched within a day of crossing the Mason-Dixon Line.”
“You’re being unfair,” Archie replied. “The South is as highly cultured as anywhere in the United States. It has an unfortunate past which many of us Southerners are trying to ameliorate.”
“Here, here, Archie,” Emma said approvingly. “So I take it you are a fellow traveler in the cause?”
“I believe in justice for all men, if that’s what you mean, Miss Goldman.”
“Justice exclusively for men? Are we women to be left out?”
“Of course he’s for suffrage, Emma,” Belle interrupted in an attempt to rescue Archie.
“Are you for equal rights for women, Mr…?” Emma paused. “I didn’t get your last name, Archie.”
 “Emma, I am for what is best for all of us,” Archie said tactfully. “And in my case right now, it’s a refreshment. You’ll excuse Belle and me.”
Emma laughed. “You slipped out of that one nicely, Mr. Archie. You should be a politician.”
“Heaven forbid,” Archie said, taking Belle’s arm and walking away.

“She liked you, Archie,” Belle teased. “You’d better watch out. She’s notorious for seducing men.”
“Her?!” Archie glanced back at the short, manly looking anarchist who was now engaged in a conversation with the hostess’s journalist paramour.
“All I’m saying is be careful who you get in bed with.”
“You can trust I am always careful on that account, Miss Greene.”
“Hopefully not too careful,” Belle said coyly, letting her hand brush his. Archie felt that familiar jolt of electricity shoot through his body. 
“I’m here to find information about who killed Mick Shaughnessy. That is the only reason I came. It is something you assured me was here. I must ask you to reveal it now or, quite frankly, I should stop wasting my time and leave.”
“You’re free to leave,” Belle said. “But I think if you talked to some of the people here about your friend Mick you would probably find out more than what you might want to know.”
“Who? Who should I talk to?”
Belle looked around. “Well, just about anyone. They all knew him.” 
Emma began clinking a knife on the edge of crystal goblet. “Can I have your attention, please,” Emma’s voice boomed above the racket. “Quiet, please. We’re about to start our program now.” No one did quiet. The chatter continued until two small young women in plain dresses entered near the back of the apartment. They looked out of place in the stylish drawing room, like frightened deer that wandered into a banquet of hunters. Their awkward entrance drew people’s attention. By the time the two girls reached Emma, the entire room had fallen silent. 
“Friends,” Emma said gently. “Tonight we have two courageous young women who are here to relate a fight for survival which can inspire us all. I know you are all aware of the horrible tragedy of March 25. These girls are here to tell to us first hand of that tragic day at the Triangle Shirtwaist factory. This is the brave young organizer you’ve all heard about, Clara Lemlich.” Emma put her hands on Clara’s shoulders. “And this is her cousin, Dora Rosen, who survived the horrible fire and is here to bear witness for us.” 
Clara stepped forward first. She was accustomed to speaking before crowds and spoke with the authority of the righteous in her heavily accented English. “Comrades,” Clara shouted. “Zank you very much from the bottom of our hearts for havin’ us here and lettin’ us tell about our good friends who vasn’t able to make it ‘cause of the fire and how the struggle of us vorkin’ girls continues.” 
Everyone in the salon applauded. Clara introduced Dora, who looked uncomfortable having all the eyes focused on her. She started to speak. Her voice quavered. Her body trembled. She had to stop before she could even utter a full sentence. Clara draped a comforting arm over Dora’s shoulders, but Dora shook her away, determined to go on. She closed her eyes and began to relive that day. “It vas a beautiful afternoon and me and my friends vas just gettin’ off work.” In a slow, steady voice, with her eyes still closed, Dora began telling of how the fire started and how it spread to the ninth floor. “I vas near the cloakroom vhen I heard screamin’ and looked up to see Annie Colletti’s dress catch fire and she…” Two tears escaped from the corner of Dora’s closed eyes. She choked out her words. “…and she started burnin’ up…her dress, her hair. Then I saw all these girls and they vere pushin’ at the door but it vasn’t openin’, so I thought maybe to take the elevator ‘cause I knew I had to get outta there quickly. But vhen I ran to the elevator, there vas lotsa other girls and they vas pushin’ and shovin’ and runnin’ all over each other and tryin’ to squeeze in and the elevator operator vas sayin’ that it vas too full and he vas tryin’ to close the door and he looks at me and says ‘sorry, I’ll come back up and get you.’ But I knew he never vould ‘cause the fire vas gettin’ too big. So vhen the elevator started I looked down the shaft and saw it’s only maybe one floor down so I threw my coat into the shaft and it landed on top of the elevator then I jumped and landed on my coat and thanks to God by some miracle I vas still alive. But then I felt a heavy smash, like a big sack o’ potatoes and it’s another girl and she jumped down too and landed on top of me but it didn’t help her ‘cause she hit her head on the elevator cable and died. And then two more girls jumped and they landed on me and I felt my body breakin’ apart ‘cause my ribs were broke and that’s the last thing I remembered ‘til I woke up in the hospital room.”
Dora stopped and gulped a breath, leaving the horrific scene that was seared into her mind. She opened her eyes and saw a roomful of faces with tears pouring down their cheeks. “I vould now like to tell you the names of some of my friends who died in the fire so that their memory may live. Yetta Goldstein vas a gorgeous girl with long red hair and a pretty smile. Ve vould eat together lunch. Annie Colletti, oy, could that girl talk, chattered like magpie…sometimes I just vanted to tell her to shut up…but, oh, I so vish I could hear her voice now. And Sarah Brodsky, I vas to go to her veddin’ that vas to take place a veek ago. Yes, she vas to be married last Sunday. Instead, her sweetheart vas the one who identified her burned body by the gold ring he gave her. She vas buried on her veddin’ day.”
Dora trembled then broke down weeping. Clara embraced her. The people in the room rushed forward and surrounded the girls, giving them sympathetic hugs and slipping dollar bills into their skirt pockets. After a few moments, Clara stepped away and began singing. Emma joined in with her foghorn voice:
Arise, you prisoners of starvation!
Arise, you wretched of the earth!
For justice thunders condemnation:
A better world’s in birth!
It was The Internationale, the hymn of the worldwide workers movement. The singing rippled like a wave through the entire room – writers, painters, anarchists, rich bohemian women and their handsome young lovers, all were bonded by the sad tale of a completely ordinary girl who was made extraordinary by an ill-fated tragedy.
No more tradition’s chains shall bind us,
Arise you slaves, no more in thrall!
The earth shall rise on new foundations:
We have been naught, we shall be all!
The young pianist began banging the staunch melody out on the Steinway, which encouraged the voices to grow even stronger. As the song reverberated through the ornate salon, Archie noticed a large man hanging at the edge of the crowd, singing as heartily as the others. The man’s hair was parted in the middle and fell over his ears. The man looked familiar to Archie, but he couldn’t quite place him.
Tis the final conflict,
Let each stand in his place.
The Internationale
Unites the human race
	Then, as the man shook his head with his own passionate singing, his hair slid back to reveal his ears – prominent, jug ears. It hit Archie: the angular face, the hulking body, the ears that stuck out. Except in Archie’s memory the man had a large handlebar mustache. And it wasn’t just one man, but two. Twins. Archie remembered the concussive bursts of gunfire that lit up the subway tunnel. He recalled the features of the men’s faces. And, reverberating though his skull, he heard the horrible screech of metal and the sickening sight of a man crushed under the wheels of the subway car. 
Archie blinked and fixed his look on the man again. Yes, it was the second twin. The large man noticed Archie’s hard gaze and met it. He curled his lips upwards. To Archie it was a sinister grin, a mocking grin, a grin drenched in the blood of the twin’s brother and Mick Shaughnessy.  
Archie blanched.
So comrades, come rally,
And the last fight let us face.
The Internationale,
Unites the human race!!
The chorus of voices rose in a final, ragged burst of passion and then erupted in a tremendous cheer. Archie staggered away, lost. Belle pushed after him. “Archie, are you alright?” Archie could only shake his head. She took his hand. “Let’s get some air.”

They sat on a bench at the edge Washington Square. Silent. A night breeze slapped at their faces. 
“Cold?” Belle asked.
“No,” Archie answered.
“Good.”
They sat.
“Archie, what upset you so much?”
Archie didn’t answer. Minutes passed.
“Miss Greene,” Archie finally said. “I appreciate you bringing me here tonight. You were true to your word, I did find something valuable. But I’m curious. What was so pressing about me coming to New York? It wasn’t just for my benefit. You want something from me.”
“Yes,” Belle said and took his hand and held it. It wasn’t a romantic gesture, but more an affirmation of togetherness. “For some reason, I trust you. And you can trust me, Archie. Please. Trust me.”  
“I would like to, Miss Greene.”
Belle waited a moment, knowing she was about to test his trust. “I would like to know the nature of your association with John Astor and George Vanderbilt,” Belle asked delicately. 
Archie didn’t answer. How did she know about Astor and Vanderbilt? 
“It’s important I know, Archie. Not only for me, but also for you.”
“For me?” Archie’s voice began to rise. “And why is it so important for me? Why is your prying where you have no business important to me? You’ve befriended me for some reason, teased and tantalized me. If you really want to be honest and genuine, if you really are my friend, now is the time to speak up. What is the real truth here, Miss Greene?”
 “The real truth is that I am an ally,” Belle answered with a quiet but firm voice. “And at this point, all I can ask is that you trust me on that.”
“Give me a reason to trust you and I will.”
“You are in danger, Archie. You don’t even know the trouble you are stirring up. These people don’t play around.”
“What people, Miss Greene? Tell me. Give me names.”
Belle squeezed Archie’s hand. “Not now. It wouldn’t be wise.”
“Call me when it is wise. I don’t play around either.” Archie released Belle’s hand and stood up. “Goodnight, Miss Greene, and thank you for a stimulating evening.”

 
CHAPTER 29

Theodore Roosevelt’s house in Oyster Bay overlooked a long sloping lawn that rolled into a forest of pine and maple trees. Its large, rustic rooms were crowded with heavy furniture and filled with rugs, books, paintings, trophies, flags, rifles, animal skins, western sculpture and assorted bric-a-brac. The home had always overflowed with Roosevelt’s hardy vigor. In the spring of 1911 it felt like a mausoleum. The ex-President spent most of his time alone in his study, wavering between messianic visions of a triumphant return to power to moods of dark despair where he felt like a Cassandra in an American desert. As Taft once observed, Roosevelt needed a good fight to shake him up. 
Having good luck on his side for most of his life, luck found Theodore Roosevelt when he was at his lowest point. It came in the form of Congressional investigations launched by Democrats to discredit Republicans. A Kentucky Congressman named Augustus O. Stanley initiated a high profile investigation charging that the TC&I deal that was engineered by J. Pierpont Morgan to ostensibly end the Panic of 1907, was really a slick business maneuver that allowed Morgan’s U.S. Steel to gain control of the Tennessee Coal and Iron Company for pure financial gain. The congressman asserted that Roosevelt was bamboozled by robber barons. 
Roosevelt was indignant at the allegation. He contended it was more important to retain the stability of the markets than to stop what may or may not have been a shady merger. Roosevelt’s indignation turned to white fury when it was leaked that the Stanley Committee would subpoena the ex-President to publicly prove he was played the fool by Morgan. The great warrior finally had his fight. Roosevelt started calling old friends and rallying new ones to his cause. He began making speeches and writing opinion articles for newspapers and magazines. With his renewed energy and high profile, it was being whispered that Theodore Roosevelt was chomping at the bit to make one last charge to the Presidency.

* * *

In Washington, the White House was excited about one thing and one thing only: the cherry trees were blossoming. Mrs. Taft had new Japanese cherry trees planted the year before in the Capitol’s Tidal Basin and suddenly they were bursting out in bloom. The swaths of pink-tinged blossoms enthralled the entire city. “Even the President waked from his lethargy to show pleasure in them,” Archie wrote. Other than that brief moment of colorful brilliance, the mood in the Capitol was dark gray. Taft’s political fortunes were going from bad to worse. He appeared paralyzed as the world was disintegrating around him, and distressed by the rumblings that Roosevelt was preparing to make a run for the Republican nomination in 1912. 
With the pressures of his office closing in, Taft distracted himself by planning a grand party: the June celebration of his Silver Wedding anniversary to his beloved Nellie. It was to be the largest celebration to take place in the White House since Rutherford Hayes’s Silver anniversary party in 1877. Over eight thousand invitations were sent out. Six thousand people responded that they would attend. 

* * *

J. Pierpont Morgan traveled overseas in the spring of 1911. He spent the first leg of his trip sailing up the Egyptian Nile. From there he went to Europe to acquire paintings and medieval tapestries. His only bit of business was with J. Bruce Ismay, who was the managing director of International Mercantile Marine (IMM) and chairman of the White Star Line, companies Morgan owned and personally controlled, even in his retirement.
Despite Morgan’s apparent hesitancy to commit to Astor and Vanderbilt’s plan, it was always Morgan’s belief that those who controlled commerce, controlled business. His rambling speculation to Astor and Vanderbilt about commerce centers was not as spontaneous as it seemed. Controlling trade was always central to Morgan’s philosophy of how to build a complete business empire. He held a majority interest in several railroad firms and, in 1901, Morgan’s company purchased International Mercantile Marine. IMM was an English corporation that owned ships that crisscrossed the Atlantic carrying goods and passengers between Europe and America.
While the purchase made sense for Morgan’s vision of controlling Atlantic shipping lanes, cutthroat competition made IMM a continual money drain. Its White Star Line was always on the short end of a rivalry with the other English passenger line, Cunard. Despite White Star’s large money losses, Morgan was determined to make the company profitable. When Cunard received a low-interest loan from the British government to build sleek new luxury liners, Morgan approved an accelerated effort for White Star to build their own state-of-the-art luxury fleet. 
On May 31, 1911, Morgan and Ismay met in Belfast, Ireland, and took part in grand ceremonies that celebrated the launching of the hull of their second new luxury liner. Thousands of people gathered at the Harland and Wolff shipbuilding docks to witness the spectacle. It was a glorious spring day. There were fireworks, music, and then the launch into the water of the massive hull. Morgan vowed to return and sail on that ship’s maiden voyage, which was scheduled for the spring of 1912. As a marketing ploy, all White Star ships were to be “Olympic Class Liners” and end with –ic. Thus, the Olympic, the Majestic, and in the case of the new ship, the Titanic.


CHAPTER 30

When Archie arrived at his office precisely at 6:50 a.m. every morning, the President’s schedule was always waiting for him on his desk. On June 1, 1911, the schedule had Archie escorting Taft on a morning ride. Archie changed into his riding pants and boots then walked from his office, across the green expanse of the Ellipse, to the White House. The President was still in the breakfast room when he arrived.
“Good morning, Mr. President,” Archie chirped.
“Archie,” Taft said lethargically. “Why do you have to be so goddam chipper every morning?”
“Because it is a time of endless possibilities, sir. One of which is clearing our minds with a nice ride.”
“I’m not sure I’m up for a ride today,” groaned Taft, who seemed even more listless than usual.
“It’s a beautiful spring day, sir. I think a good gallop will do us some good.”
“Tell you what, Archie. You take a ride for us both then report the details back to me. Perhaps I can vicariously share the therapeutic value.”
“But sir…”
“That’s an order from your Commander-in-chief,” Taft said, smiling for the first time that day. 

The White House stables were located on the west lawn. It was once the hub of the entire White House complex, buzzing with the activity of coachmen, stable hands and grooms. In 1891 there were stalls for 25 horses, a carriage house, tack and harness rooms and a living area for the stable help. When Archie stepped into the stables on that June morning, only six horses remained along with two rarely used carriages. The handsome Victorian building was Archie’s favorite place in the White House. As a horseman, the smell of hay and horseshit were as sweet as the scent of any rose. He had to walk past Taft’s new passions – four gleaming steam powered automobiles – to get to his stallion, General Lee. The General was muscular and tall, sixteen hands high, with a chocolate brown coat highlighted by a perfect white diamond pattern that sat squarely on his forehead. He neighed at the sight of Archie, knowing he would soon get to run.
“It’s only us today, boy.” Archie said, coming into the stall and patting the General on his rump. “Could be fun, huh? Stretch ourselves a bit.” Archie slipped the horse an apple then saddled him up.

Washington D.C. was still honeycombed with riding trails in 1911. During the Roosevelt years, the President and his entourage could be seen almost daily, galloping exuberantly around the capitol. When Archie joined the White House staff, the rides became even more energetic and competitive. Archie and Roosevelt would race through Washington, both hooting and hollering like teenaged boys on a carefree adventure. Archie would usually let Roosevelt reach the White House grounds first, giving the President a victory.
 Riding with Taft was more often an easy saunter. Archie would lead through the gentler trails around Washington while the President talked politics and problems rather than indulging in a vigorous ride. Archie believed the way the two Presidents rode was the way they governed.
Without Taft, Archie crossed the Potomac and headed toward the woodlands on the far side of the river. While the dark clouds of a storm could be seen in the distance, it was perfect weather where Archie was riding. He took a deep breath and drew in the dry, woodsy smell of the trail. At that moment, Archie thought of his mother. It had been over a year and a half since she died, but somehow the dusty scent of this horse trail snapped her to life in his mind. He could see her clearly – her silky, ivory hair; her translucent skin that blushed ever so slightly at the cheekbones; and those eyes, those green eyes that seemed inlaid over pearl. A rush of deep love flooded through him. But his mind was too restless to stay in that pool of contentment. As his mother’s green eyes floated before him, another face appeared and took the place of his mother’s. It was the first time he realized that his mother shared the same exotic eyes of jade green with Belle da Costa Greene. Archie’s body stiffened with the unsettled feeling that always occurred around Belle.
“Major,” a voice floated from behind. He absently turned and saw a man astride  an enormous horse some twenty lengths down the trail. The man was backlit by the sun, blurred in the brightness. Archie’s senses came rushing back to the present. He eyed the silhouette. It appeared as a hulking frame, slightly hunched in a posture that was sloth-like and menacing. Though he couldn’t make out the man’s features in the harsh glare, Archie caught the outline of his face – and his ears: distinctive, protruding ears that stuck out like jug handles. 
“I have something for you,” the man called. An instinctive dread shuddered through Archie. He cracked his riding whip, snapping it on the General’s right haunch. The horse bolted. Archie arched forward, his hands slid along the leather reins to find a steady grip. The General charged up a small hill. Archie looked back to see the man snapping the reins and setting his giant horse into a furious gallop.
The trail hugged the fast moving waters of the Potomac on one side and the lush Virginia woods on the other. No place to get away. Archie smacked the General on his rump again and tried to put some space between the two. It wasn’t working. The horse that carried his pursuer was a monster, stretching out with enormous strides, chewing up ground between them.
“Come on, General!” Archie yelled, urging his horse on. He looked back to see the man gain with every stride. Archie was shocked. It seemed his horse was standing still. The General could sense it too; there had never been a horse that could keep up, much less overtake him.
The hoof beats behind Archie slammed down and seemed to shake the ground. Archie knew it would be only moments before he was caught. He certainly couldn’t escape into the Potomac. Perhaps the woods? But there was only dense shrubbery and a thicket of trees. The colossal horse pounded its way beside the General. 
“Major, pull your horse up. Now!” the man demanded. 
Instead, Archie lashed out with his riding whip, catching the large man across the face. Blood trickled along the man’s cheek. Archie smacked the General one more time, exhorting him to pull away. And the horse did, pounding forward at Archie’s urging. 
Archie looked back. He saw the man slap his open palm into his horse’s hindquarters. The horse let out an astonished cry – he had never felt such a sting before; no need, he was so much faster than other horses.
Despite his momentary triumph, Archie realized that his pursuer would be on him in a quick moment. He tugged the reins to the right. The General glanced at a hedge of sharp-thorn blackberry vines. No path there. Archie jerked the reins again. In full gallop the horse sized up the hedge and when he saw a small opening, veered hard right. Archie pressed his body low. The General bound into the air, clearing the hedge and racing into the woods. 
There was no path. The General picked his way through the thick undergrowth of brambles until he ran into steep ravine. A dead end. Archie tugged the reins, trying to get his horse to climb a hill along the edge of the ravine. “Come on, General,” Archie urged and snapped the reins. The horse started the ascent, stepping carefully, his legs being scratched to the bone by sharp branches and thorny vines. Archie looked back for any sign of his pursuer. Nothing – no sight or sound of him. 
The crest of the hill lay before Archie. He pushed his horse through a high hedge of bushes then into a clearing. What spread below startled him. It was a quiet and peaceful valley. Over the valley’s green, undulating hills were long rows of somber marble markers standing in perfect, eternal formation. Archie had stumbled onto Arlington Cemetery.
Thunder cracked. The storm was approaching. The brush rustled behind them. The wind? A deer? Their pursuer? Archie snapped the General’s reins and off they sped, down the hill and into the heart of the cemetery. It was a striking scene: a lone soldier astride a galloping steed, racing between the silent rows of dead soldiers and through the stands of oak and dogwood trees that dotted the cemetery. 
Archie caught sight of a white marble mansion sitting like a genteel apparition in the middle of the cemetery. He knew what it was – the old Custis house, the original structure on the grounds, the home of Robert E. Lee. He guided the General up to it. An old Negro groundskeeper was planting a bed of flowers off to the side of the house. The groundskeeper had stopped his work to watch Archie gallop through the cemetery and was surprised when he rode up. 
“Hello,” Archie said.
“You part of some funeral?” the groundskeeper responded, as that was the only time he saw horses and riders in the cemetery now.
“No, ” Archie said while glancing back. There was no one following him, no other horseman in sight.
“How can I help you then?” the man asked.
“I don’t think you can,” Archie smiled. “But thank you.”
“Are you lookin’ for someone?”
Archie shook his head. “No. I’m not looking for anyone.” Then Archie stopped. Perhaps he was looking for someone. Perhaps it was providence that drew him here. He began to wonder if he actually was being chased, if his pursuer wasn’t an odd figment of his imagination. 
“How can I locate a soldier’s grave?” Archie asked.
“Then you are lookin’ for someone?” the groundskeeper replied, confused over Archie’s confusion.
“I suppose maybe I am.”
“Inside,” the groundskeeper said, pointing to the Custis house. “They have everybody’s name in there and where they be a-restin’.”
“Thank you, sir,” Archie said and dismounted.

Inside the Custis House Archie got a map of the cemetery that marked his destination: Section 21, Site 357. Archie tied the General to a hitching post at the old mansion and started his journey. He strolled over a small hill and onto a flat plain that was dotted with white stone markers. The cemetery was less manicured on its outskirts. The graves were spread further apart. In the distance Archie saw a tall Corinthian column, the landmark he was looking for. The column reached some 50 feet into the now darkening sky. It was topped by a globe of granite on which was perched a bronze eagle, its wings spread as if it was about to take flight. Archie grew unexpectedly emotional as he approached, then read the inscription on the base of the pillar:

TO THE SOLDIERS AND SAILORS
OF THE UNITED STATES
WHO GAVE THEIR LIVES FOR THEIR COUNTRY
IN THE WAR 1898-99 WITH SPAIN
THIS MONUMENT IS DEDICATED
IN SORROW GRATITUDE AND PRIDE
BY THE NATIONAL SOCIETY
OF THE COLONIAL DAMES
OF AMERICA
IN THE NAME OF ALL
THE WOMEN OF THE NATION
1902

Section 21, Site 357. Archie paced through the rows, counting them off: one…two…three…four. It was like learning to march in Army training camp. One…two…three…four…  Who among these men lying here did I march with? He was only certain about one. His legs grew heavy, his back stiffened as he walked to the grave at site 357. The simple marker read:
Michael Augustus Shaughnessy
Corporal
Spanish War
August 18, 1873
October 12, 1909
Archie toed Mick’s grave, making contact, but careful not to put his full boot on the plot, lest he somehow step on his friend. Archie bowed his head. “Mick,” he muttered quietly. “Mick…” But no words came after. Nor were there any solemn thoughts or profound revelations. He focused on the blades of new grass that were filling the yellow edges of the grave. He felt oddly empty. Archie had said his goodbye, held Mick’s dying body in his arms. He wanted to say out loud: “Who killed you?” “What secrets did you keep?” “What were you protecting?” “Who hated you so much?” He wanted to ask all those questions but didn’t, knowing no answer would come from the bones beneath the Arlington earth.
“Why?” he finally said softly. “Why?”
“Because he was a traitor,” came the answer, hard and direct. Archie froze. He was afraid to look up but knew he had to. When he lifted his eyes he saw the large, hulking man looming like a dark specter over Mick’s marble marker. A deep gash oozing blood, the wound caused by Archie’s riding whip, curved like a crescent moon from the man’s cheek bone to his chin, giving him an even more sinister appearance.
“It’s what happens to double-crossers,” the man said matter-of-factly.
“And just whom did he double-cross?” 
“Who didn’t he double-cross?” the man scoffed.
“And that’s why you killed him?”
“You got that wrong, Major, I didn’t kill anyone. That was never our intention.”
“It sure seemed like that in the subway.”
“He shot first. We were just protecting ourselves.”
“You were pursuing him. For what reason?” Archie demanded.
“I told you. He was a traitor. We had a warrant for him.” The man reached into his coat pocket and pulled out a thin black wallet then flipped it open. Inside was a badge that was all too familiar to Archie. “Federal Officer, Department of Justice,” the man said. Archie glimpsed the name below the badge: Inspector Edwin Wheeler. “Michael Shaughnessy was breaking the law. He was a traitor who was providing confidential information to enemies of the United States. We were to take him into custody, not to kill him.”
“Then who did kill him?”
Wheeler shrugged. “My guess? The anarchists. They hate traitors and spies as much as we do. Once they got all their worth from him…” Wheeler drew his finger across his throat, screeching a guttural slash for added emphasis. “Emma Goldman, Bill Haywood and their lot are dangerous people. They present a good-hearted front, talking about the brotherhood of man and all. But don’t be fooled, they’ll stick a knife in your heart and tell you it’s for the good of the masses. Don’t be mucking with them, Major, it’s not worth it. If you do, you might find yourself right here,” Wheeler gestured to an empty space by the grave. “Right next to your good friend Mick.”
Archie shook with anger. “Why should I believe you? What proof do you have of all this?”
“You should believe me because it would be in your interest to. As far as proof…” Wheeler pulled a thin envelope from his pocket. He held it over Mick’s grave then dropped it, letting it flutter toward the ground like an autumn leaf. Before the envelope landed on the grass, Wheeler sauntered away. Archie watched him disappear over a hill then bent and picked up the envelope. It was already slit opened. Archie shook out its contents. It was a photograph of Mick. He was dressed in worn dungarees and a sweater. His long hair flowed onto his shoulders and he wore an ear-to-ear grin. A woman was kissing his cheek. Archie recognized her immediately: Emma Goldman. Archie studied the picture for some evidence of the treachery Mick was accused of. There was none – just a kiss. Archie fiddled the picture through his fingers, then noticed an inscription on the back: To MS -- Your service to the cause has been invaluable. Long live our revolution! Emma
  Archie lowered the photographed and gazed at the gravestone. He squatted to touch the cool grass. “What were you, Mick? A patriot or a traitor?” He didn’t expect an answer and was startled when a lightning bolt flashed above him, followed by a tremendous clap of thunder, then raindrops.


CHAPTER 31

The journey from Manhattan to Ossining, New York is 30 miles. The train route winds north through the tangled streets of the Bronx and Yonkers then hugs the Hudson River, moving through Dobbs Ferry and Sleepy Hollow. In the late spring, the banks of the Hudson are lined with meadows of long grass mixed with purple loosestrife, pale jewelweed and evening primrose.
For young Henry Kosinski, the sights outside his railcar window were a revelation. Henry had never traveled beyond the borders of New York City. His entire world consisted of the squalid back streets of Bandit’s Roost near Five Points and the rough alleys of the Bend off Mulberry Street. Born in a foul back bedroom of a Brooklyn brothel, Henry was left on the front steps of the Sisters of Charity of Saint Vincent de Paul orphanage on the sixth day of his life. He suffered through nine miserable years at the Five Points House of Industry – small, scrawny, picked upon – until one week short of his tenth birthday he slipped through a third story window of the boys dormitory and shimmied down a makeshift rope he twined in an arts-and-crafts class. He found his freedom on the streets, stealing food to eat and spreading a nest of oily rags to sleep on. A major nature excursion for Henry was to the wilds of Central Park. 
Seeing the vast expanse of the Hudson Valley and the lush river shore, Henry could barely contain his excitement. The sunlight was unimaginably bright; the panorama of vivid green reminded him of the resplendent field of emerald felt hats he would see marching down Broadway on St. Patrick’s Day. 
When the day started he was in his dungeon cell in the 23rd Precinct jail. He had lost faith. He had not heard from another soul in months – not a lawyer, not a judge, not even his interrogator who had grilled him for days on end after he was taken into custody. The one person he put his faith in, Captain Butt, had never returned. Eating his morning mush, the last thing Henry could have imagined was being on an afternoon train headed north.
But there he was, in a railcar with his face glued to the window, watching the late afternoon sun send a curtain of light over the landscape. Everything was so new, so exotic, so outside his realm of experience. He was used to a world that was gray and harsh; the world he now viewed was radiant. As much as he heard people talk about beauty and hope and goodness, he could never really comprehend such things, not even when he was with Mick. Now, perhaps, there was hope. Perhaps he could emerge from the darkness where he had existed for so long. 
The train turned from the shoreline into a tangled forest. The air, which was warm and fresh off the river, caught a chill. Henry snatched glimpses of the reddening sun through the foliage. Then the last beam of light disappeared, replaced by a frosty blue twilight. For the first time during the ride, Henry became aware of the shackles on his feet and the cold steel cuffs binding his hands.
The trees of the forest began to thin. In the murky dusk, Henry could only make out shapes – high walls and block fortress bunkers. It appeared the train was coming to some old, crumbling castle. The locomotive rumbled between two brick towers and slowed. There was a blinding light ahead. It lit up a weatherworn tin sign that announced the stop, Henry’s stop: “Sing Sing.”

* * *

“Hello, Emma,” Archie said over the telephone. “This is Archie Davis. A friend of Belle da Costa Greene. We met at the salon last month. Do your remember me?”
“Of course I remember you, Archie. Tall, charming and a staunch defender of the old South.”
“Of old Southern ways, not its prejudices.”
“They’re different?” Emma teased. Archie was in no mood to joust, friendly or not.
 “I need to see you,” Archie said.
“Well, my door is always open to those in need, Archie. When would you like to visit?”
“As soon as possible. It is of the utmost importance.”
“I’m free tonight. Say, 7:30?” 
“It needs to be just you and me. It concerns a serious matter. No other friends of yours.”
“Of course, Archie. Just you and me.”
The 1:15 train from Washington pulled into Grand Central Concourse at 6:48. By 7:30 p.m. Archie was standing outside 210 East Thirteenth Street, on the edge of Greenwich Village. The sun had not yet set and the New York streets were burnished in shimmering ochre light. Archie was getting comfortable in this part of the city; it offered a unique flavor of life that oddly attracted him. 
Emma’s apartment was on the third floor. He rang the doorbell and rehearsed what he would say. When the door opened Archie was surprised to see Emma dressed far more casually than usual. Gone were the dowdy dress and thick clumsy shoes, replaced by a loose skirt and a clingy white shirtwaist with its top three buttons casually undone. 
“Mr. Davis,” Emma said, smiling warmly. “So good to see you again. Do come in.”
Archie entered the small apartment. He somehow assumed that the living quarters of an anarchist would be a wild, disheveled place strewn with papers, pamphlets and books. It turned out to be a respectably tidy room, modestly kept with several worn, overstuffed chairs, a low sofa and a coffee table. 
“Let me take your coat, Mr. Davis,” Emma said, already slipping his coat from his shoulders. “Hmmm, you’re quite solid. You must do manual labor.”
“I do a variety of things, Miss Goldman,” Archie said guardedly.
“Do make yourself comfortable.” Emma gestured for Archie to sit on the sofa. He noticed a decanter of bourbon and two glasses placed in the center of the coffee table. Emma eased onto the sofa next to Archie and began pouring two generous shots of the bright golden liquid.
“As you are a Southern gentleman, I made the assumption that you like Jim Beam.”
“One of my favorites, Miss Goldman, but…”
“Call me, Emma, please.” She handed him his drink and clinked her glass to his. “Cheers.” Emma took a sip. Archie put his drink back down on the table. “Miss Goldman…”
“Emma.”
“Emma, while your hospitality is certainly appreciated, I came to discuss a subject of utmost gravity.”
“Of course you did. Do you like literature, Major?” Emma put her hand on his leg.
Archie started to answer when he realized that Emma had referred to him by rank. He slid to the far side of the sofa. “Why did you call me ‘Major’?” 
“Slip of the tongue, I guess,” Emma said, and then let out a laugh. “Excuse me, Major Butt, I really wanted to indulge in the charade a little longer. It was so much fun.”
“You know who I am?”
“Oh, of course I do. It’s all the more delightful that Taft’s Military Aide would be calling on Emma Goldman, the most dangerous woman in America. Trust me, I don’t hold it against you. You seem to be a man of taste and intelligence. I like you very much Archie, despite the fact that you are the enemy. It’s my opinion that if we all communicated a little more, there’d be better understanding between us. I talk about that in my essays. Have you read any of them, Archie?” 
“I can’t say I have.”
“You should. I think I have one right here.” She began searching through a pile of books that sat on the edge of the coffee table. “I’ll even autograph it for you.”
“Miss Goldman…”
“Please, it’s ‘Emma.’  Oh, here it is!” She picked out a leather bound book. “And it’s a good one. Very informative. About freedom and liberty. If I’m not mistaken, that is what America is supposed to embody, yes?”
“Of course it is. But I’m not here to talk politics.”
Emma took Archie’s hand and brought it to her lap. “Oh, good, then we can have some fun.”
“Excuse me?!” 
“You can read about it in this book. It’s about one of the freedoms I believe in: free love. Monogamy is such a silly concept, and it so goes against our human nature.” Emma started rubbing Archie’s leg. “I like you, Archie. You’re very sensitive. But in a manly way. I think we should take it upon ourselves to bridge the gap between our camps. Let’s see if we can’t start a rapprochement in this country.” With that, Emma took Archie’s hand and slipped it under her unbuttoned blouse. Archie choked, feeling her heavy breast drooping in his hand. He snatched his hand back so forcefully it popped the thread of Emma’s next button, pulling her shirt open and exposing the one sad breast.
“Oh my god!” Archie blurted.
“Oh, come now, Major, you’ve seen a woman’s breast before…Haven’t you?”
Archie shot up from the sofa. He was red-faced and pouring perspiration. “Please, Miss Goldman, make yourself decent.” 
“I am decent,” Emma smirked, and then added, “Would you be reacting this way if it was Belle Greene’s tit hanging out?” Archie was dumbfounded. “Don’t think we don’t know,” Emma said as she tucked her breast back in and began buttoning her shirt. “But let me tell you something. The lovely Miss Greene who has you so bewitched, is a dangerous cobra. She’s not what she seems.” 
“I just want one bit of information,” Archie said, trying to act businesslike. “That’s the only reason I’m here, Miss Goldman.”
“Oh, yes, of course. You want to know if Mick Shaughnessy was giving us dangerous radicals secret information about the government.”
Archie was surprised again. “How did you know that?” 
“Oh Archie, I feel so badly for you. You’re four steps behind in a three step game.” Emma reached out and tenderly took his hand again. He tensed. “Don’t be afraid, I’m not going to rape you, though you should have made love to me when you had the opportunity. It would have increased your chances of survival.”
“Do you know who killed Mick Shaughnessy?”
“I don’t. But I know someone who does.”
“Who?” 
“He’s waiting for us at the Brevoort.”

The air in the Brevoort bar was thick with cigarette smoke. Archie pulled his hat low so not to be recognized, as if anyone in that crowd would. Emma led him through the tight maze of people toward a small table near a corner fireplace. When Archie caught sight of the man he was to meet, a panic shot through him. Hunched over a table, sitting in the murky darkness, was a hulking, oversized man. The only thing Archie couldn’t see was the man’s jug ears. 
Emma sensed Archie’s distress. “Don’t worry, Archie, he’ll be a perfect gentleman. He’s not as bad as you believe him to be.” Then the man lifted his head. Archie gasped. Peering up at him was a dead milky marble floating in an eye socket. The owner of the menacing glass eye had a look of contempt and made no move to greet his guests even as they edged to the table.
“Major Archie Butt,” Emma said. “May I introduce you to Bill Haywood.”
“Mr. Haywood,” Archie nodded, regaining his poise.
“Sit down,” Haywood sneered, then took a gulp of beer and dragged on his cigarette.
 “Perhaps you should offer our guest a drink, Bill,” Emma said while taking a seat.
“Why?” Haywood grunted.
“Because that’s what polite people do.”
Haywood let loose with a big belly laugh. “But I’m not polite, Emma. You know that.” Then Haywood glared at Archie. “What do you think, Butt? Should I be polite to you?”
“It doesn’t matter a whit to me one way or the other, Mr. Haywood.”
“You see, Emma, he doesn’t give a damn about politeness, so why should I? Fuck politeness,” Haywood shouted. “It’s a bourgeois pretension. If people didn’t put out so much bullshit the world would be a better place. What do you say to that, Butt?”
“I concur, Mr. Haywood.”
“Good. No bullshit from me then. So what do you want to know?”
“Emma said you knew who was behind the death of Mick Shaughnessy.”
Haywood leaned back in his chair and took another long drag, savoring the cigarette before blowing the smoke into the air. “Did you know that Mick Shaughnessy was a spy working for the government to infiltrate the progressive movement in America?”
“I didn’t know that initially,” Archie answered coolly. “But, yes, I found that out after his death. Was Mick Shaughnessy delivering government information to you?”
“Listen, Butt, what happened to your friend is the consequence of double-crossing honest people.” 
“Honest people don’t go around murdering other people.” 
‘Oh, but they do. Mick knew that. Despite the fact that he was a rat, he wasn’t stupid. I liked the guy, actually. It’s a shame what happened to him.”
“Did you have him killed, Mr. Haywood?”
“No, I did not.”
“But you know who did?” 
Haywood gulped the remainder of his drink. “That is correct.”
“Who then, Mr. Haywood, who killed Mick Shaughnessy?”
Haywood let loose with a snide sneer. “You didn’t think I would suddenly blurt it out to some government flunky? I mean, honestly Butt, what good would that do?”
Archie was confused and looked to Emma. She gently took his hand. “We would like you to help us get some information then we will help you.”
Archie flushed with anger. “You didn’t tell me this, Emma. I didn’t come to New York to bargain with anarchists.”
“If we all serve each other’s needs then we all can be happy,” Emma said, still caressing his hand. “That’s the way the world works.”
“Hate to interrupt this lovers quarrel, but let me spell out it for the Major,” Haywood jumped in. “We’ve got word that there’s some power play going on by a group of robber barons. Now the rich are always grabbing for power, that’s a given. The working people have it bad enough. I won’t let us be exploited any more than we are.”
“Forgive my cynicism, Mr. Haywood,” Archie weighed in, “but that sounds like the standard fear mongering you and your movement always use against the capitalist system. Which, I might add, provides the workingman with jobs and income.”
“Backbreaking jobs at a pittance of pay. If the bosses had their way slavery would still be legal. I mean, slavery provided jobs, you should know that, Butt.”
Archie shot up from his seat. “I’m sorry, Miss Goldman, but I can’t bear this nonsense any longer. Good evening.”
“Oh, sit down,” Haywood snapped. “You can’t be running off every time you hear a little challenge to your dearly held beliefs. We’re just having a difference of opinion. Don’t take it so personally. We still have business to discuss.”
“No, we don’t. Good evening, sir.” Archie turned away from the table, only to be grabbed on the scruff of his coat by Haywood’s giant hand.
“Sit down, Butt. We’re not done yet.”
Archie spun out of Haywood’s grip, turning right into the brutal glare of Haywood’s one good eye. “We need you to get us some information,” Haywood growled. “What’s true, what’s not true. You’re on the inside. We know that. Just poke around a bit and get back to us with the information.”
“You’re out of your mind, Mr. Haywood.”
Haywood broke into a huge grin as if Archie had just paid him the highest compliment possible. “That’s what they tell me. No matter, I always seem to get what I want.”
“Not this time. Good evening again.” Archie started away again when Haywood blithely dropped, “Sue Mann.” Archie stopped cold and turned back to Haywood. “You’ve been asking about her,” Haywood said.
“You know who she is?” Archie asked.
“As a matter of fact, I do. But for me to give you that information, I need to get the information we’re interested in from you. Fair deal.”
“You keep talking about a deal. What is the deal, Mr. Haywood? Will you tell me who killed Mick Shaughnessy?” 
“You will know who Sue Mann is, where to find her, and who is responsible for the death of Mick Shaughnessy. All of the above. You just have to help us a little bit.”
Archie looked at Emma and Haywood then slowly began shaking his head. “I’m sorry, but I don’t make deals with enemies of the United States.”
“A shame,” Haywood shrugged. “But let me make this clear: we are hardly enemies of the United States.” Haywood reached into his coat pocket and pulled out a folded broadside. He slid it across the table toward Archie. “This is a little token of our appreciation for coming to see us. We figured you might be a little hard to convince so we decided to give you a bit of the puzzle you’re trying to piece together. To show we’re serious.”   
Archie unfolded the cheaply printed broadside. It was for a lecture entitled America’s Great Challenge. The address at the bottom of the sheet said Marshall’s Hotel, 129 West 53rd Street. Haywood tugged an old engineer’s watch from his pocket, clicked it open, then said, “If you get there within the hour, you should discover something that will make this whole trip worthwhile.”
“I’m sorry, as I told you, I’m not interested in your proposal, Mr. Haywood.”
“Fine,” Haywood answered, then picked up the broadside and stuffed it into Archie’s coat pocket. “Go back to your clean, safe world, Butt. Ignorance is bliss. It would probably be too much for your system if you began to see who is really acting with honor and who is playing fast and loose with the truth.” 
“Good evening to both of you,” Archie said, taking a quick step away and scampering out of the bar. On the sidewalk he gulped a breath of fresh, cool air, flushing the café’s smoke from his lungs. He traipsed the two short blocks to the edge of Washington Square where several hansom cabs were lined up, waiting for late night fares. Archie climbed into one.
“Where to?” the cab driver asked.
“Penn Station,” Archie answered. The cab driver snapped the reins and his horse started clomping over the cobblestone street. Archie felt the broadside in his pocket and pulled it out, ready to toss it. In the dim half-light he reread the boldface of the lecture’s title: “America’s Great Challenge.” Archie leaned forward and showed the cab driver the paper. “Is this address nearby?” 
“You want to go there?” The driver seemed puzzled.
“Yes, I think I may want to go there first.”
“You sure?” 
“Yes. I’m sure.”
“Whatever you’d like. But you know, that’s San Juan Hill.”
“Cuba?” 
“Cuba?” the cab driver smirked. “Niggertown.”


CHAPTER 32

Sometime in the future, New Yorkers would travel to 63rd Street near Amsterdam Avenue to attend a concert at Lincoln Center. Before a performance they would admire the majestic Chagalls hanging in the lobby of the new Metropolitan Opera House. On the evening of June 5, 1911, Archie’s cab bumped down a pot-holed, garbage-strewn street that would one day be center stage of the Met. The cab stopped a few blocks south, at an old five-story brownstone. “129 West Fifty-Third,” the cab driver said, “where no smart white man would ever set foot.”
Archie paid the fare. As the cab pulled away Archie noticed four young black men eyeing him suspiciously from across the street. He turned his attention to the massive brownstone. The building stood in contrast to the rest of the street – it was cleanly scrubbed and brightly lit, handsome amid a row of crumbling tenements. 
“Good evening, sir,” a young doorman said, trotting down the steps to greet Archie with a careful smile. “And welcome to the Marshall’s Hotel. Can I help you?”
Archie held out the broadside that Haywood gave him. “I was told this event might be of some interest to me.”
“Well, there’s always something of interest at the Marshall’s. Step this way.” The doorman gestured toward the entrance. Archie hesitated. “Don’t be shy, sir.” The doorman took Archie’s arm, led him up the stairs and ceremoniously swung open the hotel’s wrought iron doors. The clamorous energy that buzzed through the hotel lobby hit Archie like a bracing spring gale. The vast room was as ornately decorated as any upscale New York lobby. Its dark hardwood floor gleamed under the layers of wax that coated it; the numerous plants – tall ferns and mini-palms – were green and lush; the walls were brightly painted in reds and blues, accented by gold leaf along the molding. And then there were the people: Negroes of all sizes and shades – tall and tan as caramel, dark and dusky as coal. The men were fastidiously dressed in pressed white shirts with stiff collars. They wore tight vests under stylish coats that were long and slim and hugged the contours of their bodies. The women seemed to glow with a radiance Archie had witnessed only once before, when he visited a backwoods church in Georgia. But here the sacrament of the Holy Ghost transmuted into something earthy and sensual, pulsating with a spirit that was far more of this world than of the next.
“The lecture is down the hall,” the doorman said to Archie.
“Yes,” Archie mumbled, completely captivated by the scene.
“Let me show you the way.” The doorman guided Archie through the lobby to a hallway. Archie heard music coming down the long corridor. He recognized it – ragtime – but he had never heard it played like this: wild and looping, with a syncopation that was subtle and sophisticated, yet deliciously vulgar. He peeked through an open door into a dancehall chock full of men and women jittering to the pulsating rhythms. Most were colored, though scattered amid the sea of dark faces were several white women enwrapped in the arms of their Negro partners. Archie watched those couples, their dance steps synchronized, their bodies wedded close, undulating to the driving tempos like some ecstatic, feral beast. 
“The lecture is in our other room, sir,” the doorman said, gently tugging Archie’s arm.
“Yes,” Archie replied absently. “The other room.”
The doorman led Archie across the way and opened the door to a second room. It was a large restaurant rearranged to serve as a lecture hall. The room was full of Negro men and women, mostly middle aged, and dressed in sensible suits and dresses. They were listening to a tall, distinguished black man who spoke with a charismatic passion. “…Yes, we hear calls to turn our attentions toward Mother Africa,” the man said in a rich, rumbling baritone voice. “Yes, we are beckoned by the birthplace of our proud and great race, called to return as a long lost orphan is summoned home. But, my friends, I believe however proud we should be of our noble heritage and the trials we have survived as a people, these beckoning calls from that great continent reach us only as echoes across the centuries. We hear them as romantic clarions of a great African culture that has, like a powerful tree, spread its seeds to take firm root in new soil.”
Archie was overwhelmed by the power with which the man spoke. He seemed familiar, but Archie didn’t recognize him as any famous Negro leader. Then the realization dawned: the man at the lectern was the same man he had seen with Belle at the Liberal Club. 
“It is my fervent belief,” the man continued, “that the task of the responsible Negro in America today is not to look back to Africa, but to work for the day when the panoply of American races and cultures fully accepts and includes the colored man as it includes the Italian, the Irishman, the German and the Jew.
“Many of you know I have had a fortunate life. I have been privileged, born in the North of free parents and sponsored to be one of the few of our race to attend a University. I was the first colored man to graduate from Harvard. I have been a professor, a lawyer, and honored to serve as Dean of the Howard University law school. I have also worked in government, serving overseas as a representative of America. 
“I talk of myself, not out of pride, but from the perspective of a Negro who has tasted some of the rewards America has to offer. Still, because of the color of my skin, I cannot eat at certain restaurants, I am not welcome to rest my weary head in certain hotels – the Marshall’s truly being the exception – and, despite my achievements, I cannot gain employment in the majority of respectable businesses, private or public.
“It is my contention, my friends, that America can realize the great ideals it was founded on only when it taps the lifeblood of our colored race. Our great race must be recognized as what it is: a strong, beautiful tree in America’s vast and varied forest. And just as a great tree can offer cover and abundance, so our race can, has, is, and will continue to be, one of the great assets to this country. We are out of Africa, my brothers and sisters, but we are no longer of Africa. The American Negro is just that: American. It is here we were born and where we live; it is here we will fight until we gain full freedom and equality. And it is here, in this land, we will flourish. As the good Lord is my witness, I have dedicated the rest of my living breath to see that the Negro race will be accorded its proper status as good and proud Americans. Thank you.”
The man bowed his head slightly. The audience jumped to their feet and broke into wild, enthusiastic applause. The doorman was carried away and shouted, “Yessir, that’s right,” as he clapped. Archie too applauded and at the same time thought that, despite his color, of course Belle would be drawn to this obviously brilliant and dynamic Negro. 
“What’s his name?” Archie asked the doorman.
“Richard Theodore Greener,” the doorman said, pronouncing the name carefully, “Ain’t he somethin’?”
“Yes,” Archie agreed. “He is something.”
The applause died down. Greener was surrounded by a mob of admirers. He was comfortable within the tight crowd, modest without being meek, friendly without being overly solicitous. Archie was a little jealous. He knew that the only thing that held this brilliant man back from achieving even greater things was the color of his skin. Archie wanted to approach Greener and offer his own congratulations. But he felt out of place, like an interloper who had stumbled into a secret society that wasn’t meant for him.
“I’d like to meet him,” Archie said to the doorman.
“He’s right there,” the doorman answered, pointing to the front of the room.
“I’m not sure that would be appropriate. Perhaps I can have a word with him in private.”
The doorman nodded. “Yes, sir. I understand.”
There was a flurry of “Good-byes” from the front of the room and Greener quickly exited through a rear door that went through the kitchen.
“I’ll find out what room he’s in, sir. Perhaps you can have a word with him there,” the doorman said.

At the reception desk, Archie again grew intoxicated by the lobby’s spirited atmosphere. If only the White House had this much energy, the President wouldn’t be in so much trouble.
“Room 271, sir,” the doorman said. “I’ll show you the way.”
“That’s okay, I’ll go myself.”
“As you wish. Up the stairs two flights and half way down the hall.”
“Thank you again,” Archie said and reached into his pocket. He took out a five-dollar bill and handed it to the doorman. “You have been most kind and helpful.”
The doorman reacted quietly to the generous tip. “Whatever you’re here for, I hope you find it.”
“Me too.” Archie smiled and affectionately lifted his hand to rub the doorman’s head. The doorman instinctively stepped back, not allowing Archie’s hand to touch him.
“I can tell you’re a southern gentleman, sir,” the doorman said. “And you mean well. But with all respect, not here, not in New York City and certainly not in the Marshall’s Hotel.”
“My apologies. I only meant it as a sign of friendship.”
“Then shake my hand as a man, sir,” the doorman said, opening his palm and holding it out.
And Archie did. 

Climbing the stairs, Archie mulled what to say to Greener. Should he begin by telling how impressed he was by the speech? Should he inquire about the man’s government service? Should he invite him to the White House where someone of his intelligence could be an asset to Taft in reaching out to Negroes? Then, Archie wondered why he really want to talk to the man at all? What was his connection to Haywood or Emma Goldman? They were the ones that sent him to this lecture.
Voices interrupted Archie’s inner musings. He looked down the hallway and was staggered. There, standing outside room 271, was Greener with a dazzling, young white woman who was laughing at something he had said. She threw her arms around his waist and pressed closely to him. It was Belle. 
Greener smiled broadly and kissed Belle’s forehead. Horrified that he might be spotted, Archie searched for a quick way out. There was no nearby exit. But a few yards from him was a small alcove where he might not be seen. Archie tiptoed toward it, hoping the loving couple would be so occupied with each other, they wouldn’t notice him. He heard his every footstep scuffle along the carpet and was aware of every muffled breath he took. When he finally reached the alcove, he pressed himself into its curved back wall, out of their sight. Still, after a relieved moment, he couldn’t help himself – he leaned forward and peeked around the alcove’s edge. A morbid curiosity compelled him to gaze at the lovers.
Greener and Belle were still in the embrace, talking low and sweetly to each other. Greener reached out and softly stroked Belle’s face. It was done with so much affection that Archie felt like an embarrassed voyeur. “Goodbye, my darling,” he heard Greener say, peering straight into Belle’s eyes. “I will count the moments until next time.”
Archie heard sniffling and saw that Belle was weeping. She hugged Greener tightly. “I love you so much,” she said. He gently released his embrace and stepped back. She touched her fingers to her lips, pressed a kiss onto them then placed them on his lips. “Goodbye,” she said, then turned and started down the hallway toward the alcove where Archie had hidden himself.
Panicked, Archie crushed against the wall, wishing himself invisible. He heard Belle’s footsteps draw close then saw her move into view, no more than two feet away. She looked luminous; her face glowed even as the tear streaks remained wet on her cheeks.
Please God, let her pass without turning, Archie silently prayed. 
His prayers were answered. Though the torturous moments seemed to stretch through an eternity, Belle finally disappeared from his view. Only when he heard her footsteps grow distant on the hardwood staircase did he breath a deep, relieved sigh. 
“Excuse me,” a voice broke in. “Excuse me!” It was Greener, who, while stepping out from his doorway to see Belle off, had spotted Archie hidden in the alcove. He walked over, puzzled by the hidden man, a white man no less.
“While it may be none of my business,” Greener said in his deep voice, “I find it curious, sir, that you are hidden in such a place. Are you from the government? Are you spying on me?”
Archie didn’t quite know how to answer. “No, I am not spying on you,” Archie stammered. “I caught the end of your lecture and, well, I must say, it was one of the most powerful speeches I have had the honor to hear, and I have heard some great orators in my day, and I wanted to congratulate you on it so I came up to see you in your room and, unfortunately, caught you in an obviously intimate moment with the woman who just left and I did not want to intrude.” 
Greener wasn’t quite sure what to make of this agitated man’s rambling. “Well,” he said, holding out his hand, “if what you say is true, then thank you for your kind words. Richard Greener.”
Archie took the large hand and shook it. “Archibald Butt.”
Greener cocked his head to one side. “Archie Butt?” Greener repeated, somewhat puzzled. “Archie Butt?!”
“Yes, sir,” Archie answered. “Do you know who I am?” 
“Of course I know who you are. Belle has talked a lot about you.” 
This threw Archie for a loop. Women usually don’t talk about other men to their lovers. But Belle was such an unusual woman, Archie reasoned; he wouldn’t put anything past her. “What exactly did Belle tell you about me?”
“Mostly she said good things. But felt you had a rather old fashioned Southern attitude about race.”
Archie squirmed uncomfortably. “As I explained to her, the only problem I have is with the mixing of races. I do not believe in the superiority of one race over another, but it doesn’t strike me as practical or moral for the races to mix. However, I did witness Belle’s great affection for you and I must say it looked as loving and natural as two people of any race.”
“I should hope so, sir,” Greener said.
“So I may have to reevaluate my ideas about the mixing of races. You two make a lovely couple.”
Greener squinted his eyes and looked at Archie strangely before breaking into a gale of deep laughs. “Oh,” he said, holding his belly to stop his spasms of laughter. “Wait’ll Belle hears this. She’ll get a kick out of what you said, Mr. Butt, yes, she will.” Then, trying to regain his composure, Greener returned his attention to Archie. “I wish I had a sweetheart as enchanting as Belle, but she does not serve that role with me.” 
“But…but you two were so intimate. She is not… your…?” Archie hesitated, searching for the most tactful word.
 “Paramour? No,” Greener said softly. 
“I’m confused then. The way she said she loved you. Her tears. I have never seen Belle like that. If the love she expressed to you were not so genuine, I would believe what you say. But I saw that love with my own eyes.”
“That you did, Mr. Butt. The love between us is as genuine as nature, but it is not the love of sweethearts. No.” Greener then said proudly, “That wonderful girl is my daughter.”
It took a moment for Archie to register Greener’s words. Up close, Archie could see that Greener was a good deal older than Belle. Still, there was one inescapable fact: “But you’re a Negro,” Archie said. “And she is…”
“A Negress,” Greener responded clearly, making sure Archie understood him. “Her blood is as black as Africa, even though her skin is light.”
“But her mother must have been…?” 
“Also colored.”
Archie looked away, grappling to make sense of what Greener was saying.
“Sadly, there is still a stigma attached to being of the Negro race in America,” Greener continued. “My own experiences have borne that out. The greater my success, the more I was attacked by those who couldn’t stand to see an intelligent Negro achieve extraordinary things. I was accused of being an alcoholic, though I do not have a palate for drink. I was labeled a troublemaker, though all I ever spoke was the truth. When my wife, my beautiful light-skinned wife, decided that she didn’t want to live her life in an oppressed manner, persecuted every day for the sole reason that she was labeled ‘colored,’ I understood it. The simple solution for her was to become white. And as she and all of our children could pass, she left me and changed her name. ‘Da Costa Greene’ does sound more enticing than Greener. Do you think the rich and powerful J. P. Morgan would have hired Belle Marion Greener, a little colored girl, to be his personal librarian? No, of course not. But he would hire a Portuguese beauty with golden skin who is sharp as a whip and not afraid to speak her mind. My Belle can mix in the rarified air of the rich and powerful white world, a world where I cannot go, no matter how great my accomplishments. She’s allowed there because she claims her ancestry as European. But I assure you, sir, Belle da Costa Greene and her four brothers and sisters are as full blooded Negroes as I am, Richard Greener, their proud father.”
“And you should be proud, Mr. Greener. Belle is a spectacular woman.”
“She is that, Mr. Butt. She is that,” Greener said, then tugged at a thin gold chain and pulled a watch from his vest pocket. “I have a late train to catch to Chicago, where I live. You’ll excuse me, but I must take my leave. It was a pleasure meeting you, even if the circumstances were a bit strange.”
Greener turned away, then stopped. “If it means anything to you, I rarely see or speak with my darling Belle. It is better that she live in her world and I live in mine. I am grateful for such occasions as tonight, but, in all probability, we will not see each other again for some time. You understand, she has too much to lose if it were known she is my daughter and colored. I ask you to keep that secret to yourself, as I will keep the news of our encounter to myself. Do you think that’s a good idea, Mr. Butt?”
“I do. I will not reveal to anyone that Belle is...” Archie hesitated.
“…Beautiful?” Greener laughed his rich, regal laugh again. “I’m sure her secret will be safe with you. Good evening, then.”


CHAPTER 33

For the Christmas holidays of 1877, President Rutherford B. Hayes (known to his friends as “Ruddy”) invited John Herron, a former law partner from his hometown of Cincinnati, Ohio, to Washington D.C. Along with his wife, Herron brought four of their eight children, including their precocious seventeen year-old daughter, Nellie. Stepping into the White House, the impressionable young girl believed she had entered the home of her dreams. She swooned at the sight of Ruddy and his wife formally greeting thousands of admiring citizens at the grand celebration of their Silver Wedding Anniversary on December 30, 1877. It was then and there that young Nellie decided her goal in life was to marry a man destined to be President of the United States and hold dazzling parties in the White House just like the one she was attending.
On June 19, 1911, Nellie Herron Taft was to celebrate her own twenty-five years of marriage to the man she chose to fulfill her destiny. It was to be the grandest celebration the White House had seen since Rutherford Hayes and his bride commemorated their Silver Anniversary. Rarely is anyone so fortunate to realize such wild fantasies as becoming the First Lady of the United States. Fortune can be a cruel trickster through. Nellie was living in the White House, the fantasy house she wished for as a teenager, but for most of that time she had been debilitated by her stroke, unable to enjoy or even participate in the duties of a First Lady. 
As the grand anniversary approached, it seemed Nellie would finally be able to bask in the glory. Her health was improving. She was able to walk normally and, despite a somewhat thick tongue, was growing downright chatty. Then cruel fortune intervened again. Nellie Taft collapsed attending a New York dinner with her husband. Like before, the initial diagnosis was an attack of nerves. The following morning doctors reexamined her and decided it was another stroke, though far less serious than her initial stroke two years earlier. It was determined that she should not overexcite herself at the party. The White House announced that Mrs. Taft would not be present at the Silver Anniversary festivities and that her daughter Helen would substitute for her.

Eighty police stood guard when the White House gates opened at 6 p.m., Monday, June 19. Normal citizens gathered on the sidewalk to watch the aristocracy of politics and society arrive in their coaches and limousines. By 7 o’clock the White House lawn was crawling with women in evening gowns and men in tuxedoes. A dance band on the lawn was playing popular tunes. The sun put on an eye-catching show as it set, sending fiery red beams through threatening thunderclouds. When darkness did descend, thousands of glimmering lights began to twinkle on, creating a fantasy fairyland on the White House grounds. Hundreds of Japanese paper lanterns glowed red, hanging from the trees and bushes, and a giant red, white and blue electric light flag flashed every few seconds from the portico. Another string of white lights formed the Taft’s anniversary dates, “1886-1911.” 
In the relative quiet of the White House living quarters, Archie was readying the President and his family for their grand entrance. At 9 o’clock he guided the entourage down the elevator, through the White House’s formal rooms and onto the South Portico. The band stopped playing Wild Cherries Rag and broke into a brassy rendition of the Star Spangled Banner. That was followed by Mendelssohn’s Wedding March. Taft began walking slowly down the portico stairs. His daughter was to be on his arm. But the massive crowd noticed it was not Helen, but Nellie herself, whom the President escorted down the stairs. Both were beaming. The crowd broke into wild cheers and applause. 
Archie led the Tafts to a knoll beneath the “1886-1911” electric light canopy and set up the receiving line. He stationed himself just behind the First Couple, who greeted and shook the hands with as many of the six thousand people as they could. The one person they did not greet, the person who was conspicuous in his absence, was Theodore Roosevelt, who skipped the event to stay at Sagamore Hill and work on a pamphlet for the American Museum of Natural History entitled “Revealing and Concealing Coloration in Birds and Mammals.” Roosevelt’s official reason for not attending was that he wanted to stay out of the limelight of politics and political events. 
John Astor did attend. It was the first time he had taken Madeleine to the White House and he was determined that it be a special night. And it was. The pomp, the gaiety, the guests, the electric atmosphere – there was no doubt that on this night the center of the universe was at the White House. And at the center of the center was William Howard Taft and Nellie. When John Astor and Madeleine finally reached the front of the reception line – it took over an hour – Astor shouted above the din, “Congratulations, Mr. President on twenty-five years of wedded bliss. My fiancée, Madeleine, and I hope that we may enjoy the same longevity and happiness in our marriage that you have enjoyed in yours.”
“Thank you, Colonel Astor,” Taft answered. Nellie Taft echoed her husband’s rapid appreciation then both turned away to greet the next in line. Astor needed more acknowledgment than a perfunctory “thank you.” “Major Butt,” Astor called to Archie, who was standing behind the President. Archie tried to look away. Astor tugged Madeleine over to Archie, “This is my…”
“Fiancée,” Archie cut him short. “You’ve introduced me to her before.”
“Oh, of course.”
“You’ll excuse me, Colonel Astor, but I’m quite busy now.”
“I just wanted to thank you for attending our meeting and to bring you up to date on the project.” 
“Now is not the time or place,” Archie said, trying to be polite.
“Yes. I understand. George Vanderbilt or I will call at a more convenient time. And if there’s anything you want or would like to know, do feel free to call.”
“Thank you, Colonel Astor,” Archie said, already turning away. But then an impulsive thought struck. “Actually, there is something I’d like to know.” 
“Great. What is it?”
“Did you know a man named Mick Shaughnessy?”
The muscles in Astor’s face went slack. He looked down at the ground and began stroking his chin. “Mick Shaughnessy?…Mick Shaughnessy?…” Astor shook his head, “…No, I can’t say that name rings a bell.”
“At one point he was suspected of bombing your house on New Year’s Eve.”
“Oh, yes! I knew that name was familiar. I heard he was blown up. That’s what happens when you play with fire, I suppose.” Astor snickered at the little joke he made then quickly stuck out his hand and took Archie’s. “Well…good talking to you, Major. I’m sure we’ll be in touch.” He turned, took Madeleine’s hand and scampered away.

After an hour, the faces of those greeting Taft began to blur together to Archie. They became less individual people and more a continual flow of wide smiles and vigorous handshakes that undulated past like a long river. Archie’s mind wandered, random thoughts of people ricocheted through his head. Mick. Astor. Vanderbilt. Emma. Haywood. Greener. Belle. There was a connection, but for the life of him, he couldn’t figure out what it was. Archie was startled back by the sight of a woman in an elegant black satin dress shaking Taft’s hand. “Congratulations,” Belle da Costa Greene said to the President. “Mr. Morgan is in Europe and asked me to extend his regrets that he couldn’t attend this grand celebration. He hopes my standing in for him will suffice.”
“Your beautiful presence will more than suffice, Miss Greene,” Taft answered. 
Her eyes cut toward Archie. He wanted to call out, say something – but what? Make amends? Tell her that her secret was safe with him? Or…? Too late, she was gone before he could utter a word, swept downstream by the moving current of people. 

The Tafts greeted the well-wishers for three hours, then Nellie got wobbly on her feet. Archie escorted the President and First Lady to Cross Hall in the White House, where the anniversary cake sat. The cake was an enormous, multi-tiered extravaganza decorated with spun sugar flowers, hearts, cherubs and fifty miniature American and Presidential flags that encircled the largest layer. The happy couple was photographed cutting the first slice, then left the remaining work to the servants. From there they circulated through the various staterooms of the White House, mixing with their guests. 
During this slow parade through the White House, Archie slipped away from the Presidential party. He ambled outside and gazed over the throng of celebrants. It was so different from the usually tranquil atmosphere at the White House. The grounds were crawling with people that were chattering gaily, dancing and drinking. Archie’s thoughts meandered again. Astor’s behavior was strange. On the other hand, Astor was a strange man. And Belle? Her cutting glance and quick retreat stung. Archie believed his infatuation with Belle was over. Yet she could affect him like no one else alive. A loud whistle cut through the air. Archie looked up to see a fiery red streamer shoot into the night sky. The firework exploded into a sparkling bouquet of red, white and blue florets that glittered like a thousand stars. 
Back inside, Archie wandered through the State Dining room then into the East Room, which was turned into a large ballroom for the occasion. Archie’s gaze was drawn to the center of the dance floor where Alice Roosevelt, Theodore’s daughter, shimmied an odd dance while everyone else was doing a foxtrot. Alice was 27 years old, slim, attractive and compulsively flamboyant. Watching Alice cavort about the dance floor allowed Archie to quiet his restless mind, but only for a moment. His attention was drawn back to the present when he glimpsed Belle chatting with a young army officer in a dark corner of the room. The handsome soldier took her hand and led her onto the dance floor. The band struck up a waltz. It was not a dance Archie had a desire to watch. He decided to find the Presidential party and started across the length of the East Room. But for the second time that evening, a sudden impulse struck him. He angled onto the dance floor and wove his way between the waltzing couples, making a beeline for Belle and her partner. “Excuse me,” Archie said, tapping the soldier on the shoulder. “I must cut in. Do you mind?”
The young soldier did mind until he saw the sparkling white dress uniform and immediately recognized Archie. “No sir, yes sir,” the young man stammered. “Please excuse me.” The soldier saluted then hightailed away. Archie wrapped his arm around Belle’s waist and began leading her in the dance.
“That was rude, Major,” Belle said tartly.
“No ruder than the charade you’ve been playing with me,” Archie shot back. 
“And what might you be referring to?” Belle answered like a tiger daring Archie to engage in a fight. Rather than being cowed by her aggressiveness, he felt emboldened.
“You, Miss Greene. Your charade.” 
 “I’m sorry, I really don’t know what you’re talking about. So if you’ll now excuse me…” Belle stepped out his hold and started to leave when Archie reached out and grabbed her arm.
“Don’t walk away from me like that. We’re not done with the dance.”
“I believe we are, Major Butt.” She tried pulling her arm from his grip but Archie wouldn’t release her. The tense moment hung suspended between the two as they stood statue-still amid hundreds of couples twirling around them. “I talked with your father,” Archie said. “He’s a brilliant man.” 
Belle looked at him uncomprehendingly. “My…my…?”
 “…Father, Miss Greene. Or should I call you, Miss Greener?” Belle’s face dropped, her eyes skittered in a sudden panic. “It’s quite a secret you’re carrying around,” Archie said pointedly.
She started shaking. The fortress that Belle da Costa Greene had safely constructed for herself suddenly developed a giant crack. “But you couldn’t have,” Belle whispered. “How?”
“At the Marshall’s Hotel. Your father delivered a lecture there. You were there also.” Belle put her hand to her mouth. Archie saw fear in her eyes. “Does Morgan know?” 
Belle shook her head and spoke in a barely audible whisper: “No. No one knows.”
 “If you want to keep it that way, I need you to help me.” 
A surprised gasp escaped from Belle. “What are you saying?”
“I need the truth about you and Emma Goldman and Bill Haywood and Mick Shaughnessy and that whole anarchist lot. No more games.”
 “I’ve never played games with you,” Belle said, her voice quavering. 
“Of course you have. You’ve been playing games with me since the day we met. And it’s going to stop now, because if you wish to keep your deepest secret hidden, if you wish to continue the life you’re currently enjoying, then you’re going tell me everything I ask of you. If not, well…let the chips fall where they may.”
“What does that mean?”
“It means you do me a favor and I’ll do you a favor. I think your boss, Mr. Morgan, would call it a simple business proposition.”
“I’d call it blackmail.” 
“Call it what you’d like. My only desire is to find the truth. I’m asking you to help because I believe you know more than you’ve told me. And if you refuse, well, like I said, some unknown piece of your history may somehow emerge.”
“Please, Archie, that won’t benefit either of us.”
“It’s up to you, Miss Greene,” Archie said then reached into his coat pocket. “My personal card.” He handed it to Belle. “I’d like to be contacted outside of my office when you’re ready to be square with me.” He bowed, and then stepped away just as the last note of the waltz faded out. 

The Tafts continued greeting guests and accepting congratulations until one in the morning. Nellie Taft hardly sat down and was growing weary. Archie escorted the couple up to the White House’s second floor living quarters. Nellie went to her bedroom, but Taft lingered. “Don’t go, Archie. Come, stay with me for a while,” Taft said, and then ambled into the Lincoln sitting room. He flung the window open.
“Do you need anything, Mr. President?” Archie asked.
“No,” Taft said, gazing down on the revelry that was still in full swing below. “I have everything I want tonight. Everything.” 
Archie departed an hour later, leaving Taft alone at the window. Even after the last guest left, Taft continued to stare out over the White House grounds, not wanting the magical evening to end. So he decided it wouldn’t. The next morning there was a Presidential announcement that the entire party would be repeated, this time for the general public. That evening, June 20, 1911, the White House’s grounds and staterooms were thrown open to any citizen who wished to walk through the gates. The bands played again, the lights twinkled, the fireworks exploded overhead. And while the President and the First Lady couldn’t have greeted everyone, they stood on the portico for over an hour, waving and saluting the crowd below. For Nellie Taft and her husband William, June 19 and 20, 1911, were the happiest two days they spent in the White House.


CHAPTER 34

Archie arrived at his townhouse well past three in the morning, exhausted but still charged by the excitement of the evening. He needed a nightcap and went for the bottle of Jim Beam above the kitchen sink. He poured a healthy shot for himself then traipsed back through the living room when a voice jumped from nowhere. “That’s rude, Major.” Startled, Archie whirled and saw a dark figure sitting in his favorite rocking chair. “Pouring yourself a drink and not offering me one. Rude and inconsiderate.”
 “Miss Greene!” Archie blurted. “What are you doing here?!”
“You invited me.”
“ I did not!”
“Yes, you did! I believe your words were to get in contact when I was ready to be square with you. Well, here I am! Square and ready.”
“I didn’t mean this evening.”
“You didn’t say that. Besides, I have to return to New York tomorrow morning. I would think you would want to take advantage of this golden opportunity while you can. Now, are you going to be a gentleman and offer me a drink?”
“Please, Miss Greene, it’s late…”
“The time of night secrets are revealed,” Belle said coyly. “I believe you’re drinking bourbon. I would like the same.”
Archie sighed and headed back into the kitchen, flipping on the living room light as he left. Belle squinted in the brightness.
Reaching for another tumbler, his hand landed on a cut crystal glass, one that hadn’t been used since New Year’s Eve, 1907, when he shared a drink with his mother. He took that glass and carefully mixed the drink as he did years before – one half bourbon, an equal amount water. He placed the crystal glass on a tray with a folded silk napkin and brought it into the living room.
“Thank you, Archie,” Belle said, taking the drink off the tray. He sat on his sofa across from her.
“Cheers,” Belle chimed, clinking Archie’s glass to hers then taking a deep swallow. “You know, I rarely drink bourbon. I forget how delicious it is.” She smiled and cocked her head to one side in a way that oozed self-confidence. The quivering, shaken girl that Archie had walked away from on the dance floor, Belle Marion Greener, had retreated. Sitting across from him was Belle da Costa Greene in all her glory – beautiful, assured, commanding. 
“You know Archie, when you grabbed my arm on the dance floor and wouldn’t let me go, I was furious…and never so much attracted to you. Showing a backbone does add an allure to a person.”
“At this point, I don’t give a damn about my allure, Miss Greene.”
“What about your backbone?” Belle replied in her low, smoky voice. She looked down into her glass, took a finger and dipped it into the bourbon then glided it around the lip of the crystal tumbler. A slow, haunting note emerged, changing pitch slightly when Belle quickened the pace of her finger along the glass’s ridge. “They don’t make crystal with such purity anymore. An old Southern heirloom, I suppose?”
“My mother’s.”
“Your mother had fine taste.”
“Exquisite taste. Now, can we get down to business?”
“That’s what Mr. Morgan always says. ‘Can we get down to business.’” Belle lifted her jade eyes from her drink, locking onto him. “Yes, Archie, let’s get down to business.” 
“Do you know who killed Mick Shaughnessy?” Archie asked bluntly.
“No. I believe I told you that,” Belle answered, then threw her head back and laughed. “You know, Archie, there are too many candidates for that list.”
“Sue Mann?”
“Who?”
“Sue Mann. Do you know who she is?”
“No idea. One of his girls, I suppose. Who knows how many women he went through. The woman who had the most reason to murder him was his wife. My god, what that man put her through.”
“So you think a woman killed him?”
“I don’t know. Like I said, there are so many candidates.”
“Who else?”
Belle thought for a moment. “The anarchists knew he was a spy. And they don’t take kindly to rats, no matter how charming they might be. It’s all a game to them.”
“Games don’t end up with people being killed,” Archie said, annoyed by Belle’s cavalier manner.
“Oh, but they do. You should know that. You’ve been to war.”
“War is not a game.”
“No?” Belle challenged. “What is it if not a ridiculous game? Men gleefully killing each other for no reason.”
“I don’t think you would understand, Miss Greene. But I believe we’re getting off the point. How do you know all this? Are you an anarchist?”
 “No, Captain, I’m a librarian. That’s all. Just a librarian.”
“Then why were you at those meetings with the radicals?”
“Come on, Archie, put two and two together. Isn’t it obvious?”
“No, it really isn’t obvious,” Archie said defensively. “Unless you are an anarchist.” 
“Or a spy, like Mick Shaughnessy…or maybe, just maybe I was trying to protect someone. Someone very near and dear to me.”
“Your father?” Archie said, finally catching Belle’s drift. 
She nodded, then grew pensive. “As you said, my father is an extraordinary man. He was a lifelong Republican, just like you. And the Republican Party saw him as a fine, upstanding Negro who would cooperate with them, toe the party line and follow orders. But when he started speaking up and asking questions, the people he served decided he was getting a little too uppity. So they rewarded his service by giving him a consular post in Vladivostok, Siberia – as far away from the United States as possible – lest his words corrupt other colored folk.
“When my father finally saw what the government was doing, he became angry. There were fights at home, horrible fights with my mother. When she left him and took us, he became bitter as well. He tries not to show it, but a rage feeds his soul. Not that he has lost any of his ideals. He still believes that equality for the Negro is possible even as his own life has been destroyed because he fought for equality. But he no longer believes that the government will deliver that equality. So he searches. One day in Chicago a friend invited him to hear Emma Goldman speak. She has a golden tongue, you know that. The evening my father first saw her speak, she talked of a society where everyone would be equal. He thought perhaps he had found his true allies. He visited her and they struck up a friendship, more out of mutual needs than anything else. The anarchists tell him that they believe the Negro is as good as the white man and in the new world they plan on creating, equality will be the order of the day. But even as they talk of creating a new world, their methods are about violently destroying the old one. My father doesn’t care that they talk about violence and destruction in the same breath as they talk of brotherhood. All my father wants is to see a day when he is equal to everyone else, when he can walk into a store and be treated as a man, not as a Negro. Or check into a hotel, or...”
“All the things you can do,” Archie interrupted.
“Yes,” Belle said with a tinge of sadness, “all the things I can do. I believe in the causes my father does, but I do not believe we have to blow apart our world to rebuild it. Besides, I’m cynical enough to think that whatever is built anew would probably end up looking much like the world we live in now – just different people would be oppressed by different oppressors. And so I go to those anarchist meetings to protect my father from being taken advantage of. Emma Goldman and Bill Haywood despise me because I will not let my father join them and become a full fledged anarchist.”
“So they’re your enemy?”
“No, Archie. I try not to have enemies. Like I said, I’m a librarian. I live in a world of old manuscripts and medieval paintings. That’s where my heart lies. My work allows me to see the beauty that the human race is able to create. I love my father and will protect him at all costs. But his fight is not mine.” A smile crossed her face. “I have enough problems dealing with Mr. Morgan.”
“Aren’t you worried they will expose you?”
“You mean, let it be known that I’m not Portuguese?”
“Yes.”
Belle shook her head. “As long as they want my father, they won’t touch me. Because if they did, my father would repudiate them in no uncertain terms. And if that happens, it would spoil any chance they have to make gains with Negroes. That’s why they sent you to the Marshall’s Hotel. They thought that you might feel betrayed and expose me. They were hoping you would do their dirty work. But you wouldn’t do that, Archie.”
Archie reached for his drink. “How could you be so sure?”
“Because you’re just as idealistic as my father. You put your faith in things like honor and integrity.”
“It sounds like you think I’m naïve.”
“In a way, you are,” she smiled. “And that’s a compliment.”
“I’ve worked for two Presidents, Miss Greene. I have seen politics at their dirtiest.”
“And you still believe that justice and truth will ultimately triumph, don’t you?”
Archie felt reluctant to acknowledge it, as if admitting to a dewy-eyed view of the world. But then something changed; he softened. His protective armor began falling away. “Yes, I do. I still do believe in goodness and truth.”
“I rest my case,” Belle grinned. “And now that you know all my secrets, I must ask you something.”
“I’m not sure I know all of your secrets, Miss Greene.” 
Belle rocked forward in the chair and rose to her feet. “You’re right, Archie, you do not know all my secrets,” she said, then walked around the coffee table and sat on the sofa next to him. “Now I must ask you why it’s so important that you know who caused the death of Mick Shaughnessy?”
Archie slid away from Belle. He looked down into his bourbon, swirled it in the glass then took a long sip. He closed his eyes and savored the sweet smoky flavor the drink delivered. “Because Mick Shaughnessy is the only reason I am talking to you now.” 
“Why do you say that?” 
When Archie opened his eyes he stared past Belle. “In 1901 the war with Spain was over. But we still had 70,000 men in the Philippines fighting Filipino insurgents. And they were far more brutal than the Spanish ever were. I was a chief livery officer. Mick was in my command. My job was to bring livestock across the Pacific. I never saw combat, never fired a gun in battle. My specialty was organization – that’s what I am good at: organization. My crowning achievement was when I transported five hundred and fifty-seven horses and mules from Portland, Oregon to Manila. I was supposed to stop in Hawaii for provisions, but I knew our troops were in desperate need of the horses so I ordered my ship to bypass Honolulu and proceed directly to the Philippines. We sailed quickly and I rationed the livestock’s feed. My cargo arrived healthy and ready for war. I saved the army time and money and was rewarded for my “daring feat” with a promotion to assistant Quartermaster. I was happy with my assignment. I was doing my patriotic duty. I loved the army life. And I was recognized as the best caretaker of livestock the Army had.
“On the other hand, my junior officer, Corporal Michael Shaughnessy, hated the work. He joined the army to defend America and kill the enemy. He was always putting in for a transfer to a combat unit and he was always being denied. It drove him crazy. He said he would be the best soldier the army could wish for if they would give him a chance to fight. He didn’t understand why they wouldn’t give him that chance. But I knew, I saw the reports. They thought he was a loose cannon. And, to be honest, they were right. Mick Shaughnessy would be the first to disregard orders if he felt there was a better way to do things. And so we served together and became best of friends even as we were so different.
“One evening, when I was ashore in Manila eating a quiet meal in a quiet restaurant, a brigade of Filipino guerillas burst in and took me and twenty other American soldiers hostage. They marched us through a maze of streets and locked us in an old slaughterhouse on the outskirts of Manila. The slaughterhouse stank of stale blood.
“They dispatched word to the American command that they wanted to trade us for Filipino prisoners. To demonstrate they were serious, they shot three of our men and sent their heads back with the terms. The American commanders refused to negotiate with the enemy, believing that if they gave into their demands, there would be more kidnappings. After a week our captors began executing one American every day. We were all dead men, we knew that. But when you’re still breathing, hope lives. We’d tell each other that our commanders wouldn’t let us die, that they’d come with a squadron and rescue us. The fact was, our commanders had already given us up for dead. My superior officer had already chosen my replacement: my junior officer, Mick Shaughnessy.
“Late one Sunday morning – I remember it was Sunday because church bells woke us all up – a Filipino soldier came in to choose who would be executed that evening. There were nine of us left alive. I was the one chosen. You don’t know how you’ll really meet death until you come face to face with your moment. I always believed I would meet that moment with honor. My father was a soldier, and so were my uncles and both my grandfathers. I believed honor and bravery flowed through my veins as naturally as water flows down a mountainside. I confess to you now, Miss Greene, that bravery and honor abandoned me at that moment. When the Filipino soldier fingered me to be executed, it was as if a horrible bolt of lightning exploded through my body. My head began to throb, the entire room went white, I felt hot, then cold. Sweat was pouring from my forehead even as I was shivering. Finally, I began to wail and broke down in tears. I spent the next two hours weeping like a fainthearted woman. My fellow soldiers tried to comfort me, but I kept seeing the image of my bloody head being sent to my American commanders in a box, then to my mother back home in the states.
“The Filipinos prepared for their executions by having a loud drinking party and getting good and drunk before slaughtering their victim. We never saw any of our friends being killed; we just heard their screams as they were being tortured in the room next to ours. The screaming always ended with gunshots. Then silence. Then the drunken laughter of the executioners.
“That morning most of them went to church before coming back to drink. By late afternoon, we heard their whoops and shouts and I knew they would come for me any moment. By that time my tears had dried up. I was numb, having surrendered to the fact that my life was about to end. The door opened and there was my Filipino executioner. He pointed to me with a machete and waved that I should follow him.
“Then, from the other room, came loud yelling and a volley of gunshots. I thought it was the insurgents whipping themselves into a frenzy, preparing for my beheading. The executioner turned to see what the ruckus was behind him when he suddenly stumbled backwards as if hit in the chest with a brick. Thick smoke curled into the room. Running through the smoke was my junior officer, Mick Shaughnessy. His eyes were animal wild. He held a pistol in each of his hands and he was firing away at the Filipinos. He yelled for us to follow him and we did. I stumbled over my executioner, who was twitching and screaming. Blood was gushing from a wound in his chest. We scrambled through the door of our slaughterhouse cell and into the main room. It was filled with an acrid cloud of smoke. Bodies of dead Filipino insurgents were scattered over the floor. 
“As Mick led us through the room, I asked him if the rest of the American squad was outside. ‘The whole squad is right here!’ he yelled and fired a shot into the air. I was confused at first, but then realized he was doing this all by himself. He led us through back alleyways and dark streets, past insurgent barricades and finally back to the American sector.
“As you can imagine, I was incredibly grateful to him and asked him how I could repay him for saving my life. Mick asked only that he be transferred to a combat unit. I recommended the transfer, but the high command felt that he should be not rewarded for disobeying orders, even though he single-handedly saved ten American lives. When I told him he would not get the transfer, he just shrugged and said that I owed him a drink. I bought him that drink his last night alive.” Archie rolled his tumbler of bourbon between the palms of his hand then lifted the glass and took a long, deep, swallow.
“Have you ever told anyone this?” Belle asked. Archie shook his head. “Then thank you for telling me,” Belle said quietly. 
“Telling you what? That I was a coward when I faced death?”
“No,” Belle said, then reached out with both of her hands and grabbed his face, forcing him to look directly into her eyes. “Thank you for showing me your good and decent soul.”
“But not a brave soul. Not like Mick Shaughnessy’s.” 
“Better than Mick Shaughnessy’s.”
“You think a coward is better than a hero?”
“You’re no coward, Archie. You were frightened. You had no guns. You were locked in a room. You acted how most of us would act.” Belle reached down and clasped Archie’s hands in hers. “Don’t compare yourself to Mick.”
“Why not?” Archie cried. “He was the brave one. He was always the brave one. I’m surprised you were never involved with him. He liked women like you – bold women. You were the type he went after.”
“I never said he didn’t go after me,” Belle laughed. “I told you, I liked Mick. Very much. But I would never have him as a lover. We were too alike. I knew the mad impulses that drove him, I knew his demons and I knew his magic. But I would never sleep with him no matter how wonderfully charming he was.”
“No?” Archie said, suddenly aware of his hands being caressed by Belle. 
“No,” she answered. “For some reason I’m attracted to men who are less flamboyant. Men who don’t have to demonstrate how wonderful they are. Men who carry strength and dignity and don’t have to show it off. Men like my father…or like you, Archie.”
Belle inched closer on the sofa. Archie shivered from a jolt of electricity that bolted from Belle’s hands into his. She leaned close, close enough that he could feel her breath on his face.
“Emma Goldman said you were as dangerous as a cobra,” Archie muttered.
“And what if I am? A cobra can be tamed. The fakir does it all the time. Do you know how?”
“I suspect you’re going to tell me, Miss Greene.”
“Trust. He trusts the cobra won’t strike out at him and it never does. They have a mutual bond of trust neither will break. I need you to trust me, Archie, and I promise I won’t strike out.” Belle moved her face to within inches of his. 
“I’m not sure I can,” Archie said. 
“Is it because of who I am? Because I’m…”
“No, that’s not it.”
“Then what, Archie? What?”
Belle waited for his answer. But Archie didn’t speak. Instead, he lowered his head until his lips tentatively met hers. She could feel his whole body trembling. Then something strange happened – an electric charge shot through her, stunning her with a vibrating rush of energy. She started trembling like him. It was like a sunburst in their kiss, warming their entire beings. She had to pull back.
“My god, Archie,” she whispered. “My god…”
Archie wrapped his arms around her and pressed her close. She put her head on his shoulder. “What just happened, Archie?”
“The cobra and her fakir finally met,” he said, then lifted his head to look at her. Her face was luminous. “It’s late, Belle.  Would you like to spend the evening here?”
“It’s almost morning, Archie. I have spent the evening here.”
He smiled and reclined back on the sofa, taking her more tightly in his embrace. The warmth of her body against his, the weight of her head near his chest, filled him with an overwhelming joy. He felt her relax. Her breathing slowed into long, peaceful exhales. He closed his eyes and let himself drift with her; it was like the first time he had met her. Nothing else in the world existed – he could see nothing else, hear nothing else, feel nothing else, experience nothing else – only Belle da Costa Greene. In his arms. Belle da Costa Greene…
“His files,” Belle mumbled through her sleepiness.
“Hmmm?” 
Belle lifted her head. “Have you looked in his files, Archie?”
“Whose files?”
“Mick’s. That’s where librarians always start – a file. The army has to have files on him. Maybe the police do too.”
“I’ve never even thought of that.”
Belle put her head back down and snuggled into the crook of Archie’s arm. “That’s why you need a cobra,” Belle whispered before drifting back to sleep.

* * *

On June 20, 1911, a formal request was received at the Department of War for the Army file of Corporal Michael Shaughnessy. The written requisition was from the White House. It was signed by Major Archibald Butt.


CHAPTER 35

It was all too familiar to Henry: a cold cell of brick and concrete, a foul smelling bucket for a toilet and a bed constructed of a gas-piping frame topped with a razor thin mattress. Like before, Henry shared his cell with a large, extended family of rats. Unlike before, he also shared the cell with another human being. Franco Bonini was from New York by way of Rome. At 19, Franco was not much older than Henry. But at five foot eleven, he towered above his tiny cellmate who looked like he had barely reached puberty. Far from being a dark, handsome Italian, Franco had pale skin, dirty blond hair, blue eyes and a soft roll of fat around his middle that gave him the appearance of a walking pyramid. He was doing time for theft. “I steal a roast for mama ‘cause we hafta eat,” Franco moaned to Henry. “The butcher catch me and I hand him the roast back, no problem, eh? The sonuvabitch gets the police anyway.” 
Franco was serving an eight-year sentence. On separate occasions he had been caught stealing seven apples, an overcoat, a box of cigars, a sewing machine and the roast. Franco was a kind and gentle soul and an incredibly lousy thief. He treated Henry like a little brother, offering him support when Henry became discouraged. “Don’t worry, my friend, you’ll be out soon. In Italy they throw you in a dungeon and you’re never heard from again. But in America they no throw you in jail for long without a reason. Too many lawyers here.”
Henry wasn’t so sure. “I don’t know what I’m doin’ here,” Henry lamented to Franco. That wasn’t entirely true. Henry had an inkling why he was in prison. He was accused of murdering Mick though he had never been charged with the crime, never saw a lawyer, never stood before a judge, never declared his innocence to a jury. Henry told Franco, “I’m not sure they will ever let me out, ‘cause no one even knows I am here.”
Sing Sing had the reputation of being the worst prison in America. A grand jury was appointed in 1911 to investigate the appalling conditions at the prison. The grand jury’s report noted: “The eighty-year old cells are unfit for the housing of animals, much less human beings…the cell block is infested with disease-carrying vermin which it is impossible to eradicate. Vermin swarm in every corner of the cells… the bed space is grossly inadequate, the ventilation is insufficient, the close contact of prisoners is demoralizing. Immorality abounds, disease is fostered, criminal propensities cultivated and inculcated. Half the showers don’t work and sometimes as many as twelve prisoners, the diseased and the healthy, crowd under one shower. The steam conditions allow perverts, thus screened from observations, to practice acts of sexual degeneracy.”
Henry was well aware of the dangers that lurked in the showers. He had witnessed men preying on each other first hand. Though he had the appearance of an innocent choirboy, his innocence was tempered by the grim reality of living on the street for years.
Thursday morning was shower day for Henry’s wing. The guards marched him and Franco and 60 other prisoners to the shower area. The prisoners disrobed in a large dressing area then shuffled naked into the steamy shower room, away from the guards’ eyes. The guards didn’t care what went on in the showers. As long as the same number of men who walked in, walked out twenty minutes later, their job was complete. 
Henry always stood away from the men who jostled to wash under the streams of hot water. The water usually turned cold halfway through the shower period. Henry liked cold showers. It was a preference he picked up winter bathing in the Hudson River. He usually dashed under the water in the last few minutes of the shower period, gave himself a quick and efficient scrub then dashed to dry himself off. Whatever unseemliness occurred in the foggy mist before he showered, he was more than happy to miss.
As he stood under a broken showerhead in a dry corner of the room, a large middle-aged man with frost-blue eyes and a dirty mop of salt-and-pepper hair skulked up to Henry. “You waiting for a shower, son?” The man smiled kindly.
“I like it when the water gets cold,” Henry smiled back. “It’s invigoratin’”
The man fixed his gaze on Henry’s face. His eyes stayed wide and never appeared to blink. “You need hot water to get really clean,” the man said, showing great concern about Henry’s hygiene.
“Maybe, but like I sez, it’s freezin’ water that gets my blood flowin’.”
“But you need to be clean.”
“Hey, thanks for your two cents, mister, but I’ll wait a few minutes.”
The large man smiled paternally, and then hissed, “No son, you need to be cleaned now.” He grabbed Henry’s thin arm and jerked him toward the water. Henry squirmed to get away. “Lots of soap, we’ll need lots of soap for you,” the man shouted, dragging Henry into the thick steamy mist.
“Pervert!” Henry yelled, though the rush of water drowned his voice out. The man smashed a vicious backhand across Henry’s face. A soft groan rose from Henry, his eyes floated upwards in his head. The man began eagerly rubbing a soap bar over Henry’s body. 
“Stop,” Henry cried, but the man had no intention of stopping. 
“Doesn’t it feel good to be clean?” the man said, scrubbing Henry under his arms. Henry tried to curl himself up, like an insect rolling into a ball when he knows he can be crushed in an instant. The man pressed forward. Henry could feel him becoming aroused. He began rubbing his hands over Henry’s thighs. “No,” yelled Henry.
“Yes,” the man insisted, moving his hands up between Henry’s legs. 
“Let me wash you,” Henry shouted, squirming under the man’s insistent hands. “I can wash you really good!” Henry twisted his body and turned his head until he stared into the man’s eyes. They were deranged, wild blue circles of insanity filled with pure lust. “Com’on now mister, I can make you feel really good.” The man grunted, pushing himself into Henry. Henry took the soap from the man’s hand. He rubbed the rough bar down the man’s sides then slid it in a circle around his belly. 
“Feels nice, don’t it?” Henry said. The man arched his head back and moaned with pleasure. In that instant Henry lashed his arm upwards and plunged the soap into the man’s mouth. The man’s eyes bugged out. He roared, throwing Henry against the shower wall. Henry’s chest collapsed from the force of the blow on the hard tiles. The man pressed forward, crushing himself into the boy’s small frame. He rammed his forehead into Henry’s chest. Henry wheezed and struggled to catch a breath. The man whipped his head back, readying himself for another assault when Henry shot both hands up and, using a move he learned brawling on the streets, clawed his fingers into the man’s eyes. A bloodcurdling scream erupted from deep inside the man and he collapsed to the floor. Henry threw himself onto the man and grabbed his throat. He was like a wild animal banging the man’s head against the wet tile floor. 
Hearing the man’s agonized screams, guards came running through the steam. They saw angelic looking Henry atop the whimpering man whose skull was now red with blood. The guards tried to pry Henry off, which was near impossible – the boy’s grip was like an iron trap around the man’s throat. They finally grabbed Henry’s arms and twisted them behind his back. “The goddam pervert attacked me,” Henry shouted. “I expect to take a shower and not be attacked. Now let go of my arms!” The authority with which Henry spoke took the guards by surprise. They did what he ordered. 
“Thanks, guys, and I wanna make sure this don’t happen again, okay?” Henry smiled his sweet, gap-tooth grin then kneeled besides the groaning man and whispered, “Don’t every fuck with me again, cuz the next time I don’t let go of your goddamn neck ‘til you stop breathin’.” Henry rose to his feet and marched out of the showers with the other prisoners looking on in amazement.


CHAPTER 36

Theodore Roosevelt spent the summer of 1911 denying he would be a candidate for President of the United States, all the while receiving a string of visitors at Sagamore Hill who were disillusioned with Taft. While Roosevelt still considered himself a loyal Republican, his political views had shifted dramatically in the two years he had been out of office. He began championing such causes as child labor laws, anti-lynching laws, environmental protections, women’s suffrage and workplace reform. In one speech he declared, “If on this continent we merely build another country of great but unjustly divided material prosperity, we shall have done nothing.” Roosevelt was growing increasingly progressive, even radical in his beliefs. 
In August of 1911, Roosevelt appeared before the Stanley Committee. He was in top fighting form, declaring that Morgan did not dupe him in approving the TC&I deal. He proclaimed to the committee, “I would have been a timid and unworthy public servant if in that extraordinary crisis I had not acted as I did. But I fully understood and expected when there was no longer danger, when the fear had been forgotten, attack would be made upon me.”
After his Congressional testimony, the affair seemed behind Roosevelt. Then a bombshell hit. Taft’s Attorney General filed suit against Morgan’s U.S. Steel for violation of the Sherman Antitrust Act in the matter of the TC&I merger. A headline in the New York Times read, “Roosevelt Was Deceived.” The ex-President saw the government’s legal action as a complete betrayal. “Taft was a member of the cabinet,” Roosevelt fumed to a friend. “We went over the whole transaction afterwards in the cabinet and Mr. Taft was emphatic in his commendation.” 
Roosevelt answered the attacks on him with a fierce eight-page defense of his actions in a New York weekly journal called The Outlook. His article talked of the need for corporate regulation, but it also cited the benefits of a principled business sector: “It would be mischievous and undesirable to try and break up all combinations merely because they are large and successful and to put the business of the country back into the middle of the eighteenth century….”
Roosevelt’s article turned the political world topsy-turvy. The supposed friend of business, Taft, was trustbusting while the great trustbuster, Roosevelt, was talking like a friend. Influential members of Wall Street began finding their way to Sagamore Hill to exchange ideas with the ex-President. This gave rise to more speculation about a new run for the Presidency. 
If Taft was worried about a Roosevelt comeback before, he now became obsessed with it. 

* * *

After attending the festivities celebrating the launching of the Titanic’s hull, J. Pierpont Morgan embarked on an art buying spree. One of his sojourns brought him to an English estate called Knole, whose mistress was a beautiful forty-nine year old named Lady Sackville. The Lady was selling several medieval tapestries to solve her tax problems. The old rugs did not dazzle Morgan. However, Lady Sackville’s charm did. Morgan ended up buying $325,000 worth of art, most of it sight unseen. This display of robust spending duly impressed the Lady Sackville and the two fell into a romance. 
Being in love lifted Morgan’s spirit, though his problems on the home front continued to dog him. When Taft’s Attorney General filed suit against U.S. Steel, Morgan felt betrayed and was furious. He believed that after their last White House meeting, Taft had given him assurances the government would not interfere with business unless the offense was egregious. To add to Morgan’s concerns, labor unrest was growing at U.S. Steel. There was bitter resentment over the arrest of John J. McNamara for the bombing of the L.A. Times. Across the country, unions and labor leaders were blaming U.S. Steel and Morgan for orchestrating trumped up murder charges against McNamara in order to crush the workers movement.
Morgan felt squeezed on both ends, by labor and the government. He reacted as he always did: aggressively. His solution was to gain and wield more power than his adversaries. With that in mind, he sent a cable to George Vanderbilt in late summer. It simply read: REGARDING YOURS AND ASTOR’S PROJECT STOP LET US PROCEED STOP BACK IN THE U.S. IN NOVEMBER STOP J. PIERPONT MORGAN.

* * *

Upon receiving the telegram, Vanderbilt hurried to New York. He arrived to find Astor completely panicked, in a tizzy about Madeleine. She had been overcome with “nervous exhaustion” and was bedridden at her father’s house. Since the announcement of their engagement, the press hounded Madeleine for a story or picture. It became a circus – everywhere she went reporters and photographers followed. When a photographer descended upon her and her elderly father at a jewelry store, the old man began swinging his cane to chase the photographer away. Madeleine collapsed. She was rushed to a doctor who prescribed bed rest. 
“What if she should die?” Astor said to Vanderbilt in the tearoom of his mansion. “What would I do?”
Vanderbilt thought that if she died Astor would finally focus on business. “She’s going to be fine, Jack. Maybe you need to take your mind away from all this for a while.”
“I just can’t. I have to do something. I can’t sit around. I’m a man of action, you know.”
“Good. Let’s swing into action. Morgan wants to meet with us when he gets back from Europe. Everything needs to be set so we can get his funding and start to build.”
“Oh course,” Astor said absently, then looked at his watch. “I really should go see her. Why don’t you come back in two days when she’s regained her health and my mind will be better able to focus?”
“We can’t waste time, Jack,” Vanderbilt reiterated.
Astor got up and offered Vanderbilt his hand. “I know that, George. We shall not waste time. We will attend to business in a couple of days. Good seeing you.”
Astor shook Vanderbilt’s hand and scurried from the room.

Vanderbilt telephoned Astor’s Fifth Avenue mansion two days later. He was told that Mr. Astor had left that morning and gave no indication of where he was going. As it turned out, he was going to fetch Madeleine so they might get married. They set sail that afternoon for Newport, Rhode Island, arriving at two in the morning. Astor had secured three clergymen – one to perform a wedding and two backups in case something went wrong. At 9 a.m., September 9, the couple was smuggled into two limousines to get a speeding start away from the press. They quickly got their marriage license then raced off to Beechwood. The wedding ceremony began soon after the couple arrived. Only four people beside the nuptials were present: the parents of the bride, the bridesmaid (Madeleine’s sister) and the best man (Astor’s son, Vincent). The ceremony took place in front of the immense white marble fireplace in the ballroom. A calm came over Astor as he walked the length of the polished wood floor to his waiting bride. He had an overwhelming sensation that the spirit of his mother was with him. Astor glanced out the floor-to-ceiling windows toward the roiling sea and thought he caught the image of the Mrs. Astor smiling approvingly. Tears welled in his eyes. The guests assumed they were for Madeleine.
Reverend Dr. Joseph Lambert began the ceremony. Astor suddenly dropped to his knees and clasped Madeleine around the waist, drawing her close. The rest of the brief ceremony was performed with the couple in that odd tableau. When Astor finally rose to slip the wedding ring on her finger, he began weeping. He hugged Madeleine desperately and pressed his soggy cheek to hers when they were pronounced “man and wife.”
The newlyweds went out a back door and were rushed back to his yacht, where they set sail for Astor’s secluded estate of Ferncliff on the Hudson River. Vanderbilt found out about the wedding the next day in the New York Times. He tried to contact Astor by phone and telegram but never received an answer. He returned to Biltmore the following Monday after sending a cable to Morgan saying he and Astor were eager to push the project quickly forward.


CHAPTER 37

The humidity and heat of late summer fostered an explosion among the insect population at Sing Sing. Cockroaches were everywhere – crawling in the cells, scuttling in the yards, floating in the soups. “I gotta get outta here,” Henry said to Franco. They were lying on their bunks, trying to stay cool in their sweltering cell.
“It’s – how you say? – a hellhole, no?” Franco said.
Henry pulled a cockroach that was making a dash across his chest and squashed it against the wall with the palm of his hand. The bug’s hard shell exploded with a dull pop. “Hellhole, yeah, that’s the word. So what d’ya say we make a break for it?”
Franco sat up in his top bunk and whispered, “You mean escape?”
“You got it, Franco,” Henry said. “Don’t that sound better than rottin’ away with bugs and rats?”
“Oh, yes, my friend,” Franco said, getting excited. “I can go home. Hey, you can meet my mama. Stay a few days, we fatten you up.”
“Yeah, sure, Franco, I’ll meet your mama. So you’re on board?” 
“Yes, of course my friend, Franco is on board!”
“Great!” said Henry, jumping off his bunk and turning over his thin mattress. Henry slid his hand through a separated seam and pulled out a small, serrated bread knife. “I smuggled it out of the kitchen.” He moved to the cell’s barred window then slid the small knife into a deeply cut groove at the lower end of one bar. “Just a little more work and the bar goes and we can wiggle out.”
Reaching into the mattress again, Henry pulled out a bundle of ripped kitchen towels he had braided together to make a rope. “I made somethin’ like this when I broke outta the orphanage. Dropped it out the window and climbed down. Worked like a charm.”
“You are, how you say, a busy bumble bee, my friend.”
“I figure we leave tonight.” 
“Tonight?!” 
“Yeah, just after the midnight check. Perfect time to make a break for it.”
“Tonight’s a little soon,” Franco said anxiously. 
“You got anything better happenin’? It’s gonna be easy. We pull the bar out, zip-zap, and we’re out the window. The wall on the far side of the yard is near the railroad tracks. We go over with the second rope I made and slide down to the tracks. We’re outta here so fast no one’s gonna notice we’re gone till mornin’. And by that time we’ve havin’ breakfast with your mama on Mulberry Street.”
“Breakfast with mama…” Franco said wistfully.
“So, you wanna go?” 
Franco drew a long breath. “I dunno. It is very dangerous.”
“What’s dangerous is rottin’ away here. You wanna stay, fine. But I’m gone tonight, with you or not. I jus’ figured it would be the right thing to invite you to come and taste your mama’s pancakes instead of waitin’ eight years till you’re paroled.”
Franco looked through the bars of their small cell window. The sun had just set and the summer’s light was still glowing over the horizon. “Okay, yes, Henry my friend, I go with you.” Franco slapped his mattress, regaining his enthusiasm. 

Midnight, and Henry and Franco were under their covers. After the prison guard checked their cell and walked on, Henry leapt from his bed and quickly sawed through the last sliver of the bar. He pulled it out then knotted the end of the towel rope to a sturdy bar. Slipping through the narrow opening, Henry shimmied down twenty feet to the ground. He looked up, waiting for Franco to follow. But Franco didn’t appear. “I can’t wait here forever, Franco,” Henry whispered.
Franco finally poked his head through the gap in the bars. Henry waved, beckoning him down. Franco crossed himself then swung one leg out the window while awkwardly holding the braided towels. “Just fall back,” Henry said. But Franco didn’t move. “I’m stuck,” he said in panic. “I’m too big.”
Time was wasting. Henry was ready to dash across the prison yard when Franco popped through the bars. His momentum swung him out from the limestone walls like a pendulum.
“Slide down,” Henry said.
“I can’t,” Franco whimpered, clinging to the towel-rope in complete terror. The faces of other prisoners began peering out from the windows of other cells. They watched Franco let go of the rope and fall into the yard. He groaned as he hit the dirt. 
Henry rushed to him. “Let’s go. We gotta go.”
“Yeah, let’s go,” Franco replied, but didn’t move. Henry grabbed him around his waist and jerked up.
“Owww…my foot,” Franco groaned. “It is in pain, Henry.” 
 “I’m goin’ across the yard. Follow me if you can. But I can’t wait,” Henry said emphatically, then took off over the sparse grass of prison yard, sprinting toward the high prison wall. 
“I’m coming, my friend,” Franco called, limping after Henry. 
 Running full out, Henry remembered that Franco was in jail because he was an absolutely lousy thief. Now, to his dismay, Henry understood why. Reaching the wall, Henry looked back. Franco was in the middle of the yard, grunting with each labored step. Henry pressed himself onto the wall and dug his fingers into a seam between the bricks. He had examined this wall numerous times during recreation periods, noting the crevices and knobs he might get a toehold onto. He balanced his weight forward, inching up, twisting his small hands into the narrowest of cracks, sliding his feet into scant fissures, until, inch-by-inch, like a meticulous spider, he made his way to the top. 
There were three long strands of barbed wire that ran along the top of the wall, anchored by steel poles every ten feet. Henry was nimble enough not to be ensnared in the wire. He tied his second towel-rope to one of the poles and threw it back into the prison yard for Franco, who was just reaching the wall.
“Pull yourself up,” Henry whispered to Franco.
“Yes,” Franco called back loudly. “I will pull myself up.” Franco grabbed the rope and began grunting, trying to tug his round body skyward. “It is very difficult, my friend.” 
“Use your feet to anchor you. Then climb.”
“Right,” said Franco.
High-pitched whistles began cutting through the darkness. Then a siren screamed out.
“C’mon Franco, ya gotta hurry.”
Franco braced both feet against the wall and, like a mountain climber, began scaling the limestone bricks. “It hurts, Henry, like hell, my foot, it hurts.” 
“Keep going, Franco, you’re almost there.”
Franco was straining; his teeth were clenched, his face poured perspiration – partly from the oppressive humidity, partly from the physical strain, but mostly from pure fear. A spotlight from the guard tower began combing the prison yard. “Just a little more Franco,” Henry said, holding out his hand to his friend. But Franco stopped, frozen, five feet from the top.
“I can’t do it, Henry, it is too much.”
“Jus’ keep pullin’ the rope. You can do it, Franco.”
“Yes, I can do it,” Franco said and pulled one more time, hand over hand. Then he stopped again. Henry saw a squad of guards pouring into the prison yard. 
“You hafta do it, Franco! Now!”
The roving spotlight found Franco and Henry on the wall.
“Climb, Franco. Climb!!!”
Henry heard a soft sob and noticed Franco, still frozen on the wall, was crying, his tears mixing with the torrents of sweat that were flooding off his face. A shot rang out. “Stop!!” “Halt!!” “Go no further!!”
Henry looked down the far side of the wall. It was a good thirty feet to the railroad tracks – a suicide jump. But he had no choice. Franco held fast to the rope, sobbing uncontrollably, knowing that he had blundered again. Henry didn’t bother to say goodbye. He pushed out into the darkness. While he was falling through mid-air, he prepared for the impact by folding his legs under him to absorb the jolt. He crashed then tumbled forward, trying to stop his momentum. He couldn’t; his head smashed into the ground then whip-lashed back. An excruciating pain exploded through his body, starting from his neck, into his shoulders, hips then shooting down both legs. His hamstrings seized up; his back throbbed as if daggers were plunged along the length of his spine. He was face up on the ground, staring at the stars, thinking he was paralyzed. There was no possible way he could get up. And there was no way he wouldn’t try. Henry grunted, then desperately rolled to one side. He had to stand or else the guards would find him. He forced himself to a sitting position then tried to get his feet under his body. He wavered back, gathered whatever strength he had left and raised himself up. A single step caused him to wobble like a punch-drunk fighter. Still, he lurched ahead, staggering from side to side, trying to get his balance. Henry tottered along the tracks until the high, narrow gully of the prison walls opened up. He knew the river was no more than fifty feet away. He wasn’t aware of the gunshots on the other side of the wall nor did he hear Franco’s screams when the barrage of bullets tore through the young Italian’s body. Henry heard nothing until the splash of water echoed in his ears when he tumbled into the Hudson. Then there was silence. He rolled onto his back and let his light body float atop the waters that carried him down river.


CHAPTER 38

In Washington, the magical mood that blossomed at the Taft’s Silver Anniversary party withered as quickly as it arrived. Archie wrote: “Taft is very much worried over these scandals which Congress has unearthed or which they think they have unearthed. He takes these charges seriously...Roosevelt would have called them all a pack of lies and the public would have accepted his statement.”
Taft traveled to his vacation cottage in Beverly, Massachusetts, in late August, but his stay was short. With his support around the country plummeting, the President’s advisors determined that he should travel on a cross-country barnstorming tour to promote his policies and reinvigorate his popularity. The marathon march began in mid-September. Two months later, Taft was still on the road with Archie along for every grueling step of the way. “We have actually traveled on railroads 25,270 miles and at least 3,000 miles by motor and side trips,” Archie wrote in a letter. “We have been on the go for 58 days, and 14 nights we have spent off the train. We have visited 28 states, entertained as many governors and have been flooded by their ridiculous staffs and yapped at by all the Congressmen and ward politicians from Beverly to the Coast and back again. We have made 220 stops and the President has made 380 speeches. We have carried farther and estimated that he has addressed 1,614,850 persons in auditoriums and halls and from platforms and has been seen by 3,213,600 ear-splitting citizens. Do you wonder that our nerves have been disintegrated and that our innards are all upside down?”
The Presidential entourage finally returned to Washington in late November. Amid the stack of correspondence waiting for Archie was a letter from the Department of War. It concerned Archie’s request for the files of Corporal Michael Shaughnessy. It stated that there were no files. In fact, the letter went on to say, there was no record of any Michael Augustus Shaughnessy serving in the United States Army.
But that’s impossible, there has to be a file. Then it struck Archie; he had seen the file. Not in the War Department, but in the Justice Department, in Stanley Finch’s bony hands. In that case, the only way he would be able to view the contents would be for Finch to allow it. And Archie suspected there was as much chance of that as there was of Mick coming back and clearing up the mystery himself.

* * *

That same November, two months after Henry’s escape, a train sped down the railroad tracks that bordered Sing Sing. It did not slow when it skirted the platform and high walls of the prison. From his first class compartment, George Vanderbilt hardly noticed the dark citadel outside. He was engrossed reading Ethan Frome, Edith Wharton’s new novel. He would occasionally glance up from the pages and glimpse out the window. Long gone were the days of green meadows and fields carpeted with wildflowers. The grass was brown. Dry leaves were falling from the trees. 
Vanderbilt’s train traveled along the Hudson River and pulled into the Highland Falls station. A car was waiting to take him to Cragston, the manor of J. Pierpont Morgan. Vanderbilt looked forward to seeing Morgan’s country estate. As some people are connoisseurs of art or wine, Vanderbilt was a connoisseur of manors. 
Coming onto the grounds of Cragston, Vanderbilt was impressed. The estate reflected the personality of Morgan: expansive yet controlled; elegant, but not overly fussy. When Morgan bought it in 1872, he clear cut the surrounding forest to create a view of the Hudson River from the house. He built stables and tennis courts, a dock for his yacht, put in ponds and green houses, planted formal gardens along with vineyards and fruit trees. Over the decades he constantly remodeled, bringing in his artifacts and art treasures to fill the rooms and line the walls.
Vanderbilt was shown to his room by the butler and informed that Mr. Morgan would meet him at four for tea. Perfect, thought Vanderbilt, who then loosened his tie, lay back on a large, canopied bed, and slipped off for a brief nap.

Tea was served in an informal dining room that had an unfettered view of the river. Vanderbilt noticed how relaxed Morgan was. Removed from his business environment, Morgan’s imperious demeanor was reigned in. The imposing visage, the preposterous nose, the uneven complexion, all were softened by Morgan’s comfortable manner. It wasn’t that Morgan became a shrinking violet; he still retained an air of absolute self-assurance that came with decades of wealth and power. But in private he happily didn’t have to work at being J. Pierpont Morgan – he just was. 
 “You know, George, I did business with your father,” Morgan began, puffing on a tremendous black cigar. “Helped him move 50,000 shares of New York Central Railroad. He made a lot of money on that transaction.”
“If I’m not mistaken, so did you.”
Morgan frowned, not sure if Vanderbilt was taking a veiled shot at him for scooping a healthy percentage off the top. “My father was always appreciative of your involvement in that deal,” Vanderbilt added, smoothing the moment over.
“Your father was a gentle, God-fearing man. Because he had a quiet demeanor, many people believed he was rather dull of mind. But he added how much? A hundred-million dollars to the Vanderbilt fortune?”
“My father always had a way of making money. As did my grandfather. It seems to be the Vanderbilt way.”
“Yes,” smiled Morgan. “You Vanderbilts do have a golden touch. That is one of the reasons why I have taken your proposal so seriously.”
 “Its current form owes everything to you, Mr. Morgan. You were the one that suggested the commerce centers. And I must say, it was a brilliant suggestion.”
Morgan grunted at Vanderbilt’s flattery. “There are a lot of obstacles to overcome if it is to be successful.”
Vanderbilt sensed that Morgan was measuring him. “I believe that not to succeed at this project would ultimately handicap American business. And if I might be so bold, I think you see that as well,” Vanderbilt said with resolve.
“Well…” Morgan puffed on his cigar then blew the smoke skyward, “I do see that. Perhaps not in the same way you do though.”
“How does your vision differ?”
Morgan cleared his throat and closed his eyes as if to collect his thoughts. “I’ve been around a lot longer than you, George. I know how the business game is played. And let me tell you, it’s an inefficient, bloody mess. The problem is that no one is in control – the entire system is run on chaos. People don’t understand the benefit of long-term stability. Most of my peers are out to make a quick dollar and damn any consequences. The unions and anarchists want to tear the whole system down so we can all share like children in kindergarten. And the government shackles business so tightly with their rules and regulations that there’s no room for dynamic growth. It begs the question, what kind of system can exist that will provide stable markets without boom and bust cycles, like the one we went through in ’07?” Morgan took another long puff on his cigar. “It’s a bigger issue than just commerce. You do understand that?”
 “I’m not sure I do, sir,” Vanderbilt answered, feeling like an overwhelmed freshman being schooled by the Professor Emeritus.
“The value in your plan is that it will impose order,” Morgan stated resolutely. “It’s simple, actually: your plan is to control commerce. And commerce controls business. And business drives America. Your plan will allow the business workings of the country to run at its maximum potential because it puts the control of our economic system into the hands of businessmen who understand the necessity of order and efficiency.”
“But the government ultimately controls the economic system,” Vanderbilt piped in.
“You really believe that, George? What is the government but a collection of bureaucrats and politicians? Despite what they say, they are not beholden to the people, but to a chaotic system of their creation whose sole purpose is to perpetuate their own existence. If the system collapses, especially the economic system, do you think anyone in government, even the President of the United States, would retain a shred of power? No. Their heads would be on pikes in a fortnight. 
“The beauty of your plan is that it quietly creates a vehicle for an enlightened group of businessmen to steer the American economy toward maximum efficiency. I do not believe you realize the enormous power that is contained in your plan – but I believe you are right in that it will stoke the fires of business throughout America. There is one problem with it though.”
“What is that, Mr. Morgan?”
“It’s blatantly illegal, a gross violation of the Sherman Anti-Trust Act. You are bringing too many divergent businesses under a single entity. It would trigger alarms in Washington in a second.”
“We’ve recognized this issue,” Vanderbilt countered. “We feel that the current administration looks favorably upon business and, if we worked with the right people within the administration, we would be able to gain their cooperation.”
“Are you referring to Major Butt?”
“Him, yes, among others.”
Morgan shook his head. “No, not good enough. You can’t bring the richest businessmen from diverse industries together in one group and say it’s not creating a monopoly. Especially when it is. And it doesn’t matter how close Major Butt is to Taft, he doesn’t have that much influence over policy. The only way for this project to work is for it to be controlled by just a few individuals cooperating with a single government entity in a very quiet way. 
“That’s not how Astor and I structured it, sir. Considering the size and scope of the project, it is our belief that the only way it could gain sufficient funding is to bring together the richest industrialists alive.”
“Your belief is wrong, George,” Morgan said bluntly. “I can make this plan a reality with my resources alone. You should have come to me first.”
“We did, sir,” Vanderbilt replied. “And you turned us down.”
“Touché. I suppose I did.” Morgan cleared his throat. “In any case, I know all of the people you have involved. Some are good people, some aren’t. But you will never get a consensus among them. Once the actual construction begins, it will disintegrate into backbiting, power plays and petty politics until the whole thing unravels. With a project of this scope you need a small group at the top overseeing its implementation.”
“It would be difficult to change course now.”
“Everything in life is difficult,” Morgan snapped, and then smiled. “But if it’s your conviction that’s how it is, then that’s how it should probably remain. For now. And what about Astor?” 
“What about him, Mr. Morgan?”
 “Why isn’t he here with you today? I wanted to meet with you both.”
Vanderbilt looked out the window and noticed a lone sloop navigating down the river. “Astor had important matters of a personal nature to attend to in New York. He asked me to convey his regrets for not being here.”
“George, it’s just not a good practice to let one’s personal affairs get in the way of business. I never let that happen with me.”
“No, sir,” Vanderbilt said deferentially. “But John Astor has recently married and he has some issues with his new bride that need attention. I hope you would understand and excuse his absence.”
Morgan said nothing. He rose from the table and walked to the window. A late afternoon moon was rising. Morgan stared at it for a long while. Vanderbilt watched, fascinated by Morgan contemplating the scarred face of the moon that, without too much imagination, resembled Morgan’s own scarred face. Morgan then blew one…two…three perfect smoke rings toward the rising moon. 
“I’m an old man, George. I move slowly, my mind grows tired, my body aches all over and I don’t have much time left on this earth. I certainly don’t want to needlessly charge at windmills. I like you. I like your project and I like your ambition. But I’m going to be honest: I do not wish to waste my energy or resources on something that will produce only headaches. I’ve worked with Astor before…quite closely and…oh, how can I put this…he has a tendency of being less than dependable. And the one thing I won’t tolerate is doing business with an unreliable partner.” 
“All I can say is that this project began with Colonel Astor,” Vanderbilt said defensively. “And while he can be frustrating to work with at times, I find him to be thoroughly creative and engaged.”
“The problem is not Astor’s creativity or level of engagement, but his ability to hold all the elements together over an extended period of time. So here is my proposition: you have four months to demonstrate to me that this project can work with the team you’ve assembled. I want to see land purchases, development plans and I want to have a meeting, a general meeting with every person who is involved so that we might all hammer out a shared vision of how we’ll get this done. If I am satisfied with this and the team you’ve assembled, I am on board with you. If not, well…” Morgan waved a dismissive hand through the air.
“Four months is very quick to put that all together, sir.”
Morgan puffed on his cigar and nodded. “You’re right. I’ll give you five. Now…” Morgan said, lightening his demeanor, “I know you’re a collector of rare books. I’ve recently purchased an exquisite Caxton.”
“Le Mort d’Arthur. Every book collector in the world knows of your purchase, Mr. Morgan.”
“I have it here in my library. Would you like to see it?” Morgan spoke with the glee of a young child wanting to show off what he got for Christmas. 


CHAPTER 39

On December 19, 1911, Archie accompanied Taft for a quick whirlwind of New York political banquets. Because of a severe snowstorm, the Presidential train was delayed for six hours. When Archie finally reached the Waldorf-Astoria at midnight, there was a message waiting for him at the front desk: I MUST SEE YOU STOP IMPORTANT STOP YOUR COBRA.
Belle. That woman never fails to surprise me. He took the elevator to his room, all the while thinking it would be nice to see her, but realizing it was just about impossible – his schedule with Taft was completely full. Stepping into his room he wondered if he should call Belle, but decided it was too late. Then the telephone rang. 
“Call for Major Butt from Miss da Costa Greene,” the hotel operator said. 
“Put her through.”
The low, sultry voice that came through the receiver was unmistakable. “Archie?” 
“So good to hear from you, Belle.”
“If it’s so good, Major, why haven’t you made any attempt to contact me?”
“Haven’t you read the papers? I’ve been gallivanting across the country with the President.”
“That’s no excuse, Archie, especially after what we shared with each other. You could have at least written a passionate letter or two. You don’t have a sweetheart, do you?”
Archie laughed. “Only the President of the United States and I wouldn’t call it a torrid romance.”
“My heart rests easy then,” Belle said playfully. “Can we see each other tomorrow?”
“I’d love to see you Belle, but my schedule with the President is packed tight.”
“Unpack it. Just for an hour. How about a quick tea? I’ll be at the Waldorf at noon.”
She hung up before he could say “no.”

It struck Archie that every time he saw Belle she became even more captivating. It wasn’t just that she was beautiful or exotic; it was the special way she seemed to light up the very air that surrounded her. Even when she was uncharacteristically dressed down, as she was that afternoon in a long winter coat and simple fur hat, every eye was on her as she crossed the Waldorf lobby.
“Belle,” Archie said happily.
“Archie.” She offered him her hand. He kissed it gallantly. “There’s a taxi waiting for us outside.” 
“I thought we were going to have tea here?” Archie said, surprised.
“I prefer a bit more atmosphere today.”
“I don’t have much time, Belle. I have to be back with the President at one-thirty.”
“Oh yes,” Belle smiled softly. “My rival who always wins your attention.”

The taxi traveled north along Madison Avenue. A light snow was beginning to fall, tangling up the already tangled traffic of horse carts, trolleys, and automobiles. “You know, I meant to get in touch with you, Belle,” Archie said in the back seat.
“If you had meant to, Archie, you would have,” she answered, taking his hand. “No apologies, please.” 
Her directness unsettled him. Archie looked out the cab’s window, watching the New York neighborhoods being transformed into fairy wonderlands with the new dusting of snow. The fresh beauty of the streets, the softness of Belle’s hand, gave Archie a sense of peace; a sense that was upended when he recognized the enchanting white landscape he was looking out on. “Do you know where we are?” Archie asked Belle.
“Do you?” she replied, as the taxi was slowing in front of a familiar tenement building.
“Hell’s Kitchen,” he answered.

They entered through the tenement’s front door and began climbing the narrow stairway. The walls smelled of sour ammonia, a scent that seemed permanently ingrained in the wood. It opened the floodgates of Archie’s memory: the walk through the same claustrophobic stairway two years earlier, the crowd of slum dwellers right out of Dante’s Inferno, and Mick – confident, passionate Mick – leading him through it all. This time it was Belle leading him. 
They stepped into the ramshackle second floor corridor. It was empty and cold as an icehouse. Archie blew on his hands to keep warm. Belle found a door with a faint 213 painted on it. She checked the number against a slip of paper she was holding, and then knocked. Something stirred on the other side of the door. Belle took Archie’s hand. “You’re hands are freezing, Archie.”  The door creaked open and an old man with a long white beard poked his head out. His wrinkled face was familiar; Archie remembered the old man was in the hallway before, saluting Mick with his palsied claw of a hand.
“Hello,” Belle smiled.
The man nodded then surveyed Archie completely before giving a little wave that they should enter. Belle and Archie shuffled into the small, cell-like room. There were only two pieces of furniture: a rumpled bed pushed against one wall and a splintered table that had three teacups set out. A fire crackled in a wood stove. A teapot was boiling on its top.
“Sit,” the man grunted, sweeping his quivering hand to the three flimsy wood chairs that were around the table. He shuffled to the stove and grabbed the teapot. 
“Let me help you, sir,” Archie said, rising from his chair.
“Sit!” the man ordered again. “I can do it just fine myself.” With his shaking hand, the man maneuvered the teapot over each cup and scattered the liquid along the cup sides, never hitting the center straight on but somehow not spilling a drop. He placed the steaming pot in the middle of the table and plopped into his chair.
“Lieutenant Lemuel Stuart, this is Major Archibald Butt,” Belle said formally.
“It’s an honor to meet you, Lieutenant Stuart,” Archie said, being carefully deferential to the old man. Stuart peered at Archie for a long moment, looking like he had just bitten into a lemon.
“You’re a reb, ain’t ya? I hear it, y’know?” Stuart pointed to his ears. “I can detect a reb accent anywhere. My ears still work sometimes. Where’d you fight?”
“I am in loyal service to the Army of the United States,” Archie enunciated clearly so the old man could understand. “My father and uncles all served in the Army of the Confederate States.”
“Umm. That’s what the damn war does, settin’ blood against blood. Where’s your people from?”
“Georgia,” Archie replied. “My father and his brothers fought in the 8th Georgia Calvary at the battles of Chickamauga, Atlanta and Altoona.”
Stuart sucked in a breath. “Well, I hope I didn’t kill any of ‘em, though I probably did.”
“You were in those battles?” 
“Sherman’s army, 103rd Ohio Infantry. We killed a lot of rebs and they killed a lot of us.” His jaw clenched and his eyes blinked with a hard twitch.
“Major Butt served with Mick Shaughnessy in the Philippines,” Belle piped up, trying to draw Stuart away from his daguerreotype memories.
“You served with Corporal Shaughnessy? Shoulda said that first instead of your reb relations.”
“The Major would like to know about Mick and you,” Belle said.
“Not that much to know. Corporal Shaughnessy was a stand up man,” Stuart stated, then pointed to the wood stove. “He got that for me. 1882 Pippin. Best damn cast iron stove ever made. Beauty, ain’t it? No more cold nights for me. This use to be a damn icehouse, excuse my French, but Mick, he went to battle with the landlord and got us all stoves, God bless him. And he made sure they didn’t cost us nothin’ extra. Just the rent. Mick said if we were up to date with the rent we shouldn’t have to freeze our asses off. He was fair like that. If you were behind, he’d try to help you out too, but he could only do so much.”
Belle’s eyes went toward Archie, whose attention was riveted on Stuart. 
“Excuse me, sir,” Archie said. “Are you saying Mick Shaughnessy collected your rent?”
“That’s what I was sayin’. You want to borrow my hearing cone?”
“He collected everyone’s rent, didn’t he?” Belle interjected.
“Yup. That’s what he did. Collected rent. But he wasn’t like those other jackals. He got us things, like the stoves. Made our lives better. A good man, Mick Shaughnessy,” Stuart stressed. “A shame what happened to him.”
“Do you know who he collected the rent for?” Belle questioned carefully.
“The goddamn landlord. Who else do you collect the rent for?!” Stuart shook his head at the obvious question.
“And who is the landlord?” Archie asked, now very curious.
“The son-of-a-bitch who owns this goddam place. I dunno. I just give him my money and I’m sure he’s glad to take it.”
“Then you don’t know his name?” Archie asked, trying another approach.
“No, sir,” Stuart said, then grinned. “Though we all have made up a bunch of nasty names for the bastard. You folks want more tea?”
Archie pulled out his pocket watch. “I’ve got to get back to the President.”
“The President?!” Stuart exclaimed.
“Major Butt is the President’s Military Aide,” Belle said to Stuart.
“Well, you give ol’ Abe my regards, will ya?” Stuart said. “And pat little Todd on the head for me.”
“Will do, Lieutenant Stuart. And thank you very much for the tea,” Archie said politely, and then rose to leave.

The snow was falling heavily when Belle and Archie stepped from the tenement and made their way to the waiting taxi. “You knew about this?” Archie asked.
“I’ve been doing some research. I promised I would help.”
“What else do you know?”
“Mick not only collected rent for this building, he was the collector for all of Hell’s Kitchen. He took these people’s money and at the same time tried to make their lives a little more bearable.”
Archie could hardly believe what he was hearing. “But you don’t know who the slumlord is?”
 “But I do,” Belle answered.
Archie stared at her, watching the snow form a delicate crown of flakes on the edges of her fur hat. “Are you going to keep me in suspense in this freezing snow?”
“In this beautiful snow,” Belle said, taking both of Archie’s hands in hers. She looked down Amsterdam Avenue. There was no traffic. New York was eerily empty and quiet. Belle exhaled a stream of frosty air then uttered, “John Jacob Astor the Fourth.”  The snow started to fall so thickly that the ghostly street disappeared and there was only Archie and Belle shrouded in a universe of pure white. Belle continued, “The Morgan Bank holds the note on all of these properties. Mr. Morgan and John Astor have done business for over twenty years. Mick handled all of Astor’s business for these tenements. He even deposited the money into Astor’s accounts at the Morgan Bank.”
“How did you find all of this out?”
“How does a librarian always find things out? I looked in the files.”
“Morgan gives you access to his bank’s files?”
“Of course not, Archie. But I’m Mr. Morgan’s personal librarian. I have his trust…and a set of his keys. With a little research I found out where the pertinent records were and…” she made a twisting motion with her hand, pantomiming unlocking a drawer, “…helped myself to the information.”
“What if Morgan found out you did this?”
“He’d fire me,” Belle shrugged. 
“You took this risk to help me?” 
Belle let out a little laugh. “He’d hire me back the next day. He couldn’t live without me. Besides, sometimes you have to take a little risk to get what you want.” She stepped close, brushing against him. “I think we’d better go. The President will be wondering where you are.”


CHAPTER 40

George Vanderbilt called. George Vanderbilt wrote. George Vanderbilt cabled. And John Astor remained silent. He had completely disappeared, vanished into thin air, never once answering Vanderbilt’s pleas. Time was flying by. Vanderbilt felt more alone than ever, abandoned by his partner. He began to think Morgan was right in his unflattering assessment of Astor. Then a telegram finally came: DECEMBER 30 STOP ONE P.M. STOP GRAND CENTRAL TERMINAL STOP MY PRIVATE CAR STOP J.J. ASTOR.

The new Grand Central Station was still under construction when George walked up its stairs. Because the Vanderbilt family owned the station, he had access through the dusty, half-built terminal. Everything changes. The old depot on 42nd Street was, in George Vanderbilt’s memory, the most wonderful and exciting building he had ever entered. The first time he saw it, he was just a child of seven, holding the hand of his white-haired grandfather, the Commodore, Cornelius Vanderbilt I. It was a gigantic edifice that funneled the masses of busy travelers into a colossal train shed that was covered by a towering iron and glass roof. The fact that his white-haired grandfather built and owned it made the day all the more magical, because little George was allowed to run wild through the vast terminal and then was treated to ice cream and cake.
Less than forty years later they tore down the enchanted building of George Vanderbilt’s childhood to replace it with, what seemed to Vanderbilt, a clumsy structure of concrete and stone. George disliked everything about the new building, from the overblown Beaux Arts façade to its heavy, stone laden interior. He missed the soaring poetry of glass, the light elegance of design and function that did not have the need to pompously proclaim its own importance.
Vanderbilt found his way to an outlying track where Astor’s private car sat like a solitary recluse. He knocked on the car’s door. “Jack? Are you there?” The door creaked opened and Vanderbilt was shocked by what he saw. John Astor’s face was drawn and chalk white with deep half-moon crevices under his eyes. He looked like a man who hadn’t slept for months.
“Hello, George,” Astor mumbled then turned and retreated. Vanderbilt climbed onboard, following Astor into the ornate private car.
“Congratulations on your marriage, Jack,” Vanderbilt said.
Astor muttered, “thank you,” and indicated Vanderbilt should sit in one of the cushioned chairs that were arranged in the center of the car. Astor plopped himself on a small sofa opposite Vanderbilt.
“I’ve been trying to get a hold of you, Jack.”
“I know,” Astor said. “Sorry. I have to hide out here to get some peace of mind. I’ve been preoccupied lately.”
“I suppose a new bride could do that,” Vanderbilt said, trying to lighten the mood.
“Umm,” was all Astor could answer, then lit a cigarette. 
“Jack, listen, I met with Morgan. He likes the project. But he wants the details ironed out before he’ll commit any of his resources.” 
“They’re out to destroy her,” Astor responded absently, not hearing a word of what Vanderbilt had said.
“Destroy whom?”
“Madeleine. And what has she ever done? Marry me. The poor girl had the misfortune to fall in love with John Jacob Astor. It’s me they despise because I never fit in with their ridiculous codes of behavior and silly parties. Ava was perfect for them. They fancied her because she was a catty bitch like all the rest of them. But my Madeleine, she’s a sweet, innocent girl. And they hate her for it. Hate her.”
“It can’t be that bad, Jack.” 
“It’s worse than bad. We go to parties and they barely talk to us. But behind our backs all they do is gossip. They call her a gold digger and me a cradle robber. They’ve made our marriage into the scandal of the decade. Madeleine is in tears every day over the things she hears said about her.”
“Forget them, Jack. Perhaps if you could get back to work…”
Astor interrupted. “We’re going to Europe to get away from this poisonous atmosphere. A long honeymoon. I’ve got it all planned.  First Egypt, then Paris and Rome.”
“You can’t go to Europe now!” Vanderbilt blurted with more than a hint of desperation in his voice. “Morgan has given us only a few more months to put the project together. Then he wants to meet with all the key people. We’re close, Jack! This project is too important for you to just run off to Europe. It was your idea to begin with. You have a responsibility to it!”
 “If it was my idea, I can go anywhere I damn well please,” Astor said, dragging deeply on his cigarette until it burnt down to a nub, then he lit another on the burning tip of the first one. “My responsibility is to my wife. If you’re so concerned about the project why don’t you take care of everything and then we’ll all meet in Europe.” Astor’s eyebrows suddenly arched upwards. “Yes, that’s it! We’ll escape from all the pressures and find some retreat to work the whole scheme out. What about Italy?”
“What are you talking about?!” Vanderbilt had to stifle his impulse to scream at Astor. “This is a group of very busy men. They can’t all just run off to Europe on a whim.”
“No whim, dear boy, but the greatest project they’ll ever be involved in. Besides, I’d think they’d all enjoy a little holiday. You arrange it.” Astor stood up and extended his hand to Vanderbilt. “It’s settled then. Italy.” Astor took Vanderbilt’s hand and shook it for a brief second before swiveling away and turning his back on his partner.

Vanderbilt walked back through one of the old terminal’s claustrophobic tunnels. The afternoon rush was in full swing and the tunnel was crowded with commuters pushing their way through the dank subterranean passageway. Vanderbilt was lost in his thoughts – angry that Astor had abdicated responsibility for the entire project, but in a sense, glad that the fate of the project now rested in his hands. He began pondering how he would approach the other men and convince them to meet in Europe. Enveloped in the anonymity of the bustling tunnel and deep in his thoughts, he didn’t feel being jostled from behind. Nor did he get a sense that his overcoat was being pushed aside and a small hand was reaching into the back pocket of his trousers and slipping out his wallet. 
The grimy boy who carried out the swift and skillful picking of Vanderbilt’s pocket had no idea that this was his lucky day and that the wallet he lifted contained two crisp one-hundred dollar bills. All the boy wanted was enough money for a decent meal and a warm bed. His strongest desire that afternoon was to dissolve into a deep sleep so that he might find relief from his fears. He was scared that the police would find him and send him back to Sing Sing. Or, worse, that he might be forced to spend the night outside and freeze to death on some unforgiving New York street.
When Henry opened the wallet and found the bills, he allowed himself to feel that maybe his luck was changing. The money guaranteed him a meal, warm bed and more. Perhaps a night’s sleep in a bed would help ease his horrific experience of the last months. Perhaps his dreams could sail him away from the land of fear. Perhaps they might even carry him toward the distant shores of hope.


CHAPTER 41

"This is insane!” Archie blurted, startling himself. He was sitting alone in the front seat of his new Pope-Hartfort automobile, across the street from the building that housed the Department of Justice. It was one-thirty in the morning, four days after New Year’s day. Washington D.C. was a freezing ghost town. The members of Congress were still away on their Christmas break. Businesses were locked tight and the streets were slick after a freezing rain. Archie wiped the perspiration from his hands on the front of his sport jacket. 
The keys to the building were in his pocket. As Chief Military Aide to the President, it wasn’t hard to get them. He crossed the street and walked up to the building’s bronze doors. He replayed the argument for breaking in one more time: that this was a minor moral infraction, overridden by the need to get to the bottom of a murder, Mick Shaughnessy’s murder. He slid the key into the lock. The heavy bronze door opened easily, leading into a cavernous foyer that was dark and freezing cold. Archie took a step in then stopped. Second thoughts flooded through his mind. He could easily turn back and abort this late-night mission. 
“Excuse me,” a clipped voice cut the air. Archie whirled. A young soldier stood at the edge of the foyer, his hand poised near his revolver. “What is your business here?” 
“Official business,” Archie said weakly, like a little boy who was caught sneaking into the candy store.
“This building is closed.” 
“Yes, I understand that.”
“Then what are you doing here?”
Archie fumbled. “I could leave and perhaps come back when the building is open in the morning?”
“That would probably be best,” the soldier said. 
Archie seemed relieved. He grasped the door handle, ready to pull it, but didn’t. Instead, he spun and met the young soldier’s gaze. “I have instructions from the President of the United States to access important information. While I can do it tomorrow morning, it would be best for me to accomplish the mission this evening. I am Major Archibald Butt, Chief Military Aide to President Taft. I trust you know of me.”
The soldier stared at Archie, combing the features of his face. Then saluted. “My apologies, Major Butt. I have seen you many times by the President’s side. I didn’t recognize you without your uniform. I was just following procedure.”
Archie saluted back. “And you did well, young man. Now, I shall proceed and we need not bother each other again.” 

 Archie quickly made his way through the dark corridors to an office near the back of the building. The stencil on the door’s pebbled glass window read: Director Stanley Finch – Bureau of Investigation. Archie took a second key from his pocket, unlocked the door and entered. He walked through the outer office into Finch’s inner sanctum. It had been over a year since he had last been in the office. It had grown even more ostentatious. The heavy blue drapes were drawn. There was a couch on one side of the room that was bracketed by end tables on which stood two bronze eagles. Eagles were the overriding motif of the office – sculpted, cast and painted. A line of the stuffed birds was even perched along the top of the large wooden filing cabinet, peering over the office like vigilant sentries.
Archie made his way to that cabinet. He remembered the exact drawer that Finch had taken Mick’s file from – first column, third drawer down. He grabbed the handle and tugged. The drawer didn’t budge. “Damn,” Archie muttered. Then his memory sharpened. He recalled a large key ring with countless keys. He remembered how exacting Finch was in finding the right key then sliding it into the barrel lock. 
Maybe the desk, that would be a logical place to keep the keys. He walked around the large desk, slightly unsettled by the stuffed eagles that seemed to be watching him with their glinting glass eyes. He pulled open the desk’s top drawer. Inside was a neatly arranged set of fountain pens, a stack of paper with Finch’s letterhead splashed across the top in bold letters, and a small, snub-nosed pistol. No keys. Archie rubbed his face and pulled out his pocket watch. 2:15. He rummaged through the drawer again, hoping against hope that maybe he missed something. He didn’t. He was about to close the drawer, but instead, reached for the pistol. The small gun felt light in his hand. He snapped opened the barrel. All the five chambers held bullets. He drew the gun up and examined its pearl handle.
The image of Mick, his gun held high over his head while bursting into the Manila slaughterhouse, came to Archie’s mind. He re-gripped the pistol and walked to the file cabinet. Taking a handkerchief from his coat pocket, Archie wrapped it around the barrel then raised the gun inches from the lock. “This is insane,” Archie said for the second time that early morning while taking dead aim. Without hesitation, he squeezed the trigger. He expected a modest pop from the tiny gun, especially with the handkerchief wrapped around it. But in the still of the night, the gunshot exploded like a cannon. The barrel lock twisted into a lump of metal. Archie tugged the drawer open and peered in, half expecting to find it empty. It wasn’t; it was full of neatly arranged folders labeled with names familiar to him – politicians, civil servants, financiers, businessmen, even foreign ambassadors. One file immediately drew his attention: “John Pierpoint Morgan.” He pulled it out and began reading. The report detailed every bit of nasty gossip and rumor ever spoken about Morgan. Having no desire to learn of Morgan’s many mistresses, he returned the file then continued looking through the drawer, thumbing toward the back for the name he was after. Salinger… Sands… Seely…  Seltzer…Shaughnessy. There it was!  He lifted out the thick file then quickly moved to Finch’s desk and sat in the leather chair. 
Mick’s file contained three folders. In the first folder were his Army records: standard recruitment forms, results of enlistment tests, his induction dates and postings. There was a memo from his basic training Sergeant commending Mick on his “physical prowess and superior intelligence.” The same memo also noted that “Private Shaughnessy has difficulty with authority and despite his excellent soldierly traits, is sometimes deficient in his ability to follow orders.” 
Then he saw the picture that Finch had showed him before, of Mick and him together in their dress uniforms. Archie remembered that it was taken on a summer’s evening in Manila. Mick had high hopes of being transferred to a combat unit and suggested they get a picture together “in case either of us make the ultimate sacrifice of a soldier.” Archie told Mick that, as an officer in charge of livestock, it was doubtful he would be in mortal danger. “You never know, Captain,” was Mick’s reply. The next day Archie was kidnapped. 
Archie was so caught up in the report he didn’t hear the guard coming into the room. “Sir!” the soldier said. 
Startled, Archie looked up. “Yes? What is it?” Archie answered, all the while noticing the soldier taking in the scene, scrutinizing the spread of folders and papers over Finch’s desk.
“I heard a gunshot,” the soldier said. “I thought there may have been some trouble.” 
“No trouble. You can return to your post, private.”
The soldier’s look wandered to the filing cabinet with the lock blown open.
“You can return to your post, private!” Archie repeated firmly.
“Yes, sir,” the soldier answered. 
Archie waited for him to step out of the office and listened for his footsteps to recede. He opened the thin second folder. It chronicled Mick’s activities after he left the Army. There was a picture of a wedding party – eight men and a woman, stiffly posed in an old, country church. The names of the people were written over their images in fading black ink: Mick Shaughnessy, Bridget Murphy, Arthur Griffith, Seamus Deakin, Eamon de Valera, Cathal Brugha, Neal O’Boyal, John Mulholland, Patrick Pearse. Written on the back of the picture, in tight, precise handwriting, was a note: August 24, 1905, Michael Shaughnessy marries Bridget Murphy, daughter of Charles Murphy, in Cork County, Ireland.
A hand written report followed the picture. “Shaughnessy has attached himself to the leadership of Irish agitators and is currently training Irish rebel forces, including members of the Fenian Brotherhood, Gaelic League and the Irish Republican Brotherhood. Shaughnessy is a former U.S. Army officer. His knowledge of military strategies and tactics are considered formidable, as is his dedication to the causes he champions. It is recommended that his activities be held under surveillance.” 
Following that page was a series of reports detailing Mick’s experiences in Ireland. Though the language was dry and matter of fact, the reports read like adventure stories. Mick had allied himself with rebels that were conspiring to fight England for Irish home rule. Because his activities put him in danger, Mick sent his pregnant wife to America in 1906. One of the reports noted, “Shaughnessy leads his life recklessly, drinking and womanizing as he pursues his radical activities.” 
Mick was arrested by the Irish Provincial police in a room above Davy Byrne’s public house in Dublin. He was found next to a printing press and a stack of pamphlets promoting Irish revolution. He attempted to escape by breaking a window and was shot in the shoulder. Ireland deported Shaughnessy back to the United States in March of 1907. The Justice Department official who wrote the reports signed it with the same tight handwriting: Agent Stanley Finch. 
Archie peered at the ticking clock on Finch’s desk: 4:13. He was exhausted, yet compelled by Mick’s story. He pulled out the last folder. In the first report, Finch wrote of visiting Mick in an Ellis Island detention cell. “The detainee was offered the Justice Department’s conditions for non-prosecution. It was made clear to him that if he did not cooperate, he would be remanded for trial. The detainee said that he did not break any laws of the United States then stated, ‘You bloody go to hell.’” 
After several more contentious encounters in the detention cell, Finch tried a new tactic. “I showed the detainee documents written by radicals and subversives that advocated a violent revolution in America. I pointed out that he could save countless lives by working with us.”
Mick refused at first, and then had a sudden change of heart. “Shaughnessy indicated that he was willing to cooperate with the Justice Department’s request if certain requisites for his collaboration were met. His terms included autonomy within the parameters of the Justice Department’s assignments, a specified time limit in which he would carry out his assignments, resettlement after this time limit, and a pension for his wife and child should he be disabled or killed while carrying out his assignments.”
According to Finch’s report, Mick Shaughnessy went to work as a spy to “infiltrate the anarchist circles of the United States” on October 27, 1907. His reputation as an Irish revolutionary allowed him to gain entrance into the inner world of the radical movement. He began by going to meetings in Greenwich Village and was immediately accepted as a compatriot. Mick submitted short reports to Finch, which were included in the file. “There appears to be no coherent plan within the movement for the overthrow of the government,” Mick wrote in an early report. “Each separate organization within the radical circles has its own agenda with their own schemes and strategies, ranging from peaceful political protest to violent confrontation. Not only is there no coordination between the organizations, but there is continual dissension, jealousies and animosities that render a significant threat against the U.S. government minimal.”
Finch had scribbled in the margins, Could this be misleading? noting his suspicion of Mick’s information. 
Captivated, Archie turned to the next report and was shaken when he saw a new person profiled in the pages: “Captain Archibald Butt, the Chief Military Aide to the President, is Shaughnessy’s former commanding officer. This office believes that Butt could gain Shaughnessy’s trust and would be an ideal person to observe and convey Shaughnessy’s activities back to us. Butt is a loyal and rather innocuous functionary.” 
Archie grew distressed as he continued to read. The report gave a detailed account his life – his upbringing, his parents, his close relationship with his mother, his life in the Army, his friendship with Mick and his service in the White House with Roosevelt and Taft. It even recounted every type of wild rumor and gossip about him. Archie read a rumor that had him as an agent of the Freemasons who wanted to subvert the worship of the Christian God in America; another bit of hearsay reported that Archie was unmarried because he was actually a homosexual.  
Archie began shaking with anger, trying to make some sense of it all when he heard a sharp rap. He looked up and saw the backlit silhouette of a short man pointing a revolver at him from the doorway. “What the hell are you doing, Butt?” Stanley Finch spat, his voice full of contempt. Stunned, Archie couldn’t utter a word. “The guard called me after you’d been shooting guns off in my office,” Finch continued. “You’ve just thrown your career away, you know that? You’re done.”
“I don’t think so,” Archie said hoarsely, finding his voice.
“I’m seeing a list of criminal charges right in front of me. Forcible entry of federal property, theft of confidential documents. You’re looking at years of prison.”
“I think you may be speaking about yourself,” Archie said, his speech growing steadier. 
 “What are you talking about?” Finch snorted.
“The files in your cabinet. You’re spying on Americans.”
“Don’t be ridiculous. They’re just standard background portfolios. We’re fulfilling the mandate of this agency.”
“Is that so?” Archie said aggressively. “Standard background portfolios are not filled with every sort of personal information.”
Finch’s lips moved into a wry smile. “My agency does a good job. That’s why the files are confidential and locked in my office. It is part of this agency’s responsibilities.”
“To invade people’s privacy? I believe that right is protected in the Constitution, sir.”
“This agency’s mandate is to uphold the Constitution and protect America from its enemies. And we have a right to do whatever is necessary to carry out the agency’s mandate. This office is the last line of defense of those who would destroy our republic,” Finch said, his hand gripping his gun tighter. “And as you have illegally broken into this office and shot your way into these classified files, that makes you a criminal and an enemy of the republic.”
“You’re crazy!” Archie blurted.
Finch bit his lower lip, trying hard to restrain himself. “I’m perfectly in my rights to put an end to you right now. Who’s to say you didn’t try firing at me?”
Archie saw in Finch’s agitated face the real possibility that he could pull the trigger. “You wouldn’t do that,” Archie said calmly. “It would be a mess to kill me in your office. There would be publicity. An investigation. In fact, even arresting me would be messy. I would reveal everything about the files. My career would be finished, you’re right about that. But so would yours. Everything you worked so hard to create would be gone in a sensational, scandalous mess.” 
Finch cast his eyes down and chewed on Archie’s words. He knew Archie was right and he wasn’t happy about it. “Okay, Butt,” Finch grumbled. “You’ll just have to resign and go quietly into the night.”
“I don’t think so. I have the President’s ear.”
“You don’t know whose ear I have,” Finch trumpeted with chilly bravado. The two stared at each other like gunslingers from the old west – Finch clutching his pistol; Archie trying to remain calm in the face of the gun barrel. “I’d get rid of all these files if I were you,” Archie said.
“But you’re not me,” Finch growled. “And we both must be patriots. I won’t say a word about what happened here tonight and neither will you. Now get the hell out of here.”
Archie continued to stare down Finch for a long, defiant moment before slowly turning to leave. 

Opening the heavy door of the building and stepping outside, Archie was surprised by the freezing morning that greeted him. He entered the building in darkness and expected darkness when he exited. Instead, he was met by the brightening light of the rising winter sun. He felt weary and took a gulp of the bracing air. Gazing across the city’s horizon, he was struck by the sight of the Washington Monument. Sunlight shimmered along one side of the white obelisk so that a long morning shadow was cast over the city. It struck Archie that the towering monolith was like the gleaming blade of a giant sundial cutting into the boundless sky. The monument that Archie always felt was oddly useless, now seemed to gain a purpose: it was a reminder to the powerful men who inhabited the city below that they were strutting across this seeming momentous stage for only a brief instant of time and that their importance would evaporate as quickly as the shadow the monument cast.  



CHAPTER 42

As 1911 drew to an end, the labor movement suffered a significant setback. In Los Angeles, the McNamara brothers, who were held up as brave (and innocent) warriors in the labor struggle, suddenly plead guilty to the bombing of the L.A. Times and the deaths of 14 Times workers. Reaction to the plea reversal was strong and swift. Newspaper editorials proclaimed the labor movement dangerous to the country. Labor leaders were portrayed as unrepentant radicals whose real goal was the violent overthrow of the government.
In Big Bill Haywood’s case, it was true. His goal was a workers uprising, violent or not, he really didn’t care as long as it was successful. As public sentiment turned away from the worker’s movement, Haywood became even more obsessed with igniting the fire of revolution any way he could. Barnstorming the country, Haywood delivered one incendiary speech after another, speeches that denounced the capitalist system and offered a militant socialist vision as the only alternative. He stopped short of publicly calling for revolution in the streets, knowing that would get him a quick trip to prison. 
Haywood spoke 5 times a week, 52 weeks a year, to any size crowd that would listen. He spoke to coal miners and shoe cobblers, textile laborers and farmers, steelworkers and printers, preaching the gospel of radical change. All during his travels Haywood was on the lookout for another event that would swing the country’s sympathies back behind working men and women. 
He found that event when the Massachusetts State legislature passed a mild labor reform bill that cut the work week for women and children from fifty-six hours to fifty-four hours. The mill owners were infuriated. “Government interference!” they protested and looked for ways to retaliate against the new law. 
On Friday, January 12 – payday – the women workers at the Everett Cotton Mills saw their checks and realized the mill owners cut their wages. Shouts of “short pay” spread through the mill. The women stopped their looms and walked out. It was a spontaneous uprising. They met later that day and realized they had no idea how to organize an effective strike, so they sent a telegram to the only labor leader they ever heard of, Big Bill Haywood, and asked for help and guidance. Haywood’s organization, the Industrial Workers of the World (IWW), quickly dispatched organizers to Lawrence, Massachusetts, the center of the budding protest. The IWW organizers were greeted by a simple message from Lawrence’s mayor: “We will break this strike.” Within a day, Eugene Foss, the governor of Massachusetts – who was also a mill owner – sent five hundred state militiamen to Lawrence to “keep order.”
On Monday, January 15, one thousand men, women and children set up picket lines at Lawrence’s mills. They were met by the state militia who opened fire hoses and sprayed freezing water at the protesters. The strikers then threw snowballs at the guardsmen who, in turned, charged the crowd with rifles that had fixed bayonets. Thirty-four strikers were arrested. They were tried that evening by a judge. Three were sentenced to two years in prison; the rest got a year’s sentence. The judge said, “The only way we can teach them is to deal out the severest sentences.”
By the end of the first week, fourteen thousand mill workers were on the picket line. The mill owners, inspired by the bombing of the L.A. Times, hatched a plot to dynamite one of the mills and blame it on the strikers. They anonymously tipped off the police, who discovered an unexploded bundle of dynamite. When the initial story got out, there was nationwide outrage. A New York Times editorial stated, “The strikers display a fiendish lack of humanity which ought to place them beyond the comfort of religion until they have repented.” 
However, the mill owners’ plot was exposed by a foolish error – the dynamite bundle was wrapped in a magazine cover addressed to a political figure tied to the owners. Newspapers began retracting their harsh words and shifted their sympathy to the strikers. Each side dug in and became more militant. On the third week of the strike, violence broke out between police and the demonstrators. A young woman striker, Anna LoPizzo, was shot dead. A young Syrian boy, John Ramy, was stabbed by a bayonet and died later that night. The Governor declared marshal law. The IWW organizers were arrested for incitement that led to the killings, even though they were three miles away.
With his organizers in jail and the strike unraveling into violent chaos, Bill Haywood trained up from Manhattan to take over the strike’s reins. He had last directed a strike in 1904. Many doubted that the firebrand had the organizational skills to be an effective organizer – he was seen more as a rabble-rousing leader.
Haywood arrived in Lawrence to a fanfare by the strikers. Despite marshal law, he coordinated small meetings of strikers and instituted a disciplined strike plan. High on the agenda was to garner nationwide sympathy. Haywood created a press release with pictures of soldiers pointing their bayonets at picketing children. The caption read: “Military Law Declared in Massachusetts!” 
By the end of the third week there were 20,000 mill workers away from their looms. The strikers were inspired, marching and singing union hymns in the streets of Lawrence. A reporter noticed a pretty young woman’s picket sign: “We want bread and roses too.” He wrote a story about the marchers and the slogan. It was printed the next day and the strike became known as “The Bread and Roses Strike.”

* * *

From his Manhattan penthouse, George Vanderbilt was faced with the task of convincing America’s wealthiest tycoons to travel across the ocean to Europe for a business meeting. He knew it was a tall task. He began by setting the original list of names next to the telephone on his office desk. The stained and wrinkled sheet of paper was filled with checks and cross outs, questions marks and exclamation points; there were new names added in the margins and black ink stars by those who attended the first meeting and expressed genuine interest in being part of The Plan. Vanderbilt went down the list, calling each prominent man who had a star by his name and telling him that the project was nearing implementation. He explained that, at this critical juncture, it was important to have a meeting of everyone who wished to be involved. Most of the men were excited when they heard this. “It is Colonel Astor’s and my opinion that we would get far more accomplished by isolating ourselves for a period and completely focusing on the task at hand,” Vanderbilt said. The majority of men were agreeable until Vanderbilt mentioned that Italy was the place they had chosen for the retreat. Half the men were confused and couldn’t understand why they had to go so far away. The other half loved the idea of a European junket. When it came down to it, ten men were able to give a firm commitment to travel abroad for the meeting. They would form the core planning group.
Vanderbilt’s last phone call was to Archie. “Major Butt,” Vanderbilt started. “It is an honor to talk with you.”
“Likewise, Mr. Vanderbilt. To what do I owe the pleasure?”
As he did with all the men he called, Vanderbilt started by talking about the meeting. “It’s imperative you be there, Major.”
“And Colonel Astor will be there as well?”
“Of course,” Vanderbilt said. “This is Colonel Astor’s project as much as mine.”
“Good,” Archie said. “Count me in.”
Then Vanderbilt said that Rome was chosen as the place to meet. “Rome? Can’t we find someplace in the States?” Archie replied. 
“When all is said and done, Colonel Astor and I have determined that Rome would be the best place for the meeting.”
“I can’t take time off now. No, I can’t leave the President.” 
But Vanderbilt’s sales pitch was sharply honed. He stressed how important this project was to the nation and the central role Archie would play. “What would it take to get you to Rome, Major Butt?” Vanderbilt pressed.
“A miracle,” Archie uttered.
“I’ll try and arrange one, Major. That’s how important I feel your presence is.”
Archie thanked Vanderbilt for the compliment and asked to be kept informed on the project’s progress.

* * *

Amid the chattering, jostling New York multitudes at Penn Station, Henry caught a glimpse of himself reflected in a mirror near the ticket window. He cocked his head at the curious image. The boy he saw in the mirror looked good, great even, like one of those boys who worked as messengers in the high-rise Flat Iron Building near Madison Square Park. He was dressed like them too – long wool trousers, high starched collar, tight knotted tie, slim fitting coat and, last but not least, mirror polished shoes. The entire outfit cost $12.75 – a fortune – but Henry believed that the two hundred dollars that he found in the wallet was a gift of providence to balance out the injustices he had suffered. The truth was that Henry needed the suit like a knight needed armor. The suit protected him from the dark fear that was always with him: that his identity would be discovered and he would be returned to Sing Sing, locked away and silenced in a hellish cell with no way out.
It had been almost two months since he escaped. Five weeks since he pick-pocketed the money. The night he discovered the two hundred dollars in the wallet, he sat on a curbside, clutched the two bills to his chest and wept for an hour. He decided he wouldn’t return to his familiar haunts around Five Points, there was too much of a chance that someone would turn Judas on him. Instead, he walked up Columbus Avenue to the Upper West Side where he found a little boarding house that, for four dollars a week, would take him in, no questions asked. He stayed in his room for the first three weeks, most of the time sleeping a dreamless sleep, letting his body and psyche heal. Flesh began to fill in the hollows of his face; his eyes regained a glint of life. After nearly a month, he began venturing out of the boarding house, taking walks around the corner to the Hotel des Artistes, then north to Columbia University and over to Central Park. He would let the winter air blast against his cheeks. 
By the fifth week he began making plans. His first thought was to head west to the land of opportunity. Visions of a new, adventurous life amid cowboys and Indians filled his head. But he didn’t know how to ride a horse and the last thing he wanted was to camp out under the stars – he had his fill of that while on the run from Sing Sing. He pondered heading to Florida, but anything south of New Jersey was as foreign as China to Henry. He finally decided he should seek out someone who could help him. There was only one person in the world like that, even if that person had already let him down. So when he found himself at the front of a Penn Station ticket line and the clerk behind the window said, “Where to?” Henry answered, “Washington D.C.” 


CHAPTER 43

With his popularity continuing to plummet and fearing that Roosevelt would soon announce his candidacy for President, Taft decided to embark on a week-long political junket through the upper mid-west to “win back those Republicans who wandered off the reservation.” It turned out to be an exhausting odyssey, filled with late night banquets and early morning wake-up calls. For Archie, it was too much coffee, too many cigars and far too many chummy slaps on the back. By the time the Presidential entourage returned to Washington D.C., Archie was a hacking, wheezing mess. “You sound terrible, Archie,” Taft said as the Presidential train pulled into the station. “Why don’t you stay at the White House tonight. We’ll have a doctor see you in the morning.”
“Thank you, Mr. President, but I prefer my own bed,” Archie weakly replied.
Archie’s G Street townhouse was only two blocks from the White House. That evening, the two blocks seemed like a thousand miles. Archie grew sicker and more delirious with each step. He had made the walk hundreds of times before, but this time, through his fevered haze, he thought he made a wrong turn and was lost. A chill came over him. He needed to lie down. But not here, not on the sidewalk. He pushed forward, looking around, confused, trying to get his bearings, concentrating hard to find some landmark he recognized when, hallelujah, he caught sight of the distinctive cornice of his own home. He jammed his hand into his pocket, clutched the house key, and took off, hurtling stiff-legged down the block then up the few steps to his front door. Just as he slipped his key into the lock, a nicely dressed young man emerged from the darkness.
“Geezus,” the young man shouted. “I thought you’d never show up.”
Archie looked quizzically at the young man.
“We got a lot to talk about, Captain.”
“Excuse me?” Archie murmured.
“What’s the matter? Ya don’t recognize me?” 
“I’m sorry, but I don’t. I must go inside.”
 “It’s me! Henry!” the young man gleefully shouted.
Archie coughed, still not recognizing him. “I’m sorry young man, but I have just returned from a long trip.” 
“That’s okay. Just put me up tonight and we’ll talk in the morning,” the young man said, then opened his mouth in a wide, gap-tooth grin. 
At that moment Archie did recognize him: he was the boy that jabbed a gun in his ribs in Central Park, the boy he last saw in a New York jail cell. “I’m sorry, I can give you money for a hotel, but…” then Archie started coughing and couldn’t stop.
“You don’t sound good, Captain. I’d say you’re comin’ down with a flu. And I know just the remedy. Why don’t you let me in and I’ll make you a hot cuppa tea with lemon. I ain’t gonna hurt you and it ain’t good for your health to be standin’ out here in the cold. Whattya say?”
“I say you’re crazy. Now please leave…”
“Mick would want me to take care of you just like I took care of him. You can depend on me, Captain.” 
“Mick…” Archie’s voice trailed off as a flush of dizziness came over him. He pushed his door open and stumbled into the house. Henry followed him in. “Now, I want you to go right up stairs and hop into bed. I’ll find the kitchen and make some tea and bring it on up. I’ll sleep on the couch tonight and we’ll reintroduce ourselves in the mornin’.”
 Archie tried to object again but Henry wouldn’t hear it. “Captain, you’re sicker than a mangy mutt,” Henry chided. “Now let’s get you into bed and Henry will take care of everything.”
Archie teetered on his feet. Henry went to steady him, grabbing his arm beneath the shoulder and propping him up. Archie finally surrendered and let the boy help him up the stairs to the bedroom. 

The next day Archie grew even sicker. He hardly had the strength to sit up in bed. Henry insisted that he not go to work. “Gimme the line to the White House and I’ll tell ol’ Taft you can’t make it in today.”
“No,” Archie croaked. “You don’t call anyone.”
“Okay, then you call ‘em.”
Archie stared at the boy who was giving him such authoritative commands. Then he called in sick. 
Over the next three days Archie descended into a hellish bout with the flu. His days were filled with vomiting, his nights with hot sweats. Henry was by his side, bringing tea and making sure Archie stayed in bed. He wouldn’t even let him come downstairs. “Captain, if you don’t take care of yourself you ain’t ever gonna get better,” Henry said. Archie was so weak that he gave in without an argument. On the fourth day of his illness, Archie regained enough strength to put on a robe and meander from his bedroom. He started down the stairs, then stopped and surveyed his living room. Henry had rearranged all the furniture. 
“Henry!!” Archie called. 
“In here, Captain,” Henry answered from the kitchen.
Archie walked in the kitchen to see Henry hunched over an ironing board, pressing and hanging Archie’s shirts and trousers.
“What are you doing?!” Archie bellowed.
“Your clothes were a mess. If you’re gonna be standin’ next to the President all the time, I should think you’d wanna present yourself properly.”
“My clothes weren’t pressed because I had returned from a long trip. And I present myself just fine, Henry.”
“I’m sure you do. I’m jus’ helpin’ out, Captain.”
“By the way, I was promoted. If you want to refer to me by rank, it’s ‘Major.’”
“Sorry, Captain, but you’ll always be ‘Captain’ to me ‘cause that’s what you were to Mick.”
Archie rolled his eyes. “And did I give you permission to move around my furniture?” 
“No, sir, you did not,” Henry said. “But don’t the living room look great?!”
Archie didn’t say anything. The living room did look great.

It took Archie two more days to regain his strength. Henry continued to wait on him hand and foot. In a way, he became to Archie what Archie was to the President – an ever-present, dependable Man Friday who was always anticipating every need before the need even occurred. Archie began to grow attached even as he was suspicious of the baby-faced youngster who pushed his way into Archie’s life.
“Henry,” Archie said over breakfast. “What do you plan to do now? You can’t stay here indefinitely.”
“Why not?” Henry replied, scooping a healthy serving of eggs and bacon onto Archie’s plate.
“Well, that wouldn’t be practical. Don’t you have parents? 
“No, sir, I don’t got none of those things.”
“Relatives? A home?”
“I was left at the orphanage when I was a baby and ran away when they started beatin’ me.”
“How long ago was that?”
“I was eleven, so that woulda been four years ago.”
“And where have you lived since?” 
“Streets. Alleys. Subway stations,” Henry shrugged.
Archie couldn’t quite believe that Henry would answer in such a nonchalant way. “How did you eat?”
“Thievin’ mostly. Took food from markets and pushcarts. And I pickpocketed too. I’m a champeen pickpocketer. That’s how I met Mick. I tried liftin’ his wallet and damn if he didn’t grab my hand when it was in his pocket. I don’t know how he felt it, no one ever does. So’s he turns around and snatches my arm and sez real fierce, ‘What the hell ya doin, kid?’ and I thought he was gonna hit me so I started bawlin’ and tell him I’m hungry and instead of givin’ me a smack he takes me to his place and gives me a whole chicken to chow on and sez he wants to make me his assistant and I sez ‘Why?’ and he sez, ‘cause you’re sneaky and clever and I need a sneaky and clever assistant.’ Now I don’t trust him one bit ‘cause I’m familiar with perverts on the street, but he kept on bein’ nice to me and I figured, well, I’ll stay as long as he keeps feedin’ me. And he kept feedin’ me…” Henry stopped and sniffed back a tear. “He jus’ kept on feedin’ me and I jus’ never left.”
 Archie reached out and touched the boy’s shoulder in a tender, paternal gesture. “Thank you, Captain. You knew Mick. You understand.”
“I’m not sure I understand everything. The last time I saw you, you were in jail for Mick’s murder. You told me you had nothing to do with it. Did they let you out?”
“Not exactly…” Henry hemmed, then told Archie about his ordeal in Sing Sing. Archie listened somberly and it quickly became apparent that the boy was a criminal fugitive. “You must turn yourself in,” Archie stated after Henry finished.
“Are you outta your mind?!” Henry howled.
“No. I will help you get a good lawyer. America has a fair system. If what you tell me is true, you will find justice.”
“The same way Mick found justice?” Henry said sharply. The words hit Archie like a slap across the face. “Well, Captain,” Henry pressed. “Did he find justice?”
Archie looked away. “Alright Henry, you can stay here for a while. Until we figure out a better solution.” 


CHAPTER 44

In Lawrence, Massachusetts, the mill worker’s strike was taking on the grim routine of entrenched warfare. To Big Bill Haywood, the Lawrence strike represented the archetypal struggle of the working class. The mill strikers were a collection of immigrant groups that embodied Haywood’s vision of an egalitarian army that could fight the elite ruling class. For Haywood, the ballot box was too slow a means of revolution. Here, in Lawrence, his philosophy of direct action was being played out on a grand scale. Haywood was as inspired by the strikers as they were by his presence. To keep their spirits up in the second hard month of the walkout, the strikers started singing. There was song everywhere – on the picket lines, in the streets, in the homes, in the union meetings. One reporter wrote, “The tired, gray crowds ebbing and flowing perpetually into the mills had waked and opened their mouths to sing.”
Despite the spirit of solidarity among the now 23,000 mill workers on strike, there was no movement on either side. Haywood was looking for a new tactic to shake things up. The spark came from a group of Italian Socialists. They told Haywood that strikers in Europe would often send their children to relatives and friends in other cities to protect them from the harsh and often violent strike environment. For Haywood, the idea was ingenious, not only for its practicality, but for propaganda benefits. 
On February 11, 1912, 119 children, ages 4 to 14, were taken on a train to New York City. A cheering crowd of 5,000 met them at Grand Central Station. Doctors examined the children and declared that they suffered from malnutrition. Pictures of the children going into exile were run in newspapers and magazines from coast to coast. Thousands of people across the country were wiring Haywood to take in the children. The sympathetic publicity that was generated was more than Haywood ever dreamed of. 
Fighting back, the mill owners threatened to have the parents of the children refugees arrested for child neglect. To prevent parents from sending any more children away, the state militia encircled the Lawrence train depot. On February 24th, Haywood countered by having a group of Quakers escort 200 children from Lawrence to their new, temporary homes. The Quakers, parents and children arrived at the station that was now in complete military lockdown. As the children and mothers approached the trains, amid teary farewells and long embraces, the police attacked. A Quaker woman later testified to Congress, “The police closed in on us with their clubs, beating right and left with no thought of the children, who were then in desperate danger of being trampled to death. The mothers and children were thus hurled into a mass and dragged into a military truck and even then, clubbed, irrespective of the cries of the panic stricken children.”
Though there were no deaths, the attack horrified the nation. Respectable citizens from all walks of life denounced the “brutally repressive police action.” Congress voted to hold immediate hearings. 
Just as the hearings were getting underway in Washington D.C., the mill owners, recognizing that they had been outmaneuvered by Bill Haywood, opened negotiations. A 5 percent wage increase was offered. Now empowered, the strikers rejected it. It took ten more days of hard bargaining, but an agreement was finally hammered out, with workers getting up to a 25 percent wage increase. It was a triumph for the strikers. After a ratification vote was taken at the Lawrence Common, several strikers climbed onto the bandstand and handed Haywood a bouquet of roses. The entire auditorium, thousands of working men and women, spontaneously broke into singing The Internationale:
Arise, you prisoners of starvation!
Arise, you wretched of the earth!
For justice thunders condemnation:
A better world’s in birth
Tears filled Bill Haywood’s eyes. It seemed to him that the spark had been lit. His revolution was finally at hand and ready to burst into flame. And he held the torch.


CHAPTER 45

The area just east of the President’s office, which would one day become the Rose Garden, was, in 1912, where the White House laundry was hung to dry. Walking down the West Colonnade to the Oval Office, Archie was heartened by the wet clothes flapping on the laundry lines – it sounded like applause welcoming him back to work. 
“Hello, Major. We missed you,” Charles Hilles, Taft’s secretary said when Archie stepped into his office. “How are you feeling?” 
“About as good as a man could feel who’s been on a week-long furlough in Hell. Is the President in?”
“He is, but he’s in a meeting,” Hilles said. “Why don’t you go relax and I’ll let him know you’re here.”
 The waiting room was just across the hall from the Oval Office. It was a dark chamber, painted in deep blue with red leather chairs pushed against the walls. Archie settled in a plush chair and lit a cigarette. He hadn’t had one during the entire time he was sick. He drew the smoke in slowly, expecting the calming moment that always accompanies the first drag. But the tobacco tasted strange. Bitter. He snuffed it out then leaned back to relax. He noticed the paint along the ceiling molding was starting to peel. The room’s clock ticked loudly. Then a peculiar sensation came over him – an electric chill that started at the base of his spine and spread through his entire body. He grew disconcerted. Archie was not a particularly religious man and premonitions were not in his realm of reality. Yet, having spent many evenings in society drawing rooms listening to discussions of “messages from beyond,” he knew that what he was experiencing carried all the characteristics of the supernatural.
Then, just as suddenly as it came, the icy shiver left. Archie tried to rationalize it. Perhaps it had something to do with his illness, a lingering sensitivity. Nothing more. Still, that didn’t explain the deep emotion that accompanied the physical sensation. And while the jolt of the premonition had left, a strong, unexplainable feeling of dread continued to persist in its afterglow. Though he was a natural skeptic, a thought crept into Archie’s head that he was being sent some sort of supernatural message. Maybe the spirit of a long departed President was paying a visit to the waiting room. Rumors of Presidential ghosts walking the old halls abounded with the White House staff. Or perhaps it was Mick signaling from across the valley of death.
“Major Butt!” a voice interrupted his reverie. Archie turned his head, expecting to see the large, genial figure of President Taft beckoning him into the Oval Office. Instead, there was a scrawny little man standing in the doorway. “Finch,” Archie said, and then stood up. “You’ll excuse me, but I have a meeting with the President.” Archie tried to brush past Finch. 
“No,” Finch said firmly, grabbing Archie’s arm. “You have a meeting with me first.”
“Let go of me, sir!” 
“I just got out of my meeting with the President,” Finch said. “I’m going to be briefing him every week. We’ve decided it’s important for the security of our nation.”
“Thank you for the information. Now, if you don’t mind, I’ll go and offer my advice to the President.” 
Archie took a step away when Finch called after him. “You’ve been harboring a federal fugitive, Major. You must turn him in.”
Archie stopped and turned back. “I don’t know what you’re talking about.”
“Of course you do.”
“Mr. Finch, I am a bachelor who lives alone. I often have guests in my home. Perhaps your spies have mistaken one of my guests as a fugitive.”
“No, our information is not mistaken. We know the boy is there. You’re committing a crime. And if you don’t rectify it, well, let’s just say, it will be rectified for you.” 
“You can’t blackmail me, Finch.”
“Listen, Archie,” Finch said, changing to a friendly tone. “The boy is a conniving, lying murderer who opened a gas line and blew your dear friend to bloody bits.” 
“Do you have a shred of evidence that would make me believe you?”
“How about a signed confession?” Finch smugly said, then snatched a single sheet of paper from his coat pocket and handed it to Archie. The typewritten confession began “I, Henry Kosinski do knowingly and truthfully confess to having committed the murder of Michael Shaughnessy…” The details of the confession filled the densely packed page and ended with a shaky, child-like scrawl at the bottom: Henry Kosinski.
“The United States government does not send its citizens to Sing Sing without a justifiable reason. I’m holding you responsible for returning the boy to federal custody,” Finch said, then whirled and strutted away. 
“Don’t you want the confession?” Archie waved the paper after Finch. 
“That’s yours, Butt, to remind you of your duty. He signed several. Standard procedure on important cases. Have a good meeting with the President.”

“Archie, welcome back,” Taft said, struggling to lift his enormous body from his chair. “You don’t know how much I missed you. Please, have a seat.” Archie was shocked by what he saw. Taft’s face was waxen, his lips looked lifeless and thin. Huge black bags sagged under his eyes. To Taft, Archie didn’t appear much better. “You look tired, Archie.”
“I’m still recovering from a bad flu, Mr. President.”
“Yes,” Taft mumbled, then plopped back into his oversized chair. “I’ve been putting you through the ringer, haven’t I? I know how you’re torn over the rift between Theodore and me.”
The one thing Archie wanted to avoid his first day back was Taft’s obsession with Roosevelt. “I hold you both dear to my heart,” Archie said. “But you are my President and commander and I wish to make it clear, sir, that my loyalty is undivided. It is to you and no other.”
“I appreciate that, Archie. I really do. I can’t say enough about what your service and friendship has meant to me. I just wanted you to know that I understand the strain you’re under.”
“No more strain than you, sir.”
“Hmmm, perhaps not. In any event, your illness has led me to believe that you need a break from the pressure cooker. A little vacation.” 
“I just came back to work,” Archie said, surprised at the suggestion. “I’ve been looking forward to this.”
“First, you need to recover your health completely. Maybe we can combine a little work with pleasure. What do you say to that?”
 “I say that I’m fairly puzzled at the moment.”
“Then let me clear it up for you, Archie. I just had a meeting with the head of our federal investigative unit. Director Finch. I believe you know him.”
“I do,” Archie said hesitantly.
“A rather intense little man, but I believe he’s very dedicated to his job.”
“If I might speak frankly, Mr. President,” Archie said carefully. “I have my reservations about him.”
“Really? Well, he has no reservations about you, Archie. Speaks very highly of you.”
“He does?!” 
“Oh, yes. He filled me in on the work you did for him. Said you were a great asset. You should have told me you were on a secret spy mission.”
“I was led to believe that my dealings with Mr. Finch had the knowledge and approval of the Executive branch.”
“Yes…well, yes…I suppose they did,” Taft hemmed. “In any case, Director Finch brought to my attention a delicate matter that you appear to have some knowledge of.”
“Oh?” Archie stiffened, readying himself for questions about Henry.
“Yes,” Taft said. “It involves a group of prominent capitalists. It appears they’re planning some sort of grand business venture.”
“Oh, right…” Archie sighed, relieved, “They were interested in having me act as a liaison to you and others in the government. But I told them ‘No,’ that I would not leave my White House post.”
“Did you tell them in no uncertain terms that you were not interested in the project?”
“I wasn’t so forthright, Mr. President. John Astor was involved and if you remember, you encouraged me to follow up his entreaties.”
“I do remember me prodding you about your financial future, yes,” Taft said, then put his elbows on his desk and leaned forward. “The Director has heard it’s a rather significant project and believes the government should have more information about it. He suggested that because you have been approached by these men, you would be the perfect person to find out the details.”
“No,” Archie shook his head. “Despite what Mr. Finch has said about me, I’m really not cut out for spy work.”
“Finch told me they have scheduled an important meeting in Rome.” Taft leaned back in his chair again. “Do you know anything about that?”
“Yes,” Archie said hesitantly. “I was invited to attend. But I said that was impossible.”
“Now it is possible. In fact, it’s perfect! You take a vacation in Italy and in your spare time, find out what these gentlemen are up to.”
 “I’d rather not, Mr. President,” Archie insisted. “I know you’re going through a very difficult period. I don’t wish to abandon you.”
“You would not be abandoning me. You’d be on an important mission. And I need some diplomatic fence mending done with the Vatican as well. You could take care of it all. Have you ever been to Italy?”
“No, sir, I haven’t.”
“The food is…” Taft smacked his lips together. “And the Italian women are the most gorgeous on earth. I’ll have our State Department make the arrangements.”
“But…” Archie tried to protest again but Taft cut him off.
“No ‘buts,’ Major,” Taft smiled. “There’s nothing like a long sea cruise to get your health back. You’ll come back refreshed and ready to do battle for our reelection. Don’t fight me on this, Archie. It will be good for you.” 
“If this is an order, sir, I will obey it,” Archie answered, surrendering to the fact that fate seemed to be directing him to Rome.


CHAPTER 46

"Henry!” Archie shouted as he stepped into his townhouse. 
“In here, Captain,” Henry shouted back from the kitchen. Archie pushed through the kitchen door to see Henry on his tiptoes at the stove. He was engulfed in an apron that was several sizes too large for him. “Have a seat, Captain. I cooked the most dee-licious lamb you’re ever gonna taste,” Henry said, setting out several juicy chops on plates that were already steaming with mounds of mash potatoes and green beans.
“We have to talk, Henry.” Archie said, injecting a deep sense of gravity in his voice.
“Can’t it wait till after dinner?”
“No. We have to talk now.”
“Okay, if we hafta, we hafta,” Henry said, placing the plates of food on the kitchen table. “Jus’ let me say grace and we can talk while we’re munchin’ the chops.” Henry took his place at the end of the kitchen table and folded his small hands, preparing for a prayer. “Com’on, Captain, sit down and let’s get to the food.”
Archie reluctantly pulled out his chair and sat, watching the joyful boy. “Let us thank you, Lord, for the food you have provided. And I would like to add a real big thanks for havin’ you guide me to the Captain’s house here ‘cause...”
“Henry,” Archie interrupted. “You’re not making this easy.” 
“What?” 
“All this prayer and thanking the lord for guiding you here.”
“Well, I’m just bein’ truthful.”
“You haven’t been truthful with me since you arrived, Henry,” Archie said. “You’ve just given me one big lie after another.” 
The happy sparkle that shone from Henry’s face disappeared in an instant, replaced by a look of disbelief. “No…no…I ain’t lied to you.”
“You’re very convincing, Henry. And I believed what a poor, lost boy you were, especially when you used one of my dearest friends as a shield for your lies.”
“Captain, I dunno what you’re talkin’ about. I ain’t never lied to you,” Henry repeated.
“Then what’s this?” Archie said, pulling out the typed confession and tossing it on the table in front of Henry.
“I dunno, what is it?” Henry answered, genuinely confused by Archie’s dramatics. 
Archie pointed at the page. “Look at it, Henry. You don’t recognize it?” 
Henry glanced down, his eyes scrutinized the paper. “Yeah. It’s somethin’ I signed when I was in jail.”
“And you signed it willingly?”
“Yeah, sure. This guy was askin’ all these questions over and over about Mick’s murder and knockin’ me around a bit, so I told him everythin’ I knew ‘cause I had nothin’ to lose, tellin’ the truth and all, and he wrote it out in good language and I wrote my name at the bottom there. I don’t get the problem.”
“The problem is, Henry, this is a confession that you murdered Mick. It’s here in black and white.” Archie picked up the page and started reading. “I, Henry Kosinski, do knowingly and truthfully confess to having committed the murder of Michael Shaughnessy…” 
Henry began shaking his head. “No, I didn’t tell him that. I told him everythin’ I told you.”
“Is this your signature?”
Henry looked at the scrawl on the bottom of the page. “Yeah, but that’s not what I told him,” Henry said, now with a desperate edge in his voice.
“Didn’t you read it before signing it?”
Henry squirmed in his chair. “Well…no, he said it was exactly what I told him.”
“I find it very hard to believe that you wouldn’t read your confession.”
Henry paused and looked down at his plate. “What makes you think I can read, Captain?” Henry said softly. “Mick was helpin’ me to learn, but…”
“Then why did you sign this?” 
“The guy told me what was in it and he said if I signed it, I would get outta jail.”
“Who told you that, Henry?”
“The big scary guy who was askin’ me all the questions. He didn’t exactly introduce himself.”
“What did he look like?”
“Like I said, big and scary.”
“Do you remember anything more about him? Did he have a scar? A twitch? Anything?”
“I kinda don’t remember. It wasn’t much fun, if y’know what I mean?” 
“You don’t remember anything about him.”
“He was big and scary and, oh yeah, his ears stuck out.”
“What?” 
“He had real big ears and they stuck out. Like this.” Henry put his hands behind his ears and pushed them forward. 
 “Are you sure, Henry?”
“About his ears stickin’ out? It was kinda hard to miss. At first I thought he was funny lookin’, but then, ‘cause the guy was so nasty, they became all evil, like they was devil ears.”
Archie leaned back in his chair. “That’s good, Henry. Very good. One more thing, and I need you to be truthful about this.”
“I will,” Henry said solemnly.
“You told me that you dropped Mick off at Cooper Union Square the day he was killed and then you drove to Brooklyn. Is that right?”      
“Yes, Captain.”
“And you saw Mick meet a man in the square, then he ran away and disappeared.”
 “Yes, Captain, that was the last time I ever saw Mick.”
Archie smacked his hands on the table, startling Henry. “You’re lying again!” 
“No. I told you, Captain, I’ve never lied to you.”
“You just did!”
“No, Captain,” Henry insisted. “It’s all true. Everythin’ I’ve been tellin’ you is true…”
Archie cut him off. “Henry, I was the man Mick met at Cooper Union Square. And I know what happened there. You dropped him off, like you said, but you didn’t watch him disappear. You followed him.”   
Henry didn’t answer; his eyes angled nervously about the room.
“I know that because I saw someone run after Mick,” Archie continued. “And it could have only been you.” A low moan squeaked from Henry. “And it could have been only you who left the gas on at the room in Hell’s Kitchen.”
“No, Captain, no!” Henry yelled. “I had nothin’ to do with the explosion!”
“Then why have you lied to me?”
Henry put his head in his hands and started shaking.
“If you can’t be square with me then I have to believe that this confession is the truth and there is evidence that you were responsible for Mick’s murder.”
“No, Captain!” Henry sobbed.
“Then speak, for God sakes! Convince me that I’m wrong. Why don’t you just tell me the truth?!”
“Because…because…Mick made me promise I wouldn’t ever tell anyone.”
“Tell anyone what?”
“Where he went.”
“Mick’s dead, Henry. You have to tell me.”
Henry pushed himself against the back of his chair. He looked small, like a child who was reluctant to reveal his deepest secret. 
“You have to tell me, or I will turn you in this evening.”
Henry mopped his face then softly mumbled, “He went to see a lady.” 
“That’s all? That’s the big secret?”
“He made me promise to God that I would never tell a soul.”
“Why? What happened there?”
“I dunno. I watched from outside. Mick went in, stayed for just a few minutes, and when he came out he was cryin’ and she was cryin’ and she didn’t want to let go of him and he jus’ said, ‘Be strong,’ and then whispered somethin’ in her ear and she starts bawlin’ again and he pulls himself away and that’s when he sees me.”
“He didn’t know you were there?”
“No. But he got real upset when he did see me. So he motioned for me to follow him around the corner then made me promise to God that I would never tell another soul what I saw. And that’s the truth, Captain, that’s the whole truth. I was jus’ keepin’ my promise to Mick.”
“Where did you go after that?”
“To Brooklyn, like I told you. I had nothin’ to do with his killin’. You gotta believe me.”
Archie sat for a moment, trying to make sense of everything Henry had divulged. “Could you find where that woman lived?” Archie asked.
“Yeah, I think so. New York’s my town. I could find almost any place”
“Then you’re going to take me there, Henry.”


CHAPTER 47

In 1912, a train from Washington D.C. to New York City took just over five hours. The drive took more than nine. Still, Archie felt more comfortable driving than taking the public rails, especially with a wanted fugitive sitting next to him. The pair started out in Archie’s Pope-Hartford long before dawn. They had hardly reached Washington’s city limits when Henry began lobbying to get behind the wheel. “Mick let me drive all the time. He’d say I was the best driver he’d ever seen. He said that when I got older I should think of becomin’ a professional, like a chauffeur or somethin’, drivin’ important people around. Maybe you can get me a job with ol’ Taft as his chauffeur, wouldn’t that be somethin’?”
But Archie needed to talk about something else. “So…what are your plans for the future, Henry?”
“What d’ya mean?”
“Well…” Archie shifted in the drivers seat. “Now that I’m well I don’t need you to care for me. You understand, don’t you, Henry?”
Henry turned away and looked out at the scenery. “No, Captain, I’m not sure I do understand. I thought you liked havin’ me around.”
“I do. It’s just that having you live with me any longer is impractical. Besides, I’ll be leaving for Italy in a few weeks and there is no way you could stay there by yourself. Especially with federal agents still looking for you.”
“How do you know federal agents are lookin’ for me?”
“I work in the government. I hear things.”
“Yeah? From who? Finch?” 
It was the first time Archie heard Henry mention Finch’s name. “How do you know Finch?”
“I know lots o’ things I ain’t told ya, Captain,” Henry said, poker faced.
“I’m sure you do. But it’s important you should share everything.” 
“Why? So you could send me back to Sing Sing?”
“No, that’s the last thing I was going to do. I was going to give you money so you could move back into that boarding house you told me about. And then I was going to look after your education.”
“You don’t think I’m smart enough?”
“No, it’s not that, but…”
“I’m plenty smart,” Henry snapped. “If you’re gonna make a livin’ as a pickpocket y’gotta be smart ‘bout lots of things. People mostly. Which ones you can trust and which one’s will slit your throat in a second. And y’know somethin’, I jus’ realized I can’t trust you, Captain.”
“But you can trust me, Henry. You misunderstood.”
“No, I didn’t misunderstood. The only person I could ever trust was Mick. He was straight shooter. You’re a little squirrelly, Captain. But that’s okay. It don’t mean I don’t like you. I just can’t trust you. No offense.” 
“No offense taken,” Archie said. “But you must tell me how you know Finch?”
Henry closed his eyes as if summoning a deep memory. “Remember when I told you Mick was havin’ an argument downtown the day he died?
“Remind me.”
“After we visited Astor we drove to this big old building downtown. I stayed in the car and Mick goes in and when he finally comes out he’s gettin’ into a really nasty shoutin’ match with a little guy. Finch.”
“I don’t remember you telling me it was Finch.”
“I didn’t. It wouldn’t have been smart to tell you then.”
“And it’s smart telling me now?”
“Yep,” Henry said. 
“How do you know it was Finch?”
“Mick told me. Mick told me lots o’ things.”
“Like what, Henry?”
The car hit a rut in the road and swerved. Archie struggled to straighten the wheels out. 
“You should really let me drive, Captain. I’m better than you.”
“Maybe if you’re truthful with me and tell me everything you know, I will.”
“And you’re gonna tell me everything you know? Nah, I don’t think so,” Henry smirked, but only for a moment before suddenly brightening. “Hey, I got an idea.” 
“An idea for what?” Archie responded, a little suspicious of Henry’s eureka moment.
“You’re gonna take me to Italy with you.”
“What?!” Archie shouted, causing the car to swerve again. 
“It’s perfect. I won’t be at your house and we could watch each other’s backs like Mick and me did. And when we start really trustin’ each other, maybe then we can share a little more information.” The boy was savvy, Archie had to give him that. Behind Henry’s innocent enthusiasm, he was driving a bargain for the information he dangled. “Y’seen how helpful I am and believe me, I’d be even more helpful on a trip. I can be like a real…what do they call ‘em? …valets…I’d be a real valet to you. Shine your shoes, press your clothes, carry your luggage…”
 “No, Henry,” Archie interrupted, attempting to nip the boy’s enthusiasm before it got out of hand. “First of all I’ve already made arrangements to travel with my friend, Frank Millet.”
“So I can be a valet to both of yous. Y’know what they say ‘bout that, killin’ two birds with one stone,” Henry pushed on with eager persistence. “Y’have to take me with you, Captain, y’jus’ have to.”
“I’m sorry, Henry, but it’s impossible. I’m going to be quite busy and to have you tag along…” Archie shook his head.
“I can take care o’ myself. Always have.”
“This is a foreign country. They don’t speak English there.”
“I-talian, right? I done okay on Mulberry Street and all they speak there is wop. Com’on, Captain, y’know it’s the best solution for all of this. Gimme one good reason why you shouldn’t take me,” Henry challenged. “One good reason.” 
“Well... you’re an escapee from a federal penitentiary and a fugitive from the law.”
“But I’m innocent and someone’s tryin’ to frame me. Listen, I been ‘round trouble long enough to smell when somethin’ ain’t right. You gotta take me with you. I’m the one person you can trust to be on your side. And believe me, that’s somethin’ you’re gonna need.” 
“No, Henry. I’m sorry. But it is impossible. You can’t come with me to Italy and that’s final.”
Henry turned away and looked outside again. He said nothing. For the next three hours he sulked silently. Archie felt bad for the boy, but couldn’t reverse his decision – there was no way he would take Henry to Rome. But he could let him drive. “Henry,” Archie said just outside of Philadelphia. “I’m getting a little tired. Would you like to take the wheel?”
“Sure,” Henry said softly. “Now you’ll see what Henry can do.”
It turned out Henry could do a lot with a car. He gracefully maneuvered it along treacherous roads and around blind curves, moving at a fast clip yet managing to avoid the potholes and ruts that pocked the way. By the time they reached New York, Archie had surrendered any need to be in the driver’s seat. Henry was a master of the city streets, weaving through traffic, speeding around horse-carts and cursing pedestrians who dared venture in front of him. He guided the car down increasingly narrow streets that funneled into even tighter alleyways, emerging into a section of New York Archie had never seen. There were no tall brick tenements or cobblestone streets teeming with people. Here, the dusty lanes were lined with creaky wood buildings. There was a dry goods store, a saloon, a laundry and a livery stable. The Pope-Hartford was the only car on the road, sharing it with a few carriages and an occasional man on horseback. Henry turned the car down a short block of tidy, single story houses that dead-ended abruptly, as if to demarcate that this little pocket of New York that was lost in time stopped right there. 
“There, Captain,” Henry said, pointing to a house at the end of the block. The small, white-washed cottage was surrounded by a garden of rose bushes. 
“Where are we, Henry?” 
“New York City.”
“But where in New York? I had no idea a neighborhood like this still existed.”
Henry was about to answer when the door to the house opened and a beautiful red-haired woman poked her head out to see who had intruded into her corner sanctuary. When she saw Henry and Archie sitting in the car she retreated into her house, but seemed to change her mind and stepped back into the yard. Archie opened his door, slid out and started across the dirt road.
“Captain Butt,” the woman said with a light Irish lilt as Archie approached. “I suspected you would find your way here eventually.” 
“Mrs. Shaughnessy.” Archie gave a polite bow. “I believe we have much to talk about.”
“I’m not sure we do, but you’re welcome to come in.” She turned and led the way in. The home was quaint and orderly, with lace curtains on the windows and a living room that had the informality of an Irish country parlor. 
“This is a lovely house, Mrs. Shaughnessy,” Archie said politely.
“It’s a good neighborhood to raise my daughter.”
“When did you move in?”
It was an odd question and it caught Mrs. Shaughnessy off-guard. “Mick and I settled here shortly after he came back to America. Why do you ask?”
“Young newlyweds can barely afford tenements, much less houses like this.”
“Mick found it. He had a way with such things. He always found a way. But I think you know that.”
“I’m not sure I know the full extent of Mick’s ways.”
“Would you like some tea?” Mrs. Shaughnessy said, changing the subject. “I have a pot on the stove.” 
“That would be lovely.” 
“Do take a chair, then. I’ll be back in a moment.”
Archie glanced around the room. It was cozy, with large, overstuffed chairs and a well worn sofa that was situated in front of a stone fireplace. A framed picture above the fireplace caught his eye. It was a family portrait: Mick, his wife and daughter. While the pose was formal – husband and wife sitting at a slight angle next to each other with their young daughter standing between them – their manner was anything but. Mick had struck his familiar impertinent pose, but rather than searing a look into the camera, his eyes glimmered with a happy light. Mrs. Shaughnessy appeared as if she was about to burst into laughter any moment and their young daughter’s grin beamed out of the photograph.
“Sugar?” Mrs. Shaughnessy said. Archie was so caught up in the picture he didn’t notice that she had returned and was already pouring the tea.
“Yes, thank you,” Archie said, taking a seat. 
Mrs. Shaughnessy handed him the cup and sat across from him. She was cool and aloof, the exact opposite of the passionate, desperate woman who came to his hotel room. “So, Captain Butt, what would you like to know?” 
“You came to me over a year ago, Mrs. Shaughnessy, and implored me to find the truth of your husband’s death.”
“That I did, Captain.”
“Oh, by the way, I have been promoted to Major. I am now ‘Major Butt’.”
“Congratulations,” she said without enthusiasm. “So…Major…you were saying…?”
“I still believe your husband was murdered, Mrs. Shaughnessy. I wanted to find the reason for it. I believed you wanted the same thing. But then you disappeared.”
Mrs. Shaughnessy ran her fingers through her long hair and looked away from Archie as she spoke. “Mick was a very complex man. I came to the realization that perhaps it was not the healthiest thing in the world for me to dig into my husband’s affairs and discover all that he was involved with. He lives in my memory as the man I loved. I prefer he stays as that.”
“That’s all well and good, but if Mick was murdered for something he knew, then it is our obligation to uncover what that was and who had him killed.”
“Maybe it’s your obligation, Captain, but it is no longer mine.”
“But don’t you understand…” 
“Don’t you understand,” Mrs. Shaughnessy cut Archie off. “Mick got himself killed because he stuck his nose in places he shouldn’t have. He had one too many affairs with one too many married women. He double-crossed one too many powerful men. He discovered one too many secrets. He let one too many people down. Mick couldn’t help himself in that respect. And that’s what led to his death. Someone else may have murdered him, but Mick Shaughnessy was responsible for it all.”
“No one is responsible for their own murder, Mrs. Shaughnessy.”
“You’re wrong. Mick was. He charmed all of us – men, women, politicians, revolutionaries, businessmen, me, you – but he ultimately let us down because when it was time for him to stand up and be there for us, he raced off to wage his next battle. He was never satisfied. First he had you, his best friend, to save. Then he had a revolution to wage, then a wife and daughter to look after, then he wanted to save the poor, then serve his country, then build bridges to the rich, then…oh, God knows what he wanted, because Mick Shaughnessy had no idea. He was a soldier always looking for the next righteous war to fight because he was never at peace with himself. And he knew that he would one day meet his death as a soldier. I think he not only knew, he desired it.”
“I find that hard to believe.”
“You know, Mick had a grand romantic streak in him. He once told me that when he was growing up, his big lout of a father would be beating his poor mother to a pulp in the kitchen and Mick would be in his bed reading adventure stories and plotting how he could save her. One month he was D’Artagnan, the next, Robin Hood, and then Sydney Carton. And that’s how he lived his life, that’s what he believed: that it was his fate to save not only his mother, but all of us. And we gladly played the roles so he could fulfill his destiny. I was the wife who was supposed to stand by him despite his affairs because he had a true and noble heart. You were his commanding officer who was supposed to admire him because he was brave, even though he was insufferably insubordinate. And then there were the teeming masses who were to love him because he fought their battles, even though he would ultimately abandon them just as he abandoned all of us.”
“And you’re angry at him for this, Mrs. Shaughnessy?”
“I try not to be,” she said, calming herself. “I understand Mick believed in his dreams. And because it was so exhilarating, because he was so exhilarating, we were all taken in. And he did do good. He saved your life in the Philippines. He provided for his daughter and me. And he helped those poor people who so desperately needed help. So however much I hated him for the lies he told me and the fantasy world he created for himself, I also loved him for everything that he was and the joy he brought to my life.”
“Yes, I did too, Mrs. Shaughnessy. I loved him very much.”
“Of course you did…we all did.” They lingered in the warm, shared moment then Mrs. Shaughnessy quickly stood up. “Thank you for your concern, Major. That’s all I can help you with.” She extended her hand, letting Archie know it was time for him to leave. 
“Thank you, Mrs. Shaughnessy, for your honesty and candor,” he said, rising from the chair. She nodded and began leading him to the door. “One thing I’m still not clear about though. Mick hasn’t been here to arrange things for almost two years. How can you still afford this house?” 
Mrs. Shaughnessy stopped and slit her eyes at Archie. “I’ve said enough as it is. I’d appreciate you honor my desire to leave this all behind.”
“With all due respect, Mrs. Shaughnessy, while you’ve revealed much to me, I do not believe you’ve been completely candid.”
Her eyes explored Archie’s earnest face. Perhaps she had underestimated him. “Alright, Captain, I’ll answer your question,” she said with her soft Irish lilt. “I have no idea how it all works. Mick arranged everything. Even from the grave he seems to have taken care of all our family matters.”
“How so?”
“I get money. Enough for me and my daughter to live comfortably.”
“Who from?”
She shrugged. “No idea. $200 arrives in my mail every month. It’s like a gift from heaven. Mick’s little gift to keep his family alive.”
“Who signs the check?”
“No check. Cash. In an envelope that has no return address.”
“And you’re never curious who is sending it?”
“I’m always curious. I tried to find out once. I did a little probing, asked a few questions here and there. Then I got a note warning me that if I wished to continue receiving the money, I should leave well enough alone.”
“Do you have any of the envelopes, Mrs. Shaughnessy?”
“No.”
“The note?”
Mrs. Shaughnessy hesitated just long enough. “I’d like to see that note,” Archie quickly jumped in. 
 “It’s just a short message,” Mrs. Shaughnessy uttered tentatively. “And I told you exactly what it says.”
“You are not breaking any trust by allowing me to see it. I will do nothing to jeopardize your payment. I promise,” Archie said in the most assuring voice he could muster. Mrs. Shaughnessy hesitated before realizing that Archie wouldn’t leave until he saw the note. She crossed the room to a side table and opened the top drawer, removing a small, neatly folded bit of stationary and handed it to Archie. He unfolded it and read: “Dear Mrs. Shaughnessy, If you wish to continue receiving these payments, please honor your husband’s wishes that they be sent anonymously.”
“You see,” Mrs. Shaughnessy said. “There is no clue there, just a little message that I intend to respect.”
“Just a little message,” Archie repeated. Mrs. Shaughnessy was wrong though, there was a clue: the short sentence was written in a tight, precise hand that Archie had seen before and recognized immediately: Finch.
“Thank you, Mrs. Shaughnessy,” Archie said, handing the letter back to her. “I’ll leave you now, as that’s what you want.”
“Yes, that is what I want. And please, don’t come back. It’s best for my daughter and me. Please. Stay away.”
Archie gave a quick nod, committing to nothing, then headed out the door. Crossing the street, he noticed his car’s side door hanging open and the driver’s seat empty. “Henry?” Archie said, rushing to the car. “Henry!” Archie called louder, not seeing him anywhere. “Henry!!” Archie called one more time, looking down the quiet street for any sign of the boy. There was none. 


CHAPTER 48

On the night of February 20, 1912, Theodore Roosevelt delivered a speech to a state constitutional convention at Columbus, Ohio. It was a controversial speech on a controversial subject: the recall of judges. Unlike Taft, who had been a judge for a number of years before his political career, Roosevelt had a less than stellar opinion of the judiciary. He had seen progressive legislation he championed, such as child labor laws, health and safety legislation, and regulation to curb corporate abuse, overturned by judges who declared those laws unconstitutional because they infringed on individual and corporate liberty. 
That evening, Roosevelt gave an impassioned address that attacked Taft’s positions. The atmosphere at the convention hall was electric. Roosevelt received a thunderous ovation after he finished. When he started away from the podium, a reporter shouted at him, “Are you a candidate for President?” Off the cuff, an emboldened Roosevelt shouted back a response that had its origins in barroom boxing challenges: “My hat is in the ring!”
  The next afternoon, February 21, Archie was summoned to the Oval Office. Taft wanted to take a walk even though the weather was wet and nasty. The two men started strolling around the White House when the President, nervous and agitated, led Archie off the grounds. Taft picked up the pace, walking through the nearby streets in brooding silence until he erupted in a bitter diatribe against Roosevelt and his speech the previous evening. Taft was furious at Roosevelt for not only announcing that he would oppose him for the Republican nomination, but entering the race in Ohio, Taft’s home state. “I have a strong feeling that the Colonel is going to beat me in the Convention,” Taft stated with certainty.
“I don’t think so,” Archie said, trying to cheer his boss up. “I think that whatever esteem people hold for Roosevelt, they know his time has passed.”
“I just believe that Theodore has gone too far,” Taft grumbled. “He has leaped far ahead of the most radical leaders. He will either be a hopeless failure if elected or destroy his own reputation.”
Archie became more distraught than ever by the whole situation. He loved both men. It was his duty not to abandon his Commander-In-Chief in this time of need. But neither did he want to alienate Roosevelt, the man he felt tremendously close to and who was probably more capable of leading the country out of its morass. 
The next day, worn and still conflicted, Archie purchased his ticket on the S.S. Berlin to sail to Naples, though second thoughts were already creeping in. He sent a letter to his sister-in-law expressing his dilemma. “I lay awake a long time last night, trying to make up my mind as to what my duty was in regard to this trip to Italy. I really can’t bear to leave the President just now.”
Archie woke up the next morning and cancelled his ticket. Blurry-eyed from lack of sleep, he marched into the Oval Office and told Taft that he had decided not to travel to Italy, but to stay in Washington D.C. to be by the President’s side. “You will do no such thing, Major,” Taft replied. “You will be on the ship.” Then Taft grew serious. “I will need you soon enough, Archie…Go to Rome, relax, take care of the little business we discussed, meet the Pope, then come back rested and ready to be at my side for the battle.”
Archie agreed. That night though, he was again invaded by a deep feeling of dread. He re-experienced the icy chill of a premonition. The next day he decided to make a will for the first time in his life. He wrote to his sister-in-law again that evening: “I have come to the conclusion that if I am to go through this frightful summer I must rest now. Don’t forget that all my papers are in the storage warehouse, and if the old ship goes down you will find my affairs in shipshape condition. As I always write you in this way whenever I go anywhere, you will not be bothered by presentiments now.”

* * *

On March 2, 1912, Archie climbed the boarding ramp of the S.S. Berlin. As was the custom, the deck of the ship was crowded with friends and relatives of the passengers bidding them bon voyage. There was also a gang of reporters from the New York dailies whose beat it was to cover the goings and comings of famous passengers. On that day, the Military Aide to the President qualified as famous. A report of Archie’s departure appeared in the March 3rd edition of the New York Times. “Major Archibald Butt, Military Aide to the President of the United States, sailed yesterday for Europe on the North German Lloyd liner Berlin for a rest in a suit of clothes that won the admiration of every passenger on the deck of the liner, including a deaf and dumb Greek sponge merchant from Patras. His cambric handkerchief was tucked up his left sleeve like Kipling’s pukka Indian soldier man. He wore a bright copper-colored Norfolk jacket fastened by big ball-shaped buttons of red porcelain, a lavender tie, tall bay-wing collar, trousers of the same material as the coat, a derby hat with a broad, flat brim, and patent leather shoes with white tops. The Major had a bunch of lilies in his buttonhole, and appeared to be delighted at the prospect of going away.”
The reporters bantered with Archie who, despite the stiff wind that was gusting across the harbor and right into his face, seemed to enjoy the spotlight. “How’s Taft holding out?” a reporter shouted. “Just fine,” Archie answered. “It’s me who’s lost 20 pounds.” “Rumor has it you’re engaged to be married, Major.” “I wish it were true,” Archie shot back. “This bachelorhood is a miserable existence.”
As questions came flying his way, Archie noticed a woman staring at him from beyond the cluster of reporters. Her collar was pulled high against her face and her hair coiled like a whirly-top in the wind. The focus of her gaze made Archie uneasy and he was about to glance away when the woman turned her face and it caught the light. Belle. 
“Excuse me,” Archie said striding through the reporters and motioning to Belle to step around the corner, out of view of the press. 
“What are you doing here?” Archie asked her when they finally found a quiet spot near the ship’s stern.
“I’ve decided to join you on your voyage to Italy,” Belle said with a straight face, only to break into a throaty laugh when she saw Archie’s expression grow slack. “Oh, don’t worry, Archie, I wouldn’t put you under the pressure of having a woman by your side, though it would probably do you some good.”
“Depends on the woman,” Archie retorted, then added, “It would be a pleasure to have you by my side, Belle.”
Belle leaned forward and kissed Archie on the cheek. “You do possess a genuine Southern charm, Major, whether you’re telling the truth or not.”
“Southern charm is always genuine, whether it is the truth or not.”
 “I need to ask a favor of you, Archie,” Belle said as she pulled an ornate bronze box from beneath her coat. It was about the size of a cigar-box and locked with a small golden padlock. “Mr. Morgan will be in Rome when you are and I suspect your paths will cross. I wonder if you could deliver this to him. It’s very important.”
“You came all this way to ask me to play messenger boy?”
Belle ran her hand through her wind-blown hair, trying to push the chaos back into place. “There’s something more.” 
“Tell me.”
She turned away from him and looked out over the harbor. “I don’t know. I just want you to be careful. Will you promise me that?”
“If you tell me what I should be careful of, I will make that promise.”
“I’m not sure, Archie. If I knew, I’d tell you. But John Astor, George Vanderbilt, and, yes, Mr. Morgan, they are very willful men. You have to be on your guard when you deal with them.” 
“How do you know I’m dealing with those gentlemen?”
 “I’m a cobra, remember?” Belle said with her coy smile. “And a cobra in the grass knows everything.”
Before Archie could answer, the shrill horn of the S.S. Berlin cut through the air. “Time for visitors to leave, Belle.”
“Will you wire me that everything is okay in Italy?”
“I’ll wire you that I’m having the time of my life and there’s nothing to worry about.”
The ship’s horn sounded again. Belle reached into her purse and dug out a silver dollar. “Throw this coin in a Roman fountain and think of me when you do. For luck.”
“Will do,” Archie said, feeling the coin drop heavily into his hand.
 “And wire me the date of your return. I’ll come meet the ship.” She hesitated for a moment then pressed her thumb onto his chin and tilted his head down so his blue eyes could meet her jade ones. “Thank you, Archie.” 
“For what?”
She didn’t answer, but rather, rose to her tiptoes and pressed close. Archie could feel the sweet crackle of electricity when her lips touched his. 


CHAPTER 49

Entering his stateroom, Archie was greeted with a hardy embrace from Frank Millet. “Get you out of those dreadful uniforms, Arch, and you look like a civilized human being,” Millet said, then scrutinized Archie’s gaudy suit. “Well, maybe semi-civilized.”
Frank Millet was always a breath of fresh air. 20 years older than Archie, Millet was a man of high spirits and an ebullient personality – part big brother to Archie, part provocateur, part drinking buddy and part card partner. He was a boy drummer in the Civil War who went on to become a journalist and war correspondent, only to transform himself into a painter who was put on par with America’s most celebrated artist, John Singer Sargent. By 1912, Millet was in his mid-sixties and capping his career as the Director of the American Academy of Art in Rome. It was Academy business that required him to travel to Italy.
“I always get compliments on my style, Frank,” Archie responded to Millet’s backhanded compliment about his suit. 
“Did I say you weren’t stylish? You will be the talk of Rome with those lilies in your buttonhole. How about a bon voyage drink? Start the vacation on a proper note.” Millet was already pouring champagne into two goblets. “Major…” Millet held out the sparkling glass of wine, “here’s to calm seas, warm breezes and the beauty of Italy.”
“Here’s to you, Frank, for helping to get me out of the damn drama of my life.”
They both downed their glasses quickly. Millet raised his eyebrows and picked up the bottle. “Another?”

***
The S.S. Berlin was the second ship by that name owned by the North German Lloyd Line. The first S.S. Berlin sank off the coast of Holland in 1907, killing 142 people. The new S.S. Berlin was a two funnel, state-of-the-art liner with a capacity for 3,212 passengers, most of whom traveled in third class. Archie and Frank Millet were among the 200 first class passengers who had their own exclusive dining room, promenade deck and lounges. 
The first morning at sea Archie rose early and took a stroll, starting along the first class deck then descending to the promenade. He walked along its length, stopping near the bow to lean over the railing. Peering down at the water, Archie became mesmerized by the small white waves slapping against the boat’s hull. A cold ocean spray misted over his face. He felt his body relax. It had been so long, years maybe, since he had experienced such calm. Then, through the wash of water, he thought he heard a voice calling him. “Captain,” the voice cried, thin and distant. He wasn’t sure if he was imagining it or not. “Captain,” the voice called again. Archie turned and saw a small figure dressed in a suit, approach. “Henry?” Archie said in disbelief. 
 “Hiya, Captain,” Henry said through an enormous grin. “Surprised to see me?”
More than surprised, Archie was in shock. “What are you doing here?” 
“Sailin’ to Italy, like you,” Henry answered, reveling in Archie’s bafflement.
“Did you stowaway, Henry? Because if you did, I will have to turn you in.”
“Aw, you wouldn’t do that.”
“Yes, of course I would. It’s against the law to sneak on board and stowaway.”
“But I wanted to go to Italy with you,” Henry said, trying hard to suppress his glee.
“I’m sorry, Henry, but I’m going to have to take you to the ship’s authorities.” Archie reached out and took Henry’s small wrist. 
“But Captain,” Henry said, starting to laugh, “I got a ticket.”
“How could you have gotten a ticket?”
“I bought one.”
“With money?!” 
“Yeah, with money,” Henry said. “I always have ways to get money if I have to.”
Archie shook his head, not sure whether to believe Henry or not. “Why did you leave me in New York?” Archie asked.
“’Cause you wanted me to. You didn’t want to take me to Italy.”
“Then why are you here?”
“’Cause you need me.”
“I don’t need you, Henry.”
“Yeah you do.” 
“Why in the world would you say that?”
“Well, com’on to my cabin and find out,” Henry said with a calm certainty.

Descending to the third class section was like entering another world, a mysterious nether-universe whose existence was unknown to those traveling in first-class. Here the ceiling was low and the hallway narrow. It reminded Archie of the ships on which he transported horses to the Philippines. He peered into the tight sleeping berths teeming with a stew of immigrants leaving America, having failed to find their pot of gold. 
“This way, Captain,” Henry said, leading Archie into his tight cabin. Five bunks were squeezed into the claustrophobic room. Henry went to his lower bunk and ruffled the blanket then reached under the pillow. He removed what seemed to be a large, square lump of coal and held it out to Archie as if he was presenting the Holy Grail. “For you, Captain.”
“Thank you, Henry. But what is it?”
“Mick’s diary,” Henry said solemnly.
“How do you know? It’s burnt to a crisp.”
“Yeah. I found it in the rubble and I guess it got kinda baked.”
Archie took the book and carefully turned it over. The binding was blistered. Archie gingerly opened the cover. The pages were intact, but charred black and as delicate as dried leaves. “I couldn’t read it if I wanted to, Henry.”
“Here, gimme it,” Henry said. “Y’see, if you turn it in a certain way…” Henry rotated and twisted the book until the open page caught the light. “See, there it is.”
Archie could make out an impression of sentences that were seared onto the page. But the letters were indistinguishable on the blackened paper. “This is useless, Henry.” 
“But it was Mick’s,” Henry said, as if that fact alone gave it magic. “He wrote in it all the time.” 
Archie glanced again at the unreadable chaos of letters, trying to make something out of the writing that was etched onto the page. “I’m sorry, Henry. No matter what Mick wrote, the fire destroyed it. There’s no way anyone could read it.” Archie closed the book and held it toward Henry. “It means more to you than to me.”
“No,” Henry shook his head and pushed the book back to Archie. “It’s Mick talkin’ to you, Captain.” 
“If he is, it’s impossible to know what he’s saying.” 
“Y’gotta try. That’s why I’m here. To make you try.”

Archie cracked open the book again that night. He fingered through its fragile pages, angling the book in twenty different directions to catch the light from the table lamp. It did no good; the writing was indiscernible. But as Archie started to close the book, the last page captured his eye. It wasn’t filled with the indecipherable squiggles of the other pages. Instead, Mick had scrawled nine large words across it. Archie held the page up to the light, but couldn’t quite make out the sentence. He moved the page closer to the lamp, hoping the direct light would give the paper more definition. The words struggled to emerge. Archie took the shade off the lamp and moved the page even closer to the bulb. Like an apparition emanating from darkness, the words slowly became clear and sent a shiver through Archie. In big letters, written three years earlier, Mick had scrawled in Latin and in English his final message: “Omnes viae Romam ducunt -- All roads lead to Rome.”

During the next two weeks at sea, Archie tried to put the prescient, disturbing words from Mick’s diary out of his mind. He played hours of bridge with Millet, took afternoon walks around the ship’s promenade with Henry, lounged on a deckchair in the sun. Nothing worked. As the ship approached Italy, Archie couldn’t shake the feeling that something terrible was going to happen.


CHAPTER 50

Then something terrible did happen. Three days before the S.S. Berlin steamed into the harbor at Naples, an anarchist named Antonio d’Alba shot King Vittorio Emanuel of Italy. Archie had an appointment to meet the King and deliver a personal letter from Taft. He was shaken when he got news of the shooting. Upon the ship’s docking, Archie received word that the King was only wounded in the shoulder and had survived. With that bit of good news, Archie felt a little relief. 
Millet had booked a suite for the evening of their arrival at Naples’ finest hotel, the Grand Hotel Parkers. The next morning Archie awoke with the first light of dawn. Henry, now Archie’s valet by default, was still asleep, so Archie slipped down to the hotel’s café that overlooked the port of Naples. The dawn air carried a winter chill. Archie watched the fishermen sail their skiffs into the port with their morning catch. Church bells began tolling. A waiter brought Archie a small cup that contained a thimbleful of a dark, murky liquid. 
“I ordered coffee,” Archie said to the waiter.
“Si. Caffe. Drink. You like,” the waiter spoke in barely intelligible English. 
Not wanting to offend the genial fellow, Archie took a sip. It was like nothing he had ever tasted – deep and bitter, yet chock full of some divine flavor that snapped his senses alert. Archie looked up to the waiter who was nodding knowingly, perceiving that it was this American’s first taste of something so exotic as Italian espresso. “Italy awaits you, signore,” the waiter said, spreading his arms in a grand welcoming gesture.

The same week Archie arrived in Italy, some of the richest and most powerful capitalists in the world were also making their way to Rome. Astor had left America two months earlier, taking Madeleine to Egypt, then France. Vanderbilt sailed in early March. Morgan had left before the New Year, first traveling to Egypt, then off to frolic with Lady Sackville in England before meandering through France to Rome. Benjamin Guggenheim was coming from Paris, where he was keeping party hours with his current mistress, a French chanteuse named Leontine Aubart. Henry Clay Frick arrived in France in mid-March and booked a train to Rome for the first week in April. The Weidners, including George and his son Harry, began their trip with a stay in Paris, where George’s wife Eleanor remained when father and son traveled to Italy. 
Vanderbilt set the meetings to begin April 7 at Rome’s Grand Hotel Plaza. It was the hotel of kings and emperors – discreet enough to provide the illustrious participants privacy, and luxurious enough to indulge them in the extravagance they were accustomed to. 
When Archie arrived in Rome, Frank Millet took him and Henry to the Villa Aurelia, the American Art Academy’s headquarters atop the Janiculum, the highest hill in Rome. The grounds were filled with formal gardens, wide lawns and quiet glades that had a spectacular view of the chaotic city below. “Rome is the pearl of the world,” Millet said to Archie and Henry as he escorted them through the grounds to their rooms. “And Villa Aurelia is the pearl of Rome.” 
That evening, alone in his room, Archie took Mick’s diary from his bag and placed it on the bed stand. He thumbed through the fragile book, hoping against hope that it might yield some other clue; that Mick might have had a little more to say from beyond the grave. He stared at the charred pages, occasionally holding one up to the lamp’s light. He thought he recognized some words: “wife,” “fight,” “Finch,” “never.” But nothing made sense. It was like combing through a mountain of sand searching for a diamond. He turned to the back page again and read the only sentence he could decipher. All roads may lead to Rome, Archie thought, but what road do I take now that I’m here?

The next morning Archie and Henry met their guide in the foyer of the American Academy. He was the son of Millet’s secretary at the Academy. “He’s very popular with the tourists,” Millet told Archie. “Has a different style than most. I think Henry will take to him. And you might, too.”
Alberto Scarponelli was everything Millet said and more. He had a youthful zest that was complimented by dancing brown eyes and an unruly shock of thick, black hair that piled atop his head. Words came pouring out of him, accompanied by a wild choreography of tics, grunts and gestures. “Okay, hello, you want the Eternal Beauty of Rome Tour?” was the first thing Alberto said. “Or the Blood Flows Like Fountains Tour?” 
“Blood Flows Like Fountains Tour?” Archie repeated, baffled. 
“Si. It is my most popular tour. Rome is blood. Its history is blood. Rivers and rivers of blood, oh yes. Sometimes, you listen closely while I give tour, you hear the screams of tens of thousands of Romans who have been stabbed, slashed, speared, eaten by lions, decapitated by gladiators, their blood running into the Tiber like…”
“Enough,” Archie stopped him. “We want the Eternal Beauty of Rome Tour.”
“No,” Henry cried out, his eyes wide with excitement. “The Blood Tour.”
“Henry,” Archie said, shaking his head. “We’re in Rome, the cradle of western culture. You don’t really want to go on some ridiculous tour about killings and murder?”
“Yeah, I do,” Henry said eagerly. “It sounds great!”
Alberto shrugged his shoulders. “Like I say, it is my most popular tour.”

Their first stop was the Colosseum. Alberto led them up a hidden back stairway and through a dark tunnel that opened dramatically onto the stadium. Archie became surprisingly emotional as the ancient arena revealed itself. “The glory that was Rome,” Archie said reverently. 
Alberto pointed to the vast honeycombed floor. “Imagine two great gladiators,” he said breathlessly, “their muscled bodies glistening with sweat as they wait for the signal from the Emperor to begin their battle. The proud warriors size each other up, then brutally attack. How long does the savage contest last? Maybe five minutes? Ten, if the crowd is lucky. Twenty, in an excellent match. The men know this battle is for their lives and they are relentless in their fight. Swords cut into flesh. Tridents plunge into bodies. Screams, horrible screams from the gladiators mix with the shouts of fifty thousand Romans filling the stadium calling ‘Good attack,’ or ‘Coward,’ or ‘Death to him!’ ‘Kill him!’  Oh, it is a blood-drenched spectacle. And then one of the gladiators falls. Wounded. His side is slit open. He pleads for mercy. It is up to the Emperor to signal thumbs up or down, life or death.”
“What does he do?” Henry asked, quivering with excitement, envisioning the scene that took place there almost 2,000 years earlier. 
“Unless it is a particularly good match and the fallen gladiator has put up an exceptional fight, it is usually ‘thumbs down.’  Death. The victor plunges his sword into the fallen man’s heart then slashes his throat.”
“Wow!” Henry uttered.
“Yes. The Romans loved gladiator contests the best. They also liked watching slaves and heretics being torn apart by lions or crocodiles. Right there, right where your eyes are now looking.”
Archie broke in. “I believe after Rome fell, the Christians turned the Colosseum into a house of worship. And God has been celebrated here far longer than death.”
“Yes, God has been celebrated here, but he never seemed to like the place. Too much blood. The only creatures that are happy here are the cats. Roman cats. And they are as vicious as their lion ancestors – they rip rats to shreds.” Alberto let out a high laugh, picturing the carnage. He then led Archie and Henry across the street to a small trail that wound up a grass covered hill. “We are climbing the Palantine Hill,” Alberto said in his most florid voice. “This was where Rome was born, where Romulus created a city and named it after himself. And it is where the first murder of Rome occurred, when Romulus slew his brother Remus for deriding the new city. That murder by Rome’s founder condemned our city to its bloody fate. As Rome grew, the Palantine Hill was where the richest and most powerful men in Rome had their palaces. The great Tiberius Augustus, the second emperor of Rome, built his Imperial Palace there.” Alberto pointed to the ruins of a crumbling fortress wall. “Tiberius was smothered to death by Gaius Julius Caesar Augustus Germanicus, also known as Caligula.” Alberto pointed to another tall wall on the hill. “Caligula’s palace stood there. It was the most magnificent dwelling of the first century. Within those walls Caligula, swimming in insanity, appointed his horse as consul and priest. And it was there, right there, that Caligula had orgies with over 1,000 men, women…and beasts.” 
“What’s an orgy?” Henry piped up. 
“A big party. Very big party where everyone has lots of fun,” Alberto answered gleefully. 
“It’s almost noon,” Archie broke in, trying to change the subject. “Are we going to have lunch?” 
“Si, si,” Alberto said, “I take you to a great restaurant near the Piazza Farnese. But we are near the Forum. We should go there first.”

A cold, low fog had crept over the Roman Forum. The three descended from the top of sunny Palantine Hill into what seemed like a gray purgatory where the remnants of Rome’s greatness lay strewn about in broken marble and crumbled monuments. “This is the heart of ancient Rome, the most glorious city the world has seen,” Alberto said, leading Archie and Henry through the melancholy pathways to three ancient Corinthian columns that up held up a portion of a ravaged wall and marble roof. “Here is the Temple of Vesta, the heart of Rome’s first kingdom. It was built in 700 B.C. It is where the vestal virgins tended Rome’s sacred flame. And over there…” Alberto pointed to a tall brick building that was in remarkably good condition, “...is the Curia Julia, the seat of the Roman Republic, where the Senate met. On the Ides of March, Julius Caesar was traveling there when he was intercepted and brutally murdered, stabbed 23 times.”
“What’s that?” Archie asked, pointing to a small group of people who were standing near the ruins of a large brick platform.
“Ah, yes. That is the Rosta. It is where the great orators would give magnificent speeches to the citizens of Rome.”  The gathering – no more than 20 men and women – were listening to a disheveled old man in a stained toga.
“What’s going on?” Archie asked.
“Ignore it,” Alberto sniffed. “He’s just a bum trying to get the tourists to give him money.”
The old man raised his voice; his words boomed through the mist.
“This old man recites famous Roman speeches and thinks tourists will be interested. But he has such a bad accent, no one understands what he says.”
Despite his accent, the man’s speaking style was mesmerizing. Everything was done with a grand, magnificent flair. He waved his arms, shouted his words, twisted his face, pounded his fists. 
“I want to hear him,” Archie said.
“No you don’t,” Alberto quickly replied.
“Yes, I do,” Archie snapped back. “I don’t need to hear about murder and blood anymore. I want something that will inspire me, not disgust me.” He made his way across a pathway to the back edge of the crowd. Henry followed, then Alberto.
“Look at his toga,” Alberto muttered disdainfully, pointing to the toga’s bottom edge, which was dirty and frayed. “No respectable Roman would ever wear a toga like that.” 
The old man suddenly picked out Archie and broke into fractured English, “You travel far to hear Rome’s great words.”
“Yes,” Archie answered, looking into the man’s wrinkled face. “How did you know?”
“Because only tourists would listen to him,” Alberto whispered, standing directly behind Archie.
The man just grinned, revealing a mouth of black, decaying teeth. “I speak English. Okay? What you want to hear? 500 lira, you get speech of Mark Anthony.” 
“Time for lunch,” Alberto whispered to Archie.
“What else?” Archie called to the old man. 
“Let’s see, let’s see…in English…” the man clasped his head between his hands and rubbed his temples, trying to coax his brain into action. “Hannibal to his soldiers. Powerful, powerful words.”
“No,” Archie said. “What else?”
The old man squinted hard. “Oh, a good one! How about Cicero revealing the conspiracy against the Republic?”
The name “Cicero” stuck something in Archie. Someone, somewhere had mentioned Cicero. Archie struggled to remember. “What’s the speech about?” Archie asked Alberto. 
“Cicero uncovered a plot to destroy the Republic and told it to the people of Rome,” Alberto answered, showing off his tour guide knowledge.
It was Mick, Archie remembered, the last night they were together. Mick had mentioned Cicero, but Archie couldn’t remember how or why. “Yes. That one,” Archie shouted to the old man.
“Difficult. 750 lira,” the old man bargained.
“Fine. 750. Cicero,” Archie agreed.
The old man closed his eyes and lowered his head as if to commune with the spirits of great Roman orators past. After a moment he snapped his head up and bellowed: “When, O Catilina, do you mean to cease abusing our patience? How long is that madness of yours still to mock us? When is there to be an end of that unbridled audacity of yours, swaggering about as it does now?”
For all his showy eloquence, the old man hadn’t really grasped English. The speech came out a jumble of heavily accented words that hardly made sense. “What’s he saying?” Archie asked Alberto.
“Cicero, he say that there is a conspiracy in the land,” Alberto explained. “He say that unless Catilina and the other conspirators are caught and punished, the Republic will be in mortal danger of destruction.” 
“Catilina?” Archie asked, remembering Mick had mentioned that name as well.
“Si. You know Catilina?”
Before Archie could answer, the old man thundered, “O ye immortal Gods, where on earth are we? In what city are we living? What constitution is ours? They are here, here among us, men who meditate my death, and the death of all of us, and the destruction of this city, and of the whole world.”
“Did this stop them?” Archie asked Alberto.
“What stopped who?”
“This speech. Did Cicero’s speech stop the conspirators?”
“For a while. Catilina was executed. But a few years later Julius Caesar comes along and declares himself emperor and poof, the Republic goes up in smoke anyway. Cicero is assassinated and his head is stuck on a pole. Right there,” Alberto pointed to the far side of the platform. “Right on the Rosta, where he delivered this speech. And they pull out his tongue and defile it with a dagger – una bella linguetta, the most wonderful tongue in all the history of Rome. You see, even when there is something to inspire you about Rome, it all comes back to blood. Fountains of blood.”

For the rest of the tour, through the Circus Maximus and down into the Christian catacombs, Archie couldn’t stop thinking of the old man delivering Cicero’s speech. Coincidence, Archie wondered, or was it something else? So that evening, Archie returned to the Roman Forum by himself. The fog had thickened. The once great center of civilization was unguarded and empty. The Rosta looked different in the murky darkness. Without the old man’s grand oratory, it seemed small. Inconsequential. Just a decrepit platform that traveled the eons, deaf and dumb to the greatness that strode atop it. Archie sat on an iron bench and stared at the old stones. He closed his eyes and imagined himself sitting in that exact spot almost 2000 years earlier, during the reign of Caesar. In his mind’s eye, the fog disappeared. He felt sunlight on his skin and imagined the sounds of a bustling city around him. Children were playing. Horses clomped over the stone streets, pulling wagons and chariots. Lovers strolled holding hands. Merchants shouted from shop stalls. This spot bustled with life. All roads did lead to Rome. “What do you want me to do, Mick?” Archie asked aloud, as if he could bridge the valley of death. 
A loud bump, more like a metallic click, snapped Archie out of his fantasy. He opened his eyes. The streets of Imperial Rome vanished. The multitudes disappeared. There was only stillness. Darkness. But then, behind him, came what sounded like footsteps crunching over pebbles. Archie whipped his head around and caught sight of something big, though he wasn’t sure what, moving quickly through the fog and gone in a split second. Too large for a cat, it was more like a bear – a massive beast – skulking away. Archie opened his ears, straining to listen for any other sound. There was nothing. He sat quietly on the bench for over an hour, waiting – for a sign, a message, an answer – while a layer of dew built up on his shoulders. 


CHAPTER 51

The next morning a telegram was slipped under Archie’s door. He rolled out of bed to pick it up. It was from Morgan and typically direct: “AT GRAND HOTEL PLAZA STOP YOU HAVE SOMETHING FOR ME STOP PLEASE DELIVER TODAY.” 
Archie had almost forgotten his promise to play delivery boy for Belle. He went to his steamer trunk and burrowed through several layers of clothes as if mining for buried treasure. When he dug the chest out and examined it closely, the burnished bronze box did indeed seem like a treasure chest. It was exquisitely crafted, inlaid with pearls and cut stones in an intricate Oriental mosaic. The small gold padlock that clipped the box shut seemed to be an exquisite antique as well. On an impulse, Archie tugged at the lock. It may have been old, but it held tight.
 That afternoon Archie took a taxi along the Via Del Corso. The Grand Hotel Plaza loomed over the bustling district like a medieval citadel built exclusively for the lords of the land. Archie entered the imposing building through a revolving door. The lobby dripped of old world elegance – a plush wonderland of red velvet chairs, ornate crystal chandeliers, stained glass skylights, grand sweeping stairways and several striking sculpted marble lions. Guests serenely sauntered about in their elegant suits and jeweled dresses. “Buon giorno,” Archie said to the slick haired clerk behind the front desk, “I would like you to ring Mr. Morgan’s suite.”
“And what might be the reason for me to do so?” the clerk sniffed with an affected attitude.
“I am Major Archibald Butt. Mr. Morgan is expecting me.”
“You are a military man? You do not wear a uniform.”
“I am the Chief Military Aide to the President of the United States.” 
“You are associated with the American President?” 
“That is correct,” Archie said.
 “I would have never guessed that,” the clerk replied. “I will see if he is in.” The clerk walked into the switchboard room behind the desk. After a minute, he returned shaking his head. “Mr. Morgan is not in. So sorry. Was that to be left for him?” The clerk pointed to the chest Archie was holding under his arm. 
“I’ll wait for him in the bar. Please inform him when he returns.”

The hotel bar appeared to be empty. It was siesta time, mid-afternoon when most everything shuts down. Archie searched for the bartender and finally found him hunched near the end of the curved bar, puffing a cigarette. “Excuse me,” Archie waved. “I would like a caffe.” The bartender grunted then carefully balanced his cigarette on the bar’s edge and went to the espresso machine. Archie sat on a barstool and surveyed the room – it was as elegant as the rest of the hotel, with mahogany-paneled walls, gold-leaf cornices, tapestry wall hangings, and private booths. Over the steaming hiss of the espresso machine, Archie thought he heard voices. But the bar was empty. When the bartender turned the machine off, the voices became clearer. They were coming from a private booth in the far corner of the room. It sounded like English. The booth’s curtain was drawn, but not completely closed. Curious, Archie angled himself so he could peer through a slit. He caught sight of a sliver of a face. From what he saw – a hint of white hair, a red, mottled cheek – he guessed it to be an older man. There seemed to be a commotion inside the booth. The curtain rustled and whipped open for a flash, providing a tantalizing peek but nothing more. Archie glimpsed another fragment of the man’s face – a crimson lump of irregular flesh, a mound of flaming boils and purple veins. There was only one person in the world that owned such unfortunate facial features: J. Pierpont Morgan. As hard as he tried, Archie couldn’t angle himself to see who else was in the booth. He pondered whether he should just go up to the booth and announce himself. Morgan did summon him to the hotel, after all. He took a step in that direction when the voices behind the curtain rose, heated and angry. There was shuffling, then the curtain slipped open. Morgan slid out first. He looked sour, as if he had a bad case of indigestion. He was followed by a massive man who towered over Morgan. The man’s face was also grim and didn’t hide his disdain. If Archie didn’t see it for himself, he never would have believed what he was witnessing: clasping hands in a quick handshake with the most powerful capitalist in the world was Morgan’s sworn enemy, Big Bill Haywood. That these bitter antagonists of iron wills and oversized egos would co-exist in the same room, much less in an enclosed saloon booth, was unimaginable.
“I trust you’ll hold up your end, sir,” Archie heard Morgan say.
“Don’t worry, I’m good for it,” Haywood grumbled then tugged his wide-brimmed black hat down to his eyebrows and hustled toward the rear door. Morgan barked to the bartender, “Fifth floor penthouse. Put it on my bill,” then walked into the lobby. Archie lingered. He should have followed Morgan; he had the chest to deliver. But the sight of Haywood turned everything topsy-turvy. He could see Morgan later, Archie reasoned. Now he had to go after the one man who might explain the unexplainable scene. 
Archie bolted from the saloon and onto the street. The fog that had rolled in the previous day still lingered. Archie looked in all directions, but all he saw was a maze of streets that crisscrossed like an anarchic labyrinth. His instinct was drawing him toward a hilly road that led away from the hotel. For no other reason than this feeling, he started up the hill. The climb was steep and quickly became a trudge. The buildings were dirty and decrepit. Besides some scrawny cats, the only life on the street were prostitutes who hiked their skirts above their knees and uttered coarse invitations to sample their wares. Archie was beginning to believe that his instincts had abandoned him and this hellish route was not the road he should be on. Still, he slogged upward until he caught sight of a resplendent Renaissance church that stood at the crest of the hill like a majestic tiara topped by twin bell towers. The church was the crown for an odd stack of stairs that led up the far side of the hill – The Spanish Steps. The church’s front entrance was not graced with the usual large cross, but an ancient Egyptian obelisk inscribed with hieroglyphics. An odd juxtaposition, Archie thought. The slender obelisk reminded him of the Washington Monument. Gazing down the wide stairway, a vista opened and Archie saw the city of Rome spread in front of him looking like a pale ghost through the thick mist. A harsh wind gusted into his face. Cold, wet and with nowhere else to go, Archie started down the rambling steps, which descended into a large piazza. Darkness was falling and the temperature was quickly plummeting. Even the pigeons had abandoned the piazza for the warmth of their nests. 
Near the foot of the steps was an odd fountain, at the center of which was a sculpted, half submerged boat leaking water from its stone hull, filling the fountain’s oval basin. Archie noticed a solitary man with a black, wide brim hat, gazing into the tumbling water. It was the man Archie had set out to find; his instincts hadn’t let him down after all. “Haywood?” Archie called. 
Big Bill glanced up and squinted. “Butt?” Haywood said. 
“What are you doing here?” Archie asked.
“Taking a little vacation after the Lawrence strike. Perhaps you heard of the great victory for the workers?” 
“Yes, I did hear of it. “I’m on a vacation as well, with a little mission thrown in.”
“To see the Pope or something? I read about that.”
“No. I’m on a mission for you.” 
“For me?!” Haywood exclaimed, surprised and a little amused. 
“You asked me to find out something in exchange for information you have. You do remember that, Mr. Haywood?”
“Can’t say I do.”
“The Brevoort Hotel. I was there with Emma Goldman. You wanted to know about a business deal involving some “robber barons,” as you called them. Well, I have come across something very provocative.”
Haywood became intrigued. “What do you got, Butt?”
“It’s very sensitive and if it became known publicly, it would be quite scandalous,” Archie said, trying to peak Haywood’s interest even more.
“Just tell me what it is.”
“Okay then, here it is,” Archie dramatically announced. “I discovered that Big Bill Haywood is making deals with the very robber barons he is at war with.”
Haywood’s expression turned cold and hard. He glared at Archie with his one good eye. “In fact,” Archie continued, “Haywood met with J. P. Morgan this very afternoon. It’s odd, I know. What would the common proletariat think if they saw the leader of the Industrial Workers of the World shaking hands with their most reviled enemy?”
 “You know, Butt, spreading half truths can be very dangerous,” Haywood answered in a low, ominous voice.
“Is that why Mick Shaughnessy was killed?”
“No. He never spread any half-truths. Mick was too smart for that. His problem was that he knew too many real truths.”
“Well sir, the truth of the matter is that I saw you engaged in a long conversation with J. Pierpont Morgan at the end of which you shook his hand and seemed to have consummated some sort deal.”   
“Like I said, Butt, it would be dangerous to misinterpret something you really know nothing about.”
“Then maybe you could fill me in because I don’t want to spread any misinformation.”
Haywood took a step closer to Archie, invading his space. Archie stood his ground. “The truth of the matter is that Morgan is a no good bastard swine who exploits the working man for his own ends,” Haywood said. “It’s no secret I believe this and Morgan is quite aware of my feelings toward him. That being said, I’m sure he believes I’m a filthy no good bastard swine who wants to destroy everything near and dear to him. So it goes: I live in my swine pen, he lives in his, and we fling shit at each other. Occasionally though, there’s something outside of our pens that we might need to cooperate on. And what serves his miserable purpose may also serve my noble one. Do you understand what I’m saying, Butt?”
“I’m not sure,” Archie answered.
“I’ll make it clearer then. While Morgan is my enemy and I am his, occasionally there may be certain interests we have in common. In such instances, we hold our noses and agree to act together. That’s the way of the world.”
“And what might those interests be?” 
 Haywood put a finger to his lips, indicating they were sealed tightly. “It’s not a matter of your concern.”
“Then you shouldn’t concern yourself with people knowing about you and him.”
Haywood reached out his large paw and placed it atop Archie’s shoulder. “Listen, Butt, I want to help you out, I really do. So my advice is to drop it. It’s not worth your trouble anymore.”
“And what if I can’t drop it?”
“Then be careful what you wish for.” With that, Haywood gave Archie’s shoulder a firm squeeze. “Oh, the information you wanted at the Brevoort?” 
“Yes. About Sue Mann. You said you would tell me who she is.”
“Ask the Pope,” Haywood whispered in a mock-conspiratorial voice. “He’s got a direct line to the Almighty. He’ll tell you all you need to know.” Then he gave Archie a wink and started away. 
Archie watched Haywood disappear into the fog and, as mystified as ever, turned back to the fountain. There was a plaque by the water’s edge – Fontana della Barcaccia – Pietro Bernini – 1627. Archie had his free hand in a trouser pocket to keep warm and realized he was clutching the silver dollar Belle gave him. He took it out, flipped it in the palm of his hand then tossed the coin high into the air. “For you, Belle,” Archie said as he watched it plop into the swirling water. “For luck.”


CHAPTER 52

It was the horrible groaning and retching that drove John Astor into a panic. His young wife’s head was plunged into a toilet and Astor felt helpless. “Do something!” Madeleine screamed while coming up for a momentary breath before erupting with another stream of vomit.
“It must have been last night’s oysters,” Astor muttered.
“Get me a washcloth,” she gasped, raising her head from the bowl again. “I think I’m done.”
Astor snatched a small cloth from the towel rack and handed it to his wife who was still prostrated before the porcelain bowl. “Wet it first!” Madeleine commanded, not hiding her irritation.
“Of course, my darling.” He moistened the washcloth in the marble sink then pushed it toward his wife’s mouth in a clumsy act of tenderness. She snapped it from his fluttering hand. “Let me do it!”
“It must have been last night’s oysters,” Astor repeated.
“No, it wasn’t the oysters, dear,” Madeleine said, pausing to wipe the vomit from her mouth. “It’s morning sickness.”
Astor scanned his wife’s smeared face. “How can that be?”
“You really don’t know?”
“Well, of course I know…but…I thought you were past that phase.”
“Obviously not,” Madeleine shot back. “We have to return home.”
“Of course, my darling. You’ll see a doctor first thing tomorrow morning, then…”
“I want to go home now.”
“But we just arrived in Rome.”
“I need to be with my mother.”
“It’s going to take a couple of weeks, dearest. I have a very important meeting here and we must arrange the passage and…”
“I want to go home now!” Madeleine howled like a petulant child.
“Yes, my darling, but this meeting…”
“I am pregnant with your baby. Aren’t I more important than any stupid meeting?”
“Of course you are,” Astor stammered, “but…”
“I am going to be on the next ship to America. You can be with me if you’d like,” Madeleine said, then turned away and finished wiping her face.
John Astor broke out in a tremendous sweat. The meeting had already been set. Morgan and Vanderbilt and several of the other men were already in Rome. He knew he couldn’t cancel it now. But his pregnant wife was delivering an ultimatum that gave him no choice. “No choice,” he mumbled, and then spoke up. “I cannot let you travel alone, Madeleine. I will be by your side every moment until our baby comes.”
Madeleine turned back to Astor, her lips quivering into a smile. “Oh my darling, you don’t know how much your devotion means to me.”
She bent toward him and pressed her mouth on his. It tasted sour. “It will all work out for the best, my lamb,” Astor said, already worrying about the reaction he would get from Vanderbilt when he broke the news. 


CHAPTER 53

“When you enter the room, you will wait to be introduced. I will be with you along with the Vatican Secretary of State, Cardinal del Val, who will act as our translator. Del Val is a fine chap, you’ll like him.” Archie was listening to the Monsignor Thomas Kennedy, rector of the American College in Rome. They were in the back of a limousine as it drove through St. Peter’s Square. Even though it was 11:30 in the morning, Archie was in formal evening dress, including white tie and top hat. “You will address the Pope as ‘Your Holiness,’” Kennedy went on. “Our audience will last exactly twenty minutes. The Pope has a very strict schedule and his handlers make sure he does not deviate from it. You will, of course, remove your hat in the Pope’s presence.”
Their car pulled to a stop in front of the Apostolic Palace in the western corner of the vast square. Archie stepped onto a red carpet that was flanked by twin rows of Swiss Guards. When Archie laid eyes on the men in their orange, blue and red striped pantaloons and blouses crowned by red plumed conquistador helmets his first thought was: Now those are uniforms!! Archie became so caught up in the spectacle of the Guards he didn’t notice Cardinal Merry del Val approaching until Kennedy nudged him. Archie snapped quickly to attention and fixed his gaze on del Val – a tall, elegant man in his mid-forties, with a sophisticated bearing that didn’t quite fit with his priestly profession. “On behalf of the Papal See, I welcome you, Major Archibald Butt,” del Val said, surprising Archie by speaking with a crisp British accent. 
“Thank you, Cardinal del Val. I am honored to be here representing the President of the United States and the American people.”
“And it is my honor to escort you to the Pope. This way please…” del Val gestured forward. As Archie moved beside him, del Val uttered quietly, “Those Swiss Guards are an eyeful, aren’t they?”

The procession to the Pope wound through the grand halls of the Apostolic Palace where the Pope had his apartment and received dignitaries. Marching with the Swiss Guards reminded Archie of being in a 4th of July parade, all colorful pomp and ceremony. When the entourage finally arrived at the palace’s private library, the Swiss Guards snapped a cross-chest salute then raised their double-bladed lances to attention. Archie caught sight of Pope Pius X sitting on a golden throne at the end of the vast room. He was a squat, square-faced man with a full head of thick, white hair. Archie thought he looked like a child engulfed in an oversized chair.
Del Val genuflected and kissed the Pope’s ring. Kennedy did the same. The Pope made the sign of the cross over Kennedy and gave him a rosary. It was Archie’s turn. The Pope warmly took Archie’s hand, looked him directly in the eye and started talking in a torrent of Italian. 
“The Pope greets you, Major,” del Val translated. “And blesses you and the American President you represent.” Pius began another stream of rapid Italian, all the while handing Archie two autographed pictures of himself. “He offers these pictures to you as a gift so that you might remember your time with the Pope as one that was illuminated by the Holy Spirit.” 
“Thank you, Your Holiness,” Archie said in a well-practiced, formal tone. “I will present your pictures to the President upon my return to the United States. And I bring you a greeting from President Taft with his warmest regards.” Archie handed the Pope a letter from Taft on the White House stationary, which featured a gold embossed Presidential seal and Taft’s florid signature. 
“Grazie,” the Pope said, seeming genuinely appreciative. “Grazie mille.”
Archie and Kennedy were brought chairs to sit before the Pope and the audience went according to script. The Pope asked Archie about the state of spirituality in America, to which Archie replied that Americans were a deeply religious, God-fearing people. “America is very much a Christian nation,” Archie said. “But we have no state religion. It is in our nature to respect every man’s belief.”
 “As long as the Catholic Church is respected,” del Val translated the Pope’s words, “the Holy See will never have a problem with America.”
For Archie, the audience seemed to have hardly begun when the priest standing behind the Pope whispered in his ear. The Pope spoke again and del Val translated: “The Holy Father wishes that the time had not flown by so quickly but he must draw this delightful audience to an end. He asks you, Major, if you have any personal needs you wish to address or spiritual questions you wish him to answer.”
“No, Your Holiness, my only wish is that my country and the Holy See remain in good stead and that our governments retain close and cordial relations.”
“Va bene,” Pius said, then reached out and warmly grasped Archie’s hand. The Pope’s palm was velvety soft. Archie felt comforted by his touch, enough so that a thought popped into his head. “Actually, there is a question I have for the Holy Father.” The Pope gestured for Archie to talk. “Thank you, Your Holiness,” Archie said, then hesitated, having second thoughts. 
“Please,” the Pope said. “You ask.”
“Alright, then. Your Holiness, does the name Sue Mann mean anything to the Pope?”
The Pope’s benevolent expression grew puzzled. “Sue Mann?” the Pope replied with his thick Italian accent. 
“Si.” Archie repeated, “Sue Mann.”
The Pope turned to del Val and they had a quick, intense conversation. “The Pope wants to know why you asked such a question,” Del Val said to Archie.
“A friend of mine uttered her name right before he died.” 
When del Val finished translating, the Pope frowned. “You are sure that is what you’re friend said?” Del Val asked.
“Yes,” Archie answered. 
“Was he still trying to tell you something?”
“I don’t know,” Archie said.  “It never occurred to me.  He said that name, Sue Mann, then groaned, ‘Oooo…’ and died in my arms.”
“And your friend was a Catholic?” del Val asked.
“He was.”
“A good Catholic?”
“I’m not sure he went to church every Sunday, but he told me about being an altar boy as a child.”
“And what was the nature of your relationship with him?”
“We served together in a war. The Philippines. He was a good man.”
“And a good soldier, yes?”
“Yes,” Archie said, a little surprised del Val would ask that. “The best soldier I ever served with.”
“He was a student of war,” del Val went on, his British accent sounding even more clipped. “And he particularly held the Roman warrior in high esteem. Am I correct?”
“Yes,” Archie said, trying not to show his surprise at del Val’s uncanny knowledge of Mick.
“And he met a tragic end,” del Val flatly stated.
“He did,” Archie said. “He was killed in an explosion.”
Del Val translated, the Pope nodded then spoke somberly. “The Pope understands why you asked him that question,” del Val told Archie.
He does?! Because I sure don’t, Archie thought.
  Del Val continued, “It is a very serious matter you bring up and it has been troubling you for some time. The Holy Father empathizes with you. Be assured, you will have your answer in hope that it will bring you peace.” With that, del Val turned to a door at the back of the library. “Follow me, if you will, Major.”
Confused by the sudden veer from the carefully scripted audience, Archie looked to Kennedy. “I’ll meet you later,” the Monsignor said. Archie gave a small, formal bow to the Pope then took off behind del Val.

“Oh my,” Archie uttered with genuine awe when he stepped into St. Peter’s Cathedral. The cathedral overwhelmed him with its vast magnificence. He looked up into the cathedral’s immense webbed dome. Its designer, Michelangelo, created a dome of such perfect geometry that it appeared to be a portal to heaven. If God were to dwell in any earthy building, it would be this one, Archie thought.
 “Come, Major,” del Val said. “Our destination is below today, not above.” The Cardinal lifted a large wooden floorboard at the base of Bernini’s baldacchino. A narrow stairway was revealed. “It leads to a secret passageway under the basilica,” del Val continued. “For reasons you will soon see, its existence has not been made public. Mind your step.” Del Val started down then held his hand back, guiding Archie down fifteen steep steps that descended to a dim, narrow tunnel. Del Val kept Archie’s hand in his grasp, leading him forward. “Directly above us is the cathedral’s altar. We are coming to a grotto. We have evidence that this holy sanctuary holds the crypt of the founder of our church, Saint Peter, the great servant of Christ.”
Archie’s eyes were adjusting to the dimness of the primitive grotto whose only light was coming from six large candles that flickered along the ancient walls. Del Val walked up to a rough marble crypt that was inset in the wall and prostrated himself. Archie began to feel queasy breathing the stale underground air. After saying a prayer, del Val rose. He sensed Archie’s discomfort. “I hope you aren’t claustrophobic, Major.”
“And what if I am, your Eminence?”
“Then I would suggest earnest prayer,” del Val answered dryly.
The adroitness of del Val’s delivery caused Archie to burst out with a quick laugh that he swallowed, trying to be considerate of the sanctity of the grotto. “Don’t hold back,” the Cardinal counseled. “Laughter is as natural as any prayer and I’m sure Saint Peter would not be offended.” 
 Del Val’s less than reverent tone surprised Archie. “I’m sorry, your Eminence, but I just didn’t think that a man of the cloth would…” Archie searched for the appropriate word. Del Val jumped in: “Crack a joke? You’d be surprised by the healthy bit of irreverence that runs through the clergy. A little humor helps us bear the burdens of the priesthood a bit easier.”
Del Val took one of the large candles and headed for another narrow tunnel that led away from Saint Peter’s crypt. Archie had to lean forward to avoid bumping his head. “If I might ask,” Archie said, shuffling behind del Val, “I thought you were Spanish, and yet you speak flawless English.”
“Yes, I am Spanish. My father was the secretary to the Spanish delegation in Great Britain when I was born. My mother is of English, Irish and Spanish heritage. I grew up in London. English is my first language. Though I do also speak Spanish. And Italian. And Latin, of course. And German. And Russian. And Portuguese. And a smattering of Polish…”
As del Val was talking, Archie noticed the tight passageway was opening into another grotto, this one vast. In the dim candlelight the grotto appeared to resemble a ghostly city. There were broken marble structures that hovered in the shadows near jagged rows of crumbled Roman columns and cracked markers with worn inscriptions.
 “What is this place?” Archie asked. 
“It turns out the Vatican was built on an ancient necropolis,” del Val explained. “The first chambers that were found contained crypts of Christian martyrs, so it was suspected that this was a secret burial ground for early Christians. But then we stumbled on this grotto, which appears to be the tip of a much larger city for the dead. We have no idea how extensive it is – it will be an overwhelming task to excavate it. But we have found evidence of Jewish interments along with Christian and Roman burial sites. There is much here that goes to the very beginnings of our church. We have been careful about the information we release to the public because it could be misinterpreted and create a furor over the true nature of the Roman Church as the center of Christ’s kingdom on earth. It’s all politics, Major, something I am sure you can understand.”
“I understand politics, but I don’t understand why you have taken me here.”
“Ah, yes. Come this way and I will show you why the Pope, in his infinite wisdom, wanted me to escort you to this place.” Del Val gently took Archie’s arm and led him to a mound of loose soil over which several broken stone tablets were strewn and frozen in some eternal tableau. “It’s an ancient burial site of a Roman general.” Del Val pointed to the largest block on the mound. “See, there, near the top, is a stone with the general’s epitaph.” The Latin letters that were carved into the block were worn and barely legible. Del Valle began reading:“Fortunatus, miles ferox ductorque virorum, qui legatus caesaris fuerat bello gallico, honeste peritt sua manu, a fatis vocatus.”
Archie thought he heard del Val say Sue Mann while reading the inscription. “Cardinal…?” Archie asked, puzzled. 
“It is actually spoken sua manu,” del Val said, knowing exactly the source of Archie’s confusion. “The epitaph reads, ‘Fortunatus, a fierce soldier and leader of men, third in command during the war in Gaul, died honorably by his own hand when the fates called.’”
  “Then Sue Mann…?” 
“…is not a person,” del Val answered. “During Roman times, when a soldier fell from grace and there was no hope of redemption – maybe he had lost a great battle or allied himself with the wrong politician – it was an act of honor to kill himself. Sua manu was a common phrase for this. It literally means ‘by his own hand.’ Your friend, for whatever reason, appears to have taken it upon himself to emulate that ancient Roman ritual. Does that make sense to you?” 
“No, actually it doesn’t make sense,” Archie answered quickly. “Mick would never commit suicide. He would never give up.” But even as Archie was saying those words, another thought came to him: Mick would have had no trouble honorably sacrificing himself like a Roman soldier if the circumstances called for it. With that insight, the pieces of the jigsaw puzzle began to fall into place. Archie recalled Mrs. Shaughnessy saying that Mick had double-crossed one too many powerful men, discovered one too many secrets, let one too many people down. If Mick was a doomed man and knew it, he would have played the game out to gain as much advantage as he could, making sure his wife and child were financially taken care of before orchestrating his own assassination. It would be absolutely right for Mick Shaughnessy to meet death on his own terms, Archie thought, to die by his own hand and not by the hands of others, choosing the method and moment to make his exit from this world. 
“No Catholic is to commit such an act,” del Valle stated.
“But for a soldier,” Archie answered firmly, “under the right circumstances, it is the only act to commit. To die with purpose and honor is noble.”
“I must disagree with you, Major.”
“Of course you must, your Eminence. You are a priest.”
“And you are a soldier.” 
“That I am,” Archie said, as if reminding himself of that fact. “I am a soldier.”  


CHAPTER 54

George Vanderbilt sensed that something was not right. He was dining with John Astor in the drawing room of Astor’s penthouse suite. Astor looked healthy enough – his face had color and his eyes were clear. He was not the quivering ghost of a man Vanderbilt met at the Grand Central Terminal several months earlier. Still, something was not right. “I take it your trip to Rome was comfortable,” Astor asked stiffly while taking a sip of his white wine.
“Very comfortable. Thank you for asking, John.” Vanderbilt sipped his own wine. “I believe Guggenheim will be arriving today,” Vanderbilt said, trying to veer the conversation to the business at hand.
“Is he bringing that singer with him? She’ll be a distraction.”
“You have Madeleine with you,” Vanderbilt said casually. 
But Astor didn’t take it casually at all. “Are you comparing Madeleine to some whore Guggenheim picked up in a dance hall?”
“Not at all, John. I’m just saying several men are traveling with their wives.”
“Or mistresses,” Astor interjected with a sneer.
“You shouldn’t be so cynical,” Vanderbilt said, trying to lighten the mood. “I know for a fact that Isador Straus is not with a mistress. He’s with his wife Ida and they’ve been together for almost fifty years.” Vanderbilt raised his wine glass to sooth Astor’s sourness. “May you and Madeleine enjoy the same love and marital bliss the Straus’ have had for all these long years.”
“They’re Jews. Jews stay married even if they hate each other.”
“But Isador and Ida adore each other,” Vanderbilt said. “Like you and Madeleine.”
“Yes,” Astor said. “In fact, I adore Madeleine more than ever.”
“Of course you do. She’s your bride and you’re devoted to her.”
“Especially now, since she is carrying my child.” 
Vanderbilt suppressed a surprised gasp and wondered why Astor was so indifferent delivering such happy news. “John, that’s wonderful. Congratulations, you’re going to be a father again.”
“Yes,” Astor said. “And because of Madeleine’s condition and her delicate constitution, we have decided to return to America.”
“That makes all the sense in the world.”
“Immediately.”
 Vanderbilt held his tongue, sensing that this could be the source of Astor’s sourness. “What do you mean, ‘immediately?’” 
“Tomorrow. The next day. As soon as possible.”
“But John, you can’t. We’ve set up this meeting.”
“Don’t tell me I can’t!” Astor barked. “We’ll just have to set it up for some other time.”
Vanderbilt grabbed the edge of his chair’s armrests and squeezed them to squelch his anger. “Jack,” he started tautly, “we’ve invited some of the most prominent men in America to come all the way to Rome to join us in our project and you’re going to tell them the meeting is off because your pregnant little wife can’t remain another week?”
Astor’s face flushed red. He tilted his head back and looked down at Vanderbilt. “No, dear boy,” Astor said, his nostrils flaring. “You’re going to tell them.”
Vanderbilt shot up from his chair and hovered over Astor. “You can’t…”
“Of course I can,” Astor cut him off, and then began speaking to Vanderbilt like a master speaking to a servant. “This is my project. It started with me. I designed it. I can do anything I want. And if you believe that I give a fig about any of those other men, remember, I am the richest of them all. I don’t need this project, I don’t need those men and I certainly don’t need the money. Not like you, George. You think I don’t know? You’re desperate for this project to happen because you need money. Without it you’re broke. Well, the careless managing of your finances is not my concern. Considering the way you talked about Madeleine, I should cut you out right now so you can’t sponge off me any longer.” Astor took a slice of salami from an antipasti tray and chewed it slowly. The spewing of vitriol seemed to calm him. “But I won’t, George, I won’t cut you off. I do like this project very much so I’m going to be generous with you. I’m going to allow you to resolve things. And if you can solve this little difficulty, well then, you deserve the money that will come to you. So, take care of it, George, and let me know that everything has been worked out. Now, if you don’t mind, I have to attend to Madeleine. I believe you have some phone calls to make.” Astor daintily wiped his hands with a napkin then rose and stepped out of the drawing room, leaving Vanderbilt standing in the middle of the room, alone.

Vanderbilt stalked out of Astor’s suite, fuming. He wanted to scream and needed to vent his frustration to someone who could understand his rage. He tromped up one flight of stairs to the fifth floor and marched to a door at the end of the hallway. He rapped hard with his knuckles. Nothing. He banged again, more out of frustration than anything else. Just as he was about to turn away, a voice rumbled from behind the door, “Who is it?” 
“George Vanderbilt,” he said, trying to regain his poise.
There was some shuffling on the other side then the lock unlatched and the door swung open. Standing in the doorway was J. Pierpont Morgan, clad only in a loose terrycloth robe that revealed more than an ample bit of Morgan’s cascading flesh. 
“I disturbed you,” Vanderbilt said. “I’ll come back another time.”
Morgan noticed Vanderbilt’s agitated state. “Nonsense. Come on in, George.” Morgan took Vanderbilt’s arm and led him into the sitting room. It had a view over all of Rome, which was still engulfed in a miasma of lingering haze. “Have a seat,” Morgan said, pulling up a chair opposite Vanderbilt. “What’s on your mind?” 
“Astor,” Vanderbilt blurted. “You were right, Mr. Morgan. He’s simply impossible. An unremitting, unreliable, excuse the expression, jackass. He’s lazy, he’s autocratic, and ever since that spoiled little teenage brat has become his wife, he doesn’t care about anything or anyone else. He’s become her lapdog. And now she’s pregnant and insists they return to the States immediately.”
“Don’t say I didn’t warn you. The fact that he’s distracted might not be a bad thing. It will give you more opportunity to run the meeting.”
“He wants to cancel the meeting! They want to be on the first ship home and damn us all! It doesn’t matter that we invited all those gentlemen to Rome. He’s going to turn around and abandon them. And he asked me to clean up the mess. He wants me to somehow make things right when nothing is right! I’m done. I’m going to call the whole thing off.”
Morgan stroked his chin calmly. “Calling the whole thing off now is a little extreme, don’t you think? Especially considering how far you’ve taken it.”
“I don’t see any other choice. I can’t work with Astor any longer.”
“But I like your project, George. I believe everything you’ve said about it is true – it will revitalize business and is the most important project of the 20th Century. I believe your plan could accomplish everything you’ve set out for it.”
“Not with Astor.”
“Who says Astor has to be involved?”
“It’s his project. He won’t relinquish control.”
Morgan’s eyes narrowed. “Things change,” Morgan said in a soft, steely voice. “That’s the nature of business. Things change.” Morgan tugged his robe closed around his belly, shut his eyes and leaned back in the chair. His mouth dropped open and he became lost in thought. A minute went by. Then two. Morgan didn’t move a muscle. Vanderbilt began wondering if Morgan hadn’t died right in the middle of their conversation. But just then Morgan rubbed his pitted nose. “I have an idea...” Morgan said, still looking up at the ceiling “…an idea that can solve all of the problems. And it’s perfect. Absolutely perfect.” He leveled his head. His blue eyes were ablaze. “Do you understand, George?”
“I’m not sure I do, Mr. Morgan.”
 “Of course not,” Morgan smiled. “What if I told you that the unions had agreed to allow this project to go forward if certain amenities were given to them? Hmmm? What would you say?”
“I’d say that would be a major development, Mr. Morgan.”
“Yes, it is a major development. And now Astor wants to subvert everything and that’s the best thing that could have happened. It’s as if the planets were struggling to align and Astor, by acting in a selfish, stupid way, is nudging everything into place. It’s all crystal clear,” Morgan asserted, his voice strong and steady. It was the voice of a banker, but filled with something different – there was a spark of zealous inspiration behind it. Vanderbilt had never seen Morgan so fired with passion. “It’s been like this throughout my life, George. Divergent things fall into place and a clear path is revealed. I’m a religious man. I believe in God and he has often shown me a way even when there was no apparent way perceptible. Now God is showing me a way with this project. And when the Lord directs me to take a certain road, to carry through with certain actions, I don’t ask questions, I just follow his orders. And I believe he is directing me – directing us – to put our country on solid footing with we businessmen leading the way. Astor’s belligerence will allow us to remove the excess debris so there is a clear path for us to succeed. Are you onboard with me, George?”
“Of course I am, Mr. Morgan,” Vanderbilt said, unsure what he was onboard to. 
“It’s a big step we’ll be taking,” Morgan said. “But a necessary one if this project is to succeed. So…” Morgan tapped his fingers on his armrest, “…we must have that meeting and it must take place with the men who have traveled here.”
“What about Astor?”
“Him, too. He must not only be there, but he has to be in charge.” Morgan smiled a strange, enigmatic smile. “That’s what he really wants, right?” 

* * *

“Hello?” Archie said, answering the phone in his room.
“Major Butt. It’s George Vanderbilt. How are you?”
“I’m well. Thank you, Mr. Vanderbilt.”
“I read in the newspapers that you have already arrived in Rome.”
“Yes, some 10 days ago. I was going to get in touch with you or Mr. Astor about the details for that meeting.”
“That’s why I’m calling,” Vanderbilt said. “A complication has risen. John Astor’s wife is with child.”
“That’s wonderful. Congratulations are in order for Colonel Astor.”
“Yes, but this happy news has necessitated a change in plans. It seems it’s imperative that Astor’s wife return to the United States immediately for health reasons and Astor feels it’s necessary that he return with her. That complicates our plans for the meeting we are to begin next week.”
“Yes, it would seem to throw a wrench into things if Astor has to return home.”
“Fortunately, Mr. Morgan has come up with a solution that we hope could satisfy everyone’s needs. It would necessitate some changes in travel plans though.”
“Do tell, Mr. Vanderbilt.”
“Well…Mr. Morgan has proposed that we move the meeting to his White Star ship that sails for America next week. Mr. Morgan says it will give us the seclusion needed for the meetings and allow us to focus on the work. Anyway, Mr. Morgan has been gracious enough to make sure there are staterooms available for all of us so that we could do business in the most comfortable circumstances. Most everyone I’ve informed has said they will make it. I would hope you would be able to be onboard with us.”
Whether he wanted to or not, Archie knew that he had to be at the meetings, if only because the President requested he find out the details of the project. “Yes. I believe that would be fine with me, Mr. Vanderbilt.” 
“I’ll make sure your passage is booked,” Vanderbilt said.  “And, of course, all your expenses will be covered.”
“I will be traveling with one other person. My valet, Henry Kosinski.”
“I’ll book his passage as well. The ship departs April 10. It’s the liner’s maiden voyage. The Titanic. Should be an absolutely divine cruise.”


CHAPTER 55

It started as a bright and blustery spring day along the docks in Southampton, England, a day where the whole world seemed to shine. The great ship stood ten stories high and nearly a sixth of a mile long, a monument in steel to the shipbuilding technology of the era. There was a celebration for her send off, though it was not excessive – that occurred at her Belfast launch the previous year. While the Titanic was the biggest (46,328 tons) and most luxurious liner ever to sail, she was only a smidgen larger and a tad more elegant than her celebrated twin sister, the Olympic. Although there were no bands playing or fireworks being shot into the air, there was excitement – harried porters rushing to and fro hauling stacks of luggage; curious locals crowding the dock to catch a glimpse of the majestic ship; eager passengers waiting restlessly in long, snaking lines that led to a boarding agent who stood at the bottom of the gangways. Archie and Henry waited patiently in the first-class line. When they finally stepped to the gangway, the boarding agent greeted them with a sharp “Good morning.” 
“Good morning,” Archie answered. “Archibald Butt, First Class, with my manservant, Henry Kosinski.”
The agent peered at his boarding list and flipped through several pages. His brow furrowed. “I have you, Major Butt, but I do not see Mister Kosinski listed.” 
“I’m his valet,” Henry piped up. The agent acted as if he didn’t hear Henry, lowering his eyes again and examining the boarding list. “He was booked into second class,” Archie added.
“I am sorry, sir,” the agent said, sounding not very sorry at all. “But there is no record of that booking.” 
“George Vanderbilt took care of the reservation,” Archie stated firmly. “It was done at the behest of Mr. J. P. Morgan. Surely you will let my valet board.”
“If he doesn’t have a ticket or verified reservation, I certainly cannot let him board.”
The crowd in line behind Archie began getting restless. There were a few shouts to get on with it. “Well, where can we get a ticket?” Archie asked, trying hard to maintain his civility. The agent pointed through the thicket of people that packed the dock to a building some distance away. “Tickets are sold at White Star ticket office.” 
“And how much would his fare be?” Archie inquired.  The crowd behind them was growing even more unsettled. 
“Twenty-seven pounds for second class. But all those tickets have sold out. So sorry,” the agent said, still not sounding very sorry.
Archie opened his wallet and pushed close to the agent. “Thirty pounds. The boy boards now and stays in my berth. No one knows but me and you...” Archie pressed several bills into the agent’s palm. “Unless you want me to bother Mr. Morgan about this problem?” 
The agent huffed indignantly then flicked his hand, waving the two onto the gangplank.

Stateroom B-38 was on an upper deck, only a few steps from the entrance to the centerpiece of the Titanic, the Grand Staircase. With its patterned silk wallpaper and gilded lamp fixtures, the stateroom oozed elegance. There was one large bed in the corner of the room with a thick red satin spread over the mattress. “I need a nap, Henry,” Archie said as he stepped into the room.
“You can’t sleep now, Captain. We gotta get to the deck for the send off.”
“You go. I’m going to get a little shut-eye. You can wake me when we get to Cherbourg.” Archie plopped onto the mattress.
Henry grabbed Archie’s hand and tugged. “Com’on Captain. You and me, we ain’t never gonna see somethin’ like this again.”
“Of course we will, Henry.”
“No, not somethin’ this big. Let’s go, Captain,” Henry insisted. Archie grumbled as the boy kept pestering him until he finally gave in. 
The Titanic’s engines were already churning when the two reached the first class promenade. Plumes of black smoke blasted from the ship’s four massive smokestacks and a swell of cheers rose from the dockside crowd. Whistles blew and the ship began floating away from its berth. Henry waved to the crowd below who flapped their handkerchiefs back. As the Titanic started through the harbor, its massive bulk created an enormous wake. A smaller liner, the New York, was caught in the mammoth turbulence. Its rope moorings drew taut, then snapped, popping like gunshots. The frayed ropes arced into the air, scattering people along the dock. The wake then sucked the New York right toward the Titanic. 
At the helm of the Titanic, Captain Edward Smith – a venerated sailor making his retiring voyage for White Star – frantically ordered his port propeller surged to create a backwash that would push the New York away. But the ships continued to drift closer like magnets inescapably attracted to each other. It appeared certain that their hulls would smash together. A similar harbor accident happened seven months earlier and sent the Olympic – also piloted by Captain Smith – to the repair docks. A crash would have ended the Titanic’s maiden voyage before it even left Southampton. There was a frantic whistle, then, with less than 10 feet separating the ships, the stern of the New York glided to the Titanic’s port side and began inching away. The New York just missed hitting the Titanic’s steel hull. Disaster was averted – barely.
“Wow!” shouted Henry, his eyes as wide as saucers, “That was close!” Archie couldn’t believe what he just witnessed. The dark premonitions that had been suppressed once again bubbled to the surface. The passengers who were festively celebrating the departure on the deck became eerily quiet. A few onboard were so shaken they decided to disembark the ship in Cherbourg. But most passengers quickly forgot the incident – if they were aware of it at all – and the Titanic steamed away into the English Channel, sailing past the Isle of Wight toward Cherbourg for its second boarding of the day.

Because of the delay in Southampton, it was already dark when the Titanic anchored outside the harbor at Cherbourg. The liner was too large for the French port so a smaller tender, the Nomadic, loaded the new boarding passengers on the Cherbourg docks to ferry them to the boat. A squall was blowing in and the Nomadic was bobbing at its mooring, occasionally smashing into the wood dock with unsettling thuds. The gangplanks that led to the tender swayed from side to side, turning the simple boarding into something of an amusement park adventure. 
There were only 274 people coming aboard, among them were John Astor and Madeleine, the Wideners, John Thayer, and Frank Millet, who decided to join Archie, having finished his business at the Academy. Darkness had already descended when the Titanic departed Cherbourg. The port sparkled like a crescent jewel box with the crown jewel steaming out of the harbor and into the night.

Archie had left Henry in the stateroom and met Millet for dinner. The first class dining room was buzzing. Men were in tuxedoes, women in evening gowns. The dinner conversation that night was mostly about the ship. While almost all of the first class passengers were Transatlantic veterans, few had experienced the supreme luxury the Titanic offered – a full gymnasium, a Squash Court, Turkish baths, a large swimming pool, opulent sitting rooms, a smoking parlor, a veranda and palm court, three dining rooms along with a French a la carte restaurant, and grand promenades for each class. Millet was in his usual high-spirited form, relating who was sleeping with whom among European royalty. When Archie stuffed a bit of his steak and some rolls in a napkin to take to Henry, Millet teased him on becoming a parent late in life. “Don’t misunderstand me, Archie, I like the boy,” Millet said. “He brings a bit of street spunk with him. Something us jaded elders can use.”
The two old friends made their way to the upstairs smoking salon and talked, drank brandy and smoked cigars until nearly eleven when both decided to call it an evening. As Archie walked along the first class promenade he could hear the ship’s band playing a medley of waltzes from two decks down. He felt light again. Easy. The Titanic’s elegant refinement made the whole world seem properly ordered and civilized. 
All the lights in the stateroom were on when Archie entered. Henry lay atop the mattress, fully dressed and lightly snoring. Archie didn’t want to wake him from what seemed to be deep sleep. But he noticed that Henry’s face was contorted and he was emitting small, tortured yelps. Archie bent over the bed to touch the boy’s shoulder.
“Henry…you’re having a bad dream…” Archie said softly.
But Henry only moaned. Archie shook the boy a little harder. “It’s only a dream…wake up now…” Still asleep, Henry began angrily babbling then struck an arm out, smacking Archie in the chest. Archie grabbed Henry’s tight fist. “Henry!…” Archie’s tone was no longer gentle. “You have to wake up! It’s only a dream!”
But Henry was now barking his unconscious rage. His face was red, his mouth bent. Archie grabbed Henry by both shoulders and pushed him hard to the bed. Henry’s head snapped back and bounced on the mattress. His eyes shot open. Archie smiled reassuringly, seeing Henry come back into this world. “It’s only a bad dream,” Archie said gently. But Henry erupted with a bloodcurdling shriek. His hands shot up and latched around Archie’s neck. The boy’s eyes were vacant; he was grunting hot animal breaths, squeezing Archie’s neck with a primal aggression that funneled unnatural strength to his hands. Archie could barely get out a croak. Henry drove his thumbs into Archie’s carotid artery. Archie felt a white haze pulsate around him. His eyes grew unfocused. In that foggy moment, a strange sort of admiration flashed: that this small boy that Archie was growing so fond of, possessed the fierceness of a warrior. But that was only a lightning thought before his own self-defense mechanism clicked in and he struck his fist into the boy’s chest. His knuckles plunged into Henry’s body. The bones were thin and delicate. Bird bones. Archie thought he had completely shattered Henry’s breast. Henry released his grip, fell back on the bed and blinked his eyes, appearing to emerge out of his rabid spell.
“Henry…” Archie said sharply.
“No…no…no…” Henry murmured, then looked directly at Archie. “I tried to kill you, Captain, but I didn’t know…” The boy couldn’t finish his sentence, dissolving into racking sobs.
“It’s alright, son,” Archie said, trying to understand what just happened. “I must have surprised you and you thought I was attacking you.” Henry just kept wailing and crying, “No…no…no…” Archie wrapped his arms around the boy.
“I’m a bad seed,” Henry whispered hoarsely. 
“What are you talking about?”
“That’s what they said. I was born evil. A bad seed.”
“Who said that, Henry?”
“The nuns at the orphanage.” Henry pushed away and pressed his back against the wall. “They said I was a bastard and a bad seed.”
“No, you’re a fine boy,” Archie said, reaching out to console Henry. 
“The devil’s inside of me, Captain. And sometimes I can’t control him.”
“I surprised you and you defended yourself. You didn’t realize it was me.”
“I’m stained with sin in my soul,” Henry cried. “Get ridda me, Captain.”
“Stop talking nonsense.”
“No, this is the real Henry! I’m a devil. Don’t y’understand, Captain. I’m a criminal and a thief. You’re better off without me!”
“Stop it, Henry. Stop it!!”
Henry had stopped crying but his expression turned strange. Hard and distant. He swallowed once, looked right at Archie and uttered in a frightening growl: “I’m… just…no…good.”  Then he leapt from the bed and bolted.
“Wait! Henry…” Archie shouted. But Henry was already through the door. Archie started after him, but the boy was jackrabbit quick. Archie barely caught a glimpse of him scampering down the Grand Stairway. Still, Archie gave chase until it became an impossible task. Henry had vanished. Archie stopped just outside the Turkish Baths to catch his breath. A deep sadness swept over him. He had seen how resilient Henry was, how the boy burst with enthusiasm for life. He never worried about Henry because, from all appearances, he didn’t have to worry about him; Henry was one of the strongest, most spirited people he had ever encountered. But Archie was now realizing that he hadn’t seen the wounds that cut deeply through the boy. He had been blind to what was obvious: that Henry had suffered far more in his short life than Archie could ever imagine. While Archie had witnessed the horrors of war and experienced death and loss and the cruelty of men, he had experienced them as an adult. Henry had suffered at the hands of the world from the moment he was born. His ebullient spirit, his uplifted soul, was just protection from the cruel reality that was always lurking in the shadows, ready to bring him the heartache and sorrow he had come to expect from life.
Archie walked the halls and decks of the Titanic for two more hours, searching everywhere, from the engine rooms deep in the ship’s interior to the top deck near the wheelhouse. There was no sign of Henry. Exhausted, Archie finally wandered to the ship’s bow and leaned over the railing. It was three in the morning. The Titanic was making its way up the Irish coast. The squall had long since died. Archie felt the chill air on his face. It refreshed him. He turned his gaze up into the ink black sky that glittered with a million stars. A sense of calm came over Archie that he couldn’t quite understand. Perhaps it was exhaustion; perhaps it was the tranquil blanket of the night. The moment was broken by a dog’s bark. Archie jumped and whirled to see John Astor, in his pajamas and robe, being pulled along the deck by a brown, shorthaired Airedale. “Quiet, Kitty,” Astor commanded. “Quiet! Sit!” But Kitty wasn’t in the mood to cooperate. Archie opened his palm – an invitation. Kitty wagged her tail and pushed forward to be scratched behind the ears. “She’s always agitated the first day at sea,” Astor said tightly, seeming far more distressed than his dog. Archie noticed Astor was dripping perspiration even in the cool air.
“Colonel Astor, is there something wrong?”
“Wrong?” Astor snapped. “Why would you say that?”
“I don’t know, it’s just…”
“Yes, there’s something wrong! As a matter of fact, everything is wrong.”
Archie was taken aback by Astor’s outburst. “I’m sorry to hear that,” Archie said.
“Vanderbilt didn’t board. He’s not on the ship.” 
“Are you sure?” 
Astor nodded. “His valet boarded. His luggage boarded. But George Vanderbilt?” Astor shook his head. “Not a trace.”
“Do you know what happened?”
“Morgan didn’t board either, neither did Henry Frick,” Astor said, ignoring Archie’s question. “What am I to do?”
“Do as far as what?”
“The meeting.”
“What were you going to do in the first place?”
“You know damn well what we were going to do,” Astor snarled, getting more hysterical by the moment. 
“I’m sure there’s an explanation for all of it. In any case, why don’t you just go ahead and start the ball rolling. I’m sure the gentlemen at the meeting will understand,” Archie said, trying to calm Astor.
“I’m not prepared to ‘start the ball rolling.’ That was George’s job,” Astor answered, having none of Archie’s consoling. 
“Maybe I can help…” 
“No, no one could help,” Astor moaned. “Vanderbilt reserved the reading room on A-Deck. 3 o’clock tomorrow afternoon. Who knows, maybe George and Morgan will magically arrive by aeroplane. It could land on the deck right here,” Astor sighed, resigned. “Come on, Kitty,” he said, tugging at the leash. Dog and master turned and traipsed back along the deck, away from Archie and into the night.

The next morning the Titanic sailed past Cork, Ireland and put down anchor in the Queenstown harbor. Two tenders met the ship to load mail and 130 new passengers. Because it was cold and blustery, most of the passengers remained inside. Archie watched the boarding while sipping coffee with Millet in the protected deck of the Café Parisienne. He didn’t mention anything about the previous night to Millet – not Henry’s disappearance or Astor’s troubles. They planned a bridge game for late morning. 
The Titanic left Queenstown in mid-afternoon, heading toward the open sea. 


CHAPTER 56

There were eight men around the polished wood table in the private A-deck Lounge. Eight men, different in age, background, personality and demeanor. At 67, Isador Straus was the oldest – a gentle, prudent soul, who made his fortune growing Macy’s into the largest department store in the world. George Wiedner’s money came through owning streetcar companies. He was with his son, Harry, whose interest lay more in books than the streetcar empire his father was pushing him toward. Charles Hays ran the Wabash Railroad before being hired as President of Canada’s Grand Trunk Railroad. Beside him sat his good friend John Thayer, who was vice-president of Pennsylvania Railroad. Washington Roebling III represented the Roebling family, whose company designed and built America’s great bridges, including the Brooklyn Bridge. Benjamin Guggenheim had gotten the blessing of his brothers to represent the Guggenheim family on the project. With the exception of Archie, these men were all wealthy beyond comprehension. At 3:20 p.m. on April 11, 1912, they were in a very good mood, telling jokes, drinking coffee, smoking cigars and waiting for the richest of them all. 
When John Astor finally floated in a half hour late, he took his place at the head of the table. He was followed by three waiters. One waiter went about setting champagne glasses before the men. The second waiter filled the glasses with 1907 Perrier-Jouet. The third waiter was carrying two extra ice buckets stocked with several more champagne bottles.
“Gentlemen,” Astor said right after gulping his entire glass of champagne and motioning for a refill. “I would like to thank you all for being here and joining a project that I believe will be the single greatest achievement of the 20th Century.” Archie noticed that Astor’s manner had changed. Gone was the hand-wringing fusspot of the previous evening, replaced by a man who seemed to be relaxed and confident before the group. Astor, who was always nervous and awkward, seemed as cool and calm as a backwoods pond. “Unfortunately, we’re missing several members of our group. Henry Clay Frick supposedly hurt his ankle and missed the boarding. I received a Marconigram this morning from George Vanderbilt who could not be here because his wife fell ill. And Pierpont Morgan, well, I don’t know what the hell happened to him, this is his ship after all.” Astor clapped his hands together, emptied his glass of champagne then poured himself another, his third in less than three minutes. It then struck Archie how Astor had miraculously transformed himself – he was flat-out drunk! 
“So, let me fill you all in,” Astor chirped, then wavered on his feet. His eyes rolled in his head and he tipped backwards like a leaning tower about to tumble. But then he righted himself, sniffed the air and carefully spread his feet under his body for balance. “Gentlemen,” Astor started again. “As we embark on this grand enterprise, it is my fervent wish that the success we will enjoy is equal to the good we will do for our country. Yes, this plan will make everyone around this table money. Lots of money. But, of course, it’s not just about money. We will make commerce more efficient and create a new business environment for growth and prosperity in America.”
Astor’s words were not the loose ramblings of a drunk, but rather, of a man who seemed not only coherent, but engaging. The alcohol had freed his tongue. And the more he spoke, the more riveting he became. Most of the men at the table had never seen this Astor – the awkward bumbler they knew had a comprehensive grasp of every fact and detail of The Plan. He went on to speak for 3 hours uninterrupted – except by champagne refreshers – going into specifics about construction and land purchases, costs and timetables. He explained about the flow of goods in America and exactly how the strategic centers would grow market share. He gave an exact accounting of the land that had been purchased and when construction would begin. As the men listened it became evident to all at the table that it was Astor who was the real architect and genius behind the project. Vanderbilt may have been the driving force to put the team of builders and businessmen together – the salesman – but it was obviously Astor, with all his quirks and dreadful social skills, who was the visionary. When he finally finished talking, everyone around the table stood up and broke into applause. 
Archie sat stunned. For the first time he realized the full scope of what was taking shape. It was brilliant – and absolutely illegal – a monopoly that would have these businessmen regulate the ebb and flow of goods and capital. These men would have the capacity to determine which regions in America would prosper and which ones would struggle. By controlling commerce, they would have the power to decide which companies would succeed and which ones fail. Ultimately, this group could, if they desired, control the purse strings of America. 
A loud pop shook Archie’s attention back to the meeting room. He looked up to see Astor uncorking another champagne bottle and walking around the table, filling each man’s glass himself. When he finished, all lifted their glasses for a toast. “To success,” Astor simply said. The businessmen at the table enthusiastically joined in: “To success!”

Archie walked back to his stateroom now understanding why the President sent him on this mission. He even began to reevaluate Finch and his motives. Perhaps the little man did have a genuine insight into illegal activities. And perhaps he was sincere about rooting out those who would assault the financial foundation of America. Whatever it was, Archie realized this mission was far more important than he imagined. 
Reaching his stateroom, he unlocked the door and stepped in. It felt empty without Henry. The boy’s on the ship, he’ll turn up. Archie started toward the sink to wash when he noticed a small note on the floor. It was a card that was slipped under the door. Its letterhead read: The Marconi International Marine Communication Company. A handwritten message said a Marconigram awaited Archie at the Inquiry Office on C-Deck. 

* * *

Cargo Hold 3 was dark and icy, a perfect place to disappear. And that was Henry’s plan, to disappear. He was curled into a ball, burrowed under a mountain of wood crates, his coat bunched over his shoulders in a vain attempt to stave off the cold. He shared the room with a jumble of crates, packages and boxes, all of which were being shipped across the ocean. No one bothered Henry there; he was an island unto himself, self-sufficient as he had always been. The solitude, the isolation, even the cold, was comfortingly familiar. Who did he take himself to be, foolishly trying to play rich? That was not his world; it was as foreign to him as the moon. To kill the hours in the freezing cargo room, he imagined his homecoming. Spring was approaching. He’d return to his old, carefree life: swiping food when he was hungry, jumping in the Hudson River when he needed a wash, sleeping under the stars when he was tired. Henry needed nothing and no one. When he dropped into a chilled sleep, he dreamed of New York, of towering buildings and street corner frankfurters, clanking streetcars and honking automobiles. And he dreamed of New Yorkers – scurrying, pushing, cursing, laughing, and scraping to survive. In those cold, lonely hours in the Titanic’s chilly cargo hold, he dreamed of home.


CHAPTER 57

Archie had to wait until 8 the next morning for the Inquiry Office to open. The small office was where passengers went to settle any White Star accounts, including the sending or receiving of telegrams. Archie stepped out of the cold morning and presented the card to a young clerk behind the counter. The clerk nudged the glasses on the bridge of his nose then turned to a bank of neatly organized compartments and retrieved a yellow Marconigram. He handed it to Archie, who read the typed message: “MORGAN NOT BOARDING TITANIC. WAS DELIVERY MADE? YOUR COBRA.” 
“That is 12 shillings, sixpence, sir,” the clerk said. “Shall I put that on your bill?”
“Yes, please. And could you see that any other messages are brought directly to my room,” Archie said, then was struck by something on the Marconigram’s upper right hand corner. “Excuse me, but this message is stamped April 10. Today is the 12th. Why wasn’t it delivered to me before?” 
 “Yes, sir, and we do apologize. It was relayed from Southampton where the transmission was initially received. That’s the reason for the delay.”
“Why wasn’t this given to me there? When I was boarding?”
“It should have been, sir. It must have gotten misplaced in the tumult of the day. We would gladly offer to send a Marconigram for you with our company’s compliments as a way of making amends for this late delivery.”
“Thank you, but…” Archie shook his head, then stopped. “Actually, I believe I will take you up on that, young man.”
“Very good, sir,” the clerk said and pushed a form across the counter. “Fill this out with your message and where you would like it delivered and I will make sure it is sent via our wireless post haste.”
The address Archie wrote on the form was simple: Morgan Library, New York City. The addressee: Belle da Costa Greene. Archie tapped the pencil, trying to think of the right response. He finally began writing: In Mid-Atlantic. Unable to make delivery to Morgan. Arrive in NY on 17th. See you dockside? Your Fakir.

* * *

J. P. Morgan had left Rome on April 6 to travel to Southampton and board the Titanic for her maiden voyage. The three finest suites on the ship were reserved for him. Somewhere in France, Morgan’s private railroad car took a detour. He wired Belle that he had a sudden interest in a set of medieval tapestries that depicted scenes from the Third Crusades. He wrote that he needed to determine if he should purchase them. So he canceled his trip on the Titanic’s maiden voyage, a trip he been promising to take for over a year, and traveled to Paris instead.

George Vanderbilt had departed Rome under the cover of darkness on March 31. He took an overnight train through France then sped to England, where he boarded a ship back to America. He arrived safely at New York Harbor on April 10.

At the Morgan Library, Belle da Costa Greene was sitting for a photo portrait when a messenger arrived with the Marconigram from Archie. She stopped the shoot to read Archie’s reply then asked the messenger to wait so that she might compose a message to send back to him. She scribbled it quickly then gave the boy a dollar tip and requested that he personally see that her message was sent as soon as possible.

* * *

Belle’s reply to Archie reached the Titanic’s Wireless Room the next morning. The message of dots and dashes was decoded by Harold Bride, a 22 year old Londoner who was the junior wireless operator on the voyage. The communiqué was only one of hundreds he was receiving daily. He quickly scribbled the message on a standard tablet-sized Marconigram form and put it in the “out” stack, to be typed then sent through a pneumatic tube to the Inquiry Office. By mid-morning the Marconigram was slipped under Archie’s stateroom door, waiting on the floor when Archie returned from breakfast. He eagerly tore the envelope open, guessing it was Belle’s reply. It wasn’t the kind of message he was expecting. It was short and to the point with none of the playfulness of their previous exchanges. “OPEN MORGAN’S BOX NOW!” the message read, followed by an enigmatic coda: “GOD BLESS YOU ARCHIE. BELLE.”
Why would she wish God to bless me? It wasn’t exactly the kind of sentiment that usually came from Belle. Despite his puzzlement, he went directly to his steamer trunk and snapped open the latches. The bronze box was near the top, right where he had left it. He lifted it out. His eye caught Belle’s command again: “OPEN MORGAN’S BOX NOW!”  Its urgency hit him. He went back to his steamer trunk and sifted through its soft cloth contents until his fingers struck cold metal. Like a fisherman reeling in his catch, Archie brought up the gun he had packed. His first thought was to shoot the lock off, obliterate it and find out what the box contained. But he reasoned that shooting a gun on the ship might not be the wisest thing to do. He brought the box to the end of the table then tilted it forward, so the small gold lock dangled over the table’s edge. Whack! He struck the gun handle into the lock’s weakest spot, its golden center. Snap. The antique lock split open. Archie flipped the box’s lid and the unknown treasure revealed itself: cigars – a single row of tightly packed Havanas with red personalized bands around the center of each cigar that proclaimed in gold letters: ‘J.P.M.’ “That’s it? Morgan’s cigars?!” Archie muttered aloud, picking out a cigar from the stack. It was a thing of beauty, long and tightly rolled in a single black tobacco leaf. Still, the insistence of Belle’s message hardly warranted the discovery of cigars. Then Archie noticed that, with one of the cigars removed, the tight stack had loosened. And there was something underneath. He quickly lifted out the other cigars. At first glance, what was revealed was no more startling than the cigars. It was a stack of bound papers, a report of some sort. Archie took the papers from the box. The top sheet was imprinted with an International Mercantile Marine letterhead and stamped “Confidential.” Underneath the stamp was a typed title: “A Nationwide Commerce Network – Study and Analysis.” Archie flipped the top sheet and began skimming the pages. He quickly realized the report was an analysis of The Plan. He assumed it was done for Morgan, probably by a team of his advisors. The writing was thick and obtuse; it reminded him of bills sent to the President by Congress. It was full of drawings and charts, numerical calculations and technical information. The thick report detailed every problem that would be faced and every challenge that needed to be surmounted. It did it in a cold, analytical way that, while hardly inspiring, was impressive in its comprehensiveness. 
After reading for several hours, Archie’s eyes started glazing over and he was having a hard time making his way through the jungle of technical analysis. He was ready to put the report down when a seemingly innocuous sentence caught his eye: “The political benefits will be as consequential as the economic advantages.” What an odd statement. Archie understood The Plan would greatly enrich the businessmen involved and give them an unparalleled monopoly over commerce. But the more he read, the more he understood that what was being put foreword in the report was far-reaching in its scope and ambition. The writers of the report proposed that with the economic advantage, The Plan would provide the opportunity to have significant control over America’s policies and politics. “Such influence,” the report said, “would be all-encompassing, from the crafting of legislation to the selection of preferred legislators and nationwide office holders.” With such a radical proposal came a caution against overt political interference. “Any influence must be exerted in a measured and outwardly responsible way, lest the populace feel a circumnavigation of America’s laws by the business class.”
Archie was beginning to understand why Belle wanted him to see this report. What was being put forward was far more than a business proposition; it was the strategy for a power grab, designed in an extraordinarily shrewd way. Archie noticed that his hands were trembling. He was holding the blueprint of a coup – a brilliant, stealth takeover of America by its most powerful tycoons.

* * *

Sleep did not come easily for Henry. The electric lights burned day and night in the cargo hold, creating a surreal atmosphere that suspended time and space. Added to that was the continual churn of the Titanic’s massive engines that caused the room’s floorboards to buzz with a constant, noisy vibration. And then there was the cold, which was growing increasingly unbearable as the ship moved north through the Atlantic. Henry had picked the locks of several crates in search of a shelter. The first crate he opened contained bottles of champagne; the second was filled with golf clubs and tennis rackets. Finally, he opened a large steamer trunk that was stuffed with oversized shirts and trousers. He grabbed a bundle and carried them to a far corner of the room where he found a tight space tucked between two stacks of crates. He began assembling a makeshift lair. It took two more trips before he had enough shirts and trousers to construct a crude nest he could burrow into. 
With some relief from the cold, Henry was able to drift off into a twilight sleep that was filled with half-dreams. The constant roar of the Titanic’s engines sent his mind into a railroad car, part of a long train that was heading toward a cliff. The chill had him shivering in a busy New York street in the middle of a snowstorm. And when he heard footsteps in the room, he dreamed of horses clopping over cobblestones. But then, in his semi-conscious state, he realized the footsteps were real and that someone was in the hold with him. His eyes slit open and he peered out from his hideaway. There was a man, a large man lugging a heavy canvas rucksack across the cargo hold then setting it near the metal hull. The man leaned over the bag and opened it. Henry tried to catch a glimpse of what was in the bag. What he saw was the face of the man himself – a hard, angular face that was bracketed by jutting ears. Henry recognized the man immediately; he had spent time with him in a New York City jail cell – interrogated by him, beaten by him and, ultimately, manipulated and betrayed by him. He was the man who had Henry sign the confession that sent him to Sing Sing. Henry hated him as much as his young soul could hate. 

CHAPTER 58

Sunday, April 14, began with church hymns reverberating through the decks of the Titanic. It was a cold, crisp spring morning in the North Atlantic. Captain Edward Smith led the prayers for the first class passengers in the Dining Saloon. The ship’s orchestra played the hymns. Archie sat near the back of the makeshift sanctuary with Frank Millet, who was nursing a hangover, having had too many Saturday night gin and tonics. The Titanic was two-thirds through its voyage, passing 300 miles southeast of Newfoundland.
After the service the two friends lunched at the Café Parisienne. They mostly talked about Taft’s chances in the November election. Archie left early to make his daily meeting in the A-Deck Lounge. That afternoon a timeline for The Plan was created. The men projected that the first commerce center could realistically be completed within 18 months. They set a goal of building ten within three years, twenty within four. They broke at 4:30, agreeing to push the evening session back an hour, to 9:30, because George Widener and his wife had invited several in the group, including their son Harry, John Thayer and Archie, to join them for a dinner honoring Captain Smith on his retirement. Because of the late hour, the group decided that the evening meeting would be in the First-Class smoking room and the session would be kept short.
The air was chilly and brisk when the men stepped out of the sitting room. Most of them ambled back to their rooms for an afternoon nap. Archie was itching for fresh air and began strolling the promenade. It was already late afternoon. The sun was descending toward the horizon. When Archie leaned over the side rail he was hit with a blast of crystalline sea air that refreshed him. 
“Captain?” Archie thought he heard a small voice behind him. “Captain?” the voice floated by again. Archie turned and there was Henry, looking pitiful – unwashed, shoulders slumped, eyes cast down.
“Who are you?” Archie said, acting distant, as if he didn’t know the boy.
Henry was confused. “It’s me, Captain. Henry! Don’t you recognize me?”
“Henry who?” Archie said, trying to keep up the game but Henry saw through it. The boy ran forward and embraced Archie tightly around the waist. “I’m sorry,” Henry kept repeating, not letting go of Archie. “I’m so sorry…” 
“It’s okay, Henry,” Archie said, trying to comfort the despairing boy.
“I jus’ couldn’t stay. I was afraid, what I did to you…”
“Ssshh. We don’t need to talk about this now. Are you hungry? You look like you could use a good meal.”
“Nah, I’m fine. I went lookin’ for you ‘cause I seen something that you should know about.”
Archie saw how distressed Henry was. “Then talk, Henry, what’s upsetting you?”
“You need to see it yerself,” Henry said, then took Archie’s hand and tugged him away from the rail.

They descended down a twisting stairwell, flight by flight, past the 2nd and 3rd class decks, then deep into the depths of the ship. Henry led Archie through a series of cavernous rooms that seemed to be an embodiment of hell, with massive, fire belching boilers hungrily devouring coal that was shoveled into their inferno mouths by half naked men dripping black tar sweat. They finally emerged into a small chamber that was as frigid as the boiler rooms were scorching. The room was crowded with cargo and freight. “This is my stateroom, Captain,” Henry said, not without a little pride. 
“It’s freezing here, Henry. How did you manage to sleep?”
“Who slept?” Henry said, and then pulled Archie over to the large canvas bag that was placed near the hull. “This is what I wanted you to see.” Henry kept jabbing his finger at the bag until Archie knelt down beside it. It was an army-style rucksack, secured by a row of brass buttons then double fastened by a looping belt. Archie undid the belt and nimbly worked the buttons free. “Be careful,” Henry said as Archie spread open the bag. 
“My god…” Archie whispered, stunned by what was before him: the large bag was filled with what looked like seven or eight bundles of bright red, cylindrical sticks bound together by a network of fuses. 
“It’s dynamite, ain’t it, Captain?”
“Sure looks like it. Take a step back, Henry. Who knows what could set this off?” Archie peered into the rucksack again, trying to make sense of the mass of explosives placed so near the hull. He noticed the fuses snaking to a single spot, then saw, buried under the bright dynamite sticks, blasting caps and a detonator.
“What do you think he wants to do with it?” Henry asked. 
“Who?”
“Him. The guy who put it there?”
“You saw a man bring this in?”
 “Yeah. It was him, Captain.”
“Who?” Archie asked again, puzzled.
“The son of a bitch who grilled me about Mick’s murder and got me to sign that confession. Huge. Big ears.” Then Henry repeated, “Son of a bitch.”
Archie felt a tightening in his stomach. The danger that was lurking ever since his first premonition had finally found him. Fate’s specter had arrived. “Okay, here’s what we’re going to do,” Archie said, talking like an Army commander. “I want you to go right to my stateroom and wait there until I come back. Do you still have the key?”
“Yeah.”
 Archie pulled out his pocket watch. It was already six o’clock. “I have a dinner engagement at 7:30 in the ship’s restaurant. It should be over by 9:30. Do not go anywhere other than the stateroom. Do you understand, Henry?”
Henry nodded, then looked back down at the bag of dynamite. “What are we gonna do with it, Captain?”
“Do what I tell you. I’ll take care of the bag.”

The clerk at the Inquiry Office was not surprised when Archie stepped in. He had become familiar, always dropping by to check for a message or send one to Belle. “I’m sorry Major, nothing arrived today. Did you want to send a message?” 
“No. Today I need information. About another passenger.”
The clerk’s brow furrowed. “Passenger information is privileged, Major.”
“Of course,” Archie said genially. “He’s a friend.”
The clerk hesitated for a moment. “I really can’t give out any information. That’s policy.”
“I just want to know his cabin number so I might visit him. His name is Wheeler. Edwin Wheeler. Oh, it’s okay, he’ll really get a surprise out of it. Wheeler. Edwin Wheeler. It would really mean a lot to me.” Archie reached into his trouser pocket and produced a five-dollar bill, which he slid across the counter to the clerk.
“There’s no need for that, sir,” the clerk said carefully. “If you only want his cabin number…” 
“That’s all I want. It would be such a surprise for Edwin when he sees me.”
The clerk went below the counter and pulled out the ship’s manifest. “Wheeler, you say?” 
“Yes,” Archie answered, and watched the clerk work through the pages of the large notebook, searching for the name. “There doesn’t appear to be a Wheeler listed,” the clerk finally said.
Archie was disappointed, but not overly surprised. Then the clerk yelped as if striking gold. “Yes! Wheeler! Edwin Wheeler. Here he is. He boarded late.”
“So he’s on the ship?” 
“Yes,” the clerk said, reading from the manifest. “Second class ticket in the servants quarters. Cabin C-81.”
“Servants quarters? He’s working on the ship?” 
“Oh no. He’s listed as Mr. George Vanderbilt’s manservant.”
“But Vanderbilt didn’t even board!”
“Well, it appears his valet did,” the clerk said, examining the manifest closely. “With all of Mr. Vanderbilt’s luggage.”


CHAPTER 59

J. Bruce Ismay sat alone on his private veranda tightly twisting the waxed tips of his mustache. A pink ribbon of light, the afterglow sunset, stretched over the ocean’s long horizon. Gazing out over the still water gave Ismay a sense of peace, something he rarely enjoyed on maiden voyages. His whole life had been dedicated to the business of ships. His father bought the bankrupt White Star Line in 1868 and turned it into one of the premier shipping companies in the United Kingdom. Bruce Ismay took over the company when his father died in 1899. Ever ambitious, Ismay tied his fate to J. Pierpont Morgan in 1901 when he allowed the White Star Line to become part of Morgan’s shipping conglomerate, the International Mercantile Marine Company. With Morgan’s backing, Ismay attained managing control of IMM in 1904. 
 “Excuse me, sir,” Ismay’s butler said, ending Ismay’s daydream. “You have a passenger who says it’s urgent that he speak with you.”
“I told you, Richard, I’m not available for the next hour,” Ismay answered with an accent that carried a hint of his native Liverpool.
“Yes, sir, but this is Major Butt. Taft’s Military Aide. And he is rather insistent.”
Ismay heaved a big sigh. “Show him into the parlor,” he said, resigned. “I’ll be there in a minute.”

It was stiflingly warm in Ismay’s parlor. A fire was roaring in the suite’s fireplace. Archie was wearing a bulky wool overcoat to protect him from the cold of the North Atlantic and he was beginning to perspire. Perfect for flowers, Archie thought, noticing the number of bouquets spread about the room: bunches of roses, golden pillars of daffodils, forests of white irises. Spring had not yet arrived in England, but Ismay’s opulent suite was a blossom-filled hothouse. “Welcome Major Butt,” Ismay said, walking briskly into the parlor. “It’s a pleasure to finally meet you.” 
“Thank you for taking this time, Mr. Ismay,” Archie said, shaking Ismay’s extended hand. “I know you have many duties to juggle on a voyage like this.”
“One of the more pleasant ones is to meet distinguished passengers as yourself, Major,” Ismay said, putting on a well-practiced charm. “And how has your trip been so far?” 
“To be honest, it’s turned into quite the adventure, sir. Quite the adventure.” 
“I’m not sure ‘adventure’ is how we’re promoting a cruise on the Titanic,” Ismay smiled. “More like a luxurious, once-in-a-lifetime experience. But if you’re finding adventure, then I hope you’re enjoying it.”
“Actually, it’s become rather troubling.”
“Oh?” Ismay appeared to be genuinely concerned. “I hope it’s not too disagreeable?”
“If you call finding a luggage bag filled with enough dynamite to blow this ship to kingdom come ‘too disagreeable,’ then yes, something ‘too disagreeable’ has happened.”
Ismay fixed his eyes on Archie’s face. Gone was his vibrant social front, replaced by an alarmed expression. “You say you discovered explosives on the ship?”
“In a cargo hold on the starboard side. I believe there is a man aboard who would bring this ship down.”
“This is very serious, Major. Do you know this man?”
“I believe I do. And it’s imperative he be apprehended.”
“Yes,” Ismay murmured gravely. “And you have a description?”
“Large,” Archie said, raising his arms above his head. “With big ears that stick out and a distinctive scar on his face.” Archie traced a crescent line from his ear to jawbone on his own face. 
“I can’t say I’ve seen him,” Ismay said. “Of course, there are over 2200 people onboard. I couldn’t possibly have crossed paths with everyone.”
“He’s in the manifest as Mr. Vanderbilt’s manservant.”
“But Mr. Vanderbilt is not on the ship.” 
“No, he isn’t. I believe the man is here under false pretenses. He’s very dangerous. He’s in the 2nd class servant’s quarters. His name is Edwin Wheeler.”
“Yes, yes…” Ismay nodded earnestly. “I’ll be sure to look into it. But more importantly, what cargo hold is this dynamite luggage bag in? I will send some crew members to inspect it.”
“Mr. Ismay, I deemed the explosives an immediate threat to the safety of this ship and everyone on it. As such, I took it as my duty to eliminate that danger.”
“And how did you ‘do your duty?’” Ismay inquired, sounding slightly miffed.
“I threw it overboard.”
“With all due respect, Major, that was not your job to do. I would have preferred you inform us so we could have determined that it was indeed explosives and that we could have disposed of it properly.”
“I know dynamite when I see it, Mr. Ismay. And trust me, it was disposed of properly. It can’t be any threat on the bottom of the ocean.”
“I understand your concern, but let me assure you that even if there was an accidental explosion in one of the cargo holds, it would hardly put us in danger. This ship was built with watertight compartments. In the remote chance a catastrophic mishap would occur, the compartments would be immediately closed, secured and isolated. You need not worry about the safety of this ship, Major.”
“I know that, Mr. Ismay. And that’s why it’s so curious.”
“Major, we’ll look into this, I promise. Be assured that the White Star Line puts passenger safety as its highest priority. We only have two days left on the high seas. Let us take care of any problems. You enjoy the crossing, as it should be.”
“Quite honestly,” Archie said, “nothing is as it should be. And that is what concerns me.”

* * *

Henry sat on a bench near the entrance to the Turkish Baths. It was warm there, a contrast to the plummeting temperatures outside. He had not gone directly to the stateroom as Archie had ordered, not wanting to lock himself away in a claustrophobic room for a couple of hours. He had lingered on that bench before, watching the parade of flushed faced people emerge. It gave Henry a sense of indulgence, even if it was vicarious. He sat there for over a half hour, luxuriating in the humid air until the ornate Oriental door swung open and out strolled Wheeler. Henry quickly turned away. Wheeler didn’t see him; he just ambled down the corridor and waited for the elevator. The hulking man appeared preoccupied, continually checking the time on his pocketwatch until the elevator door opened. “Up,” Henry heard him say. When the door closed, Henry raced down the corridor to watch the elevator’s floor needle creep up. It stopped on the Boat Deck, the top of the ship. Henry ran into the stairwell and began bounding up the stairs.
Night had already fallen when Henry emerged up top. The Boat Deck was empty, ghostly so. The freezing chill of the evening had sent all the passengers inside. The sky was deep black and glimmered with more stars than Henry had ever seen in his life. There was no breeze and the ocean was flat, without even a ripple. The only sound was the low rumble of the giant smokestacks that towered from the center of the deck and loomed high overhead. Henry began strolling the wide deck, moving toward the front of the boat, keeping a sharp eye out for Wheeler, though there was no sign of any life around. He passed alongside a single row of lifeboats and watched his frosty breath move through the air. It became apparent to Henry that no one was on the deck and he was getting cold. But then he heard voices. Two men emerged from the ship’s wheelhouse in an intense conversation. One was Wheeler, who towered over the other man, a dapper gentleman in a pinstriped suit and vest. The dapper man looked familiar to Henry. Archie had pointed him out when they boarded the ship. He was someone important. Henry stared at the man’s features – brown wavy hair, a precise mustache that ended with a slight curl at its waxed tips – and tried to recall just who he was.
Stepping behind a winch, Henry watched the two men amble around a lifeboat to the railing, where they were out of sight. He tried to make out what they were saying, but could hear only clumps of words and phrases. He needed to move closer, so he lowered himself onto the moist wood planks of the deck and slid under the lifeboat’s hull. The men were leaning over the railing, still speaking in hushed tones. Henry maneuvered around the metal bolts and ropes that held the boat in place, trying to move even closer, when the cuff of his pants snagged on a bolt. He tugged at his pant leg only to knock his head against the hull, causing it to rock ever so slightly. Both men at the rail turned. Henry pushed himself back under the lifeboat as far as he could. 
“Did you hear something?” one of the men said. Then there was silence. Henry held his breath, hoping they would ignore the incidental interruption. Just when he thought he might be safe, Wheeler’s giant hand reached under the lifeboat and grabbed him by the scruff of his collar. “A little guttersnipe,” the dapper man said with a crisp English accent, seeing Henry being tugged out.
“Not a snipe, a snake,” Wheeler growled.
“You know him?” 
“Yes, we’ve made an acquaintance.”
“What’s he doing here?”
“Stowaway, I suspect.” Wheeler jerked Henry around. “Do you have a ticket, boy?” Henry said nothing. Wheeler squeezed the back of Henry’s neck with his rough hand. “He was never much for talking.” 
“We’ll have to lock him up so he can’t get into any trouble. I’ll give you the keys. I need not be seen with him,” the dapper man said.
“Why not, Mr. Ismay?” Henry blurted, remembering the name Archie called the dapper man. 
“Get him out of here,” Ismay said sharply. 

* * *

Archie wasn’t surprised when he opened his stateroom door and found the room dark and empty. He was more disappointed. He wondered why the boy went to the trouble of finding him that afternoon only disappear again without a word. But he didn’t have time to ponder Henry’s absence. He had a dinner to attend. Archie quickly stripped to his underwear then, as he was putting on the pants of his tuxedo, he glimpsed at the mirror. He didn’t recognize the man staring back at him. That man looked tired and worn, with a worried countenance and troubled eyes. “That can’t be Archie Butt,” Archie said aloud to his reflection. Then quieter: “That can’t be me.” 


CHAPTER 60

“When anyone asks me how I can best describe my experience in nearly forty years at sea, I merely say, uneventful.” Captain Edward John Smith was speaking to the eight guests around George Weidner’s table. He sounded pensive. “Of course there have been winter gales, and storms and fog and the like. But in all my experience, I have never been in any accident. I have seen but one vessel in distress in all my years at sea. I never saw a wreck and never have been wrecked nor was I ever in any predicament that threatened to end in disaster of any sort.”   
This was the last grand cruise for Smith who, at age 62, was considered the most esteemed Captain sailing the seas. Elegant, confident, and handsome, with a neatly trimmed white beard and mustache, he was the epitome of what a naval captain should be – always calm, always commanding and always at the center of attention. He was so well known and adored among the first class passengers that they all referred to him as E.J. A dinner with E.J. would have the Captain, who was always dressed in his gleaming white commodore’s uniform, regale his audience with tales of his long years on the sea. Along with the Weidners, at the table was their son Harry, John Thayer and his wife Marian, socialites William and Lucile Carter, and Archie. 
Smith held forth with a well-practiced monologue about the ship. “At 883 feet, the Titanic is 100 feet longer than any other ship on the oceans with the exception of her twin sister, the Olympic. The ship has three engines, which combined, can send over fifty-five thousand horsepower to our three giant propellers, giving us a maximum speed of twenty-three to twenty-four knots.”
The women told the Captain how impressed they were by the ship’s luxury. Smith was less interested in expounding about the carved wood interiors of the sitting rooms than he was with the technological wonders of the Titanic. Archie desperately wanted to tell Smith about the dynamite and was looking for a moment, a private moment, when he might take him aside. But before he had a chance, Bruce Ismay strode into the restaurant and came up to the Wiedner’s table. After polite, perfunctory greetings to everyone, Ismay leaned into Captain Smith and whispered something. “You’ll have to excuse me for a moment,” Smith said to his dining companions. “Mr. Ismay wishes a word with me.” The two men moved to a far corner of the room. Whatever Ismay was saying to Smith, it wasn’t sitting well with the Captain, who kept vigorously shaking his head. After the short conversation Smith returned to the table and Ismay quickly left the restaurant. 
“Are you alright, E.J.?” George Thayer asked.
“Fine,” Smith replied in a soft voice. “It’s all fine.” 
Archie leaned to the Captain and asked, “Did something Mr. Ismay say disturb you?” 
“No, not really, Major. He’s a businessman and all businessmen want to make a big splash. He wants me to increase our speed so that we might make New York by the evening of the 16th rather than cruising in on Wednesday.”
“Is there a problem with that?” Thayer asked.
“We’ll have to turn up the fire in the furnaces and there’s really no need to. Other than that, no problem. It’s fine.”
“What about the ice field?” Marian Thayer asked.
“What ice field?” Smith quickly replied.
“As Mrs. Ryerson and I were walking the promenade this afternoon, Mr. Ismay showed us an ice warning that came from another ship.”
“Ah, yes,” the Captain acknowledged, then absently took a cigar from his front pocket and lit it. “No need to worry. We’re taking a southern route. Chances are we won’t even see ice.” He drew on his cigar, letting the smoke linger in his mouth before allowing it to leak out and envelop his head in a wispy blue cloud. Everyone around the table grew quiet. “Well…” Captain Smith said, snuffing out his cigar after only one puff, “I must get to the bridge before I retire for the evening. Thank you all for a wonderful dinner.” Smith saluted and got up to leave. Archie rose from his chair and started after the Captain. “Sir,” Archie called out before Smith left the dining room. “Can I have a word with you?”
“Of course, Major,” the Captain said, inviting Archie to speak.
“You looked agitated when you were speaking with Mr. Ismay. You said it was about increasing the ship’s speed…”
“There’s no need to worry, Major Butt,” Smith said, cutting Archie off. “An increase of two knots is a routine matter for this ship. We’ll just turn up the fire and it will be fine.”
“I must tell you something,” Archie said. “This ship could be in danger. I found a cache of explosives…”
Smith interrupted Archie again, this time somewhat impatiently. “Major, this vessel is the safest ship I have ever been at the helm of. It could be cut in half and each half would remain afloat almost indefinitely. I venture to add that even if the engines and boilers of this vessel were to fall through its bottom, this ship would remain afloat. No need to worry about the Titanic.” 
“But…” 
“I’m sorry, but I really must get to the bridge. Why don’t you enjoy a brandy with the other gentlemen and I’d be happy to resume our conversation tomorrow morning.” Smith quickly turned away before Archie could say another word. Archie walked back to the table thinking that perhaps Captain Smith was right. The Titanic is unsinkable, everyone knows that. 
“What was that about, Archie?” George Widener asked.
“I just had a question for the Captain.”
“And did he answer it?” Harry Widener asked.
“I suppose he did,” Archie said. “Yes, I suppose so.”

* * *

On that Sunday evening in Oyster Bay, New York, Theodore Roosevelt was packing, preparing to leave for a campaign swing through Nebraska, Kansas, Arkansas and North Carolina. He was feeling bully once again. The Republican Party was holding state Presidential primaries for the first time in its history and Roosevelt was trouncing Taft. He was the Roosevelt of old – the tough talking Rough Rider who took no prisoners, gleefully savaging his old friend Taft with venomous barbs. It got to the point where Taft’s campaign manager complained that Roosevelt was conducting a “nationwide campaign of willful and malicious misrepresentation and assault against the President of the United States. Such a campaign, amounted, in fact, to a conspiracy, not only to humiliate the President personally but to commit the Republican Party to rank Socialism.”  
That same Sunday evening in Washington D.C., William Howard Taft was looking for a diversion from the political battles he was fighting. So he traveled to Poll’s Theatre to take in a comedy called “Nobody’s Widow.” One reviewer called the play “one of the silliest conglomerations of twaddle and indelicacy with which the trash-ridden Stage of America has been encumbered.” Taft found the play delightful and laughed his way through the entire performance.  
Both men – Taft and Roosevelt – went to bed contented. One was relieved by a diversion; the other was chomping at the bit for the thrill of a campaign battle. Neither had an inkling of the drama that was about to unfold in the North Atlantic and how it would affect them both.

In New York City, Belle da Costa Greene was dining at Delmonico’s that Sunday evening with Katrina Ely Tiffany, the wife of the jeweler Charles Tiffany. Katrina was trying to convince Belle to join the suffragette movement. “Why don’t you come to one of our meetings? You’ll see we’re not wild-eyed, misguided, high-strung, emotionally overwrought women that the other side portrays us to be.” 
Belle agreed to go to a meeting of the Woman Suffrage Party the following week. She went home tired and ready for a good night’s sleep. Before turning out her bedside light, she checked her engagement book for the upcoming week’s appointment. Wednesday afternoon was circled. “White Star Pier 59. Titanic.”
 
J. Pierpont Morgan left Paris by train late Saturday evening, heading southeast. On Sunday morning, April 14, he arrived in Aix-les-Bains, a small mountain town in the French Alps, renowned for its mineral baths and treatments. He checked into the town’s Grand Hotel, having reserved its entire upper floor, and spent the evening playing bridge with his sister at a franc a hundred points. Tired from the day’s travel, he retired to bed early. 


CHAPTER 61

“Owww!!” screamed Henry. Wheeler twisted Henry’s thin legs together then tied a coarse rope around his ankles. “You’re hurtin,’ me.” 
“Shut up,” Wheeler snapped, grabbing Henry’s arms and yanking them behind his back. Henry yowled again. Wheeler sent a sharp elbow into the boy’s ribs, taking cruel glee in the boy’s agony. He secured Henry’s wrists and then pulled the knot tighter so the rope scrapped off bits of Henry’s skin. 
“Dammit,” Henry swore. “Ain’t no reason to…” Wheeler pushed a gag into the boy’s mouth to quiet him and then tied it tightly with a sash. He threw Henry to the hard floor of the cargo hold, the same isolated room Henry had earlier sought refuge in. “This is what happens to boys when they snoop around like little rats,” Wheeler snarled, and then slapped Henry across the face with his oversized hand. Henry wailed through his gag and jerked forward, smashing his skull into Wheeler’s forehead, splitting the skin. Blood gushed and streamed into Wheeler’s eyes, momentarily blinding him. Henry slid along the floor and crawled for a narrow gap between two crates, trying to escape. He sucked in his breath then pushed his tiny body through the tight opening. Wriggling his head through the crack, Henry was able to undulate his body like a snake, using the tight pressure of the crates’ sidings to propel him along. He was serpent quick, disappearing into the dark slit, wedged into seeming safety, when Wheeler’s giant hand snatched his ankle and yanked hard, whipsawing Henry back, scraping his body and face along the rough wood. Hauling the boy out, Wheeler snapped Henry’s foot, twisting it with such ferocity that the small bones of his ankle shattered like crushed glass. Henry howled. Wheeler closed his fist and swung as hard as he could, striking Henry square in the temple. A little groan emerged from Henry before he went limp.

* * *

All the men cheered when Astor opened the bottle of Courvoisier. The night’s meeting in the First Class Lounge was more a celebration than it was serious business. Most of the arduous planning had already been done, the framework for The Plan was in place. With brandy snifters in hand, each man went over what they saw as their individual responsibilities within The Plan, then spoke of the specific actions they would be taking to achieve their goals. Archie reiterated that he would be a bridge to the government and would need the group’s cooperation in order to shepherd the project through the various political minefields. But as the words left his mouth, he felt like a traitor. How would these men, who were nodding at him so approvingly, feel if they knew that his real purpose was to spy on them? What would they think if they realized he was a mole who would ultimately destroy The Plan, not help usher it into existence? It disturbed Archie deeply, particularly because he liked these men. He felt a kinship with them. They were patriots, in their fashion. They believed what they were doing was best for the country.
After Archie talked, Astor rose to his feet. Even though alcohol usually loosened his tongue, words did not come easily at first. “Gentlemen,” Astor said, raising his glass for a toast. “Tonight my head is filled with gratitude to all of you and with what we are about to embark upon. We, here, together on this great ship, are the vanguards of civilization. It is men like us – men with vision and the courage of our convictions, who will continue to bring greatness to the United States of America.” Then Astor added wistfully, “If only George and Morgan were here.”  It was obvious that in Astor’s proud moment of triumph, he wanted his partners to see the success he was responsible for. 
Yes, they should be here, Archie thought. Why weren’t they? And then it hit him – an insight that was so stunning, so inconceivable, and yet so obvious. The men before him were celebrating what they thought was a significant business opportunity. But, as the confidential report laid out, The Plan had the potential to be much more. And who but Morgan, the shrewdest and most powerful of them all, would want the even greater power that came with The Plan’s success? But he would have to wrest control from the others. There was only one way. It was too horrible to contemplate, yet there was no other explanation. Wheeler, the dynamite – it made absolute sense. Morgan and Vanderbilt were not on the Titanic because they were indisposed; they were absent because, in the most Machiavellian way, they had allied to hijack The Plan for themselves alone, the riches and power it brought not to be shared with anyone else. 
“God bless our country, America,” Astor declared. “And God bless us, the architects of the future!” The men liked the ring of the phrase and enthusiastically repeated: “The architects of the future!” They swallowed their cognac in triumphant gulps and began congratulating themselves, shaking hands and joyfully slapping each other on the back. Archie waited a moment before slipping out of the lounge, unnoticed.

* * *

“It’s getting cold,” Captain Smith said to his Second Officer, Charles Lightoller. They were standing on the bridge, looking out over an eerily calm ocean.
“Yes it is, sir,” Lightoller answered. “The temperature is dropping quickly.”
“We need to make sure our fresh water supply does not freeze.” 
“I will take care of that, Captain.”
“What do you think about icebergs?” Smith asked, remembering that Mrs. Thayer brought it up at the dinner.
“We are well south of the ice region. There shouldn’t be any problem. Full throttle, Captain?”
“That’s what Ismay wants, yes,” Smith said, still a little perturbed. “Full throttle. If it becomes at all doubtful, let me know at once. I shall be just inside.”
“Yes, Captain,” Lightoller said, and saluted.

At 10 p.m., two young crewmen, Frederick Fleet and Reginald Lee, climbed to the Titanic’s crow’s nest for their Sunday night lookout shift. Fleet had been disturbed the entire voyage because the crow’s nests’ binoculars, essential equipment for the lookouts, were missing. The officer responsible for the binoculars, Second Officer Lightoller, noted the problem and told the sailors that the matter was “in hand.” But another pair of binoculars were never delivered. The lookouts were essentially functioning as if one of their eyes, their strongest one, was blind.


CHAPTER 62

“You’re drunk,” Madeleine said, smelling the alcohol on Astor’s breath. He had just returned from the celebratory meeting in the First Class Lounge. Astor wavered, his eyes skittering away from his scowling wife. “Yes, I am,” Astor slurred. “Drunk with love for you.”
Astor’s besotted declaration made Madeleine laugh. “Oh, my husband…” she said, shaking her head. 
“Oh, my wife…” Astor responded, moving to her and extending his hands. “Please, I want to feel our baby in your belly.”
“Let’s go to bed, John.”
“The baby…Now!” Astor insisted, placing his hands on her stomach. He closed his eyes.
“I don’t think the baby is ready yet.” 
Astor began to gently hum, as if that would somehow reach the baby in the womb. “There! Yes! I felt kicking.”
“I didn’t feel anything. John,” 
“He kicked! I’m sure of it.”
“How do you know it’s a him?”
“It’s an Astor. It must be a him. A new Astor!” Astor spoke excitedly then leaned down and kissed Madeleine’s belly. “A new Astor.”

* * *

Archie raced down the Grand Staircase to the B-Deck, then ran down the long corridor that separated the First Class guests quarters from their servants. C-81! That was it, the cabin the Inquiry Room clerk said was Wheeler’s. Archie pounded the door. There was no response, so Archie thumped again, then pressed his ear to the door, trying to hear if anyone was rustling in the room. Nothing. Wheeler was somewhere on the ship and Archie had to find him. He closed his eyes and prayed – to God, to Mick, to any force that might lead him to Wheeler. He tried summoning Wheeler’s image into his mind, as if that might somehow help locate him. But as he focused his thoughts, his concentration was broken by the jangle of music coming from a deck above. The ship’s band was blaring Come Josephine, In My Flying Machine. Annoyed, Archie stepped away and wandered back down the corridor. He didn’t know where to go next, so he climbed a single flight of stairs that led to the Men’s Smoking Lounge. As soon as he stepped in, he heard a familiar voice calling: “Archie, over here.” He swiveled to see Millet waving from a card table. Millet was sitting with two friends, Arthur Ryerson and Clarence Moore. “Pull up a chair, Arch,” Millet said. “We’ve been waiting for you.”
“I can’t right now.” 
“Something wrong, Archie?” Ryerson asked.
“I have to take care of some business. I’ll join you all in a bit if I can.”
“Promise?” Millet asked.
“Frank, I wouldn’t miss a game with you for anything.”
“Good then. We’ll hold your place”.
Archie quickly stepped through the Smoking Lounge then out to the Promenade, where his face was hit by the cold sea air. He breathed it in, feeling the tang of salt in his nostrils and the wisp of moistness on his lips. There was no moon. The smooth surface of the water mirrored the black satin sky that glittered with a million stars. He felt calm, serene. His serenity lasted only until he saw a man gazing out over the railing near the bow, a man with a hulking body and big jug ears. He quickly set out to the front of the ship. “Wheeler,” Archie called when he got close. The large man did a slow turn and saw Archie only a few feet behind him. The light caught the crescent scar that ran down the man’s jaw.
“Archie Butt,” Wheeler said, his voice soft and full of menace. “Our paths cross in the oddest places, don’t they?”
“What are you doing here?” Archie asked, trying to measure Wheeler out.
“Crossing the Atlantic like you. Going home.”
Archie had no time for games. “You’re here to blow up this ship.” 
“Now where in the world did you get such a silly notion?” Wheeler said through his sinister grin.
“When I threw the dynamite that you left in the cargo hold overboard.”
“Dynamite?! You say there was dynamite on this ship?! And now it’s gone? Well, I say the only dynamite that existed must have been in your imagination.”
“It was in the cargo hold and there’s got to be more.”
“My, my, my,” Wheeler said, shaking his head. “Not only do you have quite an imagination, but a paranoid one as well. Don’t you read the advertisements? Trying to blow this ship up with dynamite would be futile. This is the Titanic. It’s unsinkable.”
Archie had had enough. He moved close to Wheeler. “You will tell me where the rest of the explosives are or, as an officer of the United States, I will arrest you this moment.”
“Don’t you remember, I’m an officer of the United States as well?” Wheeler sneered, then added, “It’s too late anyway. Now get out of my way.” Wheeler took a step past Archie, only to be grabbed by the arm. Wheeler appeared shocked that Archie dared to lay a hand on him. The huge man whipped his massive arm back with such strength and quickness it stunned Archie. Then the first blow came swiftly and brutally, smashing into Archie’s solar plexus. It felt like a sledgehammer driving into his body. Archie doubled over, breathless and unable to stop the vicious onslaught. Wheeler sent a torrent of punches into Archie, who tried to block them. It did little good. Wheeler’s giant fists smacked through Archie’s meager defense and found their targets, slamming into Archie’s ribs and stomach. Archie fell, dazed and gasping for breath. There was no mercy in Wheeler, who stomped his boot into Archie’s neck. “That was for the scar you put on my face,” Wheeler said, then gave Archie one last kick to the back of the head.  “Bon voyage, Major.”

* * *

From his perch in the crow’s nest, Fredrick Fleet noticed a strange haze develop on the water. Then, ten minutes later, a black mass, towering some 55 feet over the ocean emerged from the haze. Fleet immediately rang the crow’s nest bell three times – emergency code that an object was dead ahead. He picked up the telephone that was connected to the bridge. “Iceberg, right ahead.” The officer who answered, James Moody, responded with a quick “Thank you,” then turned to First Officer William Murdoch and repeated, “Iceberg right ahead.” Without hesitation, Murdoch ordered “Hard-a-starboard!” At the helm, Quartermaster Robert Hichens cranked the wheel as fiercely as he could. 
The harsh clanging of bells then the panicked shouts of men broke through the fog clouding Archie’s mind. He struggled to open his eyes and when he did, he caught sight of a looming mountain of ice. Crawling to the rail, Archie grabbed the top bar and strained to pull himself up. What he saw filled him with awe and terror. The Titanic was headed straight into the center of the gigantic iceberg. A collision appeared certain. As the bow of the ship glided ever closer to the ice, Archie tightened his grip on the rail and braced himself. It happened quickly, but Archie knew this was it: all the premonitions, all the dread feelings, all the disturbing undercurrents that he had been living with for months, were now being crystallized in the reality of the ominous iceberg. At that instant, Archie calmly embraced his inevitable fate; he was almost relieved it had finally arrived. Then, right at his moment of surrender, the great ship pulled hard left. It turned at such a severe angle that it appeared it would avoid the iceberg. For a brief second, Archie felt oddly let down. Everything in his life was leading to the climactic moment of impact. But the grand climax was being aborted. 
The Titanic drifted so close to the iceberg that Archie felt as if he could reach out and touch it. Then the ship trembled slightly and there was a scraping as the iceberg slid along the starboard side. It seemed like a rough kiss. Ice chunks began raining down upon the decks. Archie had to step back and avoid the small white missiles. 
While the scrape with the iceberg was felt throughout the ship, few paid it any mind. It seemed incidental, not violent at all. One officer said it felt like “a chain running over a windlass.” Another person described it like a “jar and grind.” Others said it felt like “a slight trembling and grinding,” “a dull thump,” “as though somebody had drawn a giant finger along the side of the ship,” “a slight shock,” “a bump,” “ripping sound like a piece of cloth being torn,” “nothing more than an extra heave of the engines.” 

* * *

Henry shook awake. The gag was cutting into the corners of his mouth. His head throbbed and his chest burned with every breath he took. He wondered what would kill him first: would he freeze to death or would his broken body implode. As he lay helpless on the floor, he spotted the little lair he had created out of shirts and trousers only two days earlier. A refuge from the cold. He began crawling along the planks, trying to inch forward like a wounded animal. The pain from even that little movement was excruciating and he had to stop. Tears came to his eyes. He felt a complete sense of hopelessness, only to be shaken out of his despair by an earsplitting crash. What he witnessed was, at once, terrifying and astonishing: the steel plates of the hull were twisting like taffy. The rivets holding the massive plates together started to quiver in their sockets. A giant fist of dirty white ice punched through the hull then scraped along the steel plates, popping the hull’s rivets as if they were a string of firecrackers. Water exploded through the twisted steel sweeping up everything in its path, including Henry, who was sent tumbling head over heels, smashing into steamer trucks and bouncing off wood crates that were wrenched loose from their moorings. The onslaught of freezing water snapped Henry alert; his pain disappeared with a rush of adrenaline. He felt the skin on his arms contract from the chilly ocean water. His wrists became slick and he was able to wriggle them in the loosening rope. As the water gushed over Henry he frantically worked to free himself of the bindings before he drowned. 

* * *

When Captain Smith felt the bump in his cabin, he quickly dressed and made his way to the bridge. “What was that?” Smith asked First Officer Murdoch.
“An iceberg,” Murdoch answered. “I ordered hard a starboard and reversed the engines and I was going to hard a port around it, but it was too close.” 
Smith quickly stepped outside to see if he could spot the iceberg. He couldn’t; it had floated past. The Captain ordered the watertight doors shut. Murdoch informed him the process was already in motion. Fourth Officer Joseph Boxhall appeared on the bridge to report there seemed to be no noticeable damage in the passenger areas. Everyone was relieved until the ship’s carpenter came rushing to the bridge and said that the lower decks at the front of the ship were taking on water. A mail clerk followed him and reported flooding in the mailroom. Captain Smith turned and left without saying a word. He walked fifty feet down the deck to the Marconi room, where Harold Bride had just relieved his partner, Jack Phillips, at the wireless. Smith poked his head in. “We’ve grazed an iceberg. I believe the damage is slight, but you’d better get ready to send out a call for assistance,” the Captain told Bride. “But don’t send it until I tell you.” 
It was just before midnight.

A few passengers came out from their rooms to see what had happened. Some third class passengers had discovered ice chunks on their promenade and began kicking them playfully around. John Astor ventured into the hallway where a steward was passing by with a plate of food. “Was that anything serious?” Astor asked.
“No, sir. Just a minor disturbance,” the steward answered. Reassured, Astor returned to his stateroom and crawled back into bed with Madeleine.
Bruce Ismay stepped out of his room with an overcoat over his pajamas. He was telling people that he believed the Titanic had lost a blade off one of the propellers. “It’s a common mishap for ships,” he explained to the passengers. “There’s nothing to worry about.”  He then headed upstairs to the bridge.

* * *

Henry was floating free. He had twisted out of his bonds. The cold numbed his body and brought relief from his throbbing pain. Being underwater, holding his breath, was not unpleasant. He felt like going to sleep, to surrender. It wasn’t that bad. He didn’t need another breath. He was ready to drift away. His surrender to the inevitable was broken by what sounded like a tremendous splintering of wood and steel, and then he felt himself being sucked down, as if he was a bug caught in the swirl of drain water. The sudden jolt of motion brought him back to the present. His pain returned. Through the cascade of rushing water he saw that the door to the cargo hold was blown open by the water pressure. The force of the suction was tremendous; there was no way to escape it. He tumbled toward the opening, caught in the wash along with half the cargo and debris of the hold. A large streamer trunk hurtled into his back, pushing his face into the hard edge of a metal case that was floating by. Down he was swept by the powerful current, riding it to the opening of where the door once was. But the passage was blocked again, this time by a huge wooden crate that was awkwardly lodged like a wayward boulder. The powerful jet stream of water hurtled Henry against the crate, knocking out whatever little breath he had. Instinct was the only thing left in the boy, and it was with pure survival instinct that Henry grabbed onto the side of the crate and maneuvered back into water torrent, letting the pressure thrust him to the narrow, jagged opening that the water was being forced through. Arms first, Henry maneuvered his torso into the slender breach. Normally, there was no way he’d have been able to slide through, but with the powerful force of water behind him, Henry was able to push first his chest, then hips, through the gap. But as he began dragging his legs through, his pant leg snagged on a shaft of wood that had splintered from the crate. His breath gone. He had to twist his foot to pull himself free. His ankle bones, bones that were already shattered by Wheeler, mashed against each other. Henry’s screams were muffled under roaring the water, but the pain spurred him. He writhed and wriggled his foot to no avail. Desperate and blinded by pain, Henry cupped both hands under his knee and with all his strength, yanked his leg forward, not caring if he tore his foot off in the process. Instead, the jagged bit of wood was torn off, freeing Henry and sending him shooting through the doorway, riding the rush of water down the lower deck’s long corridor.


CHAPTER 63

It was just after midnight. A new day – Monday, April 15. Captain Smith, accompanied by two crewmen and the ship’s chief designer, Thomas Andrews, rushed down the Grand Staircase to the boiler rooms. What they saw alarmed them. Water was filling the rooms. They talked to a trembling boiler stoker who described being hit by a gush of water that exploded through the ship’s hull. “Let’s get to the mailroom,” Andrews said quickly. The group wasn’t able get that far, reaching only the Squash Court, which was awash in rising water. They’d seen enough. “We need to get back to the bridge, gentlemen,” the Captain said soberly.

Bruce Ismay, still in his pajamas and overcoat, was waiting for Smith in the ship’s bridge. When the Captain and his entourage returned, Thomas Andrews quickly laid out the chilling scenario. “There’s flooding in the first six watertight compartments. The Titanic is able to stay afloat if four are filled with water, maybe five, but not six.” Andrews then demonstrated how the water would fill up one compartment then spill over its bulkhead and begin flooding the next compartment. The ship would ultimately grow head heavy and be pulled down, bow first. There was dead silence in the room. Everyone understood what Andrews was saying: the Titanic was doomed.
“How long?” Smith asked Andrews.
“An hour, maybe an hour and a half at most.” 
“Uncover the lifeboats,” the Captain said firmly. 

Archie had returned to his stateroom, exhausted. He needed a moment to collect himself, unaware of the damage done by the iceberg. He stripped down to his underwear and lay down over the silk bedspread. His entire body was covered with bruises, the result of Wheeler’s attack. He closed his eyes and tried to let the horrible events of the evening evaporate, if only for a few minutes. His rest didn’t even last that long; there was a weak knock at the door. 
“Yes? Who is it?”
“Me, Captain,” Henry’s voice squeaked from the other side of the door.
Archie rolled off the bed. When he opened the door, he was stunned by what he saw. Standing before him, shivering like a wet, bedraggled rat, was Henry. “My god, what happened?”
Henry limped into the room. Archie could see the boy was in severe pain with every step he took. “It weren’t no accident,” Henry said right off, then told Archie of seeing Wheeler with Ismay together on the Boat Deck, of how he was thrown into the cargo hold and then, how the iceberg punched through the hull. Archie listened and began to realize that the situation was far dire than he thought. 
Another knock came, this one hard and quick. “All passengers on deck,” a steward loudly announced. “Life belts on please. All passengers on deck.”
Archie began to dress. Not in a suit, like he had worn throughout the voyage, but in his plain olive military uniform. “Let’s get up top,” he said to Henry and started for the door, then made an abrupt turn and ran back to his steamer trunk. He dug through it until he pulled out a revolver. “Can’t leave half naked,” Archie winked to Henry and secured the gun into its leather holster on his hip.

“Women and children first,” Second Officer Charles Lightoller shouted over the ear-splitting hiss of steam that was being released through the ship’s funnels. “Women and children first.” 
The crowd was almost exclusively First-Class passengers and they seemed unconcerned about the situation. Their lifebelts were fitted over fine gowns and fur coats. The general mood was that of waiting for the doors of an opera house to open. A flare twisted up into the night and exploded into a starburst of glittering white above the ship. It seemed like the 4th of July or New Year’s Eve. 
There was a real reluctance to board the lifeboats. Even as the Titanic began dipping at the bow, most of the passengers continued to believe that the ship was unsinkable and that it was far safer to remain onboard then to cast onto the cold sea in a tiny lifeboat. Near 12:40 a.m. the first lifeboat was lowered into the ocean. There were 28 people on it; its capacity was 65. 
Making his way onto the upper deck with Henry, Archie was shocked that things were moving so quickly. The officer in charge of the starboard side of the ship, Charles Lightoller, was struggling to fill the boats. No one seemed to be listening to him. “You stay here,” Archie said to Henry, then walked up to Lightoller, who seemed surprised by the sight of Archie in his military uniform. “Can I be of assistance to you?” Archie asked.
“Thank you, sir, but I think we have it under control,” Lightoller said. “I’ll let you know if we need any help.” Archie retreated. Lightoller began calling for more women and children. Archie moved back to where Henry was waiting. But Henry wasn’t there. Archie quickly perused the crowd that was growing thicker. The boy was nowhere in sight. Just as quickly as Henry had turned up, he was gone again. Disappeared into thin air.

Sixteen ships received distress signals from the Titanic early that Monday morning. Several radioed back that they would steam to the given coordinates as fast as possible. The closest of the ships was a Cunard liner, the Carpathia. It was 58 miles to the southeast. At full speed, it would reach the Titanic in four hours.

Archie couldn’t understand what drove Henry to abandon him. What was it in the boy’s make up that made him so unreliable? Growing up on the streets? Fear? Lack of discipline? Lack of trust? Whatever Henry’s problem was, Archie still felt responsible for him. He searched desperately for the boy, first over the Boat Deck, then one deck down, on the A-deck, where many First Class passengers milled about, trying to decide if they should bother to brave the commotion up top.
In the Smoking Lounge there were a surprising number of men sipping drinks, which were now “on the house.” Archie looked over the room. There was no sign of Henry, but he did see Frank Millet waving to him from a card table. “Archie,” Millet called. “We’ve been waiting for you.” 
“Why would you be waiting for me, Frank?” Archie said, hurrying over to the table.
“You promised to come back and play a round with us.”
Arthur Ryerson had dealt four hands of thirteen cards, which were sitting on the table, face down, waiting to be played. “Come on, Arch,” Millet said. “Pull up a chair.”
 Archie looked at the three men as if they were insane. “Frank, do you know this ship is sinking?” 
“That’s fairly obvious,” Millet calmly replied. The men around the table chuckled. Millet lifted his face. Archie could see from Millet’s expression that he was keenly aware of everything that was taking place. But rather than being filled with alarm, Millet’s crinkled face had a serene countenance to it. “One dies as one lives,” Millet said simply.
“As gentlemen,” Moore added.
“So, how about it, Arch? If this is the last time, let’s enjoy a round of bridge together.”
Archie didn’t share Millet’s sense of serenity. Still, he couldn’t refuse his good friend. “One round, Frank. A quick round.”
“Then pick up your cards,” Millet said.
Archie did. He was holding a great hand.


CHAPTER 64

The Titanic’s eight-member band was serenading passengers in the First Class Lounge when they were asked to move up top to bring a sense of calm to those waiting to board the lifeboats. They hauled their instruments up the Grand Staircase and situated themselves just inside the entrance to the Boat Deck. Their first number was Alexander’s Ragtime Band. They followed it with Great Big Beautiful Doll. As the band’s music floated over the Boat Deck, lifeboats were being swung by rope from their davits over the ship’s side. Because the Titanic was deemed unsinkable, there was little rehearsal for putting the lifeboats in the water, which was a good 75 feet below. With the boats swaying and tilting high above the cold ocean, it seemed far safer to remain onboard and enjoy the lively music. Most of the boats that were being lowered were barely half full.

Panic was beginning to sweep through the lower regions of the Titanic. Unlike the passengers in the decks above, who were feeling a slight list to the ship, the passengers in Third Class were being flooded out. Water was roaring into the front berths and sending those passengers, many of them immigrants and laborers, to clamor into the corridors and stairwells. But the stairwells were locked. Third Class passengers were trapped behind steel gates, not allowed to climb to the waiting lifeboats on the Boat Deck. Many crowded into their dining saloon, where prayers in a number of languages were now growing louder and more desperate. Others crammed into the stairwells, demanding that the gates be opened. Anxious stewards stood on the other side of the steel gates, urging the restless passengers to keep calm, but sensing that all hell could break loose at any moment.

Benjamin Guggenheim was extremely uncomfortable in the life jacket that was fastened under his bulky sweater. He walked his French mistress, Léontine Aubart, and her maid, to a lifeboat and helped them in, then waved goodbye and watched the boat descend to the water. Guggenheim then retreated to his cabin. Twenty minutes later he and his valet reappeared in the First Class Smoking Lounge, both dressed in their finest white tie evening wear, without their life jackets. A steward ordered them to put the life jackets back on. Guggenheim refused. “We’ve dressed in our best and are prepared to go down like gentlemen,” Guggenheim said, then went on acting the heroic bon vivant, saying very loudly so all could hear, “Do tell my wife that I played the game out straight and to the end. No woman shall be left aboard this ship because Ben Guggenheim was a coward.” 

On the far end of the A-Deck Promenade, a number of men and women, all First Class passengers, were told to wait for a lifeboat to be lowered from the Boat Deck to them. After much trouble, a lifeboat finally arrived. Eleanor Widener was led into the boat by her son Harry and husband George, who kissed her goodbye. Marian Thayer was assisted into the boat by her husband John. Madeline Astor, who had dressed for the occasion in a long coat with a sable collar, a diamond strand around her neck and her hands stuffed in a fur muff, was reluctant to leave Astor’s side. “I won’t go if you can’t come,” Madeleine cried, clutching her husband.
“Get into the lifeboat, my darling,” Astor spoke sweetly to Madeleine. “To please me. I will get another boat.” He took off his gloves and tossed them to her, then turned to Lightoller. “My wife is with child and in a very delicate condition. I believe it would be wise if I accompanied her.”
“I’m sorry, sir, women and children only,” Lightoller replied, sticking strictly to the rule, even though twenty seats on the boat were unoccupied. 
“Well, tell me the number of the boat, so I may find my wife afterward.” 
 “Boat number 4,” Lightoller said.
“The sea is calm,” Astor called to Madeleine as they began to lower the boat. “You’re in good hands. I’ll meet you in the morning.” Astor stepped back, lit a cigarette and watched the boat splash into the water.

After his one quick game with Millet, Archie bid his friends goodbye then raced from the card table to go up top. Things had gone from bad to worse. The bow of the ship was tilting at such a degree that it was only ten feet above the waterline. Panic was overtaking those who were calmly debating whether to go or stay only a few minutes earlier. The hard reality hit Archie full on: he was likely facing a watery death very soon. He remembered that the last time he confronted his mortality, he broke down sobbing in a Filipino slaughterhouse. He would not repeat that episode. So when a wave of fear rippled through him, he glanced around the deck looking for someone to save other than himself. And there, amid the growing chaos, was a plainly dressed woman, obviously a third-class passenger, who appeared frightened and lost. Pushing his way to her, he held out his hand. “This way, ma’am,” Archie said gently, and then led her through a group of agitated men to the lifeboat. 
From that moment, Archie became a dervish, herding as many women and children to the boats as possible. Irene Harris, a woman whom Archie shepherded to a lifeboat, described him in action: “Major Butt…was here and there and everywhere, giving words of encouragement to weeping women and children, and uttering, when necessary, commands to keep the weak-kneed men from giving in and rendering the awful situation even more terrible… But, oh, this whole world should rise in praise of Major Butt. You would have thought he was at a White House reception, so cool and calm was he.”

Edwin Wheeler’s identity papers said he was from Bath, England, born in 1886. The story went that he had worked for Vanderbilt for 12 years. The actual fact was Edwin Wheeler was “engaged” only days before the Titanic’s departure. He supposedly boarded with Vanderbilt’s luggage, when, oddly, Vanderbilt had already sailed days earlier, traveling with his luggage and his actual longtime valet.
This puzzling information would have probably been lost to the world had not Henry seen Wheeler walk across the empty forecastle deck toward the bow of the ship right when Archie was first approaching Lightoller to offer his assistance. At that moment, Henry had to make a split-second decision: to obey Archie’s orders and wait for him, or to follow Wheeler. Henry took off.
Limping painfully down two deck levels, Henry had to force himself through clumps of passengers who were shoving and flailing in a desperate attempt to climb to the lifeboats. When he finally reached the B-Deck and hobbled out to the forecastle, he couldn’t see anyone. The deck appeared deserted. A cacophony of noise eerily descended over the emptiness – panicked shouts mixed with the strains of ragtime and the steaming hiss from the funnels. Henry inched along the deck, staying in the shadows, so as not to be spotted. But Wheeler, if he was still on this deck, was invisible as well. Henry was about to give up and go back up to Archie when he caught a whiff of something. He sniffed the cold air. It smelled like…a cigar. He closed his eyes and sniffed again, trying to determine where the scent was coming from. Shifting his head, he honed in on the odor, then opened his eyes. There, at the rail near the front bow of the ship, was the red glow from the tip of a cigar. Henry stared through the darkness at the gleaming point. At first, all he saw was the shadowy silhouette of a man – a large, hulking man with jutting ears. Wheeler was casually leaning against the rail, looking to be without a care in the world. He smoked his cigar slowly and serenely, savoring the taste. 
Henry waited, his gaze fixed on Wheeler, as the bow of the ship sank lower toward the water. Wheeler opened his pocket watch and checked it, all the while observing the lifeboats descending past him. Henry was puzzled by Wheeler’s lack of concern. Minutes ticked by. The water kept getting closer to the bow, so close that Henry could see each small ripple over the ocean’s mirror smooth surface. 
 Two flares rocketed high into the sky and exploded over the bow. In the flash of brightness, Henry caught sight of the huge man gazing up to the chaos that now engulfed the Boat Deck. Wheeler took a puff of his cigar then made a sudden, sweeping wave of his arm. Henry whirled to see to whom Wheeler was signaling. It was a man, a mustachioed man with a life belt over his suit. He too was lit up by the brightness from the flares and was waving back to Wheeler. It was Ismay. Wheeler flicked the stub of his cigar into the ocean and took off for the stairwell. Henry hung back a moment before following.
Going past the band, which was still playing cheery songs, Henry emerged onto the Boat Deck. It was pandemonium. Men, mostly Third Class passengers, were crowding toward the remaining lifeboats, trying to get on. They were being held back by a handful of crewmen brandishing guns. Ismay stood near a collapsible lifeboat, waving to Wheeler. “Let him pass,” Ismay shouted. Wheeler shoved his way through the crowd, most of whom angrily shoved back and moved closer to the lifeboat, screaming to be let on. A crewman standing beside Ismay fired twice into the air. The crowd stepped back. Wheeler broke into the clear. “Come now,” Ismay said. “It’s time to leave.” But just as the two men began stepping into the boat, Henry squirted through the throng, screaming “Women and children only! Women and children only!”
Ismay ignored Henry, but Wheeler paused just long enough for Henry to grab him around the thigh while continuing to scream, “Women and children only!” 
“Get in the boat,” Ismay yelled to Wheeler. But Wheeler could not shake Henry away.
“Get off me,” Wheeler shouted and grabbed Henry around the throat. Henry squirmed under Wheeler’s grip then snapped open his mouth and bit into Wheeler’s forearm. Furious, Wheeler wrapped his arms around the boy’s waist to hurl him off when Henry swung his knee up and struck Wheeler square between the legs. Wheeler screamed and tumbled forward into the crowd of passengers who descended on him like a wolf pack.
“Lower the boat,” Ismay commanded.
“But it’s not yet full, sir,” a crewman answered.
“Do you see any women or children in sight?”
The crewman quickly scanned the rabid crowd of men. “No sir, I don’t.” 
“Then lower the boat and get in if you’d like.”
“Lower the boat,” the crewman called, then stepped back and watched Ismay leave in the last lifeboat on the starboard side.

By 2 a.m., the waterline had reached the bow of the Titanic. The ocean was flooding over the forecastle of Deck B. In the Marconi Room, radioman Jack Phillips was still at the wireless, communicating with the Carpathia, updating the rescue ship on what was transpiring. His partner, Harold Bride, was securing the lifebelts on both of them. The door opened and Captain Smith, who had not been seen or heard from for over an hour, poked his head in. “Men, you have done your full duty. You can do no more. Abandon your cabin. I release you. Now it’s every man for himself.” With that, Smith stepped out of the room. He said similar words to some crewmen outside then walked up into the ship’s bridge and was never seen again.

As the water began to flood into Promenade Deck, those in the Smoking Lounge decided to carry on up top. The men of The Plan – John Astor, Charles Hays, Benjamin Guggenheim, John Thayer, Isador Strauss, George Widener and his son Harry, and Washington Roebling III – who only hours earlier were toasting to the success of a project that was to lead them to the pinnacle of wealth and power in America, were now all on the Boat Deck, facing extinction. All the money and influence they possessed couldn’t keep a 46,000-ton ship afloat. Those with wives had already seen them off, with the exception of Isador Strauss, whose beloved Ida chose to stay with him aboard the Titanic until the end. They drew together into a group because they were, in a sense, brothers, bound not by blood, but by wealth, class and ambition. There wasn’t much to say; they all tried to keep up the façade of their class by acting as unflappable as possible when all around the deck, panic and chaos prevailed. 
“Gentlemen,” John Astor said. “Perhaps we should assist Major Butt with the loading of women and children, as befits our station.” But no one in the group made a move. There was only one collapsible lifeboat left to be filled and Archie was taking care of that, escorting the few Third Class women passengers in sight through the desperate throng of men who were threatening to rush the boat. The situation had become so charged that Lightoller organized a group of crewmen to lock arms in order to hold the mob off. 
Archie had just placed a young woman on one of the lifeboat’s small seats when he heard a familiar voice cutting through the din: “Captain!” Archie turned. All he saw was the thick cluster of frantic men within feet of him. “Captain!” he heard the voice again.  Archie rose onto his toes and looked over the crowd. There was Henry, waving to him. Archie pushed his way to the boy and scooped him up in his arms, enwrapping him in a long embrace. “You keep leaving me, Henry,” was all Archie said.  
 “Wheeler,” Henry huffed, out of breath. “He tried to get away. Mr. Ismay was leavin’ in a boat and he tried gettin’ in with him.”
“So he’s gone?”
“Nah,” Henry smiled his gap toothed grin. “He weren’t goin’ nowhere if I could help it. Ismay got away though.”
An angry roar suddenly erupted from the throng of men. Something set them off. Archie could see Lightoller waving his gun. “Come on,” Archie said to Henry and led him back toward the lifeboat. He quickly saw the reason for the men’s anger: there was Wheeler, stepping into the lifeboat and looking for a place to sit. 
“What’s he doing in there?” Archie yelled at Lightoller.
“He’s authorized.”
“Authorized? By whom?!” 
Wheeler flipped opened his wallet. His badge glinted in the light. “United States Justice Department,” Wheeler said. 
“Get out of the boat,” Archie commanded.
“It is on authority of the executive branch of the United States government that I return....”
Archie pulled the revolver from his holster and pointed it at him. “Get out of the boat,” he repeated. 
“I will not. I have a direct order from the Director of the Bureau of Investigation of the United States to report any…
 Blam. Archie fired into the air. “The next one goes through your heart,” Archie yelled, “Now get out of the boat.” The Titanic shuddered, then lurched headlong. Screams erupted. People in the lifeboat started shouting at Archie: “Let him be;” “There’s room enough;” “Just launch the boat.”
Archie leveled the gun at Wheeler. “They will be lowering this boat in a moment, sir. It will be either with your dead body, which they will throw over the side, or it will be free of your weight, as you will be standing here besides me. Your choice.”
Wheeler stared at Archie, daring him to pull the trigger. Archie drew the hammer back. Everyone was screaming – some at Wheeler to leave the boat, some at Archie to just let him go. Then Archie shot. The bullet flew over Wheeler’s shoulder. Archie cocked his gun again then leveled it at Wheeler’s heart. “Now!” was all Archie said.  Wheeler stared into Archie’s face and knew that if he didn’t leave, he would be dead within seconds. And so he climbed out of the lifeboat and moved beside Archie, who kept the gun trained on him.
“Why?” Archie asked.
“Why what?” Wheeler growled back.
“Why all this? This madness. It wasn’t an accident and you know it,” Archie challenged.
Wheeler shrugged cynically, a sneer on his face. “The Titanic hit an iceberg,” he said. “What else can you call it?” 
“Cold blooded murder. Planned and executed so cleverly that it would seem like an accident. I’m going to ask you again: Why?”
Wheeler turned his face away from Archie and looked out over the ocean. It was beautiful – dark, placid, peaceful – a striking contrast to the noise and panic behind him. “Because that’s just the way it is,” Wheeler said, his voice devoid of emotion.
“It doesn’t bother you?” 
“Seeing my brother being cut in two by a subway train bothered me. What difference does it make if it’s one or one thousand? Death is death. No, it doesn’t bother me anymore.” 
“Who is responsible for this? Who ordered you to do it?” 
“No one ordered me,” Wheeler sniffed. “I got paid.”
“Then who paid you? Morgan? Vanderbilt?”
“Among others.” 
 “Who else? Tell me who!?”
“The United States Bureau of Investigation and Director Finch provide me with a fine salary. You know, I originally came to Rome to assassinate you. Almost got you in the Forum, but my gun jammed.”
“But why?” Archie cried. “It doesn’t make sense!”
“Sure it does. Assassinating you makes sense. Bringing down the ship makes sense. To the men who pay me, it all makes sense. You just have to look at it from their point of view.”
“What insane point of view is that?”
“The point of view from the top, the very top. The point of view of power. Of privilege. It’s a very intoxicating view, Major. And none of them have any problem killing to get there or stay there. Or killing to climb even higher.”
Archie tore his look away from Wheeler and bent down. “Did you hear what he said, Henry?”
“Yeah. Sounds nuts to me.”
“But you heard him?”
“Every word.”
“Good. Now get into the boat.”
“No, I’m stayin’ here with you.”
“You’re getting in the boat, Henry.”
“Women and children only. And I ain’t a child. I’m a man.”
“Yes, you are a man. And because you are, you will leave me and get into this lifeboat. And if…when you are rescued, you will go to President Taft and tell him exactly what took place here and what this man said. Explain that you are carrying out an order directly from me. And tell him that I loved you as I would love a son.” Tears suddenly filled Archie’s eyes; the swiftness of the emotion took him by surprise. “That’s what you must do, Henry,” Archie choked. “And you must do it now.”
“No, Captain, no. I won’t leave you,” Henry cried and lunged forward to throw his small arms around Archie’s neck. But Archie stepped back and caught the boy, then put something in Henry’s hand.  
“Your gun?” Henry questioned, perplexed. 
“Mick’s gun.”
Henry squinted at the inscription Mick scratched into the gun handle: Veritas. Virtus. Libertas. Corporal Mick Shaughnessy 1903
“What does it mean, Captain?”
“I don’t know, Henry. Find out for me, will you? Now go. Go!” Archie turned to Lightoller. “Let him on,” Archie ordered. 

As the last lifeboat was lowered, two Swedish men took flying leaps from the ship and landed safely on the laps of four women. Many of those remaining on the Titanic desperately searched for some way to save themselves. A few jumped into the icy water and tried to swim to the lifeboats. Others tore chunks from the ornate doors and wood paneling of the Titanic so they might have something to float on. 
Archie made no move to save himself. He stood by the rail and watched Henry take up an oar and help stroke the lifeboat away. Astor moved beside Archie, as did Ben Guggenheim and George and Harry Widener and the rest of the men who boarded the Titanic filled with dreams of unbounded power and riches. 
From his lifeboat, Henry was able to see the men at the railing. There was no panic. They appeared to be chatting amiably among themselves, as if they were at a Sunday polo match. The rear of the Titanic started to lift out of the water. Henry saw Archie grip the railing, then do something curious: he took his officer’s cap off and waved it. “Good bye,” Henry thought he heard Archie call. Then Archie waved his cap again, this time vigorously, and cried out in a strong, emphatic voice, as if he was heralding the President: “Good bye – Good luck. Good luck to you all!”



CHAPTER 65

The Carpathia sped toward the coordinates it had received at 17 knots, some 3 knots faster than it had ever gone. At 4 a.m., a green flare from a lifeboat was spotted; it was just over an hour and a half after the Titanic plunged beneath the ocean’s surface. The lifeboat was secured 10 minutes later, its passengers rescued as dawn was beginning to brighten the sky. When the sun finally rose, the entire scene seemed hauntingly unreal. There was little debris – a deckchair or two, some cork, only one body. What were abundant were icebergs, a minefield of more than two dozen of them, some towering 100 feet above the water.
It took four hours to locate and secure all the lifeboats. By 8:10 in the morning the last survivor of the Titanic, the man who was in charge of loading the lifeboats, Second Officer Charles Lightoller, climbed up a netting along the side of the Carpathia, to safety. 
Collapsible lifeboat D, Henry’s lifeboat, had tied itself to several others within an hour of the sinking. The collection of lifeboats floated aimlessly until the Carpathia hauled each boat from the sea. Later, the names of those in the lifeboats were taken and checked against a passenger manifest. Henry’s name was not on the manifest and he did not bother to explain how he came to be traveling on the Titanic. Because of this, he was listed only as “stowaway.”

From the moment the saga of the Titanic became known, the world was caught up in the drama. Reporters besieged the White Star Line offices in Manhattan and London. At first, the company’s vice president, Phillip Franklin, denied there had been an accident or loss of life, even though he knew differently. It wasn’t until late Monday that White Star confirmed the sinking, but not the magnitude of the disaster.

In Aix-les-Bains, J. Pierpont Morgan was preparing for the celebration of his 75th birthday, which was to take place on Wednesday, April 17, when he got word of the catastrophe. He wired the White Star office that he was “greatly upset by loss of Titanic.”
A reporter from the New York Times who was sent to cover the birthday celebration, caught up with Morgan that same day and reported, “Mr. Morgan was looking wonderfully well and very sun burnt… At present he is taking sulfur baths and massages every morning, and occasionally the Nauheim treatment, which is given here.”

When President Taft found out about the sinking, he became distraught and grew desperate for information, especially about Archie. He sent a personal wire to the White Star Line: “Have you any information concerning Major Butt? If you communicate at once I will greatly appreciate it. WILLIAM HOWARD TAFT.”
White Star’s Phillip Franklin wired back: “Sorry to say we have no definite information. Soon as we receive it, will notify you.”

By April 16, over 15,000 people had gathered outside the White Star offices at 9 Broadway. There was still no definitive list of victims or survivors. By April 17, the crowd had grown to 30,000 – relatives, friends, politicians, reporters, photographers, onlookers – it seemed like all of New York was besieging the office. 
Florette Guggenheim visited the White Star offices each of those days, demanding information and threatening lawsuits if she wasn’t informed of Benjamin’s fate. She was told nothing – especially not the fact that Benjamin was last seen putting his mistress in a lifeboat. The only information anyone got was that the Carpathia had been delayed by squalls and fog, and would not arrive in New York harbor until the next day.

Thursday, April 18, was a wet, miserable day. New York City braced itself for an onslaught of crowds, the size of which had not been seen since the funeral procession for the victims of the Triangle fire. Only the immediate relatives were allowed into the special landing terminal. Reporters tried working a variety of schemes to wheedle their way into the restricted area. 
The Carpathia entered the port of New York in the early evening. Thousands stood in the rain at Battery Park and watched her being escorted by a small armada of boats to the mid-Manhattan docks. The ship stopped briefly at White Star’s pier 59 and unloaded the Titanic’s lifeboats, then proceeded to the Cunard pier where she docked in the darkness. It was 9:30 at night.
After the Carpathia’s passengers left the ship, the Titanic’s surviving 1st class passengers came down the forward gangway and stepped into the Cunard terminal, which was under extremely tight security. They were met by shouts and tears from their waiting relatives. They were followed by Second, then Third Class passengers. Outside the terminal were an estimated 30,000 people eager to get a glimpse of the world’s most famous survivors. As they were escorted into public view, the survivors were besieged by shouted questions from an aggressive press corps that was held at bay behind a rope. Most of the First and Second class passengers had accommodations already arranged. Those without a place to stay were provided rooms in hostels, courtesy of New York City.
Senator William Alden Smith met Bruce Ismay almost the moment he stepped off the Carpathia. It was not a gracious welcome. For escaping in a lifeboat while hundreds of men, women and children died, Ismay was portrayed as a villain in newspapers around the world. Just two days after the disaster, the United States Senate created a sub-committee to immediately investigate the sinking. Ismay had originally arranged for the crew of the Titanic to be sent back to Great Britain the morning after the Carpathia docked. For many, this appeared hasty, as if Ismay was trying to hide something. So Smith subpoenaed Ismay and the crew to appear at the hearing, which, for convenience’s sake, was to convene the next day in the East Room of the Waldorf-Astoria. The irony of meeting at that grand hotel, built and owned by John Astor, was lost on most everyone.

Without papers or parents, Custom Officers took Henry Kosinski to a New York hostel with the other steerage passengers. Because he was listed as a stowaway, he was locked and secured in a room through the night, to be picked up the next morning for further processing. That never happened. When the door was unlocked at 6 a.m., officials found an empty room and a sheet rope hanging through the open third floor window.

For three agonizing days President Taft used every means available to find out Archie’s fate. An April 17 New York Times article was headlined: Chance of Major’s Safety a Faint One, but President Holds to It. 
It wasn’t until the Carpathia docked in New York and the revised list of survivors was released that Taft finally came to grips with the fact that his closest friend and confidant was gone. The President issued a long statement on April 19, which, in part, read: “Major Archie Butt was my military aide. He was like a member of my family, and I feel his loss as if he had been a younger brother. The chief trait of his character was loyalty to his ideals, his cloth, and his friends…He was gentle and considerate to everyone, high and low. He was a soldier, every inch of him …He leaves the widest circle of friends, whose memory of him is sweet in every particular.”

From the campaign trail in Lindsberg, Kansas, where he was campaigning against Taft, Theodore Roosevelt released his own statement: “Major Butt was the highest type of officer and gentleman. He met his end as an officer and gentleman, giving up his own life that others might be saved. I and my family all loved him sincerely.”

The next Sunday, April 22, there was a disturbance at the All Souls Unitarian Church when Taft made his weekly church visit. As usual, a crowd of parishioners waited at the Church’s entrance to greet the President with applause. When the Presidential car rolled to the curbside, Jimmie Sloan, the head of the Secret Service detail, helped Taft out of the car. As Sloan escorted the President into the church, a young boy in ill-fitting clothes emerged from the crowd and rushed toward the President. A journalist for the Washington Herald, who was a member of the church, reported that Sloan grabbed the boy before he could reach the President and pushed him aside. He quickly frisked the boy and pulled a gun from the boy’s pocket. 
The boy began emphatically explaining something when, according to the reporter, he called out the name “Archie Butt” to the President. Whatever more the boy said, it stopped Taft in his tracks. He signaled to Sloan to let the boy approach and, after a few more words were exchanged, the President draped his arm over the boy’s shoulder and led him to a far corner of the church’s vestibule.
While the rest of the congregation filed into the church, the reporter hung back, watching Taft and the boy engage in what appeared to be a very emotion filled conversation. The reporter tried to angle close, but was shooed away by Sloan. After fifteen minutes, the boy went back to Sloan, grabbed his gun and advanced on the President. He did it so quickly that there was a sudden moment of tension, broken only when the boy put the gun in the President’s hand. Taft began to cry and embraced the boy. After a few long, tearful moments, the boy stepped back from the President, who was wiping his eyes with a handkerchief, and headed out of the church. 
The reporter called out to the boy and asked to speak to him. The boy turned for just an instant, flashed a gap-toothed grin, and then ran away, limping in obvious pain, before disappearing into the cloud-filled Washington morning. 


EPILOGUE

In late April of 1912, Director Stanley Finch was summoned to a meeting with President Taft at the White House. Hours later, the first head of the FBI abruptly resigned his prestigious position. Finch was initially given a job as the Special Commissioner for the Suppression of White Slavery. Within a year, he was out of government, manufacturing novelties. 

J. Pierpont Morgan remained in Europe through July of 1912, safely away from new and aggressive government investigations into him and his business practices. Upon his return to America, Morgan was subpoenaed to appear before Congress to testify about a host of dealings – including the TC&I deal that ended the Panic of 1907. In late December, 1912, Morgan made a much publicized appearance before the Pujo Committee, a House subcommittee that was investigating America’s “Money trust” (i.e. Wall Street bankers and Morgan) and the influence and control these financiers had over America. Morgan’s allies judged his testimony to be one of his finest hours, as he successfully parried every hostile question with concise, insightful, if not combative, answers. The committee felt differently, and in its majority report pointed a finger at a cabal of bankers, led by Morgan, who abused the public trust by attempting to monopolize industries and gain a controlling influence over the nation’s financial sector.
While Morgan appeared to be in good spirits after his congressional appearance, it was obvious that the ordeals he was going through exhausted him. He left for a trip to Egypt in late January. Within weeks, his health took a precipitous dive. Morgan began suffering fevers, nightmares, depression, and then paranoid delusions. From Egypt he traveled to Rome, where he was ensconced in his usual suite at the Grand Hotel. He would get no further. J. Pierpont Morgan died on March 31, 1913, at the age of 75. His funeral took place in New York two weeks later, on April 14 – one year to the day that the Titanic struck the iceberg. In his honor, the New York Stock Exchange remained closed until noon.

With Astor and Morgan both dead and his money woes growing, George Vanderbilt spent most of his time devising new schemes to raise funds for his first love, Biltmore. Nearly two years after the Titanic’s sinking, in March of 1914, Vanderbilt traveled to Washington D.C. where he entered a local hospital for an appendectomy. He had a heart attack after the operation and died at the age of 51. After his death, Vanderbilt’s widow, Edith, negotiated the sale of 80,000 acres of forest surrounding Biltmore to the federal government. With that land America’s first national forest was created. Biltmore continues to be a privately held family estate, but it is now open to the public as one of North Carolina’s most popular tourist destinations, operating as a hotel and available for tours, weddings, and special corporate events.

Morgan’s death brought uncertainty to Belle da Costa Greene and her status with the library; the decision to retain her was entirely up to Morgan’s son, Jack. Initially, he asked her to stay on for only a short time to take inventory and suggest works that might be sold. After a year, Belle and Jack decided to go forward together – she would have almost complete autonomy in shaping and growing the library and he would reap the benefits of being its titular head. The library became her life’s work. Belle remained at her position until her retirement in 1948 at age 65. By that time, she was recognized as the premier librarian in America. Time magazine featured her in an article in 1949 entitled Belle of the Books. Belle da Costa Greene died of cancer on May 10, 1950. The secret of her heritage and the fact that she was the daughter of one of the most prominent African-Americans of the late 19th Century never became known during her lifetime, only to be uncovered and revealed nearly 50 years after her death.

Madeleine Astor gave birth to a son in August, 1912, four months after the sinking of the Titanic. The boy was christened John Jacob Astor VI. In his will, John Astor left Madeleine a 5 million dollar trust fund and the right to live at the Astor mansions in New York and Newport, but only on the condition that she remain unmarried. In 1916 Madeleine married her former fiancée, William Dick, annulling her inheritance. After a tumultuous life in which she married and divorced twice after Astor’s death, Madeleine died of a heart attack at the age of 45 and was buried at New York’s Trinity Church Cemetery near the Astor family vault and her first husband, John. 
The bulk of John Astor’s $100 million estate went to his son Vincent, who became an accomplished businessman and, to the surprise of everyone, a passionate humanitarian – an Astor with a social conscience. He sold the Astor slum dwellings and tenements and contributed a good portion of his vast fortune to philanthropic causes. He died a venerated man in 1959. His widow, socialite Brooke Astor, carried on his philanthropic work until her death in 2007.
 
John Astor’s grand hotel, the original Waldorf-Astoria, was sold in 1931 and torn down to make way for a new building at 33rd Street and Madison Avenue. Its developers had such lofty aspirations for the planned skyscraper, they named the building after the entire state of New York – the Empire State.

Emma Goldman continued to be at the forefront of radical politics, joining forces with Margaret Sanger to advocate for a woman’s right to contraceptives and then agitating against conscription during World War I. A new, assertive young agent at the Justice Department named J. Edgar Hoover led an effort to arrest her for conspiracy under the Espionage Act of 1917. She was convicted and served two years at the Missouri State Penitentiary. Upon her release she was deported to her native Russia – even though she had lived in America for 30 years and was, by marriage, a U.S. citizen. Emma quickly became disappointed by the repressive Bolshevik style of socialism and spoke out against it, upsetting the new Soviet regime. Disillusioned, she left Russia and continued to travel the world, lecturing, writing and promoting her anarchist ideals. She died on May 14, 1940 after suffering a series of strokes.

Like Emma Goldman, Big Bill Haywood actively opposed the draft that conscripted young Americans to fight in World War I. And like Emma, Haywood was arrested under the Espionage Act with 100 other activists. Because of his celebrity, he remained out of jail on bail during his trial, in which he was found guilty and sentenced to 20 years in prison. After three years of appeals and facing the rest of his life behind bars, Haywood jumped bail and fled to the “workers paradise” of the Soviet Union. He initially became an advisor to Lenin, but with Lenin’s death and the ascension of Stalin, Haywood fell out of favor. He married a Russian woman, drank heavily and ended his days homesick and severely depressed. Bill Haywood died on May 18, 1928. Half of his ashes are buried in the cemetery at the Kremlin wall, the other half near the Haymarket Martyr’s Monument in Chicago, the most hallowed spot of the American workers movement.

Archie Butt was mourned and honored immediately after his death. Reports of his heroic efforts during the last hours of the Titanic, some accurate, some fictional, were featured in newspapers around the country. A memorial service took place in Augusta, Georgia on May 2. Over 1500 people attended. President Taft wept openly and had difficulty maintaining his composure. “If Archie could have selected a time to die he would have chosen the one God gave him,” Taft said, choking back tears. “Everybody who knew him called him Archie. He was loyal to my predecessor, Mr. Roosevelt, who selected him to be his military aide, and to me he had become as a son or a brother... Never did I know how much he was to me, until he was gone.” 
A fountain honoring Archie and Frank Millet was installed near the White House grounds, on the Ellipse. There is a marker dedicated to him in Arlington National Cemetery, a bronze plaque in the National Cathedral, and a bridge, The Butt Memorial Bridge, in Augusta, that was dedicated by Taft in 1914.

The Roosevelt-Taft drama continued to play out through 1912. Roosevelt defeated Taft in 9 of the 12 state primaries the Republican Party held. But after a tremendous battle on the convention floor, the party bosses’ held sway and the nomination fell to Taft. Roosevelt was furious and, after much soul searching, bolted the Republicans to create a new party, The Progressive Party – nicknamed the “Bull Moose Party” after Roosevelt declared that he felt “as strong as a Bull Moose.”
The election of 1912, perhaps more than any other election in history, reflected the vast divisions in American society. There were four high profile candidates: the Republican incumbent, William Howard Taft; his predecessor, Theodore Roosevelt; the Democrat governor of New Jersey, Woodrow Wilson; and the perennial representative of the Socialist Party in America, Eugene Debs. Taft (23%) and Roosevelt (27%) split the vote that together would have given the Republicans another victory. Wilson emerged victorious with just 42% of the vote, and Debs polled the highest percentage a Socialist had ever received (6%). 
Taft returned to his first love, the law, becoming a professor of constitutional law at Yale. In 1921, President Warren Harding nominated him to become Chief Justice of the Supreme Court – the position he had coveted his entire life. He happily served on the court until 1930, when he retired only months before his death.

There were two major hearings regarding the Titanic disaster. The U.S. Senate hearing began April 19, 1912 – only 5 days after the sinking – at the Waldorf-Astoria. Senator Smith questioned the first witness, Bruce Ismay, with the ferocity of a prosecutor cross-examining a murderer. Next to give testimony were the chief officers who escaped alive, including most of the men who were in the ship’s wheelhouse at the time of the collision, including Second Officer Lightoller, Fourth Officer Boxhall, and the man who was at the wheel and steered the ship into the iceberg, Helmsman Robert Hichens. 
The reports from both the American and British hearings cited “reckless and unnecessary speed through the iceberg region” as the primary cause of the disaster. The insurance settlement to the White Star Line for the Titanic was approximately $5 million, two-thirds of the ship’s construction cost.

Legends, stories, theories and mysteries about the Titanic and its sinking continued to grow with the passing decades. On September 1, 1985, after years of unsuccessful attempts, a joint American-French team, led by Dr. Robert Ballard and Jean-Louis Michel, located the wreckage of the Titanic more than two miles below the ocean’s surface. While the discovery of the Titanic was hailed as a spectacular event and gave rise to a new interest and lucrative merchandising industry (including a hit film), the physical presence of the ship did little to answer the puzzle of exactly how and why the Titanic came to lie in its watery grave.
There is no one left to tell the story first hand. Milvinna Dean, the last survivor of the Titanic, died at age 97 on May 31, 2009. It was the 98th anniversary of the launching of the Titanic’s hull from the Harland and Wolff shipyard in Belfast, where Bruce Ismay and J. Pierpont Morgan, along with thousands of other celebrants, watched two rockets filled with fireworks explode over the Titanic’s bow as the ship slipped into the water for the first time.


End



FINAL NOTE

Just a reminder: If you did enjoy this book and appreciated the hard work, research, and craft that went into this book’s creation, do consider making a donation that would be very appreciated. It goes directly to the writer to help feed, clothe, and (most importantly) keep him writing! Donations can be made at: http://www.thetitanicplan.com/Purchase.html THANK YOU!
 

ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS

I met Ron Freeman for the first time in July of 2005. A robust, energetic man, the first thing he said was that he had a “great idea” for a book that he had been researching and developing for almost a decade. His “great idea” turned out to be the focus of my life since that first meeting. Ron made insightful contributions and offered enthusiastic support as I delved deeper into the facts of the story and began shaping a narrative. Unfortunately, Ron never lived to see his vision fully realized. Cancer took his life in late 2006. THE TITANIC PLAN is dedicated to Ron, without whose passion, enthusiasm and “great idea,” this book would not exist. I would also like to thank the Freeman family for their understanding, support and patience throughout the writing process.

An endeavor such as writing a historical novel should only be undertaken by those whose sanity can legitimately be questioned, as it is a long, grueling, and often thankless process. I was fortunate to have wonderful people in my life who would reel me back to sanity when I strayed a little too far and who provided much needed support in body and soul. To those people I offer my deepest gratitude.
To my mother Anita Mendelson and step-father Bubby Mendelson, a big, heartfelt thank you for being constant in your love and support. To my father, Carl Bockman, wherever in the heavens his spirit might reside, I send out a deep appreciation for passing along the invaluable (though not always profitable) trait of chasing your dreams. And to my brother Gary and his family, I offer my thanks for the love and good cheer they provided. 
There have been numerous colleagues and friends who have read the many manuscript drafts and offered up their suggestions, ideas, and continuous encouragement. That honor roll includes Ann Parker, Michael Bourne, Ed Panacek, Helene Zuckerman, Jo Cobbett, Linnea Duvall, Lynne Franks, Leanna Wolfe, and many, many others.
A special note of appreciation goes out to Evelyn Bernhard who perfectly captured the book’s mood in her elegant cover design. Finally, I’d like to thank the light in my life, my wife Alexa Brogli, for her unwavering love, partnership, support and providing the sparkling effervescence in our champagne.


ABOUT THE AUTHORS

Writer and filmmaker Michael Bockman has four produced screenplays to his credits. His feature screenplay, Starving Hysterical Naked, is the basis for the short film he directed which can be seen on YouTube. Between screenwriting assignments he has written numerous articles that have been published in newspapers and magazines. He has collaborated with English author Lynne Franks on three best-selling self-help books. THE TITANIC PLAN is his first novel. He divides his time between Santa Monica, California and Zurich, Switzerland.

Ron Freeman was born in Chicago in 1935 but spent most of his life in Los Angeles, where he attended UCLA, met and married Judy, raised a family and enjoyed a very successful business career. One of his interests was the early American titans of business. He was fascinated with the larger than life characters, how they acquired and maintained power and wealth, and the surreal lifestyles they lived. Ron died before seeing the final version of THE TITANIC PLAN published.
