


The Reason
By S. Driscoll
Copyright 2011 Jeani Driscoll
Published by Jeani Driscoll
Smashwords Edition

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
Thank you for downloading this free ebook.  This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be reproduced, copied and distributed for commercial or noncommercial purposes. If you would like to share this book with another person, please encourage them to go to Smashwords.com and download their own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

A special note from the author
Thank you for downloading this free e-book.  I hope you like the Characters and will read the next book in the series “The Confession”.  Also look for “The Letter “coming out in late 2011 or early 2012.  2011 has started off a little rough with me having my second stroke.  I am back on my feet and will get back to normal soon.  Thank you for all the kind words and prayers you sent my way.  It really kept me going when things didn’t look so good.
Some have asked about the names I use in the book.  I have to admit that it is hard for me to remember names so I used my friends and my wife and children’s names throughout the books.  The advantage is I can always kill off the characters if they piss me off.  So to them I say if you’re still alive in the book you are doing something right.  If not, well sorry!  You were warned!   Jeani!  The exception is Amy who had to die to push Chris into the FBI.  Sorry Amy!
Dedication
As always I dedicate my book to my wife and children.  They are the best and make writing fun.
I also want to thank T-Roy, Amy, and Mat, also known as “The Follow”.  Running sound with Troy at Woodcrest has been a major highlight in my musical career.  Doing video with Mat directing was never dull even if I had to be reminded of my cues.  Amy is just Amy a sweet spirit and wife of Troy.  If you want to hear some great U2esk music check them out at thefollow.com or catch a live show in 2nd Life.
Lastly…to my sister Mona I say, I teased you too much as kids.  I never told you how proud I am of you.  You have always amazed me.  Thanks for everything.  But I’m still trying to figure out how your kids turned out so well.  I guess it must have been Mark’s genes.  Just kidding!

This book is a work of fiction.
–noun
1.The class of literature comprising works of imaginativenarration, especially in prose form.

So by definition it comes from my imagination.  All my works and characters are made up and have no connection to real events or people.  If you are offended and think I am writing about you then maybe you are a bit paranoid and need some professional help or maybe you’re right!  Enjoy “The Reason” 


The Reason
CHAPTER 1
There are moments in our lives that change who we are.  Most are not for the best, some are.  For Chris O’Driscoll the jury is still out on that one.  For better or worse this is Chris’s story of the events that changed his world and placed him on a new path.
It was a beautiful August Day. The sun was shining. A cool breeze kept the temperature at a wonderful 73 degrees.  College would be starting for Chris O’Driscoll in just a few Days.  He arrived at the school early to get the lay of the land.  His entrance into his dorm room went off without a hitch.  After all, his mother was an alumnus of the Manchester NH college.  It was only the third year that men were allowed to attend the predominantly female campus.  He went to a local pub for lunch and when he returned to his dorm room a few hours later he found the door blocked by boxes of stuff, and the stuff was not his.
Reaching over the boxes he knocked on his dorm room door.  “Yah, Who is it?”  Came a sleepy voice from the other side. 
“It’s Chris O’Driscoll, can you move your boxes, so I can get into my room?”
“I’ll be right there.”  The door opened to expose a 6’ 1” tall white guy with wavy blonde hair and the build of a hockey forward.  Wiping the sleep from his eyes he said, “Sorry dude, my brother’s idea of a joke.  I was beat from the drive, and the party last night before we left and wanted to catch a nap before we unloaded the trailer.  Guess they got tired of waiting for me and dumped my stuff in the hall.  Give me a sec and I’ll make a path.”    
Chris couldn’t help but burst out laughing.  “Nice brothers,” Chris smirked.
“Ya they’re a fun bunch when you get to know them.  I’m Duff, by the way, nice to meet you.”  Duff continued to wipe the sleep from his eyes with an impish grin on his face.
“Nice to meet you too, I’m Chris.”  Reaching for a couple of boxes Chris took them into the room and placed them on Duff’s side.  “Sorry to wake you dude.”
Still smiling Duff gathered additional boxes and continued to move them into the room.  “No problem, but I hope this isn’t a sign of things to come.”
“What do you mean?”
“Well I was kind of hoping that our first meeting would be on better terms than can you move your junk, I can get to my room.  I’m sorry Chris.”  Duff kept his eyes on the boxes and the floor waiting.
“Duff it’s no problem,” Chris laughed.  This put Duff at ease, and he extended his hand.  Chris shook it smiling and said, “Let’s get the last of this stuff inside.”    
The rest of the afternoon was spent getting to know each other.  They found they had quite a bit in common.  Duff did indeed play hockey, and Chris suggested they head over to the rink to skate.  Duff turned down the offer not because he didn’t want to, but he didn’t know what box his skates were in.  Chris suggested coffee, and Duff had a huge grin on his face.  “I know a spot just off campus,” Chris said.
“Let’s go,” replied Duff and the two walked the three blocks to the coffee shop.  “So what do you want to be when you grow up,” Duff asked with a smile.
“Old enough to drink,” Chris joked.  “But seriously I want to be a pilot.  I’ve already done my ground training, and I figure two years here getting my generals out of the way then I’m off to the University of North Dakota.  They have a great program for pilots.”
“Did you say North Dakota?  Isn’t it like always below zero there?  Why on earth would you want to go there? “
“The program has one of the highest placement ratios in the country.  I guess if you can stand the cold employers think you can do anything.  Besides I’m paying for this, myself and its cheap there.  How about you?”
“Well I’m going for independently wealthy myself.  However, the stork dropped me off with the wrong family, can you believe they are poor?  So, I plan to study engineering until I find the girl of my dreams then live off her Daddy from that point on.  What do you think?”
“Interesting plan you got there,” Chris laughed.
“A guy can dream can’t he?”  Duff joined in the laughter.  “I mean the ratio of men to women at this school is 1 to 12.  I’m bound to find at least one wealthy one.  I have no problem being a kept man.”  The two laughed harder as other customers glanced at them. 
Chris liked Duff right off and from the look on Duff’s face, Chris knew Duff, and he were going to get along fine.  Coffee lasted hours and as the sun set Chris said pizza and Duff readily agreed.  The two headed to a local pizza house where they found they both loved linguica pizza.  They polished off a large and headed back to the dorm.  
Classes started the next morning Chris and Duff disco they had a number of classes in common.  They soon were the best of friends helping each other with homework, projects, and notes.  Classes were easy as Chris’s mom had predicted.  Most were reviews of the senior classes they took in High School only at a faster pace.  The reading was divided between the two friends and then shared with the other.  This kept the work load light giving them time for other things.

CHAPTER 2 
Chris took to a local pub owned by an Irish national who allowed him to drink Guinness at a back table.  He listened to the music of a group of old Irish musicians singing country and drank his beer.  It reminded him of home and when things got a little stressful, he would walk the four blocks to unwind.  As he was enjoying his second pint a barmaid walked up to his table and said, “Can I get you another root beer?”
“It’s a Guinness actually,” Chris corrected her.
“No it’s a root beer.  You’re too young to be drinkin real beer.”
Chris looked up at the server and found his mouth didn’t work.  Her brown eyes, red hair, and smile could stop an army in its tracks.  Chris just stared with his mouth open.
“You got something to say, or you just gonna sit there with your mouth open?  I got other tables here you know.”
Chris shook his head trying to make his brain work.  “I’m a friend of the owners, and he lets me drink Guinness back here.  What’s your name?”  His eyes never left her face.
“I know the owners too, and I think my Da would know better than to let some underage kid drink in his pub.”  She smiled a smug smile and added.  “My name is Amy, by the way.”
“Amy, a lovely name, for a lovely woman.  I’m Chris.”
Amy blushed and smiled at Chris.  “I’ll bet that blarney works on all the girls.”
“No, I mean I don’t use that blarney. I mean blarney on any other women.  You are the first women, I have ever said anything like that too.  Sorry if I offended.  It’s just I’ve never seen anyone like you before.”
“My Da told me you would fluster easy.  I guess he was right.”  Amy laughed.
Chris felt a bit embarrassed but soon joined in the laughter.  “Do you have a break soon?  I’d love to talk can spare the time.”
“I think that could be arranged.”  Amy smiled at Chris, and it made his whole world light up.  I’ll ask me Da and be back in a bit.”
“Great,” Chris said.
Amy headed back to tend her tables and twenty minutes later walked back to Chris’s table with her apron in her hand.  “I’m all yours,” she said as she placed the apron on the table and smiled at Chris.
If only that were true, Chris thought.
Amy and Chris talked for the next two hours.  Chris learned that Amy had just come over from Ireland to go to university.  The University of Notre Dame to be exact.  Amy wanted to be a teacher.  Chris had only been able to talk to one other person like this in his life, and that person was his mom.  Amy was defiantly not his mom, but the conversation came easy.  At 9:30 Chris asked Amy if she wanted to get something to eat.
“I’m starving and my throat is dry from talking the last two hours.”  Amy flashed that big smile at Chris.
“You like Pizza,” he asked?
“Not really, how about some Japanese,” she inquired?
“Do you know a Japanese place nearby?”
“There is a Japanese grill over on the other side of town.”
Chris felt embarrassed as he said, “I don’t have a car.”
Amy smiled a warm reassuring smile, “Don’t worry we can take my Da’s.”
“As long as he won’t mind, that sounds great.  Even so, let me ask him.  It’s a guy thing,” he smiled.  Chris got up and walked to the bar.  “Mike can I talk to you for a second?”
“Give me a sec Chris,” Mike said.
“No problem.”
After a few minutes, Mike walked over to the end of the bar where Chris was sitting nervously.  “What do you need Chris?”
“I would like to take Amy to dinner if that is OK with you.”  Chris had never been so nervous in his life.
“Well I think that would be up to me Daughter Chris.”  Mike was holding back a smile.  He was working the whole father thing on Chris and was enjoying making him sweat.
“No Mike, I mean yes Mike she said she would like to go with me.  The problem was, is that I don’t have a car, and she wants to go to the Japanese place on the other side of town.  I was wondering if we could borrow your car to make the trip?”
Mike set his face in a frown.  “I don’t know about that.  It’s my only car.”
Amy walked up to the bar seeing the frown on her Da’s face, she said, “Stop it Da.  You are just teasing Chris.  Give him the keys.”
Mike burst out laughing as he dug in is pocket and tossed the keys to Chris.  “Had you going, didn’t I boy.”
Chris realized he had been had and smiled with relief as he caught the keys.  “Thanks Mike.”
“No problem, but I need the car back by 2, so I can go home.”
“I will Mike,” Chris smiled as he took Amy’s arm and lead her to the door.
“She likes the fillet and shrimp,” Mike called out to him.  “She has eaten there every Day, since she got to town.”
Chris gazed into Amy’s eyes and asked, “Is that true?”
“Uh huh,” she smiled.  “We don’t have Japanese grills in Cork.  I love the flavors, and the grill show is fun to watch too.”
“Well if the lady likes the show than the show it is.”  Chris opened the door and walked her outside.    
They ate dinner and laughed at the show.  The conversation moved smoothly from topic to topic.  Chris was in heaven, a beautiful woman by his side, good food, even better conversation.  He hardly noticed that the restaurant had closed.  It was only when the small Japanese women came over to the table and coughed loudly was he jerked back to reality.  “I’m sorry, I guess we lost track of time.”
“Time stops for those in love,” said the small Japanese women.  “Unfortunately I have workers who need to sleep before they start all over again tomorrow.”
Chris and Amy blushed and stood to leave.  “Thank you for your patience,” Amy smiled at the women.
She just smiled back and followed them to the door.  When they exited the door locked with a click, and they heard a string of Japanese, they didn’t understand, but they got her frustration loud and clear.  As they got in the car, they laughed at the situation and drove back to the pub.
Outside the pub, Chris thanked Amy for the dinner Date and leaned in hesitantly hinting at a kiss.  Amy closed her eyes as their lips met.  The kiss was tender and warm.  Chris began to explore with his tongue starting at her teeth.  She opened her mouth slightly and allowed him entrance to her mouth and tongue.  When their tongues met the spark of excitement was more than they had expected, and the kiss turned passionate and eager.  After a couple of minutes, they separated.  They both were breathing hard and deep.  Catching their breaths, Chris said, “Wow, that was amazing.”    
Amy flushed turning a deep shade of red.  “Why thank you sir.”
“Amy I would really like to see you again,” Chris said letting the unspoken question hang in the air.
“Well I think that could be arranged.”  Amy was smiling now looking into Chris’s eyes.
Chris took the hint and asked her out for Friday night.
“I’ll have to ask my Da for the time off, but if he says so I would love to go out with you.  I want to take you down to Newburyport to hear some Jazz and dinner if you are interested”
“I love Jazz.  That would be great.”  Amy gave Chris another kiss, which turned into another passionate few minutes.  The kiss was going fine when there was a knock at the window.
Both Amy and Chris jumped back from each other and looked out the window.  There stood Mike with an evil grin on his face.  “Sorry I didn’t mean to scare you.”
“Ya right Da,” Amy said with a frustrated tone.
Chris opened his door said, “It’s OK Mike. We were just on our way in to get your keys back to you.”  Chris tried not to look guilty as hell, but he failed.  “Thanks for letting us use your car.  Dinner was great, and the show was cool.”
“It’s OK Chris that is just my Da’s idea of humor.  I’m a big girl and can kiss whoever I like.  He is just trying to be the protective father.”
Chris blushed and made his way to Amy’s door.  Taking her arm he walked her into the pub.  He tossed the keys to Mike and went inside.
Mike, on the other hand, just stood there laughing at Chris and his nervousness.  

CHAPTER 3
When Chris got back to the dorm room, Duff was fast asleep.  Chris was dying to talk to someone.  He grabbed the phone and went into the hall.  He dialed a number and waited for an answer.
“Hello,” the voice was full of sleep.
“Hi mom, you got a couple of minutes?”
“Of course baby boy.  What’s wrong?”
“Nothing mom.  I just had the most amazing night, and I needed to tell someone.  If it’s too late, I can wait until morning.  I’m sorry mom.  I know you have to work in the morning.  I’ll just call you then, go back to sleep.”
“No, no, Chris.  Tell me about it.  What’s her name?”
“How did you know it was a girl?”
“Chris, I’m your mother and there is little that disrupts your sleep other than women.”
“She is amazing.  Her name is Amy, and she is from the old country…”
Chris went on for half an hour about Amy and the time they spent together.  He told her that the conversation flowed between them, and he knew when they kissed that he wanted no other women than Amy.
Ruthie smiled as she listened.  This was only the third women who had ever affected Chris like this.  The other two lasted a few months but fizzled out as time went on.  However, Ruthie was a social worker who understood new love and was happy for her son.
When Chris was talked out he apologized to his mother again for waking her up.  She told her son, she loved him and was happy for him then hung up and returned to a peaceful sleep.  Chris returned to his room and fell asleep within minutes of his head hitting the pillow.

CHAPTER 4
The alarm came way too early for Chris.  He felt like he had not slept at all.  He pulled himself out of bed and into the shower.  He needed to wake up so he flipped the water to be cold after his shower was complete standing in the icy stream for as long as he could.  It worked, and he was now totally awake as he shivered in his towel.    
Back in his room Duff was crawling out of bed.  “Where were you last night?  I was up until midnight until I fell asleep.”
“Well I met a woman last night at the pub.”  
“And who might this woman be?”  Duff was smiling as he dressed for the day.
“Her name is Amy and she is wonderful.”
“Well, spill it big man.  I want detail's dude.  Where did you meet her, did you spend the night?  Tell all.”
“First off, no to  spend the night and I wouldn’t tell you if I did.  She is Mike’s daughter and she just arrived from Ireland.  She has the most amazing red hair and brown eyes that sparkle when she smiles.  We went to Japanese, and I kissed her when we got back to the pub.  I have a Date with her on Friday if she can get the night off.”
Thursday morning Chris’s phone rang at 7:00AM, a full 30 minutes before his alarm would go off.  “This is Chris,” he mumbled into the phone.
“Chris boy it’s your uncle Doug.  I didn’t wake you did I?”
Chris sat up now fully awake.  “Hey Uncle Doug, you didn’t wake me.  What’s up?”
“Have you had your breakfast?”
“Not yet, but I usually just have some coffee.  Wait a second, are you in town?”
“Not just me but your uncle George is here too.  We are sitting outside your dorm.  Hustle down and we can have breakfast together.”
Chris hung up the phone, threw on some clothes, and ran down the stairs carrying his shoes.  When he reached the front door, he spotted Doug and George and ran to them embracing Doug in a bear hug.  “It’s good to see you uncle Doug,” with that he turned and grabbed George, “You to Uncle George.”
“It’s good to see you too boy,” Doug said smiling and looking into his eyes.
“Ya boy you’re lookin good,” Uncle George said as he patted him on the back.
“What are you two doing here?  Not that I’m complaining I was really getting homesick, and I missed you both.”
Well, we came on an errand of mercy.  We talked to your mother and finished up the Galaxy you, and your Dad worked to restore.  We thought you might like to see it before we sold it for her.”
Chris’s heart sank. The old 1968 Ford Galaxy 500 was his and his Dad’s last project together before his Dad died.  Chris had always hoped to finish the car and drive it himself.  They had scoured the country for parts together they only needed to put the last of it together and paint it.  However, Dad had gotten sick, and they never got the chance to finish it before he passed.  “I’d love to see it.”
Doug and George could tell that Chris’s heart was not in it.  “Well we got plenty of time for that.  Let’s get something to eat first.”  Doug walked back to his car and got in.  George followed on his heels and nudged Doug as he got in.  Doug gave George a hard look.  Chris climbed in the back, head down, and the hurt on his face was evident to everyone in the car.
As Doug and George had come into town, they had spotted a breakfast only dinner called the Copper Kettle.  They decided to take Chris there.  The food was good the coffee fresh and hot, and the waitress’s had plenty of attitude.  Chris ate the food, but his mind was elsewhere.
“What did you get for it,” Chris asked?
“Some guy in CA wants it for $98,000.00,” George smiled.  “We are planning on taking it part way and meeting the new owner somewhere in Missouri.”  Chris’s mood fell even more.  George asked, “What’s with you today?  You were happy to see us, but now you're more down in the dump than I have ever seen you.”
“I’m sorry guys. I was hoping to finish the car myself and drive it someday.  I guess I’ll never get the chance now.”
“Well your mom really needs the money, and we thought we could help her out.  Sorry Chris if this blows a dream for you.  There will be other cars and other dreams.”  George looked at Chris and patted him on the shoulder.    
“I know. It just hurts.”    
Doug and George sat in silence as they finished breakfast.  Chris was in no mood for conversation so when the check arrived Chris took his and headed for the door.  Doug called after Chris, “We are buying you breakfast. It's the least we can do now that we have succeeded in bumming you out.”
“Thanks Uncle Doug,” Chris handed over the check and waited next to the table for the men to dig out their wallets and put the cash together to pay Chris’s bill.  “I’m sorry I’m so down guys.  I miss my Dad, and the car was just one thing I was holding on too.  I guess he really isn’t coming back, is he?”
George seeing the sadness in his eyes said.  “Afraid not boy.  We miss him too.  But we have to go on with life.  Just remember that you were his life.  He lived to raise you right.  He did nothing but talk about you when we got together.  He loved you like nothing else in his life.  You have made him so proud, and you make us proud by going on with life.”
Chris leaned over and gave George a hug.  “Thanks Uncle George.  You guys are the best uncles a boy could have.”  A smile spread across Chris’s face.  “So I have a question.  When do you guys stop calling me boy?”
Doug laughed and said, “Never boy.  Never, so get used to it.  We promised your Dad. we would look after you so you are our boy now and forever.”
“That actually feels good.  Thanks guys.”
The three left the restaurant and headed back to Chris’s dorm.  When they parked Doug and George got out and took the tarp off the Galaxy on the trailer.  Chris got out of the car and stared at the finished product.  The color scheme was the same one he had drawn up.  When his Dad died, Chris had taken the drawing and had it framed and placed on the wall of his bedroom.  He didn’t want to bring the picture with him to college for fear of it getting wreaked.  The base color was a candy-apple red with white and blue pin striping.  It was perfect.  The convertible roof was white, and the seats were white with red and blue trim.  The whole thing was chrome trimmed and looked like it just came off the assembly line.  Chris walked around the car looking in awe at his dream now a reality on the trailer.
“What do you think?” Doug asked, and George was smiling.
“What do I think?  I think it is beautiful.  I have never seen anything like it.  It is just how I imagined it would look.  You guys did a fantastic job.  No wonder you’re getting 98 grand for it.”
“That’s not all,” George said.  “Check out the Dash.  It has a complete computer navigation system with XM radio and a 20 CD changer.  Add to that the 500GB music storage system, 1000 watt amplifier and Dolby 5.1 surround sound a pop up 10” video display with DVR, and you have one cherry ride inside and out.”
“Doug, George, thanks for letting me take a peek at it before you sold it.  It is the most amazing thing I have ever seen.”  Chris just continued to start at it in total amazement.
“You wanna drive it,” Doug asked?
“Absolutely,” Chris said.
Doug and George got it off the trailer and let Chris get in for a test drive.  For the first few minutes, Chris just sat in the driver’s seat feeling the seats, Dash and controls.  Then he put the car in drive and took it for a spin.  He took it out on the highway 95 and opened her up.   When he hit 100, he eased off the gas and listened to it purr as he flew down the highway.  It was perfect.  After a while, Chris started to feel guilty about having the car out so long and turned to head back.  He wished the car could be his, but he understood that his mom could really use the money.  When he arrived back at the trailer, he started to pull the car onto it but George stopped him.  “You want me to put it on the trailer,” he asked?
“No I’ll do it thanks,” George replied.  “It’s a little tight to get on the trailer.”
Chris got out of the car and stepped back to take it all in one last time.  George and Doug came and stood on each side of Chris.  “You did a great job with picking the colors,” Doug said.
“Ya, it’s choice.  Thanks again for letting me drive it.”
Doug smiled at George and asked Chris if he had a couple of bucks on him.  “I’d like to get a soda from the machine before we head out.”  Chris dug in his pockets and pulled out two bucks.
“Here you go.”  Chris smiled as he gave Doug the money.  “I got to get ready for class.  Thanks for the breakfast and the test drive.  I love you guys.”  Chris began to walk to his dorm when Doug called out to him.
“Hey Chris, before you go, I want to ask you something.”  Chris turned as Doug continued.  “Will you promise us that you’ll visit your mom as often as you can?”  Chris started to respond, but Doug held up his hand stopping him.  We would also like a promise that you will come see us as often as you can.  We would in addition like to spend the Day with you.  Can you skip your classes?”
“You know I will guys.  You’re family.  You’re also the coolest Uncle’s a boy could have.  I’d love to spend the Day with you two.”  Chris smiled and once again hugged them both.
George spoke up, “So did you see the present in the back seat for you?”
“No.”  Chris went to the car and looked in the back seat at the small flat box.  Chris reached inside thinking it was a new shirt, but the box was too heavy to be a shirt.  Chris was not sure what it was.  He opened the box and found a license plate inside.  He read the plate number and started jumping up and down saying no way over and over.
George started laughing and produced the title and registration from his breast pocket.  “It’s true.  You just paid a dollar for galaxy.”
Chris couldn’t contain his excitement.  “This is the coolest present ever.  Thank you, thank you.  I can’t believe it’s mine.  No way, No way.  Chris opened the door and sat in the front seat again. 
Doug spoke up next.  “Remember your promises.  Your mom wanted you to have it, and we helped her get it done.  But the deal is if you start neglecting your mom or us, we will pick up the car and sell it for real.  You ok with that?”
“Yes, of course I am.  This is so cool.  I can’t believe this.”
“We have a few things we need to get done today so you can drive this bad boy.  Let’s go get the insurance set up and George wants to put a Lo-Jack system on it.”
The three spent the rest of the Day getting the chores of a new car done.  They had clam baskets for lunch and when dinner rolled around Chris recommended the Japanese Steak House.  There was lots of love and laughter flowing.  After dinner George and Doug said their goodbyes and headed home with the empty trailer.  Chris stood in the parking lot just walking around the car over and over.  He kneeled in front of the car and fastened his plate on.  He walked to the back of the car and attached the other plate.  He took a step back and looked at them in the dim light.  “Chris’s 68” He smiled and mouthed the words' thanks Dad.        
CHAPTER 5
When Chris got back to the room, there was Duff spread out on his bed reading.  “What happened to you today?  You didn’t show for any classes.
“I had a visit from my two uncles.  They were dropping off my car.”  The smile on Chris’s face told the whole story.  “I’ve got to call my mom but when I’m done. How about, I take you out for a drink?"
“As long as you’re buying, count me in.”
Chris grabbed the cordless and dropped on his bed.  He dialed the only number he knew by heart other than Centerville Pizza and waited for an answer.
“Hello,” came the voice on the phone.
“Mom its Chris.”
“Chris I was waiting for your call.  Did your uncles leave yet?”
“Ya they just left.  Thank you for the car mom.  It means the world to me.”
“I figured you’d like it.  However, you really need to thank Doug and George.  They took care of everything.  I couldn’t have done it without them.  Did you like the plates?”
“Mom they are great and I did thank the guys.  Are you sure you don’t need the money?  I mean we can sell it for a lot of money, and you could use that to live on after you retire.”
“Chris honey, your dad took good care of me.  The house is paid off and there is enough money to see me through until the end.  You don’t have to worry about that.  I know he would have wanted you to have the car.”
“Thanks mom.  I don’t know what to say.  It’s more than I could have hoped for.  You’re the best.  I love you mom.”  Chris could feel the tears in his eyes.  Once again, Dad had come through for him and his mom.  “I miss him mom.”
“I do too sweetheart.  He was a good husband to me and a great father to you.  We have been blessed by knowing him.  However, you know he would have wanted us to be happy and not spend all our time thinking about him.  Just remember this Chris, your dad would be so proud of you.  I’m proud of you too Chris.  You are one amazing kid.  Not that I haven’t wanted to kill you from time to time or been willing to sell you for a quarter at others, but you will always be my son, and I am so proud to be your mom.”
“Thanks mom.  It means a lot knowing you, and dad are proud of me.  I have to go.  I promised Duff a pint at the pub to celebrate my new wheels.
“You have fun sweetheart and don’t let your studies slip now that you have a car.  I love you.”
“I won’t mom and I love you too.”  Chris hung up the phone wiped his eyes and told Duff it was time to go.
As expected Duff was blown away by the car, and wanted to drive it.  Chris made it clear he was the only driver of this car, and he also told the history of the car.  Duff understood but still wished he could drive it.
“This thing is a babe magnet.  You can just cruise around town and you will be the most popular guy on campus.”
Chris laughed; he had no interest in collecting women like notches on a gun handle.  His heart was set on Amy.  He was fascinated by her.  He couldn’t wait for his date tomorrow.
The boys drove to Mike’s pub took their booth in the back and ordered two pints of Gunnies.  Mike himself brought the pints to the booth and took a seat.  “How you two doing,” he asked?
“We’re good, how about you?”  Chris casually asked.
“Well to be honest I am getting tired of hearing your name.”
Chris looked up at Mike concerned, he had done something wrong.  Duff joined him in the gaze and waited for Mike to explain his comment.
“Amy has done nothing but talk about Chris this and Chris that.  She is acting like a school girl with her first crush.”  Mike smiled, and both Chris and Duff relaxed.  Chris wanted to hear more about how much Amy liked him but thought that asking would seem conceded.  So he just continued to listen silently.    
Mike went on a few minutes then asked Duff if he could speak to Chris alone for a second.  Duff did well with the hint and said he needed to go relieve himself anyway.  As he left the booth Duff patted Mike on the back and whispered, “Go easy on him.”
Mike smiled and half waved to Duff as he left.  Then his took a serious turn to Chris and looked him directly in the eye.  “I’ve know you a while now Chris and I like you but I wouldn’t be a very good father if I didn’t ask what your intentions are toward my little girl.  She’s all I have since her mom died and I would do anything to make sure she doesn’t get hurt.  I guess what I’m saying is that if you just plan on getting into the pants of a local girl then dumping her, I’m going to be very upset.  Chris, you don’t ever want to see me upset.  There is a good reason I don’t have a bouncer.  I’ve never needed one.”
Chris held back a smile.  He knew Mike was serious and very concerned for his daughter.  Living in a tourist area or a college town you meet guys who think bedding a local is a fun way to spend the summer.  But when the summer, or the school semester, is over they simply want to forget about the girl involved.  Chris’s mom had dealt with suicidal girls who had just been dumped by their summer loves on more than one occasion.  He understood the pain on not just the girl but her family as well.  He vowed a long time ago to respect women more than that.  “Mike, I grew up on the Cape and have seen my share of summer loves.  I would never do anything like that to any women.  I really like your daughter and am looking forward to spending more time with her.  It may sound hollow coming from the guy but I think your daughter is the most interesting women I have ever met.  I have no intention of hurting her.  I promise you I will always show her the proper respect.”  Chris thought for a minute then added, “If you would like I would be happy to give you the number of a few of my ex-girlfriends.  I still talk to them and we are all friends.”
Mike smiled, “You really still talk to your ex’s?”
Chris blushed, “Ya, my mom always taught me to respect women and value the friendship first then the dating relationship second.  The funny part is that they all agree that I made a better friend than boyfriend.  It’s a bit embarrassing to hear them talk when they get together but we really are friends.”
“That’s good to hear.  I would like a name or two to call.  I just want to make sure my little girl doesn’t get caught up with a guy like a summer tourist.”
“No problem,” Chris dug in his pocket for his cell phone and wrote a couple of names and numbers on a napkin.  He slid it across the table to Mike who put it in his breast pocket.  “Thanks Chris, I’ll let you get back to your pints.  By the way will you need my car on Friday?  It’s ok if you do just remember I close up at 2 am and I’ll need it then to get home.”
“Thanks anyway Mike but my uncles dropped delivered my car to me today.  They did some work on it and now I have my own wheels.”
“That’s great.  Congrats and enjoy.”  Mike headed back to the bar reaching into his pocket and grabbing the phone as he passed the edge of the bar.
Duff returned a moment later and asked how the dad interview went.
“It was fine he is just worried about his daughter.  I can respect that.  He asked for references.”
“He what?  I hope you told him off.  The nerve of that guy I…”
“Actually I gave him a couple of numbers.  I don’t mind besides I am still friends with all the girls I’ve dated.  If it helps him to trust me with his daughter then it is worth it.”
Duff was in shock.  “You’re still friends with your ex girlfriends?”
“Of course.  They were all my friends before we dated and I didn’t want to lose them as friends just because we no longer wanted to date.”
“If my ex’s got together they would most likely take up a collection to hire a hit man.  That would be one ugly scene.”
“That’s what happens when you are raised in a home full of brothers.  Too much testosterone and competition for women.”
 “Well maybe.  But that is the way it was.  What was your home like.”
“My dad died before I started dating and my mother is a LICSW Social Worker.  Respect for women was engrained in me from day one.  It’s that way when you live with a therapist.”
“You mean like a head shrinker?”
“Ya kinda.”
“Dude, that’s awful.  I’ll have to help you get on the right path when it comes to women.”
“Duff, I like the way I date.  It’s a lot less dramatic and I never have to worry about hit men.”
“Well you got me there.  But I just don’t go in for all this therapy.  It’s just not normal.  People don’t need to talk about their problems with a complete stranger.  There are just some things you don’t talk about, you know you just stuff em down.”
“Think about it this way.  There are times in your life where you just need to talk stuff out with someone who can help you sort stuff out.  Friends are great but they may not have a clue how to help you.  Therapist’s are professional listeners who know how to help you answer your own questions.  I have had a therapist for years and during high school when things got crazy she really helped me sort stuff out.”
“Well I suppose that’s good for you but not for me.  I talk to my brothers when I need help and they set me straight in five minutes or less.  It takes less time and is cheaper.”
“You get what you pay for bro.”  Chris snickered.
“I guess I do.”  Duff joined in smiling.
CHAPTER 6
Friday evening came and Chris drove to the pub to pick up Amy.  She was scheduled to get off work at 6 and promised to be ready to go by 7:30.  It was 6:15 when Chris arrived.  He took his usual booth in the back and Mike walked over with a Guinness in hand.
“How you doing Chris?”  The smile on Mike’s face was warm and friendly.
Chris chuckled and asked, “Made a couple of phone calls did ya.”
Mike’s smile broadened as he said, “I did.  I had a lovely talk with 2 wonderful young ladies who just happened to be together when I called.  They filled me in on you. Ha.”
Chris hung his head.  “They were together?  I’ll bet you got an ear full.”
“I did, but they both love you and think you are a great friend and a kind boyfriend.  They asked about Amy and her personality and decided you two would do well together.  They sent their love and best wishes.  One of them, Jenny I think, wanted me to tell you to not screw this up.”  Mike laughed harder this time.
“Great,” Chris was embarrassed.
“Actually it was great.  I heard them speak of you with a lot of love and friendship.  There was no heartbreak, no hatred, no wishing you were dead.  Take it from me I never had an ex talk about me the way they talked about you.”
“So is it OK if I date your daughter?”  Chris looked into Mike’s eyes and waited for his reply.
“Ya, it’s OK.  Just treat her right.”  Mike was smiling at Chris.
“I will Mike.  I promise.  Thanks Mike.”  Chris offered his hand to Mike in a gesture of friendship.  Mike grabbed his hand and shook it firmly.
Mike headed back to the bar and Chris returned to his Guinness.
At 7:25 Amy walked into the pub.  She was wearing a yellow chiffon top that showed a little cleavage and was so shear Chris could make out the outline of her yellow bra.  Her hair hung long tucked behind her ears.  The fire red color was enthralling.  She wore worn jeans and black heels.  She was perfect Chris thought.  He rose from his seat and met her halfway across the dance floor.  Chris kissed her lightly on the cheek and told her how lovely she looked.  Amy blushed and took his arm.  They walked back to the booth and sat down.  “So you want to have a drink before we head out?”  Chris was lost in her brown eyes and barely caught her answer.
“I’ll have a Guinness.”  Amy looked at Chris.  “We should talk before we go.”
Chris walked to the bar and ordered 2 pints.  Mike handed them to Chris who returned to the booth and placed one in front of Amy.  It was at that point that Chris realized what Amy had said.  “Is something wrong?”
“No, I just thought we should talk about my Da’s phone calls to your ex’s.”
“Oh, is that all.  Mike already talked to me about that.”
“I’m sure he did.  It’s all he could talk about last night.  Chris this, and Chris that, he is a perfect gentleman, blah blah blah.  Look Chris I like you but if you’re a priest or something I don’t think this is going to work.”
“I’m no priest Amy.  I just never ended a relationship on bad terms with my ex’s.  When things were not right between us we talked about it.  We worked on the relationship.  When we decided it was not working for us we talked about it like adults and parted as good friends.  I think of it as dating with none of the drama.  I know most guys my age don’t work that way by default but I grew up in the home of a social worker and respect for women was drilled into my head.  I still have all the desires of a normal college freshman, believe me.  And just so you know, the way you’re dressed is bringing those desires to the forefront of my mind.”  Chris gave Amy a sheepish smile.
Amy blushed at the comment.  “Just as long as your mind goes occasionally into the gutter.  I think I can go out with you.”  Amy smiled at Chris and he returned the smile.
“So you’re saying you don’t mind my baser thoughts?”  Chris flashed an evil grin.   
“Nope, I don’t mind them as long as you know when to act on them.”  Amy returned the evil smile muscle for muscle.  It was Chris’s turn to blush.
This girl can give as good as she gets, Chris thought.
They got up and headed out.
CHAPTER 7
“Oh shoot I forgot to get me Da’s keys.  I’ll just run back and grab them.”
“Amy we don’t need them.  I got my car yesterday; my uncles delivered it to me.”
Amy stopped in her tracks and turned to face Chris with a big smile on her face.  As she looked over the cars in the parking lot she said, “Well let me guess what you’re driving.”
“Go for it,” Chris smirked.
There was a beat up old Volkswagen, but Chris told her, “nope.”  She tried the old Cadie but got the same response.  After 5 more tried and 5 more no’s she gave up.  Chris pulled out his keys and clicked the unlock button on his remote.  The lights flashed and Amy’s eyes flew upon wide.
“No way.  That is yours?  Chris it’s beautiful.  I had no idea you came from money.  This thing must have cost a fortune.”
“No money here just a pair of working stiffs until my dad died.  We were working on this when he died.  My uncles finished it up for me.”  Chris headed toward the car with Amy in tow.
“I’m sorry about your Da Chris.  I don’t know what I would do without mine.”
“Thanks Amy, it’s been hard on my Mom and me but it gets easier with time.”
“I’ll bet.  But I have to tell you that your date rating just went up a few points.  Is that a DVD in there?  Well you do know how to make a girl feel special.”
“Well I can tell you that you are the second person who has ridden in it.  Duff got the first ride last night.  Hope you can handle that.”
Amy smiled, “Ya I can handle that.”
Chris made it a point to have the date all set up.  Dinner was at the Captains Table a restaurant that required a membership just to sit down to eat.  Chris had mowed the owner’s lawn when he was a kid.  He had called and asked if he could bring a date to dinner there.  Mark told him he was welcome any time and that he would reserve a table down front.  “Marie is playing this weekend, but I’ll bet you knew that.”
“I did, but thanks for the info.”
“You gonna sit in?”
“I might.  I’ll talk to Mari when I get there.”
“You know she loves it when you do.  I’ll tell her your coming.”
“Thanks Mark, we’ll be there around 9 PM.” 
Because the tourist season was winding down now that school had started the drive to the cape took less than an hour.  They pulled into the restaurant at 8:45 PM.  
“I’ve never been to the cape,” said Amy.
“Well on behalf of Cape Cod welcome.  I think you’re going to like it.”  Chris jumped out of the car and opened the door for Amy.  He offered his arm and she took it as he walked her into Captain’s Table.
The place was stunning with 3 glass walls that overlooked the harbor.  The fourth wall was covered by the bar and swinging doors leading into the kitchen.  When Mark spotted Chris he made his way across the room and grabbed him in a massive bear hug.  “Good to see you Chris, it’s good to have you back.”  Chris returned the hug.  Mark had been one of the people who came to make sure Chris was all right after his dad died.  Chris looked at Mark as one of his adopted dads.  Mark eventually released his grip on Chris and shifted his gaze to Amy.  “And just who is this vision of Irish femininity.”  
Chris turned three shades of red and said, “Mark, this is Amy and she just arrived in America from Ireland.”
Marks smile broadened and walked over to Amy and gave her a gentle embrace.  “Welcome to my restaurant Amy and welcome to America.”
Amy hugged Mark back and said, “Thank you Mark.  It’s a pleasure to be here.”  When Amy released Mark he followed suit and led them to a table with a reserved sign.
Mark grabbed the sign and looked at Chris.  “Mari is dying to see you.  Berkstrom says if you wreak his drums he will break you like the twig you are.”  Both men laughed.
Chris pulled Amy’s chair and ordered her a drink then excused himself from the table.  “I need to say hi to an old friend.  I won’t be long.”  Chris went through the kitchen and to the green room where the band waited to go on.
Chris knocked.  “Come in,” came a call from behind the door.  When Chris opened the door Marie Marcus the queen of Jazz jumped from the couch and ran, well ran as well as an 80 year old women can, and grabbed Chris.  The rest of the band got to their feet and gathered around shaking hands and giving hugs.  “You are sitting in, and I’m sorry if that sounded like a question.”  Marie waited for Chris to say yes.
“I’d love to if Steve will let me at his kit.”
“Have you been practicing?” Steve Burkstrom asked Chris
“I have right up until school started, but I still have a set of sticks in my dorm room.”
Steve walked over and ruffled Chris’s hair.  “Good enough for me.”
With that settled Marie and Chris talked for a few minutes.  Chris told her about Amy, the car, and school.  Marie filled Chris in on the fall schedule and gave Chris her new CD.  Marie also asked about Ruthie and Chris told her she was as fine and as sassy as ever.
Chris interrupted the talk by saying, “I have to get back to my date.  I’ll see you out there.  Break a leg.”
Marie laughed and said, “See you out there.  Enjoy your date.  Love you Chris.”
“I love you to Marie.”  Chris left the green room and back to the table.  “Sorry I took so long.  I had to catch Marie up on the goings on in my life.”
“Should I be jealous of Marie?  Amy got a smirk on her face.  
“No, sorry no Marie is in her 80’s.  She is an old friend of my families.”
“Chris, relax.  I saw her picture on the billboard outside.  I was just kidding.  You know you have got to relax.  You are wound pretty tight.”
“I would relax if I wasn’t with you.”
Amy’s look of surprise and hurt took a second to register with Chris.  When he realized what he had said he immediately started talking again.
“No, that’s not what I meant.  Amy, I’m sorry.  What I meant to say was I have a hard time relaxing around such a beautiful women for fear I am going to say the wrong thing and offend you.  Looks like I have done just that.  I’m sorry Amy.  You are just the most beautiful women I have ever met and I don’t want to screw this up.”
“You think I’m beautiful,” Amy asked?
“I think you are the most beautiful women in the world.  I love your smile, your eyes and your sense of humor.”
“Well Chris you need to just relax.  I’m not going anywhere.  I think you are a handsome man yourself.  I love your eyes, your smile, and the way you treat me, but I’m not made of glass. I won’t break I promise.”  Amy smiled and looked Chris in the eyes.  “Can we just both relax and enjoy tonight?”
“Yes we can my lady.”  Chris was smiling and made a flourish with his hand.
They both laughed as the waiter brought their meals.  The food as always was fantastic.  Chris enjoyed a lobster and Amy had the steamed clams and broiled haddock.  Both talked during the meal and by the time the band started they were enjoying coffee.
“Wow Marie’s band is wonderful.  I’ve never heard anyone like them.”
“They have been playing on the Cape for over 40 years.  They are a staple around here and they draw Jazz lovers from all over New England.  I have been listening to them since I was 5.  Mom and Dad used to catch them whenever they were in town.”
They both watched the band play and half way through the second set Marie spoke.  “We have a special guest with us tonight.  This man’s father and uncle both drove for the band for many years.  Our drummer Steve taught the young man to play when they were on the bus together.  Please give a warm welcome to Chris O’Driscoll.”  
The room politely clapped for Chris as he got up and took the stage.  Steve made a scene of handing the sticks to Chris which brought a round of laughter.  Chris faked not knowing how to hold the sticks.  Steve ran back to the set and showed him how.  This brought another round of laughter.  
“Chris sits in with us from time to time,” Marie said.  “I think you are going to enjoy this folks.  Chris count us in.”
Chris just stared at Marie with a questioned look on his face.
Marie laughed this time.  “I guess I’m getting old, I forgot to tell Chris which song.”  The crowd joined Marie as she laughed at herself.  “Let’s do “Whatever Lola Wants” by Sarah Vaughn.”
Chris counted out 4 beats and Marie began playing.  Chris didn’t miss a beat.  The crowd was really enjoying the tune and a few couples got up to dance.
Steve made his way to Chris’s table asked Amy if she would like to dance.  She smiled and took his hand saying, “I’d love to.”  Chris watched as Steve lead Amy to the dance floor and the two of them drifted.  Chris knew Steve could dance but he was very surprised to see Amy able to keep up with him.  Chris smiled at Steve who returned the smile and waved for Chris to continue to play.  After the song ended Amy and Steve returned to their seats.
“So what do you think of our boy so far,” Steve asked?
“Well this is our second date but I think he is cute and amazing on the drums.”  Amy smiled and asked, “What is the deal with him.  He seems too good to be true.”
“Amy, Chris is everything you see.  He comes from a loving and close family.  After his dad died his uncles took over making sure Chris grew up right.  I wish I could tell you some deep dark secret about him but there just isn’t any.”
“Well that’s good to know.  I guess I can feel a little safer.”
“Amy, Chris likes you a lot.  He never brings a date with him to a show.  You must be something special.”
Amy blushed.  “Thanks Steve.”
“I better get back to work.  I don’t want Marie to consider replacing me with Chris.”  They laughed as Steve got up and returned to the stage.”  Steve made a show of kicking Chris off his throne.  Everyone laughed.
“God thing you came back Steve.”  Marie was smiling a big happy smile.  “I was just going to try and convince Chris to quit college and go to work for the band.”
“Thanks for the support Marie.  I appreciate knowing my job is so secure.”  Everyone was laughing now.
Marie said, “Ladies and gentleman Chris O’Driscoll.”  She clapped and the room erupted with applause.  “And please give a round to Steve Burkstrom.  He’s old but he can still slap them skins.”  The applause continued.  Steve did a little salute with his sticks.  Chris turned back toward Steve and clapped as well.
“Well that was fun,” Chris said as he sat down next to Amy.
“I’d say so.  That Steve can really dance.  I had a wonderful time on the dance floor.”  Amy smiled and Chris got a look of concern on his face.  After a few minutes Chris realized Amy was teasing him and he smiled at her.
“That’s it Chris, I think you just relaxed a bit.”  Amy took Chris’s hand and the two laughed.  Chris leaned in and kissed Amy lightly on the lips.  Amy returned the kiss.   
At midnight Chris suggested they head home.  Amy reluctantly agreed.  In her heart she wanted this evening to go on forever.  Chris felt the same way.  
CHAPTER 8
Chris dropped Amy off at the pub.  They spent the next 15 minutes kissing in the front seat of his car.  “Hmm, I guess Duff was right.”  Chris got an evil smile on his face.
“Right about what,” Amy asked?
“Well he told me this care was a babe magnet.  He was right I scored a babe.”
“Well I’m glad you think so.”  Amy smiled and started kissing him again.
After a few more minutes there was a knock at the driver’s window.  “Hey boy, what ya doin to my daughter.”  Chris jumped and looked up to see Mike.
“Nothing sir.  We were just kissing.”
“Sod off Da,” Amy was glaring at Mike.  I am a big girl and if I want to kiss him I will.
“Well then, OK,” Mike started to laugh and so did Amy.  Chris smiled at the joke as his breath returned to him.
“He loves to do that Chris.  Pay him no mind.”  Amy smiled and Chris well his heart skipped a beat.
“God you are beautiful Amy.”
“That’s what you keep saying.  Listen Chris I had a great time tonight but I need to catch a ride home with my Da.”
“No problem.  Can I see you on Sunday?”
“We’ve got mass in the morning but afternoon I’m free.”
“How about I meet you for church then we go out for lunch?”
“Sure, I’d like that.  Pick me up here at 9:00am OK?”
“Perfect, see you then.”  Chris kissed Amy once more and got out of the car to open the door for her.
Mike watched and smiled at Chris and Amy.  There is nothing better than for a father to see his daughter treated right by a guy, Mike thought.
Chris waved as they drove off.  He got in his car and headed back to the dorm.  When he entered his room Duff was still awake and smiled at Chris.
“So, how did it go?  What did she think of the car?  Are you going to see her again?”  Duff fired question upon question at Chris.
“The date was great.  She loved the car.  We are going to Mass then lunch on Sunday.  Now that is all you get tonight.  I’m tired and need some sleep.”  Chris got out of his clothes and fell on his bed.  Within 20 minutes he was dead to the world.  He dreamt of Amy and the kisses they shared in his car.
The next morning at 7:00am he woke to the sounds of police sirens.  Duff came walking into the room as Chris woke.  “What’s going on out there?”
“Well buddy, we just had our first murder.”
“What are you talking about?”  Chris wiped the sleep from his eyes.
“A female student was murdered last night and they found her body this morning.  She was laid out in front of Harrison hall.  She is still there if you want to see her.”
Chris climbed out of bed and threw on the clothes he wore last night then walked with Duff over to the crime scene.  There on the ground was a young women her eyes open in that fixed stare that told Chris she would never blink them again.  Her legs were bent in an unnatural position and her arms were tied behind her back.  It was more than Chris and Duff could handle and they turned ran to the nearest tree and promptly threw up.  When Chris saw Duff loose it he lost it again.  Duff did the same thing and after a few minutes they spit and walked back to their dorm.
Chris flopped on his bed.  “That was awful.  I’ve never seen anything like that before.  I don’t think that image will ever get out of my head.”
Duff sat on the edge of his unmade bed and said, “I’ve got to agree with you.  When I heard about it I came to get you right away.  She looked scared.”
“Ya that’s a good way to describe it.  Did you see the marks on her neck?  I’ll bet she was strangled.”  Chris kept looking at the floor.  
“Man that was intense.”  Duff was still white faced from throwing up so much.
“I want to go back there and watch the investigation.  Do you want to come with me?”
“Ya, but I’m not sure why.  I feel like we owe it to her.”
They walked back to the crime scene and stood behind the yellow tape that had been put up.  A couple of officers who had seen them blow chunks exchanged a laugh. 
A large detective walked over to them and opened his notebook.  “Who are you two?”
“I’m Chris O’Driscoll and this is my roommate Jack Dufrey.”  Chris took a deep breath.  “Why do you need to know?”
The detective looked at Chris with stern eyes.  “We have to get all the names and addresses of the onlookers.  Sometime the killer comes back to watch us work.  It makes them feel powerful.  Do you two feel powerful?”
“Actually detective I feel powerless.  When we saw her we both puked over at that tree.”
“I know kid.  I was just pulling your chain.  Do you know her or anything about her?”
“Not me, how about you Duff?”
“Me neither.  Though I wish I did.”
“Why’s that Duff is it?”
“I look after my friends and maybe we could have prevented this from happening.”
“Don’t think like that kid.  There was nothing you could have done.  Here take my card.  If you think of anything give me a call.  My cell is listed on the back.  As far as the two officers who were laughing at you, just ignore them.  The minute you stop being effected by a site like this is the moment you have real problems.”
“Thanks detective.  If we come up with anything we will give you a call.”  Chris took the card and put it in his pocket.
The detective headed back to the body.  The medical examiner had arrived.  Before he greeted the ME he called out to the two cops standing around.  “Do you assholes have anything better to do than laugh at a couple of kids.  Start taking names and begin a canvas of every room in Harrison Hall.”
The cops muttered something under their breath and began working.
Duff smiled at Chris, “Guess he told them.”  Both Chris and Duff smirked.  
The ME took the body away after another hour of photographs and measurements.  The boys stayed until the detective left then returned to their dorm room.
Chapter 9
The school worked to make all the students safe.  There was a buddy policy put in place and a curfew of midnight except for those who were working.  Chris and Duff continued their classes and hoped that the police would arrest someone soon.  But as days turned to weeks then weeks to months nothing was happening.  Chris was wondering what was happening with the case and decided to call the Detective.  He still had the card.  He locked himself in the room then called.
“Hello.  This is Detective Barnes.” 
“Hello Detective this is Chris O’Driscoll.  Did I catch you at a good time?”
“Sure kid now’s as good as any.  What’s on your mind?”
“Well it has been almost 7 months since the murder and I was wondering what was happening with the case.  Can you tell me anything?”  Chris was nervous as he waited for the Detective to respond.
“Well kid I hate to tell you this but the case has gone cold.  We tracked every lead we had but nothing panned out.”
“What does that mean really?”
“It means no one is actively working the case.  If another lead is uncovered then we will reopen the case but pending that nothing more will happen.  It’s the way these things work.  Sorry kid.”
“Thanks for your time Detective.  I appreciate your honesty and frankness.  Bye.”  Before Detective Barnes could say anything else Chris clicked the phone off.  He sat there thinking of what he should do.  It was wrong to stop looking into the case.  Someone had to solve it. 
The school year ended with no status change on the murder.  Chris had a summer job set up on the Cape and would spend his days off in New Hampshire with Amy.  During the summer their loved bloomed.  Amy found reasons to come to the Cape and spend a few days each week with Chris.  Ruthie had set up the spare bedroom for Amy and gave her a key so she could come and go as she liked.
Ruthie is not a prude but she did have one rule that she asked the kids to follow.  “Not in my home.”  I know you two will do what you want but please not in my home.  It is the only rule I have and I want to be respected on this issue.”  Chris and Amy both agreed to respect Ruthie’s home rules.
When Chris and Amy had driven down the road Amy said, “Well that was an uncomfortable discussion.”
“Na.  She was just being honest.  In our home honesty is respected about all else.  She was not judging us on what we do.  She was just asking that we respect her home.  I’ve heard this before.  It’s no biggie, we just have to go to the dunes on Sandy Neck if we want to, well you know.”  Chris got an evil grin on his face.  
“How does she even know?  You didn’t tell your mom.  I am mortified.  I don’t think I can ever go over to your house again and look her in the eyes.  Why would you do that to me?”
“First off I told you about honesty in our home.  She asked how our relationship was going so I told her.  You need to understand my mom is a Social Worker.  She knows what goes on in relationships and she is not going to expect you or me to be any different than any normal healthy people our age.  She demands I use birth control and recommended you use it too.  I can also tell you that if anything is wrong in our relationship she will be the first one too point it out.  Trust me you can talk to her about anything.  It’s one of the greatest things about my family.  If we find a problem we talk it out and work it out.  As far as doing anything to you, the only thing I did was make sure we have a good relationship.  You need to accept that.  It’s the only rule I have.”
“And if I can’t?”
“Then that will be your loss Amy.  I can’t just clam up on my family, we are close.  I want you to be comfortable with them as well.  You have to know I love you and plan on you being in my life for a long time.  Remember when we first went out and you told me to relax?”
“Yes.”
“Well now it’s your turn.  Relax, please.”  Chris pulled Amy close and kissed her as he turned into the parking area at Sandy Neck.
“Ok, mister.  I get it.  I just have to get used to the idea.”  Amy smiled at Chris.  “Where are we?”
“Sandy Neck,” was all Chris said.
“And just what do you intend to do here?”
“Well Amy I plan on showing you our summer bedroom.”  Chris tried to look innocent but it failed.
Amy chuckled and said, “Gee I hope it has an ocean view.”
“Oh trust me little girl it has a great view.”  They both walked into the dunes laughing.  
After a few hours the sun was starting to go down.  Chris and Amy walked out hand in hand and climbed into Chris’s car to head home.  
“I think I’m going to tell your mom that you are good at that.”  Amy looked at Chris smiling.
“I’m sure she knows,” Chris chuckled.  “After all sex education with my mother not only covers the basics but she has a satisfaction section as well.  I passed with straight A’s”
“You’re kidding right?”
“I wish I was.  She used to teach Sex Education at the High School level.  I had to take the class.  But she used her maiden name so only my friends knew who she was.  I swore them to secrecy under penalty of death.  It was a tough year.”  Chris’s face flushed bright red.
Amy saw his situation and took pity on him.  “I’m sorry that happened Chris.  It must have been awful for you.”  Amy gave Chris a sad smile.
“Thank Amy, it wasn’t so bad.  It just seems weird that my major source of sex education came from my mom.”  He laughed a bit then pulled Amy closer to him.  “I’ll live.  Just try to open up to Ruthie if she asks.  I know it seems strange and different from most families but she is who she is and I love her for the way she has raised me.”
“I’ll try,” Amy said.
The two of them road the rest of the way home in silence with Amy cuddled up to Chris’s arm.
CHAPTER 10

 The summer ended way too soon and the school year brought a special set of surprises for Chris.  After the first day of classes were over Chris headed to meet up with Amy at her house.  When he got there he noticed several packing boxes on the front porch.  He spotted Duff bringing another box out front.
“What are you doing here,” Chris asked Duff as he set the box down with the others.
Duff looked up, saw Chris, and without answering turned and ran into the house calling for Amy.
Chris stood in the driveway with a puzzled look on his face.  Amy came out the door and ran down the driveway toward Chris.  They embraced and kissed.  Chris broke off the kiss and asked, “Can you explain to me why my roommate ran away from me when I pulled up and why is he here at all?”
Amy got an evil grin on her face.  “Oh he was just helping me.  You didn’t get jealous did you?” 
“Well ya a little.  What is going on?”
Amy smiled and said, “He is helping me move into my new apartment.”
“Why didn’t you tell me I would have helped?”
“Well honey I wanted to surprise you.  I have some news.  I started college today and I am moving into an apartment on campus.  We are now officially going to school together.  Are you surprised?”
“Surprised, yes I’m surprised.”  Chris kissed Amy and lifted her off the ground and spun her around as the kissing continued.  “This is wonderful news.”
“Duff, you can come out now,” Amy called.
Duff opened the screen door and walked slowly out carrying another box.  As he put the box on the growing pile he asked, “Does he know everything?”
“Yup I just got done telling him.”
“Sorry buddy but she swore me to secrecy and I don’t want to get on her bad side if you know what I mean.”  Duff was making gorilla gestures behind Amy’s back. 
  Chris smiled at Duff as he got the reference to Mike, Amy’s dad.  “No problem.  Well let me give you both a hand.”  Duff and Chris loaded Mike’s car and discovered they only had a couple more boxes to take Chris told Duff to give him a hand loading them into Chris’s car.  The three headed over to the new apartment.
Amy unlocked the front door and instructed the boys where to put all the boxes.  “You two work well together,” Amy told the boys after the last box was brought in.  “My Da told me that anyone who helped eats and drinks for free after I am moved.  Well boys I am moved.  Who’s up for dinner and drinks?”
In response Chris looped his arm in Amy’s left and Duff looped her right and the three walked out to the car laughing.  During dinner Amy leaned over and gave Duff a kiss on the cheek.  
“Thanks Duff, I couldn’t have done it without your help.”  Duff blushed and Amy smiled at him.
“What am I chopped liver?”  Chris put a pout on his face.
Amy just smiled at him and said, “You’ll get more than a kiss when we get home tonight.”
“Well that’s better,” Chris smiled.
The group made an early night of it.  Duff headed back to the dorm.  Amy and Chris headed back to her new apartment.  The spent the night in each other’s arms.
CHAPTER 11
The next few months were a blur to Chris.  His relationship with Amy proceeded on a positive track.  He was sure that she was the one.  Amy never had a doubt either.  They spoke of the children they would have together, the lives that they would lead.  Chris was going to be a pilot and work for a major airline.  Amy was studying anthropology like her mom.  Amy and Ruthie had grown close after Amy got over her fear of being honest with Ruthie.  Ruthie was also in love with Amy and treated her like she was Ruthie’s own daughter.  Mike and Ruthie had taken to gardening together at Ruthie’s place.  They would sit and talk for hours.  They became good friends.
Chris had taken to bringing Amy over to his dorm room.  Duff and Amy became good friends and enjoyed talking about Chris.  Between the two of them they kept him in line.
On the day before Christmas break was to start Duff woke Chris and Amy as they slept in Chris’s bed.  “What is it Duff we don’t have to get up until 9:30 this morning.”  Chris was blinking at the sun as it shone in his window.
“They found another one.”
“Another what?”
“Another girl murdered.”
Chris snapped out of bed and woke Amy.  “Amy there has been another murder.  Get up.”
Amy slowly got out of bed and stretched.  “What did you say?”
“There has been another murder on campus.”  Chris said as he was putting on his pants.  “Duff and I are heading over to the crime scene.  It is in front of Harrison Hall.  Do you want us to wait for you?”
“No you go ahead.  I’ll catch up.”  Amy kissed Chris.  He and Duff headed out to the crime scene. 
“She is laid out just like the last one,” Chris told Duff.
“I noticed that.  But this one was stabbed instead of strangled.  See there are no marks on her neck.  Do you think the same guy did it?”
“I’d bet on it.  The way the body is positioned.”
A piece of paper blew across the lawn until it landed at Chris’s feet.  Chris was going to ignore it at first but he saw the doodles on the page and picked it up.  He carefully opened the page and was shocked to find doodles of a young women stabbed several times with blood coming from the chest. 
“Whatcha got there Chris?”  Detective Barnes asked as he looked down at the paper in Chris’s hand.
“I just picked it up off the ground.  It was blowing around in the grass.”  Chris handed the paper to the detective.
Barnes unfolded it and looked at the doodles.  “This is pretty sick stuff.”  Barnes waved to a crime scene technician and he carried over a plastic bag to collect the page from him.  One it was inside the bag Barnes turned back to Chris.  “Good catch Chris.  This might give us some insight into who is doing this.”
“You’re welcome Detective.  Glad I found.  Hope it helps solve both murders.”
Barnes had already left Chris and was deep in thought as he walked back to the crime scene.

CHAPTER 12
 
Chris went home for the summer and worked the boats with his grandfather.  Working the lobster boats was a great way to make money over the summer.  It was especially true when he was on his grandfathers boats.  Amy had returned for the summer to Ireland to visit her grandmother and grandfather.  She missed her home and felt it was the perfect time since she didn’t really need to work during the summer to pay for her school.  Her scholarship covered everything so her only need was spending money and she could make that working at her Da’s pub during the school year.  They stayed in touch over the summer with phone calls and steamy letters to each other.  
The school year started with little fanfare.  The three friends hooked up at Mike’s after everyone was moved in and ready for school to start.  They all caught up on what had happened over the summer and enjoyed the comfort of each other’s company.  Everything fell into the usual routine and Chris and Amy spent most nights together sometimes at Chris’s room and sometimes at Amy’s.  When Duff would come back to the room and found them together he would just walk down the hall to the RA’s room and crash there.
It was August 23rd and Chris and Amy had spent the evening together in Chris’s room.  They made love and then just held each other talking about how happy they were now and would be when they were married.  Chris described the house he would build for her and she described the children she would build for him.
“It’s getting late and I have an early test tomorrow and I’m not going to get any studying done laying naked here with you all night,” she smiled and started to get up.  
Chris wrapped his arms around her waist and pulled her back down on top of him.  “Study this,” Chris pulled her head down and their lips met.  The kiss was warm and filled with the sparks only found in young love.
“Chris, I mean it, I have to go,” Amy said, again pushing herself up.  “Your kisses are good and all but I have a scholarship and I can’t risk my grades falling.”
Chris released his grip and started to get up and get dressed.  “Give me a sec and I’ll walk you back to your dorm.”
“No.  Don’t get up.  I can walk back to my room by myself, besides I want to remember you just like you are now all naked and lying there.  You are so cute.”
“Cute!  Cute?  Wouldn’t a better description be sexy or maybe studdly,” Chris smiled?
“Oh ya, you’re that too.  But I think you’re cute.  Deal with it Romeo,” she laughed.
“Really,” Chris said his face turning serious for a moment.  “I can walk you home.”
“How about this, I walk home alone tonight and you promise to meet me for breakfast?  How does that sound?”  Amy softly stroked his hair and brushed a curl from his forehead.
“I’ll pick you up at eight and take you to Dunkin, how’s that sound?”
“Great.”  Amy leaned over his face and kissed him one last time.  She whispered in his ear, “I love you and yes you are sexy.”  With that Amy stood and walked out of his room, never looking back.
Chris fell asleep and dreamt of little children calling him Da running and jumping into piles of leaves he had just raked up.

CHAPTER 13

The next morning Chris awoke to pounding on his door.  “Chris, unlock the door!  Get up man!  Chris, something really bad has happened!  Open up man!”  Duff continued to pound on the door and yell to his friend.  Other dorm mates woke to the commotion and poked their heads into the common room.  
“What the hell Duff?  It’s six thirty in the morning,” the other dorm mates yelled.  “Shut up we’re trying to sleep.”
Duff ignored the pleas from the others and kept pounding and yelling until Chris open the door.  “Get dressed.  You have to come with me now.”
“Duff, what’s going on,” Chris rubbed the sleep out of his eyes?  
Before Chris could continue Duff said, “It’s Amy, there been a…an accident!”   
Although Duff was talking the entire way Chris didn’t remember what he put on or how he got to her dorm.  What he did remember was Amy’s twisted body on the front yard, and the blood.  The blood was everywhere.  Chris ran to her body and picked her up in his arms.  Several policemen grabbed him, forced him to release his grip on Amy.  Still holding both his arms behind his back the officers dragged him to the detective in charge.  Chris was out of his mind with grief.  “Amy,” he screamed.  Duff tried to help but was ordered to get behind the tape.  “Amy,” Chris screamed again sobbing uncontrollably.
The detective put his hand on Chris’s shoulder.  “It’s all right son, everything is going to be all right.”
Chris collapsed in the officers arms; they lowered him to the ground and let him weep.  Duff was behind the tape when one of the officers waved him back inside the tape.  Duff ran and slid into Chris and wrapped his arms around his friend.  Duff was crying too and kept saying to Chris, “I’m sorry dude, I’m so sorry.”
“Chris you got to let her go.  We need to figure out what happened here,” Detective Barnes told Chris with his hand on Chris’s shoulder.
The rage grew within Chris.  “What do you mean figure out what happened here?  The woman who I was going to marry and spend my life with is dead you stupid ass.  If you had done your job after the first two murders she would not be here now.  Leave her alone.  I don’t want your grubby hands on her.  Just get away.”  Chris flung the detective’s arm away and pulled Amy even closer to himself.
Detective Barnes fought the urge to yank Chris away from the body and off the crime scene.  He managed to hold his tongue and motion to Duff who stood up and walked over to talk with Barnes.
“What’s up,” Duff said through the tears running down his face.
“I need you to get Chris out of here.  What we have to do now you don’t want him to see.”
Duff nodded his understanding and walked back to Chris.  “Come on buddy, she’s gone we need to let them take her.”
“I can’t Duff.  If they take her she will be gone forever.”  The tears streamed down Chris’s face.
“I know pal.  I know.  Come on, let’s get out of here.  We need to call Mike anyway.”
Chris released his hold on Amy and laid her gently on the grass.  All the while he cried unashamed.  He kissed her cheek and told her he loved her one last time then with Duff’s help he stood to go.  Duff led him across the lawn and to Chris’s car.  He put Chris in the passenger seat, climbed into the driver’s seat and asked Chris for the keys.  Between sobs Chris handed his friend the keys.
Duff drove to Mike’s home.  He would still be sleeping after closing up last night at 2AM.  He knocked at the door and waited for the big man to open the door.
Mike was half asleep when he opened the door and Duff and Chris.  Chris was crying as he said to Mike, “She’s dead Mike.  They found her body this morning outside Harris Hall.”
Mike’s knees went weak and he fell to the floor.  Duff reached for him but could not stop Mike in time.  Both boys knelt in front of him and helped him back to his feet.  
Chris was the first to speak.  “I’m sorry Mike.  She wanted to walk home last night and study.  I was going to meet her for breakfast.  I guess she never made it home.  I’m so sorry Mike.”
Before either Chris or Duff could react Mike punched Chris square in the jaw with a mighty right cross.  Chris flew off his feet and landed in the grass two steps below the front door.  “It’s your fault you son of a bitch.  If she hadn’t been with you she would still be alive.”
Duff stood between the two.  Chris just hung his head and wept.  “Mike’s right.  If I had walked her home she would still be alive.  I killed her.”  Chris sobbed and shook as the tears continued to fall.
Mike look at Chris and his heart broke.  He crossed the distance between them and knelt to Chris and took him in his massive arms.  “I’m sorry Chris.  It’s not your fault.  She was always stubborn.  If she wanted to walk home alone she would have no matter what you said.”  Mike was weeping now and the two held each other as they shared their loss.  Duff turned and sat on the stoop.  He joined them in weeping for Amy.

CHAPTER 14
   
Mike, Chris, and Duff sat in the empty pub drinking Bushmills 1608.  The three were drunk, angry and heartbroken.  Amy lay in a casket at the end of the bar.  Friends had come for the wake hours ago leaving them with words of concern and sorrow for their loss.  But tonight words rang hollow.  As each glass was emptied Mike filled it again not caring that the toffee smooth scotch cost $100.00 per bottle.  Tonight was about drowning sorrows and finding a way to go on.
“What am I going to do without my little girl?” Mike asked no one in particular.
“What am I going to do without my love?”  Chris asked.
“How long are we going to keep acting like victims?”  Duff asked and stared at the two men in front of him.
“What do you mean,” Chris asked?
“I mean it is obvious that the police and detective Barnes have no clue how to solve this case.  I think we should solve this case ourselves.”
“I’m with Duff,” Mike slurred.  “Good idea Duff.”
“But we aren’t detectives.  What can we do?”  Chris looked at both men with whisky glazed eyes.  
“We can’t do any worse than they have done and it will give us something constructive to do.  Plus we don’t have to obey all the rules they do.  I mean if we suspect someone we can call Mike and just beat a confession out of um.”  Duff was animated as he spoke smashing a fist into his hand.
“Right,” Mike yelled out punching his fist into the air.
“You’re right Duff.  We can solve this thing.  Mike we are going to find out who killed Amy and the other girls, and then we are going to bring them to you and you can beat them to death!”
“Yeah,” Both Mike and Duff cheered.
Mike raised his glass, “To Amy, Nár laga Dia do lámh.”
Chris smiled and asked, “What does that mean?”
“May God not weaken my hand.”
All three put down the shots in one gulp and slammed the glass down on the table.  Mike filled them again and said, “Sláinte, Health.”
“Health,” Chris and Duff yelled and gulped the whiskey and slammed the glass again to the table.
Chris looked at both men smiled closed his eyes and immediately passed out cold falling off the back of the stool.  Duff and Mike burst out laughing.  Duff got a funny look on his face and joined Chris out cold on the floor.  Mike smiled at Chris and Duff, took another drink, and laid his head on the table snoring loud enough to wake the dead.
It was 11AM the next morning when Danielle, one of the servers, arrived to start her shift.  She walked over to the table and shook Mike.
“Huh, Dani what are you doin here?”  Mike rubbed his head as the pain hit him.
“Starting my shift Mike.  It’s 11AM.”  She smiled at her boss and chortled as she looked at Chris and Duff sound asleep on the floor.
Mike signaled her to keep the laughter and talking quiet.  “Better put some coffee on and unlock the back door for the funeral home.  They should be here in half an hour.”
Dani set about the tasks Mike gave her.  She stopped at the coffin still open at the end of the bar and looked down at Amy.  “Sleep well little one.  We’ll miss you.”
Mike came up behind her and smiled, “Thanks Dani.”  He closed the lid then wiped a tear from his eye.
Mike walked back to Chris and Duff who were still out cold on the floor.  “Wake up boys.  It’s time to go home.”
Chris and Duff opened their eyes and groaned at the brightness from the work lights that were on in the pub.  “What time is it,” Chris asked?
“About 11AM,” Mike told them.  “Do either of you remember much about last night?  I kinda have it in my head that we are going to solve Amy’s murder ourselves.”
“We are,” Duff spoke up first.
“Ya Mike, we decided last night about half way through that bottle.   If you guys are still in so am I.”  Chris looked expectantly at Mike and Duff.
“I’m in,” Mike said.
“Me too,” Duff responded.
“Then I guess we better get started.  But first I need some coffee and breakfast.”
“I need some coffee too,” Duff smiled at Mike.
“Dani has a pot on.  I’ll go in the back and make some eggs and rashers.”
“Thanks Mike.  You have got to tell me how you’re not hung over?”
“Oh, I’m hung over.  I just refuse to let you two see it.”  Mike laughed and immediately grabbed his forehead in pain.
Chris and Duff climbed off the floor and sat back down on the stools they had fallen off of last night.  Mike made breakfast and Dani kept the coffee flowing.  After breakfast the boys headed back to the dorm.  The funeral was slated for the following morning.  The attendance was comforting to Mike and Chris.  Duff stood off to the side and made sure nothing and nobody bothered Mike and Chris.
After the funeral an open house was held at Mike’s.  By the end of the day everyone was exhausted.  As Chris and Duff headed to the door after cleaning up Mike’s place Mike asked, “So we get started tomorrow?”
Chris looked at the forlorn father and said, “First thing in the morning we are going to get the door logs to all the dorms and classrooms.  That will give us a master list to work from.”
“Good,” was all Mike said as he closed the front door behind them.

CHAPTER 15wwww

Getting the logs proved harder than they had anticipated.  “Who knew they kept those logs secured on the network server?”  Chris looked at Duff, “Any ideas?”
“Just one, I play hockey with one of the network administrators.  He is a major geek but he knows his stuff.  I’ll bet he’ll help us out if we ask.”
Duff knocked at the door to Troy’s office.  “Come,” came the response from the other side of the door.  Troy looked up from his screen and smiled.  “Duff buddy what are doing here?  Is that Chris with you?”
“Hey Troy, how are you doing?”  Chris could not look him in the eye, he just stared at all the computer monitors on his desk.  “Sweet setup.”
“Sorry about Amy, Chris.”  Troy’s face showed the pain he knew Chris was in.
Duff interrupted sensing Chris was getting uncomfortable.  “Troy, we need a favor.”
“Sure, what can I do for you?”
“We need a copy of all the door logs on campus for the dates of the murders.”  Duff nervously waited for Troy’s response.
“Dude, I could lose my job over that.  That is secure data.”  Troy bowed his head and thought about it for a minute.  “Wait a minute, the police requested that data about a week ago.  I copied it to our FTP site.  It is still there waiting for pickup.  If you were to make a copy from the FTP site, well that would be beyond my control and responsibility.  It also contains a list of all the student and teacher id’s.”
“Where?” Duff asked.
Troy wrote an address user name and address on a piece of paper and handed it to Duff.  “This will get you in.  The file is password protect as well.  The password is the user name I just gave you.”
“Thanks Troy.”
“Thanks for what?  I didn’t give you anything.”  Troy smiled and returned to his computer screens.
“Right.”  Chris said as they left the office smiling.
They headed to the dorm to get Chris’s laptop.  Using a program called WS-FTP they logged into the site.  Chris copied the file down to his computer and opened it.  “This thing is over 500 pages.  What do we do now?”
Duff smiled and slid the computer so it was facing him.  After an hour Duff asked for the dates and times of the murders.  He entered the information into spreadsheet he had created.  After a couple of minutes pushing the processing power of the old laptop he asked, “You got 50 pages in the printer of yours?”
“Ya, no problem.”  Chris checked the printer’s paper tray and said, “Go for it.”
Duff hit the printer icon and the inkjet started spitting out pages.  It took about 15 minutes to print out the pages but the result was exactly what they needed.  As Chris looked at the pages he was amazed to see the log in and out times and names of each student and faculty member.  
“Can we narrow this down more?”
Duff smiled, “We can do anything we want with the data.”
“Let’s start by removing all the women.”
“Got it, Duff typed into the laptop more and said.  We are down to 20 pages.”
“Let’s remove the faculty from the list.  The murders were all done in the middle of the night.  Chances are the faculty was home asleep.”
“That takes us down to 15 pages.  Can you think of anything else?”
“Not right now but that will give us something to work with.  Good job Duff.”
“Thanks, Mom’s an accountant and works with Excel all the time.  I am a guru with that piece of software.”
Chris laughed, “Be sure to tell Mom thanks for teaching you how to work that program.”
Duff laughed, “I will.”
For the next 2 hours the boys poured over the 15 pages.  They had a list of 35 suspects.  Now they had to dig deeper.  
“We need to approach each of these guys and get a better read on them?”  Chris had highlighted each suspect’s names.  “There are 5 guys here in our dorm.  Let’s put together a little party at Mikes and get them there.  We can loosen up some tongues with Mikes help and maybe we can get some answers.”
“We should check with Mike first, after all some of these guys are underage.”  Duff looked questionably at Chris.
“Mike will go along with this one.  But I will check with him now before we start inviting people.”  Chris dialed his phone and told Mike the plan.  
Mike agreed and offered his party room in the basement.  “I’ll have some music brought in.  The room holds 125 so invite them all.  I’ll work the room too and we can narrow down that list.” 
“Good plan.  I’ll see you tonight.”  Chris smiled as he hung up the phone and told Duff.  “He’s given us the party room and wants us to invite all the suspects.”
Duff laughed, “Well it is the smartest move.  It’s just like in the old movies where the cop would put all the suspects in one room and then, with lots of drama, tell them who done it.”
”That would work except for one thing.”
“What’s that?”
“We have no idea who done it.”
“Yah that could be a problem.”  Chris and Duff laughed.  
Duff printed up the suspect list ordered by dorm and gave Chris half the list.  “Here you invite this half and I’ll take the rest.”
Chris took his half then said, “We may need a reason for this party when we invite these guys.  Any ideas?”
“How about a hockey team party and we are inviting new people to get them excited about the team this year.”
“No, that won’t work.  I know a guys night out party.  We will talk about the women on campus and rate them from 1-10 in the student directory.  Most guys would come out for that and it would keep the conversation focused on our feelings about the women.”
”I like it; I’m heading out now to start the invites.  See you back here at 8 PM.  Let’s start this party at 9 PM.”
“Cool, see you then.”

CHAPTER 16

By the time Chris and Duff arrived at Mike’s pub the place was jumping.  Mike true to his word had a DJ in the basement and free booze filling every glass.
Chris looked around checking off mentally the names of those who were here.  “Mike you are a man of your word.  This is a rockin party!”  
“Thanks Chris.  It’s not hard when you put a couple of kegs on ice and tell a bunch of underage college students to help themselves to the free beer.  I’ve had one of the girls making Jello shots all afternoon.  When the conversation slows down let me know and I’ll bring them down.  That will loosen their tongues.  Also a couple of the girls have called their friends.  There will be a group of 40 women arriving at 10 PM to dance with the boys for an hour.  I’m paying them each 50 bucks for the hour.  None of the girls will be from the school.  We better get this show on the road.” 
“Right, let’s check in every half hour and update the list with the information we have gathered.”  Duff and Mike nodded their approval and began talking to the party goers.  The interesting thing was how forthcoming everyone was with information.   It became obvious that most of these guys had nothing to do with the murders.  With a little effort the list of 35 was reduced to 10 in less than an hour.
Chris walked over to the DJ and asked to use the mike.  The DJ faded the music and handed him the microphone.  “Let’s hear it for DJ Coffee.”  Everyone applauded.  Chris continued, “I have some news for you all.  Some friends have arrived to help this party along.  Please welcome the local ladies.”  An eruption of clapping and hoots filled the room.  The ladies Mike had promised arrived right on cue.  Chris read out the rules Mike had handed him before getting the girls ready.  “Guys, guys listen up for a second.  Mike has requested that you follow some simple rules or risk being thrown out of this most awesome party.  The girls will dance with you, but you must keep your hands to yourself.  You can buy the ladies drinks.  They will like that.  You can order those drinks at the bar.  The ladies do not drink beer so don’t be cheap, it won’t work.   The ladies are only going to be with us for a short time so get to dancing.”
Most of the men went to the ladies right away found dance partners.  DJ Coffee had the place hoping with a dance mix that got the place jumping.   The orders came into the bar for drinks for the ladies.  Mike was smiling and evil grin.
Chris couldn’t resist the urge to ask.  “Mike, why the smile?”
 “Well I have a deal with the ladies.  Whatever drink they order we are going to make it a virgin.  The girls will be paid a buck a drink and the rest goes to the house.  This party will be a money maker within an hour.”  Mike did his best imitation of the evil Dr Frankstein’s laugh.
Chris laughed and said, “Leave it Mike to find a way to make a buck on an investigation.“
Duff added as he laughed, “If the police operated this way there would be no shortfall in the towns yearly budget.”
“I can’t help it if I have a creative mind.”  Mike joined the laughter  
The party was a complete success.  Everyone had a good time and the three men managed to trim the list down to 5 names.  They all felt this was a list they could manage.  After the party ended Mike sat down with the boys at a quiet table. 
“Chris, Duff you 2 have done well.  Out of all the possible suspects we are down to 5.  I don’t want to remove anyone permanently from the list.  If something happens that makes them interesting to us I want to be able add them again to the active list.  Any problems with that?”
Chris said, “No problem at all Mike.  I think you are right.  What do you think Duff?”
“I’m with you 2.  We keep an inactive and active list and we move anyone whose status has changed to the appropriate list.”
“Ok you 2, now that that is settled you need to go home and get some sleep.”  Mike was smiling as he pushed them from the table to the door.
“Will do Mike,” was all they got out before the pub door closed on both of them.  “Guess we’ve been told.”
“In spades,” Duff said.

CHAPTER 17

Chris was up early the next morning and off to Troy’s office.  Troy was not in yet so Chris decided he would catch a bit to eat then come back.  While he was sitting in the cafeteria he caught sight of Troy going through the line getting his own breakfast.  Chris waved Troy over to the table and invited him to sit.  
“I was at your office this morning.”  Chris looked at Troy with a smile on your face.  I wanted to catch you before Duff was up and moving.
“What’s up Chris?”  Troy looked intently at Chris.
“Well first off I wanted to thank you for your non help the other day.  Your information put us on the right track.  We now have a list of 5 suspects and we need to do some more digging into their lives.  I was hoping you would point me in the right direction on where to look on-line.  I wanted to ask you without Duff around so you would feel free to say no without the pressure of the whole hockey buddy thing.”
Troy thought for a moment.  He smiled and said, “I appreciate that.  The hockey team thing can get pretty intense and your right there is a lot of pressure to help each other out.  I can’t tell you the number of times I’m asked to “fix” a grade or alter an attendance record.  I don’t do it, but it is always awkward and some of the guys think they are entitled.  Tell me what you are looking for and I’ll see if I can help.”
“Chris leaned forward and got very quiet.  He thought for a few moments and the addressed Troy.  “I need to look at things like facebook pages, personal web sites, I would love to peek into their email.  Basically I want to peek into their dark secrets.  One of them is guilty and we really need to find out which one.”
Troy looked around the room.  “I can help you with the facebook and web sites.  The email is a different story.  I have a program that if you can run it on their computers it will collect every key stroke they type and it will send it to your email every 12 hours whether they are using their computer or not.  If they miss a sending time the system will send the email the next time they log on to the internet.  If they are like most people they just leave the computer on all the time.  If you have a list of names I can send you the info later this morning.”
“Really?  Here is the list.  Thanks for the help.  What do I have to do to get the key logger programs?”
“Well the key to this program is getting it installed without the use knowing that you did it.  So the best ploy is to imbed the logger into an image file and get them to open the file on their computer.  The trick is to pick a photo and descriptions that will make them want to open the file.”
“Ok so if for the hockey players it was photos of a practice or something that would do it right?”
“Absolutely.  Then you can give it a description of Team Pics.  Now for the rest of them there is one sure way to get them to open it.”
“How?  No wait let me guess.  Porn.”
“Porn keeps the internet running.  Sorry to say but it is true.  There is one thing you can do if we send them the mail from an anonymous server.”
“Tell me.”
“I can create an image that says something like “Shame on You!” when they open it.  It will still deliver the key logger but you don’t want them to know it came from you.  Some guys take their internet porn very seriously.”  Troy laughed and Chris joined in.
“I like it.  Can you do it today?”
“I’ll do it in the next hour and send it out to their school accounts.  I’ll have to disable the virus scanners for a few minutes while I get them past our primary mail server.  Give me a couple of hours to get it all done.  You should be receiving logs by the morning.  Any that don’t go thru we will have to try something else.”
“This isn’t going to get you into any trouble is it?”
“Only if I get caught.  But I don’t get caught.  Besides it is worth it.  This guy has to be stopped and it looks like you have gotten further than the police have in 2 years.”
“I owe you Troy.  If you need anything just give me a call.”
“Well now that you mention it.”
“What?”
“Can I borrow your car this Friday night?  There is a girl I am trying to impress and…”
”Say no more.  It’s the least I can do.  You can get the keys from me anytime Friday.  Just return them by noon on Saturday.  Is that ok?”
The smile on Troy’s face told the whole story.  “Thanks Chris, everybody on campus knows about your cool car.  Jennifer is going to just be blown away.”  Troy stood up and headed toward his office.  “I’ve got work to do.  I’ll E you later.”
“Thanks,” Chris called after Troy who was out the door in a flash.

CHAPTER 18

It took Troy the better part of the day, which is not unusual as IT guys are notorious for not being able to estimate time required, to complete the project.  Chris waited in his room most of the day for the email to arrive.  At 4:30 PM his inbox announced that he had a message.  He opened the mail and downloaded the attachments.  Reading the instructions he created a bogus email account on one of the thousand of free servers on the web.  He started a new email and at Amy and how she hated emails.  “I know you don’t like to use email but I think this time it will be ok,” Chris said to no one in the room.  The DogHouseMail.com did its job and sent out the emails as if they came from someone else.
Within 24 hours the logs started coming in.  It took a while for Chris and Duff to make sense of the log files but after a few hours they had it down to where they could filter out important information in just a few minutes.
“This is amazing,” Duff said.  “It’s like looking over their shoulder.  I can’t believe the information we are collecting.”
“Me either,” Chris smiled at Duff.  “At this rate we should have something soon.”
“I hope so Chris, I feel kinda bad about spying on these guys.  I mean I understand why we are doing it but it doesn’t make it any easier.”
“I know pal.  We just have to keep our eyes on the prize.  We are going to find Amy’s killer.  We have come so far.  It doesn’t make sense to quit now.”
“I’m not suggesting we quit.  I am just saying I feel weird about it.”
The two continued to poor over the logs for the next two weeks.  After class on a Friday Duff found something that really upset him.  He printed out the log file and started highlighting the pages.  One he was done he left the dorm and headed to Mikes knowing Chris would be there.
Duff entered the bar and walked over to Chris’s booth in the back.  He waved at Mike who poured a beer and walked it over to their booth and sat down.  Sliding the beer toward Duff he said, “You look like the cat that ate the mouse.  What’s up?”
Duff took the pages out of his backpack and passed them to Chris.  “Read this,” Duff said.
Chris started reading the highlighted portions of the pages.  As he finished one page he would hand it over to Mike.  Mike pulled a set of reading glasses out of his pocket and read intently.
The quiet was uncomfortable for Duff and he had to fight the urge to say anything to break the silence.  He wanted Chris and Mike to read the transcript without interruption.
It felt like forever before Chris handed the last page to Mike.  He shook his head as Mike finished the last page.  Mike put the last page down.  Duff was the first to speak. 
“I think we have our man.”
Chris added, “I didn’t know there were people like that in the world.”
“I did,” said Mike.  “I just didn’t know they lived so close to me.  Duff who is this guy?  I’m going to pay him a visit tonight.”
Chris looked up at Mike surprised.  “You can’t Mike.”  
“I’m not asking your permission Chris.  This animal killed my little girl.  Payback is due…NOW!”  Mike slammed his fists into the table.  Every eye in the bar turned to look at Mike.  “What?  What the hell are you looking at?”  Everyone returned to their drinks and slowly the conversation volume grew to its normal level.
“Mike I know how you feel.”  Chris placed his hand on the big man’s shoulders.  He squeezed and said, “If we do that we are no better than him.  Besides that isn’t what Amy would want.  She wouldn’t want you to throw away the rest of your life on that piece of crap.”
“Let’s be smart about this,” Duff added.  We don’t have enough yet to prove it was him but we know where to dig.”
“Mike I’m going to take this to Troy and have him get into this guys blog and look for more proof.  My bet is that if he wrote about this he must have written about the murders.  Once we have that information we’ll have him wrapped up for the police.”
“It doesn’t change how I feel Chris.  I want to strangle this guy with my bare hands.”
“We all do Mike.”  Chris slapped Mike on the back.  “We all do.  But we are going to do this right for Amy, the way she would have wanted it to go down.”   Chris and Duff walked out of the pub worried what Mike might due but glad that they had not given him the name of their primary suspect.
Chris alone had the name that matched the log number.  Mat Matlack.

CHAPTER 19
 
Troy was relaxing with his laptop in the quad when Chris and Duff found him.  “Hey guys, how goes the investigation?”
Chris and Duff smiled and sat on the grass facing Troy.  “Good.  In fact that is why we are here.  We have a log that really bothered us.  We think it might be our guy.  But we need to get a look at his log.  Can you get us in?”
“Did you bring the log with you?”  The look on Troy’s face was all business.
“Ya we printed it out.  Here it is,” Chris handed the file folder to Troy.
Troy took the file opened it and started reading.  “This is messed up.”
“No kidding,” Duff replied.
As Troy continued to read a pained look came across his face.  As he finished he took the file and opened his computer and started typing.  “Damn…oh no you don’t…yes my kung foo is stronger than yours.”
“Troy, are you ok,” Chris asked?
“Ya I’m fine.  This guy is a mess.  He thinks he has rock solid security.  He is a “Foolish Boy.”  I have his login and password.”
“What was with the kung foo thing?”  Duff looked at Troy concerned he had a screw loose.
“Oh that.  It’s a reference to an old Bruce Lee movie.  If you are a better hacker than your competition you are said to have stronger kung foo.  Duff just so you know…my kung foo is very strong.”  Troy handed a piece of paper to Chris and said, “You can log in and get all the information you need.  Let me know if I can do any more for you.  This is wicked fun.  I feel like all those years of learning to hack computer systems have just paid off.”
“It has Troy, more than you know.”  Chris and Duff headed back to the dorm to begin work on Mat’s blog.
“I’m in Duff.  I’m just going to print everything.  We can go through it and pull what we need.  Are you cool with that?”
“I’m cool but we are going to need more paper and ink.  I’ll go pick some up.  You keep feeding the printer till I get back.”
“Good plan Duff.  See you in a while.”  Chris went back to the computer and printed page after page.
30 minutes later Duff returned with 2 black ink cartridges and a ream of paper.  “How you doing?”
“I just ran out of ink.  Slap in a new one.  I’ve got about 500 pages in the que.”
Duff opened the ink and placed it in the printer.  He filled the paper try.  “This is going to take a while.  This stupid tray only holds 100 sheets.  You should have bought the laser printer with the twin 500 sheet trays.  We wouldn’t have to keep reloading this old thing.”
Chris smiled at Duff, “I’m sorry my mom’s old ink jet printer does not meet your requirements.  I’ll give her a call and tell her what you need for next semester.”  
Duff just stared at Chris, “Well it’s too late now!  I don’t expect to be solving murders every semester.  Unless you know something I don’t.”
Chris broke out laughing.  “At the rate we are going this may turn into a new career for us.”
“God I hope not.  This whole thing is really creepy.  I just want to stop this guy and forget all about him.”
“Me too Duff.”

CHAPTER 20

The boy read the pages as they spit out from the printer until 3:00 AM.  Both had blood shot eyes from the relentless reading.  Duff was crying as he read the account of Amy’s murder.  
“Chris, I’ve got the proof we need,” Duff said wiping his eyes on his sweatshirt sleeve.
“Really?”  Chris was in shock.  This was what they were both working toward and here is was and he froze afraid to touch the pages in Duff hands.  “Let me read it.”
“I don’t think that is such a great idea.”  Duff pulled the paper closer to his chest.  “I mean it buddy you don’t want to read this.”
“You’re right I don’t but I have too.  So hand it over dude.  I’m ready for it.”
“You think you are but you’re not I promise you.  Let’s just leave it at that.  I’ll tell the cops what we found.  You can keep the image of a loving Amy in your head.  Please Chris I beg you.”
“Duff I have never known you to talk like this.  What’s on those pages?  You better give them to me.  I need to read them.  Thanks for trying to protect me but I intend to see this whole thing through.”
Duff handed the stack of pages to Chris reluctantly.  “The last 4 pages are what you want to read.”
Chris took the pages and thumbed to the end.  He started reading as Duff kept a close eye on him.  By the end of the third page Chris was wiping tears from his eyes.  Duff tried to stay strong but failed and cried along with him.  As Chris was reading the last page Duff went over to his bed reached beneath it and took out a bottle of Jameson.  He grabbed a couple of paper cups and poured three fingers into each glass.  As Chris put the last page down Duff handed him one of the glasses.
“To Amy,” Duff said as he gulped down the warm golden liquid and felt the burn down his throat.  When he finished he looked at Chris who was sitting there looking blankly into space.  “Dude, drink up.”
Chris snapped out of his head and returned to the real world.  He tipped the cup back and swallowed hard as the drink burned its way down his throat to his stomach.  “To Amy.”

CHAPTER 21

The two woke the next morning still feeling the effects of the Jameson.  
“I think we have enough to go to the police,” Chris told Duff.
Duff agreed and they settled for going to the police station after classes for the day.  It was just after 2:00 PM when they met at Chris’s car.  Chris had the folder all organized for the detective.  
“I called the station and they told me Detective Barnes would be in the office all afternoon.  He will see us when we get there.”  Chris smiled at Duff and asked, “You ready?”
“As I ever will be, I guess.  Let’s get this ship out of port and see how she sails.”
They climbed in to the car and drove downtown.  They arrived at 2:20 PM and were told to take a seat on the benches and the detective would come out for them.  Chris and Duff complied and sat on the hard benches with cuff hooks on the arms so there was no real place to put their arms.  During the first hour three drunks came and went from the bench.  One was kind enough to show the boys what he had for lunch.  The stench was no better when a prisoner appeared from behind the electrically locked steel door next to the officer’s desk and mopped up the mess with a cheap pine cleaner and a dirty mop.
Chris leaned over to Duff and said, “I think it was better before the mop.”  Duff chuckled and shook his head in agreement.  
During the second hour of sitting on the bench the police brought in a couple of prostitutes.  They both asked Duff and Chris wanted a date.  Chris blushed and looked down at the floor shaking his head no.  Duff was more inquisitive and asked how much.  The women just smiled and told him not in a police station.  The three of them laughed.
“This is getting old.  We have been here 2 hours now and no sign of him.  How much longer are we going to sit here and be treated like crap by this guy?”  The irritation was evident on his face and in his tone of voice.  
Chris stood and walked over to the officer at the desk and asked if Detective Barnes was coming. 
“Take a seat kid; he’ll get here when he gets here.  He’s a busy man and isn’t going to drop everything to talk to some kid about a cold case.”
Chris turned and headed back to the bench his anger was raising and his patience was gone.  “I’m about done waiting for this jerk.  If he don’t give a damn then I’ll just go over his head.  I’ll bet the Chief of Police will care that a killer is walking around loose.”
“Let’s just show a little patience.  I say we give him till 5:00 then we can go over his head.”  Duff was trying to cool down his friend with not much success.  “Maybe the guy at the desk is just having a rough day and was trying to get a rise out of you.  Don’t give him the satisfaction.”
“You’re right Duff.  Thanks.”  Chris sat down and took several deep breaths.  His anger faded a bit.
At 4:50 PM Barnes came out of the secured area and walked up to Chris.  
“So you two must have something important to say.”  He stood in front of them looking like he was in a hurry to leave for the day.
“We have important information on the killings at UND.  We know who did it sand we have proof.  If we could go somewhere and discuss this we would like to show you the evidence we have collect…”
“Hold it right there Romeo.  You are not a police officer and have no experience solving murders.  What you both need to do is just go home and let the professionals handle this.”  Barnes stood straighter and looked more imposing than he had moments before.  
Chris jumped to his feet and stood nose to nose with the detective.  “Well you haven’t solved the case and he is still killing.  For a professional you’re a bust if you ask me.”  Duff was standing too and had his hand on Chris’s shoulder.
Barnes went red in the face.  “Listen here little boy.  I could have the two of you tossed in jail for interfering with an ongoing police investigation.  Now the two of you just go home now and I’ll forget all about this.  I know you’re upset at the loss of your girlfriend but you can’t go around butting into an official investigation.  Now go home before this gets serious.”
Duff had had enough and pulled Chris back from being in Barnes face.  But rather than leaving the area as Barnes had suggested he took Chris’s place directly in front of Barnes and glared at the detective.  “Your boy at the desk told us this was a cold case, as I understand it that means you are no longer actively working the case, so how about you listen to what we have.  We might be able to help get this case going again.”
“That’s it.  Officer I want these two placed under arrest.”  The officer pushed a button on his desk and three officers came out of the back and placed cuffs on Chris and Duff.
“What the hell Barnes?  We are just trying to help.”  Chris yelled.
Duff continued with, “You’re a self righteous ass Barnes.”
“Let’s see what a night in jail does for your attitude.”  With a wave of his hand the three officers took the boys back to a holding cell behind the locked door.
The officers advised Chris and Duff of their rights.
CHAPTER 22
The poured cement bench they called a bed was hard as a rock.  Well being it was rock there was no surprise there.  Duff was stretched out on one and Chris was sitting on the other fuming over the situation.  They had taken everything from them and had them in orange jumpsuits and flip-flops. 
“I can’t believe Barnes did this to us,” Chris moaned.
“We kinda had it coming.  After all, what did we think we were doing?”
“We were trying to find out who murdered Amy.”  The rage in Chris’s voice was evident.  
“I know buddy but the “you’re a bust” comment might have been over the top.”
“Maybe your right but the “you’re a self righteous ass” comment was definitely past the line.”
“You’re probably right,” Duff said.  Then they both broke down laughing.
“I don’t know about you but I think it was worth it.”  Chris continued laughing until one of the guards came by and knocked his nightstick against the bars demanding quiet.
Putting on his best sheepish grin Duff said, “Sorry sir, we’ll hold it down,” trying to hold in the laugh.
“Listen guys,” the guard said as he stopped in front of the cell.  “We all know Barnes is a jerk.  We also know he thinks the only evidence is evidence he has personally collected.  When victims say they think it is one person or another he gets mad and tells them to butt out or else.  You guys were just the only ones to stand up to him.  The guards have had a good laugh over it.  The plan now is to release you first thing in the morning.  You’ll be out of here before your first class.  But I would advise you two to stay below the radar from now on.”
“Thanks officer,” Chris said.  “I just don’t know if we will be able to stop this guy if the police are not going to help.”
“You two should take a drive down to Boston and talk to the FBI.  Because the school is state and federally funded they can take the case from Barnes if they want to.  I think with the evidence you have collected they will listen and do something.”
“You’ve read the file?”  Chris was surprised to hear that.
“Not just me, all the guards have and we agree that you have the guy dead to rites.”
“Thanks again,” Chris smiled at the guard.  “We’ll do that.”
“No problem kid.”  With that the guard left to continue his rounds.
Chris lay back on the hard bed and said, “Did you hear that Duff?  We got it right.  I say screw Barnes and let’s take a trip to Boston tomorrow morning after we get out of here.”
“I’m with you buddy but I want a shower first.  I want to wash this place off me.”
“Deal,” Chris smiled and closed his eyes trying to sleep.
The rapping on the bars came at 7:15 AM.  Both Chris and Duff woke with a start.  “Time to go boys!”  The guard opened the door and began the paperwork to release them.  “By the way Barnes told us to have your car towed.  But don’t worry we were too busy to get it done.  That is one sweet ride.  Who did the work?”
“Me and my dad did most of it but when he died my uncles took the project on and finished the car for me.  Thanks for not towing it.  That car means a lot to me.”
“I can understand why.  Hey the boys want to know what you got planned for today?”
“Well we were thinking that shower would be nice.  Then we thought we would head down to Boston and talk to the FBI.”
“That’s a good idea.  Let’s get you out of here.”  The guard unlocked the door and escorted the boys out the back door where their car was waiting.  “It’s been a pleasure to meet you two.  If you need any help just call us.”
“Thanks again officer, and thanks for the direction.”  Chris and Duff both smiled at the officer.
“My pleasure, no bad guy should get away because of some cops attitude.  You two go get him.”

Chapter 23
The trip down 93 to Boston was smooth and clear.  The morning commute was over so traffic was light.  When they got into Boston they got off at State St. and headed west and north back to government center.  Parking in Boston is always an adventure and when you actually care about your care it is a nightmare.  He drove into the ramp below the Government center and as luck would have it there was one good space left in the visitor’s lot.  He took it and headed inside.  The guard station was intimidating.  Raised a couple of feet off the floor the guard looked down at Chris and Duff.  
“What can I do for you,” the guard asked?
“We would like to see someone in the FBI,” Duff spoke while trying to hide his shaking hands.
“You got an appointment?”
“No we just drove down from New Hampshire at the request of the Manchester PD,” Chris lied.
“Hold on a sec.”  The guard turned and made a phone call.  After a couple of minutes the guard hung up the phone and asked the boys for ID’s.  
Chris and Duff handed over their driver’s licenses to the guard who made photo copies and entered the information into a computer on his desk.  Satisfied with the result of the computer check he handed the boys back their licenses and gave them visitor badges.  “These must be worn at all times and be in clear view.  Do you understand?”
“Yes sir we do.”  Chris and Duff clipped the badges to their shirt pockets.  “Thank you.”  
“Just have a seat on the benches over there and someone will be with you soon.”  The guard smiled and pointed to a series of benches in front of the windows.
Chris and Duff took a seat.  Chris whispered to Duff, “I hope this is not a repeat of yesterday.”
“Me to pal.  There is no way I’m going to sit here for four hours.”
After only five minutes a tall man in a black three piece suit walked up to them and asked, “Chris and Duff?”
“That’s us,” Chris said.
“Follow me please.”  The man in the black suit walked past the guard station and to the elevator doors.
Chris and Duff jumped to their feet and followed the man into the elevator.  The man pushed the button for the fifth floor, the doors closed and the elevator jerked up.  
“Sorry about that.  The elevator has been acting up lately.  They are going to work on it today and see if they can smooth it out.  We have been complaining about it for a week.”
“That’s cool,” Duff said and held the railing against the jerking motion.  
When the elevator came to a jerking halt Chris grabbed the hand rail and waited for the elevator door to open.  Once he was sure that the doors would remain open Chris made a dash for the hallway in front of him.  Breathing a sigh of relief Duff gave him an elbow and said under his breath “Chicken.”
“It’s bad enough being so high up but a faulty elevator does not instill confidence in anyone with a brain.”
Their escort snickered and walked down the hall waving Chris and Duff to follow.  “I’m taking you to meet Jack Anderson.  He is the boss around here and he will hear what you have to say.  Jack is a throwback to days gone by but he is a good man and will hear you out.  The only thing I can tell you is don’t lie to him.  If he catches you in a lie you’re done.  OK?” 
“Got it, thanks,” Chris said.   Chris was feeling a bit intimidated.  He started second guessing himself and the whole trip to Boston.  As their escort moved further ahead Chris slowed and asked Duff, “You still think this was a good idea?” 
“No but we are committed now unless you want to run?”
“No I don’t want to run.  It’s just the seriousness of this is starting to settle in.  It was one thing when the local police didn’t believe us.  It’s something else to get slammed by a federal agency.”
“It’ll be OK Chris.  Just breath steady and slow and when you talk to him give him all the facts and the truth behind it.”
“You’re right.  I just need to take a chill pill.”
The escort had stopped in front of an office door and was knocking.  Chris and Duff hurried to catch up.
“Come on in Danny,” a deep voice from beyond the door said.  The escort, Danny, opened the door and motioned for the boys to enter.  After they entered the office Danny closed the door and went on his way.
Jack had his nose in a file folder and didn’t look up from his desk.  “Have a seat,” Jack said.
The boys took the two empty chairs in front of Jack’s desk and waited for Jack to finish what he was working on.
After a few seconds Jack closed the folder and looked at Chris and Duff.  “So it seems you both spent the night in Jail.  Then you tell the guard you were sent here by the Manchester Police.  So tell me why I should listen to a thing you say?  In case they didn’t tell you I do deal with liars.”  The look on Jacks face could stop traffic and Chris and Duff immediately felt like this trip was a mistake.
Chris decided that he was going to move forward knowing he had gotten off to a rough start with Jack.  “Mr. Anderson, the idea to come here was from the guards at the Manchester jail.  After spending the night locked up one of the guards recommended we bring our information to the attention of the FBI.  The Manchester Detective we originally went to refused to hear what we had discovered.  We know who is killing at UND.  We have all the information you need to arrest this killer and frankly if you don’t listen to us our next stop is the press.”  Chris was feeling embolden by Jack’s lack of interruptions.  Chris sighed and waited for Jack to respond.
Jack looked at Duff and said, “You got anything you want to add?”
Duff smiled and said, “What he said.”
Jack chuckled and leaned back in his chair.  “I got a call from the jail telling me you two were coming down.  It took guts to say what you did.  I believe you two; now let’s see this folder I was told about.
Chris handed over the folder and Jack started reading.  “What put you on to this guy?”
Chris shuffled through the paper in front of him and showed Jack the computer door log record.  Certain rows were highlighted all corresponding to one name.  “If you look at the times you will see he leaves the dorm between thirty and forty-five minutes before each murder.  He does not check in to any other building on campus and he always returns to the dorm by the back door.”
“He might just be out for a run.  I mean it could be a coincidence.  What else you got?”  Jack fumbled the papers in his hands.
Duff was first to respond, “We thought that too so we attempted to follow him.  He always wore black jeans, black shirt, and a black skullcap.  That’s not your typical jogging suit.  He carried a backpack.  We tried to follow him one night but lost him when he ran into the woods behind the library.  It was pitch black in there.  We don’t think he knew we were following him.  We waited for two hours and sure enough he came out of the woods and through the back door of his dorm.”
“And he was looking around like he was making sure he was alone,” Chris added.
Jack eyed up the boys and asked, “What else you got?”
This time Chris took out a series of pages printed from the internet.  “We had a friend hack his website and print these pages from his personal blog.”
Jack took the pages and began reading.  The look on his face told the story.  “He all but admits killing them.”
“Ya,” Chris said, “That’s what we got out of it too.  It looks to me like he thinks these women are his girlfriends and when they don’t play ball with his sick game he has to punish them.”
Jack put the papers down and looked up at the boys, “You two have been busy.  I would have to say that the only problem might be that you collected the evidence illegally.”
Chris jumped out of his chair and yelled, “Illegally?  Is that what you’re worried about?  You guys are as bad as the Manchester police.  We hand you a guy who has killed four women and you’re worried about his rights.  What about Amy’s rights.  Maybe this was….”
“Chris, sit down,” Jack ordered.  “I said it might be.  Not that I’m not going to do something about it.  Do you know anything about how the court system works in this country?  When information like this goes to court the defense has a field day how and why it was collected.  We just have to get our ducks in a row and make sure that you and Duff were not acting as agents of the FBI or the local police when you collected this information.”
“Of course we weren’t.  We don’t work for anyone we’re students for Christ’s sake.”  Chris took his seat still very agitated.
“Look, I know you don’t.  I’m going to get the lawyers in here now to draft up your statements.  Do either of you have a criminal record?”
“No sir,” They answered in unison.
“Good, just stay here for a few minutes and we can get this thing started.”  Jack left the room.
“I think he believed us Chris,” Duff said under his breath.
“Me too,” Chris replied.  “Maybe now we can get some help stopping this bastard.”
A few minutes later Jack returned with Charles Labine a lawyer.  After the introductions Charles got to work and started asking the boys all the pertinent questions.  The answers were typed into a laptop and within an hour two statements were printed and given to Chris and Duff to sign.  “Read these over and if they are correct then sign them.”
The boys read and signed then Chris asked, “What now?  Do you go arrest him?”
Jack looked Chris and Duff in the eye and told them, “Next we get a warrant and check out his dorm, car and home.  Then if we have enough evidence we arrest this punk and put him away for years to come.”
Chris and Duff both smiled satisfied with the answer.  “Do you need anything else from us?”
“Yes I do, I need you to not talk about this with anyone else.  Not friends, faculty, or family.  If word gets out we suspect this guy, he’ll be gone in a second.  Do you understand?”
Chris answered, “Yes sir.  We won’t talk to anyone.  Will we be in the loop on this?  I would like to know the progress being made.”
“The company answer is no, but since you have been so involved and basically handed us the killer I’m going to go out on a limb and call you with every major development.  You can also call my direct line any time you want to know where we are.  I know Amy was your girlfriend and you deserve to know.”  Jack handed Chris and Duff his card.  “My cell is on the back.  I answer it any time day or night.”
Chris and Duff rose from their seat and shook Jack’s hands.  “Thank you,” was all they said as they left Jack’s office. 
The ride home was quiet but the relief was evident.  Both Chris and Duff breathed several long sighs of relief.  As they pulled onto campus Chris said, “I feel like we don’t have anything to do now.”
“I know, but we still have classes.  If I book I can make my Chem lab.”
“I’ll drop you off.  I’m going over to the pub to talk to Mike.  I think he deserves to know.”
“I think so too but Chemistry awaits.  I’ll see you tonight in the room and you can fill me in then.”
“Will do buddy.  I should be back by 9 tonight.  I have a couple of papers that I have put off for too long and I need to do some serious work tonight.”  Chris pulled over and let Duff out in front of the Chem building.

Chapter 24
Chris made his way to the pub.  When he walked into the pub Mike caught his eye and waved him over to the bar.  Chris made a beeline to great Mike.  The old pub owner came around the bar and hugged Chris.  “It’s good to see you Mike.”  Chris patted his back signaling the end of the public display of affection man style.
“It’s good to see you boy.”  Mike stepped back and wiped at his eye.
“Mike, what’s wrong?”  Concern showed all over Chris’s face.
“Nothing, I heard about your night in jail and was worried about you.  I was planning to go visit you later this afternoon.
“No need for that Mike.  I’m here and fine.  How did you find out about that anyway?”
“This is an Irish pub and a lot of the cops in this town are of course Irish.  A couple of guards came in late last night for a quick one.  We got to talking and they filled me in on what happened.  That detective is an ass and everyone in the station knows it.  So are you really ok?”
“I’m fine Mike.  We got out this morning and headed to Boston to talk to the FBI.  We spoke to a guy named Jack Anderson and he believed us.  They are going to call us when they are ready to move on him.  Mat is done.”
“Thank you Chris.  I will rest a lot better knowing that SOB will soon be behind bars for what he did to my little girl.”  Mike wiped his eyes again.  “Damn dust.”
“Ya dust.”  Chris wiped his eyes as well.  
Mike walked behind the bar and poured Chris a pint.  Letting it settle on the bar Mike said, “This one is on the house and you don’t have to hide in the corner you drink it at the bar.”
Chris smiled and said, “Thanks Mike.”
The two talked about the details of the conversation Chris had with the FBI.  After 3 hours there was not much else to say and Chris excused himself heading back to the dorm.

Chapter 25

Mat sat in his room hunched over his computer.  He had pictures on a flash drive that he would spend hours looking at.  He would relive the excitement of each attack over and over again.  The problem was the mental reenactment was never as good as the real thing.  As he flipped from picture to picture his frustration continued to grow.  As it reached its peak Mat smashed his hands down on the keyboard.  Several of the keys flew off.  “Shit, shit, shit,” Mat said as he pounded his fists on the keyboard in time with each word.  Mat jumped up from his chair and tipped it over.  He reached under his bed and grabbed his black backpack.  He unzipped it and took out his black pants, shirt, shoes, and mask.  He changed quickly and headed out the back door of his dorm.  He walked past the library and entered the woods behind the edifice.  His breathing slowed and he began to get excited knowing he was going to kill again.  
From his vantage point in the woods he was able to watch the street that ran behind the library.  He could see a hundred yards in each direction.  As time passed the number of people walking became less and less.  At 2:30AM the street was empty except for a lone female student walking home from a late night study session with her girlfriends.  It took him a minute to recognize the student.  It was Melissa.  The 98 pound sophomore who just returned from a year of study abroad would make a fine addition to his exclusive club of victims.
Melissa walked with purpose as she headed back to her dorm on the other side of campus.  She knew she should have called for an escort with a murderer on the loose but Mel knew she could handle herself.  In her hand she had her keys and a small round piece of metal known as a kubaton.  She fingered the kubaton nervously.  She was ready if she needed to be.
Mat waited until she had walked past him.  He was so close he could smell her perfume.  The excitement was too much to contain.  He jumped from the woods onto the road and in three steps he grabbed Melissa by the hair and pulled her back toward his chest.  His plan was to wrap his arms around her and place the knife at her throat.  He would then order her into the woods and the fun would begin.    
Well in life sometimes you’re the windshield and sometimes you’re just a bug.  Today Mat became the bug.  Melissa screamed as he yanked her by the hair, but she kept her head and spun around to face Mat.  She thrust the kubaton into Mat’s neck and he screamed.  He slapped her and she fell to the ground.
“Not today you sick SOB,” Melissa screamed at the top of her lungs.  As she came to her feet she saw the knife.  She swung her arm at his knife hand the kubaton hit the back of his wrist.  The pain she inflicted was mind numbing and Mat dropped the knife.
“I’ll kill you bitch,” Mat cursed her.
“Not today asshole.”  Melissa closed the gap between them and swung wildly with the kubaton.  Each time it struck Mat he let out a yell.  Melissa was smiling now.  She was going to take this guy down.
Mat had taken a defensive posture and as she swung he dodged and punched Melissa in the side of her head.  She saw stars and fell to the ground.  For a moment she thought she would lose consciousness and fought to keep her wits about her.  Mat stepped forward and kicked her in the ribs.  There was a satisfying crunch as at least two ribs broke.  Melissa could no longer take a deep breath.  It was like fire every time she tried.  Tears ran down her face as she realized she was in real trouble.  
Mat kept kicking until Melissa could no longer get up.  She lay on the ground crying.  Mat picked up the knife and grabbed Melissa by the hair and started dragging her into the woods.
Melissa thought this was the end and resigned herself to a gruesome death. 
“I’m so going to kill you slowly for that bitch.”  
Melissa unable to fight him off sobbed uncontrollably.
From out of the dark about 100 yards away came cry.  “Hey, what the hell are you doing?”  The man came running toward Mat and Melissa. 
Mat knew he had to get out of there.  He dropped Melissa and ran.  The man, a campus security guard, ran up to Melissa and asked if she was OK.  Melissa just cried and held on to the guard for all she was worth.  
“It ok Miss.  Everything is going to be fine.  He’s gone.”  The guard reached for his radio and said, “Base this is unit 4.  I have just interrupted an attack on a student on Winston Drive.  I need the police and an ambulance right away.”
“Unit 4 police and ambulance are both on the way.  Unit 2 and 6 are also on their way to your location.  Base out,” crackled over the radio clipped to his hip.
“They are coming Miss, just lay still and relax.”  The security guard took off his coat and laid it over Melissa to help prevent shock.
Melissa said, “I tried….” Then the pain and darkness overtook her and she passed out.

Chapter 26

Melissa woke in the hospital with a start.  She shot up and found she was hooked up to several machines.  She examined the lines running into her arm.  She tried to remember what happened, how she got here, and what happened to her attacker.  There was a knock at the door as it opened and the light was switched on.  
“Miss Michaels, you’re awake.  We have been worried about you.  I’ll let your doctor know, but first you need to lay down, you’re in no condition to sit up.”  The nurse turned to leave and Melissa called after her.
“How long have I been out?
“You’ve been here for 3 days and this is the first time you have been coherent.  You took a real beating and we had to remove your spleen.  You have several broken ribs and some nasty contusions.  Your parents are in town,  I will call them to tell them the good news.  Now you just rest honey and I’ll spread the word.”  The nurse turned and left the room.
“Thank you,” Melissa called after the nurse.
Half an hour later Dr. Higgins came into the room.  He was all business as he examined Melissa.  “How are you feeling?”
“Other than I can’t breathe deeply and my head feels like it is going to explode any minute, I’m good.”
Dr Higgins smiled and said, “Well at least you haven’t lost your sense of humor.”
“Are my parents ok,” Concern was written across her face.
“They are fine.  They have been worried.  Your mom only left your side last night when I kicked her out to get some rest.  Your dad has been dealing with the local police and the FBI.  He was in here last night for a few hours.  I guess he is not impressed with the locals and he has been raising hell with the FBI.  Right now the FBI has 20 extra agents posted on campus.  They said they are just days away from capturing this guy.”
Melissa was crying as her parents came to mind.  They have enough on their plate without worrying about me she thought.  
“Well you have a couple of visitors outside.  They have been here every day and just arrived as I was coming in.  Are you up to some visitors?”
“Ya that would be great.  Who are they?”
“Some friends from school.  They came in about an hour after you arrived in the ER.  They have been patiently waiting.  Well I have real sick people to tend to I’ll send them in on my out.”
“Thanks Doc, for everything.”
“No problem.  Now don’t overdo it.  If you get tired you need to sleep.  I’ll check in with you later today.”  Dr Higgins stepped out the door and called for Melissa’s visitors.  As they came close he said, “She is week.  So don’t stay to long and don’t upset her.”
“We won’t Doc.  Thanks.”  Chris and Duff entered the room slowly and said, “Hey Melissa.  It’s Chris O’Driscoll and Duff from school, may we come in?”
Melissa’s first instinct was to cringe away until she saw Chris and Duff smiling at her.  “You’re in my Lit 201 class and I have Chemistry with you.”  A smile broke out on her face.  “Come in please.”
Chris and Duff walked over to her bedside and she shook their hands.  “You look a lot better than you did when they brought you in.  How are you feeling?”
“I’m ok, just really sore and tired.  So why are you guys here?”
Chris took the lead and said, “I don’t know what anyone has told you but you were attacked by the same guy that has been killing girls on campus.  You’re lucky; you’re the first one to escape.  My girlfriend Amy was not so lucky.”  Chris looked at the floor as the thought of Amy and her death came crashing into his mind.”  
“I remember Amy, I always loved her accent.  She was such a wonderful person, always kind and generous.  I’m sorry for your loss Chris.”
“Thank you,” was all Chris could manage to say.
Duff spoke up and asked the questions they needed to find answers for.  “Did you know the guy who attacked you?”
“No sorry.  But I did manage to make the bastard bleed.”
“You did?  That is great how did you do that?”
“If you look on my key chain you’ll see a Kobaton.  My dad got it for me for self protection before I came to college.  It has a sharp point on one end and I stabbed at him several times before he clocked me out of the fight.”  Melissa looked down and felt like crying.
Chris spoke up, “Hey Melissa you did great.  Can we take your keys to the FBI?  We think we know who did it and this will give us more proof to put this guy away forever.”
“They are in my coat pocket in the closet.  Help yourself.  If it stops this guy then I’m glad to help.  I’m sorry guys but I am getting tired.  I think I should sleep now.”
“No problem.  We’ll get out of here.  Thanks for your help.  We’ll keep you in the loop on this guy.  Sleep well.”  Chris and Duff collected the keys then were out the door.
Once outside they talked about getting the keychain to Jack.  Duff walked over to a phone booth started dialing numbers.  “I’m calling Jack have you got his card?”
“Ya, sure.  Here it is,” Chris said handing the business card to Duff.
Duff finished dialing and waited for the first ring.
“Jack Anderson,” Chimed through the receiver.
“Jack its Duff.”
“Good morning Duff.  What can I do for you?”
“Well actually it’s what we can do for you.  We got the weapon that Melissa used on Mat.  It’s covered in his blood.”
“Nice work.  I’m leaving the office now.  I’ll meet you at your dorm.  Make sure you put them in a plastic bag and don’t let them out of your sight for even a second.  We will need to fill out a chain of custody form so the defense can toss it out.”
“Don’t worry Jack, we used a latex glove from Melissa’s room and folded the keys in it.  Chris has it in his hand right now and will until you get here.”
“Perfect.  You too really need to come to work for me.  I like your instincts.   See you soon.”  The phone line went dead.
“He’s coming to meet us now at the dorm.  We are supposed to make sure we maintain custody of the keys until Jack gets here.”
“Well that won’t be hard.”  Chris smiled at Duff.
“Not hard at all.”  The two drove back to the dorm to wait.
They got settled in and had been waiting for an hour when there came a knock at the door.  Chris jumped up and ran to peer through the door’s peep hole expecting to see Jack Anderson.  The expression on his face soured.  Chris ran to his bed and shoved the keys and the rubber glove under his pillow.  He motioned to Duff to answer the door.
Duff looked at Chris questioning his actions.  
“It’s Barnes,” Chris whispered.
Duff rose from his bed and smiled at Chris as he went to get the door.  Just as he reached for the handle there came another pounding on the door.  Duff yanked the door open and yelled, “WHAT!!!”
Barnes took a step back from the door, shocked at the greeting.  When he regained his composure he stepped forward and said, “I need to have a word with you two.”
Duff was feeling good that he had scared the crap out of Barnes and stood right up to him.  “About what?”
“May I come in,” Barnes asked?
“ No,” Duff responded and began to close the door.
Barnes put out his arm and pushed Duff and the door back open.  He stepped inside the room and closed the door.
“The hell man.  You can’t just come barging in here.”  Duff was mad now and stood between Chris and Barnes.
“It’s ok Duff.  Barnes likes to abuse his power.”  Chris was angry but did not want to spend another night in jail.
Duff took a step back and said, “What do you want Barnes?  We got things to do and places to go.”
“Hand it over.”  Barnes puffed out his chest and glared at Chris.
“Hand what over Barnes?  You’re not making much sense.”  Chris smirked at Duff then turned to Barnes with his best innocent face.    
“The keys, smart ass, the keys.”
Chris looked puzzled for a moment then shrugged and pulled his keychain out of his pocket and tossed them to Barnes.
He snagged them out of thin air and took a good looked at them.   His facial expression changed to one of anger and hatred.  “What is this?”
Chris spoke up right away.  “It’s my keys.  Geeze Barnes you come in here yelling about wanting my keys, I give them to you and you’re all mad.  I wish you would make up your mind what you want.  This is getting confusing.”
Duff had to turn away from Barnes to keep from laughing in his face.
Barnes threw the keys down.  He grabbed Chris and pulled him to his feet.  Duff started to step in and Chris just held up a hand.  “I want Melissa’s keys.  They are evidence and you have no right to have them.  I could arrest you right now for obstruction.  So if you don’t want to spend more time in jail then keep up the funny act.  I mean knock….”
“I know what you meant Barnes.  You can’t do anything until you find the keys in our possession and you can’t search us or our apartment without a search warrant.  So let go of me now and get out of here.  You have no authority here you blowhard.”
The look of shock on Barnes’s face was priceless.  Duff had turned and looked at Barnes with a huge smile on his face.  “Hey Barnes don’t worry about solving this case you couldn’t do it when we handed you all the evidence you needed.  Finding Melissa’s keys is not going to help you.  Why don’t you just go find yourself a donut shop and feed your fat face?  Police work is obviously too much for your little mind.”  Both Duff and Chris laughed out loud.
Barnes lost it.  He hit Chris in the gut knocking the wind out of him.  Duff drew back for a round house but Barnes blocked it with his elbow and hit Duff with an uppercut that knocked Duff off his feet.  Chris was getting his second wind and kicked Barnes as hard as he could in the knee.  There was a pop and Barnes went down.  Chris and Duff started towards Barnes as he fumbled with his coat.  Just before Duff could kick Barnes in the ribs he had his gun out and pointed it at Duff’s face.  
“Do it you little prick and I will end you.”  Duff and Chris backed away.  Barnes cocked the revolver.  I have had it with both of you.  I could kill you right now for attacking a police officer and they would give me a metal.  Get on your knees, both of you.  I think your lessons in real life and police work are over and you two failed the final test.”  Barnes took aim and asked, “Where do you want it?”
The door to the room burst open and Jack Anderson rushed into the room with his gun drawn.  “FBI put the gun down now or I will shoot.  Do it slowly or I will shoot.  Do anything wrong and I will shoot you.  Do you understand?”
“Yes.”  Barnes slowly lowered his revolver to the floor.
“Chris, Duff, you boys ok?”
“Just a little roughed up, but we’ll be fine.  Did I tell you that your timing is perfect?”
“I’ve been standing outside listening for the past few minutes.  I heard it all.  I have to admit that if you talked like that to me I would have been tempted to shoot you too.”
Chris and Duff went white then Jack let them off the hook.  “Just kidding boys.”  Both boys took a deep breath and sighed.  “Chris get the gun and bring it to me.  Hold it by the handle and do not touch the trigger
“Got it Jack.”  He picked up the gun and handed it to Jack by the handle.  “There you go.”
Jack holstered his gun and carefully took the gun from Chris.  It was still cocked and Jack cleared the weapon.  “There, that’s better,” he said with a smile.  “Now detective Barnes...”  
Barnes looked up at Jack still on the floor.
“I have enough to end your career right now.  Maybe even enough for you to spend some serious time in Walpole.  But I’m going to make you a deal.  You get up right now and walk out of here, never come back to this campus, and I’ll forget all of this crap.”
“The damn kid kicked my knee out.  I’m going to need an ambulance.”  The look of distain clear on his face.
“I didn’t ask if you could walk.  I said get up and walk of I’ll arrest you right now for attempted murder.”
Barnes slowly got to his feet, well one foot anyway, the pain was obvious as he hopped to the door.  “This isn’t over.”
“Actually it is cause if I hear you so much as sneeze in the direction of these boys I’ll take this audio tape I made of you telling the boys how you were going to kill them and I’ll have you up on charges before you can blink.  And Barnes, believe me when I say I have a long memory.  Jack spun around to face Chris and Duff.  I believe you boys have something for me.  Chris walked to his bunk and reached under the pillow producing Melissa’s keys.  Jack took the keys wrapped in the latex glove and dropped them into an evidence bag.  He filled out a form and showed Chris and Duff where to sign.  “Thanks again boys.  This is the perfect ending to a perfect day.”
“Thanks Jack for saving our lives.”
“Ya Jack,” Duff added.
“No problem boys.  Just try not to make the nice detective that mad again.”  Jack chuckled.
“We won’t,” Chris promised.

Chapter 27

The next few days were quiet.  Chris and Duff returned to classes, Barnes stayed off campus, and everyone felt a lift to their spirits.  No one was sure how long it would last but for the moment it was wonderful.  Chris and Duff were playing basketball at the make shift basket at the side of their dorm when the 3rd floor window above the basket opened and Bob Putman poked his head out and yelled Chris phone for you.  
Chris tossed the ball to Duff saying, “Better practice while I’m gone.  This is getting pathetic.”
Duff laughed, “Ok old man.  You can tell yourself what you need too.  I know you arranged the phone call cause you were just about to fall over from heat stroke.”
Chris ran inside to the third floor and picked up the receiver on the hall phone. “O’Driscoll.”
“Chris its Jack.”
“Jack, how are you doing?”
“I’m fine I just wanted to let you know we are serving the warrant today to search his place.”
“That’s great.  Do you mind if Duff and I come over to watch?”
“No problem.  But you need to know that we may not arrest him today.  If his room is clean we will have to wait.”
“I understand that. I don’t like it but I understand.”
“There will be a crown of people at his dorm when we go in.  Stick close to me and stay out of the way.  Don’t touch anything or react to anything we find.  You go it?”
“Ya I got it.  So what time?”
“About 5 minutes we are driving in now.”
“Wow that fast?  I’d better grab Duff fill him in and meet you over there.”
“Good plan, see you soon.”
“See ya soon Jack.”  Chris hung up the phone and dashed down the stairs and out the door.
“What are you running for?”  Duff looked at Chris out of breath.
“Jack is serving the warrant in 5 minutes.  We need to get over there.”
“Right,” Duff tossed the ball toward the building and picked up his shirt from the base of a nearby tree.  “I’m ready, let’s go.”
“Jack says to stick to him like glue and do not react to anything they find or anything he says.  Got it?”
“I got it, let’s go”
The two walked up to the dorm and waited outside for Jack to arrive.  They waited about 1 minute when a line of federal plated cars came down the street.  Chris watched as 6 men got out of the 3 cars and walked to positions around the building.  The choreography was amazing.  Each man went to his assigned post while Jack walked to the front door.  “You ready?”
“Oh ya,” both Chris and Duff said.
“Then let’s go.”  With that Jacked walked to the building and made his way to the second floor dorm room.  He checked his radio and when everyone was in position he knocked on the door.  “FBI, search warrant, open up.”  His commanding voice shook the door on its hinges.  The door opened almost instantly and Jack pushed his way into the room waving the folded document.  “Mr. Mat Matlack we are searching your room, car, and any other storage facilities you may use for evidence in the murders that have taken place on campus.”  He slapped the paper directly into Mat’s chest.
Mat took the paper and looked like a deer in the headlight.  The stunned expression slowly faded as he saw Duff and Chris.  “You tow, what are you doing here?”
Before Chris could answer Jack looked at Chris telling him he was going to field that one.  “They are doing a job shadow with me this week.  I brought them to see a warrant served.  Now Mr. Matlack you need to stand outside the room while we search.”
“I don’t want them going through my stuff.”  Mat was seething.  He was almost irrational.  
“Don’t worry Mat, we are just here to observe.  We won’t touch a thing.” Chris smiled a wicked grin.
“”Chris, Duff,” Jack said.  “It’s important that you two stand by the door and not touch anything.”
“Got it Jack,” Duff said gently pulling Chris to the door.  Chris chose to block Mat’s view of the room which only served to make him angrier.
As Jack searched the room he found a small tin box in the back corner under a pair of Sorrel boots.  He opened it and his face froze in horror.  “Chris, come here.”
“Hey you said he had to stand at the door,” Mat yelled.
Jack turned to face Mat, “”You better just shut up and I mean now.  The look in Jacks eyes could kill.  “Bill, cuff him.  I don’t want him to go running off.
“Got it Jack,” Bill replied.  He took hi9s cuffs from the holder on his belt and places them on Mat.  Mat was fuming but Bill just ignored him and took him down the hall to the commons area.
Chris crossed the floor to Jack and asked, “What’s up?”
“Look at these items, do you recognize and of them?” Jack held the tin so Chris could see.
“I think that is Amy’s locket.  I won’t be sure till I look inside.”
Jack set the tin on the desk and with gloved hands took out the locket and fumbled with the clasp until he opened it.  A tear came to Jacks eyes.  Fighting it back he turned to face Chris and show him the small pictures contained inside.
Chris took one look and shook his head yes.  “That’s Amy’s.”  Chris stumbled and Jack reached over to catch him.
“It’s going to be ok Chris.  Just take deep breaths and try to relax.  Duff, get over here.”
“I got him Jack,” Duff said.   It’s ok buddy.  We got him.  
“Duff,” Chris said out of breath.  “I’m gonna hurl.  Help me to the can.
Duff lead the way down the hall to the men’s bathroom.  Chris was leaning on Duff as they went down the hall.  Just before the restroom on the right was the commons area on the left.  Chris broke free of Duff and made a murderous leap at Mat.  Mat was completely unaware as was Bill and Duff.  Chris managed to hit Mat in the face with a right roundhouse.  As Mat fell right Chris managed to grab him by the collar and smash his head into the steel post behind.  
Chris continued to pummel Mat until Bill and Duff came out of their commas.  The 2 grabbed Chris and pulled him off Mat.  “He killed Amy Duff let me go please.”
“I can’t my friend.  As much as I would like to join you I can’t let you do this.   Duff held Chris in a bear hug and joined Chris in shedding tears.
Mat was coming around and yelled, “I want him arrested.  He assaulted me.
Without any thought Duff released one arm from Chris balled up a fist and swung backwards at Mats face.  Mat crumpled into his chair.  He was out cold.
“Thanks, Duff,” Bill said.  I couldn’t have taken much more of him myself.
“No problem but if anyone asks my arm slipped while Chris was struggling.”
“Got it Duff,” Bill was smiling.
At that moment Jack walked into the common room.  “What the hell happened here?”
Chris stood and walked over to Jack.  He looked him straight in the eye and told him the gospel truth.  “So Jack it’s all my fault and I will be glad to take whatever punishment you have to slap on me.  No excuses.  I wanted to hurt him like he hurt Amy and I tried.”
“Bill, does this look like resisting arrest to you?”
“Chris, no Mat, yes sir.  If Chris hadn’t grabbed him he might have gotten away.”
“Well then I guess we owe these young men a thank you.  I want you to write up the incident and Chris and Duff sign it before we take him in.”
Bill and Jack exchanged a smile and Chris just stared at Jack.  “Thanks Jack.”
“The reason I came out here was to let you know that we found his costume in a duffle under his bed.  Bill, take him in before he does any more damage to himself.”
“Got it boss.”  Bill grabbed Mat by the shoulder and marched him out to the car.  
“Now for you two,” Jack said looking at Chris and Duff.  “I want you both to know that this will take some time.  It is not unusual for cases like this to last 6 months or more.  He is going to get a mouthpiece and they are going to come after you two.  You need to stay out of the media.  No interviews, you got me?”
“Ya Jack, no interviews.”
“Good.  Now know this they are going to say some real shit about you.  You will be portrayed as a couple of freaks with a vendetta against Mat.   They are going to dig into your lives and try to tear them apart.  They will try to get your parents to talk.  If everyone is quiet we can walk into the court room and nail him, but if anyone talks then we have to spend time and money cleaning up your reputation first and I can tell you from experience that it never works.  We are in the home stretch now.  Let’s finish strong.  Now I need to get going.  I’ll be in touch.  You 2 stay out of trouble.”  Jack gave them a slap on the back as he headed for the door.”
“You can count on us,” Chris called out.
“I’m beginning to believe that.  Talk to you soon.”  Jack turned the corner to the stairs and headed out to the car.
Chris and Duff shook hands.    

Chapter 28

Jack was true to his word.  He kept the boys updated about once a week.  He always asked how they were doing and if the media pressure was getting to be too much. 
“The other day a group of reporters asked about my father’s death and if I thought my mother could be involved.  I just shook my head and walked away.  Are these guys for real?”
“Well if they can’t get the story they want they will attempt to make up a story.  Just remember they are trying to get a reaction out of you.  If you don’t talk they don’t have anything to put on the news.”
“I guess but it is getting old.  They say all this trash about Duff and me and then we have to just take it.”
“Look Chris, you and Duff are doing great.  Just hang in there.  We go to trial in 30 days.  Everything is looking like a slam dunk.  We are going to get this clown.”
“We will Jack.  We have worked too hard on this to blow it now.”
“That’s a boy.  I’ll talk to you next week.”  Jack hung up the phone.
Time continued on and 30 days later all 3 stood in front of the courthouse.  They were surrounded by reporters still trying to get a rise out of Chris and Duff.  One reporter called out, “So Jack, can’t solve any cases now without a couple of kids to do your legwork?”
Jack just smiled and pointed at the reporter.  “If more people were as concerned about crime as Chris and Duff here we would be out of a jab.  These men are to be commended for what they have done and I for one am proud of them.  I’m also not to proud to say that they did a better job at solving this case than Manchester PD and the FBI combined.  These are your hero’s and you should all be ashamed at the way you have hounded these men.”  Jack placed a hand on each of their shoulders and guided them into the courthouse.
Once inside Chris said, “Geeze Jack, I know we helped but we didn’t do everything.  Besides won’t your bosses be ticked off that you said we did a better job than you?”
“My boss won’t care about that.  I might however get a reprimand for blasting the press and calling them out on the tactics they used to get to you boys.  But it was worth it.”  Jack let loose a laugh that echoed through the marble edifice.
“We better get inside it’s almost time,” Duff pointed at his watch.  The three entered together and took a seat right behind the prosecutors table.   The District Attorney leaned back and shook Jacks hand.
“We ready?”  The DA looked at Jack as he asked.
“Oh yes sir, we are more than ready.  Phil, meet Chris and Duff.”
“Glad to meet you both, Jack says good things about you.  Are you guys ready to do this?”
“Yes sir,” Duff answered before the words left the DA’s mouth.
“Good, then take a seat and things will get rolling as soon as the judge arrives.”
The judge came in through a door right next to his bench.  His honor Joel Med walked to his leather chair behind the bench and took his seat.  With an almost imperceptible nod to the bailiff he called him to begin.    
“Hear Ya Hear Ya the honorable….” And so it began Chris thought.  
The days were long and boring with hours of testimony about all the detailed evidence and the scientific testing done on each and every piece. 
The defense objected, more than one an hour.  The judge quickly overruled most of the objections and the frustration was clear on Mat’s and his attorneys face.  During one of the breaks the defense asked for a meeting with the DA.  The two went to a small conference room across from the court room.
“My client wants to deal,” said the defense attorney.
“Well that’s nice but right now we are calling this one in the bag.  Your client is facing a needle.  I don’t see what he can offer me.  The DA smiled a smug smile and leaned back n his chair.
“What if he could lead you to several more bodies?   We’re talking unsolved in MA, and NH.”
“How many are we talking about?”
Mat spoke up for the first time, “I can help you close 10 cases.
“And what do you want for this information?”
“He serves 25 to life and the death penalty is off the table.”
The DA stood and laughed, “Does he want a trip to Disneyland first?  Not happening.  I could do life without parole in a super max facility.  Your client confesses to each of the murders and goes away quietly.  Any lies and the death penalty is back on the table.”  Phil’s heart rate was up well above 120bpm.  He tried to look unconcerned but he was hoping that Mat would accept.  
Mat spoke again, “I don’t want to spend the rest of my life in prison.  You’ve got to lower the life number if you want my help.”
Phil stood and stared down at Mat.  “Listen you piece of crap, I have a needle ready to put in your arm as soon as this trial is over.  I am only offering life to help some other mothers get closure.  So don’t tell me what I have to do.  Now this offer is on the table for one minute.  Then we go back into court and you die by lethal injection.  I on the other hand am going to go to my home and forget you ever existed.  So what do you say, life or death it’s your call.”  Phil returned to his seat and looked out the window.  He took his wrist watch off and noticed that they had 50 seconds to go.
Mat and his attorney talked quietly on the other side of the table.  But every time Phil heard Mat say no he would call out the time left.  
“23 seconds.”
Mat’s attorney yelled at Phil.  ”Knock it off Phil; we know what time it is.”
“18 seconds,” was Phil’s only response.
“This is a rip off.  Everyone else gets reduced sentences.  I want what is mine.”
“You’re getting what is yours,” Phil said.  “A nice needle in your arm then lights out forever.  You deserve that we have more evidence on you then we ever have in murder cases.  You just weren’t as smart as most of the murder’s we catch.”
“Screw off Phil,” Mat spat the words out.
Phil just leaned back in his chair and said, “10 seconds.”
Mat hung his head and listened to his attorney whisper in his ear.  “This is the best deal you’re going to get.  We can go back in but they’ve got you dead to rights.  You’ll die by lethal injection if you turn this down.  At least you get to keep your life if you take the deal.  What do you want to do?”
“3 seconds.”
“2.”
“1.”
“Ok the answer is?”  Phil waited.
“I’ll take the deal.”
“Good boy.  Now you just sit here and I will go talk to the judge.  Here is a pad and pencil, write down the names and locations of the other ten victims.”  Phil stood and left the room.  Once outside he told Bill the good news and to, “stay by the door in case our boy gets itchy feet.”
“Will do Boss.”
Phil made for the judge’s chambers and knocked.  “Enter,” said the deep voice from the other side of the door.
Phil entered and stood before judge Med.  “What can I do for you Phil?”
“Well we just worked out a deal and I just want to run it by you.”
“Ok shoot.”
“He does life without parole and he gives us 10 more bodies.  All open cases, all his handiwork.”
Joel looked serious for a moment.  “How is that going to sit with your boss?”
“I think if we can solve 10 open murders and still keep this guy of the streets for life.  We win.”
“I agree, I’ll accept the deal and we will do his allocution on Wednesday at 9:00 AM.  Notices will go out today.”
“I’ll let the defense know now.  They are waiting in the conference room.”
“You do that Phil.  Close the door on your way out.”
Phil left the chambers closing the door behind him and went back to the conference room where Mat was writing his third page when Phil walked in.  “It’s done Phil announced.  You will have to go through allocution on Wednesday at 9:00am.  You will be held in custody until Wednesday.   I will inform the guards that you will need paper and pencil.”
Mat just looked at Phil and said nothing.  Phil walked out the door and gave instruction to Bill.  
“I need to talk to Jack and his boys.  I think they will be happy.”  Phil crossed the hall and entered the court room.
Sitting behind the prosecution table Jack, Chris, and Duff talked quietly.  They stopped when they saw Phil walking into the room.
“Jack, the trial is over.  Mat is pleading guilty to the UND murders but also 10 others.”
“Ten others?  That’s great but what did he get for all of them?”  Jack knew how this game was played, you got nothing for free.
“Well that’s the great part.  He gets life without parole in a super max.  If we catch him in one lie the needle comes back on the table.”
“Great job Phil.  Thanks for everything.”
“Wait a minute,” Chris interrupted.  “He should die for what he did to Amy and the others and you’re just going to lock him up.  I don’t think that is enough.”
Jack laughed, “Chris what you don’t know is that Joel Med is opposed to the death penalty and the best we could hope for was life without parole.  He solved 10 more murders without giving up anything.”
Chris looked at Duff then Jack then Phil.  “So this is a good thing?”
“It’s a great thing Chris.  We are going to put this guy in Walpole for the rest of his life in an 8X10 cell with access to the outdoors once a week.  He is going to have a lot of time to think about what he did.”
“Ok, I get it.  Thanks Phil, thanks Jack.  So I guess we can all go home.  Does this mean we won’t have to testify?”
“That’s right Chris it is over.”  Jack looked at Chris and Duff and said, “”How about I buy you a celebration lunch?”
“Works for me,” Chris said.
“I’m in,” said Duff
“Mind if I tag along?” Phil asked.
“No problem, how about Hill’s?”
“Perfect,” Chris and Duff said.  
Phil just smiled and said, “I’ll meet you there in say one hour?
Everyone agreed and went their own way.

Chapter 29
Hills Steak House served the best steaks in the Boston area.  Aged in house and cut to order it was a treat that Chris had enjoyed several times with his dad and mom.  Duff had only heard of the place and Chris kept telling him to get a filet with all the trimmings.  When they got there Jack already had a booth off to the side.  Chris and Duff took their seats and ordered a coke.  Jack was nursing a Manhattan.  Phil arrived about ten minutes later and plopped down next to Jack.
“What you got there Jack?”
“A nice smooth Manhattan.”
Phil waved to the waitress and said, “I’m going to have one of those also.”  The waitress smiled and headed to the bar.  “Well did you order yet?”
“Not yet,” Chris said.  “We were waiting for you.”
“Well that is nice,” Phil said as he read over the menu.  “I don’t know why I bother to open the menu I know what I want.  I’m doing the filet rare with a baked potato and salad.  How about the rest of you?”
Jack smiled and said, “Me too.  It’s the best in the world.”
Duff spoke up and said, “The whole way over Chris was telling me about the filet.  I guess I’m in as well.”
“There is nothing else in the world I’d rather have.”
Everyone laughed as the waitress came back with Phil’s drink and asked, “Are you all ready to order?”
“Yes we are,” Jack smiled at the waitress.  I think we are all going to have the filet, rare, baked potato, and a house salad.”  Everyone shook their head in agreement.  
“I’ll have the salads out right away,” she said as she turned and walked to the kitchen.
“Duff you are in for a treat,” Jack smiled
The salads arrived and so did the salad dressing tray.  There were six choices and everyone dug in.  Just as the salad was done the waitress brought out the steaks.  She replaced the salad dressings with the potato toppings.  The smell was heavenly.  The conversation was light with Phil telling the boys that they did an outstanding job.  Phil also mentioned how few cases have this level of evidence.
“You know if I had this much evidence for each case I prosecuted I would never lose.”    Phil laughed and told everyone at the table that dealing with Mat was easy.
They took the plates away and ordered coffee all around.  Jack looked uncomfortable as he talked to Chris and Duff.
“Listen boys I have a proposition for the both of you.  Together you make an amazing team.  We need more teams like you two.  Now we don’t pay as well as the private sector but the job satisfaction is amazing.  What I’m asking is for you to consider going to the farm after you graduate.  Phil and I have discussed it and we are both willing to write your letters of reference.”  Jack waited for a response from Chris and Duff.
“Wow,” Duff was the first to speak.  Are you serious?”
Jack smiled and said, “As a heart attack.”
Chris thought for a moment and said, “So if wanted the j0obs they would be ours?”
Phil took that question.  “I think it will not be a problem.  It was your work that lead to solving 14 murders.  Ya you got the job if you want it.  Besides Jack and I approve all hires in the Boston area.”
“This is too much,” Chris said rubbing his hands on his temples.  I never expected this in a million years.”
“I just want you two to take a serious look,” Jack said.
Duff was first to respond, “Amy would have liked that Chris.”
“I know.  She would have loved the idea of us saving the world,” a smile crept across Chris’s lips.  “Jack we’ll give it some thought and get back to you.”
“I couldn’t ask for anything more.  I look forward to hearing from both of you.”  Jack and Phil left the two alone to discuss their futures.   

Prologue

Three years later as Chris and Duff stood in the graduation line Duff poked Chris in the side and asked, “We still on for FBI camp?”
“Absolutely Duff.  I can’t think of anything I’d rather do.”
They laughed and moved forward to collect their diplomas’.  Glancing at the crowed Chris and Duff spotted Mike, Jack, and Phil all sitting together in the fourth row.  Both boys waved and the three waved back.  Mike had a tear in his eye and wiped it with his massive hand.
“Well at least we have a plan.”
“Ya you needed a plan.”
“Hey now.”  The laughed as they took the stage.  
###

About the author

Born and raised on Cape Cod MA I moved inland to raise my seven children (North Dakota). Retired CIO (computer super geek) I spend my time now between my grand children and thinking up cool ways to kill the victims in my books and working interesting plot twists. I sail when I can, read when I can't and write daily. It's a cool life if you can get it! Enjoy the reads!

Meet my newest Grandchild Raelianna Shae Battle.  She just turned 1 year old last month.  This is the best part of life.  Thanks to Steve and Jess for doing such a great job.

Connect with Me Online
Web Site: http://www.stevendriscoll.com
Facebook: http://www.facebook.com/profile.php?id=1199571568
Smashwords: http://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/SMDriscoll
I also accept emails at : steve@hirethebrain.com  I will respond only if I have time so don’t be offended if I don’t get back to you or you get an automated response.  
