Chapter One

If it hadn't been for the vultures circling above the Johnsons' old tobacco field, Rose Holland would've never seen the dead body.

"Oh my God!"

Slamming on the brakes, she put the Jeep in park and grabbed her cell phone, jabbing at the buttons. Nothing happened and she looked down at the screen. "No signal," she muttered and tossed it into the passenger seat. Of course not, she was thirty miles outside of Holland Springs, North Carolina. And that, according to her Garmin, was smack dab in the middle of nowhere.

Rose had two choices: wait; or drive to town and get help.

She should wait. It was the decent thing to do, and eventually someone would come along. State troopers loved to patrol this stretch of highway that the locals referred to as a speed trap.

Tapping her fingers against the dash, she muttered, "Any minute now."

A vulture landed and poked at the arm.

Bile rose in her throat, then pity flooded her heart. He, judging by the large shape she thought it to be a man, might have a family at home. Missing him. Worrying and out of their minds for him.

Before she could question her sanity, she'd unbuckled her seat belt, thrown open the door and now stood at the edge of the road. Staring.

Steeling her nerves, she strode to the field. Her foot slipped on mud made by last night's rainstorm and she hit the ground with a splat. Cold water and mud seeped through her shorts, jolting her. This was ridiculous. No one in their right mind would even think of checking out a dead body, but something inside of her insisted that he wasn't dead.

She tracked another vulture as it landed. It too began pecking, but at a bare foot. Glancing to the right, she breathed through her nose, trying to calm her racing heart. Tire tracks and footprints intermingled along the ditch bank. Deep gashes in the soft earth held puddles of water. Was he a victim of a hit and run?

A third vulture landed.

Those ugly things had always disgusted her, even more so because of their 'nature's garbage disposal' reputation. Pushing away from the ground and running at the birds, she waved her arms and shouted, "Go away! Shoo, you nasty things. Shoo!"

After a good ten minutes the vultures decided that either he wasn't worth it or she'd made it impossible for them to properly digest. She dropped to her knees in the loamy soil a few feet away from the body, panting and waiting for the stench of rotting flesh to hit her.

It never came.

She turned and the wind whipped her corkscrew curls around, blinding her to the man sprawled over rows of dirt.

He groaned and her mouth dried out.

Rose shoved her hair out of her face. Feet. She could handle looking at his feet. Another groan and this time his pinky toe moved.

Oh God! Was that a death twitch?

Finally, she made her gaze travel to his chest. No other spot but there. The tattered remnants of a button-down shirt rose and fell with shallow breaths.

"You're alive!" she shrieked, scrambling to her feet and running to him. She stopped just inches from the body. His golden hair was matted down and dirt smeared his face.

His face.

"It's you."

Alexander Romanov's lids slitted open, revealing moss green eyes glinting with pain. "Sorry to disappoint," he rasped, his British accent more pronounced than usual. He groaned again.

"Who did this to you?" She dropped to her knees, searching his beautiful face. But for a cut at the corner of his mouth, it was unmarred. His body, however, was an entirely different story. Almost every exposed inch had a shallow cut or bruise. It looked as though someone had used him as a punching bag. "We need to go the sheriff's office and make a report."

"No need." He grimaced. "Got into a row with some mates and lost."

She pursed her lips at him. "Maybe you should rethink your circle of friends."

"I'll take that under consideration." A ghost of a smile appeared and then he coughed, a spasm of pain covering his face.

She sat back on her heels. "As nice as you were to me yesterday, I should leave your sorry tail out here to rot."

"Sorry, love," he said as his eyes closed and the skin around his mouth turned white, "Couldn't help myself."

"But now you can?"

"Can we discuss this later?" Once again his green eyes focused on her, and the need to help him, really anyone in pain, negated the desire to leave him wallowing in his own misery.

Rose scanned the field. To her left it lay empty, not even the Johnsons' fluorescent green tractor was around. To her right there were woods but it wasn't deer season, so she couldn't flag down a hunter.

She sighed in resignation. "Either I can go get help, or-"

"No!" He struggled to rise, managing to get into a sitting position.

"Why not?"

Shaking his head, he waved her question away with his hand. "Help me up, Rosebud," he ordered.

She raised her brows and crossed her arms. "Ask nicely, Alexander."

"Call me Sasha," he'd said with a wicked grin, "All my friends do."

Well, Sasha sure had a funny way of treating his friends. Why couldn't someone else have found him? She had enough going on in her life without this. Him.

"Please?" he asked.

"That wasn't so hard, was it?"

Sasha grunted. It was harder than she thought. He hated asking anyone for anything. He hated being helpless.

As she leaned forward to help him, black curls tumbled onto his blood, dirt and God-only-knew-what-else-covered chest. He had the urge to shove her away, desperate that this filth not touch her. Not even the silky tips of her hair.

The scent of night blooming jasmine drifted to him, displacing the odor of violence. He breathed deeply, then scanned the road. He found her Jeep up the small incline. "Four-wheel drive?"

"No, but I think that between the two of us, we can get you to it. The closest hospital is fifty minutes away, but-"

"No, no hospital. It looks much worse than it is." Turning to his good leg, he put most of his weight on it, then tried the other. A fresh wave of pain rose over him and he had to clench his teeth from crying out.

Rose's arms came around him, her slight form a human crutch. Suddenly, she stood, ramming his dislocated shoulder back in place.

His vision blackened, stars sparked and he shouted, "Son of a bitch!" Breathing through his nose, he fought down the nausea.

She looked up, her eyes shadowed. Did she feel any pity for him? Anything at all? Did he want her pity? Oh, good God, this was quickly turning into a let's-talk-about-our-feelings moment. Although it was all in his head. Yeah, because having conversations with oneself is entirely sane.

"Do you want me to take you to your cousin's house?" she asked.

"He's not home and I don't have a key." And as things stood, he wasn't welcome there.

Her arms tightened around him. "Can you still make it to my Jeep?"

Nodding once, he began to hobble towards the small SUV. Of course, he could do this.

He'd done it before.

***

The ride into the backwoods town of Holland Springs wasn't as bad as he thought. It was worse. Every pothole and bump served to remind him of how his new motto of "Just say no" got the living hell beat out of him.

However, there were just some things a man didn't do. Like be a sperm donor for some eighty-year-old nutter with a twenty-year-old trophy wife because he needed an heir for his empire. No matter how painful the consequences.

Now that he'd been properly punished, he'd get some time off before his uncle tried to persuade Sasha to his way of thinking again. And next time, Sasha knew, Vladimir would pull out the big guns.

"I need to change, and you need a shower," Rose said, wrinkling her nose as she parked the Jeep behind her store. "There's a bathroom on the second floor you can use. The store used to be a house and there's a studio apartment upstairs. We mainly use it for storage."

"You can wash me up next time, dear." He gave her a suggestive smile and tried to wiggle his brows, but it hurt too damn much to follow through. Moving his shoulder experimentally, he opened the door and braced for a sharp pain, but there was only a dull ache.

By the time he managed to get out of Rose's Jeep, she had the back door propped open. Exhausted, he waited for her to come to him, her sweet body his personal rock of Gibraltar.

"Lean on me."

Lean on her? He wanted to crawl all over her, caress every curve and take her to bed-the way he'd wanted to a month ago.

"It's only a few steps," she coaxed. "You can do it."

Eventually, they made it up the stairs and to the bathroom. He leaned against the wall as she prepared the shower and brought in a chair from the other room.

"Thought you might need this." She stood there, one hand on the chair and the other at the base of her throat.

He sank down on it gratefully, almost too weary to undress himself. But pride made him shoo her from the room, then he pulled his cell phone from his pocket, texted his uncle and got a reply a few seconds later. He had forty-five minutes to be ready. Sooner than Sasha thought it would be.

He placed the cell phone behind the faucet of the bathroom sink. How considerate of Vladimir to have Sasha's old cell phone replaced with a new one. Grimacing, he made his fingers work the buttons of his shirt and pants. Getting his damn trousers off was the hardest part and he nearly asked Rose to help him.

"I need to go get you some clothes. I'll be right back, okay?" she called out as he stepped into the tub, one agonizing limb at a time.

"Brilliant." Hot water hit his face, making the cut on his lip sting. He stood under the shower head until it become a dull throb. Until his battered and bruised body began to relax. He must have fallen asleep standing up, because the next thing he knew, Rose was calling his name. His eyes popped open.

"Sasha?"

"I'm fine, Rose."

He didn't sound fine. Rose peeled off her muddy clothes and shoved them into a plastic grocery bag. She dropped the bag by the door to the stairs and shivered in the air-conditioning. Quickly dressing in the middle of the makeshift storage room, she pulled on a pair of faded jeans and a green t-shirt she'd found in the back of her jeep, not quite sure what do with the very naked man showering only a few feet away.

"Rosebud, I need you," he yelled at the same time she heard a loud thunk.

Throwing open the bathroom door, she skidded to a halt when she saw his wavy outline through the shower curtain. She placed a hand on her chest. "Good grief, I thought you fell."

He slid the curtain to one side, a mischievous grin on his gorgeous face. "I dropped the soap. Care to get it for me?"

She narrowed her eyes. "Pick it up yourself."

"Didn't you need to take a shower, too?"

"No."

"You had mud all over your very nice bottom," he pointed out, the compliment making her flush.

"I changed."

"Shame, I was so looking forward to you joining me," Sasha said as he bent over to pick up the bar of homemade soap. He stood, propping himself against the window above the claw-foot tub and gingerly moved the soap over his skin. Steaming hot water ran down his body, washing away the suds, blood and grime, revealing his lean, muscular form. The large cross tattoo on his bicep contracted and expanded with his movements. Gold nipple rings flashed in the morning sun.

Heat flared in the pit of her stomach. She'd kissed those rings. Put her lips around them and tickled his ni**les with her tongue. She whirled around to face the sink. And the conveniently placed mirror above it.

"Generally, I shower alone." Generally...Really, couldn't she have just said I always shower alone or-better still-kept quiet?

He raised his brows, a slight smile at his lips. "And the other times?"

"It's none of your business."

"Smart woman to play it close to the vest. I've always loved an intelligent female."

"You love women-period."

He turned, giving her a full view of his tight butt and she ogled him in the mirror. Most of what she'd thought to be bruises on his body turned out to be dried mud, but all the shallow cuts needed to be treated.

"Like the view?"

Yes! She wanted to lick him up one side and down the other. "I'm only making sure you don't pass out. Do you know how hard it is to get blood stains out of woven rugs?"

"Your concern is heartwarming," he drawled.

"Just hurry up. I've got other things to do." She crossed her arms. Apparently, it was her go-to gesture of the day.

"It was your idea, remember?" Their eyes met in the mirror and he chuckled when she looked away, the sound making her heart flip. "I think you like watching me."

"I think you like being watched," she grumbled.

"By you? Absolutely."

She rolled her eyes. A small pot of ointment containing calendula flowers and almond oil sat on the edge of the sink. It was one of Carolina Dreams' biggest sellers for the men and women who worked two towns over at the paper mill. They swore by its healing properties.

He turned off the shower and stepped out, wrapping a towel around his lean hips. "You can dry me off if you'd like," he said, peering through his lashes at her and making her fingers itch to do just that.

Did he ever quit being so...him? "I'd like for you to hurry up."

"Repetition is a sign of distraction, you know."

"Sit." She pointed to the chair she'd brought in earlier.

He gave her a lazy smile, doing as she asked. "I'm ready for your tender ministrations."

She grabbed the small jar, determined to approach him in a completely clinical manner. "Tristan-Dr. Reed gave me some clothes and a pair of shoes for you to change into. He said you could keep them."

"Boyfriend?" His mouth flattened.

"Nice guy." Rose stepped closer and applied the lightly scented ointment to his shoulders first, following the lines and contours of sinew. He was pure muscle, smooth skin over iron. She wanted to touch him everywhere he didn't need the ointment. She traced the cross tattoo on his bicep. The broad planes of his back were next.

After applying more ointment, she gently kneaded it in, and he made small sounds of pleasure. She took her time, rubbing and kneading from left to right. Up, then down.

But she knew she'd eventually have to face him. She peeked over his shoulder. His hands were clenched into two fists and rested on his muscular thighs. Her eyes widened when she saw the outline of his very large erection under the towel.

Swallowing, she rubbed harder.

"Nails, love, watch your nails." He bent over slightly and put his hands in his lap.

"Sorry." Taking a deep breath, she walked around to the front of the chair. She expected a flip remark or even a smug grin, but he remained completely silent and wore a serious expression as she positioned herself between his legs.

The first pass over his chest had her blood racing through her veins. On the second, her knuckles skimmed one of his nipple rings and her blood turned to molasses. Nothing could stop her from touching him again. Her fingers lightly stroked his chest. A soft dusting of toffee-colored hair tickled her skin as she traced the ever-narrowing trail that disappeared under...Her hand froze. She looked away, willing herself to leave the room. Or even step away from him.

But she couldn't move. The realization that his large hand had clamped around her wrist hit her and she almost dropped the jar. "Did my nails get you again?" she asked, her voice hoarse.

"No," he said thickly, "I can manage from here." He plucked the jar from her hand, and she ventured a glance at his face. His cheeks were flushed and his nostrils flared slightly. His talented tongue licked at his bottom lip.

She inched closer, wanting to kiss that full bottom lip. To take it between her teeth and tug.

"You can go now, Rose," he said, breaking the spell she was under.

Somehow she managed to straighten and walk out of the bathroom without looking back.

Fifteen minutes later, she helped him down the stairs and to the back door.

"Be sure to thank your doctor friend for the clothes and shoes," Sasha said as he held the door open for her. Dismissing her help with a shake of his head, he limped only slightly to the sidewalk.

Despite the grimace of pain he didn't mask quickly enough from her view, Rose knew better than to feel sorry for him.

He cursed and leaned over, resting his hands on his thighs for a moment before standing and turning to face her. The lines around his mouth were white.

Well, maybe she felt a tiny bit sorry for him. "Here's your phone." She held it out and he grabbed it, sliding the cell into the back pocket of his borrowed jeans. "You left it in the bathroom."

"Thank you."

A black Mercedes idled at a discreet distance, but in the small town of Holland Springs an unfamiliar and expensive car at any distance warranted gossip.

He took her by the hand, his eyes mysterious and compelling. "I know this is a day too late, however, I want to apologize, Rose. You deserved better than the silent treatment I gave you. It was rude and uncalled for. I-"

"Just the silent treatment?" She tilted her head to one side.

His jaw worked for a moment. "No, I'm sorry for ending our date so abruptly. But I won't apologize for what happened before then. I enjoyed spending time with you. It was..." His eyes shifted, looking behind her and becoming hard as peridot gemstones. "Anyway, you're an extremely generous woman to help me."

She might have helped him, but she wasn't ready to forgive. Or forget. "I would have helped anyone in that situation."

He gave her a wry smile, his thumb stroking the pulse of her wrist with a continuous lazy glide. "So, this is good-bye."

"You won't be coming back?"

"I think two holidays spent in Holland Springs is enough, don't you?" He winked.

"Have a safe trip." Gently tugging her hand away, she left him standing there.

She walked inside her store, closing the door and leaning against it, her heart pounding in her chest. Blowing out a breath, she nodded once and sank to the floor, the dissipation of adrenaline leaving her body limp.

It really was for the best that he wouldn't be back. No more surprise visits or using his siren's voice to ensnare her like she was one of those sea-faring sailors of yore. No more spontaneous dates or kissing, or...She let out a heavy sigh.

Sasha Romanov was completely out of her life. For good.

Chapter Two

Three months later

There were very few days Rose wished she were an actual witch, but today was one of them.

Thursday had started out innocuous enough: delivering packages to Alden's; emailing confirmations for new orders while feeding Ivy; shoving strawberry yogurt down her own throat; and then, opening Carolina Dreams for business at ten.

But today.

Today, she'd been busy dusting the inside of the store's windows and had gotten a glimpse of a tall, lean form that made her palms sweat and her knees weak.

A flash of Sasha Romanov's killer smile as he inspected Retro Dayz, the store for sale across the street, made her jaw tighten.

If she possessed the power to poof him back to jolly old England or some other exotic location, like the deepest depths of hell-she would. Gladly.

He'd lied to her.

Sasha had said he wasn't coming back.

But there he was.

And here she was, staring at him through her store's front window like an Old Navy mannequin.

She threw down the dust cloth and crossed her arms. But really, what could she expect from someone like him, someone allergic to honesty and decency?

The afternoon sun slanted through the autumn leaves of the ornamental trees lining the street, highlighting his head like a halo. As if he was an angel sent to her small town. All the single women (and quite a few of the married ones) would be completely thrilled he was back.

But only if one liked disheveled golden hair, sexy green eyes and bronze skin accentuating lean muscles wrapped up in the latest Tom Ford creation. And Rose, most certainly, did not.

Liar, a little voice inside her head whispered.

Rose rubbed the gold cross she always wore, stroking it between her thumb and forefinger. It had been in her family for generations. Local legend claimed that in 1795, Poppy Holland had bewitched a visiting preacher with her violet eyes and special brew of strawberry wine. Only a woman in league with the devil would be gifted with jewelry from a married man, making the first witch with the last name Holland thusly tagged.

That had been the start of the whispers, innuendos and flat out name-calling. Just last week, Maisy Perry had referred to Rose as a home-wrecking witch for looking at her fiance and declared that she would never, ever step foot in Carolina Dreams again.

But just like always, Maisy had been forced to eat her words when she'd needed love advice. (And her monthly supply of cellulite vanishing cream.)

Rose hadn't gloated. She never gloated. She never cried or yelled. She never insulted anyone back. But she wasn't a damn saint. She did it privately, where no one could hear her. Where not even her sisters could hear her. Well, Skye anyway. Summer had taken off-again.

Rose's family was falling apart. Whether by distance or death, everyone she'd grown up with was disappearing. Most likely the women here were thanking their lucky stars Summer was gone. Most of the upstanding citizens of Holland Springs viewed her family as a necessary evil. After all, the town was named for them and the legend of the springs was a draw for tourists. Not to mention that said spring was located on Holland land.

Sasha laughed, his white teeth flashing as Jemma Leigh Jackson preened and flirted. Tall and curvy with blonde chunks of hair framing her face, the bubbly real estate agent wore a plaid kilt and high heels that showcased her long legs to perfection. Jemma Leigh was beautiful, fashionable, and every other -able word that a man like Sasha would appreciate. Words that summed up a woman like Rose could never be. Her body was average everything, she didn't care that much about fashion, and generally styled her hair to stay out of her face.

The tinkling of a bell snapped her out of her daze and Rose turned to see her baby sister, Skye, breeze through the front entrance, apparently finished with her morning visit to the retirement center. She stopped to prop their sunny yellow door open.

"Guess who bought Retro Dayz?" Skye asked, her hazel eyes shining. She smoothed the blue sweater she wore over the waistband of her flowery, ankle-length skirt.

Rose let her necklace fall back in place. "Zoe Ambrose?" The novelist was the clothing store's biggest customer. Maybe its only one. But because of Zoe's successful career and unflagging loyalty, the shop had stayed open far longer than anyone thought possible. Hippie chic wasn't exactly all the rage here.

Skye laughed. "No. It's someone you'd never guess. Not in a million years." Her dark eyes slanted to the side and Rose followed her line of sight. Jemma Leigh placed a manicured paw on the sleeve on Sasha's tailored button-down. Of course, he gazed at her like she was the only woman in the world.

Rose had the urge to throw something at them.

Suddenly, Jemma Leigh winced and rubbed the top of her head. Then Sasha did the same. They began dancing around as acorns started falling like rain from the tree. A little gray squirrel ran down the trunk, twitching its tail as a second, larger squirrel chased it.

Suppressing a satisfied smile, Rose cast a cool look at her sister. "Actually, I don't care who buys it as long as it doesn't interfere with our bottom line."

"Then you won't mind that Alexander Romanov bought it," her sister said with a sly smile. "Rumor has it he's going to open a bridal store."

Rose's tongue grew thick in her mouth and she had to swallow a few times before she could speak. "What?" she croaked.

"And guess who's looking for a place to live around here, too?"

Rose grabbed her cross and rubbed it like her life was depending on it. "Why don't you tell me since I suck at guessing."

Skye's brow wrinkled. "I hope you don't mind, but I saw Alexander this morning at Daisy's bakery and he happened to mention that he was looking for a place to rent. So, I told him-"

"Please say you didn't-"

"We had a furnished room available at Strawberry Grove-and it included meals," her sister finished with a satisfied smile. She recoiled at the look on Rose's face. "What?"

"You-we don't know him...well," she replied lamely, schooling her features. Sasha tended to make her forget who she was and how she was supposed to act. And Skye didn't know they'd been on a date. Heck, no one knew, and Rose intended to keep it that way.

"I'm sure you could get Christian Romanov to vouch for him." Skye brushed a thick fall of auburn hair off her shoulder and lifted her brows a couple of times. "Besides, I would think you'd like a British invasion."

Actually, she'd already been invaded by him. Almost. "Why would you?"

Skye grinned. "You're not as discreet as you think you are."

"You spied on me?" Rose couldn't keep her cool facade from slipping.

"No, one of my roommates texted me a picture of the hottest guy she'd ever waited on in her life. Guess who was his date?"

"You didn't think to mention that?" Rose pressed her fingers to her eyelids, then let her hands fall to her sides.

"I thought that if you wanted me to know, then you'd tell me." Skye swatted at one of the wind chimes hanging from the ceiling.

A happy tune played, then abruptly stopped as Rose glared at it.

Skye frowned. "Sorry, I was only trying to help."

Help her what-find a man, or pay the bills? Rose sighed, then smiled gently at her sister. "Don't worry about it. Besides, I doubt it would meet his standards." She silently prayed that she was right.

"On the contrary, I think your place would be absolutely perfect," a low male voice drawled.

Sasha grinned at the back of Rose's curly black head, watching as her spine stiffened and her shoulders squared. She turned and he braced for the impact.

Rose's ocean-blue eyes stared right through him, her pretty face making him suck in a breath. He was at a loss as to what to say next. So, as to not look like a complete and utter fool, he stayed silent.

As did she.

"Okay...I'll just be over here rearranging something." Skye strolled over to an antique hutch and began to move the merchandise around.

Sasha blinked in surprise. He'd nearly forgotten the youngest Holland sister was in the room. Hell, he forgot everything when Rose was anywhere near him-especially when she was in his arms. She was...dangerous.

"Why don't you go stay with your cousin," Rose suggested, her stubborn jaw clenching.

"The newlyweds are currently in Majorca, blissfully happy. And even if they were home, I'm not about to put up with all the bloody talking about their feelings. It's not healthy for a man." He peered at her through his lashes."Looks like your place is the only one that will meet my needs."

"The room's no longer for rent," she said flatly.

"A shame, really. I was looking forward to playing house with you, Rosebud," he said.

She blinked twice in rapid succession, the only indicator that what he said had bothered her. "You said you were leaving for good." Her fingers went to the necklace at her throat. And there was the second sign.

"You must have misunderstood."

"No, you said-"

"I know what I said." He also knew she had a wine-colored birthmark in the shape of her namesake that rested on her inner right thigh. He'd traced its outline with his tongue until she'd pleaded with him to stop teasing her.

Rose frowned. "But-"

"And it didn't include the words: I'm leaving for good." Although he would have preferred that to be true.

Her perfect lips thinned and she let go of her necklace. "Why are you here?"

He inclined his head to the side, trying to convey all innocence. "I'm being punished for helping right a wrong," he lied. Okay, so the helping right a wrong and being punished wasn't a lie. However, it wasn't the real reason he was here, not by a long shot.

"Karma works that way," Rose said.

He shrugged. "It's rarely Karma, more like the powers that be."

The town's sheriff, David Turner, walked into the store, tipping his hat at the sisters. "Ladies." He barely acknowledged Sasha. "Romanov."

"Sheriff," Sasha said. It was rare that a minion did anything on time, but maybe David Turner wanted to get this rather nasty deed over with.

Rose's brow wrinkled. "I thought Missy didn't need any more body butter for at least another month."

Skye gave the sheriff a big grin. "Have you been eating it again, David?"

"Missy's fine." He tugged at his collar, an uneasy look passing over his face. "This is for you," he added, handing Rose a white envelope. "Sorry, honey."

The sheriff made a hasty exit and took off in his patrol car.

Sasha watched Rose closely as she opened it and read the official letter-one that he had his family's attorneys craft-from the town's tax administrator. Her face went white as the paper she was holding before color suffused her cheeks with bright pink.

"What's wrong?" Skye asked, her voice rising.

Wordlessly, Rose handed it to her. She looked past him, out into the street and he felt the urge to comfort her. Guilt sprouted inside of his gut, threatening to grow before he ruthlessly squashed it. It was one of many emotions he couldn't afford.

"How's this possible?" Skye's lips were bloodless. She crumpled up the paper and threw it at the door. "Ten years worth of back taxes because of a mistake in status. How can they do this?" She leaned against the antique hutch, her hazel eyes overflowing with tears. "How can we make next month's tuition payment, the rent, and everything else?"

Rose opened and closed her mouth. Her eyes followed suit. When they opened again, Sasha was startled to see resigned defeat in them. He'd expected her to take charge. To march down to the tax office and demand they fix it.

"I'll get a job cleaning McMansions at the beach again." She stared at the window.

Again? When had she ever done that?

Skye shook her head. "What about Ivy?"

"Who's Ivy?" He really should have investigated her family himself. Relying on others for information was proving to be mistake.

"I guess we'll have to find a renter after all," Rose said with a defeated sigh.

"What about him?" Skye gestured in his direction, but Rose was already shaking her head.

"No."

He leaned his hip against the nearest counter and tried to take control of the conversation. "I'm the quiet sort. No pets and I don't smoke."

The two women ignored him.

He cleared his throat. "I'm excellent at meal preparations. Never leave the seat up either."

Skye crossed her arms over her chest and glared at Rose. "Why aren't you surprised about this letter?"

Rose said nothing.

Her sister's hazel eyes rounded. "I can't believe you'd keep something like this from me!"

Rose planted her hands on her hips. "You would've dropped out and God knows one of us needs to have a college degree. One of us needs to have a future away from here."

"Don't be ridiculous, Rose-"

Jumping in, he said, "I agree. I'm willing to pay whatever-"

"Get off your high-horse and rent the damn room to Alexander!"

"My high-horse? I'm the one who's been supporting this damn family since I was sixteen," Rose said, her cheeks flushing.

Skye lifted her brows slightly. "No one asked you."

"Let's talk about this later, okay?" Rose asked through clenched teeth. He was surprised that she had any enamel left with the way she ground them into each other.

"Fine," Skye huffed.

"Good," Rose agreed.

"I just don't see why-"

"I said we'd talk later."

Skye snorted. "You just want to have the last word."

Rose made a face. "I do not."

"Ladies, can we agree to disagree?" They both opened their mouths, but he raised a finger. "With a nod, if you please, my head is about to explode."

To his relief they did as he asked.

He glanced to the right and groaned. Just what he needed-Jemma Leigh Jackson sashaying her way across the street. It had been relatively easy to chat her up, and she'd been a veritable treasure trove of information as she filled him in on all the gossip he'd missed since the last time he was in this backwards little town.

"I've never seen a man look at Jemma Leigh like that before," Skye said.

He swung his gaze back, Rose's lovely face filling his vision. "If one is going to pretend to wear designer, one must get a decent knock-off."

Rose gave him a skeptical look. "Jemma Leigh is a former Miss North Carolina and all you can say is that she needs better clothes?"

"Just calling it like I see it, dear." And he could always see the flaws in others. Clothing, make-up, personality...It didn't matter. He appraised Rose, watching as her beautiful eyes glittered and narrowed at him. Well, not always.

"I hate it when a man's all-"

"Charming?"

She snorted. "Try egotistical."

He shifted his stance and heard the click of heels on the sidewalk. "Let the insanity commence," he mumbled.

"Be nice, Alexander," Rose warned.

"Hi, girls." Jemma Leigh pranced inside Carolina Dreams with a friendly smile on her face as she waved. Then she waved at him and he waved back before he could help himself. "Yoo-hoo, Alexander! You didn't say what time you'd pick me up Saturday night, silly man!"

He hadn't said because he hadn't agreed to anything. He didn't have the time or inclination to get involved with anyone. For the past six months he hadn't been involved with anyone but a woman with eyes the color of the Mediterranean at dawn, until he came to his senses and left before things could go further.

"Oh, that. Right, well..." He shot her a sheepish smile. "Currently, I find myself in need of permanent transportation." That much was true. His driver would be leaving town this evening.

Jemma Leigh laughed like that was the funniest thing she'd ever heard in her life. Skye muttered something about needing to do some office work. Rose said nothing, merely faded into the background. Or at least tried to. There was no way he'd ever forget she was in the room. He could identify her by scent alone. Night blooming jasmine. Subtle but powerful.

"Oh you! I'll pick you up in my truck. Daddy just had it painted for me. Bright pink with my name written on the tailgate." She leaned forward and pressed her hand beside her lip-glossed mouth. "Just in case I lose it in the Wal-Mart parking lot." Jemma Leigh winked.

Oh, good God. "Wasn't that brilliant of him." Searching for the best possible way out, he thought of a few choice phrases that could nip this in the bud. But none were very nice. And Jemma Leigh struck him as a genuinely nice person.

Dammit.

"Sorry, Jemma Leigh, but Alexander is moving this weekend. He's our new renter," Rose said, surprising the hell out of him. She moved to stand beside him, so close that her arm brushed against his.

"Knew you couldn't resist me," he murmured while mentally reviewing the list of all the reasons why he shouldn't touch her, shouldn't kiss her plump lips when they parted for her sweet tongue to dart out and lick at the bottom.

"Jemma Leigh doesn't need another heartbreak," she whispered. Then she raised her voice and said, "Don't you have plans with Jeremy Stafford that night? I heard he was taking you out to eat at Owen's."

Jemma Leigh's smile faded. "But he smells like fish."

Rose sighed. "That's because he's a fisherman."

"I know." Jemma Leigh's sigh echoed hers.

"I bet if you gave him this-" Rose walked to a display case and grabbed a sage green bottle, "-and told him you'd love if he wore it for you Saturday night, he'd smell heavenly."

Jemma Leigh squealed and hugged Rose so hard Sasha heard her grunt. "You're the bestest. How much do I owe you?"

Rose stepped back and gave her a shy smile. "Consider it a gift."

"I never did believe all those rumors about your family," Jemma Leigh said, pulling out her cell. "I'm going to tweet this right now." With another wave, she sashayed out the way she came in.

The sound of a baby crying interrupted the ensuing silence.

"I'll get her," Skye called, walking to the back of the store.

About a million things passed through his mind at once, but the only thing that came out of his mouth was, "Who's 'her'?"

Skye held the baby in her arms and walked to Rose.

Rose lifted her chin and took the infant. "This is Ivy and she's mine."

If there had ever been a time he'd have liked to reconsider his current occupation as executive assistant to the destroyer of lives, this was it. Sasha resisted the urge to bang his head on the counter. Not only was Rose responsible for this store's success and her sister's college tuition, but she had a baby to support. A baby. With black curls and skin the color of cinnamon.

"Your daughter?" Probably the most ridiculous question he could come up with, but it would have to serve.

Rose nodded, their eyes meeting. Unable to withstand the questions lingering in his gaze, she looked away and pressed a kiss to the top of Ivy's head. The baby blinked up at her with sleepy brown eyes.

Skye jiggled some keys. "As entertaining as you two are, I've got to get back to Greenville. My shift starts at seven." She quickly gave Rose and Ivy a kiss and hug before slipping out the back.

"Alone at last," Sasha drawled, a self-satisfied smile on his handsome face.

"Why are you really here?" Shifting Ivy in her arms, she reached for the open sign, flipped it around and locked the door.

"Because you've locked me in." He took a step closer and she took one back. "Planning to keep me as your love slave, Rosebud?"

"Stop calling me that, Alexander." Her birthmark throbbed as if in anticipation. She could still feel his wicked tongue tracing the outline of it.

He smiled and took another confident step, the motion of his lean body reminding her of a panther. By the time he quit walking, she was against the door, holding Ivy between them.

Slowly, he lowered his head. She sucked in a quick breath and turned her face away. His breath was hot on her neck, the tiny hairs on her skin standing at attention. The heat of his skin caressed hers and she half-expected-and to her mortification, half-hoped-to feel his lips.

Holding Ivy tighter, she closed her eyes.

"Sweet Rose, I'll need a contract and a spare key."

Suddenly, the delicious heat her body had been absorbing was gone. She opened her eyes to find Sasha standing a couple of feet away, rifling through his wallet. He pulled out some money and held it out to her. "Skye said rent's five hundred a month. Here's the deposit and I'll get the rest out tomorrow."

She pressed her nose to Ivy's head, steadying her nerves before she spoke. There was no way she would ever let him know how much he still affected her. "Give me about fifteen minutes to print out a contract and pack everything up. Then you can follow me home."

"I can't." He began striding to the back of the store.

She followed him to her office. "Why not?"

"Like I told Jemma Leigh, I need a car." His was expression unreadable as he turned to wait for her to catch up. That was the worst thing about Sasha. She could never trust her instincts when it came to him. But she needed the money.

"Fine, you can ride with me when we're done," she said grudgingly.

He held out his arms. "Let me hold her while you get everything together."

She hesitated. He didn't strike her as the paternal type.

"Fine, do it your way." He held his hands up.

She looked down at Ivy and then back at him. "It's nothing personal, but-"

"Say no more." He gave her a friendly smile and hopped to sit on one side of her desk." I completely understand."

"You do?"

"Actually no, but I thought it was the best thing to say at the time," he said with a small shrug. He placed five hundred dollars on her desk and began to whistle.

She wanted to laugh at him. At her entire situation. But she was afraid that her laughter would turn into hysterical crying and she wouldn't be able to stop.

Chapter Three

Rose turned on the radio and popped in a Mozart CD when they hit the outskirts of town. Ivy's pediatrician, Dr. Reed, had told her it was good for babies to listen to classical music. It made special connections in their developing brains. Made them smarter. God knew Ivy needed an advantage due to her last name.

Abruptly, the strains of "Serenade in G Minor" stopped. She glanced over at Sasha. He stared at her with a grim look on his face. "More of a Bach fan?" she asked.

"Are we there, yet? We've been driving for days," he complained, making her smile.

She turned left onto Strawberry Grove Lane, the long winding drive welcoming her home. "Only five more minutes."

"Thank God," he said as her home came into view. "I never thought we'd get here."

The pre-Civil War house had been built in 1820 for the second Poppy Holland by her adoring lover. The two-story double-balcony structure faced the Pamlico Sound and was framed by oak trees with heavy boughs of Spanish moss in their branches. Off to the side stood a greenhouse surrounded by a carefully tended garden.

After parking, they got out of the Jeep and she moved to the back passenger side to get Ivy.

Rose unlatched the baby's carrier from its base, stealing glances at her new tenant as she did. However, his profile revealed nothing, and as they walked to the entrance, she began to judge the exterior from an outsider's point of view.

Peeling paint, a sagging front porch and missing rails greeted them. Shutters hanging on by their last nails threatened to decapitate an unlucky bystander. Cobwebs decorated every nook and cranny.

Her cheeks began to burn and she walked faster, the gravel crunching under her shoes. Maybe she should have sold the place when she had the chance-before she had told the real estate agent to stick it where the sun didn't shine.

Damn stubborn pride.

But that's what kept her from collapsing on the floor when she read the letter from the tax office. It really hadn't been a surprise, but the grace period had been shortened from six months to three. She was thankful that it hadn't been reduced to one. A move that she wouldn't put past Lorelei Collins, Holland Springs' tax administrator, not after this new development.

The sins of her mother were being visited on Rose and her sisters in triplicate. As usual.

Sasha knew Rose was embarrassed as hell, the tightness in her shoulders and rigid posture giving her away. He could make it easier on her. He could say something witty and charming, putting her at ease. Then again, she didn't like it when he was charming. She smiled when he was snarky and biting. Or when he was real.

And if he didn't watch it, he'd end up talking to her about long walks on the beach and his pet peeves.

"I see you're ready for Halloween," he said.

She paused and he grabbed the car seat from her, following as she made her way up the rickety front porch steps. He rather hoped they would hold his and Ivy's combined weight. The steps creaked ominously, but held. Good God, this place needed a major face lift.

"At Strawberry Grove, we're ready twenty-four-seven, three hundred-sixty five days a year," she said.

"Favorite holiday, eh?"

As the door opened, she stepped inside and gave a low laugh. Darkness enveloped her and the hair on the back on his neck stood up. "Haven't you heard, Mr. Romanov?" Her voice was low, seductive. Bewitching.

"Heard what?" Unease pricked at his spine, making him unable to step inside with a defenseless baby.

Lights in the foyer flickered to life, but Rose stood no where near the twin lamps sitting on a table under a large gilded mirror. Instead she stood at the base of a grand staircase, her ocean-blue eyes mysterious. A black cat rubbed against her ankles and meowed.

"I'm a witch."

Unable to help himself, his mouth dropped open. "A what!"

"I'm only teasing." The expression on her face was anything but playful. She gestured for him to follow her up the stairs. "Your room's up here. Bring Ivy and I'll give you the grand tour before I fix supper."

Like a man caught in a riptide, he had no choice but to be swept along. The door closed behind him. He risked a backwards glance. The cat now sat by the door, its tail twitching.

The antique stairs groaned with his every step as he made he followed her. The interior of Rose's house was in better shape than the outside. Marginally. Faded wallpaper peeled at corners. Washed out carpets covered the second story landing. Ornate sconces flickered on and off as they ascended. He stopped to take a look out of a porthole-shaped window. A crescent moon reflected in the still black waters of the sound.

"Are you coming?" Rose asked and he nearly jumped out of his skin.

Jesus. This house was making him mental. He gave Rose a wicked smile. "Not for months-at least with a partner."

Her mouth dropped open, then she closed it with a distinctive snap. Turning away from him, she said, "Your room is at the end of the hall. There's a bathroom two doors down."

"Shall I wash your back first, dear?" he couldn't help but ask now that he was in control of the situation.

She didn't falter in her stride, nor did she glance back. "We eat supper at six thirty. There's no cable or internet, but there's a land line in the kitchen."

"Don't need it. My phone has all the apps I need."

"There's no signal out here," she said, and he could have sworn there was a smile in her voice.

How the hell was he supposed to communicate with the outside world? Oh, right, he was in the middle of nowhere and shouldn't expect modern conveniences like running water or fire. "I could buy one of those boosters, and-"

"They're bad for us."

"Yes, technology is the very devil," he muttered under his breath.

She moved gracefully down the hall, her arm rising and falling every so often. More lights magically illuminated as she passed. He spied a switch plate on the wall. He touched it with the tip of one finger as he passed by. A sharp stab made him jerk it back. Faulty wiring at its finest.

Ivy let out a whimper and the black cat following Rose turned back to look at him. "What? You think I made her cry?" he asked, tilting his head down to stare into eyes that were remarkably like its owner.

"Blackbeard won't answer you," Rose said.

He snapped his head up, but he hadn't been aware she'd stopped. She reached out to grab him. He managed to place the carrier on the floor as he stumbled, the weight of his body pushing her back against the wall. Night blooming jasmine filled his senses and he leaned closer, seeking the softness of her skin. The tips of her fingers pressed into his arm and he welcomed the dull bite of her nails.

Her eyes drew him in, calling to him as he pressed his body against hers. Full br**sts flattened against his chest and the cradle of her rounded hips welcomed his.

Desire flared. He grew hard and instinctively rocked against her. She undulated against him. The smallest of movements but it felt as if she had caressed his entire body. His erection surged. He cupped the back of her neck, her loose curls like the finest of silks against his palm.

"Rose," he whispered, inching closer to her mouth.

She sighed, her plump lips parting as she lifted her mouth in offering. Her luminous eyes closed, the thick lashes fanning her perfect cheeks. He was almost there. Almost could taste the sweetness of her lips.

He traced the curve of her jaw with his thumb.

Ivy cried out.

Jerking back, he said, "I think she wants-needs-you."

As though in a daze, Rose slowly blinked up at him, her eyes heavy-lidded. The baby let out an ear piercing wail and Rose started. "I-I have to feed her," she stammered as a dull flush crept up her face. She slid past him, the sound of her retreating footsteps echoing in the hallway.

Breathing heavily, he rubbed the back of his neck. What the hell had he been thinking? Oh, that was too easy. He hadn't. Instead he'd gone full-out caveman on her. Again. Although in her store, he'd done it to shake her up a little. Okay, to be really honest he'd done it because of pure male ego. He'd had to know if she was still attracted to him.

He leaned his head to one side and then the other, trying to relieve the pent-up tension. His raging hard-on let him know that it wasn't working. He'd been celibate by choice for months now.

Brilliant forethought.

A door shut. Rose's? He wondered if it was locked. Of course it would be locked, especially to him. He'd already hurt her once before, and it didn't matter he'd apologized, because he had lied to her about coming back and he was lying to her still. She was right not to trust him.

That would have to change.

Sasha scrubbed his face with his hand. Dinner, or supper as she called it, would be him at his best. At his non-groping or -ogling best. He would eat, make small talk, help with the washing up, get his luggage from her Jeep and go straight to his room. Alone.

He wasn't here to seduce her. Hell, he wasn't here to get laid by anyone. He had a job to do. One that turned his stomach when he'd been given all the details. One that had kept him up at night when he'd made his own suggestions to help further things along. Never before had he loathed his talent for manipulation-at least not at this magnitude.

From now on, it would be pure business for everyone involved. It would require a little finesse and a whole lot of double-talking, but there were some things a man needed to do. Some things a man needed to stand up for.

God, he needed a lie down.

He turned the glass doorknob and went into his room.

***

Rose took a deep breath and then another, trying to steady her nerves as she fixed a bottle for Ivy. Sasha living here wasn't going to work. It couldn't. He was too damn male, too damn attractive, and she was too much of a damn fool when it came to him.

She'd almost let him kiss her.

Agreeing to let him live here had so not been because of jealousy (or so she tried to convince herself.). It was because she needed the money and because she couldn't let Jemma Leigh get hurt for the hundredth time. Plus, Rose knew without a doubt that Jemma Leigh and Jeremy belonged together.

As a Holland, it was Rose's duty to give love advice. To nudge it along. Even if she'd rather bash them over the head and yell, "Wake up, you idiots!".

Ivy wailed.

Rose shook the bottle, mixing the warm water and powder together. "It's coming, honey." Scooping her up from the crib, Rose pressed a kiss to the baby's forehead and teased the silicon nipple into Ivy's mouth. Love and a deep commitment to giving this child the stability she never had swelled inside of her.

"Sweet baby," she crooned, sitting down in the chair that had rocked the first Poppy Holland born in the New World. Rose hummed, the familiarity of their routine giving her a sense of peace.

Ivy grunted and sucked harder, making Rose laugh. "Greedy little thing."

Blackbeard meowed and Rose focused on him. The cat's gaze seemed to be disapproving. "Don't look at me like that. We need the money." He let out a growl. "Leave if you don't like it, but who else is going to put up with you?"

The feline rose and stretched, sauntering from the room in a way that only a spoiled cat secure in his position could.

As Ivy ate, Rose kept one eye on the clock. She still had supper to fix. Sasha'd given her a funny look when she'd said that. Maybe she should have said four course dinner. That was language he understood-the snob.

She let out a little giggle. Wonder what he'd think of cheese grits and sliced ham with biscuits? He'd probably look at her with those sexy green eyes and say something scathing. Or outrageous.

Secretly, she liked those sides of his personality. "Idiot," she chided herself. It was his charming side that made her distrust him.

As Rose patted her on the back, Ivy let out a lusty burp. Rose held her close, snuggling with her until the baby had fallen fast asleep. She knew this was spoiling her, but Rose couldn't help it.

Ivy made her happy. Every little new gurgle and sound. Every little wiggle and grunt. Not that Ivy wasn't work; she was. At first Rose had been terrified. Terrified of holding her wrong, feeding her wrong, accidentally drowning her in the bath or not waking up at night when she cried. Most of all she was afraid that she wasn't mother material. That there was something in her DNA that made her unfit to parent.

What was worse, she knew that time was running out. Her sister, Summer, would return and then Rose would be alone again. It was her destiny.

Actually, it was more like a curse.

***

"Supper's ready," Rose called out as Sasha strode into the kitchen. She sat down at the kitchen table and helped herself to the meal she'd prepared. He sat down with her, loading up his plate and placing a napkin in his lap.

"Your house is trying to kill me," he muttered before taking a savage bite of buttermilk biscuit. "Nearly electrocuted myself in the loo." He chewed the rest and she watched his throat work as he swallowed. "Then the damn lights went off just as I started down the stairs. Hit me head a half dozen times on God-knows-what."

"You look fine," she said. There wasn't a hair out of place. He looked exactly like a male model. Dressed like it, too. The stark lines of his shirt emphasized the sculpted lean muscles underneath.

He gave her a sexy grin and winked, making her heart pound. "Glad you think so."

She rolled her eyes. Good grief. Maybe he should've been the actor instead of his cousin. She said nothing and began to eat. Polite conversation was most likely expected, but for the life of her, she couldn't think of a single thing to say.

"Where's Ivy?" he asked.

"Sleeping." She stirred her grits around with her spoon. Normally, she loved eating them, but tonight they tasted like paste.

"And Skye?"

She looked across the table at him. "She went back to Greenville, remember?"

"How often does she help you?" He took a sip of water and set the glass down.

"Every Thursday." She bent her head again, studying the cracked Formica top as she chewed on a piece of salty ham. Little gold stars winked back at her under the pendant light fixture. Never before had the condition of her home bothered her. But now, with this man, sitting in her kitchen, the old inadequacies of her childhood resurfaced at an alarming rate.

"I have a friend who'd love your house. Maybe I should invite him out here. He directs horror movies, and-"

She snapped her head up. He thought her home belonged in a horror movie?

"I've got it," he said with a snap of his fingers, "a Halloween party. Fancy dress. No, no. A masquerade with costumes. Can you imagine how many people could fill up this place? And the dark corners are perfect for a little-"

"No," she managed to say without choking. There was no way in hell he was turning her home into some kind of haunted house for his friends' perverse pleasures. She grabbed her glass of water and washed down the bite of meat.

He looked at her quizzically and stroked his jaw. "I'm not allowed friends? Or parties? Don't remember that bit in the rental contract. In fact, I reckon it's not legal. You can't keep a man away from his mates."

"It's not in the stupid contract. It's-it's the rules. My rules. Take it or leave it," she said flatly, unable to take his teasing.

His mouth dropped open, reminding her of a catfish at the end of a fishing pole. "Pardon?"

"You heard me." She stabbed a helpless piece of ham with her fork.

"I'm paying you six months in advance rent tomorrow. Surely, you could relax them a bit, eh?"

There was nothing she wanted to relax for him. She couldn't even relax in her own house, and he'd only been there for two hours.

She jumped to her feet, bumping the table and overturning the salt shaker. Out of habit, she grabbed the shaker and shook some salt into her right hand, throwing it over her left shoulder when she was done. "Tomorrow, I'll drive you back to town and you can find another place to stay."

"Wait! Where do you think you're going? " Sasha reached for her as she rushed past, but Blackbeard growled at him.

"Sic, Blackbeard, sic," she hissed, and the black cat pounced.

"Holy hell," he shouted.

The tone of his voice made her stop mid-stride in the most glorious storm-off in history. Sliding over the left side of the hallway, she peeked around the corner, waiting to see what he would do next.

He knelt down, trying to unhook the cat's claws from the hem of his pants. "Don't you know this is Prada, you mangy cur?" he asked, clearly exasperated.

She gasped in outrage. Blackbeard was the cleanest cat in Holland Springs.

"Not the shirt, too. Get off," he said, his voice rising again, "It's a McQueen before Burton."

"Oh, yes, the shirt, too," Rose mocked softly. As if Blackbeard knew or cared about fashion designers.

Sasha looked up at the ceiling of the kitchen as though pleading for help. She took a step forward, almost giving away her hiding place. If Sasha so much as looked at her sweet kitty cock-eyed, she'd smother him in his sleep tonight. With a rock.

"Look here, Blackbeard, I'd invoke parley, but I seriously doubt your superior would give me any quarter," he said with a smile, "She'd cut me into tiny pieces with a butter knife, I suspect." Gently, he stroked the cat's back. Blackbeard sheathed his claws and purred.

"That's a good puss," he said as the cat laid on its side.

"Traitor," she muttered. Whirling away, she strode to the stairs and made her way to Ivy's room. Sasha was good with animals. Even ones that stuck their claws into him and ruined his pricey clothes. So what? Blackbeard was notoriously fickle with his affections, she mentally argued. Besides, he probably knew she was watching him.

After checking on Ivy, she shuffled to her room. She changed clothes, trading her faded jeans and long-sleeved t-shirt for a cotton nightgown. A velvet robe that had belonged to the fifth Poppy Holland hung on the back of her door. She pulled it on and tied the sash into a loose knot.

The baby monitor's lights flashed as Ivy snored in her sleep.

Rose glanced at the antique clock on her bedside table. Ten minutes had passed. Shouldn't he have stolen her car to drive himself back to town? Gravel should be shooting into the air right about now, tires spinning and engine gunning. But the only sound that greeted her was the occasional call of wintering swans.

She walked to the French doors and opened them, letting in a crisp autumn breeze. It blew at her robe and lifted her hair. Stepping out onto the balcony, she shivered. Her toes curled, trying to get away from the cold wooden planks.

Out of habit, she searched for her star. The one she wished upon as a child. Every night, she would wish that she and her sisters would be good enough for their momma to stay home. But after Rose's sixteenth birthday, Azalea Holland never came back. And Rose had sworn she'd never wish again.

The star twinkled, tempting her to take a chance. She wished...Rose shook her head. "I don't believe in you," she whispered, backing away.

Chapter Four

Last night had been the ultimate in dinner disasters. He'd insulted his hostess, cursed at her cat and gotten himself kicked out. To make matters worse, he was sure she'd left him here to walk back to town. When he had checked this morning, her Jeep hadn't been in the drive.

Sasha jogged down the formerly grand staircase, dodged a lazy Blackbeard sunning in the foyer and headed into the kitchen.

Sure he hadn't risen before eleven-thirty, but he'd stayed up until three am, assuming every position humanly possible to get the barest of signals for his cell phone to work. At one point he'd leaned so far over the balcony that he'd nearly fallen. The lure of one bar had been that tantalizing.

A note partly hidden by a crystal bowl full of strawberries greeted him on the badly cracked kitchen table.

Had to run some errands. Help yourself to breakfast or lunch. I'll be back at 1.

P.S. Thank you for cleaning up supper.

Did this mean he could stay, or that she'd be driving him into Holland Springs proper when she got back? Taking a bite of a particularly juicy strawberry, he turned the note over, searching for what he wasn't sure. A signature, perhaps. But he knew it was her stationery. The initials RPH were engraved at the top in an elegant script. Surprisingly, the paper was excellent quality. She did seem to like pretty things. Like crystal bowls and hand-painted patterns on heirloom china.

But she, most assuredly, did not like her home being made fun of. Almost as much as he didn't like being told what to do. There were too many people treating him as a puppet on a string as it were. Two more years and he'd be free. In the meantime, he had to keep his mother in the best medical facilities possible. So...he played his uncle's game. He did it well in any case. A natural born charmer, though liar would be more apt.

He rubbed the back of his neck.

There was a spring hidden on this property, and it was up to him to find it. To get a sample and send it off to his uncle's lab in Helsinki. And not that ridiculous only-true-love-can-find-it spring either. Anyone with a maps app and a good signal could find that one.

Hell, Rose had taken him to that spring. Her hand in his, walking in the forest after midnight. The night sky had been saturated with stars, the breeze with her perfume.

Eating the last bite of strawberry, he threw the cap away and grimaced. There was no use thinking of that night. However, he had to find a way to get Rose to show him the real spring.

The front door opened and closed.

"Hullo?" he called out.

"It's me and Ivy." Rose trudged into the kitchen. Dark circles shadowed her eyes and his gut clenched.

"You're back early." He took the carrier from her and set it on top of the table. "Didn't sleep well?"

She washed and dried her hands. "Not really."

He managed to work the straps and locks. Ivy made gurgling noises and threw out her arms, starfish-shaped hands opening and closing as he lifted her out. "Happy to see me, sweetheart?" Ivy's dark brown eyes were solemn. She turned her head and nuzzled his shirt. He looked up at Rose. "I think she's hungry."

Smiling, Rose took Ivy from him. "She's always hungry," she said with affection and the baby smiled up at her.

A tightness settled in his chest. "About last night-"

"Forget it. You can stay," Rose said, pre-empting his apology. "We need the money and for once I won't let my...pride get in the way." Her ocean-blue eyes met his and he swallowed.

"Care to show me around your house? We were slightly distracted last night."

She wrinkled her nose, her brows drawing together. "You corner me in the hallway and call it a slight distraction?"

He grinned. "No, I call that fun."

Her eyes narrowed. "You better call it not happening again."

"Damn, I thought it was one of the perks of living here." It really was fun to tease her. To try to make her react to him. He'd bet she was one hell of a poker player. She rubbed the gold cross at the hollow of her neck. Now that would be a dead giveaway of a bad hand. But he'd probably be the only one to know that.

"Could you hold Ivy while I fix her bottle?"

"Sure." He held out his arms, once again settling the baby in his arms. "Where's her father?"

Rose rummaged through the cabinets, finding the parts of the bottle she needed and putting it together. "Who knows?"

Okay, so he wasn't expecting that answer. Something wasn't right. "I expect you would, as Ivy's mother and sole supporter. Shouldn't you take him to court for child support?"

Shaking the bottle of powdered formula and water, she turned and leaned on the counter. "It's not really any of your business, Alexander."

No, it wasn't, but men should take care of their responsibilities. And Ivy was a responsibility that Rose was shouldering alone. "Sasha," he corrected, adjusting his hold on Ivy. "Hand me the bottle and I'll feed her." When she hesitated, he said, "You look dead on your feet, love. Let me help you."

Thankfully, she was a woman who didn't want to cut off her nose to spite her face and handed him the plastic bottle and a cloth. "Feed her half and then burp her. Then feed her the rest and burp her again." She showed him how to hold the bottle so Ivy didn't suck in air and have a tummy ache. Wanting her to stay close, he began to make up ridiculous questions.

"What if she wants something stronger like bourbon? Or what if she demands I take her shopping? I can't stand Baby Gap. The clothes are juvenile."

"They're supposed to be," Rose laughed as she straightened. She walked to the living room and sat down on a sofa that had seen better days. "Just do what I showed you and you'll be fine. I'm going to be right here if you need me."

The next thing he knew, Ivy had sucked down half of the formula and soft snores were coming from the direction of the couch. "Looks like mummy needed to sleep."

Ivy burped her agreement.

***

The sound of shouting woke him up from a dead sleep. Blackbeard dug his claws into his chest and hissed.

"Off, damn cat," he growled. Blackbeard jumped off the bed, using his pectorals as a spring board. That would leave some marks. He rubbed his chest before sitting up and rolling his shoulders.

Rose shrieked his name.

He jumped up and ran out of his room, nearly colliding with her.

"What did you do with my baby?" she sobbed.

"Jesus, Rose, calm down." He gently grabbed her shoulders.

"Calm down?" She jerked out of his grasp. "I wake up to find Ivy missing, and-"

"She's in her crib."

Rose brushed past him and he followed.

"She was here the whole time?" she asked as he entered the room. Rose stood at the side of Ivy's crib, her hand at her throat and rubbing her cross pendant.

He nodded. "You fell asleep, she fell asleep and then I fell asleep with that damned cat of yours. It all seemed appropriate at the time. However, I refuse to do it again. Blackbeard's an unaccountable and unrepentant bed-hog."

Rose looked as if she couldn't decide between crying some more or laughing. Possibly she was mulling over how to best kill him. "You did this so I could take a nap?"

"It was nothing," he said with a quick shrug of his shoulders.

She nearly toppled him over with her hug. "Thank you," she breathed, "That's the nicest thing anyone's done for me in the longest time." Her hands wound tighter around his neck and he lifted his own to hug her back. To feel her sweet curves. To pull her closer , wanting to sweep her up into his arms. Into his bed.

Get a hold of yourself, man. She's not for you. "You're welcome."

"I'm sorry I thought you took Ivy."

"And I'm sorry I didn't leave you a map with an 'Ivy is here' sticker on it."

She giggled and sniffed, tightening her grip even more.

He gently pried her arms from around his neck. Or at least tried to. "You can let go of me now, Rose. I have a great affinity for oxygen."

"Huh?"

"I can't breathe," he wheezed.

"Oh!" Cheeks pinkening, Rose stepped away and pulled him out of the room. "Close the door," she whispered and he laughed. "What's so funny?"

He closed the door gently and turned to face her. "You charge up here, screaming and carrying-on, and now you're worried about being loud." He shook his head, a smile playing on his lips.

Tonight, I'm going to fix you the nicest sup-dinner ever." Rose felt so well rested that she wanted to sing and dance. Amazing what a few hours of good sleep did for a person who'd been living on adrenaline alone for over a month.

The sun shined brightly through the window near the stairs, highlighting the wall behind Sasha.

"Can't," he said, his eyes avoiding hers. "I have plans."

Plans? Then it hit her. "Oh! You have a date." She gave him her brightest smile. "I hope you have a great time. You should go to Wilmington. They have lots of great restaurants there, but you already know that. The one you took me to was really good. So was the view." She clamped her mouth shut to stop babbling.

"It's a business dinner," he said. "I'm looking for a silent partner."

"For what?" she asked, not really believing him. She had seen pictures on the internet of him at parties with very important people. People who controlled banks and industries, according to the articles beneath those pictures. So who in the world would he want to talk to in Holland Springs? And she still couldn't figure out why he was here in the first place.

Sasha did have family living here, but it made no sense that a man like him would actually choose to be in a small town like hers.

"I do plan to have some old friends down, but in the meantime, I want to get some local support from the town's leaders."

Local support? Her stomach roiled. "Like who?"

He placed his hand on the small of her back and guided her down the hall. "Mayor Jackson for one, and Harrison Collins."

She forced herself to keep walking at a reasonable pace. "You're meeting with Harrison Collins tonight?"

"And the mayor. Extremely nice lady. Must be where Jemma Leigh gets it," he said, not seeming to notice her extreme discomfort. "Aren't you the least bit curious about what I'm going to do with Retro Dayz?" He paused at the top of the stairs and looked at her, expectation written on his face.

"Tell me what you're planning," she replied lamely. She was more concerned about who he was meeting with tonight. A very specific who.

A wry grin appeared. "Don't get too excited, Rosebud."

She grabbed the cross at her throat and rubbed. His eyes narrowed in on her actions and she let go of it. It fell back into place, the heated gold warming her skin. "Skye said you were opening a bridal store."

His eyebrows lifted, and then he laughed. "That's the funniest thing I've heard in a long time."

"I would think you'd love telling people what not to wear," she muttered as they descended.

"Oh I do, but in this case, I'll be telling people what to wear for a job interview," he said.

"Job interviews?"

"It might come as a shock, but I plan to help out the people of Holland Springs. I want to open a store where women and men can come for appropriate business attire and get interview pointers."

Flabbergasted, all she could do was ask, "Why?"

He gave her a flippant smile. "I've nothing better to do."

So this was a hobby for him. Was she one of his charity cases? It didn't matter; she needed the damn money.

Silently they walked to the kitchen. He followed her to the back porch. On the way out, she grabbed Ivy's baby monitor and clipped it to her pocket. After scooping up the basket she always kept by the back door, she walked to the chicken coop to gather eggs.

"What are you doing?" he asked.

Turning to look at him, she swung the basket from side to side. "Getting eggs for the last time."

He nodded at the chickens pecking at the ground. "Tonight's dinner?"

She opened the chicken coop and began to gather the eggs. "No, I sold them."

"Do you usually sell your chickens?"

No, she loved all the animals that lived at Strawberry Grove. Even the stinking chickens. She could see his very nice, very expensive boots as he paced. Her own Wal-Mart specials were faded and scuffed."The Johnsons made it worthwhile," she said, sidestepping his question.

"They have a farm?" he asked, unwilling it seemed to just let it go.

"Yes. It was their field I found you in that time." The euphoria from having a well-deserved nap was wearing away. The reality that she was selling everything she owned just in case she couldn't keep her home and land replacing it faster than she liked.

"One more question."

Couldn't he leave her the hell alone? "What?" she snapped, then immediately regretted it. She needed to be cool Rose. Reasonable Rose.

Silence greeted her and she stood up, searching for him. Maybe he'd left. Her shoe brushed against something soft and one of the chickens began to squawk. "Sorry, Colonel Sanders," she said.

"Behind you."

She spun around and found him leaning with one hip against the door.

"I need to go into town. Can I borrow your Jeep since Ivy's asleep?"

Taking the Jeep would leave her stranded. The only other vehicle on the property was an old Chevy truck parked in the barn. It had quit working ten years ago when Skye had poured grease in the gas tank in an attempt to make it environmentally friendly.

"I'm not sure..."

"I promise to return it."

Something in his tone made her reconsider saying no. "Just replace the gas you use."

He regarded her thoughtfully. The wind brushed at his hair, lifting the burnished gold strands.

"Please," she added, slipping past him and making her way back to the house.

A hand on her arm almost made her drop the basket, but then his hand moved to cover hers and kept the basket from falling.

"Is there any way I can help you, Rosebud?"

She couldn't take her eyes off of his mouth. Or the small freckle at one corner that she wanted to lick. He also had some on his nose, light in color, but if one was close enough...If a woman was able to get past his very kissable mouth, she could find them. Count them. Tease him about them, before kissing each one.

Heat pooled in places she'd prayed were dormant when it came to him. Her body vibrated, throbbed. The woman that she'd buried deep inside of her wanted a man's touch, a man's kiss and demanded to be let out. No, not a man's touch. Sasha's. And that woman could think of a dozen ways he could help her. Although none of them were sane and some of them probably weren't legal in North Carolina.

She licked her dry lips. "Paying me rent in advance is enough." But it wasn't. And she couldn't ask him to loan her a hundred thousand dollars, could she?

"Have it your way, but if you need something, all you have to do is ask. I won't think less of you."

He sounded so sincere that she couldn't stop herself from blurting, "Cheesecake."

His brows drew together and his chin dropped. "Cheesecake?"

She almost told him to forget it, but the woman who wanted him also wanted a decadent dessert that she hadn't been able to eat in what seemed like forever. "I would like some cheesecake." She dug the keys out of her pocket and placed them in his free hand.

"Then cheesecake you shall have."

They stood there, hand in hand, not moving, and yet Rose could feel gravity slipping away.

He leaned closer and she couldn't stop staring at his sensual lips as they moved. "Anything else?"

Her heart pounded in her throat. "For you to be careful." With her Jeep she wanted to add, but for some reason her teeth and tongue refused to cooperate. She made her focus widen to encompass his entire face.

Sasha blinked, as if he couldn't quite discern the meaning of her words, and let her go.

Rose fled to the house.

Chapter Five

Sasha drove back to Strawberry Grove in his newly purchased Mercedes CLS63. For the life of him, he couldn't figure out why he'd opted for a family car when a two-seater roadster was more to his liking. More to his lifestyle.

Actually, he could explain it all. He was out of his bleedin' mind.

On the passenger side sat three different styles of cheesecake. He wasn't sure if she wanted light and fluffy, dense and rich, or whatever the hell else the bakery shop owner, Daisy Barnes, had in her store. And what was it with these women and their flora and fauna names? Lily, Daisy, Iris...Petunia. Okay, so there hadn't been a Petunia, but he had distinctly heard a mother shout, "Stop, Birch!" at a boy teasing his little sister.

Or perhaps that was the name of the tree she wanted to get a switch from to "paint his back porch red." At least Sasha was able to indulge his sweet tooth and eat a cupcake topped with sprinkles while he was there.

He adjusted his mirrors and glimpsed a flash of blue lights in the reflection.

"Bloody great." He pulled over and reached for the required documents. Taking another look in his side mirror, he muttered a second curse. Sheriff Turner was headed his way with a rather disgruntled look on his face.

A single touch of a button had the window automatically rolling down as the sheriff leaned over. "License and registration."

Handing it over, Sasha kept his mouth shut and waited. He rather thought that asking what the problem was might end up with a 'don't-tase-me-bro' moment.

"You know why I pulled you over?"

Sasha had a very good suspicion as to why. "To see if it really can parallel park by itself?"

Turner didn't crack a smile. "I don't appreciate being used in this little scheme y'all got going. Rose Holland is a nice girl. She and her sisters were sweet to Missy when everyone else talked about my Yankee of a wife."

No surprise there. She'd helped him out, too, hadn't she? Put her sweet hands on him and eased his troubles for a while. He gave the sheriff an arrogant glare. "I didn't realize upholding the law was a scheme."

Turner flung his license and registration back at him. "Men like you never get what they really deserve in the end."

"Men like me keep doing what they're doing because it works," he said, checking his reflection in the rear view mirror and running his hand through his hair. Or because they have no other choice. No way out. But he wasn't about to share that information. He fiddled with his cufflinks. "Now, are we finished?"

The sheriff looked like he wanted to say more. Hell, he looked like he wanted to arrest him. Instead Turner adjusted his hat. "You're free to go. Watch your speed."

Sasha gave him a smart-ass salute and was on his way. A minute later, his phone vibrated and he cut on the Bluetooth. "Hullo?"

"Found the spring?"

Couldn't he be here longer than five seconds? "Uncle Vladimir, so nice to hear from you. I'm perfectly fit and living at the Hollands' home. Thanks for asking."

His uncle grunted. "Answer my question."

"Sure you don't want the one that's already been found?" Sasha asked. It would be a hell of lot easier to buy that tiny slice of Holland land than to search the entire property for what was rumored to be the original spring that fed the second. For some reason known only to God, satellite images of Rose's home and the surrounding property were inconclusive. So that left Sasha to do it the old-fashioned way.

"Too many impurities. We have two months, Alexander. Two. After that Nahalah Industries cuts funding."

His uncle must be in a panic. Vladimir had uttered more than three words without insulting him. Sasha made a left at the stop sign and sped up. "I'm meeting with the mayor of Holland Springs and the president of the largest bank in town tonight." It was the only bank in town, but it really didn't matter. "They seem to be on board with the town acting as the U.S. headquarters of Nahalah. Only I have to convince them that jobs will be a part of the deal."

"Tell them five hundred."

Sasha's stomach plummeted even as his car accelerated beyond the speed limit sign's posted number. Five hundred jobs against one woman's ancestral lands. Her home. One that despite the multiple offers she'd received, she'd refused to sell. Perhaps sending that jackass of a lawyer with the real estate agent had been a mistake. He gripped the steering wheel hard, hating this. Hating himself.

"Visited your mother today. She remains stable," Vladimir said, as though he was speaking about the weather. And not about a woman who was in a coma.

Fury tried to break free, but Sasha clenched his jaw and kept everything he wanted to say behind his teeth. Finally, he allowed, "She remains at St. Francis?" He had to know she was safe. That his uncle had not exercised his rights set forth by Sasha's father's will and moved Phoebe to Childer's Asylum. To a guaranteed death sentence.

His uncle chuckled, the sound not at all reassuring. "As usual, Alexander, where she remains is entirely up to you. So I wouldn't recommend playing the hero with Ms. Holland."

Sasha barked out a laugh. "I always prefer the villain's entrance and exit. There's something to be said for style." He scanned the road, looking for the small green sign that marked Strawberry Grove's gravel path.

"Eight weeks, and if all goes according to plan, I'll allow you to visit your mother." Vladimir ended their call.

Allow? Sasha wanted to rip the steering wheel from the dash. He wanted to smash and break everything in sight. But it would do no good. He cut the engine and slumped down in the leather seat, waiting for calm.

He eyed the house in front of him as the sun set and the windows reflected the light. Inside waited a woman who wanted nothing from him but cheesecake. Cheesecake. Yet here he was, sitting in his car and planning how to strip of her house, her land. Her defenses.

Her clothes.

Good God, he had to stop thinking about that. "Dammit," he muttered. He rubbed the back of his neck. Maybe he should shag someone. It couldn't be anyone around here, of course. No need for Rose to know about his activities.

He shook his head. Why did it matter if she knew? "Oh, for the love of God." He grabbed the desserts from the passenger side and quickly got out of the car.

The soft strains of country music played in the background as he came through the back door. The glow of the kitchen light illuminated Rose. She stood at the sink, washing dishes and humming along. Ivy babbled as she lay on a mat nearby.

It was a scene so perfectly domestic and cozy that he stopped mid-stride and stared. And stared some more.

Wouldn't this be something to come home to every night? To actually look forward to, because there was a person, a family waiting for you. Until this moment, he couldn't remember what that felt like.

And it was for the best that he strike it from his mind.

Clearing his throat, he said, "I didn't know what you liked, so I got every kind Daisy Barnes had." Sasha placed the cheesecakes on the counter.

Rose stopped washing dishes long enough to glance at him, the beginnings of a smile transforming her face. "Thank you."

His formerly bad mood vanished with the appearance of her beautiful smile. He would bring her cheesecake every day for a month if she'd keep looking at him like that.

Walking over to Ivy, he knelt down to tickle her foot. She cooed and swiped at a brightly colored fish and octopus hanging from a mobile over her head. "What is this thing? And do they make one for adults?"

"It's a play gym for babies. Ivy can roll around and try to grab all the things that catch her eye." Rose joined him, her dainty feet with their unpainted toenails entering his side vision. Well, he certainly wanted to grab the things that caught his eye.

He looked up at her. "Baby shower present?"

"Skye and I went in together and bought it for her-Ivy, that is." Her pretty eyes gazed into his for a moment, then looked away.

"How old is she?"

"Why?" She stepped back and he stood, watching as she began vigorously wiping down the cracked-top kitchen table with a dish cloth.

"Just curious," he said lightly, shadowing her.

"Would you like some cheesecake?" She made her way back to the cabinets, tossing the cloth on the counter and pulling out plates.

"Why won't you answer me? State secret?" He touched her shoulder. A fork clattered to the floor. Well-worn jeans tightened over her perfect bum as she bent to scoop it up. Then she tossed it into the sink and yanked open the silverware drawer, pulling out a clean fork.

Black corkscrew curls tumbled down her back and around her shoulders, shielding her face from him as she opened and cut into one of the cheesecakes. "Almost five months," she said quietly.

There was no way the baby could be hers, not biologically anyway. "So Ivy is your what?"

Blackbeard jumped on the counter and Rose scooped him up in her arms, turning to face Sasha as a wealth of emotions played across her face. Without knowing it, she was beginning to trust him. This was going to be easier than he'd thought.

At that very moment Sasha didn't know who he hated more: himself, his uncle, or the townspeople willing to sell out one of their own.

"Summer's daughter. I'm taking care of Ivy for her."

Of course she was. Hell, Blackbeard had probably been some half-dead animal she found on the side of the road and nursed back to health. She supported her family. She'd taken him in to spare Jemma Leigh's feelings.

Men like him shouldn't be allowed to roam the earth. He rubbed the back of his neck. "Is there anything else you're keeping secret-a cure for world hunger? Energy crisis? Perhaps you run an orphanage in the greenhouse?"

She shrugged lightly, but her face was somber. "It's what family does. Summer wasn't ready to have a baby."

He walked up to her and gently tugged at a loose curl. It wrapped around his finger. "But you were?"

"Sometimes life doesn't give you a choice. Besides, I love my sisters, even when their choices affect me."

"Does everyone assume Ivy's yours?"

Rose shook her head. "Most people know."

"And the rest?"

A broom propped against the wall fell to the floor. Blackbeard hissed and Rose jumped. "Oh no," she whispered and grabbed her cross.

Sasha carefully unwound the lock of hair from around his finger. "Falling housekeeping equipment means something, I take it?"

"Company's coming." Impossibly wide eyes narrowed. "Who did you invite to my house?"

Only the town board's lawyer, Jason Everett, but Sasha hadn't actually invited him to her house. He was joining Sasha's business dinner. "I had to get your Jeep back here somehow."

"Why would you need to get someone to drive it?"

"I bought a car."

"And?" Gone was the sweet smile that minutes earlier had him happy as a lunatic. Thinking like one, too.

He crossed his arms over his chest and moved to the side, leaning one hip against the counter. "I drove it here. Got your money as well. Want it? All you have to do is pick the right pocket of my trousers. I recommend starting with the front one." He winked at her, but she didn't say a word.

Instead, she placed Blackbeard on the floor and reached for Ivy, her movements jerky and hurried. She muttered something under her breath, but he couldn't understand what she was saying. Then she left the kitchen. Without the damned cheesecake he'd brought her.

He followed, his long strides easily keeping up with her much shorter ones. "Will you tell me what this is all about?"

Black hair streamed out from her head as she turned a corner, her palm supporting Ivy's neck. "Don't you have a dinner to go to?" She jogged up the stairs.

He glanced at his watch before taking the stairs two at a time. "I have an hour."

"It'll take you longer than that to get ready," she said, opening Ivy's door.

He rolled his eyes. "There's nothing wrong with looking good. Now slow down and talk to me." He stopped in the doorway and watched as she changed the baby, put pajamas on her, and sat down in the rocking chair.

The wooden floor creaked as it moved.

"Tell me," she said, the vulnerable look on her face making him blurt out the truth.

"Jason Everett."

She blinked twice rapidly then looked away. "I need to get Ivy down for the night. Please, close the door behind you."

Oh, hell.

Chapter Six

Sasha shrugged into a cashmere overcoat as a knock sounded on the door. He opened it and Jason Everett slipped inside before Sasha could stop him.

Jason scanned the foyer as if he was expecting something-or someone. "Where's Rose?" he asked, confirming Sasha's suspicions.

"Above stairs."

"I'll go say hi."

Jason started for the staircase, but Sasha put a hand up to stop him. He flashed an easy grin that didn't match the rising tide of jealousy flooding his body. "She's trying to get her baby to bed."

"Her baby?" Jason laughed. "I know for a fact that it's her sister, Summer's."

Sasha clenched his jaw. Ivy wasn't an it. "Ivy is the baby's name."

"Whatever," he said with a shrug. "Ready to go? We're meeting Brenda and Harrison at Market House."

"Fantastic."

But Jason made no move to leave, only lingered in the foyer, his dark eyes never straying from the top of the stairs. "You sure she won't be coming down?"

"Quite." Sasha fished his keys out of his pocket and pressed the unlock button on his key fob several times.

"This place is like a living nightmare, but the perks of living here have to be worth it." A knowing smile covered the lawyer's face.

Sasha managed to maneuver Jason outside before he locked and shut the door behind him. "If by that you mean a cat that hogs the bed and a house out to get me-yes."

***

The Mercedes easily handled the twists and turns of the back roads as they made their way to Wilmington. Sasha tried to keep the conversation light, but all he could think about was the hunger he'd seen in Jason's eyes. That damned smile.

As they waited at a deserted intersection for the light to change, Sasha turned to him and asked, "How well do you know Rose?"

"Intimately." Jason grimaced. "Although that ugly-ass birthmark on her thigh was almost enough to make me reconsider."

Sasha quickly calculated how much recovery time he would need if he drove his car into the nearest tree, making sure that the passenger side took the brunt of the crash. Unfortunately, the car's safety features would prevent Jason from being seriously hurt.

"Yet you persevered."

"More than one way to screw a Holland." Jason leaned forward to fiddle with the multiple buttons of the sound system.

"Obviously things didn't work out."

"For one of us." Jason pulled out his cell, running his finger over the screen.

Sasha's fingers tightened on the steering wheel, his knuckles turning white. "Cried yourself to sleep over the break-up, did you?"

"Got away just in time. She thought it was more serious than it was. I had to stop her from embarrassing herself with the L-word." Jason shuddered. "Enough time's passed since then, and judging by her lack of dates, it's obvious she's not over me."

"Obviously." Sasha clenched his teeth.

"I'd figured I'd try to patch things up. Take her flowers or some kind of shit women like. Shouldn't be too hard to convince her, since I was nice about the whole thing."

"What a gentleman."

"Yeah." Jason nodded. "I even took her to a real nice restaurant on our last date to break the news to her."

Yeah, he bet the bugger did. "So she wouldn't cause a scene," Sasha murmured. Would the bloody light change already? He had to get to dinner before he did bodily harm to his lawyer.

"Exactly. Rose wasn't living up to her reputation. You do know about the Hollands' reputation?"

The slowest light in history finally changed to green and Sasha hit the gas. "Sorry, not up-to-date on all the gossip."

Jason laughed. Too bad it wasn't one that sounded creepy and warned women away from an ass like him. Everett was tall, fit and had a mega-watt smile. "Let's just say that the Holland women have always had a way with men. Married, single-it doesn't matter. They never marry the babies' daddies. Hell, I'm willing to bet Summer doesn't even know who her kid's dad is."

According to Rose, Jason would win that bet. "Lots of women make a go of it alone."

"Every Holland woman makes a go of it alone. No strings and no emotional attachment. It's the best damn thing about them."

"Except for Rose," Sasha said.

"There's a weird one in every bunch."

"And Skye?"

"Not a chubby chaser."

Sasha glanced at him out of the corner of his eye. "A what?"

"I'm not into fat girls," Jason clarified. He cracked his knuckles. "Rose was pushing it, but Summer wasn't around. So I settled."

The lawyer would never know how close he came to needing an oral surgeon tonight. Just as Sasha applied the brakes and began looking for a secluded spot, Jason pointed out Market House. Sasha pulled the Mercedes up to the curve and parked.

Two valets rushed over, opening their doors.

"There's a bar on Fifth that has the hottest cocktail waitresses. We should hit it up after dinner," Jason said.

Sasha nodded, tipped the valet, and followed Jason into the restaurant. "We should." But they wouldn't. If Sasha had his way, Jason Everett would be walking home tonight. There wasn't a chance in hell Sasha would spend the rest of his night with the ass**le.

Jason checked in with the hostess, then turned to Sasha. "Looks like they beat us here." He craned his neck. "There they are. Brenda's the blonde in the corner sitting with the guy wearing glasses."

Brenda Jackson, the mayor of Holland Springs, rose to her feet as soon as she spied them, waving Sasha and Jason to her table. Tall and willowy like her daughter Jemma Leigh, she exuded warmth and charm. "Alexander Romanov, what a delight," she said, her friendly smile reaching her eyes. "It's so good to put a face with a voice."

"Lovely to meet you in person, Brenda." Sasha extended his hand and shook the mayor's, then the bank president's. Harrison Collins removed his glasses and tucked them into the inside pocket of his jacket. Sasha couldn't help but think that he'd met him before. It didn't matter. He had a job to do. He gave his dinner companions a brief smile and said, "Let's get down to business, shall we?"

"The Hollands won't sell Strawberry Grove," Harrison said, his gray eyes emotionless in the candlelight as Sasha and Jason sat down at the table.

A guilty flush covered the mayor's face. "I still don't like the idea of putting those poor girls out on the street. Where would they go?"

Jason tipped his glass back and took a swallow of wine. "They can live in the apartment over the store. It's only Rose and that kid of Summer's living in the house, anyhow."

Brenda frowned and picked at her salad.

"We haven't heard a job count yet. How do we know that they won't build the plant and bring their own people over? I'm not taking it to my board for consideration until we have concrete numbers," Harrison said.

"Good point. It's hard to persuade people to get behind seizing someone's land for the 'common good' if there aren't any jobs. Looks bad to the press, too, and I wouldn't be able to advise the town council to vote for it without good reason." Jason looked at Sasha. "What's the latest?"

"Nahalah is guaranteeing five hundred jobs. Ones that pay well and have excellent benefits," Sasha said, ignoring the sharp stabs of guilt.

Harrison smiled. Something started to click in Sasha brain, but the man's next words obliterated the thought. "Looks like Rose's loan is coming due soon-in full-and if she can't pay..." He raised his brows and shrugged.

"Loan?" Sasha asked, his glass of water hovering inches from his mouth. This was quickly becoming ridiculous. First he'd been caught unaware about the former job, then the baby, and now a business loan.

"How do you think she got the money to start Carolina Dreams?"

"Please, Harrison, people have been coming to the Hollands for years and paying them for their services." Brenda grabbed a roll and smeared some butter on it. "Heck, Lake Holland sent me and Nolan to the springs. We've been married for thirty-five years now."

"I can't believe you think that love potion, mumbo-jumbo crap they put out there is real, Brenda." Jason shook his head.

She looked affronted. "Rose Holland helped my little girl catch a nice man. One that loves her and owns a business."

"And smells like fish," Jason sneered.

"No one's above a decent day of work," Harrison said.

"Thank you," Brenda said, flashing a smile at the bank president.

"So smelling bad equals decency?" Jason said with a smirk. "Guess I'll never be decent."

Shaking his head, Harrison signaled the waiter for another drink.

Placing his glass down, Sasha rubbed the back of his neck. How a woman like Rose had ever become involved with a man like Jason blew his mind. The lawyer was a transparent snob and womanizer. "Are you from Holland Springs, Mr. Everett?"

"Call me Jason, and no, I'm from a town fifty miles south." He wiped his mouth with his cloth napkin. "I moved here about a year and a half ago."

Sasha could picture it: A new guy in town, presumably unaware of her family's history, with an easy smile and charm. Takes her out, gets to know her, seduces her, and then leaves her. But could he really hate Jason for the exact same thing he'd done to Rose? Did it matter that his only redeeming quality was that he hadn't had sex with her?

The waiter placed their food in front of them, but Sasha wasn't remotely hungry.

Harrison pierced a small piece of salmon with his fork. "How did you talk Rose into letting a complete stranger stay at her home?"

"I knew her from before." Sasha took a quick bite of his shrimp and grits. "And I'm renting a room, not merely staying there."

Brenda's brows drew together. "Before?"

"The first time I visited your lovely town, I had the pleasure of meeting Rose at her shop."

"Oh." The mayor's brows relaxed, but she wasn't convinced. "Still, Rose isn't what most would call outgoing. She keeps to herself."

"All Rose needs is the right kind of incentive," Jason chimed in, "Out of the three of them, Summer's the most...hospitable."

Sasha swallowed, imagining his fist connecting with the lawyer's nose. "Rose is very giving of herself."

"I'll say." Jason tracked a woman wearing a tight red skirt as she sauntered across the room. He winked at her and she flung her hair over a shoulder, giving him a flirtatious smile.

"Azalea was like that, never turned someone in need away," Harrison said.

Sasha raised his brows. "I assume you're speaking of their mother."

Harrison nodded. "She took off seven years ago, right after Rose turned sixteen. Skye couldn't have been more than thirteen, and Summer eighteen, but she was playing house with Patrick Johnson."

Why would Collins bother to know the personal details of three women who were outcasts in their own town? If anyone else thought that comment to be strange, they didn't voice it.

Jason made a noise of disgust. "Sixty-five year old Patrick Johnson or his son, Junior?"

"Now I'm not one to spread gossip, but she lived with both of them," Brenda said, shifting in her chair, then patted a stray hair back in place. "But who knows?"

"What I do know is that Summer Holland made off with five thousand dollars and Junior's Mustang when she was done with them." Disapproval was written all over Harrison's face. "Apple doesn't fall far from the tree in that family."

"Except Rose and Skye," Sasha pointed out.

Harrison turned steel eyes on him, but Sasha didn't waver. "Time will tell."

Jason rapped his knuckles on the table, garnering everyone's attention. He leaned forward in his chair. "Let's focus on the issue at hand. I've got an idea that's been running in my mind. Destroy her business-make people think her stuff is no good. If she doesn't have the income to pay off her back taxes, well, she'll have no choice but to sell."

Brenda rose to her feet. "Either get her to sell her home the legal and honest way, or count me out of this scheme." She left the table and headed to the front of the restaurant with her purse.

"Is she going to be a problem?" Sasha wiped his mouth with his napkin and placed it beside his plate, unable to force down another bite.

Harrison threw back the last of his Jack and Coke. "Brenda will come around."

Sasha hoped to God she wouldn't. If the deal fell through because of the mayor's guilty conscience, then the blame couldn't be placed on him and his mother was still safe. "I have to go." He rose to his feet in one fluid motion. He needed a drink. Hell, he needed the whole damn bar.

Harrison and Jason looked at him in obvious surprise. "I thought we were going out after dinner," the younger man said, then a gleam entered his eyes. "Perks of your living arrangement?"

"No, I'm meeting a friend," Sasha said, reaching for his wallet.

Harrison held up a hand. "This is on me."

"My thanks." Sasha grabbed his coat from the back of the chair and shoved his arms inside, thankful for once that there hadn't been a coat checker.

"I can give you some pointers on how to loosen her up on the way back." Jason offered a conspiratorial smile and stood as well. He fumbled for his coat.

"Much appreciated, but not needed." For the love of God, did this ass**le ever shut up about his Rose? No, not Sasha's Rose. She belonged to no one, especially not to him. "Gentlemen, have a fantastic evening."

"Wait! You can't leave me here," Jason protested as he pulled the navy material over his shoulders.

Harrison waved him away. "Let him go. You can ride with me."

"Fantastic," Sasha said, then strolled through the dining room and out the entrance as if he hadn't a care in the world.

Cold October air greeted him, working its way inside his bones. Finding all of his vulnerable spots. He welcomed it. A man like him didn't deserve warmth or softness.

He watched as couples holding hands waited for their cars. As they kissed and looked at each other with dreamy eyes and talked about their bloody feelings. They would be headed home. Together. Talking about their past and their futures.

He, too, would be headed home. To a woman whose future he had to take away.

***

It was almost three in the morning when Rose heard the back door open and close. She turned over and fluffed her pillow, watching the light of the baby monitor as it changed colors with the sounds of Sasha's loud, clumsy movements. Something crashed to the floor and he cursed.

Drawing back the covers, she rose from the bed and made her way to the door. Opening it a crack, she listened. Another series of crashes sounded and she found herself walking to his room.

Wearing nothing but a cotton nightgown with small straps, she shivered in the cold night air and wished she'd had the presence of mind to put on her robe. The mass of curls covering her shoulders provided a thin barrier against the night's chill. At his door, she knocked and called out, "Are you okay?"

There was no answer.

She knocked again, louder this time. "Sasha?" As she turned the knob, the door swung open so quickly that she almost stumbled inside.

Sasha loomed over her, wearing only a dark pair of jeans with the top button undone. His sculpted chest rose and fell with steady movements, nipple rings gleaming in the dim light. Washboard abs complemented lean hips as he stretched his arms above his head, grabbing the frame and leaning forward.

"There was a reason I didn't answer you, Rose," he said, blocking her from seeing the room.

"Why are you wearing jeans?" He didn't strike her as a jeans kind of man.

His heated gaze traveled to her face. "Couldn't answer the door in the buff, could I?"

He slept in the nude? Or had he brought a woman home with him? Maybe that was why he was making all that racket. He was too busy getting it on to care about not breaking her things.

He shifted to one side and she risked a peek at the bed. Nothing. Blackbeard raced past her and jumped on Sasha's mattress, circling once before lying down. "Why does your cat think my room is his?"

Because it used to be hers. "How did you get home?"

"Taxi driver from hell. I think he ripped me off," he grumbled.

"You took a taxi?"

"I could hardly drive in my condition."

The smell of alcohol wafted over her face, and she wrinkled her nose. "You've been drinking."

He pinched his thumb and forefinger together. "Only a wee bit, love."

"I thought you never drank." Or at least, that's what he had told her on their date. Then again, he'd also told her that he wasn't coming back.

"There's lots of things I thought I'd never do." The perfect curve of his mouth flattened.

"Like what?"

"It's really none of your business," he said, throwing the familiar phrase back in her face. "You've reached your maximum of questions to ask. Thanks for playing."

"Whatever." Exhaustion hit her hard and she rubbed her eyes. This wasn't the time for conversation. It was early morning and her toes were frozen. Like an idiot she'd been concerned for him. Okay, so if she was really honest, she wanted to know how his dinner went. What Jason had said. She was more worried about his big mouth than anything Harrison Collins might have shared with Sasha.

She reached for her necklace and rubbed it, watching as he tracked her movements with his knowing eyes.

"Still cross with me?" He slowly reached for her, the pad of his thumb rubbing her bottom lip. His touch lulled her and made her stomach do cartwheels at the same time.

She dropped the pendant, working up the courage to ask what she'd been dying to know. "Did Jason say anything about me?"

His thumb moved to the curve of her cheek and his eyes glittered. "Is he important to you?"

"No." Jason had humiliated her and it still hurt to think about it, much less talk about the whole sordid tale. She lowered her lashes and she stared at his feet. They were long and perfectly formed, like the rest of him.

"When's the last time you've been on a date, sweetheart?" he asked in that sexy voice of his, sliding his hand down the side of her throat and cupping the back of her neck, the pressure light. Tantalizing.

She could lie. She could say she'd dated every man who'd caught her eye, but it was three a.m. and she was standing in her nightgown at the doorway of the man who she wanted more than anything. "Not since you and I went out. I don't really date much." Try not at all since Jason (with the exception of Sasha), and before either of them she hadn't had the time. Or rather, made the time. Most men around here wanted more than she was willing to give. But when she'd met Sasha, she'd taken the chance he'd be different.

Like that turned out so well, a little voice inside her head reminded. But he hadn't used her for sex. She remembered his cell ringing, then he'd just stopped. Kissing her. Touching her. He'd become distant, his eyes fixated on the waterfall beside them. After helping her up from the ground, adjusting their clothes and walking with her back to his car, he'd driven her home. Once there, he'd thanked her for the date and driven off.

"A babysitter is a luxury I can't afford," she added, after the silence lengthened.

He muttered a curse and she lifted her gaze higher, to the thin trail of hair that disappeared under the second button at the fly of his jeans.

She swallowed.

"Why did you come to my room?" he asked, his tone bordering on accusatory.

"It sounded like you were trying to destroy my home."

He wrapped his fingers around her chin and lifted it. "This house isn't a person."

She bristled at his tone and thunder rumbled, shaking the house. "I never said it was, Alexander. Let go of me," she ordered, jerking out of his grasp. "Some of us actually have to work tomorrow-today. I'm leaving at five-thirty."

His brows pushed together. "But your store is closed on weekends."

She squared her shoulders, determined not to be embarrassed. It was bad enough that he knew everything about her financial problems. "I'm cleaning vacation homes on Palm Island."

"In the winter?" he asked, his voice incredulous.

It was still autumn, she wanted to point out, but didn't. "Why do you care? You'll have the whole day to do nothing." She turned and marched down the hallway, calling over her shoulder, "Isn't that what you do best?"

Chapter Seven

Rose couldn't believe her weary eyes. It had to be a dream. She blinked and blinked again, her arm aching from the combined weight of Ivy and her baby carrier.

She rubbed her eyes with the side of her fist, but the apparition didn't disappear. Waiting in her kitchen was Sasha, dressed in a hunter green sweater and distressed jeans. A black pea coat draped over one arm as he drank a steaming cup of coffee.

"Morning, love. Ready to go?" he asked, his voice cheery. As if he'd had eight hours of sleep. He passed her a mug.

She glanced down before taking a tentative sip. "You know how I take my coffee?"

He tapped his head. "This brain is useful for many things. You had cream in the fridge. The tricky part was the sugar." He rinsed out his cup, then took the car seat from her. Ivy was strapped in and bundled up. "She weighs a ton. How do you carry her around?"

Rose kept looking at him over the rim of her coffee cup, letting the warmth fill her. Unfortunately, it wouldn't do much to wake her up since Skye had talked her into giving up caffeine three years ago.

"I started the Jeep up so it would be warm for us."

"Us?"

"Of course." He gave her a crooked smile. "I'm coming with you. I packed us a lunch, too. I would offer the use of my car, but it's not scheduled to arrive here, until three this afternoon."

"To clean houses?" She set the mug down on the counter, unable to string more than three words together. This was-he was-unbelievable.

"Yes," he said, still smiling at her.

"Wearing that?" She wore baggy old sweats and even older tennis shoes. Her hair had been braided and shoved under a blue toboggan.

He frowned and looked down at his clothes. "This doesn't say 'I'm in the mood to clean?'"

"It says 'I shop at Banana Republic,'" she said, exasperated.

He wrinkled his nose up on one side. "My sweater is from this year's Army/Navy collection and my jeans are-"

"Not from Banana Republic. I get it. You don't like chains." She threw up her hands and shook her head. "But you do see what I'm wearing, right?"

His face grew serious. "When I look at you, Rosebud, you're all I see."

Heat that had nothing to do with the coffee she'd just drank washed over her, making her toes curl and throwing her off balance. Bemused and unable to look away, she replied, "Oh."

A wicked grin appeared. "Actually, I don't care what clothes you wear, love. I'd much rather have you out of them."

"Ha, ha." This Sasha she could deal with. This Sasha was the same to everyone, but the man who saw through her-he was dangerous.

***

By the time they'd gotten to the last house, Rose was dead on her feet. Her lower back ached and her fingers wouldn't function correctly. To say nothing of her mind. She'd just poured half a bottle of window cleaner on a potted plant instead of water. After rinsing the plant off in the shower, she made her way to the second floor.

The sound of Sasha singing came from the kitchen. She paused in the living room, staring at him while he shook his butt and mopped the floor. His voice wasn't half bad, and for a tall man, he knew how to move his body. One that he was completely comfortable in.

And she was completely aware from past experience how his body moved. How his hands caressed and his mouth lingered. She looked away, scanning the room for Ivy and finding her safely strapped into a bouncy seat set on the middle of a large table. The baby furiously kicked her legs and made raspberries while plastic fish bobbed up and down in their mock aquarium.

"All right, love," Sasha called out, sliding over to the baby and holding an earbud up to her head. Ivy started, then gave him a toothless smile. "That's my girl."

Rose frowned. She really didn't know if she wanted Ivy to get attached to him. He'd be gone in six months, probably sooner if he got bored. Ivy had had enough upheaval in her short life already.

Rose leaned to the side and caught his eye.

"Finished?" He removed the other earbud and stuffed them in his pocket.

She nodded. "How much longer for you?"

Opening the louvered doors, he placed the mop inside and grabbed the bucket. "I already dumped this outside." He turned around, his smile sexy as hell. "I'm ready to go when you are."

Mesmerized, she didn't respond right away.

He waved his hand side to side. "Earth to Rose."

"Huh?"

"Something wrong?"

Rather than admit she'd been staring at him, she said, "You're really good with her."

"Please, women-even little girls-are easy to deal with. Pay them a bit of attention, act like what they're saying is the most important thing in the world, and you've got 'em."

Insulted, she put her hands on her hips. "You've got to be kidding me."

"Settle your feathers, love. I was only teasing." Reaching behind him, he pulled out his cell and waved it at her. "Downloaded an app on how to take care of a baby."

Speechless, she tried to think of something, but settled for marching over to the breakfast nook and grabbing Ivy, bouncy seat and all.

"Let me carry her," he said, keeping pace with her.

"I've got it. You grab my cleaning supplies and load them into the back," she said as he opened the front door for her. "I'll put Ivy in the car seat and start up the Jeep."

"On it," he said, racing back into the house.

After navigating the two flights of stairs, Rose managed to open the passenger side door with one hand and place the bouncy seat inside. As she unbuckled the straps and placed her niece into the car seat, Sasha came jogging down the steps, cleaning supplies in hand.

"I locked the front door," he said.

"Thank you." She fastened Ivy's seatbelt and covered the baby with a warm blanket while Sasha placed the bucket of supplies in the Jeep. Shivering, she reached over the driver's seat and turned the key. On the first turn, the engine sputtered and she sighed.

"Come on." She tried again, then a third time. The engine revved to life and her breathing returned to normal.

"Did that with me this morning. Have you had a mechanic look at it?" He stood by the passenger side, waiting for her to get out.

"Yes."

"Don't keep me in suspense."

"It's fine." Although Carter Ambrose had told her that she would be lucky to get another two months out of it. But if the Jeep could hold itself together for just a little longer, then she could pay cash for another one she'd seen on Craig's list. One that she'd planned on Carter checking out, because he was one of the few men that she trusted to not to take advantage of her.

He placed a hand on the door. "It's fine because it's none of my concern, or it's fine because it's really fine?"

"Why does it matter?" She brushed past him and got into the driver's side. He climbed in the passenger seat.

"Because-" Pulling her hat out of his coat pocket, he tugged her it over her head and played with the curls sticking out from underneath. "-I could take a look at it."

She fought the urge to lean into his hand. To lay her head on the warm, sweater-covered chest so close. "I'll manage."

***

"What do you say we stop for dinner?" Sasha asked as she drove along Highway 13. "My treat."

Rose was starving, but the thought of cooking and cleaning up her kitchen made her ill. All she wanted to do was put Ivy to bed, then crawl between the sheets. So his offer was a godsend. "There's a place about five minutes up the road." Honestly, it wasn't a restaurant she was interested in eating at. She'd heard the food was some of the best around. Unfortunately the hostess couldn't stand her.

Not to mention Rose wasn't exactly dressed for going out. There was a new bleach stain across her chest, and the knees of her sweatpants were grimy.

"Fantastic." He rubbed his hands together in obvious anticipation.

The parking lot was practically full. The only spots open near the road. Sasha grabbed Ivy's carrier while Rose reached for the diaper bag.

"Anything else?" he asked before shutting the door.

Yes, she wanted to stay in her car and let him order take-out. "No."

He placed his hand on her elbow, gently guiding her to the entrance. "If you like, we can get it to go. I'll drive while you eat."

She was wary of this new Sasha. One that was trying to be considerate and attentive to her needs. "Ivy needs to eat, too."

Smiling a little, he lifted a shoulder. "Whatever you want, Rose."

***

Well, the hostess certainly looked like she knew what she wanted. As they walked in, Gillian Perry's hungry gaze slid over Rose and zeroed in on Sasha. Which was entirely fine with her. She'd rather not be noticed at all.

Gillian had hated her ever since Rose had told Gillian's ex-boyfriend that he shouldn't go looking for Holland Springs with her. Said boyfriend had not only broken up with Gillian and spilled his guts about the Rose's advice, but within the next month, had found the woman he was supposed to be with and they'd eloped.

Ducking her head, she scooted behind Sasha. His broad shoulders obscured her view (and anyone else's of her) as they waited.

Ivy fussed and he set the carrier down on the floor so Rose could take her out. The baby went into Rose's arms eagerly, but when she wasn't given a bottle, she began to cry in earnest.

"What can I do to help?" Sasha gently rubbed Ivy's head.

"She's hungry. I need some warm water for her bottle." She gently bounced the baby in her arms, trying to calm her. "Just a few more minutes, baby girl."

"Can we have some warm water, please?" Sasha asked Gillian.

"You can have anything you want, sugar. On the menu or off. I'm done at ten," she purred.

"Fantastic. I'll recommend your pub to all my friends. Now about that water," Sasha merely said, shocking Rose. She thought he would've flirted back with Gillian. He turned and faced to her, his golden head tilting down. "My girls okay?"

Now that he was here, she was. Good grief. Lack of sleep was making her lose her mind, but she gave him what was probably the biggest, goofiest grin in history anyway. "Doing great, honey."

One side of his sexy mouth tilted at the corner and he braced a hand against the wall beside her, the other hung loosely at his side. "Are we to have pet names for one another, Rosebud?"

She peered at him under her lashes, heat rising to her cheeks. Sasha called her by her full name when she least expected it. Somehow, he made it sound like an endearment. As always it threw her off balance. "I was only teasing."

Ivy let out an ear-piercing shriek.

Of course, what seemed like everyone in the entire restaurant stopped talking and started staring. Rose's face began to burn and her skin felt all tingly.

"Hush, baby girl. It's okay," she whispered, but the baby wasn't having it and cried harder, fat tears rolling down her cheeks. She glanced up at Sasha, fully expecting him to be annoyed, but sympathy gleamed in his eyes. The apology she was about to say never left her mouth.

He held out his hands. "Let me take her."

As soon as she handed him Ivy, the baby settled down, her cries reduced to hiccups and sniffles. Rose was gratefully annoyed.

Sasha held Ivy securely in his strong arms, his large palm on the back of her head. "Seriously, Rose, let's get something to go, and I'll drive while you eat."

She placed a hand on his arm. "Thank you."

"Don't thank me. We're a team." He grinned at her, his perfect lips tilting up and making her stomach drop.

"Why, look what the cat drug in," Gillian said, holding a mug in her hand. "I'd heard one of you had a baby." Turning to Sasha, she said, "Is she trying to pass this one off as yours?"

Sasha's green eyes hardened. "Who says this one's not mine?"

Gillian blinked. She looked pointedly at Ivy, then back at him. "She doesn't look a thing like you, if you know what I mean."

This wasn't the first time Rose had been subjected to cruel remarks concerning Ivy, but usually it was more about the Holland reputation than anything else. "Thank you for the water, Gillian." Rose took the mug. "I'll fill up Ivy's bottle and we'll be on our way."

"Ivy takes after my mother," Sasha said and pressed a kiss on top of the baby's head before leaning back to look at her. "Don't you, darling?" Ivy's watery eyes crinkled at the corners as she smiled at him. "That's my girl."

Rose sucked in air. Not since high school had anyone outside of her family defended her. Her heart did several little flips as she searched through the diaper bag one-handed. After mixing the formula, she stood and passed the empty mug back to Gillian.

Sasha held out his hand. "Let me feed her this time, sweetheart."

"Okay."

Rose passed him the bottle. Ivy latched on eagerly, sucking like crazy on the nipple.

"Eat your fill, darling," he said with a smile and the baby reached up with one hand to touch his jaw.

"Anything else?" Gillian crossed her arms over her ample chest.

He looked at Rose. "Is there another place you and I can eat?"

Rose glanced at the woman scowling at her. Lifting her chin, she said, "I'm starving and so are you. We're eating here."

"I'll not have her insult you and profit from it," he murmured into Ivy's curls.

A little smile formed on her lips. "Then you'll be extremely limited with where you shop and eat around Holland Springs."

Leaning down, he gave the appearance of kissing her cheek, but did no more than rub his jaw against her as he whispered in her ear. "Make a list, love."

Rose's heart sprinted, stuttered, and then passed out.

***

That evening, after putting Ivy to bed, Rose made her way down to the family room and found Sasha watching re-runs of Paula Dean's cooking show.

"Paula, you naughty minx, there can never be too much butter." He leaned forward, resting his elbows on his knees.

She cleared her throat and sat down beside him on the sofa, drawing her knees up and her legs over to the side. "If you see something you'd like for me to fix for supper one night, let me know."

"Hullo, sweetheart." He gave her a friendly smile. "I might take you up on that very delicious offer."

A warmth that had nothing to do with desire spilled into her. It was nice to have someone to talk to besides Blackbeard, after Ivy went to bed. Heck, it was nice to talk to anyone that could talk back in complete sentences. "Thank you for supper and...well, everything you did today. Yesterday, too. My nap. I was really sleepy." Great. She sounded like a complete moron.

Clicking off the T.V., he turned to her and laid an arm across the back of the sofa. Although he wasn't touching her, it was as if she could feel the tips of his fingers brush against her shoulder. He tilted his head to one side, studying her.

She looked away and picked at the fuzz on the arm of the sofa.

"It was my pleasure. If you'd like, I'll help you clean next Saturday, too." Just as she glanced up, a wry smile covered his face. "Since I have nothing better to do."

The back of her neck heated. At the time, she had meant what she'd said, but now... "I'm sorry for saying that. I was angry-"

"Don't." He leaned into her. The clean, male scent of his body invaded her senses His golden hair was dark where it was still damp from his shower. She wanted to run her fingers through it and almost had to sit on her hands to stop herself.

"Still, it wasn't nice," she insisted.

He raised a brow. "I'm not a nice man."

Rose lifted her own brow. "Really? So not-nice men get up at the crack of dawn to help clean? Not-nice men let sleep-deprived aunts get naps? Not-nice men bring cheesecake?" She placed her hand on his knee. "Not-nice-"

He shot to his feet, dislodging her hand, and she blinked.

"I'm tired," he said, his voice gruff. "Massively so."

Searching his face, she found shadows under his eyes and weariness in the lines around his mouth. Despite his meeting and late night, he had worked his tail off for her and hadn't complained once. Well, if she didn't count his constant need to point out the huge flaw in decorating a house at the beach with beachy items.

"Do vacationers really need to be reminded where they are?" he had said, shuddering at a living room decorated with fishermen's nets and buoys. "Sand in awkward places not enough?

"I need to turn in for the night, too. I have lots to do around the house tomorrow," she said with a crooked smile.

"Need some help?"

She nodded. "Some of those are things that I can't do myself."

Briefly his eyes closed. When they opened, they were completely guarded. "I'll see you in the morning. Good night." He strode from the room.

Rose sighed and stretched out on the cushions of the sofa, flexing her toes and calves. Blackbeard jumped on her stomach and meowed. She teased his whiskers. "What do you think of him?"

Blackbeard kneaded her sweater and purred, completely content.

"Me, too," she said, stroking his back.

Chapter Eight

"If you clean that one more time, the finish is going to come off."

The pot fell into the sink with a loud bang.

Crap, she'd been caught. For the past thirty minutes, Rose had been staring out of the window over the kitchen sink while Sasha chopped wood. Ten minutes ago, he'd taken off his shirt and her mouth had dried out. Five minutes ago he'd stretched and flexed his arms and her knees had gone weak.

Cheeks heating, she dried her hands on the kitchen towel and turned to face her sister. "How long have you been standing there?"

"Long enough." Skye moved to stand beside her, giving Rose a quick hug. "Can't say I blame you. The view is amazing."

Rose couldn't fight the giggle. "Yes, it is."

Sasha's arms and shoulders glistened in the noon sun. The ax made a perfect arc before it split another piece of wood in half.

They both sighed.

"Man-candy Sunday," Skye said dreamily, "We should sell tickets."

"Skye!" Rose smacked her sister with the towel.

"Ouch!" Skye held up her hands and scooted away. "I'm just trying to think of ways to pay off our back taxes."

"Oh, honey, don't. Concentrate on school instead."

A slight flush filled Skye's freckled face. "I want to apologize for the other day. You and Summer have always taken care of me, and I sounded like an ungrateful brat."

"I'd already forgotten about it, but thank you. Besides, you're the baby and it's our job to take care of you." Rose tapped her sister's nose.

Skye rolled her eyes.

They both turned back to the amazing view of Sasha doing shirtless manual labor.

A little sigh left Rose's mouth before she could stop it.

"Go give him this." Skye handed her a glass of iced tea, giving her a little push toward the back door. "I'll listen out for Ivy."

"Well, I guess he could use something to cool off," Rose reasoned. "He's been out there for an hour."

"He's chopped enough wood for a dozen fireplaces," Skye said, a knowing look on her face. "Wonder what kind of frustration he's working off?"

Rose wasn't about to answer that question. She started for the door, then stopped and turned to face her sister. "What are you doing here, anyway?"

Skye grinned. "I was visiting a friend and something told me to come by." She gave Rose another push. "Quit stalling and get out there."

"I'm going," she mumbled and opened the door. Unseasonably warm air hit her face and bare arms as she walked outside. Brown grass stabbed the soles of her feet. How could she have forgotten her shoes?

Sasha entered her line of vision. Tanned skin and pierced ni**les gleaming in the sun. His jeans hung low on his hips, making her want to trace the line of hair that she knew dipped out of sight.

Oh, right-he was why she'd forgotten her shoes.

The wind picked up when she was only a few feet away, blowing her hair forward. Sasha paused, then embedded the ax into a piece of wood and turned. "Hullo, Rose."

"Here." She thrust the tea at him, misjudged the distance and ended up colliding with his chest. Tea sloshed over the sides, down his chest and her hand.

"Holy hell, that's cold!" His stomach contracted.

"Oh God, I'm sorry." She couldn't stop staring at the liquid as it made its way down his abdomen. Slowly, she wiped her hand on her skirt.

He pulled off one of his gloves, tossing it to the side before taking the glass from her. "Don't suppose you brought something to get this off of me."

Rose licked her bottom lip as she thought of licking the sweet liquid from his skin with her tongue. How'd it would taste sweet and...she heard a sharp intake of breath and her eyes flew up to his.

In their mossy depths glinted amusement and desire. "Care to share what you're thinking?"

Her eyes widened. "No, I mean, I'll go get you something."

"I got it, love. No worries." He drank what was left of the tea and handed her the glass. "My thanks." Gesturing to the piles of wood, he asked, "This enough for you?"

"Ah..."

He drew his brows together, still not wiping the tea from his skin. Dear God, would he wipe it away? She took a step forward, grabbed his shirt from the top of a stump and toweled him off. His hand came around hers, stopping her maniacal cleaning and taking away his shirt. "It's a good thing Skye's the one who wants to be a midwife, because your bedside manner leaves much to be desired." He shook the material out, making a face at the spots of tea.

"My...you-wait, who told you that?" She tilted her head to one side and gripped the glass. Ice melting made it slightly slippery.

She must have imagined the look of panic that registered in his eyes, because in her next heartbeat he was smooth as the body butter she sold in her store. "Jemma Leigh, who else?"

"Oh." She shifted from one foot then the other while he stared at her, a small smile on his lips. The sun chose that moment to shine directly on his chest, highlighting his nipple rings. Annoyed, she glanced back at the house, spying her sister in the kitchen window with her hand over her mouth. Skye was laughing at her. Laughing and enjoying Rose's discomfort.

Rose narrowed her eyes. "Stop it."

The rod holding the curtain fell sideways, obscuring her sister's view. A large cloud covered the sun. Rose heard a peal of laughter from the house and frowned.

"Was that Skye?" Sasha asked.

She turned back to him and nodded.

"Don't you need to check on her? It looks like the curtain rod nearly took her head off." He stared at the window, his brow furrowed as if he were trying to solve a puzzle.

"I have to go." She made her way to the forcing house (a structure that most people would call a greenhouse.), entering through the gate and plucking a sprig of lavender. Once inside, she tucked the lavender in her hair and set the glass down on one of the many wooden tables. Like every Poppy Holland before her, Rose forced fruits, vegetables, flowers and herbs to grow out of season in order to make 'potions' and creams.

Familiar scents of rosemary, lemon verbena, and honeysuckle inundated her, settling her nerves. She took a deep breath and began checking the pots of herbs and flowers for insects, mold and dryness. Time seemed to fall away as she got into a groove of removing dead leaves and flower heads. Mentally, she sorted through the plants she needed to make her next batch of shampoo and conditioner: chamomile, aloe, and-?

She glanced around, deciding on peaches. She picked a few and carefully placed them in a nearby basket before making a snack out of one. Snapping off a couple of mint leaves, she popped them in her mouth and picked up an empty watering can. The lemon verbena felt a little dry, and two containers of sage would have to be replaced soon.

"Is this your hiding place?"

Startled, Rose dropped the can. It bounced on the hard-packed earthen floor, a hollow sound echoing as it came to a stop at Sasha's feet. He held Ivy in his arms. The baby looked content as she snuggled against him.

Rose swallowed and closed the distance between them to pick up the watering can. "I'm not hiding."

"Meditation room?"

She bit back a smile as she stood. "Did she just wake up?" After setting the can down, she clapped her hands and held them out to Ivy. The baby smiled and leaned forward, arms waving.

"I fed Ivy after my shower, but Skye took care of the whole diaper-changing affair." Sasha shuddered. "There's not enough money in the world to make me touch a diaper-at least not without a hazmat suit, and those aren't flattering for my physique. Or anyone's, really."

This time Rose couldn't help but laugh. "It's not that bad."

He inclined his head to one side and lifted a brow.

"Okay, sometimes it is." She dug her toes into the dirt and kissed Ivy's sweet curls. "Did Skye leave?"

"About fifteen minutes ago."

"What in the world have you and Ivy been doing?" Rose hoisted Ivy up higher on her hip.

He examined a trellis laden with honeysuckle. "We debated wearing white after Labor Day. I let her win, of course."

It was easy to be dazzled by him, to be charmed and lulled. What wasn't easy was seeing who he belonged with. She tried her best to picture the woman who would capture his heart-something that should've been as easy as growing dandelions in the front yard. Maybe it only worked on the people in town. People she knew and had grown up with. People whose needs and wants were transparent as soon as they entered her store.

But Sasha...Rose lightly swayed from side to side, gently bouncing Ivy. Sasha was as mysterious as the Pamlico Sound at twilight.

He meandered around the glass-enclosed building, pausing every so often to read labels or sniff at a flower. When he got to the strawberry plants, he turned to her. "These the same ones you set out for me?"

"Yes." They were also the ones used to make strawberry wine. A wine thought to be an aphrodisiac, and had been sold as a love potion during the late eighteenth century. A wine that every Poppy Holland shared with her favorite lovers. Her cheeks flushed as their eyes met.

What Sasha wouldn't give to know what made her blush. "How much time do you spend in here?"

"As much as I can."

"What's your favorite flower?" Sasha asked, and she took a step toward the door. Beautiful blue eyes wary as hell. "Don't leave. I only want to get to know my landlady a bit better. You've already shared your favorite dessert with me."

Wariness gave way to a tentative smile. "Sunflowers. They have lots of uses. You can use the oil from the seeds for cooking, or applying directly to patches of rough skin. Paper can be made from them, even rope from their fibers." She bit her lip, her gaze darting over his face. "I'm boring you."

Ivy squirmed in Rose's arms.

"Actually, I find you quite riveting." He leaned against a table and a cluster of white flowers caressed his face. He brushed the flowers away, then nodded to Ivy. "Would you like for me to hold her?"

"No."

"You were saying." Her brows drew together and he smiled, gesturing to the neat row of sunflowers behind her. "The Swiss Army Knife of flora and fauna."

"Oh, well, people think sunflowers follow the sun, but they don't-not after the first few days." She shifted Ivy to her other hip. "They like to face east."

"Useful information if I'm ever lost." He scratched his chin, then looked down. A vine with purple flowers seemed to twine around his ankle. Out of the corner of his eye, he saw Rose shake her head and the vine actually moved away from him. He jerked his head up, then blinked at the innocent look in Rose's eyes. He'd been chopping wood in the sun for far too long.

She studied his face for a moment. "Did you know that the seeds are said to relieve Whooping Cough and get rid of fevers? My momma used to give us a tonic of sunflower oil and water whenever we got sick. But I prefer to roast the seeds and eat them. My chickens like to eat the seeds when I'm done. I mean, I didn't regurgitate them. I was talking about the other ones." She glanced away.

Ivy grabbed her hair and tried to shove it into her mouth.

Dammit. He hadn't meant to embarrass her. He'd only wanted to keep her with him longer, to truly get to know her. To find out all her secrets and where that damn spring was hiding. That was top on his list, of course. "Brilliant. Now tell me what flower is really your favorite-purely aesthetic. No medicinal uses like curing toad warts on a man's intestines." Gently, he helped untangle Rose's hair from the baby's grip.

"For that you'd...Oh, you were joking."

"Only a little," he replied and rubbed the back of his head.

She took a step forward, then another until she stood directly in front of him. Reaching out, she brushed away the white flowers that continued to smack him in the face. He shivered.

"Do you really want to know?" she asked softly.

Leaning forward, he bent his head to hers. The heady fragrance of jasmine filled his senses. "Tell me."

"Violets are my favorite." Her words were sweet and hot against his lips. The greenhouse grew hotter, more humid, and the flowers more fragrant, but nothing as potent as her. Rose's face seemed to glow and his heart thudded loudly in his chest. "Flowers have a language of their own. Sometimes, I'd rather talk to them than anyone else."

A bead of sweat trickled down his back. He should concentrate on something else. Anything. He looked for Ivy, but she wasn't in Rose's arms anymore. There was a pram near the door. Rose must have laid her down. White flowers brushed his face again, directing his attention back to the lovely vision standing so close.

Swallowing, he said, "And what do violets say?"

"I'll always be yours." A cluster of pink flowers touched her shoulder, then grazed the top of her br**sts. Her lashes lowered, hiding her beautiful eyes from him.

"Mine," he whispered and an image formed in his head. One of him gently laying her down on a thick carpet of flower petals on the floor, sinking his hands into her hair, and kissing-

A cold breeze hit him and he blinked, stunned to find his arms holding air and Rose by the door with Ivy on her hip.

"It's too hot for her to stay in here long." She turned and walked through the doorway. The white gate closed behind her with a distinctive click.

"And for me," he mumbled. He was hot as hell and painfully aroused.

He started to follow Rose and nearly tripped on the vines at his feet. Kicking them away, he moved to the door. Blackbeard met him at the gate, a reproachful look in his eyes.

"Nothing happened," he told the cat as he made his way back to the house.

After jogging up the few stairs on the back porch, he strode through the kitchen and took the grand staircase two steps at a time. In record time, he'd changed into his trainers and a pair of sweatpants. Rose and Ivy were nowhere to be found as he moved through the house, making his way to the front door.

"Time to start doing what I came here for," he said and began to run.

And plan.

***

Sasha stood in his "new" store, staring out of the dusty window. The faded vinyl letters of 'Retro Dayz' in no way obscured his view of Carolina Dreams.

Men and women went in and out of Rose's shop all day long. With his door propped open, he could hear the bells ring every time her sunny door opened.

In order to look like he was actually doing something, he'd brought his laptop and sat down in a wildly leaning to one side rolling desk chair at the old counter. As he ordered new equipment and sent emails to friends asking for donations, he kept one eye on Carolina Dreams.

He didn't know how she did it. It seemed as though Rose was always moving, always helping someone. Sometimes with Ivy in her arms. Not until a little after one in the afternoon did traffic to her store finally die down.

A group of four women-including Jemma Leigh-exited Rose's shop, their laughter carrying to him. To his amazement Rose trailed behind them, but she stopped to prop open her door with a big pot of some kind of green plants with huge red flowers.

"Come to lunch with us, Rose," Jemma Leigh said with a smile.

Rose froze in place.

Sasha stood, moving to the window to get a closer look. Why did Rose look so surprised at the invitation? She had to have girlfriends-all women did.

"Oh please come," An auburn haired woman wearing square glasses said. "Maybe you could give Christina a love hint."

"Sage Caswell!" Christina said, a blush forming on her cheeks as she lightly bumped her friend with her hip. "Well, my momma swears by your family. So whatever help you can give me, I'll take it."

A smile began to tilt Rose's lips at the corners, but the fourth in their quartet banished it. "Not with that baby," the brunette with straight brown hair snapped. "This is my one day without kids."

Sasha narrowed his eyes at the self-centered women. "Rose never gets a day without kids," he said under his breath.

Rose turned to Christiana. "It's Jacob Mansell."

Christina smiled and clapped her hands together, then reached out to hug Rose.

Quickly side-stepping the woman, Rose tucked a loose curl behind her ear and grabbed the sign by the door, repositioning it. "Y'all have fun." She disappeared into her shop.

Sage frowned. "You really know how to make a person feel welcome."

Jemma Leigh punched the brunette in the shoulder. "Way to go, Bernice."

Bernice rubbed her shoulder, leading the way as the group of women followed. "I don't know why you're so hell-bent on her coming, Sage. It's not like you and Joaquin worked out."

"You need to apologize to Rose before I do more than hit you on your shoulder," Sage said, her eyes narrowing.

"You tell her, Sage," Sasha said, crossing his arms over his chest.

"I'm not apologizing for-Oh, my God-did a bird just poop in my hair?" Bernice patted her hair, coming away with some whitish-gray goop in her hand. She let out a screech.

A little blue bird swooped down, finding a spot on the awning over Carolina Dreams' door. It twittered joyfully, and Sasha's jaw dropped. He swung his gaze back to the foursome, entirely satisfied to see the other three women laughing at Bernice.

Rose peeked out of her door, her eyes widening as she clamped a hand over her mouth. He kept himself from laughing, worried that she'd hear him and know he was spying on her.

However, he couldn't stop the ache that began to form in his chest when her hand fell away and the longing on her face as the women walked around the corner eclipsed the sunny afternoon.

***

Sasha squeezed the stuffed rabbit he bought Ivy, making it squeak, and the baby squealed with delight.

Ivy's dark brown eyes crinkled at the corners as she drooled and babbled. "Don't think you'll lure me in with those ridiculous lashes. I'm made of sterner stuff," he said, but then the baby just had to smile at him. And his heart lurched.

"He's too old for you, baby girl," Rose said, sitting down on the faded rug beside him and handing him a cup of green tea.

"Thanks." He leaned against the sofa and stretched his legs out on either side of Ivy's blanket. Rose grabbed Ivy just as she tried to eat his sock and placed her back in the middle. "You're quite good at the whole mummy thing."

"Baptism by fire," she said softly. "I was scared to death, but now..."

He leaned forward to set the tea on the coffee table, then settled against the couch again. "Now what?"

"Now I feel guilty because I don't want Summer to come back. I want to keep Ivy forever," she said with a little hitch to her voice. Her eyes glistened with unshed tears.

"I'm sure you'll do what's best for Ivy." He wouldn't insult her by saying everything would be okay. That she'd be okay. That maybe Summer wouldn't come back after all and Rose could keep Ivy forever.

Life wasn't fair, because if it were, he'd still have his dad and a mother who wasn't in a coma. He wouldn't be a pawn in his uncle's schemes. He wouldn't be a villain. One that was sitting on the floor with the woman who'd saved him while he plotted against her and all that she cherished.

"I know." She swiped a finger across her lashes, then a smile curved her sweet lips. "Where have you been?"

Blackbeard slunk into the room, his bushy tail hitting Sasha in the leg. The cat eyed a half-eaten slice of cheese cake. He jumped on top of the scratched coffee table to inspect it closer.

Sasha gave the cat a mock grimace and shook the rabbit at him. "I can tell you where that damn cat's been. In my bed and under my covers, making himself at home. I've been choking on cat hair. That beast of yours likes to sleep on my neck."

"Poor baby." Rose laughed and his heart turned over. "It's only been a little over a week."

It seemed a lot longer to him. Maybe because he spent every night listening to the sounds of her humming to Ivy. Of her asking about his day, his store, and what he wanted to eat that night. Watching as she ventured out of her shop and over to his, bringing him lunch, but never staying to eat with him. As she picked flowers and talked to Blackbeard as if he were human.

As he searched for weakness and only found his own.

Not once had she mentioned the "real" Holland Springs and not once had he asked her.

In the fireplace, a blazing fire crackled and snapped while the sounds of indie rockers lamenting their love lives, but not their unfortunate fashion choices (which never failed to boggle Sasha's mind) filled the silence.

"Looks like she's feeling much better." This morning, when Ivy had woken up with a fever and Rose had been frantic, he'd volunteered to go to Palm Island and clean so Rose would have one less thing to worry about. She'd given him another one of her tight hugs in thanks, and he'd driven to the ferry, happy as lunatic-again.

"Dr. Reed said kids do that. One minute they're sick, and the next they're bouncing off the walls. Or trying to eat socks." She patted Ivy's diaper-covered bottom affectionately before settling back against the sofa.

Unable to help himself, he shifted his hips so that they were fully touching hers. She didn't move away.

A log in the fireplace popped loudly, and the fire grew brighter, hotter. As did his skin. His desire for her.

He clutched the stuffed rabbit in his hand like his life depended on it. She wasn't looking for a lover; she wanted a friend. Someone to talk to. There were many things he didn't know about Rose, but he knew for certain she was a lonely woman raising a child that wasn't hers. He also knew she was sweet, strong, and smart. And lovely. So lovely it made his gut clench every time he looked at her.

He hadn't been lying when he told her that she was all he could see. Half the time he wasn't aware she wore clothes. He was too busy trying not to do something spectacularly stupid like kiss her. Or pay off her back taxes and flee the country.

She leaned her head against his shoulder as if it were the most natural thing in the world. The scent of jasmine filled his senses and for a moment he belonged to her. To Ivy. To this house.

They turned toward each other at the same time, her breast brushing his arm. He became impossibly hard. Cherry lips parted and her lids half closed. The sweetest invitation to a kiss. And, God help them both, he wanted to pull her beneath him and kiss her until time ceased to exist.

"Sasha," she breathed and leaned forward, tilting her chin up.

The barest touch of her lips to his froze him in place. Feathery kisses became more substantial, more urgent. Yes, his body seemed to sigh, this is the woman for you.

He murmured her name against her mouth and she took advantage, sliding her tongue inside and rubbing it against his. She tasted of tea and mint, and of all things Rose. All things good and pure. Everything he'd never be, no matter how hard he tried.

Her hands slowly moved up his thighs, the pressure light and tantalizing. She slid them under his wool sweater, brushing his abdomen and making it contract. Her very clever-he groaned-fingers found his nipple rings and tugged. His c**k surged, growing harder, thicker, and longer against the zipper of his trousers.

She kissed along the side of his jaw and down to his neck, his pulse beating rapidly as her tongue lightly flicked him there. Every muscle in his body was on high alert, ready to spring into action. Cool air hit his pecs as his sweater went over his head and was tossed on the sofa behind him. Silky curls glided over his bare skin and he moaned.

She licked his nipple, circled it with her tongue and licked him again before drawing it and his piercing into her mouth. She nibbled at him with her teeth and soothed the pleasurable pain with her tongue.

"Touch me." Her breath was a hot whisper against his wet flesh.

This was so wrong. So incredibly, fantastically wrong. He would be the biggest bastard in the world if he took advantage of her. He scooted away before she could do more, before he could do more, still holding the bunny. He was...shaken-as if that had been his first time with a woman.

"I have to go," he said, jumping to his feet and tossing the stuffed animal in Rose's lap. Striding over to the back door, he yanked his coat off of a hook on the wall.

"You don't have on your sweater."

"Don't need it."

She joined him at the door. "But it's cold and nasty outside." She put her hand on his shoulder, but he shrugged it away.

Where the hell were his shoes? "Doesn't matter."

"I don't understand," she said softly, her elegant brows drawing together.

He rubbed the back of his neck. He owed her an explanation, but there was no way he'd jeopardize his mother. He was treading a fine line as it were. "I shouldn't have let that happen."

"Is there someone else?"

God, he wished that were the problem. No matter how hard he tried to talk himself into a relationship with another woman, he couldn't bring himself to do it. Not one damn time. "No."

"Then, I..." Her eyes became shadowed.

Dammit.

A decent man would have told her the truth, or at least said something along the lines of 'I'm not taking advantage of you when you're vulnerable.' But he wasn't a decent man. "You just think you're supposed to act like this," he said in frustration, and she jerked back as if he'd physically wounded her.

"He told you, didn't he?" When he didn't answer she smacked her hand against her pajama bottoms. Ones that had small cats with Santa hats on them. They were too short for her, riding up at the ankles. He didn't want to know how long she'd had them. He didn't want to know that she didn't have a soul in this world willing to stand up for her.

"Jason alluded to it, but-"

Her eyes rounded and her mouth fell open. "You believed him."

"He indicated that Summer is the, er, popular one."

"Why didn't you defend her?"

For the love of God. He waved his coat at her, then threw it on the countertop. "Jesus, Rose, you're taking care of her baby. One that was abandoned by your sister. According to you, she doesn't know who the bloody father is."

She fisted her hands on her sweet hips. "I meant I didn't know where he was, not who he was."

"Well, do you?"

"Summer didn't say, and I didn't ask."

As if that made it any better. As if he had any right to judge. He let his head fall back for a moment, then groaned. "This is so f**ked up."

"Why, because you got the wrong Holland?"

"It didn't matter which one of you I got," he shouted and Ivy let out a cry. Feeling like a complete ass, he practically ran to the baby, lifting her gently and holding her close. "There's a girl. It's okay," he whispered, trying to soothe her.

"Give her to me."

He turned and handed her Ivy. "How about we keep our contact limited, yes? You be my landlord and I'll be your tenant. That way there's no confusion or kisses or any other misunderstandings that haven't happened yet." He snagged his sweater and jerked it over his head.

"Fine." Stormy eyes pinned him with her glare. The wind kicked up, gusting hard against the house. Cold air seeped through the floorboards. "As your landlord, I'm telling you to park your Mercedes on the left side of the porch. The right side is mine."

He gave her a mocking bow. "Consider it done."

After she left the room, he had the absurd notion to chase her down and lie prostrate at her feet while begging for forgiveness. In under five minutes, he'd managed to wipe out a budding friendship. A tentative trust. The look in her beautiful eyes would haunt him until he was old and gray.

He sat down heavily in a chair at the kitchen table and propped his head up in his hands. "Less of a guilty conscience, mate," he told himself.

Too bad it didn't make him feel any better.

Chapter Nine

For the past week, it had been raining in a freezing, steady flow from gray skies. Cars and trucks carefully inched along Broad Street, water high on each side as it splashed the sidewalks. No one ventured out much to do any shopping or eating. Carolina Dreams had had its slowest week yet which should have bothered Rose, but she was too hurt and angry to care.

The dismal weather matched her mood to a T. Looking back on that night, she knew she shouldn't have kissed him. Shouldn't have put her hands on his muscular, lean body and taken his nipple rings in her mouth.

She dropped her head into her hands, her cheeks heating. But she had ached for him. He had tasted so good. So male. So Sasha.

Only he had rejected her. Heck, he hadn't even touched her. He'd sat there unmoving, unaffected. Well, not completely unaffected. Her fingers had glided past the shape of his penis. His very hard and enormous erection.

She let her head fall to her desk with a thud. What was worse, he'd confirmed her biggest fear. Her biggest insecurity. He hadn't cared which Holland he'd found, and a small part of her wondered if he'd actually wanted Summer all along, but like Jason, had settled for Rose. The average sister. The one who didn't live up to her reputation.

Maybe that had been the real reason why she and Sasha had never finished what they started. Only he'd been too polite to say it.

So far she'd managed to avoid Sasha, making sure she left before he did in the morning. No small feat since they lived together and she had to pack up the entire house to travel anywhere with Ivy.

She'd eaten dinner in Ivy's nursery, then headed downstairs to clean up after she'd heard him turn in for the night. Only he'd beaten her to it. Then he'd come with her to Palm Island again, helping her clean and playing with the baby.

Despite this, their conversations were whittled down to innocuous statements like, "I'll clean the kitchen while you vacuum the living room," or, "Pass the salt."

Of course he talked to Ivy. He made silly faces and had the most ridiculous conversations with her. And of course, Ivy babbled and kicked her feet at his attentions. He even sat in the back of the car beside her on the way there and back.

A small ding coming from her computer's speakers made her head snap up. She clicked on her inbox, read the new message, and blinked. Then she read it again and jumped up, sending her chair sliding across the room.

She danced around the office with the biggest smile on her face while Ivy watched in fascination. "I can pay my back taxes," she said in a sing-song voice. "We get to keep everything!"

She had to tell Skye. After two years of submitting her information and jumping through hoop after hoop, the biggest natural supplier of beauty products on the East Coast was offering her a contract. A huge one. All she had to do was meet their deadline.

The bells hanging on the front door of Carolina Dreams rang and Rose quickly stepped to the counter. She smiled at the sight of her sister and then frowned at Skye's anxious face. "What's wrong?"

"I'm not here," Skye said, then ducked into the office.

Tristan Reed barged in, his gray eyes glittering. "Skye Holland, get your red head in here and tell me why you drove off another one of my patients."

Open-mouthed, Rose stared at him. His jet black eyebrows drew together in frustration when he found the store empty.

"Where is she?" he growled, his usually starched shirt rumpled and his hair sticking out all over his head like little ebony spikes. "I saw her run in."

"Um, well-"

"Tell him I'm not here," Skye said in a loud stage whisper, and Rose winced.

"She's not here," Rose said lamely.

Tristan's jaw worked. "Has she always been like this?"

"Like what?"

"A pig-headed, stubborn-ass woman."

Skye gasped and popped out of the office. "Just because you have too much water in your spirit doesn't mean you can take out your imbalance on me."

Tristan scrubbed his face. "And just because I'm half Chinese doesn't mean I believe that superstitious stuff. Or eat sushi and do karaoke."

"But you took me on a date to Mr. Lee's All You Can Eat Sushi and Karaoke Bar last week," Skye pointed out, oblivious to the visible tic forming on Tristan's forehead. "You ate salmon rolls and sang an old Backstreet Boys song." She turned to Rose and added, "I think it might have been the sake."

Tristan's face grew dark and he spun on his heel, striding to the front of the store. He slammed the door behind him.

"What was that all about?" Rose asked. How in the world had she not known that Skye and Tristan were dating?

"A little misunderstanding, that's all. He'll be over it by supper time," Skye said with a dismissive wave of her hand.

Suddenly giddy as she remembered the email, Rose motioned Skye back to the office and pointed to her computer screen. "Read this."

"Oh my God," she squealed, and hugged Rose tight. "This is awesome."

They danced around the room, taking turns re-reading the email out loud, and laughing until tears were falling from their eyes.

"This is the best day ever," Rose said, picking up Ivy and kissing her head. "Well, almost."

"You'll need to ship out our back supplies and make some more of your cellulite cream and body butter. Shampoo. Conditioner. Bubble bath. Everything," Skye said with a laugh.

The bells rang again.

Luke Ambrose strode inside. The handsome doctor was back in town, finally finished with his reality series called 'Dr. LA', even though it was filmed in Miami. According to his sister, Zoe, it was a running joke in their family.

"Hi, Luke. How are-"

"Stop making Lily's shower stuff for Carson Russell."

"Carson Russell doesn't shop here."

"You sure about that?"

Rose canted her head side to side, mentally searching her customer list. "Unless she orders it online, but I don't have any local customers who do that."

Luke pulled out his wallet and placed a black American Express card on the counter. "Give me whatever you have that doesn't smell good."

"I'm not sure if I have what you're looking for." Rose didn't think Luke meant to be insulting, but she could never be too cautious.

Skye stayed quiet as she took Ivy out of Rose's arms.

Luke mussed his hair with his free hand. "Ah, hell, honey. I'm not trying to insult you. I just can't have her smelling like her on our dates."

"Smell like who?"

His dark eyes glittered. "Her her."

Rose took a breath and tried again. "Carson or Lily?"

"Carson. No, Lily." He grimaced. "Look, I don't want Carson to smell like Lily," he said, wandering over to the section of women's body lotions, gels, and bath salts.

She joined him, picking up a baby blue and green bottle. "Try this: apple blossom with sweat pea. Lily's is-"

"Gardenia and lavender," he said, surprising her. The two hadn't been together for the past five years, yet he remembered what Lily liked.

"Yes, and since she's been back in town, I-"

"What?" Luke croaked.

Rose suppressed a smile. "Lily's back in town. She bought Dance to the Beat from Tempe Yoder last month. Didn't you know?"

His mouth formed a straight line before he spoke. "No." He plucked the bottle out of her hands, dug his free hand into his pocket, and threw some cash on the counter. "Keep the change."

"Don't you want your card?" Skye called out, waving it in the air like a flag, but Luke was already in his fancy sports car and pulling out of his parking spot.

Rose turned to Skye and shook her head in disbelief. "Has the full moon got their testosterone levels all testosterone-y?"

Skye snorted, then her eyes widened. "Don't look now, but your favorite Englishman is headed this way and looking none too happy."

Rose leaned to the side and watched as Sasha crossed the street. He looked like the devil was on his heels and was mad as hellfire. "Oh, yay," she muttered.

Boxes had been streaming in and out of his shop in an endless parade since last week. She had heard through the grapevine known as Jemma Leigh, Skye, and Evangeline Ambrose that Sasha was hosting a star-studded fundraiser at the Collins' home on Halloween.

Their poor door bounced against the wall and one of the bells fell to the floor with a clank as he strode inside.

Sasha stopped in front of her, so close that she could see the rough stubble on his cheeks and above his kissable top lip. Green eyes glinted like gemstones while fury rolled off of him in great waves. "Did you say yes to him?"

What was it with men and their random questions that they only knew who the subject was about? "To whom?"

"Don't play dumb with me, Rosebud." The front door slammed shut, even though no one was around to close it. The fine hairs on Sasha's arms rose under his sweater.

"Want to try that again?" Rose's hands fisted at her sides.

The wind gusted and the chimes hanging from the ceiling danced. Bad insulation-that was the problem. There was always an explanation when it came to the supposedly supernatural events that surrounded the Hollands.

"Tristan Reed," he said through clenched teeth. He had heard that the doctor was breaking years of Holland Springs' tradition by bringing one of the Holland women to Lorelei and Harrison Collins' home. No Holland had been welcome there since the Great Depression. According to Jemma Leigh, it was over Poppy Holland seducing Harrison Collins' great-grandfather on his wedding day.

"About rescheduling Ivy's check-up?" Rose stared at him like he'd grown horns.

Sasha wanted to rip his hair out. "No, my fundraiser."

"What about it?" she said with a toss of her head. Black curls tumbled around her shoulders in disarray, tempting him to run his hands through them to see if they still felt as soft as he remembered.

It had been seven days since he'd last touched her or she him. Not to mention he was no closer to finding that infernal hidden spring than he'd been before. But at the moment, none of that mattered. "Are you going to my party as Tristan Reed's date?"

Rose laughed, but there was no mirth in it. "I'm sure you've heard the rumor. But just in case you haven't, my kind isn't welcomed there."

"Which kind?" he asked.

She crossed her arms. "Exactly."

Now he was the one confused.

"I'm going with Tristan," Skye said softly.

Rose grabbed her cross pendant and turned around. "You are? Oh, okay," he heard her say in that falsely bright tone he'd come to recognize and hate. Hate because it meant that her feelings were hurt.

"Oh, Rose, I was going to tell you." Skye laid a hand on her sister's shoulder.

"I know you'll have the best time. Momma always said their house was really pretty," Rose added, as though she hadn't heard a word Skye said. Then she straightened her spine and walked away, disappearing into her little office.

Sasha started for her, but Skye stepped in front of him. "You need to leave her alone right now."

"Why? It's obvious she's pouting," he snapped, not really meaning it. He wanted to comfort her.

Ivy turned her head at the sound of his voice and gave him a toothless grin. "At least you're happy to see me." But he was too aggravated at her mother-her aunt-her whatever to hold her right now. "We'll play later. Promise."

Skye's hazel eyes hardened. "How would you feel if everyone in town was invited to something and you weren't? Year after year after year. It's a really big deal to go there. Not that I care about those things. Every girl in Holland Springs gets to go to their annual party for their eighteenth birthday. It's like a debutante ball or something."

"But not Rose," he said, closing his eyes for a moment.

"Especially not Rose," she said, making her way behind the counter with the baby.

He drew his brows together. "Why not?"

Skye looked him over. "If you want to know, try talking to Rose like a normal person. Not like some caveman with his chest all puffed out because he was jealous his woman was being claimed by another man."

"Would a caveman wear Ferragamo?" he asked, gesturing at his shoes.

"I noticed you didn't deny being jealous or that she's your woman," Skye said with a smirk.

So had he. "What's a bloke to do?" he growled, sounding exactly like a caveman while rubbing the back of his neck.

Skye groaned. "Are you really going to make me spell it out for you?"

"Never any good at reading between the lines, dear," he said. Actually, he was exceptionally good at it.

"Men," she huffed. "Ask her yourself."

"We're not talking."

"Write her a note. Email her. Text her."

"I don't have her number," he mumbled.

Skye rolled her eyes, clearly exasperated by him. "Then get a plane and write it in the sky. Give her gifts, and not man gifts, either. Show her you're sorry for being an ass."

He raised a brow at her. "How do you know it was my fault?"

"You're male, aren't you?" With that parting shot, Skye joined Rose in the office.

Sasha headed back to his store. The one without a name, but at the moment he didn't care. He had to make things right with Rose. He had to find that damn spring. He needed to check up on his mum.

All last week, he'd searched Rose's property under the guise of working out. It wasn't too much of a deception since running was his favorite form of exercise.

Make that his second favorite. And in five more weeks he could indulge in that form of exercise until he passed out or got arrested for committing illegal carnal acts with a woman or two. Or five. He smiled grimly.

Neatly dodging the UPS guy as he brought in another box, Sasha made his way back to his office. He slumped down in his chair and drummed his fingers on his desk. What did one bring to a woman like Rose? One that when asked if he could do anything for her had requested cheesecake. Cheesecake.

A pop-up ad for a fast food chain blinked at him, its chicken mascot flapping its wings and doing the running man while wearing high-top sneakers. He leaned forward, intent on x-ing the damn thing out when he stopped short. Instead he leaned back and crossed his arms behind his head. He propped up his feet and smiled.

Chapter Ten

Sasha spit out a feather and turned right onto the gravel road leading to Strawberry Grove. Driving covered in feathers hadn't been how he envisioned showing up at Rose's front door. As he parked the Mercedes, a loose chicken half jumped and half flew over the back seat and landed in his lap. Beady black eyes looked menacingly up at him and its sharp nails dug into his wool pants.

Apparently, Farmer Johnson had taken Sasha for a fool when he'd given him Rose's chickens in a large box and assured him that they would stay in it. More feathers floated around him and he sneezed. Apparently, Farmer Johnson would be correct. He was a fool, perhaps love's fool, but it didn't signify. He had to get Rose to trust him.

"Don't even think about ruining my trousers, or you'll become tonight's dinner," he warned.

The chicken pecked his hand and stumbled to the passenger side. The rest of the fowl's brethren made congratulatory squawking sounds.

"Sorry little buggers," he growled.

He waved his hand in the air as he looked around. Rose's Jeep was parked in its usual spot, and he could just make out the faint glow coming from the kitchen through the formal dining room's windows. Perfect.

Cutting off the engine, he deliberated the best way to get the live cargo out of his car. Finally, he settled for quick dashes to the chicken coop until they were all safely inside. He rolled his head to one side and then the other. He was tired and sore. Chicken wrangling was not an occupation he was cut out for.

He opened the front door, sidestepping Blackbeard, and made a quick stop at the loo to wash up before heading toward the woman that made his heart beat faster in his chest. Tonight he was going to ask her to be his date to the fundraiser at the Collins' house next week. He wouldn't take no for an answer. No one would know it was her. Halloween themes tended to bring out masks and naughty costumes, especially in women.

"Hi..." Rose's mouth dropped open and she stopped mid-plate placement when he ambled in. She quickly lowered her eyes, biting back an obvious smile.

"What's so funny?" he asked, knowing full well he had at least a hundred feathers sticking to his hair and clothes.

Rose moved the fork and knife closer to the china and adjusted the position of the glass. It looked like a million down pillows had exploded and he'd been in the blast zone.

"Nothing," she said, sneaking another glance. A tiny feather fell on his nose and his eyes crossed to look at it. She burst out laughing. Looking up at him, she placed a hand over her stomach and pointed to the mirror in the foyer. "Go take a look at yourself."

He ran a hand through his golden hair and plucked out a couple of feathers. "I'll have you know that feathers are all the rage."

"People pay good money for clothes made out of feathers?" she asked, laughing harder. She wasn't mad at him anymore. For the first time in months she could see the light at the end of the tunnel and her entire soul felt light. The contract from Barbara's Bugs had seen to that.

The mischievous look in his eyes made her stop laughing and her pulse triple its beat.

"I think this would look better on you," he said in a rough voice. He took a step forward and then another, and before she knew it, he was chasing her around the table.

"Don't put that on me. I don't know where it's been," she said, running to the little family room connected to the kitchen and skirting the baby swing that rocked a deeply sleeping Ivy.

"Hush, you'll wake the baby." He grinned and feinted left.

She let out a shriek and ran. Just as she rounded the sofa, he tackled her and they pitched forward onto the cushions. "I can't breathe" she said, trying to buck him off.

A feather tickled her nose and she giggled while he said, "If that were true, you wouldn't be laughing."

She managed to elbow him in the gut and this time he tickled her ear. "Stop," she said, and giggled again.

This was so silly; they were silly. And she loved it. She'd never been able to be silly. To be a teenager or even a woman in her early twenties. For once she gave herself permission to laugh and tease a very attractive man who was pressing his very delicious weight against hers. She could feel every hard muscle of his chest against her back. His powerful thighs against hers. If the sofa hadn't been in the way, she would have melted into a puddle on the floor.

"If you promise to behave, I'll give you a surprise," he said, his hot breath coating the ear he'd just tickled, sending little tingles down her neck.

"If you promise to behave, I won't elbow you again," she panted, wriggling again and pressing her bottom against his groin. The hard length of him made her want to moan. "Is that my surprise?" She couldn't believe what she'd just said. She never said things like that.

He scrambled off of her and stood.

She sat up, looking everywhere but him. Ivy slept on, blissfully unaware of the complete fool Rose had made out of herself.

"I'm in the mood for omelets tonight," he said, his voice low.

He wanted to talk about food? She looked up at him in confusion. "There's some eggs in the fridge."

"Ones from your chickens?"

"No, I sold them, remember?" A feather floated in front of her and landed in her lap. Was that a chicken's... She jumped to her feet. "You bought me chickens?"

He gave her a genuine smile. One that threw her off balance. "Not just any chickens. Your chickens."

She ran to the back porch, not bothering to grab her coat. Throwing the door open, she ran outside and didn't stop until she got to the chicken coop. She watched in disbelief as Colonel Sanders and company strutted and pecked.

"I can't believe he brought them back," she whispered.

"While I can't believe what they did to my leather seats," Sasha said, his shoes crunching the half-frozen grass as he walked.

She whirled around and grabbed his hands, squeezing them tight. She wanted to kiss and hug him, then dance around her backyard like a deliriously happy fool. "I'll clean them for you. I have a recipe for cleaning that gets just about anything out." She let go when he hissed and grimaced. "Are you okay?"

He held his hand up for her inspection and pointed to a nasty looking scratch. "The big red one got me. I can't die a horrible death from this, can I?"

"No." She tugged his hand down and kissed the scratch. "Better?"

"Much, but it's getting colder." He drew her along, threading his fingers through hers as they strolled to the house.

He held the door open, letting her go first. Instead of sitting at the table, he joined her at the sink, waiting for his turn to wash his hands. While she filled up glasses with ice and tea, he began taking bowls of steaming mashed potatoes and rolls to the table. Then he grabbed the glasses, winking at her as he did.

Turning from the counter with a platter of fried chicken, she almost bumped into him. Her face heated as they did the little side to side shuffle and tried to get out of the other's way.

"Sorry," Sasha said with a grin, and let her slip past.

She set the platter in the middle of the table. He pulled out her chair, gesturing for her to sit, and when she was comfortable, he finally took his own seat.

Suddenly shy, she focused on eating. The sound of silverware hitting the table with a thud made her jump and her eyes flew to his face.

His cheeks were flushed, highlighting the startling green color of his eyes. "Are we back to this again?"

"No, I'm-I don't what to say." She lowered her lashes and stared at the mostly empty plate in front of her.

A strong masculine hand covered hers. "Look, I'm doing my damnedest to apologize, sweetheart. Nothing more. And you owe me nothing."

She looked up and studied his sexy face. The slash of his high cheekbones, his sensual lips and square jaw. He was an extremely beautiful man, and he knew it. But right here, right now, he looked sincere. The little voice of warning in her head was quiet. Taking a chance, she gave him a little smile. "A damned good job, I think."

Raising his brows, he gave her a cheeky smile back. "Good enough to attend the fundraiser as my date?"

"I don't know," she hedged, not wanting to reveal the true reason that she wouldn't be welcome at there. However, she was always welcomed at Harrison Collins' bank. Or at least in his private office in the back. She inwardly cringed at the memory of having to beg him for a loan. He'd been the one man she swore she'd never go to for anything. Not even if she was on fire and he was the only person on earth with a bucket of water.

Sasha gave her hand a gentle squeeze. "No one will know it's you."

"How's that?"

"Masks, love, and naughty costumes." He grinned and wiggled his eyebrows. "You would be unrecognizable." His eyes roamed her face as his hand left hers to gently tug at a wayward curl. "Perhaps not. These are too distinctive."

Patting one side of her head, she tried to smooth her hair down.

"Don't, your hair is lovely." He caught her hand with his free one. Holding both of her hands in his, he lifted them to his lips and gave them a tender kiss. "You work too hard, Rose. Go out with me tomorrow night. I'll pay for a babysitter."

Something broke inside of her. "I'll go-" A look of triumph covered his face and she managed to press her hands against his mouth before he could talk. "-out with you," she clarified, "but not any place fancy. I don't have anything to wear."

"I'll dress to match," he drawled in that sexy voice of his, and she laughed.

"Don't worry about a babysitter. I'll get Skye to do it. She doesn't have to work tomorrow night," she said, drawing her hands away. She placed them in her lap, twisting and untwisting the cloth napkin she'd placed there.

He slid back his chair and began clearing the table. "I'll start washing up the dishes."

It took no time at all to clean and put everything back in its place. Rose wrung out the dishcloth and straddled it along the sink, then turned to face him. "Thank you."

Sasha shoved his hands in his pockets. "Guess I'll turn in."

"No!" Rose blurted, and his brows shot to his hairline. "Sorry."

He inclined his head. "Was there something you wanted?"

She bit the side of her lip. "Can I show you something? It's kind of a secret...well, my secret, but anyway, want to come exploring with me?"

His eyes shuttered, and for a moment she was sure he was going to say no, but a smile crept back on his face. "Sounds fantastic."

She snagged the baby monitor off of the counter and motioned him over with a wave of her hand. "Let's go."

"Sure you want to do this, Rosebud?" he asked, his voice strained.

She turned and almost smacked into him. His large, lean frame overshadowed hers as his golden head bent forward. His body radiated heat and she had the urge to rub up against it. Him. But even more, she wanted to trust him. She wanted her instincts to be right when it came to Sasha. She knew he'd never tell. Why would he? The hidden spring that fed the tourist spot wasn't a gold mine. All it did was make people think their dreams came true. Maybe it was time for another one of hers to do the same.

"Yes." Grabbing his hand, she tugged him toward the stairs.

This was it.

Rose was going to show him the hidden springs. Later, while she was sleeping or at work, he would skulk around, and fill up several vials with water before sending them off to his uncle's lab. And as soon as they arrived, he'd be gone. Instead of feeling relieved or euphoric, all Sasha felt was a heavy dose of remorse. Guilt. Every damn feeling in the world that he thought had been ruthlessly culled from his heart.

Hell, before now, his heart had only served as a highly efficient muscle.

As they grew closer, he started to dig his feet in and pull away. She turned left and there in the corner was a set of stairs. He hadn't been in this section of the house before, mostly because Rose and Ivy stayed in the kitchen and family room when they were home. Wherever they were, he found himself gravitating towards them.

She halted just before the first step and turned to face him. Her pretty eyes dark in the dimly lit hall. Her pink tongue licked at her cherry red lips and he wanted to capture it with his own. To draw her sweet little tongue inside of his mouth and mate with it. With her.

"Ready?" Her voice was a breathless whisper.

Jesus, was he ever ready. He grew hard, and before he rationalized his next move, he had her pinned against the wall, his mouth on hers. She gripped his shoulders. But not to push him away. Instead, she deepened the kiss and pulled him closer. Her perfect body wantonly rubbed against him while his own roared for him take her. To claim her.

He slowly slid his hands down her slender back to cup her sweet bum, the delicious weight making him thrust his pelvis against her, his c**k seeking relief.

An erotic moan left her mouth and he breathed it in. He wanted everything that was Rose inside of him, humming in his veins. She nipped at his chin, her hands no longer on his shoulders, but working the buttons of his shirt and spreading it open. The touch of her fingers like before, teasing and clever.

To his relief, she had worn a skirt to work today instead of her usual jeans. He made one of his hands leave her ass to find the hem. Edging it up, his fingers brushed at her heated skin. Higher and higher he pulled it until he felt the supple skin of her thigh, then the raised edges of her birthmark. He traced the outline of it as she trembled against him. Dear God, he wanted his mouth there.

But first...First he had more important areas of her body to attend.

Delving two fingers under her panties, he found her wet, hot, and mostly bare. His knees went weak. Locking them, he pushed a soft thigh wider with one of his own and slid his fingers inside of her. Her tight inner muscles clasped him immediately and he groaned.

"Oh my God," she moaned into the hollow of his throat.

He began a playful rhythm-one that soon had them both panting. He brushed her clitoris with his thumb, and she let out a sound between a moan and a wail.

Over and over he teased, kept her on the edge until she was pounding at his chest and biting his shoulder though his shirt. "Do you want to come, love?" He brushed her clitoris with a whisper soft caress.

"I-I want you inside me," she groaned and tilted her hips.

"I am inside of you."

"Not the part I want."

He laughed, but he was hard pressed to do it for long. As he teased her, he was torturing himself with the waiting. The longing. She licked at his pierced nipple and bit down. He let go of her ass and cupped her head, pressing it against him. "Harder," he ordered, his voice harsh.

He cursed when she obeyed him. "Again."

Now she became the tormentor: tugging, biting and teasing him until his entire body was shaking. She tore her mouth away from his chest. "Do you have a condom?"

Her soft request for protection was sexy as hell. "Upstairs." He couldn't wait that long, but he would.

He pushed deeper inside of her and pressed down on her tender, swollen flesh. Her body went rigid and she moaned his name. He stayed with her, drawing the orgasm out as his fingers continued to thrust inside of her. Finally, he left her body and she slumped against the wall. To his utter amazement, she slid to her knees and began to unbutton his trousers.

"You don't have to do this." Please don't stop.

"But I want to." Her warm hands slid inside and pulled his c**k out. "Commando?" she asked, her dark brow an elegant arch.

Before he could answer, her hot mouth covered the head of his c**k and he had to throw his hands against the wall to keep from grabbing her hair. After several teasing tries, she took him to the back of her throat. His forehead fell against the wall.

"Like that, sweetheart. Take me just like that," he murmured, looking down and gently moving his hips. Her dark eyes seemed to glow as she pleasured him. As her tongue teased and her hands caressed the length of him. Over and over her playful mouth sucked and kissed his erection, until his chest was heaving. His balls drew up, tightened and he knew. He knew he had to push her away.

"Stop, I'm going to...just stop," he panted, closing his eyes and pushing her shoulder away and against the wall. But she grabbed his ass and took him with her. Another swipe of her tongue and he exploded. "Fuck...Rose...you sweet, sweet woman," he gasped as she continued to love him with her mouth.

Falling to his knees, he joined her and gathered her close, her body soft against his as he threaded his fingers in her silky curls. He pulled away slightly, marveling at her quiet beauty. At the graceful arches and soft planes of her features. Under his intense scrutiny, her black lashes made a downward sweep and she began to turn her face away.

"Let me look at you."

Her lashes hovered in the air until they lifted again, and once more he gazed into her blue eyes. Desire and an indefinable emotion filled their depths as the seconds passed. Hell, it could have been hours. He didn't know and he didn't care.

"So beautiful." He kissed her cheek.

She shook her head, her hair tickling his nose. "I'm not. I'm just me."

"Beautiful," he insisted, holding her face with his fingertips as his mouth covered hers again. Her lips parted immediately. Eagerly. His tongue stroked the inside of her mouth. He'd never get enough of this. Her.

Groaning low in his throat, he gently pushed her to the floor and covered her body with his, never breaking their kiss. Her legs wrapped around his waist, her soaked panties rubbing at his sensitized erection until he was hard again. Despite the mind-reeling orgasm he'd just had, he wanted her again. Shoving up her thin sweater, he kissed a path down her throat to her chest. Desperate to taste her. Desperate to have her bare br**sts in his hands, his mouth.

He brushed his lips over her fabric-covered breast, then took the tip into his mouth and sucked. Deep. Her nipple hardened and a muted scream left her throat.

Frantically, he searched for the clasp. "Dammit," he muttered against her breast. What was wrong with him? Usually, he had more finesse.

"It opens in the front." Rose massaged the nape of his neck.

"Thank God." He all but ripped it away, and was treated to the sight of her full br**sts. Red ni**les tightened in the cool air and he hovered over one, teasing the peak with his breath. She arched beneath him, a wordless plea escaping her lips.

Suddenly, the sound of Ivy crying filled the small space.

Rose froze. "I have to go to her."

"Of course." He helped her to her feet even as his body told him to sweep her off of them. Sasha could still taste her. He wanted to lose himself inside of Rose's sweet body. Over and over, until he found...something. Shaky hands buttoned his shirt and fastened his trousers.

A pink stain infused her cheeks as she smoothed her green sweater over the top of her hips. "I-um, we..." She knelt down and picked up the monitor, black curls skimming the floor.

He wrapped his arms around her shoulders, drew her close, and kissed her once last time. "We're not finished."

"I'll come to your room later." Rose gave him a sweet smile, slipped out of his arms and walked down the hall.

"I'll be waiting."

Sasha listened as she washed up at the sink, as she soothed the baby, as she walked out of the kitchen and up the steps of the grand staircase.

Blowing out the breath he'd been holding, he rolled his shoulders. What had he done? All he'd intended to do was take her out to some place nice. Where no one knew her name or her family's history and could make her uncomfortable. Where no one gave a damn about hidden springs.

Except he couldn't forget about it.

Turning, he eyed the staircase, unable to do more. "Quit being a plank and bloody move." He started toward the stairs.

Blackbeard appeared out of nowhere, purring and rubbing against his legs. His eerie blue eyes stared straight through Sasha and a shiver rippled down his spine.

"Fine, you win. Damn cat," he muttered, and headed in the opposite direction. He grabbed his coat and keys. "I'll be back," he shouted and bolted out the front door before he could change his mind. Before he stopped this madness overtaking him. Making him want to be that man. The one who always did right. The one who was killing his mother with every minute it took him to find this damned spring. With every attempt at being a hero.

Gravel crunched under his boots as his long strides ate up the distance between the house and his Mercedes. He couldn't start his car fast enough. He couldn't pull out of the drive fast enough.

It didn't matter that the leather seats were ruined and the interior smelled like chicken shit. It didn't matter that David Turner would haul his ass to jail for even thinking about speeding. Glancing up at the rear view mirror, the lights of the dashboard gave him an evil glow. This was why he'd never be a hero. Heroes left in defeat and smelling like chicken manure.

While villains...villains snatched victory out of the jaws of defeat. They got the job done and went off to their lair to plot their next moves while minions awaited their decisions. And villains never, ever worried about getting the girl in the end.

Not even one who smelled of jasmine and let him chase her with chicken feathers. Not even one whose greatest desires in life were uninterrupted sleep, friends and cheesecake. One whose infrequent smiles made his gut clench and his heart beat faster.

Looming on the right was the familiar red octagon whose message he wanted to ignore, but he stopped anyway and let his head fall to the steering wheel. His cell vibrated and he picked it up, touching the screen and scanning his latest messages. The last one made his blood run cold.

Time's running out.

The picture attached was of his mother, lying unconscious and helpless in a hospital, while his Uncle Vladimir sat by her side, somehow managing to look menacing and caring all in one.

Lead coated his guts and his palms began to sweat. His vision blurred and he couldn't take in enough air, his throat closing.

Breathe, he silently ordered.

"Bugger it." He stomped on the accelerator.

Chapter Eleven

Unlike her baby sister, Rose had never been a morning person. She was, for all intents and purposes, a creature of the night. Long after the moon made its journey in the midnight sky, she would still be hard at work in their basement kitchen, adding and subtracting ingredients until it was perfect. Whipping up creams and lotions to keep a woman's skin glowing, smelling heavenly. All to capture the object of her desire.

As a small child she had learned that every Holland woman was practically born with the knowledge. Still Rose was completely grateful that in 1885 the fourth Poppy Holland had decided to preserve her most successful concoctions for future generations and had written down the recipes in a large, heavy tome. There were two main ingredients for every Holland product: the first, specially grown flowers and herbs from the forcing house. The second was such a well-kept secret that only Rose knew of its existence. Not even Skye and sure as hell not Summer.

Four nights before her sixteenth birthday, Rose's mother had taken her down to the basement kitchen and into the passage ways carved by former slaves and the third Poppy Holland to assist in the Underground Railroad effort. There were three different routes that shot out from the house. One led to the greenhouse, the second to a cottage and the third to a place Rose had never been.

A place she had considered sharing with Sasha before he'd kissed her. Before he had touched her so intimately and with such blissful skill that she could still feel him within her. His elegant fingers sliding over her thigh, not even skipping over the birthmark on the inside. Not like...She shook her head. She wouldn't think of her former lover and his dislikes. His preferences.

Lifting her arms above her head, she stretched and sighed lustily. Morning had never been greeted so eagerly before. Sunlight poured through the French doors and long, narrow windows of her room. A room that at one time she hated. Hated what it meant. What it stood for. But now in the morning light, it looked like a woman's room. A woman who was completely and whole heartedly in-

Ivy gurgled and rolled around in the middle of the large bed, distracting Rose and making her smile. "Oh you, sweet, sweet thing." She scooped her up. "I'm going on a date tonight. It's going to be an honest-to-goodness real one, with music and amazing food. Knowing his royal snobbiness, it won't be around here."

Ivy's brows raised, her little lips pursed.

Rose snorted. "You're as bad as Blackbeard over Sasha. All he has to do is walk in the room and you light up." As did she. Even if she had to hide it most of the time. "Maybe I'll ask him to take me dancing." The last time she'd danced with the opposite sex had been in middle school when they were learning how to Square Dance during P.E.. It had been forced upon both parties by a man wearing shorts so tight and short that it should have been illegal, or students should have been allowed to wear blinders so as to not look at him directly.

She gazed dreamily out the window. Autumn leaves in every color imaginable greeted her and if she sat up straighter she could see the carefully tended garden surrounding the forcing house. Familiar sights. Ones that always welcomed her home, and now Sasha was a part of that.

Last night had been amazing. So amazing that she'd fallen asleep in her bed with Ivy on her chest, she reflected ruefully. The baby had fussed the rest of the evening, so much so that Rose hadn't heard Sasha return. She'd spent most of the time pacing and patting Ivy's back before finally settling down in bed with her. Only on what seemed like the hundredth rendition of "My Bonnie Lies over the Ocean", a song that Azalea had sung to her and her sisters at night, had Ivy's eyes finally drooped.

She bit her bottom lip. Sometimes she missed Azalea more than words could say. There was so much she wanted to say. To ask. What was it that had driven their mother to leave them?

There was a loud crash. One of the windows flew open. A chill permeated the air, seeping through the thin cotton of her nightgown. "What in the world?"

To Rose's horror, a crow flew inside. It landed on her vanity and cawed, sending shivers down her spine. She turned, shielding Ivy with her body. Glancing over her shoulder, beady black eyes regarded her. She grabbed her necklace with one hand, rubbing the cross as she tried to figure out the best way to get the bad omen out of her house.

Suddenly, it flapped its wings and took off. Three inky feathers floated lazily about the room before settling on the oriental rug covering the hardwoods in front of the fireplace.

Letting go of her necklace, she clutched Ivy tighter. Her heart pounded and her stomach tightened as deeply rooted superstitions threatened her modern world. "It doesn't mean anything," she said, knocking on the wooden headboard three times with her elbow for good luck. "There. That should fix it."

But it didn't.

Even though Sasha wasn't there to greet her with a confident grin and a cup of coffee that was more cream and sugar than anything else, she went about her daily Friday routine of cleaning and completing her own honey-do list.

All morning long, she knocked over the salt shaker, let the milk on the stove boil over; she went in one door and used a completely different one to come back inside; she found a penny and picked it tail side up without thinking about it.

But the absolute worst happened while she was gathering everything she needed to go to town. The grandfather clock that hadn't worked in the past fifty years suddenly chimed in the sitting room.

Ivy's diaper bag fell from her slack fingers.

Death was coming.

"Get a hold of yourself, Rose. This is why people think the crap they do about your family," she scolded. Reputations as the town whores notwithstanding. Trembling hands grabbed the car keys, the diaper bag (again) and hefted the baby carrier into the crook of her elbow. She headed outside to her Jeep.

Skye was meeting her at Carolina Dreams and would be taking Ivy with her for the whole weekend. Not only that, Skye was cleaning for her, too. With Tristan.

It took her a good ten minutes to load everything she thought Skye would need. She gave Ivy a quick kiss on the nose and double-checked to make sure the car seat was secure, then got out of the backseat and closed the door.

Briefly, Rose wondered how in the world her sister had gotten the doctor to agree-and not because he gave off the impression of being too good for it. He was a war veteran and had lived in conditions a million times worse. But Tristan hadn't been very happy with her sister yesterday.

She gave a little shrug, got in her Jeep and started it up. It would all work out in the end. And she had almost three glorious days of no responsibility. Two mornings to sleep in as late as she wanted. Two nights to stay up as late as she wanted. With a man she wanted. With Sasha.

Warmth and happiness coursed through her veins like caffeinated coffee as she turned onto highway thirteen and sped up. Desire gathered in places no longer dormant. It might be autumn, but inside of her, spring had come. Good grief. She glanced up at the rear view mirror and rolled her eyes at the silly grin she discovered on her face.

The handle of Ivy's carrier reflected in it and immediately she felt guilty. Guilty for leaving Ivy. Guilty for wanting to have fun. To be a woman and go on a date. Was this how all mothers felt?

Her eyes snapped back to the road, tears pricking at the backs. She wasn't anyone's mother. She was Ivy's aunt, and until Summer came back, Ivy's caregiver.

She made a left on Ivy Lane, parking in front of her store and next to Tristan's truck. As soon as she turned off the engine, Skye and Tristan immediately began to help her transfer everything.

"Anything else?" Skye asked after they finished packing the bed of his truck with Ivy's suitcase, swing, and every accessory known to a woman that an infant needed.

Rose inclined her head to one side, hesitating to hand over the last of the baby's things. Her sister had sounded excited when she'd talked to her on the phone last night about keeping Ivy, but this was the first time anyone other than Rose had looked after the baby.

"I don't think-"

"Then don't." Skye snatched the diaper bag and squeaky bunny out of Rose's hands.

Rose took a step forward, wringing her hands together. "She likes to be rocked to sleep. And don't forget to do tummy time with her. Oh, and lay her on her back to-"

"Don't worry, Rose. We've got it covered," Skye said with a smile, then turned to her companion. "Right?"

When he didn't answer Skye elbowed him in the gut and Rose's eyes widened. Her sister was an unapologetic pacifist. Even going so far as to releasing water bugs that would sneak into the house during dry summers. Rose's preferred method was a good stomping with the nearest heavy object.

"Right," Tristan grunted and crossed his muscular arms.

They made the oddest couple, Rose thought. Not necessarily in looks. Tristan was as lean and tall as Skye was curvy and short. His face severely handsome while Skye's freckled one glowed with an innate happiness.

Skye was so alive. Always in motion. She spoke with her hands, and laughed easily while Tristan's movements seemed to be guarded and efficient. Rose couldn't have asked for a better doctor-not for Ivy and certainly not for herself.

"What time is Alexander supposed to pick you up?" Skye gently swayed back and forth with Ivy in her arms, making little popping noises with her lips.

Rose opened her mouth to answer and then quickly shut it, her brow creasing. Sasha had never given her a time. In fact he'd never said where they were going. Heat crept up her neck. Good thing she'd worn her favorite lavender colored turtleneck today. "After he's done for the day," she said vaguely, then directed her attention to Tristan. "How are you going to manage your patients and help Skye?"

"Luke Ambrose joined my practice," he said, his silvery eyes roamed over her sister. In fact he'd barely glanced away from Skye the entire time. Rose looked away before she smiled. Unfortunately, she found Jason staring at her from across the street. What was he doing down here and why was he by Sasha's front door? It wasn't like he needed help in the job department and Jason sure as hell wasn't going to donate his money or clothes to a good cause. Actually, the only one he invested in was the get-him-to-the-top-as-fast-as-possible cause. A seriously worthy endeavor.

Skye squealed and Rose started. "Good grief, Skye. You scared the crud out of me!"

After handing the baby to Tristan, Skye caught Rose up in a big hug. "I'm so excited for you," she whispered in her ear. "Try to have fun."

Rose fought back the ridiculous tears caught in her throat. This was so unlike her. She never got emotional over silly little things, or big things for that matter. "I'll do my best."

After Skye and Tristan left, Jason was nowhere to be found. Thank God. It was a short walk to the bank and she had about fifteen minutes to spare. Maybe she should pop on over to Sasha's store and see what time he wanted her ready. Being on time would be the least she could do in return.

Taking a deep breath, she pressed down on the handle. Nothing happened. She frowned. Maybe she should knock. After a couple of minutes, she quit knocking and leaned to one side to take a quick peek in the window. Well, that should've been her first clue. The place was completely dark inside.

Her insides danced, tripped and crashed against each other.

It didn't matter. He lived with her. She'd see him tonight. Keeping her expression neutral, she walked up the street and made her way to the only bank in town. Rose couldn't help but notice that quite a few people crossed to the other side of the street to avoid walking past her. A couple of guys she knew to be friends with Jason leered at her, raking her body up and down with a smirk on their faces as they grew closer, but they let her pass between them without incident.

Unlike the greeting that every other customer got when he or she walked in, Rose was met with stony stares and judging eyes. Like usual she ignored them all, holding her head high as she passed the teller's counter and customer service desk. She didn't stop until Harrison Collins' secretary met her halfway and ushered her inside the president's office.

Harrison, ever the southern gentleman, stood as Rose entered the room. He was all business and no smiles as he gestured to the closest chair. "Ms. Holland, it always behooves a person to be early. Something many of your generation have yet to learn."

"I'm not being punctual. I'm ready to get this over with." She sat down.

The door click shut behind her and his expression softened. "Is that any way to talk to me, sugar?" He came around the desk and held open his arms.

Fighting back the nausea, Rose stood, giving him a one-sided hug. "Sorry."

Harrison tsked and leaned back. "Rose Holland, your momma raised you better than that."

She stiffened. "That's right. She raised me."

"Rose."

She knew what he wanted. What he wanted every damn time she came to his office and the door shut. The same damn thing she wasn't allowed to tell anyone. But now that she knew better, now that she wasn't so eager to please him, he held the note on her loan and owned her silence.

"Let's try this again, honey," he said, stepping back and holding out his arms.

She hesitated and his gray eyes turned stormy. "I'm sorry I was rude." She hugged him again and his strong arms wrapped around her. When she was younger, she would carry his hugs home with her and add them to her nightly ritual. But now she knew him, and he cared more about his standing in the community than the bastard child he'd fathered with the town's most notorious resident, Azalea Poppy Holland.

"I'm sorry, what?" he prompted.

Why did the men in her life feel a need to humiliate her? She closed her eyes and breathed in the scent of his crisp aftershave. "Daddy. I'm sorry, daddy."

***

Sasha jogged through the woods, taking the path that veered off to the right. The trees grew thicker here and cast long shadows on the forest floor. The pungent smell of decaying pine needles greeted him as he dodge low hanging bushes and jumped over logs. Sweat trickled down his back, soaking the waistband of his nylon running pants.

As a young boy, he'd done this with his father. Getting up at the crack of dawn to go running through the forest. Maks Romanov had been a Cross Country Olympic Silver medalist in his youth and even without that accomplishment Sasha had idolized his father. He'd had drive, a purpose, and a wife that adored him. Everything that Sasha lacked.

Now running was all that they shared in common. All that kept his father's memory fresh and close to his heart.

This afternoon he didn't run to be close; he ran to get away. Away from the disappointment he imagined in his father's voice and eyes. The small shake of his head and a frown was nearly enough to make Sasha turn around and reconsider every choice he'd ever made. But it couldn't be helped.

Keeping his mother safe was his drive, finding that damned spring was his purpose, and as for a wife or rather woman who adored him...Rose had been that woman last night. Her eyes had been luminous and when she'd smiled, he'd felt like he could conquer anything.

In reality he was nothing more than a pawn of his uncle. A small piece of a global chessboard that could be sacrificed-no, not sacrificed, that would imply he was actually worth something. He could be discarded to win the game.

A branch smacked his bare chest, catching one of his nipple rings. "Shit." He stopped to see if the ring was still in place, wiggling it back and forth. No blood was a good sign.

He bent over at the waist and retied his laces. This is what he got for thinking of her. For touching her. For losing his damn mind when it came to her.

Last night, he hadn't come back. The temptation of seducing Rose in her own house had been too great of a temptation. Instead he'd driven around for hours, until the pinks and golds of another sunrise had him wincing and craving shelter like a vampire. On the outskirts of Wilmington, he'd found a motel advertising clean rooms and free Wi-Fi.

Sleep eluded him, guilt his constant companion as he'd counted tiles in the ceiling. He supposed he could've chalked it up to actually living with his victim. When he'd begun to develop a conscience, he'd quickly stunted it by reasoning that the people whose business or lives he'd helped ruin had it coming. That their hands, while not as dirty as his, were not perfectly clean.

But what crime had Rose committed? She didn't smile or laugh enough? She'd helped too many people without asking anything in return? She hid behind hocus-pocus and her family's reputation, keeping everyone at a distance?

Until him.

A winter goose honked in the distance.

Sasha knew what must be done. He needed to keep his hands (and every other body part) off of Rose, find the spring, visit his mother and go on a bleedin' holiday. Easier said than done since he had absolutely no self-control when it came to Rose. None.

He kicked at a rotted stump, hitting one side and it fell apart.

This ridiculous need to elicit smiles, to make her laugh and for her to know him had to be slashed and burned from his heart. Wrenched out of his soul.

Wasn't he waxing all poetic?

Leaves rustled and the scent of jasmine drifted to him, filling his senses. His mouth watered and his c**k stirred. He took off. Faster and harder than before, his lungs straining and his thighs screaming. But he couldn't stop. Her scent was all around him, taunting and tempting. He needed to escape-

A rock caught the toe of one of his trainers and he crashed to the ground, pine straw and dirt filling his mouth and nose. Stunned, he laid there.

Slowly, he lifted his head and spit out a wad of dirt. He scrunched his nose and blinked, clearing his vision. Rolling to a sitting position, he tentatively patted his face with the tips of his fingers, checking it for blood. A small dash of red appeared on the pad of his forefinger. Of course a spot above his eye waited until then to begin throbbing.

He reckoned it could've been worse. There could've been an audience with their camera phones videoing him going arse over tip. A small sound caught his attention. A blur of movement to the left and a cat meowed. He knew it well. It woke him up from the nightmares that threatened to suffocate him.

"Blackbeard, you cur, come back here!" Sasha jumped to his feet and pushed at a thick hanging of vines.

Vines?

He wasn't a botanist, but he for damn sure knew these weren't evergreens and that North Carolina in the fall wasn't a tropical climate. The vines parted easily and what he saw almost made him fall to his knees and kiss the ground.

Almost two stories high, a waterfall cascaded over mossy rocks to splash down into a pool roughly half the size of Trevi Fountain in Rome. Flowers of every size and color bloomed along each side, while butterflies and hummingbirds zoomed in and out of focus.

He wanted to shout out his triumph.

Then he wanted to roar in frustration, because he was unsure if this was the spring she'd taken him to before, or the one he was supposed to find. His memory was suddenly fuzzy and he couldn't picture the specifics of his time spent with Rose. All he could recall was the pleasure of her kiss and his hands on her body, making him forget who he was and what he had to be.

He did neither.

Instead, he ambled over to the water and dropped to his knees at the edge. His wavy reflection greeted him, but he looked past it, down to the sandy bottom glinting with smooth pebbles. Nothing swam within its depths. What looked to be the entrance to a cave played hide and seek with the waterfall as it fell in wide sheets. That definitely called for some spelunking.

Technically, there was nothing out of the ordinary about this place. Well, if one didn't count tropical plants blooming out of season or caves in a naturally flat, almost at sea level terrain. It wasn't geographically possible. Then again, Stonehenge and Yonaguni Monument were great mysteries as well.

He thrust his hands into the water, expecting it to be cold. To his utter amazement it felt perfect against his skin. Scooping up some in his palms, he splashed his face until he washed away the dirt and grime. Almost immediately the throbbing above his eye stopped. He drank greedily, the sweet taste of the water filling his belly and cleaning his mouth. He ran his tongue along his teeth. They felt clean, as if he'd just brushed them.

Reaching into his pocket, he pulled out three plastic vials-which by some miracle had managed to escape destruction from his tumble. The hairs at the nape of his neck rose and he quickly glanced around. No one was there, but it felt as if he was being watched.

"Just do it," he muttered.

Blackbeard appeared at the top of the waterfall, precariously balanced on a rock. Sasha narrowed his eyes at him and dipped all three vials in the water, capping each one off with a deliberate purpose.

"What do you say to that?" He stood and shoved the vials back in his pocket. The cat simply stared down at him. Sasha's face grew hot and his ears began to burn. "Piss off," he shouted, waving his arms.

Blackbeard hissed and backed away.

A man's low laugh sounded to the left of him and he quickly moved behind a wide fern. Company-fantastic. Peering between the fronds, he watched Jemma Leigh kiss and stroke the side of her lover's face. What was his name? Jeremy Stafford, the fisherman who no longer smelled like fish. Courtesy of Rose Holland.

Would everything in his life always come back to her?

The ring on Jemma Leigh's left hand caught the light, reflecting rainbows on their skin as they moved into a spotlight of sunshine.

Sasha's eyes widened when he realized they were completely nude. Quickly looking over at the spring, he concentrated on the pink blossoms floating all along the top of the water. What the hell? They hadn't been there five seconds ago. He must have hit his head when he'd fallen. Or the water contained a hallucinogenic.

"Cherry blossoms," Jemma Leigh sighed as she bent down to scoop a handful up, her br**sts bouncing.

Holy hell! Sasha turned away, leaning against the thick base of a palmetto.

"Did you tell Rose to put in special order for me?" Jemma Leigh asked, her voice no longer the seemingly ditzy debutant.

"Darlin', I'd reel in rainbows from the sky for you," Jeremy said.

Sasha glanced heavenward. Reel in rainbows? Seriously? If he ever said something so stupid, so treacle as that, he hoped to God someone would shoot him.

Jemma Leigh giggled.

Water splashed.

Sasha sneaked another glance. The lovers were immersed in the spring and rubbing their noses together. Good God.

"You know what this means, JL?" Jeremy asked, his voice husky.

"Please, for the love of God, don't start talking about your bloody feelings," Sasha muttered under breath. He'd rather listen to them snog. It really was a shame he'd left his iPod at home-at Rose's. He glanced up at the sky in annoyance. Wherever.

"Did you hear something?" Jemma Leigh asked.

He flattened himself on the ground. Pine needles tickled and poked at his bare chest. Not wearing a shirt was a brilliant idea.

"All I hear is you," Jeremy said, "Now, honey, tell me what finding this secret place means for us."

Sasha's stomach roiled. It couldn't be, it just couldn't.

"It means this is true love and we'll be together forever," Jemma Leigh sighed, sounding like the most in-love woman in existence. Well, the second most if he counted his cousin's wife. The woman actually cooed at her husband and he seemed to enjoy it. Hell, Sasha knew Christian loved it.

"And ever," Jeremy finished.

Christ. It was the wrong spring.

Sitting up, Sasha closed his eyes and shook his head. It didn't matter, he'd lie and say he found it. That should buy him some time, until he could figure out his next move. He dug in his pocket for his cell phone and texted his uncle.

His phone vibrated and there were the words he'd been waiting for:

It's time to come home. You may visit Phoebe. Be at the airport in thirty minutes.

His muscles eased. Finally, he could see his mother. If he drove exceptionally fast, he could make it to the airport in twenty. He could shower and change on the plane. Everything he could possible need would be on it. But first he had to call Rose and explain.

Another vibration from his phone.

Tell no one.

Why the hell not, he wanted to text back, but his uncle's message was clear. He expected him to go in, get the job done and walk away. Make no friends and leave no one that would care about him being gone behind.

Except Rose.

He'd promised to take her out. Promised to finish what they started. He could ignore his uncle's instruction and do just that.

Sasha banged his fist in the dirt. What kind of son put his sick mother last? Grabbing the nearest rock, he clenched it so tightly in his fist that his knuckles started to ache. There were so many things he wanted to do with that rock. So many words he wanted to shout.

But his situation, much like his life, was futile.

Chapter Twelve

Rose put on her best dress-one that Skye had given her last year at Christmas. Slightly funky and more her baby sister's style than hers with its bold print and little belt that had an alligator as a buckle, she felt young and pretty. It hit her at the knee, but the tall boots she borrowed from Summer's closet looked perfect with it. No one had to know she'd stuffed tissue paper in the toes for them to fit.

Quickly checking the time, she gave herself a once over in the mirror. The cross necklace looked worn and old-fashioned. Maybe she should take it off? Her hands went to the back of her neck and she hesitated. There wasn't a time that she hadn't worn this necklace. This reminder of who she was and where she came from.

"Just this once," she said to her reflection and smiled, taking off the necklace before she lost her nerve. After placing it in her jewelry box, she left her room.

She practically glided down the stairs and floated across the hardwoods, ultimately deciding to wait for him in the small living room. She glanced at the clock over the mantle. Twenty minutes until seven. No reason to panic or get upset.

Seven was a lucky number and people went on dates at seven. Even Jason hadn't picked her up until after seven.

She grabbed the remote and after turning on the television, clicked through all nine channels only to find nothing on. Blackbeard wandered in and out of the room, meowing plaintively until Rose took pity on him and picked him up. "I was trying to not get cat hair on me," she scolded as the cat made himself at home in her lap and purred.

Minutes turned to half hours as Rose waited. Half hours to hours. Each subsequent tick of the clock making her heart beat faster until she had to stand up and pace the room. She carried Blackbeard in her arms, lowering her head and rubbing her cheek against his soft fur every so often.

By nine o'clock her stomach felt funny-not exactly butterflies and not exactly cramps. Maybe he'd gotten in a car accident. Maybe he'd gotten abducted by aliens. Maybe the aliens ran over him with their spaceship. She sat back down and checked the stations for any breaking news of a hot British guy being kidnapped by horny women.

Nothing.

Again she stood, dumping Blackbeard out of her lap, and started for the phone. Pride made her stop and sit back down. She apologized to the unforgiving cat who ran out of the room with his tail standing straight up.

At ten-fifteen, she thought she heard a car pull into the driveway and ran to the front door, flinging it wide open. A sharp retort and a kiss ready for her very fashionably late date. But the driveway was empty. Slowly, she shut the heavy door and locked it, trudging up the grand staircase. Her shoulders drooped and her eyes stung, but she refused to cry.

The words I told you so ran through her mind as the ghosts of every Poppy Holland before her watched with sympathetic eyes as she entered her bedroom.

Her earrings were the first to come off, making a little pinging noise as they hit the interior of the heart-shaped bowl. The boots were thrown into Summer's old room as she made her way to the bathroom. She scrubbed at her face, removing all traces of date night Rose. All traces of an excited woman until nothing but plain humiliation remained.

Despite wanting to rip the dress to shreds, she carefully placed it into the back of the closet, where it couldn't mock her. The never worn before turquoise satin bra and matching panties were traded for boy-cut briefs and a faded nightgown.

Saving her necklace for last, she opened her jewelry box and carefully pulled it out. It gleamed in the moonlight. As she fastened it around her neck, her throat thickened.

Walking over to the bed, she climbed on the mattress and curled into a little ball in the middle of her bed, staring at the night sky through the French doors. Her star winked as unchecked tears slid down her cheeks. She'd been so stupid to wish upon it last night. So childish.

So...hopeful.

With a heavy sigh, she reached down and tugged the quilts to her chest, and closed her eyes. Sleep couldn't come fast enough.

***

In fact sleep didn't come at all. So, she got up, changed her clothes and headed to the basement to begin filling the order for Barbara's Bugs.

Around five in the morning, she trudged through the kitchen, flicking her sleepy eyes at the phone. He could have called while she'd been gone yesterday. Maybe she should've bought an answering machine, but for the odd telemarketer, her phone never rang. As for her cell, it was five years old with sketchy service, had no data plan and was for emergencies only. She'd never seen a reason to give him her number-not until now.

There was so much she still had to do. So many chores that needed to be done, but she was bone tired. Never had it taken so long to go up the stairs. Never had her house felt so empty, so quiet. She missed Ivy. She missed her sisters. She missed...Sasha.

Before she knew what she was doing, Rose found herself at his door. Pressing her hand against it, she closed her eyes and listened for the sounds of him breathing. Of him muttering in his sleep about people not listening to his fashion advice and Paula Dean's cooking. But it was all in vain. He wasn't here.

Blackbeard brushed her legs and rubbed against the door. It opened a crack and the cat slipped inside. She pushed it open further and watched the fickle creature jump on the bed, circle around twice and meow. The cat stretched, claws extended, and kneaded the bed covers before settling down in the middle. Rose wanted to crawl in there with him, breathe in the scent of Sasha's ridiculously expensive cologne.

If Sasha came home today with a really good explanation (and some cheesecake), maybe, just maybe she would forgive him. Maybe allow him to make it up to her. But after a nap and by six that afternoon, Rose knew he wasn't coming back today either.

Rather than mope around, she threw herself into her work again, only stopping to eat and catch a few hours of sleep. With each label she printed out, her heart grew lighter. This was what she'd been taught to do since she was old enough to help out. This was going to let her keep her house and her business. Her life.

Twice Tempted, one read. Another, Four Ways to Keep Your Lover. Two silly little titles, but her customers loved them. Privately, she'd always thought they were sweet. After all, she'd been the one to make them up. Her absolute favorite was tucked away in an old spice chest, one that the first Poppy Holland had brought with her to the New World. Flowery script labeled the small crystal jar Third Time's a Charm. Out of habit she dabbed the jasmine-scented fragrance behind her ears with the delicate stopper. Just as every Poppy Holland had done before her.

And like every Poppy Holland before her, she was destined to be an outcast. To never really be a part of society, but hover on the fringes and help those who needed it. Even those who didn't deserve it. Maybe that was the real reason her mother had left. She couldn't deal with the responsibility or the shame of being a Holland. But she thought nothing of putting the burden on her oldest daughter.

The one that Rose had always thought Summer to be, but as it turned out, Summer was her first cousin, abandoned on their back porch steps by her mother, Wisteria Holland, a month after Summer was born and never heard from again. No one but their family knew and Rose intended to go to her grave keeping it that way.

***

The acrid smell of bleach reminded Sasha of death. He fought the urge to cover his nose and mouth with his hand. Or nick one of those masks that the nurses wore. But for Phoebe, he'd brave anything.

The lonely echo of his footsteps sounded like a cell phone ringing in the middle of a darkened movie theater. Muted voices, the hum of machines and constant beep of heart monitors were the background music of his trek.

No one greeted him, and not since checking in at the front desk had he seen another living soul.

Slowing his pace as he reached his destination, he mentally prepared himself and patted the bag slung over his shoulder. A few heartbeats later he was standing in the doorway, motioning the guard to leave. It wasn't until after the burly man left, did Sasha close the door and approach the bed in the center of the room. One that was appointed with serene earth colors, thick rugs and paintings of his mother's home in Zimbabwe. He had no family to speak of living there; the entire village where his mother had been born was ravaged by cholera two years after they sent her to boarding school in London.

"Hullo." He tenderly smoothed the soft black and grey curls away from his mother's brow. "What have you done with your hair?" He tsked. "Hospital patient was so seven years ago."

Sasha hooked his foot around a nearby chair and pulled it up to the bed. He dropped the bag in the seat, unzipped it and began to lay out its contents on the bedside table. A brush, comb, hair smoother, facial cleanser, and a shampoo cap. Beside those, he placed her favorite moisturizer and his iPod.

He dialed the iPod to the playlist he'd created just for his mother. One full of ridiculously sentimental songs. But that didn't stop him from humming along as the microwave heated the shampoo cap and he washed his hands.

After checking the cap to make sure it wasn't too hot, he tucked his arm under his mother's frail shoulders and gently lifted her, fitting the cap around her head. He carefully propped her against the pillows and began to lightly massage in the shampoo.

His mother had always been so proud of her appearance and her heritage, even when she'd changed her name. A well-meaning agent had convinced a then fifteen year old Mudiwa that her Zimbabwean name wasn't catchy enough. So, she'd changed it to Phoebe, in honor of her favorite English poet. Ten years and a successful modeling career later, she'd met Maks Romanov at a Safe and Clean Water for All benefit.

"I took one look into her beautiful green eyes and she couldn't stop me from asking her out," his father would always say.

"And he couldn't stop me from saying no," she'd laugh.

Then they'd kiss and his father would waltz her around the room, caught up in their own love song.

He'd always loved watching them, even with an adolescent's embarrassment over the affection they shared. Or rather had shared. His father was gone and, for all intents and purposes, so was his mother.

Sasha snagged a towel from by the sink, wrapping it around Phoebe's wet hair after he'd removed the cap. Then he washed her face and applied the moisturizer to her mostly wrinkle-free skin.

"Last month, your old arch-rival, Lina, had a face lift. Everyone knows she's at least eight years younger than you. Although she claims to be eternally thirty-five," he said as he brushed her hair. "I know, I know, I shouldn't revel in others' misery."

Sasha kept the conversation flowing, however one-sided, about fashion and gossip. All the things that would make his mum smile and shake her head at him. It was from her he'd inherited his love of clothes and eye for style.

Tight spirals fell in an orderly array when he was done and he chucked the brush into his bag. Finally he sat, edging the bag out of the seat with his hip and laid his head beside his mother. He took one of her hands and placed it on the back of his neck, the slight weight a comfort. It was times like these he could pretend Phoebe was stroking his hair and asking about his day, his accomplishments.

Exhaling, he closed his eyes and said, "I've met the most beautiful woman. She's kind, generous and has absolutely horrid taste in pajama bottoms. She's raising her sister's baby and running a business all by herself. I think you'd get on with each other."

"Then what's the problem?" his mum laughed.

"I've been sent to destroy her."

"Mugare kure nemoto."

Stay away from the fire. He smiled ruefully. That had been her advice every time he'd been caught being naughty.

"That's a bit dramatic, even for you," Vladimir Romanov chuckled.

Sasha's eyes popped opened and he jumped to his feet, his mum's arm falling listlessly to her bed. He adjusted her hand and the covers. "Don't recall your name being on my VIP list."

His uncle smiled. "We are family, Alexander, and despite what you think of me, my ultimate goal is to maintain those relationships."

"Your ultimate goal is world domination."

Vladimir shrugged. "With my family by my side."

"What family?" Sasha leaned against the closest wall and stroked his chin. "Do you mean the son that won't have anything to do with you, or the one's that dropped off the face of the planet?" Lucky bastards.

His uncle's eyes turned glacial. "Your next project."

Unfazed, Sasha barked out a laugh. "Sebastian hates me only slightly less than you."

"Christian."

Sasha blinked and blinked again. "You can't be serious. After what I've already done to him?"

"Rather Machiavellian if you ask me."

"It's bloody insane, and I refuse to do it." Sasha crossed his arms over his chest.

"Did you think you could fool my team of scientists with the exact same water samples?" His uncle's voice was deadly calm as he strolled to Phoebe's bed, a prelude to a violent storm of consequences that Sasha would bear the brunt.

There was tenderness in Vladimir's gaze. "Sickness hasn't diminished this lovely face."

"You cared for her." Claws of disgust dug deep into his soul.

Vladimir's hand hovered over Phoebe's face and Sasha watched in horror as that same hand covered her nose and mouth. He bolted for her, but two men on his uncle's security detail grabbed him. They shoved his head on the table, holding it there and twisting his arms behind his back. He moaned in pain. The corner of his iPod dug into the side of his face, but it was nothing compared to the helplessness and rage.

"Lust, nothing more."

Sasha relished the flash of annoyance on his Uncle's face. If he could make him mad enough, he might be able to get Vladimir away from Phoebe. "She chose my father over you, didn't she?"

"She was taken in by all that sentimental drivel he spouted."

"Like love and genuine affection? Actually putting his family first, before the company. Before you even."

"Shut him up," Vladimir commanded.

Henchman number one grabbed Sasha by the hair and banged his head on the table. Sasha saw stars, but he wouldn't stop talking. It was rare day that he could actually get to the miserable S.O.B.

"You're jealous of a dead man. Now that he's gone, she still wouldn't choose you, and you know it."

"She was nothing, offered nothing," Vladimir muttered, his hand tightening over Phoebe's nose and mouth. Her body jerked pitifully.

An alarm went off on one of the machines, but Sasha couldn't see which. He grunted and rolled his shoulders, pain shooting through the joints as he struggled to get free. "What she offered, you weren't allowed to have."

Mercifully, his uncle removed his hand. The alarm went silent. "Maks walked away from his family, from me. And what did that get him? Six feet of dirt and you for a son." Vladimir skimmed the back of his knuckles across Phoebe's cheek.

The pressure on Sasha's arms and head lessened. He wrenched free, slammed his elbow into a hard body and bolted for his mother, but the sight of a Glock stopped him cold.

"God damn you to hell." Sasha fell to his knees, prepared to do anything Vladimir asked of him.

His uncle nuzzled the barrel of the gun against Phoebe's mouth and Sasha wanted to vomit. "You will return to Holland Springs. You will find the spring. You will report on Christian."

"Fine, just...for the love of God, put the gun away." Sasha's gaze traveled from his mother to his uncle over and over. "Please," he whispered.

Vladimir sneered. "Look at you. Sniveling and begging on the floor." He spat at Sasha, narrowly missing his face.

Sasha wanted to cry in relief when his uncle tossed the gun to one of the men behind him. "Thank you."

"Remember this the next time you consider lying to me." Vladimir flicked his gaze over him and nodded.

Air whooshed behind Sasha and from a distance he heard a thunk. Unable to control his body, he slid to the floor.

"Get him on the plane," his uncle ordered, his voice sounding like it was underwater.

His mother's bed blurred, then multiplied as his head lulled to one side. Sasha blinked, trying to combine the images into one solid picture. Men on either side of him grabbed him by the arms, dragging him to the door.

"On your feet," one of them ordered.

When he didn't move fast enough, the other man raised his hand.

Mercifully, his world went dark before the blow.

Chapter Thirteen

Late Monday morning Rose opened Carolina Dreams for business, completely thankful and anxious that Skye wasn't bringing Ivy back until after lunch. The bells rang on the front door and Gabriel Edwards came strolling in.

Tall, dark, and handsome with a hint of a foreign accent when he spoke, despite being raised most of his life in Holland Springs, Gabriel was the subject of many women that shopped in her store. Now that he was single, they wanted to know if Rose knew who the right woman was for him.

Only problem was that whenever Rose did try to picture who Gabriel needed to find the spring with, the image was fuzzy. As it had always been, since the very first time she'd tried to make a match for him.

Rose smiled and met him in the middle of the store. "What can I help you with?"

Gabriel shook her hand, his manners unfailingly polite as he asked about her, Skye, and Ivy. She thought it was odd that he didn't ask about Summer. Then again, his relationship with Summer had always been odd. "So what do you really need, Gabriel?"

Finally, he rubbed the bridge of his nose and peered at her under his brows, his indigo eyes serious as ever. "Could you do me a favor and take on an employee? One of the teens I've been mentoring has finally made the decision to leave his crew, but he needs a place to live and work. Maybe you could let him live above your store and take the rent out of his paycheck?"

She wasn't sure if she wanted a troubled teen around Ivy. Or her cash register. "How old is he and has he ever been arrested?" Walking to the back of the store, she tried tugging a heavy box over to the counter, but it barely moved. "How in the world did Skye lug this downstairs?"

"Eighteen and petty theft."

Standing, she wiped her hands on the back of her jeans. "No history of violence? Drugs?"

"Not yet. Where do you want this?" Gabriel asked, waving her out of the way.

She pointed at the counter top. "There."

He lifted the box filled with bottles of shampoo and conditioner with ease. "Please, Rose, he has no family to speak of. His big brother is a gang banger and his mother just got shipped back to Mexico. No one else will give him a chance, and I heard from Jemma Leigh that you got a huge contract with Ingrid's Insects."

"Barbara's Bugs," she corrected with a smile. "Thanks for the help."

"You're welcome." He grinned back, then sobered. "No one else will hire him. You're my last hope. And it's not because I was holding out for something better. I know you have a lot on your plate right now, with taking care of Ivy and all." He blew out a breath. "I'll be personally responsible. If he breaks or steals anything, I'll have David haul his butt to jail and pay you twice what it was worth."

She hesitated. "I'm not sure it's a good idea, Gabriel."

"Come on, Rose, give him a chance to prove he's not what everyone thinks he is."

She sighed, tucking a stray curl behind her ear. "What's his name?"

"Miguel Ruiz." A look of pure relief passed over his face. "When can he start?"

"When does he need to?"

Gabriel bit the side of his bottom lip before he answered. "As soon as possible."

"Miguel can move in Thursday afternoon. That'll give him the entire weekend to rearrange the upstairs. Tell him there'll be some casseroles in the freezer to get him started. And some basics in the fridge."

Gabriel grabbed her and pressed a quick kiss to her forehead. "If this town only knew what you really were like, honey."

"They wouldn't believe it. Most of them will think I've taken up with a younger man," Rose said, her face growing hot. She stepped away from him as he let go of her arms. "Did you tell him about our...my reputation?"

He grunted. "Nothing to tell. Anyway, I need to get back to work before Noah drives Allie insane and she quits."

"Will you be my date for the fundraiser at the Collins'?" she asked.

"Uh, well, those kind of events aren't really my thing," he said, fidgeting with his keys.

What he really meant, but was too polite to say, was that women like her weren't his thing, not anymore. Defending her and her sisters when they were kids being bullied was one thing, but now that they were all adults, it wasn't needed.

Besides his family was well-respected in the community. He was well-respected, with all the outreach programs he'd started. Gabriel understood more than most that there were some people who couldn't be saved. That there were some families whose reputations would never change.

"Never mind. I got the invitation today. Everyone who owns a business in town did. Jemma Leigh designed the invitations and they're very pretty." She snapped her mouth shut and began sorting the remaining bottles into two piles, afraid she'd blurt out that the invitation was probably a mistake, but she wasn't going to let that stop her from going. Besides, a part of her wanted to see Harrison Collins squirm in public.

"It's not you, Rose. It's just that my ex will be there, and-"

"You're still in love with Zoe?"

"No." He shook his head, looking her in the eye. "I'm happy for her. Only seeing her reminds me of what I could've had. I've wasted a lot of time wanting the wrong woman."

"I completely understand." She'd been wasting her time wanting the wrong man. But she really didn't want to go alone. She didn't want to have to face all those people. Or be the third wheel on Skye's date with Tristan.

"I'll go."

She turned to him, making a face. "You will?"

"Don't get too excited," Gabriel laughed. "Look, it's not your problem; it's mine. I'll be your date. What time does it start and what should I wear?"

Placing her arms along the box's edge, she tried to remember the exact wording on the invitation. "Eight p.m. Wear a mask with your costume." Raising her brows conspiratorially, she said, "It's on All Hallow's Eve. I'll be going as myself."

"An angel?" A slow grin slid on his handsome face and his indigo eyes glinted with amusement.

Oh Lord, was Gabriel flirting with her? "Poppy Holland."

He bit at his lip again and lowered his lashes. "The Witch of Strawberry Grove. Don't suppose you'd share some of your special wine with me?"

He was! Everyone knew that Poppy Holland only drank strawberry wine with her lovers. "I..." she began, not sure how to gently turn him down. But honestly why should she tell him no? She'd practically grown up with Gabriel and trusted him. And she wasn't dating Sasha. Even if she'd-they'd...Good grief. She was hopeless.

"I was only kidding, honey." Gabriel smiled, flashing a dimple in his left cheek.

Chagrined, she picked up the closest shampoo bottle and placed it with the conditioners. "Of course you were."

"How about I bring over dinner and a movie tonight?"

Startled at his offer, Rose could only stare at him.

"If you have other plans, don't worry about," he said softly.

"As long as you don't mind Ivy."

"I love kids."

He stepped closer and her heartbeat stayed steady. This was so unfair. Gabriel was a nice guy, a good-looking guy. A stand-up kind of guy that a girl took home to meet her parents. He was a guy that took girls home to meet his. What was wrong with her? Taking a deep breath, she said, "I'll cook supper and you bring the DVD. Be at my house by 6:30."

The bells on the front door jingled.

"Okay, so dinner and movie for tonight, be there t at 6:30. Then Friday night pick you up by seven. Got it." He stepped away from her, picked up another box and placed it on the counter. "Would you like to eat first?"

Skye breezed in with Ivy. She gave Rose a what-the-hell-is-going-on look, but didn't interrupt their conversation.

"They're serving heavy hors d'oeuvres. I think we'll be fine," she replied, lifting her chin. She didn't care what her sister thought.

"Sounds good," he said with a nod. "See you later, then. Nice to see you, Skye."

"Bye," Rose said, frowning at Skye when she remained silent.

The bells on the front door jingled as Gabriel opened and closed it behind him.

"I didn't know he was allowed to celebrate pagan holidays," Skye said as she handed over Ivy.

Starfish-shaped hands opened and closed, reaching for her and Rose held her close. She breathed in Ivy's sweet baby scent and ignored her sister's barb. "I've missed you so, so much."

"Rose."

Eying Skye over Ivy's curly head, she said, "How was she?"

"Fine." Skye crossed her arms, fairly dancing with energy. And curiosity. "How was your date with Alexander?"

Two could play at this. "Fine. Thank you for keeping her."

"Where is he by the way?"

Rose blurted out the first thing that came to mind. "Family emergency."

"When's he coming back?"

"I don't know."

"Really?" Skye raised her brows.

"Really."

Skye stared at her and Rose did the same right back.

"Tristan's parked his truck in the back. Where are your keys?" Skye finally asked.

Bouncing the baby in her arms, Rose placed kisses along her cheeks. "On my desk."

A couple of minutes later, Skye handed Rose her keys back and kissed Ivy on the head. "I'll see you Friday."

"Great." Now she only had to find a last minute babysitter. Gabriel's mother had offered before, but Rose had turned her down. Maybe she should call her later and ask if the offer still stood.

"It shouldn't be too hard to for him to dress as holier-than-thou. He's got the market cornered," Skye tossed out over her shoulder.

"Look, he apologized about what happened between him and Summer. Stop holding a grudge."

"Whatever," Skye muttered.

Rose snapped. "God forbid you ever have to deal with people not liking you. Or thinking the worst of you. And I believe I speak for all of us that don't have that luxury by saying: kiss my butt."

Skye stopped mid-stride and whirled around, her hazel eyes huge. "How do you know what people think of me? Or you? All you and Summer have ever done is assume the worst."

"Summer and I never assumed. We were reminded day after day." Grabbing a blanket from a nearby basket, Rose spread it out on the floor and placed the baby on it.

"You never talk to anyone, not even me. You never go out. You have no friends, Rose. None."

Turning to Skye, she said, "When am I supposed to make friends? Should I do it before or after work? Before or after taking care of Ivy? Before or after paying for you to go to school, the light bill, the food bill, or car insurance? Before or after working my ass off cleaning someone else's house? Making it look beautiful while ours rots. While I can't afford to pay someone to fix it because they want more than money. Because no decent man around here will look at me twice. All you do is smile and the town's doctor is panting after you, ready to jump as high as you tell him. He's taking you out, helping you keep someone else's kid, and most important of all, Tristan's not dating you because he made a bet with his buddies that he could make the ice princess thaw."

Rose slapped her hand over her mouth, horrified. She'd never told anyone about that stupid bet Jason had made. The one she'd "accidentally" found out about on their last date when one of his buddies stopped by the table to pay up, after Jason broken things off with her. She'd been unable to say a thing, too mortified to make a scene in such a nice restaurant.

"Rose, I didn't know." Skye ran back to her, giving her a tight hug. "I'm sorry."

"It's nothing," Rose said softly. "Besides, it was a long time ago."

"A year and a half isn't that long," Skye reminded her.

No, no it wasn't. "Water under the bridge, honey. Now go spend time with your man." It was easy to forgive Skye or anyone else she loved. Maybe if she actually took the time to talk to her, then they would have more insight into each others' lives.

"Call me," Skye said as she left.

"I will," Rose said and she meant it. She scooped up a very sleep Ivy and headed to her office.

She laid the baby down for her afternoon nap, and gently shut the door. As she started to turn, something caught her by the arm and spun her around. Her heart bungy-jumped to her toes, hitting her throat on the bounce back up.

"Sasha," she gasped, her heart pounding. With adrenaline or happiness, she wasn't sure.

Before she could stop him, he pulled her flush against his body. His palm slowly slid up her spine and cupped the back of her head. Mesmerized by the fierce longing in his eyes, she allowed him to rub his thumb across her bottom lip.

"I've missed you, Rosebud." Sasha covered her mouth with his.

Chapter Fourteen

Sasha was kissing her. Right here, right now in her store. After being gone forever and a day. After making her cry, and-

"Kiss me back," he murmured and sealed his mouth over hers again, his tongue slipping past the defenses of her lips and seemingly daring her to bite him as it coasted over her teeth.

She gripped his arms, the lean muscles gathering and bunching under hands. For a moment she melted against him, rubbed her body along the hard planes of his and reveled in the low sounds he made in his throat. How their lips moved in perfect synchronization, like old lovers.

Digging her fingers into his arms, she tore her mouth away and shoved. Hard.

He stumbled back. "Rose."

She took in great gulps of air, her br**sts rising and falling. And, damn him, he wasn't even following the movements. He was too busy staring at her face.

Sasha started for her again.

The bells on the door rang and he froze.

Skye walked in with Ivy's diaper bag and a huge smirk on her face. "I'm really sorry to have interrupted your reunion, but I left this in Tristan's truck." Turning to Sasha she asked, "Is everything okay with your family?"

His brows drew together. "My family?"

Skye's smile contracted. "Rose said you had a family emergency."

He looked at Rose and she lifted her chin, daring him to call her a liar. Finally, he settled his gaze back on Skye. "Sorry, still recovering from jet lag. My mother's stable. Thank you for asking." He almost looked like he was telling the truth.

"What's wrong with her?" Rose asked before she could stop herself.

He stared over her shoulder. "She's been in a coma for the past seven years. And she's not getting any better. Or any worse for that matter."

"What about your dad?" Skye asked.

Sasha glanced at Rose, found her watching him and quickly turned, but not before she'd seen the emotion on his face. She wanted to comfort him, wanted to take away the pain she'd witnessed in his eyes, but she couldn't. Not now. Maybe not ever.

"He was killed in a car crash when I was eighteen."

A heavy silence filled the room.

Skye's expression turned thoughtful. "Have you ever considered-"

Oh God, not this. The last thing Sasha would want to hear about is Skye's theories on holistic medicine. "Not now, Skye," Rose said, holding up her hand.

"Fine," Skye huffed. "I need to go anyway. Class at four, then work at seven."

Rose waited until everyone had said their good-byes and Skye was halfway down the street before she turned to the man she had wanted to kick out of her store. Her house. Her life.

She reached for her necklace, but settled for the space over her heart. "Why are you here if your mother is sick?"

"There's nothing I can do for her."

"Is somebody else in your family taking care of her?"

"She's in a long-term care facility."

"Still, she needs family."

"Her needs are being met," Sasha ground out.

"It's not the same," she insisted.

Their eyes met, hers beautifully blue and full of questions, but he refused to elaborate. Rose would never understand. Hell, the less she understood the better off she was. "I brought cheesecake," Sasha said, gesturing at the bag on the counter and smiling brilliantly. Running a hand through his hair, the small lump on his head painfully throbbed when he touched it.

Rose's dark brows raised fractionally. "Is that supposed to be your apology?"

"Yes." But he was quite sure that it would take more than dessert to make it up to her. "I'd like for you to be my date for the fundraiser to make up for missing our date this weekend."

Pale cheeks turned pink before his eyes. "Um." She licked her lips.

This was not the reaction he'd been expecting from her. He would've thought she'd yell at him or kick him out of the house by now. Jason Everett had been right about one thing: Rose was an exception to every rule.

"I can't."

"You can," he said, leaning his hip against the counter. "I'll kick out the first ass**le that so much as looks at you wonky-eyed."

"It's not that," she said after long moments of hesitation.

Relief filled him. For a dark moment, he thought she had a date. "Fantastic. I'm going as a stunningly handsome-and let's be perfectly honest-fashionable man in black. You?"

"A date."

He wobbled his head from side to side, pushing out his lips a little and scratching his chin. "I reckon I can change my costume. Perhaps go as a bowl and carry you around all night, shall I?" He'd rather hoped she would have picked something sexier. There had to be a law somewhere that said women had to dress in the most erotic way possible on the thirty-first of October.

She shook her head, her pretty curls dancing around her head. "No, I'm not going as a date. I have a date."

His mouth dropped. He couldn't help it. Severe jealousy stabbed him in the heart along with the panic of losing her. No, not her, the opportunity to find the right damn spring. If she was distracted by another man, then she couldn't spend time with him and he couldn't earn back her trust. "With whom?"

"Gabriel Edwards."

"You can't be serious."

"Why?" Her stubborn chin tilted as she crossed her arms. "He's too good for someone like me?"

Sasha silently counted to ten and then did it twice more before he answered. "He's nothing like what you deserve." The temperature in the store suddenly felt as if it had gotten twenty degrees cooler. He shivered, but Rose didn't appear to be affected at all. In fact, her pretty eyes fairly blazed at him.

"You mean someone like you-a liar and a user? That's what you think I deserve?"

"Don't twist my words." His breath came out in steady white puffs of air as he spoke.

"Says the man who twists everything to his advantage."

If only she knew what a disadvantage his entire life was. If only she could see his mother, laying helpless and colorless in a hospital with a gun in her mouth. If , if, if.

Rage filled him, heating his body until the goose bumps that had begun to dot his skin disappeared and his hands clenched into fists. He jerked his gaze around the room until he found the thermostat and strode to it, nearly breaking the plastic tab as he shoved it to seventy-five.

"Leave my things alone," she said, ducking under his arm and wresting his hand away.

The back of her sweater collided with the front of his shirt. He cupped her shoulders to steady them both, but it only served to throw him off-balance. He had the insane notion to sweep her hair aside and drink in the jasmine perfume she wore behind her ears. To nibble on her neck until breathy moans filled the air.

Another blast of cold air hit him and he dropped his hands as if he'd been scalded. "While your Holland hocus-pocus seems to scare everyone else, might I remind you that not only am I wholly unimpressed, but you've Ivy to consider."

She stiffened her spine. "And let me remind you, Alexander, that who I choose to spend time with is none of your concern."

He made an inarticulate noise and turned on his heel, marching to the door he didn't remember leaving open, and out of her store.

***

The last person Sasha expected to see sitting on the sofa with Rose was Gabriel Edwards. Her bloody date to his party. His party. And the son of a bitch was holding Ivy.

The baby stared at the man holding her in his arms, her little mouth puckered. His clever girl was not happy.

Rose gave Gabriel one of her rare smiles and it took all of Sasha's self-control not to walk in there and bodily throw Gabriel out of the house. Breathing deeply, pressed the heel of his hand against his chest and rubbed. The last time she'd smiled at him he'd run like a first-rate coward out of her house.

Walking up behind them, he cleared his throat. Ivy looked up at him, her puckered lips spreading into a toothless smile while Rose and Gabriel jumped apart like teenagers caught making out by their parents.

Sasha leaned over and plucked Ivy out of Gabriel's arms before anyone could say a word. Ivy raised her brows and he kissed her on the nose. "Hullo, darling."

Rose looked up at him, her eyes narrowing. "What do you think you're doing?"

Sasha gently bounced Ivy and smiled at her, ignoring Rose's irritated expression. "Has Aunt Rose fed you? I'm starving." He walked to the kitchen and opened the refrigerator, looking for a bottle of formula to heat.

Rose's footsteps sounded behind him.

"I've already fed her and you can't just waltz in here like-"

"Like I live here?" he supplied, hitting the door with his elbow and turning around.

Briefly, Rose impersonated a fish gasping for air, then held out her arms. Unfortunately, it wasn't to hug him. However, she wasn't wielding a knife in order to cut out his heart and feed it to Blackbeard. Speaking of which, where was that damn cat? Usually the beast tried to trip Sasha as soon as he walked in the door.

Taking Ivy from him, she gave him the smallest smile he'd ever seen. "I fixed a plate for you. It's on the second shelf of the fridge."

He rubbed the back of his neck and sighed. "I'm sorry, love."

"For not being here when I cooked?" she asked, tilting her head to the side in an attempt at guilelessness, but he wasn't fooled. "It's not required in your lease."

Lowering his chin, he looked at her from under his brows and crossed his arms. "That, too. But actually, I was referring to Friday night-the whole damn weekend-"

"Rose, honey," Gabriel called out, "the previews are almost over and the movie's getting ready to start."

Sasha clenched his jaw tight to keep from telling Gabriel to shut it.

"Coming," Rose said, her voice perfectly sweet.

Sasha didn't think he could be more jealous, but as usual he was wrong. "What's Edwards doing here?"

"Gabriel brought over a movie for us to watch."

"And what does he have planned for later?"

Fury flashed in her eyes. "He's a gentlemen."

"He's bloody boring." And everything a woman like Rose needed. Everything she deserved. Everything Sasha would never be.

She pressed a kiss to Ivy's head before saying, "Grow up, Sasha." She turned to walk away.

Catching her arm, he prevented her from leaving, but she wouldn't face him. "Is this a real date?"

"Jealous?"

A part of him demanded he lie, but he was done playing games. "Yes."

"You had your chance," she whispered.

So he had. Reluctantly he let go of her, but he sure as hell wasn't leaving. He lived here.

***

Rose glanced out of the corner of her eyes at Sasha and then at Gabriel. She was sandwiched between the two of them as they watched the DVD Gabriel had brought over. Their broad shoulders and muscular thighs took up most of the couch.

Wriggling didn't help. It only served to remind her of the one man who made her hot. The one who made her body tense in anticipation as his fingers brushed her arm. As he leaned over and whispered the most ridiculous rumors about the people they were watching.

"Hates Gummy Bears, that one. Can't abide a man who doesn't like sweets." Sasha brushed her hair away from her neck. Her skin began to tingle so sharply that it hurt.

"I don't like them either," she said, turning slightly to face him. Maybe that would make him leave her alone. Maybe she should join Ivy upstairs in her crib.

A slow grin tilted his lips at the corner and she became really thankful she was sitting down, because her knees were non-existent. "That's because you're already sweet enough."

"I am not sweet."

"Is that so?" He leaned closer, his lips grazing her neck. "Mmm-delicious."

"Did you just lick me?" she hissed, furtively glancing at Gabriel. He rested his chin in his hand as he leaned to one side, thoroughly engrossed in the movie.

"I'll taste you again, shall I," Sasha said, his golden head titling to the side. "Just to be sure." This time his lips didn't brush against her skin. He actually sucked on her neck and nipped at the spot with his teeth.

Oh God! She clenched her thighs together and tried focusing on the movie, but her vision was too foggy. Everything was blurred and she was having a hot flash. The fire in the fireplace leapt higher and a log snapped. "Behave yourself."

"Oh, believe me, love, I am." Sasha eased an arm behind her shoulders.

"You okay, Rose?" Gabriel asked, thankfully paying more attention to the bowl of popcorn in his lap than anything else.

No, she was not okay. She needed to leave. She wanted to run away. Away from her traitorous body so she could focus on the pain Sasha had caused.

"Er, Rose?" Gabriel repeated.

"Aren't you going to answer him?" Sasha murmured, his sexy voice purring in her ear. He bit down gently on the lobe and she elbowed him, relishing his grunt of pain.

Why was she allowing this? This was so not her. This was something Summer would do. Suddenly, someone-she really didn't want to know who-grabbed her hand and she shot to her feet. "I have to go to bed."

Gabriel copied her, his tall and lean form blocking her view of the movie's ending. Which was fine with her because she couldn't remember the name of the darn thing-much less the plot or major characters.

"Thanks for having me over. You're a great cook, Rose," Gabriel said.

Sasha rolled his eyes, not bothering to stand. He sprawled on the sofa with a lazy grace that made her want to throw a pillow at him. "Ass-kisser," he mumbled.

"Stop it," she mouthed.

"Make me," he mouthed in answer and clasped his hands behind his head.

She shook her head at Sasha before grabbing Gabriel by the arm and dragging him out of the room. "Let me walk you out."

"Don't be too long, dear. I need you to tuck me in," Sasha called out as Rose and Gabriel entered the foyer.

She glanced up at Gabriel and fiddled with the door handle. "He's joking."

A wry smile played on his lips. "Is he always like that?"

On the verge of answering yes, she stopped and reconsidered. "Well, no-sometimes he's...him," she finished lamely. As if that could sum up a man like Sasha. A man who brought her cheesecake. A man who got up at five in the morning to help her clean and had gotten her chickens back. A man who'd claimed Ivy was his and shunned any store that tried to do the same to Rose.

But it didn't matter.

She didn't trust him and the one promise he'd made to her, he'd broken without a second thought. Even if it was for his mother. He could've called. She deserved a phone call at least. She would have understood, would have offered her help or something to make it easier on him.

Gabriel brushed a lock of hair over her ear. The same ear Sasha had whispered in and bitten.

She shivered.

Gabriel's hand fell to his side and his indigo eyes gleamed. "Looks like I've got competition."

"What...you-I," she floundered for words.

Biting the side of his lip for a moment, Gabriel leaned in and said quietly, "Don't worry, honey, I'm just teasing you again. Romanov needs to see your worth. Women come too easy for a man like him."

She furrowed her brow. "You mean you're not-"

"Who wouldn't be?" Gabriel cheeks flushed. "You're sweet, hard-working, and one of the prettiest girls in Holland Springs, but it was over as soon as he walked in the door. You two lit up like twin Christmas Trees."

Blinking, Rose could barely get out her next words. "But he stood me up."

A dark look covered Gabriel's face. "Did he apologize or give a reason?"

My mother isn't getting any better, or worse for that matter.

"Yes."

"Maybe you should give him another chance. If you want to go with him Friday, I'm okay with that."

Another chance? She'd already given him too many as it was. "No, I asked you to be my date."

"Then I'm your date. I'm going out of town tomorrow for a meeting, so I'll see you Thursday," Gabriel said.

She nodded and opened the front door. "Bring Miguel over around four."

"No problem." He looked over her shoulder and his eyes gleamed again. Suddenly, he bent down and kissed her at the corner of her mouth. "You're welcome," he whispered before he stood. "'Night Romanov."

"Sod off, Edwards," Sasha growled from behind Rose.

She closed the door and whirled to face him. "Could you be more rude?"

"Let me have a go at him and you can judge for yourself."

Fisting her hands on her hips, she glared at Sasha. "You- you spoiled-"

Sasha pounced, backing her up against the door and placing a palm along each side of her head. "Yes, I'm spoiled. I'm ruined and it's all your fault."

She gaped at him. "My fault?"

"Yes, yours-the woman who drives me insane. The woman I dream about kissing. The woman I hunger to be inside." His head dipped down, full lips and sexy beauty mark at the corner dangerously close. "Right now, I'm so damn jealous that I want to..." He turned away but she placed her hand on his jaw and forced his face back to hers.

"To what?"

The heat in his eyes made her legs tremble. "I want to lock you in my bedroom with me and not let you out until, until..."

She licked her lips. "Until when?" she prompted. A small part of her reveled in this, his torture. She wanted him to hurt. To feel something.

He laughed, but it was mirthless. "Never, I never want to let you out."

"Why?" she demanded. "What's changed between last week and tonight?"

"Nothing. Everything. Christ, Rose. I'm so damn sorry and...and I don't know what to do or say." He looked as though he truly meant it. Regret seemed to fill his green eyes and she couldn't make herself look away. This was the real him.

"You made me cry," she whispered.

He rested his head against her forehead, his golden hair soft and silky. "I'm a bastard."

"I waited up for you. I put on my prettiest dress." Tears grew thick in throat. She would not cry in front of him. She only wanted him to know how badly he hurt her. But honestly, if he'd cared, he wouldn't have been so cruel in the first place. Lifting her shaking hands, she tried to push him away, but he wrapped his arms around her and held her close.

"Forgive me," he said, his breath hot in her hair. He kissed the side of her neck, her jaw and her cheek. "I need your forgiveness, Rosebud."

Turning before he could find her mouth and she lost all self-control, she said, "I'll give you another chance."

She wriggled out of his embrace, running upstairs to her room and shutting the door behind her. Pressing cold fingers to her heated cheeks, she closed her eyes and sank to the floor. What had she done?

Chapter Fifteen

Sasha shot out the front door, wrenching the passenger side door open before she put the Jeep in park. "You grab the diaper bag. I'll grab Ivy, then come 'round to get you. It's a wee bit slippery out here."

Rose didn't wait for him to come get her. She parked the Jeep, grabbed her keys and stuffed them in the diaper bag before she got out. They met in the middle and he grabbed her hand. She ran beside him, dodging the fat rain drops that had followed her home.

"Why are we running if it's slippery outside?"

Yesterday he'd weeded the garden, cleaned her house and collected eggs from the chickens. All she had to do when she got home was cook supper and put Ivy (and herself) to bed after thanking a very subdued Sasha. One that kept his hands and everything else to himself.

But tonight, she'd never seen him so excited.

He tightened his grip. "You'll see."

As she walked in the foyer, Sasha kept glancing over his shoulder with a boyish smile on his face. After the third time, she finally asked, "What are you so happy about?" But before he could answer, the sight of her kitchen and family room made her stop in her tracks.

Ivy's diaper bag fell to the floor with a thud.

The kitchen table was covered a white tablecloth and a large vase of violets. Strawberry Grove's fanciest china held their supper. The set of dishes was one that the fourth Poppy Holland's aristocratic lover had gifted her with before sailing back home to Italy.

The small family room had been transformed with white sheets draped over the couch, new fluffy pillows in tasteful shades of green and blue.

The sound of water bubbling caught her attention and she rose up on her tiptoes, amazed to see a foot bath sitting on the floor. Like the kind that they sold at big box discount stores with settings for heat, bubbles, and massage. It was placed directly in front of a chair that normally sat to the left of the massive fireplace in the formal living room.

"What is all this?"

He gestured at the two rooms and gave a silly bow. "Welcome to Strawberry Grove's day, er, night spa." He set Ivy's car seat on the floor and had her out in seconds, pressing a swift kiss to her forehead. "Sit and eat first."

No man had ever cooked her dinner before. She shook her head, unable to keep the smile off of her face. "You thought this would butter me up?"

He flashed a heart-stopping grin her way. "Working, is it?"

As they sat and ate, or rather as she ate while he fed Ivy, her eyes kept straying over to the family room. The fireplace blazed, casting cheery shadows along the walls. Blackbeard sauntered in, making his way to the sofa and jumping on one of the pillows. He circled a couple of times before laying down, purring contentedly.

"What made you think to do this?"

"Your hands and feet, or rather your nails," Sasha said as he propped Ivy against his shoulder and began to pat her back with an ease that didn't surprise her.

Hovering her hands above her lap, she examined her nails. They weren't that bad. She kicked off her flats and rubbed her feet together under the table. "You want me to paint them?"

"No."

He stood and walked over to Ivy's swing, strapping her in and turning on the musical mobile. Immediately the baby's eyes left Sasha and locked on the slowly turning animals. Then he grabbing a two-chambered bucket, sat down on the floor and pulled off Ivy's socks. He selected a bottle and held it up to the light.

"You want to paint Ivy's nails?"

He scrunched his nose and twisted his lips. "No, you daft woman, I did it to paint yours, but honestly, why should she miss out on the fun?"

"Haven't you noticed how she tries to put everything in her mouth?"

"Erm, yes. Quite so. Sorry, darling." He quickly put Ivy's socks back on her feet. He set the small bottle of polish down and took off his shoes and socks. "I'll do mine first. Venom looks promising."

Her mouth dropped open.

"Right, too early 2000s." He rummaged through the bucket again and pulled out a bright red bottle. Turning it over he read, "Cherry Bomb Harlot. Fantastic."

While she finished eating, he painted his toe nails. "Dammit," he muttered, using a cotton ball to swipe at some polish. "This is harder than it looks."

"Are you ready for me now?" she asked as he inspected his feet.

"Give a bloke a minute for his polish to dry."

She stifled a laugh. "It looks great on you. All the guys will be jealous."

He waved his toes, the bright red paint glaring. "Next time, I'll go Goth." He pointed to the chair. "Be a good customer and sit."

She stood, then moved from the kitchen into the family room. Submerging her feet into the hot water, Rose sighed blissfully and flexed her calves. She leaned back in the chair and moaned. "Nothing's ever felt so good."

Sasha snorted. "I suppose I should be offended, but since I'm responsible for your look of sublime pleasure, I'll let it inflate my ego."

She smiled. "I'm sure your ego is inflated without my approval or pleasure."

He knelt down and lifted one of her feet, drying it off before he began to rub lotion up and down her calf. "Mind my cheat sheet, love. I downloaded it before entering the black hole of cell phone signals otherwise known as your house."

Glancing at his phone, she could barely make out the instructions. "Are those fun to play with?"

"You'd have more fun playing with me." His fingers drifted to the arch of her foot. She giggled and jerked, almost kicking him in the chest. "Good God, woman, behave."

"I'm too ticklish," she gasped.

"Fine, we'll go to painting straightaway then." Letting go of her foot, he rummaged through the bucket and pulled out two different polishes. One was dark blue mixed with glitter and the other a bright pink. "Pick."

"Which one do you think I like?" she asked, feeling a little flirty.

His gaze dropped to the bottles and she watched with a sinking heart as he placed the dark blue one on the floor. That was the one she wanted. It reminded her of midnight skies with sparkling stars. "Galaxy suits you," he said and gently lobbed the pink one to the side. "So does being pampered."

She peered at him through her lashes, a shy smile covering her face. "I think being pampered by you suits me."

He paused and tilted his head to the side, his eyes glinting in the firelight. "It suits me to pamper you, love," he murmured and bent his golden head to see to his work.

Sublime pleasure filled Rose.

After she'd been properly polished, Rose held her hands out and wiggled her fingers, grinning. "That was my very first manicure and pedicure."

He paused in the middle of cleaning off the kitchen table. "Honestly?"

"Yes." She nodded and stuck out a foot. Silver sparkles caught the light as Blackbeard examined her pinky toe. "I'll help you finish cleaning."

"No, you've been up since six. I'll take care of this," he said, dumping liquid dish soap in a sink rapidly filling with hot water. "You take Ivy and go to bed."

Impulsively, Rose ran over to Sasha and gave him a brief hug. "Thank you." Then she turned away, not wanting to see his reaction. She unfastened Ivy, scooped her out and bolted for her bedroom.

***

On Thursday evening, she found him at the stove, wearing her grandmother's apron.

"You're late." He waved a spatula at the nearest chair. "Sit."

"What's on tonight's menu?" The aroma made her mouth water in anticipation.

Sasha placed three bowls on the table, only two with serving spoons. "A very special meal." He pointed to each dish. "Roasted butternut squash, sazda with nyama, and for dessert, mapopo candy. It's made from papaya. You'll love it."

"What makes it so special?" she asked as he removed the apron, folding and setting it on the counter.

He moved to the table and sat down beside her. "It's a traditional dish of Masvingo. That's where my mum lived when she was little." Pinching off a bite-size portion of what looked like a thick tortilla, he rolled it in his palm and dipped the ball in the meat stew.

"Where's that?"

"Far away from here." He lifted it to her mouth. "Open."

"You're going to feed me?"

He gave her a crooked grin. "Sharing food is something that family does in Masvingo."

"I don't know." She squirmed in her chair. Somehow the act of him feeding her seemed very intimate, something lovers did for one another.

"It's not poison, Rose." He dipped the ball of sazda, then drew air circles with it. "One bite, love."

Feeling slightly silly, she barely opened her mouth.

"Wider."

Sighing, she widened it and Sasha's green eyes glinted.

"Not that wide-I don't want to actually watch you chew it."

Jerking back, she began to clamp her lips together, but he popped it in before they closed. Flavor exploded in her mouth and she moaned in appreciation.

"What every man most likes to hear when a woman has her mouth full of his...cooking." Sasha waggled his eyebrows as she chewed.

She giggled. "More please."

He fed her another bite. "That particular phrase a close second."

"Stop, I'll choke." Somehow she managed to swallow and he fed her yet another bite.

"Third."

"Now I get to feed you," she said, pinching off a bite-sized portion of the thick tortilla, rolling it in her hand, then dipping it in the meat stew. He grinned as she held it up to his mouth. His lips parted and she pushed the sazda inside.

"Delicious," he said, after chewing and swallowing it down.

They fed each other. Sasha purposefully nipping at her fingers when it was her turn. She couldn't stop giggling. "Quit biting me."

"But I like the extra flavor," he said with a teasing smile. "One last bite then dessert, yes?"

"Yes." She began to part her lips, but the heat of his gaze stopped her. "What?"

"Close your eyes this time," he gently ordered, his voice husky.

Her lashes fluttered down, but she quickly opened her eyes again to find him leaning closer. So close that she could count the freckles on his nose. Forget counting them, she wanted to kiss each one. Instead she concentrated on the meal he'd fixed. So simple, yet so exotic. Unexpected.

As if sensing her inner turmoil, he set the sazda in the middle of his plate and said, "You're the first person I've shared this with since both of my parents were alive."

Taking a deep breath, she wiped her mouth with a cloth napkin, then set it on the table. "Why's your mom in a coma?"

"Failing health."

"But what made her health fail in the first place?" She wanted, no she needed, him to be honest with her.

His jaw worked and his eyes got a faraway look to them. "Drunk driver hit the car we were in. The shite facilities did the rest." He stood and grabbed one of the bowls, then dumped it into the sink. "I'd rather not talk about this."

"What about dessert? I promise to keep my eyes closed this time," she said, trying to tease him.

"This was a bad idea."

Before she knew what she was doing, she had risen from her chair and crossed the small space between them. Laying a hand on his arm, she gave a light squeeze. "It's not your fault, you know."

He rubbed the back of his neck with his hand, looking like he'd rather be anywhere else than with her. "You're wrong."

"How so? Were you the drunk driver?" Her heart began to pound in her chest. Was that why he refrained from drinking most of the time?

"Hell, no."

"What did you do when you found out that those facilities were bad?"

His hand dropped and curled into a fist. "Persuaded the powers that be to move her."

"See," she said, giving him a gentle smile. "You're not the bad guy you pretend to be."

He briefly raised his brows and flattened his lips. "As much as I hate repetition, you're wrong."

She wound her arms around his unyielding form and leaned against him. "I don't believe it." Sure he'd made really bad decisions, but the things he did to make up for them, to make it up to her were more than lip service.

"You should-" He placed his hand under her chin, tilting it up to meet his hard gaze, "-because I want to do very bad things to you."

Heat flooded her body, finding the tips of her fingers and the ends of her toes. "Like what?"

He cupped her breast, his thumb rubbing across her nipple. "Touch you here."

It tightened in response and she arched into the sheer pleasure of his touch. "Is that all?"

"No, you little temptress, that's not all." He sank to his knees and ran his hands under the bottom of her flowered skirt and up her legs. "Hold this."

She grasped the material with one hand and gripped the countertop with the other to keep from melting to the floor.

He pressed heated kisses to her leg along the way, his hot breath wafting against her skin in delicious waves. "I want to tie you to my bed and have you at my mercy." His talented tongue found her birthmark and traced it, making her gasp and tremble. "I want to lick cream from your ni**les while you ride me. I want to put raspberries here-" His fingers slid under her panties and lightly stroked her, "-and feast."

A low moan erupted from her throat. She could barely draw in enough air as he tugged her panties down her legs. Grabbing her hips with his large hands, he turned her so that she leaned against the counter.

Eyes as dark and mysterious as the forest sought hers. "Let me love you this way."

Flustered she looked around the room, belatedly remembering Ivy was snug in her crib upstairs.

"It's only you and me, sweetheart."

Swallowing, she managed a nod and hitched her skirt higher, legs trembling.

The first pass of his tongue made her knees buckle and his hands slid to her bottom, anchoring her. His tongue delved, parting the damp curls and she tensed, waiting for his tender assault. Apparently, Sasha had other ideas. Ideas that made her weak and wet.

He lightly stroked her, teased her as the tip of his tongue traced the delicate folds. Looking down, she watched him as his lips pressed against her, his head moving in gentle nods. She moaned at the carnal sight.

He clutched her bottom tighter and pressed his tongue deeper. Finally-finally- stroking her where she ached the most. Over and over, until she was shaking and biting her lip to keep from screaming.

He hummed low in his throat and looked up, his lips shiny with her. "You are delectable." He kissed her curls before asking, "Shall I continue?"

Rose grabbed his head with her free hand, pulling him back to her. "God, yes." The next few flicks of his tongue had her moaning his name. Another slide and she shattered into fragmented pieces of herself.

Closing her eyes, she leaned heavily against the counter and felt his hands leave her. But it wasn't enough. She wanted more. She needed more. Him. Sasha.

Rising to his feet, he kissed the side of her neck, sucking at a tender spot. She could feel his erection as it rubbed the cradle of her hips through his pants.

"What about you?" She was more than willing to satisfy him.

"This wasn't about me."

"Take me to your bed, here...it doesn't matter where...I still want you."

He swept her up in his arms and placed her on the counter, then groaned. "You deserve a bed."

Lifting her in his arms once more, he practically ran down the hall, taking the stairs two at a time. Several heartbeats later he threw her into the middle of his bed, his body covering hers. His tongue invaded the seam of her lips, easing inside with a finesse that made her want to weep and tear his hair out.

She parted her thighs and he rocked against her. Wanting more, she struggled to wrap her legs around his hips, but her skirt was tangled around her knees.

"Help me," she pleaded.

He pushed the elastic waistband of her skirt over her hips and down her legs. Desperate to have him, she jerked his sweater over his head and reached for his pants, but he'd beaten her to it.

He stood and kicked them away. Hooking his thumbs into the waistband of his boxer briefs, he shoved them down and off. Then he gave her a pirate's smile and jumped on the bed again, enveloping her in his arms while his heavy erection pressed against her inner thigh.

"I'm overdressed," she whispered against his throat.

"Can't have that." He stripped away the remainder of her clothes while she kissed and bit at his shoulders, his chin and earlobe. "You remember everything I like, don't you?" he growled in her ear.

"It suits me," she said playfully.

Cool air washed over her ni**les and his hot mouth covered one as it tightened. She arched off the bed when he began to suck deeply. She writhed beneath him, his hands and mouth everywhere. There wasn't a part of him that didn't cover her. No matter which way she turned, his hands were there to caress her hip, her arm or cheek. Unable, it seemed, to let any part of her go untouched.

His arm flung out, his hand opening the small drawer in the dresser beside the bed. She rose to her knees as he did the same, unwilling to lose the close contact of his body. Her curls hung down her back and cascaded over her arms as she rubbed against him. She heard the sound of foil being torn open.

"Rosebud, you are so damn lovely," he said and quickly sheathed his erection with a condom.

She turned away and crawled up the mattress. He covered her from behind, kissing her neck and she balanced herself on her hands and knees, ready for him.

Instead he gently bore her back to the bed. "Not this time, love. I much rather look at you."

"Oh," she said. The back of her head hit the mattress and his body covered hers, hot and muscular, the metal of his nipple rings making depressions in her chest. She reached between them and pinched one, eliciting a groan. She felt his erection against her and she widened her thighs, desperate to have him inside. "Now, oh God...now." He thrust deeply and she jolted at his invasion, trying to accommodate his size.

"Christ," he exhaled and dropped his head to the curve of her neck. Repositioning her hips with his hands, he murmured her name and thrust again, filling her completely this time.

"Sasha," she moaned and wrapped her legs around his lean hips.

His breath steamed against her skin, his lips and teeth working together to find every sensitive spot along the column of her throat. She dug her nails into his back, relishing the feel of his muscles as they gathered and flexed beneath her hands. His body moved with precision as he filled her.

Letting go of her hips, he sank his hands into her hair, holding her head still as he began to ravage her mouth, the thrusts of his tongue driving her wild. She drew it deeper as she drew him deeper inside of her. Her heart pounded as moan after moan filled the room. Hers and his blending with the steady rhythm of the bed creaking as they moved together.

Straining against him, she unlocked her legs and braced her feet on the mattress. "More," she whispered in his ear and bit down on the lobe.

As if something had been keeping him in check until that very moment, his hips pistoned and Sasha's eyes roll to the back of his head with the pleasure of it. Rose felt beyond incredible. Beyond soft and sweet as her body held him so damn tightly within that he'd nearly came when he'd made the initial breach.

Faster and harder he rocked against her, unable to do more than grab her wrists with one hand and pin them against the bed. He loved this, being inside of her, giving her pleasure and he wanted to feel her orgasm around his cock.

Suddenly, her muscles clamped down on him and he groaned at the unspeakable pleasure. "Can you come again?"

Her beautiful blue eyes were glazed with passion when they opened. "Yes...yes."

Angling his pelvis higher, he rolled his hips and she cried out. He smiled with pure male satisfaction and did it again. This time she whimpered.

"Again, Rosebud. Make those pretty sounds again." He undulated against her and she responded with more moans until he wasn't sure what was turning him on more-the feel or sound of his Rose.

Sweat beaded his brow and his hair plastered his forehead as he continued to move. He didn't care if it took all damn night to make her come this way. His c**k jumped and he fought the urge to let go. Okay, so maybe not all night.

He looked down at his lover, watching her beautiful face as she threw her head back. Her br**sts were lifted perfectly for him, and he bent down, drawing a red tip into his mouth.

She cried out and her inner muscles clamped down hard on his cock. He sucked deeper and rolled his hips again as she came. As she fluttered around him. As his own orgasm made his erection surge and jump. He continued to thrust as his orgasm poured out of him, wishing that this moment was endless. Wishing that he could stay in her arms forever.

Finally, he released her nipple and it popped out of his mouth.

She giggled, then sighed.

He looked up at her, letting go of her wrists and halting the movements of his hips.

"Hi," she said, her lashes fluttering to rest on flushed cheeks before lifting again and making his heart turn over.

"Hullo, love." He kissed the tip of her nose.

Supple arms came around his shoulders, drawing him down to her chest. "Can I sleep with you tonight?" Her voice was barely above a whisper and seemingly guarded.

It was her house. Why in the hell would she...He closed his eyes for a moment.

Mistaking his silence for a no. She began to squirm. "Never mind. I don't know why I asked. I'm-I'll just go back to my room now. It's probably for the best anyway. I mean, Skye used to tell me I tossed and turned all night. So I'm sure I would be a bother and Blackbeard would be jealous."

Skye and Blackbeard? Rose's reference to sleeping with someone, actually going to sleep, included her sister and that damn cat? Even as he still rested inside of her, he had to know. "What would your former lovers have to say about that?"

The room was silent as he listened to the rapid beat of her heart. "Nothing."

"Picked the quiet types, did you?"

"He, they usually drove me back to my store after our...dates."

Sasha would bet his life she'd meant lover in the singular sense. As in Jason Everett. He turned and placed his elbows on each side of her shoulders. "And the other times?"

Her impossibly blue eyes widened before she looked away. "I walked."

That ass**le had made her walk? "Rose, that's not..." He let his head drop to her chest and he concentrated on breathing. Slowly. Picturing ways to castrate the son of a bitch helped.

"It was spring, and I like walking. The trees were really pretty, too."

Oh, good God, she was rambling. Castration was too good for his former lawyer. He would go all out and get rid of everything. "Jason doesn't deserve your defense."

"I wasn't defending him." Her gaze swung back to his and her mouth formed a perfect O when she realized what she'd said. "Or any other of my many, many lovers."

He snorted and rolled to sit on the edge of the bed. "It doesn't matter to me how many lovers you've had-one or a hundred and one. But every woman, especially you, deserves to be treated with decency. Dropping you off like the evening post or making you walk isn't it. That's what matters to me."

"You've never done that?" she said and he glanced over his shoulder as her chin tilted.

"No, I was taught to treat a woman better than that." Really? an insidious voice whispered, Did your father teach you to seduce the woman you were ordered to destroy? He grimaced and rose from the bed. "I'll be back and I expect you to be waiting for me," he called out as he started for the door.

"Sasha?"

He turned slightly and relief filled him when he saw her climbing under the covers. "Yes?"

Luminous eyes regarded him thoughtfully as she settled against the pillows, her curly black hair a stark contrast to the white pillowcases. "You're doing it again."

"It?"

Her smile filled the room and his heart. "Being a very good man."

Chapter Sixteen

Sasha leaned against the door frame, watching as Rose lay sleeping in his bed. The sheets rose and fell with her steady breathing. He'd taken his time in the bathroom, rehearsing his lines and then striking them from his brain. She deserved better and there was no way in hell he would go another day without telling her the truth. No matter what it cost him.

Crossing the room, he gently nudged her bare shoulder and whispered, "Rosebud, wake up."

Her forehead wrinkled and her lips puckered, reminding him of Ivy when she was displeased. "I'm sleeping."

The mattress dipped under his weight as he crawled in beside her, gathering her in his arms. She was deliciously warm, her body pliant as she burrowed into him. He pressed a kiss to the top of her head. "It can't wait 'til morning, sweetheart," he said against her curls. "Open those beautiful eyes and look at me."

Black lashes slowly lifted, revealing slumberous blue eyes. At the center he could see his reflection and he swallowed. "I haven't been entirely honest with you."

Slumberous gave way to wary as her body began to tense against his and her hands came between them. "What do you mean?"

"Don't push me away, love," he said, but she moved to a sitting position and hiked the sheets over her br**sts. "It's not what you think-"

"I should've known." She grabbed the cross pendant and looked away.

Sharp runners of pain unfurled in his chest, cutting into his heart. "Will you give me the chance to explain?"

"Sure, why not? At least I don't have an audience this time," she said, her voice flat.

He clenched his fists so tightly that his knuckles cracked. "I'm not breaking up with-"

"We're not in a relationship to begin with, so you don't have to."

Closing his eyes, he counted to fifty. This was going so horribly wrong. No matter what he said, she would take it the wrong way. Not that there was a right way. He exhaled and opened his eyes. "This isn't a one-night-stand. It's...we're more than that." When she didn't respond, he leaned over the side of the bed, dug through his trouser pocket and found his cell phone. Quickly searching through his text messages, he found the one from his uncle and held out his phone. "Look at this."

The slightest shake of her head had what was left of his heart in his throat. "I've changed my mind. I'm not interested in more of your lies."

"Here me out, Rosebud."

"Don't call me that, Alexander," she said sharply.

Swallowing his pride, he tried pleading with her. "Please. One look and then I'll leave. Or stay. Whatever you want."

Turning slowly, her black curls slid over her shoulders and swung against his chest, cool silk against his overheated skin. Lashes lowered, she took the phone from him. After a moment, the tight lines around her mouth relaxed and she met his gaze, her eyes glittering with unshed tears.

"Is that your mom?"

He scooted closer to her, relieved she didn't move away. "Yes."

"So you really weren't joking when you said Ivy took after her."

"My dad's Russian and my mum's Zimbabwean-African. That a problem for you?"

She gave him an odd look. "No."

He hadn't thought it would be for her, but this was the South and some things weren't so easily accepted, even in the twenty-first century. "My mum's parents sent her to London for boarding school. Education was really important to them."

"Is that where she met your dad?"

He nodded. "According to him, it was love at first sight."

"How long were they together?"

"Thirty-five years."

"I can't imagine how difficult it is to be able to be so close to her, but entirely helpless," she said, her voice soft and compassionate.

A silky thigh brushed his and he had to make himself not touch her, to not press her back against the mattress and make love to her again. "What about your mother?"

"She left the night I turned sixteen," she said, her tone so matter of fact that he wanted to take her in his arms. "The next morning, Skye and I came downstairs to an empty house. Summer wasn't around, so..." She shrugged. "I took over everything."

"That must have been tough to do with school."

"I dropped out." She exhaled, her breath shaky. "It was too exhausting trying to work and keep up with my grades. And I was afraid that if I asked for help that Skye would be taken away from me. Later, I studied my tail off and got my GED."

Breaking his own rule, he captured one of her capable hands. Despite the work she did, they were soft and supple. He admired the hell out of her. Not many sixteen year olds would have bothered to try to keep their family together. "That's amazing, Rose. What about university...sorry, college?"

"Not everyone's meant for college," she said, her fingers curling around his. "Besides, I have a business to run."

His admiration for her grew. Such an intelligent, sexy woman he had in his bed right now. "Do you miss your mother?"

"Sometimes," she said. "Mostly when I needed advice on how to take care of a baby. Contrary to popular belief, women aren't born with the knowledge."

Pressing a kiss to her knuckles, he placed her hand back in safer territory. "You're a good provider, love."

"I try to be."

"Is your dad around?" He knew absolutely nothing about the man, not even a name. His uncle's lawyers had informed him that there wasn't a father listed on Rose's birth certificate.

"He's not someone I want in my life."

He wanted to ask her more, but she looked so uncomfortable that he refrained. There was the possibility she had no idea who her father was. "There's no shame in your mother raising the three of you by herself."

"That would be the last thing I'd be ashamed about." She slid away so that her thigh no longer touched his. "Who's that man hovering beside your mom?"

The bane of his existence. "My Uncle Vladimir."

"He looks menacing." She handed the phone back to him and brushed a strand of hair behind one ear. "I'd already made up my mind to believe you about your mom, even before you showed me this."

"That's not why I shared it. I want total honesty with you."

An elegant black brow arched. "I'm listening."

"The first time we met was no accident. I came to your store to talk to one of the Holland women. My uncle sent me here after reading about the legend of the spring."

"The tourist attraction?"

He shot her a knowing look. "That spring is more than just a tourist attraction. People believe in it. It made a cut over my eye better, freshened up my-"

"Herbs," she said, confusing the hell out of him.

"Pardon?"

A small smile flitted over her lips. "Later."

"Anyway, I was able to get samples of it the night you took me there, and had them sent to my uncle's Helsinki labs. He was the one who called while we were, ah, otherwise occupied at the time."

"You mean seducing the most gullible woman in existence and leaving when you'd had enough?"

Had enough? There was no such thing when it came to Rose. He'd never get enough of her. "Not gullible, incredibly sweet. Caring. The brief time we spent together was the absolute best I'd had in a long time."

"Well, I am a Holland, and we aim to please the men around here."

"Dammit, Rose, stop putting yourself down." He banged the back of his head against the headboard.

"Is your uncle a scientist?"

He blinked at her change in subject or rather redirection. Women were entirely baffling and would most likely remain so until he was decrepit. "Do you ever watch the telly?"

She lifted a dainty shoulder. "Unlike some people, I don't have time."

Meaning people like him. People who did nothing but play and use others for personal gain. "He's a very powerful businessman, a bully, actually. Long story short: the samples were no good. The people that work for him know there's another spring. One that feeds the tourist attraction."

Rose's expression barely changed, but her fingers began to rub at her cross. "Why does it matter?"

"An international water bottling company is interested in your land. They want Holland Springs to be the location of their North American headquarters. And they want to put a plant here." Glancing at the picture of his mother and uncle, he clenched his teeth. He'd been told not to play the hero. Hell, he'd never wanted to be the hero. Not until a woman with infrequent smiles and beautiful eyes had entered his life. "If I don't find the source and get samples sent off in time, my uncle will move my mum to a place that's a guaranteed death sentence."

Her eyes widened. "How can he?"

"Vladimir can do any damn thing he wants. He's the executor of my father's estate and makes all of the medical decisions for my mother until I'm thirty. Less than two years away, but it seems like eternity."

Understanding dawned on her face, and he wanted to kiss her. She let go of the cross pendant. "This isn't the first time he's done this, is it?"

So great was his relief that he could barely get out the words, "It's been my life for the past nine years. He started using me when I was nineteen."

"Oh my God," she gasped, "That's why you were in the Johnsons' cucumber field."

"The only reason he had the living hell beat out of me is because he can't actually allow my mother to die. Who'd be his minion then? But she's a little stronger now, more stable." Self-loathing shot through his veins, corroding them with its poison. As always he was trading someone else's life for his mother's.

"Your uncle's flat out evil," she said.

So was he, if only by association. Rose had to know the full extent of his sordid past. "At first, I didn't mind doing things for my uncle," he said, not bothering to spin it and paint himself as a victim. Only women like his mother and Rose were victims of his uncle's schemes. "Well, to be honest... I rather liked it. The attention I received from him. The illusion of control and power. All for starting a rumor or hacking into personal email accounts to dig up dirt. Or finding incriminating pictures-you wouldn't believe what people store on their computers. It was as if I had replaced the son he didn't want with the one who'd do anything for him."

Rose made a little noise. "By loving you with conditions. That's not love. It's manipulation, plain and simple."

She said it with such conviction that he wondered at it, but he had to get everything out. He couldn't stop it. He didn't want to.

"Eventually, I wised up and started saying no. Then Vladimir began playing Russian Roulette with my mother's health. The first time he put her at Childer's, they didn't check on her for days and she got an infection that nearly killed her. Sometimes, I think he's toying with me for his sadistic pleasure. Only when she's too weak for even the people he buys off to move does he take it out on me." He turned the phone over and over in his hand. "I hate him, but I hate myself even more." Face heating and stomach roiling, he looked away. "If you only knew the things I've done, the lives I've ruined-"

"Don't," she said, placing her hand on his chest.

Grabbing her hand, he pressed it tightly against his skin and made himself look at her. "I swear to you...I swear on my father's grave I didn't set out to seduce or use you. I tried to keep my distance, but I-you've, for lack of a better word, bewitched me, and I fell under your spell. Willingly." He gave her the barest hint of a wicked grin before he sobered. "Ivy as well. With the exception of my mother, the two of you are the last people on this planet I want to hurt."

When she said nothing, he let go of her hand and it fell away. Cold air rushed over his chest. He chucked his phone on the nightstand. There was no going back now. Any minute Rose would storm out of here in completely righteous indignation. Perhaps even kick him out before she got to the door. But he deserved it. He deserved every last drop of her vengeance.

Suddenly, Rose threw back the covers and got out of bed. He watched in disbelief as she grabbed a shirt from the wardrobe and hastily put it on. Not until she finished rolling up the sleeves did she look at him and say in an exasperated tone, "Aren't you coming with me?"

"What?" She wasn't kicking him out?

Her spine straightened and she seemed to grow taller as she smiled. "I'm going to help you keep your mom safe."

"How?" he croaked. Jesus, he sounded like a right git.

"I'm going to rescue you and your mom," she said slowly, as if speaking to a small child who was refusing to listen.

"But isn't this the part where you kick me out?"

"No, I-"

"Curse me with impotence?"

One side of her perfect lips lifted at the corner, her gaze sliding over his body and arousing him to madness. Tempting him to jump out of bed, only to get right back in it with her.

"Why should I deprive myself?" she asked in her soft drawl, and the fine hair on the back of his neck rose.

He gulped. "Why are you helping me?"

Laying one hand against her chest, her fingers began to toy with a button. "Because your momma needs it. You need it, too." Her head dipped. When she lifted it, a wealth of emotion filled her eyes. "I know what it's like to have the people who should be looking out for you leave you to fend for yourself. Or worse."

Her words were entirely meaningful and kind. And extremely Rose. But his humiliation couldn't have been more glaring in his mind. "Don't pity me, sweetheart, I chose this life. Never forget that. Never forget that I am a very bad man."

"Who does very nice things to try to make up for it. A very bad man wouldn't bother." She let her arm fall to the side.

"Don't afflict me with qualities I can't possibly survive." He raised his knee and rested his arm on it, looking around the room. The idea of someone helping him was foreign. It was almost too much, but like any other drowning man, he would grab on tight and never let go. "When everything is said and done, I'll have to leave. But I'll come back to...Holland Springs if you want me to." Ask me, he silently commanded. Ask me to stay with you and we'll...He mentally shook his head. They would do nothing, because his mother would never be safe. It would be damned unfair to ask her to wait two years for him. Like a valiant soldier going off to war. As if he'd ever had that noble of a purpose. Hell, his entire life was purposeless.

Until now.

Rose swallowed, her body alternately flashing hot and cold. "I understand, but come back here because you want to, not because you feel like you have to," she said as her heart broke into a thousand pieces and her soul screamed no. She wanted him to stay with her. Forever. However, for them and every Poppy Holland before her, the third time was not going to be the charm. It never was, according to her mother. Not since Marcus Summersby had a man stuck around for a Holland woman.

This time it wasn't because of her reputation or wanting to keep up good town appearances like her deadbeat father. It was all because a vindictive, evil man threatened Sasha's mother. And would keep threatening her until she either died or Sasha turned thirty. There was no way she could leave a helpless woman to that fate, not if it meant Phoebe remaining where she was for a few months longer.

A few months more bearable for the man Rose loved. A man that she'd never tell, because she was afraid it would destroy her. As if to say those words out loud gave them power.

"I do, but-"

"Get some clothes on and I'll grab the baby monitor." She didn't want to hear his reasons for why he couldn't or wouldn't come back.

"No."

She shot him a confused look.

"We don't have to go right this instance." He rose from the bed, all graceful masculine lines as he walked across the room. In a matter of seconds, he was standing in front of her. Slowly and very deliberately, he unbuttoned her shirt as he stared into her eyes.

"Has this ever been something you've done before?" Another button slid out of its constraints and her breath hitched.

He gave her a wicked smile, his knuckles brushing her skin. Goose bumps rose and her ni**les tightened. "I might have undressed a woman a time or two before."

She wanted to laugh, but she just couldn't. "You know what I meant."

His eyes grew serious. "I make it a priority to never get intimately involved." His large hands cupped her shoulders, sliding the rich material over them. He dropped a kiss on the side of her neck, then ran his hands down the curves of her body.

A small hum of pleasure began to vibrate through her formerly sated body. Reaching out, she ran her fingers over his muscular chest, through the light sifting of hair and over his pierced ni**les. Leaning forward, she licked one and smiled against his skin as his body lightly convulsed. She looked up and her heart tripled its beat.

A predator's smile covered his face. "I mean to have you again."

"The spring," she said and nipped his chin.

His hand found the small of her back and pressed her closer, his hard body flush against hers. Her knees dissolved like sugar in hot tea. "Later, Rosebud," he said and claimed her mouth.

Drowsy and content (and much, much later), Rose found herself tangled up with Sasha. His legs entwined with hers, his fingers in her hair as he pressed kiss after kiss to her upturned face. Silly kisses, hot open-mouthed kisses down her throat and soft, sweet kisses pressed to her lips that stole her breath away.

"You're making me wet," she scolded and tucked her nose into his throat.

He laughed, a deep rumbling sound that made his chest vibrate. "A permanent condition when you're around me."

"Hopeless man." She closed her eyes, feeling safer and more secure than she had in years. There was something about lying in bed with him that made her feel cherished and protected. Sasha's personality was larger than life and at times, one she believed could help fight all of her battles.

Blackbeard meowed and jumped on the bed.

"Watch it," Sasha growled.

Rose opened her eyes in time to see her kitty knead his claws into Sasha chest.

Sasha tried to shove the cat off of him. "I'm not a bloody scratching post."

"Maybe he thinks you smell like catnip." She giggled as Blackbeard deigned to flop on his side, flicking his tail so that the tip smacked Sasha in the mouth.

"Beastly little bugger." The cat purred as Sasha stroked him, a rueful smile on his face. "Sell any cat protection charms in your store? Hell, I'd settle for a protection charm of any kind."

The cross at her throat slid to her collarbone, the metal hot against her skin. She had to get it off. She had... Quickly sitting up, she reached for the clasp on the necklace she wore.

Sasha laid a hand on her arm. "I was only teasing, love. Blackbeard can scratch me up as much as he likes."

A brief moment later she held the chain in front of her, the gold cross throwing a shadow across the bed covers. She turned to him, unsure of what to say.

"What are you about?" He sat up, sending Blackbeard to the end of the bed.

Her neck felt strangely light without it. She began to panic, pulse racing as her palms became sweaty. The last time she'd taken it off for him, he'd hurt her. But that was before she knew about what drove him. About the evil that tried to posses him. "Hold still." Before she could change her mind, she fastened it around his neck and looked into his green eyes.

Stunned, Sasha could only stare back.

"There," she said, giving the cross a pat and him a kiss on the jaw before she scooted down and turned on her side to face him. She propped a hand under the side of her head. "This will protect you."

"Thank you." He wished like hell he could give it back; he didn't deserve something so precious to her. "How long should I wear this?"

"It's yours to keep." She traced the outline of the cross with the tip of her finger.

"Are you sure? I've never seen you without it."

She nodded. "The first Poppy Holland gave it to her husband to keep him safe when he had to sail back to the Old World. The one time he took it off, he got sick and died."

He grimaced. Perhaps that was what he should do. Take the damned thing off and wait for death. "Do you have any stories about any Poppy Holland that end happily?"

"No," she said without a moment's hesitation.

"Surprising, that." He gazed up at the ceiling for a moment. "Hold on-you said husband. Holland women are allowed to marry?"

"Who said we weren't?"

Sasha raised his brows.

She pursed her lips. "Maybe it's because no one's been man enough to take the Holland name as his own since Marcus."

"I see," he said, even though he didn't at all. Why the hell did it matter who had what last name?

"There's always been a Poppy Holland in Holland Springs and there always will be. No matter how much she wants things to be different," she said flatly, her body tensing.

"Come here, love," he murmured, drawing her down to him and refusing to let her shut him out. "What's the criteria for being the newest Poppy?"

"Be the first-born daughter." Rose snuggled against him, her bare br**sts pressed against his skin.

"So Summer has to come back-not just for Ivy, but because it's tradition in Holland Springs?" He idly played with the curls in her hair. Curls that not so long ago had draped his thighs as her clever mouth did things that made him groan and fist the bed covers.

"Summer doesn't give a damn about tradition, not that it matters."

"Maybe that will change."

"It won't." She flicked her tongue against one of his nipple rings. "Let's have some wine."

It sounded like a fine idea to him, but he didn't relish the thought of leaving her very delectable body to venture downstairs. She leaned across his body, surprising the hell out him when she came back with two glasses filled with red liquid.

"You can toast."

He twisted his head around, eyes widening when he saw the dusty bottle sitting on the bedside table. "How in the holy hell did that get into my room?"

"Magic," Rose said, her breath hot against his skin as she nibbled a path along his shoulder.

He jerked his head back, his body rising to her silent invitation. Jesus, his neck would be suffering from whiplash tomorrow morning. "Wicked woman," he said with a smile. He didn't give a damn how the bottle of wine or glasses came to be in his room. She bit his nipple and he groaned. "Have mercy." Especially when she did that.

She tipped the glass to his lips and he drank deeply, then she did the same.

"I need you inside of me," she said, her voice low and seductive as the wine worked its way through his body, fueling his desire for her.

Plucking the wine glasses from her hands, he set them to the side and rolled her on her back. Rose parted her legs and her hands drifted down, covering his c**k with a condom.

"Magic," she whispered again in answer to his obviously astonished face.

The necklace pulled tight as their mouths fused and he thrust inside of her, the snug fit nearly his undoing. "Sweet Jesus." He lifted her leg over his arm and thrust again, closing the eyes to the pleasure and her throaty moans.

"Sasha." She pulled him to her, the taste of wine on her tongue intoxicating.

Again and again he moved, deeper and deeper. Out of control as she met each thrust, her fingers digging in his back and shoulders. Acute lust and desire swept through him as her lush body welcomed his. He licked her ni**les, smiling in complete male satisfaction as they hardened.

But it wasn't enough. He sat back on his thighs, taking Rose with him. "Hold on to me."

Finding a rhythm that seemed to please her, he listened as she chanted his name. It sounded like a prayer, a plea. An incantation.

He couldn't speak, could barely think as she wrapped herself around him. Plump hips rocked upon him and his mouth watered. She was so damn soft in all the right places, so sweetly perfect for him that he wanted to devour her. To taste every inch of her creamy skin until it was firmly branded on his tongue. His soul.

Rose tightened around his c**k and cried out.

He cursed, guttural and long as his own orgasm swept over him in erotic waves. Panting, he let his head fall back, reveling in the small kisses she pressed to his throat.

"So sleepy," she whispered.

He couldn't have agreed more, but he was too damn tired to say the words. He stretched out on the bed, keeping himself inside of her and closed his eyes. "I'll clean...in a minute."

Rose's fingertips lightly touched his mouth. "Hush."

Smiling against them, he exhaled and let sleep claim him.

Chapter Seventeen

Sasha woke to a pounding in his head. He rubbed the heel of his hand in his eye, trying to clear the fog from his brain. He'd only had a mouthful of wine last night, but the pounding intensified. Apparently, homebrews were extremely powerful. Jesus. He'd never touch the stuff again.

Grabbing a pillow, he pressed it over his face. "Make it stop."

Rose stirred beside him. "What in the world?"

"Hangover," he said to the pillow. "The pounding won't go away."

"Maybe if I answer the door it would."

He turned his head, looking at her from beneath his pillow. "That some kind of witchy remedy?"

"No, it's what people do when somebody knocks on it." She frowned and threw back the covers.

Now that he thought about it, his head wasn't actually pounding, his eyes didn't feel like someone was stabbing him in them, nor was his mouth all cottony. Actually he felt amazing. He tossed the pillow across the room.

Someone pounded on the door again.

He winced. "That'll wake up Ivy, inconsiderate ass."

"I hope not. I was up with her a couple of hours ago." She waved her hand. "I put the baby monitor over there. So far, so good."

Sasha tugged on her arm. "Get over here and warm me, woman." The doorbell rang and he let go of her. "That had better be someone with a check for millions," he grumbled.

"I'll get it." She rose from the bed, a goddess of the morning with black curls streaming down her back and pale skin revealed with movement. Her perfect br**sts bounced as she grabbed the quilt from the end of the bed and wrapped it around her.

"Not in that you're not." He jumped up from the bed and scooped Rose up, quilt and all.

"Put me down," she laughingly protested.

She felt so right in his arms, so good and as she gazed up at him, her blue eyes radiated happiness. "Never. I quite like sweeping you off your feet," he teased.

The pounding on the door started up again and he rolled his eyes. "I'll get it."

"I'm a grown woman."

He gazed appreciatively at her. "I'm well aware of that."

She blushed and wrapped her arms around his neck. The quilt dipped lower, exposing her cherry-red ni**les to the room and him. "I can also open doors without help."

Lowering her to the bed, he nuzzled the valley between her br**sts. "Let's ignore them, shall we?" He tongued the tip of one, then placed an open mouth over it and began to lightly tug.

"Sasha, please..." She grabbed his head, but he noticed that she didn't stop him. The pounding started up again. "Sasha, it'll wake up the baby."

Kissing her breast one last time, he stood and strode to the window. He shoved it open and yelled, "Who goes there?"

"What are you doing?"

"Circumventing leaving this room while finding out who our would be invader is." When no answer came, he smiled and gestured to the window. "Now aren't you glad we didn't leave?"

"I need to speak with Rose," a voice called from below. "This is Sheriff Turner."

The cross seemed to burn against his skin. Not this. Not now. They were supposed to wait until after he'd sent the samples to his uncle.

Rose bolted upright in bed. "Oh God, something must be wrong with Skye or Summer." She shoved past him and out of the room.

"Fuck my life." Sasha took off after her, then had to turn back around, because he was stark naked. He quickly located a pair of pants and ran down the hall, desperate to reach Rose.

He could barely make out what the sheriff was saying as he drew closer.

"Grace period's run out, Rose..."

The wind picked up as Turner handed her a large manila envelope. "You've got the weekend to vacate the property."

"Foreclosure? B-but Lorelei agreed to an installment plan. I'm supposed to sign the papers and make the first payment today. Aren't there procedures for this? I thought we'd go to court or something."

Son of a bitch. The urge to pick up a rock and hurl it at the Sheriff's mouth to shut him up nearly overwhelmed him. Sasha jogged down the stairs, not missing the death glare from David Turner at his appearance.

"Sorry, honey." Turner shifted his stance. "I volunteered to bring it out to you. Jason Everett tried to talk one of the new boys into letting him ride along, but I persuaded them otherwise."

"What about my store?"

The sheriff's face flushed and his eyes narrowed in on Sasha. "The Powers That Be haven't gotten around to that piece of business, yet."

Rose turned to look at Sasha, black curls whipping around her lovely face. She fisted the quilt tighter in her hand. "Did you know about this?"

"Know about it?" the sheriff said with a harsh laugh. "According to Everett, Romanov gave Harrison and him pointers on how to get you out faster."

"You helped them?" Devastation filled her eyes, crippling him. "I can't believe I fell-" Her mouth snapped shut.

There was nothing Sasha could say to defend himself. It was better this way. Last night had been a mistake of epic proportions. And this morning had almost been a repeat. A brief journey into insanity.

She squared her shoulders and turned back to the sheriff. "I'm glad you were the one to give me the news, David."

"Rose, if you and the little one need a place to stay, Missy and I have an extra room. No charge and no time limit," Turner said. The walkie-talkie secured at his shoulder went off. He leaned his head down and spoke to the dispatcher.

"Tell Missy thank you, but I've got a place."

"Where's that? I heard you've got the apartment over your store rented."

"I'd rather not say." Slowly, she turned and walked away from them. Her hair slid forward as she brushed past Sasha, hiding her face.

Sasha clenched his hands into fists, watching as she shuffled up the stairs.

Once Rose was out of earshot, he stepped in the doorway and scowled at the Sheriff. "Prepositions not your strong point? You weren't supposed to serve Ms. Holland until after the samples were sent off. Not before."

"I didn't have a choice in the matter, you cold-hearted son of a bitch." The sheriff crossed his arms and cocked his head to one side. "Ms. Holland, my ass. If I could arrest you for taking advantage of her, I would."

Sasha looked down his nose and a raindrop hit him on the cheek. "Careful there, Sheriff. Would hate to see you out of a job."

"One day men like you will get exactly what they deserve. And I hope to God I'm around to see it." The sheriff jogged down the stairs and got back in his patrol car.

One day? The man just had a front row seat.

The car disappeared in the curve. It began to rain harder, the tops of pine trees lining the road swaying from side to side.

Sasha closed the door and ran up the stairs, nearly stumbling into Blackbeard.

The beast hissed at him.

"Out of my way, damn cat."

Blackbeard ignored him, taking every opportunity to try to trip him as he jogged up the grand staircase.

The cross pendant felt tight around his neck, like a noose. One he deserved.

When he got to the final landing, he slowed his pace, trying to sort through all the possible things he could say to her. But "whoops, didn't think to mention the bit about helping the town was important" wasn't going to cut it.

The door to Ivy's nursery was ajar and he stepped inside. He paused in the middle of the room, listening to Rose as she sang softly to Ivy. The baby's hands reached for Rose's curls, grabbing them and cooing.

Regret hit him hard in the gut. This was what his life had come to-targeting an innocent woman and baby in order to save his mother. At least Rose had a place to go. That much he could be thankful for. He would be the lowest of gutter scum if he'd made her completely homeless. Not that he was far off.

"Did we wake her?"

The lullaby abruptly stopped.

"Once she goes back to sleep, I'll take you to the spring and you can get your samples," she said quietly as Ivy's lids drooped.

He blinked, unsure if he was hearing her correctly. "You're still going to help me?"

She placed the baby in the crib. "I said I would."

"Rose, I..." he began and tried to grab her arm as she walked by him.

She jerked back. "Don't."

He let his hand fall to his side. The need to apologize was overwhelming, but he couldn't make his mouth and tongue form the words. Finally, he said, "Wait until tomorrow to take me to the springs. After the ball, we'll-"

"No, we'll go now and then you'll get the hell out of my house." She left him standing in the middle of Ivy's room.

***

The door shut behind them and it took a minute for Rose's eyes to adjust to the darkness. She shivered, wishing she'd put on a coat. "You'll need to watch your head."

Automatically, she turned on the flashlight and began to walk down the corridor made of earth and oak timbers that shored up the sides and ceiling. Normally, she made this trek alone. Normally, her heart wasn't broken. Normally...Nothing was ever normal for her.

She could feel Sasha's presence behind her as they walked. The slight scuffle of his shoes echoed in turn with hers.

"Who built this?"

"Need it for your official report?"

"Dammit, Rose. I'm trying to make conversation so I won't go mental in here."

He sounded so sincere that she couldn't help but ask, "Are you afraid of the dark or closed-in spaces?"

"Does it matter?" he snapped.

Irritated, she stopped suddenly. He rammed into her and sent her to her knees, the firmly packed dirt floor unforgiving. "Ow!" The flashlight flew out of her hand and landed on the floor with a thud, shining a long beam of light in the direction they needed to go.

Sasha swore, his hands patting her head and shoulders before he yanked her up and pressed her close.

"Are you okay?" he asked, his voice harsh.

She closed her eyes in the near darkness and breathed in his male scent, wanting to weep at the false sense of comfort his body gave her. At the way his strong arms wrapped around her and made her think that he'd cared for her. But it had all been a lie. He couldn't even tell her the truth without lying to her.

"You lied to me. I bet you weren't ever going to tell me either," she said, the material of his shirt soft against her cheek.

He exhaled, his muscular chest falling. "Rose, I-"

"Let me go," she whispered as she heard his heart begin to sprint.

"I can't."

Her heart began beating furiously. "Why not?"

"Because I was trapped in mangled steel for ten hours and had to be cut out of my parents' car. Confined spaces are not-" his voice cracked slightly and he cleared his throat even as hers thickened in disappointment. "-let's start moving again before I do something quite ridiculous."

As soon as his hands fell away, she stepped back and turned around, striding to the flashlight. She wasn't falling for his routine. No matter how sincerely anxious he sounded. But she stopped and waited for him to catch up anyway.

"Idiot," she muttered. She should have left him to curl up in a ball in the middle of the tunnel. However, being cruel had never been in her nature.

"I hear water," he said and her sweater grew tight against her br**sts. He had to be holding on to it. "Does this mean we're close?"

Unable to stop herself, she reached back and grabbed his hand, squeezing it reassuringly. "Almost there."

"Thank you," he said softly.

Ducking under a particularly low formation of rock, she entered the main room, then turned right and pressed an old-fashioned light switch. Several bulbs connected by a series of cords glowed brightly, chasing away the shadows.

Behind her, Sasha took a deep breath and let go of her sweater. "It's smaller than I expected." He brushed past her, carrying a box the size of a large cosmetics case in his left hand. He skirted the edge of the spring, then turned to her. "How deep is it?"

Rose hit her collar bone with the edge of her hand. "Here, but you have to be careful on the left side. There's a sudden drop-off and you can feel it sucking at your feet like a drain." She joined him and stared at the deceptively calm water. "Whatever gets pulled down shows up at the legendary spring. If I know a couple will be there on a certain day and time, I send flowers to them."

"What about the temperature?"

Shrugging, she said, "Not everything can be explained away."

He grunted. "The herbs?"

"That I can explain." She pointed to an over-sized chest in the corner. "It's a mixture I add three times a week. One that's been passed down from generation to generation. Hollands have been adding herbs to the springs for over two hundred and fifty years. Supposedly, the mixture can cure everything from toothaches to burns. But not broken hearts, and it can't make anyone fall in love. Or tell the truth." Clamping her mouth shut to keep from rambling even more, she turned to face him. He looked resigned. Soon he'd be free. To go wherever he wanted. See whoever he wanted. A little pinch in her heart made her rub the vee-neck of her sweater.

Sasha's perfect lips parted, and the hand at his side clenched into a fist as he took a step closer to her. All that separated them was the box he held in his other hand. "I never meant to hurt you."

But he had anyway. Over and over. She stepped back and ignored his quasi-apology. "Ready to get this over with?" she managed to ask with a completely straight face.

"Absolutely." The smooth line of his jaw clenched and he knelt on the floor, setting the box down and opening it. He pulled out four empty vials and scooped up some water. "I'll need some time to find out what I can add to this that will seem like a natural impurity."

"Why bother?"

"I don't want him to win."

She didn't need to ask who "him" was. Shifting her stance, she clicked the flashlight's on/off button a couple of times as he capped each one off. "Was I payback? A big you-can't-tell me-what-to-do experiment?"

"No." He didn't elaborate and she refused to ask him anything else. After storing the vials and closing the box, he stood and held out his hand. "Shall we?"

Rose swallowed, remembering his hands on her body last night, this morning. His fingers teasing and making her cry out in pleasure. His palms gliding over her back and pulling her closer. Holding her, making her feel safe and wanted.

That was all it had been-a feeling. Fleeting and bruising her poor heart more than she'd ever imagined.

Sighing, she took his hand and they began the dark trek back to the house.

Chapter Eighteen

Sasha stood at the front door, wishing Rose would give him a proper send off. Hell, he didn't care if it involved a knife or a rock. The need to see her alone ate at him, but Skye had shown up fifteen minutes after they'd emerged from the tunnel. He knew without a doubt that he wouldn't get another chance.

And as if God was in a really good mood, or out to let the Devil torture him, Rose appeared at the top of the grand staircase and his heart turned over.

"Leave your house key on the table, and I'll get the remainder of your rent back to you on Monday," she said, staring right through him it seemed.

"Keep it."

An elegant brow arched. "For services rendered?"

His jaw nearly dropped to the floor. "Quit thinking of yourself like that. You're not Poppy Holland for Christ's sake. You have a choice and-" She whirled away from him and disappeared down the hall. "Rose, come back." He strode to the stairs and put one foot on the bottom step, poised to chase after her. But self-preservation, male ego or whatever he wanted to call it stopped him from making a complete arse of himself.

Blackbeard meowed as he crept into the foyer and threaded through Sasha's legs.

"This is goodbye, you mangy cur." Sasha knelt and stroked the feline's back, making the cat purr. "Can't say I've enjoyed sharing a bed with you."

Straightening, Sasha gave a last hard look up the stairs, turned on his heel and walked out of the house. He got in his car, not really paying attention to his destination. Before he knew it, he was putting the Mercedes in park at his cousin's house.

The cheery home with its white picket fence and carefully tended flowerbeds were the exact opposite of Strawberry Grove. No shutters threatened to fall on his head. The porch steps didn't creak as he jogged up them and when the door swung open, there was a person responsible for it. It was utter rubbish that he wished to be back there.

"Sasha," Christian said with a scowl.

"Why are you never happy to see me? After all I've done-the late nights, the research, encouraging global debauchery." Sasha frowned at his cousin's choice of graphic T-shirt and dark jeans. "Is she dressing you now?"

"She's asleep, and I'll thank you not to wake her." Christian crossed muscular arms over his chest and adjusted his stance to block Sasha from entering.

Sasha raised a brow and looked down his nose at him, no easy feat considering they were about the same height. "I'm not welcome?"

"No."

Inwardly Sasha cringed. He'd hoped by the time Christian and his wife had returned from their honeymoon, that he'd be forgiven. Apparently, he'd hoped for too much. "Care to elaborate?"

"Not really."

Sasha rolled his eyes and fiddled with his keys. "Not good with the big words, eh?"

Uncrossing his arms, Christian leaned back and closed the door behind him. "As much as you're like a brother to me, I can't have you in my life anymore. You don't work for me. Hell, I don't need a personal assistant anymore because of all the things you did for me."

"You're welcome."

"For what?"

"Saving your ass." There had been a time in Christian's life when he'd not made the best of choices. Sasha had been at the right place at the right time and had gotten his cousin out of a very bad situation. But years later, thanks to the internet's love of all things viral, it had come back to bite Christian, costing him his career and nearly making him give up the one thing he loved the most.

Christian blinked and rubbed his jaw. "That you did, but I'll not have you spying for Vladimir. He can speculate on my personal life like everyone else-by Googling me."

"I'm not here to spy on you." But he was and the look on Christian's face damned him for a liar.

"Then what are you here for-murder, mayhem or a general f**k all someone's life for the greater evil?"

"Will there be a quiz on this later?" Sasha drawled. He hadn't committed murder, but the other two he'd been acquainted with for years. Though what he'd done to Rose should have him sentenced to life imprisonment.

Christian raked a hand through his hair. "For once in your life, Alexander, be serious."

"Do you think I like this sorry excuse of existence I call my life? I have to be what I am. Unlike you, I have no choice. There's no telling Vladimir to shove off while I ride into the sunset with the woman I love. I'm not f**king allowed. So take your serious comment and bugger it." Sasha clenched his fists, wanting to punch something or someone. Himself, mostly.

"Who is she?" Christian asked, his light eyes probing.

A woman with beautiful blue eyes and a caring soul. A woman whose rare smiles made him feel victorious when she gifted him with one. A woman who made his heart sprint by only thinking of her. A woman he helped destroy. His shoulders threatened to sag. "There is no she."

"Liar." A slight smile played on his cousin's face.

"Coming to my party?" Sasha asked, steering the conversation back into the safe zone.

"Wouldn't miss it." This time Christian's lips broke out in a full smile. "Still trying to figure out the angle you're working."

"No worries, mate. My angle's all worked out. The benefit is exactly what it seems to be and I'll be leaving next Wednesday." But not before he found a way to help Rose, whether she wanted it or not.

***

Rose unloaded the last empty box from the back of her Jeep and took it in the house. The task of sorting what was precious to her was overwhelming. How was she supposed to decide what should go and what should stay? She had three days to pack and only Skye to help.

"At least we have the apartment over the store," Skye took the box from Rose. "You can stay there until everything gets sorted out."

"No, it's been rented out. Can Ivy and I come stay with you? I checked on the cottage, but it's in bad shape and I won't get any money from Barbara's Bugs until they receive their first shipment. I mailed it out when I went to town to get these boxes from storage." Rose glanced at Ivy. The baby played on a large quilt in the middle of the foyer, the stuffed rabbit clutched in her hand with Blackbeard close by.

Skye's face fell. "God, I wish y'all could, but I have four roommates and I can't kick them out. The lease is in Bailey's name."

"Four? But it's only a two bedroom."

"Bailey's boyfriend and his roommate moved in two days ago." Skye scrunched her nose in displeasure. "They're such pervs. I constantly feel the need to wear at least four layers of clothes when they're around."

Well, sleeping at Skye's place was out. Maybe she would take up David and Missy's offer after all. "Never mind. I can get a hotel room."

Skye set the box down on the second step and took Rose's hand, squeezing it. "I know it doesn't seem like this is a good thing, but maybe it is. Out of all of us, you felt the most tied to Strawberry Grove. Maybe this is your chance to be your own person. Go do whatever you want."

Hope dared to spread its wings inside of her, but she caged it in. "I have Ivy to think about."

Skye smiled sadly. "Not forever."

Rose sucked in a breath, knowing it was true but the words hurt all the same. "How are things with you and Tristan?"

"There is no me and Tristan." Skye pursed her lips. "Never was. We were...friends. Since he can't go tonight, I'll babysit Ivy for you instead of Gabriel's momma."

"At the apartment with four roommates?" Rose asked in disbelief and a hint of horror that overshadowed her concern for her sister's love life.

"No, I'm staying over at Jemma Leigh's, but she won't mind. She's paying me to cleanse her aura and feng shui her house," her sister said with a rueful smile. "I don't have the heart to tell her I'm not that kind of-"

"Witch?" Rose wiggled her brows.

Skye giggled and let go of Rose's hand. "Healer." Her sister's face grew serious. "I've been meaning to tell you, but yesterday I got an email saying that I've been taken off the waiting list for their midwifery program and awarded a scholarship to Colorado U."

Rose sat down on the bottom step, trying to think of something encouraging to say. "But it's so far away."

"I know, but it's something I've been wanting to do for a long time." Skye sat down beside her. "I tutored some football players on the side, did some mommy's morning outs and a bunch of other odd jobs. I tucked away enough money for a one-way plane ticket with enough left over to get me started."

Guilt sprouted inside of Rose. She'd always thought Skye had it so easy living in Greenville, able to come and go as she pleased. Able to sleep in or go out with her friends. God, how wrong she'd been, and now she'd run out of time to change things. "When do you leave?"

"Monday."

Rose blinked and sucked in a breath. "That soon?"

"I need to line up a job, find a place to live, and get my bearings." Skye linked her hands with Rose's. "Don't worry, I'll visit over Skype and email you every day. I bet we'll talk as much as we do now."

Another pang of guilt hit Rose, and her heart pounded hard in her chest. "How long is the program or whatever you call it?"

"Two years." Skye laughed at the look on her face. "It's not forever."

"Tell that to Blackbeard. He'll be a thousand years old by the time you come back," Rose said as the cat licked its paw.

Skye picked at the lint on her sweater, her freckled cheeks pinkening. "I'm not sure I want to come back."

In her heart Rose had known this day would come. Skye had always wanted to travel and loved meeting new people. She loved talking to them, listening to their every ache and pain while searching her mental file cabinet for ways to help them.

"Whatever you decide, I'll support you." And miss her every day, because Rose knew that after this weekend Skye wouldn't be back for a very long time, if ever.

"Did you love him? Alexander, I mean."

Rose opened and closed her mouth a couple times before settling on saying, "I gave him my necklace."

"Oh." Surprise showed in her sister's hazel eyes before they dropped to Rose's neck.

"I don't know what got into me. I only knew it belonged to him."

"Did you ever feel that way with Jason?"

Shaking her head, Rose grabbed the nearest box and stood. "Never." She marched up the stairs, aware of her sister watching her the entire way.

Chapter Nineteen

Rose had never been one to run away from what life threw at her, but tonight-as soon as she walked into her father's house-she'd been ready to bewitch the nearest broom and fly away.

Any minute now, someone would slide right up to her with their most charming smile and ask her to leave. Any minute now, her mask would be ripped away and the entire town would laugh at her, knowing she'd been played for a fool.

Again.

Oh, why hadn't she stayed at home with Ivy?

A helpless noise escaped her lips and she clutched Gabriel's arm tighter. He patted her hand reassuringly and shifted his stance so that she could lean on him for support. She almost wished that his touch did something, anything for her. A slight tingle, a rise of goose bumps...something. But of course, it didn't happen. Never had and never would. He wasn't the man for her.

The sound of music rushed over her, grabbing her attention.

She had no desire to join the crush of bodies, and Gabriel, ever the gentleman, didn't pressure her to do so. Instead she absorbed the party, her joints becoming stiffer as the fear of discovery permeated her bones. People-the famous and notorious-laughed as they mingled with locals, made jokes and toasted each other with champagne.

The entire ballroom was macabre, decorated like a Regency period horror movie set. Fabric swaths of black and silver extended from the enormous chandelier in the middle to the edges of the ballroom. Dark corners flickered with ghostly apparitions. Paintings hung around the room changed from proper lords and ladies to rotting corpses. Zombie servers wove in and out of groups, carefully balancing trays of champagne and hors d'oeuvres on the tips of their sickly gray fingers.

"Is that who I think it is?" Gabriel's brows shot up as a notorious politician and socialite ducked behind a cluster of potted plants.

She had the absurd notion to giggle. "Yes and over there, standing under the portrait of a rotting lady in purple, is-"

"The guy who played James Bond last year."

"And over there..." Her line of vision collided with a familiar face.

Heath Ambrose, hometown star and major league baseball player, winked at her. He stood beside his brother, Luke, at the buffet table. Or maybe it was Logan. She couldn't tell the twins apart from the back. Neither wore a costume. Instead they opted for black tuxes and half masks. Heath held his mask as he leaned back to check out a Marie Antoinette with mocha-colored skin and a flirtatious smile.

She thought she heard Gabriel growl and her eyes flew to his face. "What's wrong?"

Gabriel nodded in Heath's direction. "He's been after Bella for years."

"And?"

"She's too good for him." His indigo eyes grew hard. "Don't tell me they belong together, because it's not happening."

"My lips are sealed," she said with a little smile.

"That doesn't make me feel any better."

"You didn't ask me to," she reminded him.

Gabriel grunted, but she couldn't blame him. He didn't want his sister to get hurt or disappointed by a man not ready for a serious relationship. Too bad she didn't have a big brother looking out for her. Then maybe she'd be...She'd be exactly as she was-alone.

"Heath's actually a nice guy," she said, earning a look of disbelief from Gabriel. "He would walk me to class in school and protect me from the ones who weren't so nice."

Unconvinced, Gabriel shook his head. "If he's so great, then why didn't the two of you ever date?"

She grinned. "Well, he did give me my first kiss, but do you really have to ask me that question?"

"You and Romanov done?" The question wasn't meant to be prying. In fact, she knew Gabriel was concerned about her.

"We never started." She searched the ballroom again, not wanting to be caught unaware. Sasha was here, lurking in the background. Or shadows like a very bad man.

Gabriel's muscles tensed beneath her fingers as his ex and her husband appeared in the foyer. The couple didn't notice them as they waved at obviously familiar faces and melted into the crowd.

"You weren't meant to be together."

"But we tried to be anyway."

"Summer told you," Rose said and then paused as a ripple of awareness shot through her. She began again, "She told you not to go looking for the spring."

"Your sister says a lot of things. None of which are ever good ideas," Gabriel muttered.

Turning to him, Rose said, "You don't have to stay. I can do this on my own." Hadn't she always?

Gabriel gave her a tight smile. "I appreciate it, but I keep my word."

"Not at the expense of you being uncomfortable. Although I could tell you who you should be dancing with tonight," she teased, then the image of a woman kissing Gabriel came to mind, shocking Rose with its clarity.

Gabriel held up his hands. "I don't want to know who I'm supposed to marry."

"I thought you didn't believe in my 'powers'." She blinked the image away. That woman wasn't here tonight. She wouldn't be caught dead in this place.

A dimple appeared in his cheek. "I don't-especially on Halloween."

Rose laughed quietly as they walked further into the ballroom. Despite her mask being firmly in place and only a handful of people knowing she was here, tension crept into her spine as the party-goers flickered their eyes over her. But no one said a word or even stopped to point at her.

"Looks like Romanov got a really good turnout. Wonder if he'd agree to hosting one of these for the Center? We could really use the money." Gabriel stopped a waiter passing by with a tray of champagne and grabbed two glasses, handing one to her. "Thanks for being so understanding about Miguel."

She backed against up against the wall and Gabriel followed her, his costume making her smile. There were holes in his clothes and small bread rolls were glued to them. As soon as he explained that he was a "holy roller" she'd burst out laughing. It had helped relieve the rapidly multiplying butterflies in her stomach. Unfortunately, pop rocks had taken their place, pinging around her insides and burning.

"It's not your fault he ran away."

Gabriel shrugged. "There's always room for my improvement."

"Changing what people think of you is hard. Sometimes, it's impossible." She flinched as Jason Everett sauntered by with a pretty date wearing butterfly wings and purple hair.

"Sometimes there's nothing to change about yourself." Gabriel handed her a glass. "Although, you could change the company you keep."

Did everyone know she'd been played for a fool by Sasha? Or had Jason been running his mouth again. "You mean Alexander?"

"Speak of the devil," Gabriel murmured and Rose followed his line of vision.

Sasha stood at the top of the staircase, surveying the ballroom like he owned the place. Dressed in all black, his golden hair a sharp contrast to the severity of his costume, he looked like a man bent on debauchery. The woman inside of her wanted to join him, but she quickly reminded her of exactly what type of man Sasha was. Of course that woman didn't care.

She frowned.

His sexy green eyes widened and then narrowed as they raked over her, seemingly undressing her. Never had she felt more exposed while wearing so many layers of clothing. The burgundy dress had belonged to the third Poppy Holland, preserved in a trunk rarely opened, while her lingerie had been given to her in trade by a customer. A woman that designed retro corsets, garters and stockings to sell on the internet. Steampunk fashion, she had called it.

Out of habit, her hand moved to her throat.

A wicked smile covered Sasha's face as he copied her and pulled out the pendant. He held it to his lips and blood rushed to her cheeks. How dare he rub it in her face? Taking a step forward, she bumped into Gabriel.

"Sorry," she muttered, wishing she had the courage to run over to Sasha and rip the thing off of his neck. However, causing a scene was the worst thing she could do. It was better to remain under the radar for the next couple of hours, until she could escape this hell and go pack.

Sasha placed a black mask over the top half of his face, disappearing with her next blink. Astonishment replaced indignation as she craned her head to get another glimpse of him.

"Are you hungry?" Gabriel asked.

"I should eat if I'm drinking." She'd been too darn nervous to manage more than crackers and cheese before she'd gotten dressed. Luckily, Skye had stuck around to lace her into the gown.

Rose sipped at the champagne, bubbles tickling her nose as she swayed to the song the band was playing in the background.

"Hullo, love," Sasha whispered in her ear.

She quickly turned, ready to demand her necklace back, but the only person she found standing beside her was a man wearing a cardboard nightstand with the number one painted on it.

He wriggled his silver eyebrows at her and blew a kiss.

"Dammit," she breathed.

Sasha appeared again, this time by the refreshment table. He struck up a conversation with a bull and a peacock.

Forget about making a scene, she wanted her necklace. "You will give it back," Rose muttered and almost tripped over her dress as she started in Sasha's direction.

A hand shot out, grabbing her by the elbow. "What's your hurry, sugar?"

Harrison's gray eyes narrowed as she jerked out of his grasp. "Should you be seen talking with me?" She motioned to Harrison's wife.

Lorelei Collins held court in the middle of the ballroom, dressed as Elizabeth the First. She preened as men half her age flirted with her.

"The Queen is currently occupied with her admirers. I suspect she'll be choosing one tonight." Harrison's mouth flattened. "Or two."

Rose wanted to point out that he'd cheated on his wife with Azalea, but knew it wouldn't do any good. "Don't worry, I'm leaving as soon as possible."

Harrison shook his head. "Sorry, sugar, change of plans."

"I'll make a scene," she threatened, clenching her fist.

"No you won't." Her father tapped her nose and she flinched. "You'd rather cut off your hand than have everyone stare at you."

He was right and she was miserable with the knowledge. "How long do I have to stay?"

Lifting his drink, he studied her over the rim. "Until the party's over."

"And if I don't?"

"Your loan comes due. All of it."

There were so many words that sprang to mind, so many retorts, but Carolina Dreams was all she had left. And she was determined to keep it open and make it prosperous. The contract with Barbara's Bugs would have paid off her back taxes, but now she'd be able to pay back his loan with puppet strings.

"Don't keep this beautiful lady all to yourself, Harrison." Jason cast a wolfish smile as he came to stand beside them, his pack of friends flanking his shoulders.

Her insides crashed together and her knees threatened to give out, but she kept a calm facade behind her mask, flickering her eyes over Jason, then away. Most of the time, she found a way to avoid him and the guys he hung out with.

"My date's waiting for me," she said, but Harrison gave a slight shake of his head. Trapped, Rose hid her clenched fists in the folds of her skirt.

Jason winked at her. "They're playing our song, Rose."

Lifting her chin, she said, "We don't have one."

"But we could."

"You two kids have fun." Harrison practically threw her at Jason.

Not in this lifetime, she wanted to shout. Reluctantly, she let Jason take her by the arm, moving her to the dance floor. Her skin crawled where he touched her. Out of the corner of her eye, she saw Gabriel head in their direction, concern plainly written on his face.

Standing on her toes, she mouthed, "I'm fine."

Gabriel crossed his arms and waited at the edge of the dance floor.

"Smile." Jason's hand moved to the curve of her hip and she wanted to vomit.

"No."

"I'll rip off your mask if you don't," he said pleasantly.

"And risk your sterling reputation? We both know that's not going to happen." She focused on a point over his shoulder, staring at the image of a redheaded woman in amethyst slowly decaying until it blurred.

"Maybe I like taking risks."

She jerked her gaze back to his, his sky blue eyes bright. Deceiving. Those-along with his smile-made people trust him, made them think he was sincere. Heck, it had made her believe Jason had been different from the rest. "Not interested."

"Do you remember our last night together?"

When he collected money on a bet, after breaking up with her in a crowded restaurant? She scowled at him behind her mask.

He chuckled, "Not then. The night before, when I took you to The Pointe."

She remained silent. Dancing with him was one thing, but engaging in painful conversation was quite another.

He bent his dark head, his breath hot against her ear. "I bent you over the hood of my car, and-"

Rose focused on the portrait again, humming in her mind to drown out his words. It was supposed to have been a romantic evening with music, dancing under the moonlight and a picnic dinner by the sound. Instead all he'd brought was a box of wine, subs from one of those chain restaurants, and played a random mix of rap, metal and bluegrass.

Afterwards it had been a repeat of every date: she and Jason having sex. Not making love. Not connecting. And she'd been too lonely, too inexperienced with men-with any man at all-to have realized it until it was too late.

"Remember?" he repeated, grinding his pelvis against her.

She clenched her teeth and silently thanked God for her heavy skirts. "No."

He continued on as if he hadn't heard, which in his case was entirely possible. She'd never been around a man more in love with the sound of his voice. "Now you've had the opportunity to gain some experience-" He nuzzled the side of her neck and she jerked her head back. "-give me, I mean, us another chance."

Another chance to embarrass her? Another chance to tell her that if she would just let herself go during sex it would be better for them both? Not that he hadn't made it pleasurable. He'd just acted like it was her fault she didn't orgasm as soon as he wanted her to, and her amazingly naive self had tried harder to please him.

Rose hated this self-berating. The constant self-doubt and mental abuse she heaped on the woman inside of her. But she was entirely grateful that something had kept her from telling him just how inexperienced she was. Heck, he would have probably taken out a front page ad in The Gazette. However, he'd barely noticed, only taking her discomfort to mean that he was extremely well-endowed. Self-centered ass**le.

Her cheeks heated, and the large chandelier began to sway in the middle of the room as he turned her in time to the music.

"No," she said, her voice only a whisper.

"Let me make it up to you."

Rose stared at Jason. The only way he could make it up to her would be to start practicing law in Antarctica. She cleared her throat. "No."

Jason's eyes narrowed through the slits in his gray mask. He wore all shades of gray, some venturing into white, like he was the good guy. "Spreading your legs for Romanov makes you too good for me?"

"Yes." No matter how much Sasha had hurt her, she wouldn't let Jason get the last word or make her feel bad.

"Yes. No." He squeezed her shoulder and she winced. "Are those the only two words you know?"

He'd always hated how quiet she was. According to him, it didn't let him get to know the real her. More like it didn't help him find her weaknesses as fast. She clamped her lips together, knowing she was irritating him even more by not speaking.

"Oh, I forgot, big words weren't a requirement to get your G.E.D."

Fury bubbled at his mocking words, and something wicked sprang to life inside of her. "You have the smallest penis I've ever seen," she heard herself say.

The words seemed to echo around the room just as the band played the last chord. A few people gasped while others laughed. She let a small smile dance on her lips, not caring if any of the locals guessed her identity.

"Is that Rose Holland?"

"Well, if anyone should know about penis size, it's a Holland."

"Take it back," he ordered.

"No."

The purple-haired butterfly tapped Jason on the shoulder. "I won't be available tomorrow night. Sorry."

"Fuck you." He stalked off, leaving Rose in the middle of the dance floor.

She wanted to give a little cheer as she carefully navigated her way through the astonished crowd, finding the nearest unoccupied corner and sinking gratefully into a convenient bench shrouded in black. She looked for Gabriel, but he was nowhere to be found.

"Do you think if I disembowel Everett and hang him by his entrails, everyone'll think it's a part of tonight's celebration?"

She turned to face the owner of the seductive voice and her heart beat in a choppy pattern. The plain black mask did little to diminish his looks; it only enhanced the way his hair glittered in the light and the mesmerizing green of his eyes.

"You heard?" Of course he heard. The entire ballroom heard what she said.

"I should've snatched you away, but I didn't want to cause a scene." A glimmer of humor and admiration entered his eyes. "Got a bit of the devil in you tonight, eh?"

"Why would you want to snatch me away?" she said, nervously licking her lips.

"Because I'm jealous as hell." He rubbed the back of his neck, the gold chain around it gleamed and for some reason she couldn't ask for it back. "I'm jealous of every smile, every laugh...every touch. I'm jealous of every man who's not me."

"But you said that you didn't care if I'd had a hundred lovers."

"I was mistaken."

She pursed her lips and stood. "Meaning you lied to me. Again."

"Meaning I was trying to get a point across." He shoved his hands into his pockets. "Dammit, woman, you drive me insane."

"By expecting the truth from you?"

"By expecting the best of me." Taking his hands out of his pockets, he tenderly cupped her face. "I'll always fall short."

She turned her head and his hands fell away. "Let me be the judge of that."

"I don't want to fight."

Sasha was the opposite of Jason, the perceived hero. Jason was a great lawyer, a public defender. While Sasha was a man dressed in all black, a villain trying desperately not to be the hero while doing his uncle's bidding. A villain desperate to keep his mother safe. Something she'd neglected to remember when his betrayal had cut her heart into tiny pieces until nothing remained.

"What do you want, Sasha?" she asked quietly.

He took one of her hands and bowed over it. "May I have this dance?"

"But there's no..." Her words died away as the band began again, playing one of those silly little love songs. Her favorite. "How did you know?"

"I texted Skye a few days ago to ask." A rueful smile tilted his lips at the corners. "I wanted to make it special for you, even if you weren't my date."

The ice that had recently formed around the hollow where her heart had been began to melt as Sasha waited patiently for her to make up her mind. Unable to help herself, and because she wanted the memory of Jason's hands on her to be wiped away, she moved closer. Laying her head on his chest, she pretended that this morning never happened. That they were still a team, working together to save her land and his mother.

"Rosebud, please listen. You don't have to say a word-mostly because I don't want you shouting out the size of my manly parts," he said, and she bit her lip to keep from laughing. From crying. "But I'm sorry. I did help with the back taxes scheme. One of my uncle's attorneys looked over every piece of information about you and your family. She was the one who found the discrepancy. Honestly, I thought it wouldn't come to this. That, with my plan, Nahalah Industries would withdraw funding and everyone would leave you alone. Including me.

"I'm not asking you to give me another chance, because I know I don't deserve it. But you deserve the truth. All of it," he added softly.

Another chunk of ice melted. "Thank you."

"I'll be leaving next week."

She missed a step and stumbled, only his strong arms kept her from falling. "But I thought you were staying for six months and you were going to help people. Oh, more lies."

"That's everything, sweetheart."

Struggling for breath, she placed her palm against his chest. It shouldn't hurt so much he was leaving. She should be glad that someone so manipulative would be out of her life. But she wasn't. A fist grabbed her lungs and squeezed them tight. "I can't do this."

"Let's go out on the balcony," he murmured and escorted her outside.

Once there he let go of her and she collapsed in the nearest seat, her hands covering her mask. She wrenched it off and threw it over the railing.

"You're unmasking a tad early, but when in Rome..." His mask followed hers.

"Stop making jokes."

"Rose, I-"

"I leave my baby with you and you're out partying?"

Chapter Twenty

Rose stood so quickly that she stepped on Sasha's foot and he grunted. "Sorry." Her gaze never left her sister's face. "Summer?"

"We'll talk later, Rosebud," Sasha said, pressing a kiss to her cheek.

"Okay," was all she was able to manage.

Her sister's brown eyes narrowed as he passed by, then she smiled. "Miss me?" Not waiting for an answer, Summer turned and sauntered into the ballroom.

Unable to believe her eyes or ears, Rose followed. Her sister was here. Oh God. Ivy.

Summer tossed her hair over her shoulder, casting a seductive smile at the closest male. "I'm back in town," she called out, "Hold on to your men, ladies."

"Will you stop?" Rose glanced around the room. Formerly smiling faces were frowning, lips whispered and fingers pointed.

"I'll stop when I'm good and ready. And we all know I'll never be good, but I'm always ready. Ain't that right, Robert?" Summer blew a kiss to the former mayor of Holland Springs.

Rose grabbed her sister by the arm, trying to pull her into a private corner. "What's wrong with you?"

"Not a damn thing." Summer shook out of her grasp.

Rose looked over her sister's shoulder and found what looked to be an empty hallway. "Come with me."

"You always were a bossy thing." Summer snagged a glass of champagne and sashayed across the room, garnering male attention that Rose had no desire to bask in. She'd already done enough tonight.

Rose ran to the first door, jiggling the knob without success. "It's locked."

"Move, little sister." Summer bumped her with her hip. She placed the glass of champagne on the floor and began to work at the lock. A few seconds and a small click later, Summer stood, turning the knob with a flourish. Picking up her glass, she entered first.

The lights fairly blazed in the room, one filled with floor to ceiling shelves of books. Closing the door behind her, Rose leaned against it and took as deep of a breath as her costume would allow.

"Aren't you happy to see me?" Summer drained the glass and threw it at the fireplace. Glass shattered as flames leapt into the air, dancing happily.

"Of course I am." Rose wrapped her arms around her sister, surprised at how frail Summer felt. "You need to take better care of yourself. A strong wind could blow you away."

Quick as lightening, Summer stepped back and crossed her arms over her mostly bare chest. The black dress she'd poured herself into clung to every curve of her willowy body. "I've come to get Ivy. Where is she? No one was at Strawberry Grove but Blackbeard. And he wasn't telling."

"Right this minute?"

"Why does it matter?"

Because Rose loved Ivy as her own. "Skye's taking care of her at Jemma Leigh's house."

"Give me the address and I'll go now."

"No." Summer gave her a funny look and Rose quickly added, "It's after nine and she's asleep. Better to wait until morning."

"I'm leaving tonight. I have an apartment in Wilmington."

"You're taking Ivy away from here?" Rose blindly reached behind her and grabbed hold of the door knob, her palms damp and her heart in her throat.

"Of course I am. Did you really think I'd let my daughter grow up in Holland Springs?"

Rose opened and shut her mouth a couple of times before speaking. "I'd hoped we'd all be a family." First Skye, now Ivy and Summer. Sasha. Her knees almost gave out, but she firmed them. Despite this her legs began to shake.

Summer glanced around the room, seemingly taking stock of it. "This is pretty." She ran a finger over an ornate vase and pushed it over. Rose jumped as it crashed, hitting the rug and not breaking into a thousand pieces, thank God.

"Are you trying to get us thrown out?" Rose snatched up the vase and placed it carefully back in its spot on the bookshelf.

"I bet Lorelei isn't happy you're here."

"Contrary to popular belief, I don't visit Harrison to screw him in his office."

Her sister laughed and flames shot higher in the fireplace. "Harrison Collins is capable of many things, but incest isn't one of them."

Rose's mouth dropped open. "Who told you?"

"I figured it out on my own." Summer sat down on the leather sofa, sifted her fingers through a tasseled throw and looked over her shoulder. "Well, not entirely on my own."

She followed her sister's line of vision and she sagged against the desk. "Is that-"

"Your great-great grand-something or another."

"How...when?"

"Crashed one of their yearly balls. They put me in this room as punishment until the sheriff came," Summer said. "There's a safe in the second bookcase, third down, fifth book from the left. It's full of money and jewelry. Or was."

Rose couldn't take her eyes of the enormous portrait. The woman was dressed in pale pink, her black hair piled fashionably on top of her head. Laughing, vibrant blue eyes dominated her very pretty face as a demure smile titled her lips at the corners. At the bottom was a gold placard with the engraving Rosalyn Collins, 1822.

Was that where her mother had gotten her name? Not from her birthmark like she'd thought.

"Don't worry, Rose, everything will work out for the best. The devil will finally get his due."

The door opened, preventing Rose from asking her sister exactly what she meant by that.

"So this is where you've been hiding from everyone," Gabriel said, his dark eyes flashing.

"Only you, angel." Summer smirked.

"Can you take Summer home for me?" Rose asked him. "I'll get another ride home."

Summer's lip curled. "He's your date?"

"Better than any other man in town." Except for one, her heart reminded her.

"So you say." Summer twisted her lips and raked her eyes over him. "Some would find him...lacking in certain departments."

Rose gave Gabriel an apologetic smile. "Sorry, she's not herself right now."

"Oh, I am completely myself." Summer stood, her hips swaying with purpose as she approached Gabriel. She ran a hand over one of his broad shoulders and his face flushed. "Still wearing that chastity belt, preacher boy?"

"Why are you so concerned about my private life?" The lines of his body were stiff, tense.

Rose couldn't help but feel as if this was a renewed conversation.

Blonde hair slid over Summer's slender shoulders like a waterfall over dangerous rocks and his indigo eyes tracked every movement. "Don't you mean lack of one?"

"I'm not in the mood for this, Summer," he warned, but her sister stepped closer and her smile became hypnotic.

The fire blazed higher and a bead of sweat trickled between Rose's br**sts.

Summer stood on the balls of her feet, her lips almost touching Gabriel's. "I can get you in the mood, angel."

"Be quiet," Rose cried, wanting to knock them both over the head. She grabbed Gabriel's arm and pulled him away. "Can you take Summer home or not?"

***

Harrison Collins had taken it upon himself to give Sasha the grand tour.

Curious as to the house's history, Sasha had agreed. Only he'd found a painting, small and definitely not fit for public consumption, in the billiards room of the mansion. A very blond ancestor of Rose Holland reclining upon a fainting couch wearing little more than a scrap of fabric and a birthmark on her inner thigh-in the familiar shape of a rose bud.

"Every Poppy Holland bears that mark," Harrison said, the end of his cigar bright red. "It's to warn the men away. Women like her aren't fit for good society."

"Is this little speech to warn me away?"

Harrison clapped him on the back. "Why would I need to do that?"

"All my parts are in proper working order and I'm male. Two requirements for seduction of or by Poppy Holland."

"Thought you liked men." Harrison clamped the cigar between his teeth.

If the banker thought to insult him, he had another thing coming. "Are you flirting with me, Harrison? I'm flattered, but unfortunately my affections are engaged elsewhere."

Harrison's eyes grew so wide that Sasha could only see the whites. "God, no."

Sasha stepped forward, inches from Harrison's face. "What a shame." He smoothed the front of Harrison's jacket. "I've always had a thing for men like you: powerful, horrid dresser..."

"Tour's over," Harrison snapped.

"But I wasn't finished." Before Sasha could spook him further, Harrison sprinted from the room, not bothering to close the door behind him. "Good riddance."

Poppy Holland's seductive smile mocked him. "But you m'dear...oh, what plans I have for you." He removed the painting from the wall and tucked it under his arm. He made a quick trip to his car and secured it in the back seat before heading back inside.

As he retraced Rose's steps, he heard voices and opened the door. The trio turned in perfect sync. His jaw threatened to clench, but he forced a charming smile and let his gaze rest on Rose. Or should he call her Poppy? Her hand clutched Gabriel's arm.

"Very bad form to have a private party and not invite me." Sasha adjusted his stance as the trio stared at him. Though he leaned casually against the door frame, blood pounded furiously in his ears as he focused on the little witch in the middle.

Rose's hand fell away from Gabriel and Sasha began to breathe easier. Then he noticed the woman above the fireplace. He blinked. Was this some kind of sick joke?

Sasha strode to the painting and read the placard underneath, then stared up at the portrait. Same curly black hair, same beautiful blue eyes, and same last name as the man who owned the place. Sasha's gut clenched and a minuscule amount of fury ebbed away. That was why Harrison Collins had looked so familiar to him at Market House. What a bastard the man was to prey on his daughter's vulnerabilities.

Honestly, should he be surprised at anything anyone did?

"You never did introduce us, Rose," Summer purred and Sasha turned to regard the blonde.

He'd recognized Ivy's mother as soon as she sauntered in, hell-bent on embarrassing Rose or herself, he wasn't sure. However, two things were very clear: one, Summer was extremely beautiful, a fashion designer's dream with her long legs, torso and arms. Two, he wouldn't touch her with his pinky finger-not only because she was Rose's sister, but because he'd seen that look before.

Every morning for the past five years it had stared back at him in the mirror.

"Alexander Romanov," Rose said, gesturing toward him, then her sister. "This is my sister, Summer."

"Charmed, I'm sure," he drawled.

Summer brushed past Gabriel, her hips saying 'come closer' while her eyes screamed 'run like hell in the opposite direction'. Crimson nails tipped in black trailed down Sasha's coat sleeve and he repressed a shudder.

She leaned closer, whispering, "Performing curses may not be in my sister's repertoire, but it is in mine."

Halloween really did bring out the best in people. He leaned back and looked her in the eye, pulling out the cross necklace. "Sorry, dear, but you can't touch me."

Summer's lips peeled back from her teeth, but before she could curse him or bite his ear off, Gabriel pulled her away.

"Let's go home," Gabriel urged.

"Asking me to spend the night, angel?" Summer cooed, brown eyes wide as her lashes fluttered.

Gabriel steered her toward the door. "You think that's the first time someone's tried giving me that nickname? You're starting to slip, honey."

Summer's smile never faltered. "I'm sure a man like you would catch me if I did. Show me the errors of my ways so I could get down on my knees for you and confess my sins. Maybe demonstrate the ones I'm most proud of."

"Your mascara's smeared." Gabriel pulled a tissue from his pocket and held it out to her.

Summer stared down at his hand for a long minute before taking it from him. Her shoulders drooped a little. "Drive me home, angel."

After the door shut behind the couple, Rose said, "I can't believe she let him get the last word."

What in the hell was she talking about? "Your sister ordered him to take her home." Shimmering blue eyes met his, and he sucked in a breath. Jesus. Summer was here for Ivy. "Sweetheart, will you be all right?"

"Yes-no...I don't know."She dropped her head into her hands, her shoulders rigid. "I need to leave, but I can't."

Whatever he'd been about to say slipped from his mind as her entire body began to shake. He crossed the small distance between them and guided her to the leather sofa by the fireplace, pulling her into his lap. Rubbing her back, he waited for her to cry. But the tears never came. Instead she remained rigid as ever, even as great shudders racked her delicate frame.

After many minutes had passed, she finally relaxed against him, burying her face into his neck and rubbing the chain around it with the tips of her fingers. He wrapped a cautious arm around her, welcoming the sweet warmth of her body. "You know, you're the first person-outside of my family-that knows the truth about me. I haven't been able to trust anyone in a very long time."

"I trusted you, too."

Her words shattered him. Wounded him as they should. Thinking of the painting in his car, he said, "Not entirely."

"I trusted you with the important things: My family and my-me."

He wanted her trust again. He needed it. Hell, he needed her. Playing with the tendrils of hair that had escaped its confines, he trailed his lips down the line of her stubborn jaw. "I tainted the samples this afternoon-with what I'm not telling, but I swear to God my uncle can't hurt you now." He nibbled at her bottom lip. "No one can take away your land. The spring is worthless."

"Don't," she exhaled on a ragged breath. "I can't think straight around you."

Cursing himself for being a million times a fool, he lifted her away from him so that she reclined against the side of the sofa.

Massive mistake.

Ocean-blue eyes met his and as her plump lips parted, he was lost to any semblance of reasoning. He moved over her, skimming his knuckles across her cheek while her gaze never wavered from his.

"And I can't help myself around you," he said softly.

Her gaze fell to his lips.

Heat coiled inside of him, ready to invade every part of his body. Ready to invade hers. "Your costume becomes you."

"I'm Poppy Holland," she said.

At that moment he didn't care if she was the granddaughter of Anastasia or Buffy the Vampire Slayer. She was entrusting him with one of her most guarded secrets, and he wasn't going to ruin it by saying something so incredibly stupid as I know.

"Brilliant."

She frowned. "No, you don't understand. I'm Poppy-legendary bewitcher of men."

"That you are." He wriggled his eyebrows at her and she groaned. "It solves a problem for me, actually."

Her nose wrinkled. "It does?"

"I couldn't decide on who I was tonight, but the answer is obvious."

"It is?" She blinked and blinked again.

"Have I told you how particularly adorable you are when you answer in two word sentences?" he asked with a laugh.

"Sasha." Her br**sts rose above the neckline as she moved into a sitting position.

"What are you wearing underneath?" He traced the curve of one soft mound and her breath hitched.

"Steampunk."

"Never heard of that particular line."

"Harrison Collins is my dad," she said and he looked up in time to see her lashes sweep down, hiding her eyes from him.

"Skye's too?"

"I don't know."

"What about Summer?"

Black lashes flickered. "Summer is my cousin, not my sister. But she-we-let everyone think she's the oldest."

Summer's warning rang in his ear. "To protect you."

Rose covered her mouth with her hand and then let it fall to her throat. "Oh, God, Sasha-I have to go. I don't care what Harrison does to me. I need to see Ivy before Summer leaves with her."

Why would her sister leave? It didn't matter. In this he could help. He pulled her to her feet. "Need my car?"

"Yes."

He handed her the keys. "Need help out of that dress?"

"What?"

"You can't drive in that."

"But I don't have anything else to wear." She looked down at her costume and then back at him, panic filling her eyes.

He unbuttoned his jacket and slung it over the sofa. "I have an idea."

"We can't make love right now."

He fingers hovered above the third button. "Later?" Danger gleamed in her eyes and he quickly added, "I'm giving you my shirt and jacket to wear. They should be long enough to cover your very luscious derriere. "

Rose's cheeks flushed bright pink.

His cuff links were next to go. "The sight of my glorious chest shouldn't cause too many women to swoon."

She rolled her eyes. "Just the women?"

"Quite right-the men, too." The shirt joined his jacket and he caught Rose staring at him. More specifically at his chest. After having his ni**les pierced for over six years, he usually wasn't aware of them, but at this moment he was conscious of everything. The way his ni**les tightened around the metal rings. His c**k stirring to life as she moved closer.

"When I first saw you tonight, all I could think about was getting my necklace back." She blinked twice and he suppressed a grin.

That was not the first thing she thought. He could feel the connection between them as soon as their eyes locked. He'd been sure she felt it, too. But it wasn't enough. He'd betrayed Rose by withholding information from her. And he had nothing to offer her.

With a heavy sigh, he reached for the clasp at the back of his neck. Even if was the right thing to do, it was the last thing he wanted. Last night, as he counted cracks in the ceiling of the room he'd rented from the local bed and breakfast, his fingers wouldn't leave the damn thing alone. It was as if she were in bed with him, comforting and making him ache for her at the same time.

"It doesn't belong to me anymore." She pushed a stray curl behind her ear. "I thought it did, but it's yours."

"Turn around, love," he said, his voice hoarse as he tucked the pendant under his collar. Thankfully she did as he asked and he set to work on the tiny buttons running down the back. The dress slid off of her shoulders and fell to the floor. After catching sight of what it had revealed, he nearly did the same. She was wearing a corset-laced up the sides-that constricted her waist into waspish proportions and a garter belt.

He flexed his fingers and stepped back. Shapely legs encased in nude stockings with silver threads weaving up the sides caught the firelight. His mouth went dry and a cross between a moan and a groan left his throat.

"Consequences," Rose said as she bent over to grab his shirt.

To hell with consequences. He cupped her elbow, turning her face him and tilted her chin up. He bent his head, already tasting her kiss.

The door burst open and they jumped apart.

David Turner poked his head in, disgust filling his face. But Sasha knew it wasn't directed at Rose. Only him. Always him. Not that he could blame the bloke.

"This isn't what it looks like." Rose jerked his shirt around her, a guilty flush creeping up her neck.

It was exactly what it looked like, Sasha wanted to say. Or it would've been. He cast a critical eye on the Sheriff's costume. Of course the man was in uniform. "Originality not your strong point either?" Sasha asked, silently daring the man to say something.

"I need to speak with Rose. Alone."

"Give me a minute." Turning Rose to face him, Sasha helped her with the buttons, then draped his jacket around her slender shoulders. "I'll go wait in the hall."

"It's okay, David." She gave Sasha a tremulous smile. "Sasha can stay."

"What time did you get here?" David asked, ruining Sasha's moment of sweet victory.

"Eight. My date was very punctual," she said with a raise of her brows.

Sasha rolled his eyes and mumbled, "Of course he was."

"Romanov come with you?" The sheriff gave him a pointed look.

"No."

"What's with this line of questioning?" Sasha asked, annoyed and mildly panicked.

"I really need to go to Jemma Leigh's and get Ivy. Summer's back."

David cursed. "You really don't know about the explosion, do you?"

Her eyes widened until the blue was a thin line around the black. "What explosion?"

"I kinda hoped you'd been the one to do it," the sheriff muttered.

"Do what?" Rose asked, her voice rising as she turned around to face the sheriff. She grabbed Sasha's hand and squeezed.

David shifted his stance and took off his hat. "I don't know how to tell you, honey."

"For the love of God man, spit it out," Sasha growled.

"An explosion from your greenhouse made Strawberry Grove catch on fire. Hayden Laws said he'd never seen a house go up that fast-not without help."

The room went silent, not even the clock on the mantle dared tick.

Hysterical laughter came from Rose's mouth and Sasha tried to soothe her, but she pushed him away. "I don't need your comfort."

"The fire department's doing the best that they can, but it's out of control."

A gust of wind blew the windows open, lifting the drapes as lightning split the sky. Thunder boomed, shaking the entire house. The party-goers let out shouts of laughter, thinking this was part of their entertainment.

Thunder boomed again, books and expensive vases falling to the floor.

Rose turned, shoes silent on the hardwoods as she stalked to the closest window. Her hands were fisted at her side.

Sasha stared at her back, the fine hair on his neck rising as his jacket seemed to float off of her and land on the sofa. But it was only the gust of wind. It lifted his hair at the roots. "You need to come away from the window, Rosebud."

"When I'm done." Her voice was strangely calm.

Suddenly, the heavens opened and rain poured from the sky.

"That should help," she said.

"Who set your house on fire?" David shouted over the next boom of thunder. "Nobody would blame you if you were the one that did it. But if someone else were to blame, I'd-"

"I didn't do it," Sasha blurted, the need to convince her that he had absolutely nothing to do with destroying her home imperative. "I swear on my mother's life-"

"I know you didn't, Sasha."

He nearly dropped to his knees at her easy acceptance. Just like before, when he told her about his uncle's schemes. Whatever it took, he'd make it up to her.

She cast a glance over her shoulder, her blue eyes glowing eerily as lightening flashed. "Go home to Missy, David. She's about to go in labor."

David smacked his hat against his thigh. "Don't you start that crap with me. Tell me who set your damn house on fire so I can arrest his ass."

The lights went out and lightening flashed again, gifting Sasha with her silhouette.

"Sasha?" Her voice was reedy thin.

"Yes," he croaked.

"I need you." As if in slow motion her knees gave away and her body began to crumple to the floor. He managed to catch her before she hit the hardwood floor, her sweet frame soaked by the rain and ice cold where their skin touched.

"Does that answer your question, Sheriff?"

Turner worked his mouth for a moment and swiped his hand over his face. "Not by a long shot."

"Bloody right," Sasha agreed.

Chapter Twenty-One

"Want to tell me what happened back there?" Sasha turned the heat up in the car, giving her a sidelong glance. He fiddled with the controls, turning the radio up. The volume was low enough for conversation, but loud enough to hear the local DJ share what costume was the most popular this year.

Rose cast her gaze at the patrol car in front them, trying to convince herself that maybe the explosion had only set a part of her house on fire. That maybe the firemen had caught it in time. "I passed out."

"Rose, you made a storm appear out of nowhere."

"People can't control the weather." If she could, Holland Springs would be in The Guinness Book of World Records for the most ass**les struck by lightning in one town. She laced her hands together in her lap. "They were calling for storms tonight."

The DJ reminded everyone to watch out for isolated evening thunderstorms.

"Convenient."

But it wasn't. Nothing was. If things had been left up to her, she'd be saying good-bye to Ivy. Telling Summer all the little things she needed to know about her. Giving her sister the baby book she'd made. All the pictures she'd taken. Well, not all of them. A few she'd keep for herself. "Summer won't wait until tomorrow to leave." A lump formed in her throat, almost as large as the boulder sitting in her stomach.

"We'll only stay as long as they need you, then I'll drive you to Jemma Leigh's," he said. "I'd like to say good-bye to Ivy, too."

She turned to look at him, the glow from the dashboard highlighting the stark lines of his face. Her heart pinched. "You're really going to miss her?"

He nodded once and applied the brake as the patrol car slowed and made a left at the intertwined dogwoods that stood behind the Strawberry Grove street sign.

Sasha did the same, the bump as the tires hit the gravel making Rose sway slightly. She breathed deeply, clutching her hands tightly and wishing for her cross necklace. There was no way she could look. None at all. She closed her eyes like a coward.

The car quit moving.

"Christ."

Her eyes flew open. She tried to speak but only air rushed out and a strange sort of croaking in her throat.

"I'm so sorry, love." He grabbed her hands, squeezing them.

Nothing in her life had prepared Rose for the sight that greeted her. Her own American horror story come to life.

Flames licked at Strawberry Grove, ravenous as it ate the almost three hundred year old structure. Fiery fingers reached for the sky, engulfing the roof and two chimneys. Paint peeled like skin from a rotted corpse. Blown out windows like empty eye sockets. Missing doors like mouths opened in a forever silent scream. Great billows of smoke so black that it blocked the moon's feeble attempt to shine. Ashes floated through the air, blanketing the firemen, their trucks and anything else nearby like dirty snow.

Obviously, the rain from the storm hadn't helped, but maybe that's what started it in the first place-the lightning from the storm and not a person. It happened all the time, so why should her house be spared?

No, not her house. Her home, her safe haven where no one judged her. Where her family had lived for generations. Where Ivy had rolled over the first time, where she changed Ivy's first diaper, given Ivy her first bath and listened to her coo at Blackbeard.

It was where Rose had taken her first steps and said her first words. She and her sisters' height, yearly measured and marked on a wall by the back stairs. Giggles and secrets shared under the cover of darkness. Chasing butterflies and Blackbeard in the front yard. Helping her mother pick flowers as she and her sisters learned each one's proper name and uses. Things she'd never do for Ivy, not at this home. And now that Summer had her back, not at any other.

Taking a deep breath, she risked a look at her forcing house. Only one corner remained. Gone were plants hundreds of years old. Gone were seeds kept in large glass jars, ones that you couldn't find on eBay or at Littman's Nursery five miles up the road.

It wasn't just seeds or flowers; it was her legacy. Her means of support so she didn't have to end up like her mother. Like Summer.

How in God's name would she finish fulfilling the order for Barbara's Bugs? If she didn't uphold her end, then she wouldn't get paid. If she didn't get paid, she couldn't pay off her loan to Harrison. Thoughts of everything she was responsible for fell like dominoes.

"I've never seen anything like this," David coughed. He waved over one of the volunteer firemen, and started questioning him. The terse shake of the fireman's helmet indicating that things were worse than what she thought.

"Arson."

The word pierced her heart. There was no way she could blame lightning now. There would be reports to fill out and reporters to avoid once they arrive. At least she didn't have an insurance policy on the house, because then she would have the added burden of convincing one of their agents she hadn't started the fire.

Despite the organized chaos of men and women running around lifting hoses, adjusting nozzles and giving orders, she'd never felt more alone. Defeated.

Rose lifted her chin, determined not to show how hollow she felt inside. Determined not to lean on anyone for anything. Ever. She wouldn't acknowledge that it was Sasha holding her up, that his arms were anchoring her to this world.

"You're shivering, love." Sasha added another blanket-his own-to the one wrapped around her.

"I'm not cold." She was shaking with rage. Fury and pain threatened to consume every good and decent part of her soul. Who would do something like this? She sliced her gaze to Sasha for a moment, then watched the sheriff head back their way.

"Don't come any closer-the fire's too hot." David ambled over, headlights illuminating the grim slash of his mouth. "The chicken coop out back's empty and someone saw your cat run off to the east."

The tiniest prick of joy made her want to smile. "Good."

Ominous creaking gave way to a sharp crack. The emergency crews began to shout and back away.

Sasha jerked her against him as the roof collapsed. "We have to leave, Rose. It's not safe."

"Romanov's right, honey." David took off his hat and wiped his arm across his face, smearing ashes on his nose and cheeks. "There might be another explosion. Whoever did this wanted to make sure that nothing would be salvageable."

"It wasn't me."

David held up his hands. "I'm not accusing you, Rose. Everyone knows how important this house was to you. It's been in your family so long, it's like an honorary member. There's nothing you can do no how. I'm not sure why I was told you needed to come out here."

Because it was a message. The Hollands had finally been purged from Holland Springs. At least her sisters and Ivy hadn't been home. Fury gave way to panic.

Rose grabbed Sasha's arm. "I need to go to Jemma Leigh's. Now."

"Summer's gone." Gabriel stopped a few feet in front of her, his face highlighted by the fire behind her.

"Gone?" Rose whispered.

Sasha muttered something under his breath.

"She took off about fifteen minutes ago." Gabriel held out a piece of torn notebook paper. "She left this for you."

Rose took the paper. "I need more light."

David shined his flashlight on it.

She read the note, then looked up at Gabriel. "An address-that's it? I didn't even get to say good-bye." Covering her mouth with her hand, she tried not to cry. Tried to remain furious, but a piece of her was gone. Her baby girl was gone.

"Why didn't you stop her?" Sasha stepped in front of her. The pain in his voice undeniable. "You know how much Ivy means to Rose."

"What I know is that Summer's her mother and it's not up to me," Gabriel countered. He sighed. "She loves her daughter."

"But I love Ivy, too," Rose whispered brokenly.

Sasha turned around, grasping her upper arms. "We'll get her back. My uncle has a massive legal team at his disposal."

She looked up at the night sky, stars playing hide and seek with smoky clouds. Out of habit she searched for her star, resigned when she didn't find it. Apparently everything that mattered to her was gone. When she came back to earth, Sasha was frowning.

"Did you hear what I said?" He gave her a little shake, then let go.

"Everything's as it should be." But it wasn't. She shuffled to Sasha's car, climbing into the passenger side and staring at the windshield, staring at nothing.

Sasha joined her, a few minutes or hours later, she wasn't sure. He started up the car and covered her hand with his. "I texted Skye and assured her that you were okay. She said she'll see you in the morning."

"Take me to my store. I can sleep there."

He shook his head. "No, I'm taking you home with me."

She was too drained to argue. "Fine." Taking one last lingering look at her home, Rose placed her palm on the window. Condensation gathered around the outline, blurring the colors.

Mercifully, the image faded as they drove away.

***

"Do you need help getting your corset off?" Sasha asked as he slid past her, turning on lights and opening doors.

Rose blinked, realizing they were in his room at the BandB. She couldn't remember how she got there. Letting the blankets fall to the floor, she set to work on the buttons of Sasha's shirt. Somehow it'd gotten wet, and the blankets had done very little to soak up the moisture.

She heard rain falling and turned to the window, but the part in the lace curtains showed a perfectly lovely night.

"Shower's going. Let's get this off of you, yes?" Waiting for her consent, he smiled gently.

She nodded and he turned her, each tug sending a bigger rush of air into her lungs. The pretty lingerie fell to the floor in a small heap. Her panties and stockings were next to go. Sasha had been quick, efficient. Touching her only when necessary. There hadn't been any lingering, or hot kisses, not like the night he'd fed her dinner.

Had that only been last night?

Sasha led her to the bathroom, joining Rose in the shower and pulling her close. "We smell like eau de smoke, love."

"Could be worse."

Haunted blue eyes met his and Sasha wanted to howl at the unfairness of her situation, because in his mind it couldn't get any worse. Rose had lost her house, the supply to her business and most importantly, Ivy. All in one night.

"I'll take care of you this time. Wash you up and tuck you in bed." He kissed her eyes closed and let hot water soak her hair before massaging in shampoo. Curls slipped through his fingers as he rinsed her hair, a sweet flowery scent replacing the smell of smoke and despair.

He soaped up a washcloth, tenderly running the material over the smooth skin of her face, her neck and shoulders. He followed the graceful lines of her back, the generous swell of her hips and the perfect br**sts that tempted him to kiss the ni**les.

Shaking his head, he mentally scolded himself for being the worst sort of cad.

He let his hand drift lower, closing his eyes as his fingers brushed her stomach and lower, then lower still as the cloth dropped to the floor. Damp hair slid on his knuckles and he jerked his hand away.

There had to be a safe place on her body that he could wash. Feet. And legs-or at least the calves. Although her calves were shapely-like her thighs-and the curve of her birthmark on her inner thigh drove him crazy.

This was his penance, he thought. For every bad deed, thought or look. Hell wasn't fires burning bright, melting your flesh while you lived through the torment. No, hell was two consenting adults, bare skin, soapy palms and hot water while being forbidden to touch the woman of your dreams in the way you wanted.

Or perhaps this would be the closest he'd ever get to heaven.

Bracing her against him, he bent down on one knee and lifted her foot to rest on it. Every delicate fold of her intimate flesh was bared to him. He swallowed a groan.

"The polish job doesn't look half bad," he said, trying to distract himself. Concentrating on her needs, he kept the cloth between them, a shield from his entirely inappropriate and unruly body. Each pass humbling him, unable to fathom why she would allow him of all people to care for her. To touch her when she was the most vulnerable.

He wanted to fall to his knees and thank her. Worship her.

Managing to angle the shower head so that water would hit them both, he washed his hair and body, then turned off the water.

Fluffy towels hanging from warm hangers waited for them as he stepped out of the shower. Grabbing two, he wrapped one around her sweet body and the second around her hair.

"Feeling more yourself?"

Wordlessly she nodded and handed him a towel.

He wrapped it around his hips and helped her out of the tub. She toweled herself off and grabbed the comb by the sink to run it through her hair.

When she was done, he gathered the wet mass and braided it for her, wringing the end out with a towel. "Do you know how long I've been waiting to wash your back?"

A ghost of a smile flickered in her reflection.

Scooping her up in his arms, he carried her to bedroom. "Should've brought my cell phone into the shower and videoed it for prosperity."

Another small smile buoyed his heart.

Tucking her between the sheets wasn't hard, but dragging himself away was. "You really didn't have to set your house on fire in order to get me to sleep with you." He grabbed a pair of boxer briefs and pulled them on. "I'm not that complex of a man."

Black lashes lifted, revealing blue eyes full of anxiety and a deep pain. "I don't have any clothes."

That was the last thing he expected her to worry about, and sorry bastard that he was, it was the last thing on his mind. "I'll leave straightaway. Think the mall's open?" He glanced at his phone, checking the time. It was nearly midnight. Nothing was open, not even the local Wal-Mart since it wasn't 'super-sized'.

Her hand caught his arm and he froze. "Don't leave."

Whether she meant the bed, the room, or her life, he didn't care. He would stay in whatever capacity she'd let him. Nodding, he gently grabbed her hand and kissed the knuckles.

Sliding over, she lifted the covers and met his eyes.

The selfish need to hold her overruled his sensibilities. He joined her and she went willingly into his arms, her body soft and warm. Feminine and sweet.

"Strawberry Grove can be rebuilt, you know." He brushed his lips against her temple.

She shook her head. "I don't have insurance."

Well, that certainly made things more difficult, but maybe he could find a way to help her. He was definitely sure she wouldn't take his money, so he'd have to go another route. "You can stay here with me. I'll put off leaving for a couple of weeks." His mother was safe for the time being and Vladimir had always allowed him to take a holiday after his work was finished. For once he'd actually like to think or say the word holiday without feeling like a fraud.

"I'll think about it." Her voice was soft and serious. She sounded exhausted and felt like a dream. She shifted closer to him, the parts of her body that he was trying hard to ignore getting his attention. "Everyone I love is leaving me."

Did that include him? He brushed the thought away. "Skye's close by."

"She's leaving for Colorado on Monday." Rose let out a shaky breath. "She finally got off the waiting list for their midwifery program. It's for two years."

Ah, hell. He wanted to fix it for her, make things the way they used to be. Before he'd shown up and ruined her life. Wasn't that what a man was programmed to do-fix things for his woman? No, he reminded himself, Rose was not his woman.

"Thank you for taking care of me."

"No need to thank me. This is what..." He paused, wondering with what word exactly he should use to fill in the blank. Friend or lover? While desirable, neither seemed appropriate at this point. "...people who care about other people do for each other." He winced. That sounded lame to his ears.

Rose remained silent.

After what seemed like an eternity, he risked a peek of her face and exhaled the pent up breath he hadn't been aware he'd been holding. She was asleep, her chest rising and falling in a steady rhythm. One that indicated she'd been that way for a while. There was a great chance (and his great hope) she'd fallen asleep during his 'people caring about people' fail.

Rolling to one side, he turned off the lights.

Chapter Twenty-Two

Sasha had hardly slept last night. The woman laying so trustingly in his arms had seen to that. Every time she'd moved or made the smallest of noises, he'd tried soothing her. And every time her bare br**sts or sweet ass had pressed against him, he'd tried not to notice.

He'd failed miserably. However, he'd kept his own promise of thinking of her needs and ignored his body's insistence to make love to her.

Rose slid a silky soft leg over his thigh, her intimate curls brushing his skin and he hardened. Of its own volition, his hand drifted lower and cupped her. She was wet and warm. Damn, she felt so good. Her hips undulated against him and one of his fingers nearly slipped inside of her. She moaned and he glanced up at her face.

Her eyes blinked open, sleepy and heavy lidded. "Sasha?"

"Yes?"

"Want you." She grabbed his wrist and pulled up, his fingers slid inside of her. "Need you so bad."

He kissed her and whispered, "I'll take care of you, sweetheart." He would take care of her forever. For as long she allowed. "Relax."

Letting go of his wrist, she pushed the covers away. Her legs fell open and for the longest time he watched himself touch her there. As he made her body shake and tremble. As her moans filled the room.

Dipping his head, he tugged a cherry red nipple into his mouth and sucked hard. She cried out his name, arms rising to find her pillow. She fisted it between her hands.

His c**k was so f**king hard right now, but he wanted to remain selfless. He closed his eyes and circled her nipple with his tongue. He wanted-

Her hands grasped his cock, stroking him. Rolling to the side, he kissed her deeply, his tongue mimicking his fingers.

She gasped his name into his mouth as she came. As he moaned hers, his own orgasm shaking him to his very core. Jesus Christ. He couldn't leave her. Not now. Not ever. There had to be a way for them to be together.

She smiled at him, tears in her eyes. "Thank you."

"Don't thank me." He smoothed a stray curl from her face. "Go back to sleep, love." She nodded and closed her eyes.

After cleaning himself off, he shot from the bed and headed to the bathroom. He made use of the facilities and dressed in record time.

Pressing a soft kiss to Rose's cheek, he left the room and jogged down the stairs, surprised to see the owner, Haven Crawford, lugging in a large box through the front entrance.

"Need some help?"

Haven shot him a grateful smile and handed it over. "Didn't take you for an early riser."

"Rose's still sleeping, and I couldn't." Sasha followed her to the back and set the box down on the floor in Haven's private quarters. "All of Rose's clothes were burned in the fire, and-"

Haven gestured to the box. "Already taken care of."

"For Rose?" He knelt in the floor, prying the flaps apart. He pulled out jeans and sweaters. Skirts and shoes. Everything from the mentionable to unmentionables filled the box. All were clean, most still had tags, but it didn't matter because someone or someones cared enough about Rose to help her out. Before she had to ask.

Hell, knowing Rose, she wouldn't have asked for help.

"Gabriel Edwards dropped it off," Haven said.

Sasha dropped a rather nice-looking pair of pumps. "Who is he-Superman?"

Haven lifted her brows. "It came from the clothes closet at Grace Church. Most likely, his momma and sister picked them out before sending it over."

"I'll take all this up to her." He started to heft the box in his arms, but a quick shake of Haven's head made him stop.

"I want to hang it all up, iron anything that needs it and generally make everything look nice for Rose. I have some luggage she can borrow, too." Haven began taking out the clothes, laying them across the sofa and lining up shoes along the bottom. "There's more coming, Gabriel said, and Jemma Leigh's organizing a drive for Rose or something like that."

He could only imagine the 'something like that' Jemma Leigh would have in mind, but it would be from the heart. It seemed like there was nothing for him to do now.

Standing, he dusted off his trousers. "Why are you doing this?"

"Rose sends her couples to me."

"Her couples?" He rubbed the back of his neck.

Haven glanced up at him "The ones that take her advice to look for the spring. Almost always, there's an engagement. And almost always, they have their wedding here. Or a reception if they want to do the church thing." Haven bent back over the box, pink hair with purple tips sliding to the side. "She sent me my first customer two years ago, when I first opened for business. This is the least I can do for her."

"You believe in the legend of the spring?"

Haven snorted. "'Course not. But I believe in Rose and so do a lot of other people." Haven gathered some clothes and handed them to Sasha. She selected a pair of flats and the heavy winter coat from the bottom of the box, adding them to his pile. "Take these to her."

Sasha dashed off to his room, throwing open the door. "Wake up, sleepyhead."

Rose sat up. "Morning."

He dropped the clothes on the bed. "Guess what I've got for you. Well, not me exactly. There's loads more...Rose?"

Rose didn't answer him. She sat with the covers pulled to her chest and her gaze on the comforter.

"Haven sent these to you. They're from Edwards' church." He hated even mentioning the man's name, but credit had to be given where it was due. "Apparently, that's the tip of the iceberg. If you'd like some help putting outfits together, I'll volunteer-as long as you promise to model the lingerie for me."

She lifted the flats and turned them over, then dropped them on the floor. "Are those supposed to make up for my house burning down?"

This was so not his Rose, but allowances had to be made. She'd just lost everything. Running a palm over his jaw, he took a shaky breath. "I know it's not cheesecake, but new clothes always worked for me. Sex, too. I am a man, after all." When she didn't look up from the bed, he sat down beside her. "Help me out here."

"I'll thank Haven and Gabriel when I see them." She pulled her knees to her chest and rested her head on them.

He stroked her hair, watching as the curls came loose from her braid. "Come away with me. We'll go any place you want-although I do have some recommendations. There's this little island off of Spain you'd like." This he could do for her. He could make her forget for a while. Hell, if he could convince her, he would keep her with him. Until he was free and then they'd really be free-together. Go anywhere, do anything without anyone giving a damn.

"And do what?" she finally asked.

Sasha lifted a curl from her shoulder and rubbed it between his fingers. "Sleep, eat, shop...make love."

"You want me to leave, to run away from my problems and responsibilities?"

"You deserve more than this kind of life." He dropped the curl between his fingers and grabbed the cross at his neck.

"Is that all?" she asked, her voice monotone. Emotionless.

Was that all? He looked around the room, struggling to keep his temper in check. "I want to spend every day...every minute with you, Rosebud."

Pretty blue eyes met his. In their depths was so much pain that it made him want to reach for her. To kiss and hold her until the world fell away and no one could hurt her again. "Until your uncle has other plans for you."

He sucked in a breath, "I've no choice."

"So you say." Her gaze was unwavering.

Blood rushed to his head. "What kind of sick f**k makes something like that up?"

"The kind that preys on an innocent woman and her family. The kind that makes her think that she matters, that makes her think you care about her when all you really wanted to do was have a little fun while you bided your time," Rose said, shoving away the covers and reaching for the clothes he'd brought to her. "The kind who suggests a vacation after her home is destroyed, after her family leaves her all alone. After her baby is taken away."

"Ivy went home with her mother," he pointed out and she flinched.

Rose tugged a pale orange sweater over her head. "Am I supposed to wait around while you screw up someone else's life?" She yanked on a pair of panties, then jeans. "And when you're done, I should welcome you back into my bed, never knowing if you've been with someone else."

He stood up, then began pacing the room. "I wouldn't do that to you."

"Not even to save your mother?"

Her parting shot almost made him march out of the room right then and there. But she'd been through so much in the past twenty-four hours that he couldn't bring himself to leave her. "What do you want from me, Rose?" he asked as their eyes met. "I want you with me. I'm begging you to go. Please, you have to go."

Rose's heart pounded in her chest. There were lots of things she wanted to from him, but he couldn't give her any of it. She was tempted to take him up on his offer. How easy it would be to leave this place. To start over like her sisters had chosen to do, but she couldn't. She belonged here.

"Why?"

"I bloody f**king owe you, that's why," he shouted and her heart quit pounding. It sank in her chest, heavy with despair. He thought he owed her. It was his only reason for even suggesting she leave Holland Springs.

"I can't go with you," she whispered and grabbed the coat from the bed.

His jaw worked. "Can't or won't?"

This wasn't easy for her. Who would choose to live a life like this, confined to a role she had no desire to play. "I'm Poppy, my mother was Poppy, her mother before her. It's just the way things are."

"No one gives a damn about Poppy Holland." He shook his head and rapped his knuckles on the mantle above the fireplace. "No one knows who that is anymore. Your family's the ones clinging to the past."

"It's all I have left."

He gave her an incredulous look. One that was underlined with vulnerability, but she refused to let it sway her. "You have me," he said.

"Because you owe me."

"Yes. No...fuck it all." He strode to her, gripping her shoulders. His heated gaze pierced her heart. "Don't you want something different?"

Yes, she wanted something different, but she did not want to be with a man who thought he owed her. Who'd mentioned nothing of love. She loved Sasha-God, she loved him. But she refused to stand by him why he worked for his uncle. It wasn't about him choosing his mother over her. She'd never ask him to. And the thing she knew Sasha wanted the most was the thing that being with her would never give him-his freedom. "I want you to leave me alone."

Sasha's green eyes shuttered and his hands fell to his sides. His face was devoid of emotion, of warmth. "Fine. Stay here and rot for all I care."

"Good-bye, Sasha."

She slipped her feet into the flats and moved to the door, closing it softly behind her. Forcing the tears back, she closed her eyes to pain, not wanting to think of how tenderly he'd taken care of her last night. How he'd touched her so reverently and like she was made of glass. As if he knew that all the cracks in her soul were threatening to break her body into pieces. Then this morning, the most intimate time of her life.

She told herself that she didn't need Sasha in her life. That she'd made the right decision. That sometimes a person had to set free the person they loved the most.

She'd always hated old sayings like that, because it was obvious that whoever thought it up had never gone through it themselves.

Lifting her chin, she descended the stairs and went to find Haven.

Chapter Twenty-Three

Sasha boarded the jet, flinging the painting of Poppy Holland in the nearest chair and hoping like hell he'd damaged the thing.

He wasn't waiting until next week to leave. Today would suit him just fine.

Except he wasn't fine. He was the exact opposite of it. He was the most miserable sod on the face of the planet and couldn't do a damn thing about it.

For some reason known only to God and Rose, she was convinced that she belonged in that ass-backwards town. That she had to be Poppy Holland to a generation that cared little and knew nothing of what it meant to her. Jason Everett hadn't preyed on Rose solely because of her last name. Jason had done it because he was an unfeeling ass**le. Unfortunately and most likely, Rose wasn't the first or the last woman he would hurt.

Perhaps Vladimir had been right all along. Sasha should have never tried playing the hero. Look what it had gotten him. Absolutely nothing. His uncle still plotted, his cousins were either not speaking to him or still missing. Phoebe hung on by a thread, wasting away while the woman he loved...Jesus.

He stared at back of a seat. "I love her. I love Rose." Fate couldn't be this cruel to make him love a woman whose life he ended up helping to destroy after all.

"We've been cleared for take-off, Mr. Romanov." The pilot's voice came through the intercom.

Sasha glanced out of one of the windows, hoping for some kind of unnatural weather pattern, but all it did was continue to rain.

He sat heavily in one of the numerous seats and fastened his seatbelt, ignoring the football match on the flat screen.

Once they were airborne, a flight attendant strolled through the cabin, the expression on her face inviting and hopeful as she bent over, placing a hand on his shoulder.

"Anything you need?" That same hand slid lower, nearing his groin, but he caught it and gently moved it into away.

"Not this time, Taylor." Not ever. She wasn't Rose. No woman ever would be.

"I'll be back with a soda water." Taylor said, then walked away.

He let his eyes close and put his heartache firmly from his mind.

***

Three days later, Sasha met his uncle at Romanov Industries London offices. He'd always admired this particular building, mostly for its view of the hands-on museum across the street. He'd loved going there as a child with his parents. They would spend the whole day exploring and touching everything in sight. Every child's dream come true.

Of course, Vladimir wanted to tear the thing down because it blocked his view of the Thames.

"I'm surprised you've dared show your face." His uncle strode into the office, security on his heels but always ten paces behind. "I had to pay someone to do your job."

Bored at the always threatening tone of Vladimir, Sasha snagged an Asian pear from a fruit basket and rubbed it on his shirt. "Explosion expert is not on my list of talents."

"Pity, it would actually make the other one less lonely if it were."

There were times, Sasha darkly acknowledged, that his uncle's sarcastic nature was unnervingly identical to his. He took a savage bite of the pear.

"Make it quick. I've more important things to do than listen to you blather on about your inheritance, your mother or what you don't feel like doing."

The speech he'd been prepared to make went into his mental wastebasket and what was left of his pear in the trash bin. "I quit."

Glacial eyes bore into his. "Pardon?"

"Need a hearing-aid in your advanced years, do you?"

Vladimir cursed in Russian and advanced on Sasha. "You can't quit."

They stood toe to toe, but for the first time, Sasha was without fear. There was nothing his uncle could do to his mother. Phoebe's health had deteriorated to the point that even the doctors refused Vladimir's intimidation. A new administrator with family connections to MI6 and an amazing dedication to her patients hadn't hurt either.

"I'm done. It's over. Finito. Sore de kimatta. Shall I say it in your native tongue, or my mother's?" Sasha didn't bother to hide his smirk.

A vein pulsed in Vladimir's forehead. His face turned red, then purple as his eyes bulged. He clutched his left arm, dropping to the floor.

Sasha rushed to his side, knocking two security guards out of his way. He loosened the tie and unfastened the collar around his uncle's throat. "Call the medics, he's having some kind of attack."

Cell phones were whipped out, voices giving descriptions of what had just happened.

His uncle wheezed and gasped for breath.

"Keep breathing, because I'll be damned if I give you mouth-to-mouth."

"S-ss," his uncle began, his eyes rolling and spittle accumulating in the corner of his mouth.

"Deathbed apology-not quite what I wanted, but who am I to argue with the Grim Reaper."

A crew of in-house medics entered the room, brushing Sasha out of the way. They worked over the twitching body.

Sasha strolled over to the window, gazing down at the always busy sight of London's streets. He supposed he should feel sorry or pity...something, but he couldn't. He just didn't have it in him. Tucking his hands into his trouser pockets, he started whistling and slipped out of the room.

A medic stopped him in the hallway. "Sir?"

Sasha grunted.

"The receptionist said you were next-of-kin."

"I'm the only one who'll claim him, you mean," Sasha grumbled. "I'll meet you at the hospital."

Traffic was forgiving and they made it in record time. After waiting for an hour in a pleasant room with beige walls while reading fashion magazines two months out of date, a doctor entered the room.

"Your uncle's stable."

"What's the good news?" Sasha asked, not really caring that the man looked aghast.

"If you'll follow me, I'll take you to him."

Sasha passed a few nurses who winked at him and waved. Beds with only curtains for privacy lined the walls as he got closer to the private rooms.

His uncle lay prone in bed, his eyes active and alert as Sasha and the doctor drew closer. "Your uncle had a stroke, Mr. Romanov."

"Is he able to speak?"

The doctor grabbed the chart from the shelf in the wall and scanned over it. "Not at this time. The injury done to his body will require intense physical therapy. The kind that we, unfortunately, don't offer."

Glacial eyes hardened, one narrowing while the other's eyelid drooped.

"Who does?" Sasha asked, his gaze unwavering on his uncle's face.

He looked up from his chart. "St. Mary's and, well, between the two of us, the other place isn't worth mentioning."

"Childer's?" It would be divine justice to send the evil son of a bitch there. For Vladimir to be at the mercy of inattentive workers and dodgy facilities with shite conditions. He could send him there and his uncle's days would be numbered, a revenge so tantalizing that it shimmered and tempted him to grab it. To make his uncle pay.

Vladimir let out a snort. Sasha didn't know if the man was daring him to do it, or mentally calling him weak. But only a true villain took revenge on a weak man. And he was done being the villain.

"Yes, but-"

"St. Mary's." Sasha nodded his head. There were just some things a man didn't do. Turn into his uncle was one of them.

"Sorry, but it's not up to you."

Both Sasha and the doctor turned.

"Sebastian?"

"You always did have a talent for telling us apart." Arrogant and cold, with his pale eyes and slicked back hair, his formerly missing cousin strode into the room wearing a three-piece suit.

"Easy enough-you're the one with the stick up your arse."

Sebastian handed a stack of papers to the obviously confused doctor. "He's being transferred to Childer's."

Sasha gaped at him. "That place will most likely kill him."

Sebastian leaned over his father, placing a kiss on his forehead. "One can only hope."

What sounded like a laugh burst from Vladimir's mouth. Over and over the horrible sound like a gun being fired, until the three of them were forced to leave the room while a nurse rushed past them, hypodermic needle in hand.

Sebastian paused in the middle of the hallway. "I'll be taking over as head of Romanov Industries."

Astounded, Sasha stared at him. His cousin was going to waltz in and take over like he hadn't been missing for the past six months? "Where have you been?"

"Here and there." Sebastian sliced his hand in the air. "I have massive plans for R.I."

"Leave Rose Holland alone."

"If I don't?"

Sasha smiled, slowly and with confidence. "I'll email pictures of you and Kate in a rather intimate moment to The Daily Mail."

"Done." Sebastian pulled on leather gloves. "I'm not interested in partnering with Nahalah Industries."

"And you'll leave my mum at St. Mary's."

"I'm guilty of many things, but using a dying woman as leverage isn't one of them."

Sasha hadn't thought his cousin was that much of a bastard, but he couldn't be sure. For years Sebastian had followed in his father's footsteps. Trying, it seemed to Sasha, to snatch every crumb of attention and praise from Vladimir when it was tossed his way.

"Lastly, I want my inheritance and for everyone to leave me alone. I'm done."

Sebastian's brows lifted, an amused smile on his lips. The first Sasha had seen since they were boys. "Didn't he ever tell you?"

"Tell me what?"

"All this time I thought you were an utter bastard."

"Out with it," Sasha demanded, clenching his hands into fists.

"You've had control of everything for the past three years. If you'd taken the time to actually go over the documents with your father's lawyer, you'd have known." Sebastian turned on his heel, leaving Sasha to do what he hadn't done since Holland Springs.

"I'm getting pissed," he said to no one in particular.

Chapter Twenty-Four

Despite Rose's prayers and bargaining with God, Tuesday came as it always had. To add insult to injury, the sun shone brightly while fluffy clouds lazily drifted in the sky. An absolutely perfect day to auction off her home, her life and her dreams.

The clock on the microwave changed from 1:59 to 2:00 and her heart dropped to her stomach, acid eating it away. The land that Strawberry Grove had been built on was gone, sold to an international corporation for a fire-sale of a price.

She half-laughed and half-sobbed, wrapping her arms around her knees as she sat on the small sofa.

Most people in Holland Springs had probably lined up hours ahead of time to watch. Heck, they were probably bidding on it, just to make things interesting, because they sure weren't coming to her store.

She had even heard rumblings of a party to celebrate the whole occasion. No one had done a thing to help her, not that she wanted their help anyway.

The box of clothes Gabriel's church had sent her didn't really count. And neither did Haven's offer of a place to stay or the luggage she packed with all those clothes. Well, maybe that wasn't completely fair.

She frowned and placed her chin on one of her knees. Gabriel's church did that for anyone in need, regardless of reputation or economic status. Haven probably wanted to keep their business relationship on good terms.

Then again, maybe no one knew where she was. Her store was on a side-street that only those with a purpose to shop at Carolina Dreams came down. But Haven knew, she'd taken her to the fire station near her house to get her Jeep. According to the owner of the BandB, a good Samaritan had towed it there right after emergency crews had arrived on scene.

For almost the entire weekend, she had hidden in her little apartment, only venturing out to have dinner with Skye before she left for Colorado. Skye had driven them to an out of the way cafe near Wilmington. They'd spent hours reminiscing and Rose had made a promise to include her in more than just the mundane things of her life.

Then she had waited until her baby sister had said good bye and driven out of sight before she let herself cry. And that wasn't until she'd been safely locked in the bathroom, hot water falling on her head and mingling with her tears.

Rose glanced around the room. Empty shelves lined the wall where all of her extra products had once been. Her apartment felt like a place, not a home.

The fridge's fan kicked on, humming. Other than that it was quiet. Stifling. Suffocating.

Leaning over the back of the sofa, she opened a window and peered out. Sheriff Turner walked right under her window, carrying a box. He knocked on her front door, but she'd be damned if she answer it. Every time David showed up, he brought nothing but bad news and that box looked like it could hold more than she could handle.

Who was she kidding? The head of a pin could hold more bad news than she could handle right now.

At least she couldn't see the courthouse from here, but she'd find cold comfort where she could. For a long time, Rose had thought she'd always done fine on her own, but a man with moss colored eyes and a sexy smile had shown her just how wrong she was. She had been completely unprepared to be alone, not fully comprehending how big of a void Ivy and Sasha had filled in her life. But now...

Now they were gone and while she might see Ivy again, she had no doubt Sasha would never come back here. No he'd soon be off (if he wasn't already), charming his next victim out of whatever his uncle wanted. And if his next victim were a woman, he'd be charming his way into her bed.

She gave a little snort, then a soft cry. As if he needed to do that. All it had taken for her was a nap, cheesecake, helping her clean vacation homes, bringing back her chickens, cooking her dinner, painting her toes...She drew her brows together.

Sasha had done a lot for a man intent on seduction. He'd done things that most men wouldn't have dreamed of doing. Although she could chalk it up to his training, his life for the past several years. A life that, according to him, he wasn't allowed to live like he wanted.

Unwrapping her arms, she stood up and moved to the top of the stairs. There had to be something she could do to keep her mind off of the auction. Off of Ivy. Off of Sasha.

She jogged down the stairs and slipped into her office, powering on her desktop.

The clock on the right hand side of the screen read 2:15.

Taking a steadying breath, she began to surf the internet. With only a couple of clicks she tortured herself with pictures of Sasha. She made a face at the screen and moved to x it out, only to stop when she felt someone looking over her shoulder.

She tentatively glanced back and her mouth dropped open. Her heart resurfaced from her stomach and began pounding furiously in her chest.

"Momma?" Rose jumped up from her chair, her fingers automatically searching for the cross that Sasha still had.

Azalea Holland smiled, hair the color of honey framing an ethereally beautiful face dominated by bright lavender eyes. Impeccably dressed in a suit and skirt that matched her eyes, she looked nothing like the woman Rose remembered. A woman who'd favored lived-in jeans and form-fitting t-shirts from her favorite concerts.

Rose wanted nothing more than to curse the woman, yell at her, or even tell Azalea to get the hell out of her store, but tears clogged her throat and blurred her vision. All she could do was stand there and stare.

"Oh, sugar, it's not that bad." Azalea didn't move any closer.

Waves of embarrassment washed over Rose, leaving her cold. She wanted her mother to hug her. She pressed her fingers to her eyes, trying to get her emotions under control. "Where have you been? Where were you when I needed your help?"

Azalea dug into her wide purse, pulling out a handkerchief and a manila folder. She handed Rose the handkerchief and set the folder on the shelf beside her. "I wasn't anywhere good. And I sure as hell wasn't fit to help you then, but now..." She tapped on the folder.

Drying her eyes, Rose pressed her mother for more answers. "But now you are? Does your suit have superpowers or something?"

"Only to make my assistant, Barney, cry in less than five seconds when I fuss at him for not recycling." Azalea brushed a curl behind Rose's ear. "So pretty. I always knew you'd be a stunner." Her eyes dropped to Rose's neck. "Why'd you run him off, sugar?"

Rose stepped back, bumping into her desk. "Stop it. I want you to answer my questions, not ask ones of your own."

Azalea moved the desk chair from behind Rose, sat down and crossed her legs. "Fire away."

For the life of her, Rose couldn't come up with a single one.

"Why don't I help you out?" Azalea leaned forward in her chair. "I'm not proud I did what I did. I chose to run off with one of my gentlemen friends, leaving you girls behind. Those were some dark years for me. I got caught up with the wrong people, filled my body with the wrong things."

"I didn't need that much information," Rose muttered.

Azalea continued, "About four years ago, I met the nicest man...a rich one to boot. I tried every trick I knew to get him into bed, to get him really into me and wanting to spend some cash. But nothing worked. He wanted to get to know me."

Rose crossed her arms. "Get to the point."

"I'd hoped he would have made you smile more." Azalea frowned, her perfect skin actually creasing. "Then again, I'm not sure how much a young man like him would have to smile about. Always having to follow the bidding of another."

"How do you know about him?"

"I read Alexander's horoscope this morning in The Gazette while having coffee with Jemma Leigh."

Of course Jemma Leigh would tell Azalea everything she knew. No Holland hocus-pocus needed.

A little smile formed on her mother's lips. "Is he as snazzy of a dresser as it said? Those things can be so moody. I really should have brought my charts with me, but I packed up in such a hurry to avoid rush hour. Traffic in Charlotte can be a real pain."

Charlotte? "You've been there all this time," Rose whispered. She sat down in a metal folding chair in the corner. Her mother had been only five hours away.

"Only for the past three years. I started Barbara's Bugs in Concord, in Devlin's basement." Azalea picked up the manila folder and handed it to Rose. "This is my apology to you girls. I can't go back and be your momma again. I've got two little ones to try to get it right with this time, and I'm a married woman now."

Wordlessly, Rose took the folder, but didn't open it. Her mother was someone else's mother. Someone's wife. Obviously Azalea didn't want Rose or her sisters to be a part of her new life, because she hadn't mentioned anything of coming to see her or meeting any new siblings. She hadn't asked about Ivy either.

Azalea stood, smoothing the material of her skirt and hiking the straps of her purse higher on her shoulder. Diamond rings on her hands flashed at her. But on her right pointer finger, Azalea still wore the mood ring Rose, Summer and Skye had bought her for Mother's Day.

"I've seen great things for you. We're going to be business partners. Barbara's Bugs has decided to invest in Carolina Dreams by providing you with capital to get Strawberry Grove's forcing house rebuilt and the plants growing again. Check the cottage west of the house. All the backup jars, as my grandmother Poppy liked to call them, are in hidden under a trap door in the kitchen. You'll know where, when you step on just the right place."

Rose glanced down at the folder, then back up at her mother. "But it was auctioned off."

"Wouldn't you know it, but the owner of Strawberry Grove finally got word what was going on, and paid off the back taxes early this morning." Azalea winked at her, then leaned down to press a cool kiss to Rose's forehead. "And no more going down to Harrison's office either, unless you feel like it."

"But I have a loan with him," Rose protested.

Azalea straightened. "You're also owed eighteen years of back child support. Rather than go to court and drag this out, exposing his secrets; he agreed to my terms."

Rose bit her bottom lip. "What about Poppy?"

"Oh, honey." Her mother shook her head, closing her eyes. When they opened, they were shiny with tears. "I filled you and your sisters' heads up with so much nonsense. There stopped being a Poppy Holland when my grandmother named my mother Lake and made sure everyone called her that. Sure we kept the name going by passing it down, but Poppy's gone. People don't believe in that stuff no how. It's the reputation that gets remembered and kicked down the line."

"But people need Poppy Holland. It's our...my duty to give love advice."

Azalea sighed and played with one of her many rings. "You're giving a name too much power over you. There's a time and place for tradition, but one that keeps a woman down ain't it."

"Easy for you to say; you left." Rose stood, lifting her chin. "I stayed."

Azalea made a noise of disapproval. "Look where it's gotten you. You had the chance to leave with Alexander. To see the world and be a young woman for once."

Growing up, she'd always believed in the magic of her mother, but after Azalea left, Rose had put away childish things. Or so she thought. There was no way her mother could know about Sasha's offer. No one did.

Azalea nodded at the computer screen. "He's the man in the picture?"

Rose's eyes widened as she turned around. She'd forgotten about her ridiculous web-surfing. "I wasn't looking for him. He kinda popped up on the screen."

"Maybe he's looking for you."

"No, I made sure of that."

"My stubborn child. That man loves you." Her mother sounded so certain that Rose almost believed her. Almost.

Rose shook her head, then turned back to her mother. "No, he owes me."

"What's the harm in letting him pay you back?"

"I'm not you. I don't use people."

Azalea lifted a brow. "Not all of us are as strong as you, Rose. And some of us actually like men and having one around."

The not-so-thinly veiled insult hit its mark. "I like men." In fact she loved one and she wanted him around indefinitely, but it wasn't meant to be. "And I respect them enough to treat them decently." Like she had with Sasha? No, she'd let her pride get in the way. She'd let her fear color her words.

"Did you take Alexander to the spring?" A knowing look entered her mother's eyes. "Share some strawberry wine with him...take him to your bed?"

Rose couldn't have stopped the blush that flooded her face if she had tried. "That's really none of your business."

Azalea gave her a self-satisfied smile and reached for her hand, squeezing it gently. "Let's not fight, honey. One day you can introduce me to your man and I can give you some pointers."

It was then Rose realized what a blessing in disguise it had been for her mother to leave. For all the good that her mother had done today, she was still selfish and self-centered. Women around here might have had a good reason not to like her family after all.

Still, this wasn't the reunion she'd dreamed of. Her mother wouldn't be in her life, not in the way she'd always hoped.

"I look forward to doing business with you, Barbara." Rose managed to shake her mother's hand and slip it out of her gasp.

Her mother's face transformed into a cool business woman. "As do I, Ms. Holland." Walking out the door, Azalea tossed over her shoulder, "There's someone waiting out here for you."

A familiar black streak of fur raced inside and jumped up into Rose's arms. "Blackbeard, you bad kitty, where have you been?"

The cat meowed, then began purring.

"I missed you, too." She buried her face in the cat's fur.

Chapter Twenty-Five

After consulting world-renowned experts and all of them coming to the same consensus that no brain activity had been present for the past three weeks, Sasha had made the gut-wrenching decision to take his mother off of life-support.

Each one had assured him that he was doing the right thing. However, the right thing never turned out to be the easiest thing.

She'd taken her last breath in his arms, a shuddering sigh that racked her frail body. He remembered telling his mum that he loved her. Then silence; not even the machines dared to make a noise. Sasha had held her until the doctor on call had come to the room and given the time of death for the nurse to record.

He'd buried Phoebe beside his dad, as they had wanted. Christian and Sebastian had attended, the strain between them obvious but not overwhelming. Sasha had felt a sort of melancholy mood invade his body during the ceremony, but he'd had three weeks with his mum.

Every day he'd visited her. Some days he'd talk for hours, reading from their favorite fashion magazines on his tablet. Other days, he was content to sit in silence or listen to her playlist on his iPod, relieved to be able to simply be with her. Free from worry. From responsibility.

Sublimely free.

It was everything he'd wanted. Everything he'd thought he needed. The freedom to come and go as he pleased. No more looking over his shoulder. No more getting the living hell beat out of him. No more waiting for the other shoe to drop and watch his uncle play God with Phoebe's life.

His mother was at peace, and he could imagine that his father was at peace as well. That they were waltzing around Heaven, fantastically happy to be together again. A part of him was happy for them as well.

But as he sat in his favorite pub and drank his favorite ale, all he could think of was Rose. What she was doing. Thinking. Who she might be seeing.

A couple of men booed as their rugby team took another hit. In the corner a couple held hands and snogged.

Sasha took another pull of his beer and grimaced. He knew without a doubt who'd want to be snogging Rose: Gabriel Edwards. The bloody sod. Though to be fair, Edwards was a decent fellow. He was someone that would be good for Rose-boring, but good-and he'd keep her safe from men like Jason. Men like Sasha.

He scratched his jaw. He had no idea what the two of them would talk about. Edwards was as quiet as Rose. She needed someone a bit more social, a bit more charming. A bit more of himself.

"Delusions of grandeur, mate," he mumbled. Rose had made it perfectly clear that she didn't need him. No, her traditions, her small town and her store were what she needed. What she preferred over him.

"God Almighty, Sasha, couldn't you've picked a better place to get up to?" Sebastian sneered in the mirror behind the bar.

Sasha rolled his eyes as his cousin took out a pristine handkerchief and attempted to clean off the sticky counter. "I'd reckoned there's no better place than the one you wouldn't be seen in." He turned toward Sebastian and saluted him with his bottle.

"While I had assumed you'd be off to places more exotic for Fashion Day."

"It's Fashion Week, and I'm not in the mood."

"Really?" Sebastian raised his brows. "There can be only one thing to keep you away from clothes or get you out of them-a woman. Or more precisely Rose Holland."

"You don't have a f**king clue what you're about." Sasha struggled to remain impassive. "But you do know where you can precisely shove it." Slamming his bottle down on the bar counter, he motioned the bartender over and settled up his tab.

"Good to know some things never change," Sebastian said.

"Sod off," Sasha muttered and stumbled out into the freezing November night, leaving his arrogant ass of a cousin behind. He hailed a cab, muttered his address and leaned his head against the back of the seat. When they arrived, he slipped in the deserted townhouse and told himself that it was better this way.

No beast wrapping around his ankles and doing its level best to trip him as he trudged up the stairs and to his bedroom. No baby toys to dodge, or soft lullabies being sung in the middle of the night. No starfish-shaped hands reaching for him. No drooling mouth messing up another shirt, or breaking into a grin.

He certainly didn't miss the smell of night blooming jasmine. Or the way rare smiles would make him feel victorious. Luminous blue eyes that could see to his soul were blocked from every thought. And he sure as hell wouldn't think of how it felt to be inside of her, of how she moaned his name or clutched him to her. Of how much he loved being with Rose.

He loved Rose...Ivy, too.

Looking in the mirror, he shook his head, then shucked off his clothes. A cold bed greeted him. He paused, one knee on the mattress and took a deep breath. This was his life and he'd better get used to it.

Mercifully, sleep claimed him seconds after his head hit the pillow.

***

The worst thing about coming to terms with all the lies Rose had been told was confronting her worst fears.

She'd spent the afternoon digging through the charred remains of Strawberry Grove, hoping to find something worth salvaging. The only thing she found was a half-burnt chest of jewels and pictures in her room. No, not her room-Poppy's room. A room so sacred that as a child she'd hovered in the doorway, watching her mother as she dressed for her dates. Every Poppy had inherited this room. Or so she'd been led to believe.

She had searched and searched for her beloved book. The one that had passed down from one Poppy to the next. The one truth in her life, the abundance of handwritten notes in the margins couldn't have been forged. But she hadn't been able to find it. Good thing she had the majority of it memorized.

Her shoulders drooped a little.

Only she didn't want the memory, she wanted the real thing.

The sun dipped behind the horizon and she pulled her cardigan tighter around her middle.

In her purse she carried an envelope with a check, one that would ease her conscience and free her from Harrison's hold. No matter what kind of deal Azalea had worked out with him, Rose wanted the loan to be paid in full. The legal way, the right way. Every way that neither of her parents had chosen to use.

She pushed the first door opened and entered the bank. This time she let a small smile push at the corners of her lips. More than a few patrons and employees actually smiled back. Her hands shook and her stomach cramped. Maybe Sasha and Skye had been right.

Her father's secretary looked her over and rolled her eyes. "You have an appointment?"

Rose lifted her chin. "Don't need one." She went inside Harrison's office, shutting the door behind her.

Harrison glanced up from his work. "I'd figured you'd come by sooner or later, sugar."

"This is for you." She dug in her purse, pulled out the envelope and set it on his desk. "It's the balance of the loan."

He didn't pick it up, merely looked at her with his cold gray eyes. "Your momma-"

"I don't care what kind of deal the two of you cooked up. I'm paying back the loan. It's done," she said with a firm nod, then turned to walk out the door.

"She wouldn't marry me. Though I asked her at least a dozen times through the years."

Her hand froze on the doorknob. "Why are you telling me this?"

He placed a hand on her shoulder and she fought the urge to shrug it away. "I loved your mother, but she wasn't content with just me."

"You expect me to feel sorry for you?" His hand fell away and she turned to face him.

"I was there when you were born," he said. "She ever tell you that?"

No, her mother had never cast Harrison Collins in any kind of positive light, which had made Rose wonder why Azalea had insisted on Rose seeing him. "What do you think?" She reached for her throat. She couldn't handle any more confessions.

He took off his glasses and tucked them into the front pocket of his shirt. "I'd like to start over with you, Rose. I'm man enough to admit I was wrong." He sat down on the edge of his desk and looked up at her, his eyes filled with pain and regret. "It doesn't have to be right away. You let me know when. This is on your terms."

Rose grabbed the chair in front of her, her knees shaking. "Only in private?"

"You can tell the entire world, Rose."

"I don't understand. All these years you've insisted-"

"Wasn't my idea." Harrison's jaw worked. "That was Azalea's and it was the only way I could see you."

"Why me and you?" She took a deep breath, then another. "Why not Skye and her dad?"

"To get back at me."

"For what?" Rose clutched the top of the chair harder.

"Marrying Lorelei."

"But you said she wouldn't marry you."

"Didn't mean she wanted me to be with someone else." He smiled sadly. "We've tried to get back at each other for years now and I'm done. I'm too old, too tired, and too damn sick of these games, because the only ones getting hurt are my girls."

His girls? Rose wasn't going to touch that last statement. No telling what she'd find out if she did. "Is that why you loaned me the money instead of giving it to me?"

"Would you have taken it?" A knowing look entered his eyes. "One thing you got from me and your momma is pride, honey. There's not a damn thing wrong with wanting to do it your own way."

"That's why I'm paying it off." She glanced around the room, noticing for the first time pictures of her and her sisters tucked into the shelves. "Those new?"

"I'm not ashamed of y'all."

That part of her that wanted to stay forever angry at her dad twisted tight, like a wet cloth being wrung out. She didn't know what to think. The mother who raised her, didn't want her while the father who supposedly shunned her, wanted a relationship in public. But she didn't quite trust him. "I don't want you pushing Jason Everett on me again."

"Insulting him in front of hundreds of people made your point." Harrison frowned. "Did he do something to you?"

She had the absurd notion to tell him exactly what the ass**le had done, so that he could wreak some kind of fatherly vengeance on Jason. "He's not someone I would choose."

"But Romanov is?"

She shrugged and moved to the door again.

"To think I believed Jason when he said the man was g*y," Harrison muttered.

"Jason says lots of things." Rose turned the knob. "I'll need a receipt to show that I've paid off my loan."

"How about you come by tomorrow? I'll take you to lunch, and give it to you then."

"No." She pulled open the door, then looked over her shoulder. Her father's face had fallen, but her next words transformed it. "You can drop it off at Carolina Dreams later this afternoon. I'm trusting you to keep your word." Then she walked slowly out of the bank, her head held high.

Chapter Twenty-Six

Sleep hadn't come easy to Rose for the past week. Her dreams had been filled with images of the crow that had invaded her room... and Sasha, with him needing her and she couldn't shake them. For one horrible moment last night, she'd reached for her cell, then stopped in the nick of time. No good would come of it anyway.

She rolled over in bed and sighed, refusing to acknowledge that a new day had dawned. Yet another one without Sasha and without Ivy.

Heavy breathing and slobbery kisses made Rose's eyes pop open. Warm brown eyes crinkled and a toothless mouth covered her nose.

"Ivy?"

Ivy babbled and grabbed Rose's braid, jerking it around.

She caught the baby up in a hug. "How in the world did you get here?"

"She flew in on a magical carpet."

Rose jumped. "How did you know I was here?" She untangled her hair from Ivy's hand.

"Where else would you be?" Summer sat on the corner of the bed, eyes bloodshot while her make-up was flawless. She swung her tall black boots as she continued, ignoring Rose's question. "She wouldn't quit crying. She wouldn't let me hold her, console her. I tried feeding her, but she refused to take the bottle until she was beyond hungry."

"Ivy likes it a little hotter than lukewarm, but make sure you test it first," Rose said, then looked down at the baby in her arms, feeling guilty and happy when Ivy's eyes crinkled at her like they always did when she was happy.

"See, that's something a mother should know, and I'm not cut out to be one-just like mine."

Rose leaned forward, wanting to take Summer's hand, but something in her sister's face stopped her. "Yes, you are. It takes time to learn what to do."

"No." Summer stood and moved to the fireplace. "Gabriel told me that if I really wanted what was best for Ivy that I should let you adopt her."

"He said that?" Stunned, Rose stared at her sister. Summer was going to let her adopt Ivy? She forced down the hope that dared to take flight in her body. This had to be a dream.

"Among other things." Summer crossed her arms, a frown marring her face. "I think he's half in love with you."

Rose shook her head. "No, he's not."

"He's all the way then."

"Summer, he's not the one for me and you know it," Rose reminded her.

Her sister lifted her nose a little. "Zoe Ambrose?"

"Oh, honey, you know they weren't meant to be. It's not your fault he didn't listen."

"That's because she said it was right. She was the one who claimed they belonged together and I-"

"Momma got most things right," Rose said. "There are plenty of people in this town who-"

"Stop defending her." Summer banged her fist on the mantle and the fire roared to life. "She left you Rose. She left you, me and Skye to fend for ourselves."

"I know, but she paid off the back taxes, and gave us Strawberry Grove." The look on Summer's face kept her from sharing the conversation Rose had had with Azalea.

"Don't let her fool you. She's still the same woman."

Rose couldn't agree more. Azalea was the woman who'd raised her, Summer and Skye, but in the end, Azalea had chosen a new life. One that didn't include any of them, no matter what kind of business deals they did in the future.

Ivy toppled over to one side and Rose grabbed a pillow, placing it beside the baby. Summer placed another one on the opposite side.

"Where's her rabbit?" Rose asked, trying to dispel the tension.

"Diaper bag." Summer moved to the dresser, rummaged through the bag and threw the stuffed animal into her lap.

Ivy began babbling and Rose handed it to her. The stuffed animal went straight into the baby's mouth.

"Gabriel said he knows a lawyer in Wilmington that can help us get through the adoption paperwork. He said the guy's decent and to leave him alone." The mattress dipped slightly under her sister's weight.

"Gabriel or the lawyer?"

Chipped black and red fingernails drew a pattern on the pillow beside Ivy. "I think it's all-encompassing. Don't get too close to the decent ones, they might dump Mary Sue Perfect and where would she be?"

Sympathy for her sister flooded her body. Summer had never had it easy. She had taken on the role of the most popular Holland. Until this moment, Rose thought her sister had enjoyed it. But the bitterness infusing her tone was telling. "Who wants Ms. Perfect?"

Summer flashed her a little smile. "Yeah. I need to get going."

"You're welcome to stay here with me and Ivy." Rose meant it. There wasn't anything she wouldn't do for her sisters.

"There's nothing for me in Holland Springs."

Rose thought of the woman she'd seen in her mind's eye while talking with Gabriel. "Don't be too sure about that."

"I'll have my lawyer contact you."

Enormous relief filled her, hope tangling with it and making her insides dance joyously. Ivy was going to be hers. Forever. Tears spilled over and she didn't bother to hide them. "Thank you. I'll take such good care of her," she managed to choke out. Then a smidgen of guilt pricked her heart. "You sure about this?"

"Do you really think I would've driven Gabriel's truck back to Holland Springs if I wasn't?"

"You stole his truck!" Rose's mouth fell open, then she shut it and wiped the wetness off her cheeks.

Summer gave her a look. "The keys were in the ignition and the tank was full. He went inside to pay for the gas and took too long. Don't worry, I'll give it back. Eventually."

There was really nothing she could do to change her sister's ways and there were many ways about Summer that she had no desire to change. Shaking her head, Rose scooped up Ivy. "Want to kiss her good-bye? Not that you're not welcome to visit."

Summer leaned forward and ruffled the curls on the baby's head. "Send me pictures, okay?"

Ivy latched onto Rose's thumb. "Love you, Summer Rain."

Her sister stood and blew her a kiss. "You, too, Rosebud." She started for the door, then paused. "It wasn't Alexander's fault."

"What?"

Summer turned to face her. "He didn't have anything to do with the fire-that was his uncle. Someone working for him approached me and I needed the money. I made sure everyone was safe before I did it."

Rose's hands began to shake. Relief and hope giving way to rage and fury. The wind began to blow, shaking the walls. Thunder boomed. "You purposefully ruined my life?"

Defiant to the end, Summer tipped her nose in the air. "I set you free."

"I didn't want to be free," Rose shot back, then shook her head. "I mean, I'm not a prisoner. I can leave at whenever I want."

"But you won't. If I couldn't dy***ite your ass away from here, what chance does anyone else have?" Summer gave her a side-eyed glance and frowned. "He asked you to go away with him and you said no."

"He said he owed me," Rose pointed out as the wind settled down. "It was his only reason for asking me to go with him."

"Owed, loved...same thing in my book." Summer strode from the room, closing the door behind her.

***

Much to Rose's shock (and chagrin at lumping everyone together), over the coming weeks people were still stopping by Carolina Dreams, but not to buy her products (which most did anyway). Couples she helped "push" together brought her homemade casseroles, baby furniture and clothes for Ivy; they brought her thank you cards and cheesecake (once word got around from Daisy).

Rose had ended up donating the Jeep to an organization that took old cars that no longer worked, after Carter Ambrose had pronounced it not fit to drive. That same day a delivery van, with the words 'Carolina Dreams' painted on one side had shown up in front of her store. Not even an hour later, a minivan was delivered.

She wasn't sure who'd given her the vehicles, but she was beyond thankful and extremely pleased to be wrong about the people of Holland Springs. Although most of the time she wanted to hide in the office in the back of the store when it got really crowded and everyone started sharing stories of Rose's match-making advice.

Slowly, but surely things were changing for her. For whatever reason, Jason Everett avoided her at all costs (most likely he was afraid she'd comment on his sex skills.). She found herself actually smiling at people when she walked down the street, or did a little shopping in their stores. Many acted like they were genuinely happy to see her and Ivy.

Whether it was her attitude or a realization that not everyone in Holland Springs hated her family, she wasn't quite sure. Maybe a combination of the two.

"Oh no, Ms. Holland, you let these people help you out," Jemma Leigh teased when she walked in and caught her gathering items to donate to Goodwill.

Sage Caswell walked in behind her, soft gray eyes shining. "We brought lunch." She held up a large bag and shook it. "And no Bernice."

The three of them sat on a blanket behind the counter, eating sandwiches and watching Ivy trying to crawl.

Jemma Leigh grinned at her, then tucked a chunk of blonde hair behind her ear. "How does it feel to have Ivy back?"

"Like my family's complete." Well, almost. She wished both of her sisters were with her...and sometimes, late at night, she wished Sasha was with her, too. Yesterday she had received a package in the mail. When she had opened it, she had been shocked to find a half-nude painting of Poppy Holland. The note accompanying it, however, had erased her shock and pinched her heart.

For your eyes only, it had read. She had known exactly who it was from. Although how he'd found it was a mystery she wasn't quite sure she wanted to solve.

"You shouldn't feel bad about people helping you," Sage said, thankfully misinterpreting her melancholy mood. "Everyone wanted to do something."

Rose tilted her head to the side. "Everyone?"

"Everyone who counts." Jemma Leigh clarified with a smile and Sage nodded. "People you've helped and then some." She finished the last of her sandwich and washed it down with a bottle of water.

"Not Nahalah Industries," Jemma Leigh added, when she noticed Rose eying the bottle.

"I wasn't going to say anything."

"You didn't have to," Jemma Leigh laughed and began to clean up. "Momma said to tell you that anytime you need a babysitter to call her."

"Or me," Sage volunteered. She leaned over and gave Ivy her stuffed rabbit. "I love babies."

"Tell her thank you." Rose smiled, then turned to Sage. "You, too."

Sage made a little noise. "But you won't take the offers, will you?"

Rose bit her lip and shook her head.

"But you'll have to for my bachelorette party," Jemma Leigh declared. "Bernice's not invited, because it's my only day without bitchy women."

Rose laughed and Sage cheered.

Soon, too soon really, their lunch was over and Ivy's eyes had drifted shut. The baby's tummy was full and her shirt sleeve had the dried remnants of pureed peas on it. Cheerios from a game called 'watch Ivy try to fit as many as possible in her mouth at one time' littered the outer edges of her blanket. But Rose didn't mind. A mess made by Ivy meant Ivy was still here, still hers and with the way things were going, forever hers.

Her life was complete. It was exactly as it should be-except for the ache in her heart.

Chapter Twenty-Seven

November faded into December. The autumn leaves fell to the ground, leaving bare limbs in their place.

Most days Rose's life was so filled with piecing everything back together and tending to Ivy that she barely had time to herself. But when she did, Sasha filled every nook and cranny of her mind. He was a constant dream, one that hadn't faded with time. Her traitorous heart still yearned for him.

She missed his energy, his humor...his kisses. The way he dressed and how he talked to Ivy like an adult.

The way he had gazed at her the first time they made love.

"Want a slice to go?" Daisy asked, jolting Rose out of her daydreaming.

"No thanks."

"I'm closing in about ten minutes but you two feel free to stay in here as long as you like," the baker offered, a friendly smile on her face. "I need to finish making a menu for a wedding reception I'm catering."

Rose smiled back. She had always liked Daisy and had admired her for keeping her business open through a struggling economy. "That's wonderful."

"It'll be even more wonderful when I hire someone to be my assistant."

"I'll keep an eye out for you," Rose said as Daisy moved behind the counter and called out her thanks.

Rose looked at Ivy. The baby sat in a highchair, gnawing on a bagel and drooling like crazy. Just last week her first tooth had popped through, but she still hadn't said her first word. Mainly Ivy liked to coo and babble at the rabbit Sasha had bought her.

A hunk of bagel fell to the floor and Ivy leaned over to look at the mess. Grinning, she threw the rest after it and gurgled with glee.

Rose smiled. "Guess you're done with that." She used a paper napkin to clean up the baby's mess.

After wishing Daisy a Merry Christmas, Rose bundled Ivy up and headed outside. She walked along Broad Street, stopping every so often to point out holiday displays to Ivy.

Turning onto Ivy Lane, she squared her shoulders and adjusted the baby on her hip, trying not to notice Sasha's fake store. It was an empty space except a 'for sale' sign had been in the window since the end of November. The clothes and money he raised had been split between Gabriel's organization and the women's shelter.

According to Jemma Leigh, that had been Sasha's doing and he wanted to keep things quiet. So, of course, the realtor told everyone. Jemma Leigh Jackson had never kept a secret in her life.

Rose's heart pinched as she thought of Sasha. What he was doing for Christmas? Who would he spend it with? The woman inside of her shouted that it should be Rose. That Rose should woman up, find out where Sasha was and go to him. Obviously, the woman inside of her had lost her mind.

Or had she?

She froze in her tracks. Maybe that's exactly what she should do. She could call Sasha's cousin, Christian, and ask him. Then go online, get some tickets and find a hotel. Her body trembled with excitement and she started for her store.

"Rose Holland?"

She turned, unease racing down her spine as she found Christian Romanov standing in front of her, his famous smile nowhere to be found and his pale eyes serious.

Gasping, she clutched his hand. "Has something happened to Sasha? To his momma?"

Christian nodded. "We buried Phoebe a month ago."

She stood on the balls of her feet, looking over Christian's shoulder for some sign of Sasha. "Is he okay?"

"Alexander's not...himself." Christian rocked back on his heels.

"Take me to him," she said without hesitation. Fate was smiling down on her today. Excitement zipped through her, making her knees wobbly. She steadied them and smiled.

"Brilliant." Christian clapped his hands and rubbed them together, a gesture so familiar that it made her body ache. "Let's go."

A black Mercedes with sleek lines idled by the curb, its driver waiting by the back passenger side door. Rose let Christian guide her by the elbow.

"Where are we going?" She didn't know why she bothered to ask. Nothing matter but getting to Sasha.

Ivy waved her arms at Christian, making happy noises.

"To merry old England." He grinned and tweaked Ivy's nose.

Reality crashed over her, making her shoulders droop. "But I don't have a passport and neither does Ivy."

Christian ushered her into a waiting car, the warmth of the heater a welcome changed from the frigid winter air. "It's all been taken care of." He sat down on the seat across from her and handed her two thin, blue booklets.

"But what about tickets?"

"Taken care of."

The limo driver turned the Mercedes onto a private airfield, a white jet with the words Romanov Industries painted on the tail waiting at the edge of the runway.

"Why didn't I think of that?" she mumbled and pressed a kiss to Ivy's head.

Not until they were halfway across the Atlantic did she start to panic. "We don't have any clothes, or a car seat...or extra bottles. I only have the stuff in my diaper bag. And who will feed Blackbeard?"

Christian played on his phone, not bothering to look up. "It's been taken care of."

"'Course it has." Dazed, she settled back in the leather seat. "How did you know I'd say yes?"

"Call it a man's intuition," Christian said and she rolled her eyes.

With only three hours until Heathrow, Rose made herself take a nap with Ivy in one of the bedrooms on the plane. A circle of pillows corralled the baby on all sides.

The next thing she knew, the sun was shining through her window and a flight attendant was knocking on her door while saying, "We're about to land, Ms. Holland."

Ivy stirred. Rose quickly changed the baby's diaper before finding her seat. Christian still sat in his, his head lolling to one side. He mumbled something about angry birds and thieving pigs in his sleep.

The first bounce woke Christian.

The second had her clutching Ivy to her chest, until they disembarked the plane.

"Happy Christmas Eve." Christian guided her to yet another waiting Mercedes. There was a car seat for Ivy. Hot chocolate steamed in the cup holder by the window.

"What exactly is going on with Sasha?" She buckled Ivy in and adjusted the straps, then passed the baby her stuffed rabbit.

Christian gave her an enigmatic look. "You'll be able to see for yourself."

"Are you taking me to him, or are we meeting him somewhere?"

"I'm certainly not taking you home with me." He pulled out his cell, ran his forefinger over the keypad and put it back in his coat pocket. "Won't be long now." Then he promptly fell back asleep.

Rose hid a smile behind the mug of hot chocolate.

The car wove in and out of traffic, sights flying by faster than she could catch a decent glimpse. She wanted to wake Christian up to ask him what part of London were they in, but he obviously needed his beauty sleep.

She sipped at the warm drink, the rich chocolate warming her insides, but it did nothing to bolster her nerves. Maybe he wouldn't be happy to see her, or even want her help. Her love. Maybe he'd settled into his new life and didn't need anyone, least of all the woman who'd rejected him. The cup trembled in her hands and she had to set it down before it slipped out of her damp palms.

Glancing at Ivy, she found the rabbit in the baby's mouth, her eyes slowly opening and closing. "Sleepy girl," Rose whispered.

Another left turn and the limo stopped in front of a light-colored wall made from ancient-looking stones. The gates opened and the limo drove down a pebbly path, halting beside an elaborately carved water fountain. The driver opened the door, a gust of icy air gnawing at the warmth and waking Christian.

Before she knew it, he'd helped her out of the car, handed off Ivy and deposited four suitcases and a trunk with the initials LV at the bottom of a huge set of doors. Her head swam at the sight of luggage that cost more than what she made in a month.

"Good luck." He rapped on the door.

Her eyes rounded. "He doesn't know I'm here, does he?"

"Intelligent women-how would we get on without them?" He winked and slid back inside the car.

"Ma'am." The driver tipped his hat to her and shut the door.

All she could do was stare as he drove away.

"Can I help you?"

Rose jumped and whirled around, finding a man in a starched gray suit who looked to be at least a hundred years old-if that young. "Uh, I...I'm Rose Holland and this is Ivy."

"Pemberly, ma'am. Right this way." He motioned for her to follow him inside.

Two men rushed outside to grab her suitcases, trunk and Ivy's car seat.

"Take those to the Yellow Room," Pemberly ordered as they walked inside with her things.

The doors closed behind her, sealing her fate.

Taking a deep breath, she said, "Where's Sasha, I mean, Mr. Romanov?"

"He'll be along shortly."

The doors banged open and Rose backed up, hiding in the shadows.

"Balmy weather, my arse," Sasha grumbled as he unbuttoned his jacket.

Her heart jumped so high into her throat that she almost choked on it. If he were in such a bad way, then why did he look so good? Had Christian lied to her?

"You have visitors," Pemberly intoned.

Sasha glanced around the impressive foyer. "Attention to detail is why I keep you around, Pemberly." He hadn't seen her.

But she saw him. His golden hair and bronze skin. Sexy eyes and broad shoulders. The way he wore a button-down shirt and slacks. The way he grinned when the butler managed to look even haughtier than she thought possible.

Switching the baby to her other hip, Rose wished for a hole to open up in the floor and swallow her. Of course he wasn't in a bad way. Not that she expected him to be walking around, wringing his hands and looking like hell. But she wasn't prepared for the bone-deep pain it caused her to view him like this. And she couldn't hide out in the corner until he left. Heck, she was surprised Ivy hadn't given them away by now.

Before Rose's courage could fail, she took a deep breath and stepped into the light. "He means us."

Ivy babbled and extended her arms, reaching for the man Rose knew without a doubt the baby loved.

The coat fell from Sasha's hand, missing Pemberly's outstretched fingers and hit the floor. Along with his heart, his stomach and every other internal organ as pure astonishment replaced them.

He turned to face her and swallowed. "Rosebud...and Ivy? But I thought Summer had her." She had to be a mirage. There was no way in hell Rose would be standing in the middle of his foyer, looking achingly beautiful and holding his sweet Ivy.

He'd honestly thought the baby had been lost to Rose. There had been a time, after his mother died, that he considered going to Summer and persuading her to give Ivy back. But Rose wouldn't have appreciated his interference.

"Summer signed adoption papers." Blue eyes regarded him warily. "Ivy's my daughter now."

"I'm happy for you," he said simply. However, the aching spot she occupied in his heart reminded him of just how unhappy he'd been. Until now. Joy threatened to consume him, but the woman he loved didn't look quite so smitten with him. "When...how...why are you here?"

She glanced away. "Christian flew us here."

"Christian's in Fiji. Apparently they haven't outgrown the whole twin switcheroo bit."

"That was his brother?"

"Apparently, Scrooge, er, Sebastian, got a bit of the Christmas spirit in him." He narrowed his eyes. "He didn't flirt with you, did he?"

Rose shook her head. "No, he slept most of the time and played a game on his phone. The plane ride was a little bouncy but nice. Ivy and I had a little nap. There was a big bed. It was soft and I drank hot chocolate in the limo."

Sasha bit back a smile at her nervous ramblings. "Did you come to spend Christmas with me?"

Pemberly sailed away, Sasha's coat in his hand.

"I came to help you." She still wouldn't look at him. "Your cousin said you weren't doing too good since your momma died."

His heart sank a little. "That's the only reason?"

Ivy wiggled and squirmed until Rose knelt down and placed her on the floor. "Should there be another?"

Well, he had hoped for more. As soon as he'd seen her, he'd thought she'd come to tell him she wanted to be with him. He didn't need anything else but that.

Rose kissed Ivy's head. The baby got on all fours, rocking back and forth.

Who was he kidding? He wanted everything from Rose, especially her love and trust. But those things took time. Lucky for them both, he had plenty of time. Of freedom to do whatever he wanted. Be with whomever he wanted.

The baby did some sort of army crawl, inching Sasha's way. He couldn't keep the smile off of his face. "Ivy's crawling!"

"Kinda."

He knelt on the floor, torn between the fascination of watching her show off her new skills and wanting to hold her in his arms. Her mother, too. "She's gotten so big."

"Could you call a cab for me, please?" Rose asked and he jerked his head up.

"Why?"

"I need a ride to Heathrow. I think your cousin pulled a fast one on me."

Panicking, he mentally raced through a plethora of ideas and blurted out the first one that sounded sane. "At least stay until lunch. Let Ivy get her morning nap, and you get one too."

"I'm not tired."

Sasha searched her face. No, she didn't look tired. She looked exhausted and slightly scared. Not that he could blame her. He was terrified that she'd leave. "It's Christmas Eve, love. You'll be lucky to find a place to sit for the next twenty-four hours, much less a plane ticket."

"I'll get a hotel room."

Undeterred he said, "You can stay in one of the fifteen-"

"Twenty-two." Pemberly brought in a tray of snacks, set it between Sasha and Rose and disappeared to only he knew where, acting like two adults kneeling in the middle of the foyer with a baby crawling around was a regular occurrence. Bless him.

"What he said." He scooped up Ivy and kissed her forehead. She tried to bite his nose with her one tooth. "It's been awhile, but does the tooth fairy leave money for when a tooth comes in?" He'd missed so much, but for damn sure he wouldn't miss anything else.

Rose bit her lip. "I don't know."

"I'm sure we can look it up online and check," he said with a shrug.

"I meant about staying here." Rose closed her eyes and shook her head.

"Tea?"

Her eyes popped open. "No, thank you."

"Pemberly can charge you twice what'd you pay at Claridge's, if it'd make you feel better."

One of her rare smiles pushed at the corners of her lips, then to his eternal gratitude she sat down on the floor, crisscrossing her legs in front of her. "How are things?"

The breath he'd been holding in rushed out. "I'm not working for my uncle anymore. I quit, before my mum died."

"That's...good. And sad about your mom."

"It surprised Vladimir so much that he had a stroke."

"Is he okay?"

An image of Childers' stark hospital rooms sprang to mind. "He's not dead." Yet.

"Your house is pretty."

"Thank you."

She looked up at the ceiling, then the walls and back at him. "Every building on Broad Street could fit in here with room to spare."

"I thought it was rather Wayne Manor-like." At her questioning look, "You know, from the movie Batman."

"I never saw that one."

This was not how he envisioned a reunion with Rose. Stilted questions and abbreviated answers. Sighing, he placed Ivy back on the floor, sitting up. She grabbed his thumbs and bit down on one, her sharp tooth pinching. "Holy-" He clamped his mouth shut and gently pried his thumb out.

"Give Ivy her bunny to gnaw on." Rose threw the stuffed animal at him.

He caught it easily, then gestured to the snacks and tea. "Help yourself."

"Thank you." But she didn't move from her spot on the floor.

The silence grew, heavy and awkward.

"You doing okay with your mom passing?" she finally asked.

"I'd been preparing for it for a really long time, or I thought I had," he confessed and sat down, stretching his legs out on either side of Ivy. "But every day it gets easier. And I did have three weeks with her. No one lording anything over my head."

She gave him a sympathetic smile as Ivy crawled over his leg. He grabbed the baby and set her back between them.

"I heard you're partnering with Barbara's Bugs," he said.

Rose nodded and traced a pattern on the marble floor. "Barbara is Azalea, my mother. She has a whole new life with kids and a husband. My sisters and I...and Ivy aren't going to be a part of it." She looked up at him. "Did you know?"

"No." The temptation to take her in his arms nearly overwhelmed him. "I'm sorry it didn't work out the way you wanted."

She shrugged lightly. "It is what it is."

"I've missed you," he said softly and her eyes flew to his.

A heartbeat later she replied, "I missed you, too." Her black lashes lowered, hiding her thoughts from him.

His heart pounded so loudly in his chest that Rose had to be able to hear it. He would tell her now. Confess his soul. It was what he should have done months ago. "Rosebud, I-"

Ivy began to fuss, throwing her rabbit on the floor.

Bloody perfect timing, he thought wryly.

Rose jumped to feet. "She needs a nap."

"Follow me," Pemberly said, moving to the stairs. "We've set up a nursery of sorts."

"Don't forget to charge Ms. Holland extra for that," Sasha said and Rose rolled her eyes.

Pemberly continued his trek.

"I don't think he thinks you're funny." Rose grabbed her bag.

"He's laughing on the inside, love. Where it counts." Sasha picked up Ivy. She snuggled against him, her familiar baby scent making his heart turn over. He followed the butler, Rose close behind him.

After they'd gotten Ivy tucked in and Pemberly went on his way, Rose softly closed the door and stood in front of it. Not moving. Not saying anything, actually. He couldn't stop staring at her. At her lovely face, her beautiful eyes and the rise and fall of her br**sts beneath her sweater.

He stepped closer. Lights flickered in the hallway and he gave her a slow smile. "I had this house inspected from top to bottom before I bought it, and there's no faulty wiring." He braced his hands against the door on either side of her head.

She licked her perfect lips. "It's not me."

"So you say." Lowering his head, their mouths became dangerously close. "But I believe otherwise."

"I-I thought you didn't believe in my hocus-pocus.".

"Everything you to do me is magic." He pulled one of his hands away and traced her jaw. "Spend Christmas night...with me."

Chapter Twenty-Eight

Rose breathed him in, luxuriating in his nearness. She knew exactly where Sasha wanted her to spend the night-in his bed. "Just one night-that's all?"

"If that's what you want." His hand drifted lower, dipping beneath the collar of her sweater and turning her flesh hot.

What she wanted was more. She wanted forever, but maybe he didn't. Maybe she was a fool for even coming here. "Because you still owe me?"

His heated gaze followed the path of her tongue as she licked her lips again. "Poor choice of words."

"Are you seeing anyone else?"

Giving her an annoyed look, he stepped away. "Do you actually think I'd invite you to spend the night with me if I were?"

Hope blossomed in her heart. "I think...I..." She tried to get out the words, but they wouldn't come.

He rubbed the back of his neck and she saw a glimmer of a gold chain as it rose with his movements. He still wore the cross. She smiled and tears flooded her eyes, but he'd turned and walked away.

"Stay as long as you like, love," he called out. "I'm going...somewhere."

"I love you," Rose cried out and he froze. "I love you, Sasha. And I want to be with you. Every minute of every day. "

He turned around, his eyes narrowed and his stride purposeful. His long legs ate up the distance between them. "You can't take it back. I won't let you."

"I don't want to take it back." She grabbed his shirt and pulled him closer. "I love you. Come home with me and Ivy. Be with me. Marry me." Rose didn't care if she sounded ridiculous. She had to get the words out, even if it meant she scared the crap out of him while doing it. Forget scaring him; she'd never been so petrified in her life.

But Sasha didn't run away. He stayed firmly planted in front of her, his sexy green eyes full of emotions that she hoped to God were ones that mirrored hers.

He lifted a golden brow. "Marry you?"

"You don't have to take my last name," she said quickly.

"Am I to be Ivy's dad?"

"I'd like for you to be."

"I have to warn you that I'm the jealous sort," he said, his voice gruff. "And I insist on staying home with the baby while you work."

She couldn't help the giggle that slipped out. "Is that a yes?"

"I love you, Rosebud."

A thrill of joy ran through her entire body. "That's not an answer."

"Yes, a million times, yes." He kissed her long and hard, until she was breathless. "How's that?"

"I think we need to quit asking each other so many questions." She rose on her toes and kissed him again, trailing her lips along his jaw and chin. His arms came around her, pulling her flush against him. "Where's your room?"

Sasha half-drug, half-carried her to a room three doors down from Ivy's, the baby monitor clipped to her back pocket bumping against her.

He set her down on her feet and just looked at her, as if trying to memorize her face, then he claimed her mouth in a kiss so searing that her clothes should have been on fire. Her lashes fluttered and his hands were on her, pulling and tugging. Turning her one way, then another. When she finally opened her eyes, she looked down to find that neither of them had on any clothing.

He held out his hand. It visibly shook. "Do you see what you do to me?" He produced a condom, flashing her a grin and wiggling his brows. "Sleight of hand."

Her own body trembled in response as he rolled it over his erection, then his mouth was on hers. She touched him everywhere, caressing and smoothing her palms over his chest, his back.

She tugged on his nipple rings with her teeth, licking at them and making him groan. She stroked the hard length of him, running her nails over the heavy sacs beneath it.

He spun her around, kissing and licking his way up her back as he told her how much he'd missed her and all the ways he would make it up to her.

"Every night, Rose...hell, several times a day if that's what it takes," he said between heated kisses on her neck. Then he whirled her around, his golden head bent over hers as he traced the curves of her body. "Perfection, utter perfection in every way."

She could only smile, unable to speak. Words had never come easy for her, not like Sasha. That had never been her gift. But she knew in her soul that he meant them. Every. Last. Word.

"I love you," she said. "I'll tell you several times a day."

He gave her a heart-stopping smile. "I'll hold you to that." Then his hands were in her hair, behind her head and gently tilting her face to his. He sealed his lips to hers, drinking her in and feeding her desire.

She dug her nails into his muscular shoulders. The cool, smooth texture of a wall behind her back startled her and she gasped. He used that moment to slide his talented tongue inside of her mouth while his hands drifted from her neck to her br**sts, teasing her ni**les and rolling them between his fingers.

Letting go of her br**sts, he leaned forward and she heard something crash to the floor. He lifted her, placing her on the top of the low dresser, the wood cold on her thighs and butt.

Pulling away she glanced at the floor, eyes widening at the mess he'd made. Then she looked up at him.

"Been meaning to redecorate this room," he said with a grin. A dangerous hand drifted lower, skimming her stomach and cupping her where she ached. Where she throbbed. Where she grew so wet for him.

She no longer cared what he did to the floor, only to her.

He lifted her thighs, wrapping them around his lean hips. "Look at me, Rosebud."

Her eyes felt so heavy, so drug-induced with love-sex-magic that she could barely open them. He penetrated her in a glide so slow and smooth that it made her want to scream and sigh at the same time. He was hot and thick where they were joined.

And he was hers. Completely. Forever.

He thrust inside of her, over and over. His rhythm steady, unlike the frantic beating of her heart. She gripped his shoulders tighter and buried her face in his neck, licking and scraping at his throat.

"I love you," he said and angled his body in such a way that every roll of his hips made his groin touch her in just the right spot.

Her toes curled-Oh, God, was it ever the right spot-and her thighs gripped him tighter. She was so close, so...her head fell back as her body soared. She might have called out his name or God's. Probably both. His hands cupped her butt, his breath harsh in her ear and he moved faster, harder.

"I love you," she whispered. "I love you, love you, Sasha."

He thrust a final time, deeper than ever before and held himself still as she pulsated around him. His forehead dropped to hers, his chest heaving while he breathed in great gulps of air.

"Sorry, I couldn't make it to the bed," he panted.

A trickle of sweat zigzagged down the valley between her br**sts. "I don't care." She laughed.

Still joined, he walked to his bed and let her tumble away from him. A minute later, he joined her, enfolding her in his arms as they sank into a mattress that felt more like a cloud. Something cool and hard slipped over her fourth finger and she furrowed her brows. Holding her hand up in the light, a yellow diamond shone brilliantly in the light streaming from the windows.

Now it was her turn to sound like a newspaper reporter. "How...what...when?"

Giving her a wicked smile, he said, "Don't look so shocked, love. When one wants to marry a Holland, one must learn a few tricks to keep her on her toes. I had planned on returning to Holland Springs and wooing you properly, but my plans were thwarted."

She shook her head, her breath hitching in her throat. "I love you, Sasha."

"Call me Mr. Holland," he said and she couldn't keep the tears from falling. He kissed them away. "We'll rebuild Strawberry Grove-so long as you let me do all the decorating."

He couldn't be serious. This was almost too much happiness for one day. "You'll live in Holland Springs with me?"

"I'll live anywhere with you and Ivy."

She smiled through the last of her tears as they drifted off to sleep with one another.

They woke up to Ivy babbling over the baby monitor.

"I'll get her." Sasha leapt out of bed, grabbed some pajama bottoms and hopped out of the room as he put them on. He came back with Ivy a few minutes later and joined Rose in bed, placing the baby between them.

Rose sighed contentedly. "My family's complete."

"Our family's complete," he said, then he kissed her.

Epilogue

The town square of Holland Springs was awash in pinks, reds, and greens. All in honor of Mother's Day and ripe strawberries. There was a Strawberry Queen, a pie-eating contest, and a strawberry-picking contest. Not wanting to ruin his vintage McQueen shirt, Sasha had opted out of the last two, and had been unable to cajole Rose into running for the first event.

He watched as his daughter toddled around Daisy's display of cheesecake slices.

"Get what you like, darling," he called out.

A feminine hand clasped his and he turned his head. Rose stood by his side, beautiful blue eyes shining as she smiled. Her booth's merchandise had sold out within an hour of opening. Carolina Dreams was more popular than ever and so were Rose's famed match-making skills. She'd sent seven couples in the last three months to the spring and all seven had come back engaged.

"Ivy, come away from there before you knock something over."

Ivy's bright yellow bow quivered in her hair as she ran to them, chubby little legs fast and sure. "Mummy!"

Rose caught Ivy up with in hug, then set her down and smoothed out her skirt.

"A one year old doesn't need cheesecake," Rose pointed out, a slight smile on her red lips

"She's nearly two." At Rose's frown, he quickly said, "I wasn't actually going to let her have any."

Ivy's little brow furrowed as she tugged at Rose's Dior skirt, then pointed at the booth. "Eat cake, daddy!"

"Really?" Rose crossed her arms over her chest.

He gave Rose his most innocent look. "I wanted it to be a surprise for you." He walked over to Daisy and threw out his arms, waving his hands at the display. "Surprise."

"'Prise," Ivy shouted, mimicking him.

Daisy shook her head, bright orange strands slid to one side and she tucked them behind an ear. "You've already eaten two slices. Pay up."

Rose snorted and took Ivy's hand. "Let's go before daddy thinks of any more surprises that get him in trouble."

It warmed his heart to see the two of them together. So close, so loving...and stylishly dressed. There was something to be said about a man who was content. Who was in love and completely infatuated with his wife. With his daughter. With his entire life.

He loved taking care of Ivy and staying abreast of the progress of the hospital being built in his mother's old village. Bringing Rose lunch was one of the highlights of his day. Having her in his bed every night was beyond compare.

Rose glanced at him over her shoulder, curly black hair tumbling down her back and her yellow diamond ring catching the sun. "Let's go, Mr. Holland."

"Be right there, love." Tonight he would really surprise Rose by taking her away on a belated honeymoon. And Ivy, of course. He glanced down at his own wedding band, then grinned and strolled after them.

