Chapter One

Bella Edwards had to be the most disloyal friend ever. How else could she explain the idiotic need to introduce herself to the man who was her best friend's ex's best friend? Though she really wasn't breaking any best friend rules, or going after a man Daisy had dated.

Bella shook her head. Reason away all she wanted, but in the end, only a disloyal friend would contemplate going after the best friend of the man who had broken her best friend's heart.

Plain and simple. Unlike her thought process.

She sighed, and then looked around for Daisy. She was walking across the beautifully decorated backyard, with a serving tray in one hand. She looked beautiful, sad, and slightly green.

The poor thing.

Striding to her, she intercepted Daisy at the back door to the house.

"You doing okay?" Isabella asked. "Not overdoing yourself? Are you drinking enough water?"

Daisy gave her a patented stop-being-so-overbearing look. "I'm fine. Thanks for checking on me."

Bella narrowed her eyes, not believing the fine pronouncement. She wanted to call her bluff, but knew it would do no good. Instead, she handed Daisy her glass of ice water, then crossed her arms and tapped her foot.

This time, Daisy glared at her, but Bella knew it was in a loving way, and drank every last bit down.

"There," Daisy said. "Anything else, Dr. Edwards?"

"For you to sit down for more than five minutes." Seriously, Daisy had been going a hundred miles an hour since the wedding started. Now, that the reception was in full swing, she'd revved up the speed to two hundred, at least. All because the man, who was the source of her best friend's misery, was here, walking around like some Prince Charming in search of his princess.

Stupid man.

Actually, stupid men. Every last one of them. Her ex-fiance was almost as bad as Daisy's, having run off with his own stepmother to Vegas. It had been all over the news.

No. She wouldn't think of that lying, no-good bastard Peter. She didn't care if her thoughts were not very Christian-like or kind. She couldn't forgive him right now, because she still wasn't over his betrayal.

"I'm pregnant, not dying," Daisy pointed out.

"Just wait until the morning sickness," Bella said without thinking.

"Because you've experienced it how many times?"

Nice, Daisy, she wanted to snap. Then again, didn't her best friend believe that she, Isabella Edwards, daughter of Pastor John Edwards, was as pure as the driven snow? That she was saving herself for marriage and had never, ever had anything bad happen to her, until a few months ago?

So instead of snapping for no good reason, Bella rolled her eyes and smiled. "Fine. I'll stop being so pushy, but are you sure you're okay-emotionally, I mean?" Really, no matter what had happened to her in the past, she couldn't stand seeing Daisy hurt. At all. She loved her best friend more than anything, and she only wanted the best for her. And if the best included stabbing the dumbtail earl who'd gotten Daisy pregnant, then she'd be all over that.

Daisy started talking again, but Bella listened with half an ear because he was staring. Liam's dark gaze raked over her, a wicked smile touching his mouth. Her knees went weak, and she became hot all over. Oh gosh, she couldn't be doing this. She shouldn't be doing this, no matter how innocent her gaze was.

Daisy's gaze bounced from her to Liam and then back again. Bella flushed.

Stay calm. "Who is that?" she asked, with just enough interest in her voice so she wouldn't be entirely deceptive. She knew exactly who he was.

"Liam Stewart, best friend of my baby's daddy."

Despite everything, disappointment assailed her. Stupid, Bella. All men are wrong for you, especially that one. "Oh, never mind, then."

Suddenly, Daisy grinned. "It wouldn't be disloyal of you to dance with the man, if you want. I heard from Zoe that his fiancee left him for another man. So... you two have a lot in common."

Feeling even lower than low, a surge of hope flowed through her body. He was unattached and, best of all, Daisy didn't care. Still... the right thing would be to refuse. Only, she couldn't stop staring at him. At his sexy smile, at his lean body, at the way he wore his suit, or the fact that he was incredibly handsome. He was undeniably powerful, the in-charge type who probably wanted his way with everything-how else could he be friends with a Romanov?

And totally Not. Her. Type.

"Doubtful."

"I need to go inside and take a little break, okay?"

Bella nodded. "Make it a long break."

Daisy practically ran inside, and Bella broke off eye contact with Liam long enough to see what would make Daisy leave in such a hurry. She frowned as Sebastian Romanov practically barreled into her.

She held up a hand. "Oh, no you don't."

The blond man stopped mid-stride and had the gall to look down his nose at her. His lips thinned. Yeah, he was hot, and charming, and lest she forget, a complete butthole to her best friend.

"Isabella, how nice to see you." His teeth practically bit out the word nice, like it was a foreign concept to him.

"Wish I could say the same," she said sweetly.

He moved to one side, and so did she to block him. "If you'll allow me to-"

"To what-hurt my best friend? Make her more miserable than ever? I think you've done enough," she said flatly.

The man's haughty facade faded. "Thank you for making her drink some water," he said quietly. "I'm quite concerned she's doing too much. You're a great friend to her, Isabella."

Well, that took the wind out of her outrage-sails. "What do you have planned?"

"To win her back?" His vibrant blue eyes were focused on the door, bare longing in his gaze.

"Yes, what do you plan on doing?" she repeated.

"I plan on winning her back."

She blinked. "That's it?"

He smiled, gorgeously sexy. "I have a few other methods I plan to employ."

"Good," she said. "But leave her alone for a while. This is the first break she's taken, and I think if you start your plan to win her, then she'll make herself sick."

Sebastian muttered a curse. "You're correct, of course. I'll make myself scarce. Until later, then." With that, he strode away, and Bella watched him go, wondering if she should have demanded he make up with Daisy right this minute.

"Excuse me?" a man said, his Scottish accent lilting.

Her knees trembled, but she refused to let it show. Instead, she tossed her head and looked at the man. "Yes?"

"You're Isabella Edwards."

"And you're Liam Stewart." She wanted to smack herself for sounding so eager. She should sound like a harpy, like a woman righteously mad for her best friend.

"My reputation precedes me, then." Raising a glass of champagne to his full lips, he took a sip. And Bella watched the entire time.

She flushed when a black brow rose. "No, only your associations."

"Ah. Sebastian. He's a proper arse, isn't he?"

Bella snorted, and then schooled her features. He was not funny or charming. Not one bit. "Why aren't you on his side?"

"I am on his side. The bastard's in love, bless him, and your Daisy doesn't stand a chance now that his head is screwed on straight," Liam said. He placed his empty glass on a passing server's tray, and then held out a hand. "Shall we dance, lass?"

Bella wasn't quite sure what made her dance with Liam.

His hand slipped lower down her back, to right above her butt, and she shivered.

Oh, she knew exactly what had made her dance with him. The Devil.

And a bit of rebellion.

Usually, she was a very good girl, who dated very good boys-at least on the outside Peter had been nice-and always, always did the right thing. God knew she had everyone and her parents' standards to live up to.

But to be fair, her mother and her father were dancing not that far away and every so often, they would flash a smile of approval. Not because of who she was dancing with, but rather that she was dancing at all.

She hadn't felt like dancing in months, years maybe, because Peter certainly didn't dance.

Liam dipped her suddenly, and her head fell back. She laughed, giddy by the movement. Exhilaration ran through her veins.

He pulled her back to him, his black eyes glittering with amusement. "I had wondered if the scowl was permanent, or merely a side effect of being in my presence."

"Sorry." Bella wrinkled her nose. "I was all in my head."

"Thinking of the best way to extricate yourself from my embrace?" he murmured.

Her eyes widened. "No."

He gave her a look.

"No," she repeated. "Honestly, I was thinking that I haven't danced in years. Or at least, it seems like years."

"It doesn't seem that way to me at all," he replied smoothly, "You, Ms. Edwards, are very light on your toes."

"Years of ballet at Miss Winnifred's School of Dance," she said with a grin. "That woman worked us to death on our posture... you know, for our future walk down the aisle."

Liam made a face, as if she'd just admitted she hated puppies or kittens. "Is that the way of it, then? To train women from birth to want only weddings and men?"

Slightly affronted, Bella blinked up at him. He knew nothing of Miss Winnifred, or the fact that she'd never gotten married, because her fiance had died in a war and she'd been too heartbroken to love again.

Bless her heart.

"There's nothing wrong with wanting to get married. Or wanting men, for that matter. Little girls like to imagine things like that, or even starting a detective agency," she snapped.

She had. She'd wanted to be a female Sherlock Holmes. Daisy had been her Watson. Or Mrs. Hudson, since she cooked. Either way, Bella didn't see the harm of imagining completely girly things along with not-so-girly things.

He gave her a smile, the look completely gone. "I apologize. My lack of manners is to be clearly blamed on jet lag."

She smiled back, dazzled by him. "Happens to the best of us."

"Yes, but to me, it happens more often than not, with... well, I'm sure you don't want to hear the particulars, but my fiancee left me for another man," he confessed, and Bella's heart began to ache for him.

"I know exactly how you feel," she said.

"Your fiance left you for a man, too?" he asked glibly and, for the first time in months, Bella laughed over her situation.

"No." She winced a little. "He left me for his widowed stepmother."

"Ouch."

She worried the side of her lip. "Ran off to Vegas and everything. It was on the news."

He spun her around and pulled her back in, their chests flush against one another. "Now, that sounds extremely painful."

"Text message breakup," she said, a flash of the old hurt cutting into her wounded heart. "But maybe it was for the best. All he wanted was money, power, and his dad's baseball team."

"Baseball team?" Liam asked, clearly perplexed.

"My ex's family owns a Major League baseball team. When his dad died, he left it to his wife. The money, he left to Peter. Apparently, that wasn't enough," she said softly. "I wasn't enough."

Out of the corner of her eye, she saw Heath standing at the edge of the dance floor. He was watching them, or more precisely her. She gave him a smile, to let her know that she was okay. He tipped his drink to her, and then walked away.

"Looks like you could have your pick of suitors."

"Oh, him. Heath and I... high school sweethearts and all that." High school heartache. She and Heath shared something that no one knew about and never would, if she had her way. Besides, he had given his word and if an Ambrose man was known for anything, it was for keeping his word. Their secret was safe.

Liam made a little noise in his throat. "You do realize the phrase all that implies a great deal?"

"You can imply all you want, but my past is my past and my business is my business," she said, her heart pounding at the thought of her business becoming public, like her breakup.

What would people say? What would her parents say? Oh, she knew, no one would look at her the same. They would point and whisper and talk about her, just like they were doing now. But at least now was mostly due to compassion, not because she and Heath had made a mistake.

A huge mistake, and she'd paid the price. They both had, but she'd run away to the other side of the country to go to college.

"Jesus, Bella, you've gone white." He led her off the dance floor and to a nearby table, holding out a chair while assisting her. He was being such a gentleman while she was having a major inner freak-out session.

Please, God, help me.

Liam rubbed her back. "How can I help you, love?"

"Whisk me away," she said, thinking of the vacation she'd taken not too long ago. A vacation that should have been a honeymoon. Tears pricked at the back of her eyes. "I'm sure you didn't come here for me to have a meltdown."

He continued to rub her back as he dipped his head to hers. "You are not having a meltdown."

She peered up at him. "What am I having?"

"An allergic reaction to arseholes," he said solemnly.

Laughter bubbled up, and then complete relief. Just being around him made her feel better. She straightened in her seat.

"That's a good lass," Liam murmured.

She didn't want him to stop touching her. The heat of his hand, even on this warm, spring day, was welcome. The invasion into her personal space even more welcome. Looking around, she realized that they were alone. Only a few couples remained on the dance floor, while the others were making their way to the front of the house.

"We should go tell Zoe and Christian congratulations," she said, not wanting to leave Liam's side at all. All she wanted to do was sit here, while breathing in his expensive cologne and male scent.

"I think they've enough well-wishers." His free hand came between them, pushing back a long strand of hair that had fallen. "I also think that if you want to be whisked away, then I'm your man."

"I can't..." She searched the backyard, looking for her parents, for Heath, for Daisy... for anyone who knew her. No one was there. She licked her lips.

"I swear to God, I'm not a serial killer, an abuser... I'll give you references if you need them." Liam looked away. "I know who you are, Isabella, your background...everything. Sebastian is very thorough in his dealings." He cleared his throat and looked at her, his black eyes clear. But there was an undercurrent of want. Of need. And when was the last time she was wanted or needed, like a woman? "I understand that this would not be something you're accustomed to doing."

His fingers laced through hers, and she kept staring, unable, for once in her life, to say anything. She'd been investigated, and Liam knew everything. Her fingers tightened. Except he referred to her reputation, not what happened years ago. Maybe Sebastian's investigation wasn't as thorough as Liam had said.

"I should like it very much if you would allow me to spend the night with you."

Spend the night? She pulled her hand out of his. "I'm afraid, Mr. Stewart, that I can't."

He smiled, nodding his head and starting to rise. "I understand. Completely. I just thought that maybe for once, both of us could throw caution to the wind and quit doing what our family expects of us."

Bella stared at him as he started to walk away. Her heart began to pound in her ears. She'd been so good all her life, so good and obedient that her one mistake with Heath could be chalked up to youthful indiscretion-a painful one. But that had been years ago, eight in fact. Since then, she'd been perfect and cautious, and had dated only Peter. He'd placed no expectations on her. He'd never pressured her for more than kissing.

He'd also left her. For his stepmother. A woman who was three years younger than Bella, and had always flirted with him, while she turned a blind eye.

See where being good got you?

Jumping to her feet, she called out, "Liam! Wait."

Chapter Two

Liam pressed Bella against the sofa cushions, his mouth on hers and his hands on curves so luscious that she should be in a harem somewhere, awaiting a sultan's pleasure.

But she was here, under him, moving restlessly while awaiting his pleasure. Willingly.

He grinned against her mouth when she whimpered. "Please, Liam."

"What do you want, Isabella?"

"Call me Bella," she said, nipping at his lip. Her fingers dug into his bare back. Unfortunately, they still had a layer of clothing between them.

He slipped the strap of her bra down her shoulder and kissed the skin reddened from the abrasion, then did the same to the other side, until he unfastened it from the front and let it fall to the side. God, he already loved her breasts-perfect for his hand and tipped with nipples the color of plums.

He bloody loved plums.

"What do you want... Bella?" he whispered into her ear. He caught the lobe between his teeth and tugged. Her neck arched, a perfect column of golden skin. She was golden all over, from her eyes to her skin... but not, he suspected her hair.

At the roots, her hair was as black as his. He would find out in a minute, he supposed. Or not, depending on-

"I want you inside of me," she said.

Once again, he smiled but this time.... Oh, this time, he let his fingers meet her demand. His hand slipped lower, beneath the waistband of her knickers, and he had to bite back a groan. Instead, he scraped his teeth down her chest and nibbled on a tight nipple.

She let out a moan, and he slipped a finger inside of her. Wet, was his first thought. And then hot. So very hot. Wet and tight and hot.

Perhaps too tight.

"Bella, are you a virgin?" It was possible-she was the daughter of a religious man, and by all account, she was just as religious. Though that hadn't been why he'd set out to seduce the preacher's daughter. He hadn't set out to seduce her at all.

Things had just happened. Isabella Edwards had just happened. Her smile, the way she cared for her best friend... how she laughed and danced.

Whit's fur ye'll no go past ye. The old saying suddenly slipped into his head. What is meant to happen, will happen to you. Which meant, they were meant to be together. This weekend at least.

"No," she said, wincing as he thrust a second finger inside. "I haven't had sex since I was... sixteen."

He froze, mentally doing the math. Jesus. What in the hell had he gotten himself into exactly? A woman did not stop having sex unless it was for a damn good reason. So it begged the question-what was Bella's damn good reason?

"Liam?" Her eyes opened. They were panicked. Vulnerable. Her face more red than pink. She bit down on her lush bottom lip.

"Are you scared?"

"No." She glanced away and then back at him. "Maybe a little. I hate making mistakes."

Not an assault, then. Thank God. "What can I do to make this more enjoyable?" Besides making her slippery wet. That was mechanics, a reaction to him touching her body. She desired him, that much was obvious, but her panic made his chest ache. He didn't know if he could go through with what he (and she) wanted to happen.

"Don't tell anyone," she said, her voice whisper thin.

Ah, that made sense. She had a reputation to uphold, and she couldn't blame a youthful indiscretion this time. A bit of tenderness hit him. She was totally out of her comfort zone. He braced an elbow beside her. "Beautiful lass, who would I share this with?"

"I don't know." Her golden eyes fluttered close. "Lately, everyone knows about me."

He pressed a kiss to her forehead. "No one knows you're here with me. I drove you to a completely different city, in your car, so you could leave at any time you want. Do you want to leave?"

Her inner walls clenched at him, and he relaxed a bit when he slid a bit deeper. It was easier this time. A little sigh made her mouth tremble. "I don't want to leave."

Moving his fingers experimentally, he coaxed her into relaxing, though her body more than made him on edge. "Brilliant."

He kissed her, allowing their mouths to fuse until she parted her lips and let him inside. Her tongue touched his, tentative and then bolder, until his eyes rolled into the back of his head. Their tongues curled, stroked, and just when he thought he couldn't take it anymore, her legs parted and she slightly rocked against him.

Her hands went to his shoulders, gliding palms down as she explored him. Lower still to his chest, his stomach, and when she grabbed his cock, he groaned.

Somehow, he managed to get his briefs off and the condom he placed on the floor rolled on-one-handed. He removed his fingers, pulled her knickers off, and settled between her thighs. He was hard. He was ready, but he had to taste her. He had to have every inch of Bella.

Parting her with his thumbs, he made a great deal of showing her how very pleased he was. "How very pink and wet you are, love." He kissed the side of her thigh. "Like a flower blooming, slowly opening its petals. Shall I kiss you there? Where you're so very wet, and pink, and hot? Aye, I think I shall."

She smiled, then bit her lip and lifted her hips, offering herself to him in the most erotic of ways.

Apparently, poetry and flowery language worked with her. She brought that out in him, a side he didn't share with the world. Not even with the woman he'd thought he would marry.

So, he gave Bella what she wanted, what he wanted. He tasted and licked and nibbled and made her clutch at his shoulders before her fingers found purchase in his hair. He fucking delighted in her moans and sighs. Her thighs shook, tensed, and then he had the absolute pleasure to watch as she went over the edge. As her dark nipples tightened, as goose bumps covered her skin, and she moaned his name.

His name.

Before the last of her orgasm subsided, he was crawling up her body, taking her mouth with his, and pulling one of her legs up and over his arm. He thrust deep inside of her, eyes closing as the feel, at the connection... at the need to bury himself inside of her again and again.

He braced his arms on either side of her, rolling his hips at first, giving her time to get used to him.

"Oh God," she cried out, aching her back. "This... you... not enough."

The corner of his mouth lifted. Greedy woman. "I'll give you enough and then some," he murmured as he gently thrust inside of her. "I'll give you all of me. Every. Last. Inch."

Both legs wrapped around him now, one still draped over his arm, while the other held tight to his back. He grabbed the arm of the sofa and thrust hard enough to make her breasts bounce. His hips moved of their own volition, pounding into her, wanting to go deeper and deeper until his orgasm shot up his spine.

He bellowed her name, like some great roaring beast of old, and surged once, twice and then a third time before slumping over her. He panted, could barely catch his breath at all.

The sofa shuddered and then he heard a crack, before one side dropped.

"Fuck me," he muttered.

"I think we broke the sofa. I've never done that before," Bella said, and he laughed.

He couldn't help it. He leaned up, framing her face with his hands. "I was a wee bit rough at the end."

Bella grinned. "I wouldn't call it wee."

"Aye." He tilted his head to one side. "I've not the ego to sustain such an insult."

She lifted up, face tilting, and he met her halfway, kissing her as though she was made of glass. "What do we do now?"

"Shower, eat, shag. Not necessarily in that order." He pulled out of her, and then rose from the sofa. "I'm a flexible man."

Bella stared after him. "Your accent has gotten thicker."

He flushed at her observation. His grandfather, the one who'd helped raised him, preferred for Liam to sound like a proper gentleman. And by that, he meant like an Englishman.

"I like it."

"And I like you," he said, striding to her and lifting her to feet.

She looked as though she was about to say something, but decided against it. Yet, she looked unsure of their situation. Hell, he wasn't sure of what had happened, really. Not beyond the sex. The mind-blowing want-to-shag-her-night-and-day sex.

He solved the problem for them both and scooped her up in his arms. "I'd like you better all soapy and wet."

*

Liam woke suddenly, feeling as if he were missing something. He turned. The bed was empty. Isabella was gone.

Surely, she wouldn't have left him without a word. A strange sort of feeling settled in his chest at the thought. Allowing his eyes to adjust to the darkness, he searched the room. The room was silent but for the roar of the ocean. The sheer curtains swayed lightly with the breeze.

Where was she?

As if in answer, the curtains parted, giving him unobstructed view of the balcony, and he let out a sigh of relief.

Bella sat in one of the large chairs facing the ocean, her arms wrapped around her legs. Her hair was loose, falling down her bare back, something that he found not only to be erotic, but surprising. She didn't strike him as someone who would sit, without a stich of clothing on, where anyone could see her.

She moved slightly, and he realized that she had a blanket wrapped around her. Now that made more sense.

He sat up in bed, studying her profile. Her posture was relaxed, but her shoulders were tense. She nibbled on her bottom lip and then laid her head on her knees. The lines of her body were beautiful, her golden skin bathed in starlight. She reminded him of a mermaid that sailors long ago claimed to have tried to lure them into their death, yet still they sailed. Day after day. Year after year. Searching for a long-lost treasure.

The blanket dipped lower, tantalizing him with a glimpse of the upper swells of her bum, and he sucked in a breath.

He could well understand the siren's call, because before he could wrap his mind around it, he was out of bed and striding to her, as if gravity compelled him.

"Do you have room for one more?" he asked, and she peered up at him.

Her eyes were shadowed as she answered, "As long as you don't mind me not talking."

"I don't mind at all," he said as he threw one leg over the back of the chair, picked her up, and settled her in his lap. "Be as quiet as you like."

She didn't answer him. Instead, she leaned against him and he breathed in her flowery scent. Needing to touch her, he began to lightly rub her shoulders. He lowered his head, pressing a kiss to the back of her neck.

"I wanted to leave," she said suddenly. "I was ready to get my things and leave so I wouldn't have to face you tomorrow morning."

Her comment was so unexpected that his hands froze. "What stopped you?"

She turned to him. "Nothing's stopping me. I can still leave, at any time."

He blinked. "Why would you?"

She gave him a helpless look.

"Are you embarrassed, Bella?"

"Yes. No. I don't know."

"Perhaps you could help me understand," he said.

She sighed. "I don't think I can."

He wrapped his arms around her. "Beautiful lass, what will I do with you?" Nibbling on her ear, he whispered, "If you wish to leave, I won't stop you, but I'd rather you stay with me."

"Prove it," she said.

He smiled against her skin. "My pleasure."

Then he led her inside, the blanket falling to the floor as soon as he lifted her. He cut on the light and placed her gorgeous body in the center of the bed, and then simply looked his fill.

"Your ex was a stupid man," he said flatly.

She smiled shyly. "He never saw me like this."

"Then he was a really stupid man."

Bella laughed, her breasts bouncing. "Oh Liam, you say the sweetest things."

He put one knee on the bed, and her laughter stopped. "You deserve sweet words. You deserve a man who appreciates a woman like you."

"And you deserve a woman who appreciates a man like you. I'm sorry she left you, but if she hadn't... then who would be here with me now, when I needed someone the most?"

Jealousy surged through his body at the thought of Bella with another man. Another man touching her body, seeing her like this, all vulnerable and sexy, lying nude in his bed.

It wasn't rational, it wasn't civilized, and it certainly wasn't like him, but in that moment, he wanted to mark her as his.

The mattress barely moved as he crawled on the bed and crouched over her. "Who would you have asked, Bella?"

"I don't know," she said, and then let out a little squeak when he bit the side of her hip. "Liam!"

"That's the name I wanted to hear." He trailed a wet path down the center of her stomach. "It's the only name you're allowed to say." Spreading her, he teased her pink flesh with the tip of his tongue.

"Oh God," she cried.

"Nay, lass. It's Liam," he said with a confident grin. "But I can see how you might be confusing the two."

Her beautiful eyes widened, and then closed when he put his mouth at the very heart of her. He kissed and sucked and stroked until her entire body shook. Until her hands were in his hair and she was mindless, saying things that made no sense to anyone but him.

"More. Liam. Love me like that. I want... yes, there. Do it again. Just like that."

He crawled up her body, lifted her hips, and thrust deep. Her bare walls surrounded him. Somewhere in the back of his mind, the sensible side of him shouted that he was mad, taking her like this.

But then she cried out his name, begged him to never stop, and he quit listening to anything-sensible or not.

*

The next morning they dressed, for lack of a better phrase, in rather awkward, angry silence. What had started out as a promising weekend of hot sex had gone straight to hell with one innocent comment.

Perhaps not so innocent, but bloody hell, what was he supposed to say when she turned on a blatantly conservative cable news channel while they ate breakfast, and left it there? She even agreed with the anchor at one point!

"You know, just because you don't like something, doesn't make it wrong for everyone else," she said, breaking the silence. She smoothed down her dress and began to pull her hair up into a messy bun.

"It's pure propaganda."

Bella snorted. "And the other networks aren't? Please, they all have an agenda."

Fair enough, he supposed, but still... "You should think for yourself instead of watching that crap."

"By allowing you to dictate to me what I should watch?" she asked.

"Yes."

She raised a brow.

"No." He came to her then, grabbing her by the elbows and pulling her to him. He pressed a kiss to her forehead. "Look, I'm not trying to be hurtful. It just seems that an educated woman, such as yourself, would be more interested in-"

"I think you should stop while you're ahead," she said, walking away. "I don't need your condescension. My opinions are my own."

His eyes narrowed. "Don't tell me you agree with their drivel?"

Bella crossed her arms. "I'm not telling you anything."

"Of course not. Why should a conservative ever have to explain anything?" He finished buttoning his shirt.

She shook her head. "You don't know me."

"That's for certain." He did know her, though, in other ways. He knew she was loyal, kind, intelligent, beautiful, and felt like heaven. But that wasn't enough to overlook the fact that they were opposites in every way. Class, political beliefs, religion, geography... everything.

It wasn't enough that Bella was the exact opposite of his ex-fiancee, a woman who he'd thought was perfect for him. They'd shared the same beliefs, opinions... nearly everything.

Except views of honesty, apparently, because Verity had cheated on him, and then married that man, with the barest of apologies.

"You. Are. A. Snob," she pronounced while turning up her nose.

Like hell he was. He was the exact opposite of a snob. He got his hands dirty, both literally and figuratively. He'd spent the majority of his childhood living in a drafty cottage, never knowing if he would have enough to eat. It had taken the goodwill of his grandfather to send him to Eton. His own father certainly wouldn't. He'd been too busy pretending he didn't have a son, or a wife for that matter. The only time he would show up was on Boxing Day, as if that particular holiday reminded him of his duty to those less fortunate.

But he wouldn't share any of that with Bella. She didn't deserve to know. Hell, she'd probably tell him it was his own mother's fault for having spread her legs for a man who promised nothing in return.

He crossed the small distance between them and grabbed her chin, forcing her to look at him. "You know nothing of me, and after today, you'll know even less."

Her golden eyes rounded, and a flash of pain made him gentle his grip. "I know enough," she whispered. "I know that I made a mistake coming here with you."

Hurt slashed through him at her easy rejection. It shouldn't, but it did, and it was the only reason he had for goading her further.

"Aye." He dipped his head. "But how beautiful you were when you came. You were so eager for me... for my cock."

"You're a pig," she said, her mouth trembling. "I hate you."

"No, you don't," he said and kissed her.

Her hands came between them and pushed him away. She wiped off his kiss with the back of her hand. "I don't know what I saw in you."

It was a justifiable reaction to his asinine behavior. He shoved his hands into the pockets of his trousers. "You saw what you wanted. And I did as well." What was wrong with him? She'd done nothing, nothing at all, to warrant such treatment. So what if she wanted to watch a stupid news channel? "Christ." She flinched. He took his hands out of his pockets and reached for her again, like he'd done a thousand times in the past two days. "I'm sorry, love."

For some reason known only to God, she allowed him to take her in his arms and hold her tight. "Please forgive me." He led her to the sofa, the one they'd broken, and sat down with her in his lap.

"I don't think we're meant to be," she said, but he didn't take it as an insult.

He stroked her hair and then undid her bun. Silky strands the color of caramel fell around her shoulders. "I think we were what the other needed."

She made a noise at that, but didn't reply.

"If anything should come from this weekend together, please know two things." He gazed into her beautiful eyes. An image of them in a reckless, heated moment flashed, and he swallowed. "Whatever choice you make, I'll support you, financially, of course, either with paying for a procedure or child support. Two, I programmed my number into your mobile should you need to contact me."

"Isn't that gentlemanly of you," was all she said before she stood. He watched her glance around the room, settling herself it seemed, before her golden eyes met his.

"Don't worry about the sofa or the bill for the room, I'll take care of those, too."

She nodded, wrapping her arms around her middle. "You think of everything, don't you?"

"I take care of my responsibilities," he said evenly.

"Just what every woman wants to hear," she said, grabbing her purse and walking to the door.

He almost stopped her, almost jumped to his feet and-well, what exactly, he wasn't sure. The door closed behind her.

The sense of relief at her departure that should have arrived never did. Instead, the ache in his chest grew. If he didn't know better, he would have thought she'd taken his heart with her.

Chapter Three

Present Day

"Whatever you need, Bella," her brother, Gabriel, began, squeezing his wife's hand. "Summer and I are here for you. You can move in with us, if you want."

Bella looked away from their concerned, sympathetic faces. She'd thought it would be easier once her brother knew, but honestly, it was worse.

"That's nice of you, but I-I have other plans," she said, unable to say the words for the baby. She was pregnant, almost four months, in fact.

Worse, she was pregnant by a man she didn't like. Or really know. Or one who even lived on the same side of the ocean. For months, she'd tried to tell herself that she'd be okay.

Only, nothing was okay.

There was no one else she could talk to, not Daisy or her other best friend, Haven. She was too embarrassed. No, not embarrassed. Ashamed. Completely ashamed.

She was the daughter of a preacher. She was constantly in the public eye of Holland Springs, working at The Center with women who were in her very position... She closed her eyes.

Everyone would be so disappointed in her.

Giving in to Liam and spending the weekend with him had been the ultimate of mistakes. She'd known better, but her inner rebellion had gotten to her. Her stupid insistence to throw all caution and good judgment to the wind had come back to bite her in the butt.

Her consequence would be showing in a few weeks, no matter how loose she wore her clothing, and then everyone would know. She would have to face them all, make explanations, and most of all, disappoint the rest of her family and friends.

Tears pricked at the back of her eyes as she opened them, and her nose got all stuffy.

"Have you told Mom and Dad, yet?" her brother asked.

The baby would be a welcomed blessing in her family... if she didn't have a miscarriage. Sharp claws of fear shot through her, reaching toward her stomach. She wrapped her arms around herself, as if to prevent the fear from touching the baby inside of her.

"No, not yet," she whispered, refusing to cry. Taking a deep breath, she turned her attention back to her brother and sister-in-law and smiled. "Liam invited me to Scotland to talk about things."

Summer gave her a small smile. "I'm proud of you for telling him. I know it was hard."

"He took the news better than expected." A complete lie. Liam still didn't know. She hadn't told him. Her plan was to show up on his doorstep and tell him in person. Not that she expected him to be excited or even want his child.

I take care of my responsibilities.

She shivered.

"Bella?" Gabriel asked. His dark blue eyes narrowed. She'd always had a hard time lying to him, which is why she almost never did. She loved her big brother, and he loved her right back. He'd always looked out for her and her friends. Heck, he looked out for everyone.

"Can you take me to the airport Wednesday evening?" Bella asked. At least her flight wasn't a lie, or the fact that she was flying to Liam. To Scotland. She twisted her hands together. "I need to be there at nine."

This was worse than the time her family had been caught giving out Bibles in Turkey, and had been called in for questioning by the authorities. Or maybe it had seemed that way because her dad had been the one in charge. His calm assurance had always given her a sense of peace and safety. As did her faith. No matter how she felt about herself right now, she knew she was loved.

But not by the baby's father.

"Yes." Gabriel nodded. "I'll have Carlos do the presentation instead."

The phone rang. Gabriel excused himself from the room, leaving her alone with Summer. She and Gabriel hadn't been married very long, but had been in love with each other since they were practically kids. Their journey had been tough, harder than what Bella faced now. And if she kept that in the back of her mind, that even couples with a history like her brother and Summer could finally come together in love, then surely, she and Liam could find a way to reach a compromise.

Or something.

Only problem, she didn't want a compromise. She wanted love. She wanted a father for her baby, a husband for herself... someone to share her life with.

"I wasn't drunk, like I told you. I didn't have too much to drink. I was completely sober," Bella blurted. "I fully made the decision to do something stupid, and now look how I've ended up."

Summer stood, crossing the room to kneel in front of Bella. The woman's brown eyes assessed her. Bella almost looked away from her knowing gaze. Summer was a beautiful woman. A woman you could look at for hours and never find a flaw, like a diamond. For a long time, Summer was exactly like a diamond-hard and cold-on the outside, anyway.

But now... Summer took Bella's hand. "Love always wins in the end, you know."

"Liam and I," Bella licked her lips. "He doesn't love me, and I was caught up in something that didn't exist."

Confidence radiated in her sister-in-law's face as she replied, "The fact that you were caught up in it at all means something."

Bella shook her head. "But not to him. I'm just one more responsibility."

"I wouldn't be too sure about that."

"Never argue with a Holland woman," Bella said ruefully.

"There is that, but more importantly, never give up on love. If you want something with Liam, then make it happen. This time, catch him up in your love. Show him what it means to be loved," Summer said gently. "Your brother did that for me."

Holding up her free hand, Bella blew out a breath. "I knew him for two days. Two. It wasn't love."

"So you say, but I remember what Azalea told your mother about the man you would marry. You were there." With that reminder, Summer let go of her hand and rose to her feet. "I'll check on Gabriel while you think about what I said."

Bella didn't have to think about what her sister-in-law said. She'd been eleven or twelve at the time, and had come to Strawberry Grove with her mother. Summer's mother, Azalea, had taken one look at her and informed Bella's mother that her daughter was destined for a fairy tale. That the man she would fall in love with would be from poor origins, and live in a castle in a faraway place. That he'd be the one to rescue her from danger when all the odd were against her survival.

That man couldn't be Liam-the only part of him that fit the description was the faraway place. But she could have said the same of Peter. His family wasn't from here, and his dad had started from nothing. Though he'd never rescued her from anything.

Except, maybe, a miserable marriage to him.

In any case, Azalea Holland, as well as all the Holland women, had a reputation for knowing exactly who belonged with whom. Then again, they also had a reputation that wasn't so nice, and Bella knew for a fact it wasn't true.

She dropped her head to her hands.

Once she believed in fairy tales, but not anymore. Reality had made sure of that.

Chapter Four

Liam flung the papers away, and crossed his arms, glaring at his best mate, Sebastian Romanov. "I bloody well know what the terms are, but I refuse to give in to something so archaic. Marriage and an heir?" His jaw tightened. "What was my grandfather thinking?"

"I never met the man, so I've no idea. But if I were the one to think of this, then it would be to make sure that my heir is responsible enough to fulfill his duties and not piss my money away," Sebastian said with a familiar smirk.

Liam shook his head. "Oh yeah, it's all great fun now, when you're not the one in desperate circumstances."

Sebastian bowed his head slightly. "I do apologize for that, Your Grace."

The title made Liam's hands clench into fists. He hated the title, the privilege... everything that went along with it. He didn't want it, but he had no choice, not if he were to save his family and all the people his estate employed. It wasn't their faults his grandfather was mad.

"Stop calling me that." He unclenched his fists, uncrossed his arms, and then picked up his glass of scotch. "Jesus, Bastian."

"I'd forgotten what a proper arse you can be," Sebastian said, but Liam didn't miss the subtle twitching at the corner of his mouth. Daisy's influence, no doubt.

Liam tossed back the remainder of the golden liquid, then set his glass down on the table between the two of them. "Shouldn't you be hovering about Daisy?"

For a moment, panic flared in Sebastian's eyes, and then dissipated. "I don't hover. Besides, she's upstairs at the moment, napping. Said she needed the afternoon to rest."

Liam snorted as Daisy appeared in the doorway and held up one finger to her lips. Ivan, her constant bodyguard, stood right behind her. She smiled and waved, before leaving. "Of course. Bless her."

Sebastian's lips thinned in annoyance. "In any case, this is about you, not me. The best thing about your grandfather's will is that there's no timeline. Which is the absolute worse thing about you. You need prompting."

"I'll be broke before the year is out. How is that for prompting?" Liam shot back, and then wanted to kick himself. He'd been holding on by his fingertips for years now, always experiencing a windfall at just the opportune moment. Only, none of those had ever quite put them in the black.

Sebastian's face softened a little. "I could lend you the money."

"Thank you, but no." Liam picked up the packet of papers and shuffled through them. "I've no choice but to find an agreeable woman to marry and get an heir off."

"You're worse than I am," Sebastian muttered. "Perhaps you shouldn't advertise that bit."

"I'm not putting out an advert."

"Know of someone, then?"

Bella Edwards' inconvenient image came to mind. He hadn't spoken to her in months, yet he thought of her every day. The weekend they had spent together burned in his memory. She'd been the most responsive lover he'd ever had. Actually, she'd been more than that. There had been something very sweet in their time together. Whether it should be attributed to the woman herself, or the reasons why they chose to take solace in another, he couldn't say.

Only, he couldn't contact her, not after their disastrous parting.

"Perhaps," Liam said, steepling his fingers together and pressing them against his mouth.

Sebastian rose. "Whatever you decide, I'll support you. Now, if you'll excuse me, I've a wife to join at Hampshire's Deli. She's craving the most disgusting combinations."

"Saw that, did you?" Liam smiled.

His mate's blue eyes became shadowed. "It's my job to keep her safe, even when she thinks life is nothing but fun and cupcakes. I intend to keep Daisy that way."

"She has no idea?"

A touch of a smile pulled up one corner. "She's not quite sure if that part of my family is actually real."

Oh, it was real all right, and he suspected Daisy did know. He doubted very much a regular American girl would allow a bodyguard to follow her everywhere if it were not of upmost importance. And Liam knew Daisy was of upmost importance to Sebastian. She was his life.

"Carry on, then." Liam stood as well. "I've a flight home to catch."

The flight to Edinburgh had been quick and uneventful. He poured himself a glass of whiskey and leaned against the mantle of the fireplace.

His mobile vibrated. He pulled it out of his pocket and glanced at the screen, nearly dropping the phone in shock.

Bella: I'll be in Edinburgh around 5 PM. Will you be home?

Now that was entirely unexpected. Why was Bella in Scotland? He checked the time and grimaced. It was a quarter to five.

Quickly, he texted back an apology and his address.

Forty minutes later, he was still nursing the same drink when there was a light scratch on the door to his study, before it opened. His body tensed in anticipation. She was there, right behind him, and all he had to do was turn slightly to the right and-

"Hi, Liam," she said as the door shut.

He turned and though he knew to expect her... though he remembered every inch of her body, every moan and sigh she made when he was inside of her, having her in his home struck him hard.

She didn't look the same at all.

Gone was the golden hair and equally golden skin. Gone was the playful light in her pretty eyes. Instead, her hair was black as night, her skin nearly pale as the moon, and her eyes were wary.

His forced his mouth into a semblance of a smile, wanting to put her at ease. "Bella, what brings you here? Your text was a bit vague."

"You."

That single word was enough to set him into motion. Pushing away from the fireplace, he crossed the small distance between them, tipped up her chin with one hand, and kissed her.

"Stop," she gasped.

He pulled away, staring into her face. "I thought you were here for me."

"No," she said, cheeks flushing. "I mean, I am."

"Sorry?"

"There's no other way to say this, Liam, but I'm pregnant," Bella said in a rush. "I had to tell you in person, because over the phone was too impersonal, and there was no way I'd tell you over email or text. So here I am. Pregnant."

"With your baby," she added.

Jesus. His drink slipped from his hands, hitting the wooden floor with a thunk, and he laughed. "You're joking."

"No."

He only laughed harder. "This is too much. Oh God. Seriously, did Bastian put you up to this?" Sebastian had to have done this. No one else knew about the conditions of the will, not even his mother or sister.

She grabbed his hand and placed it against her stomach, where the barest hint of a bump greeted him.

"Does this feel like I'm joking?" she said.

His laughter died away. No joke. In fact... "It feels like you're the answer to my prayers."

"But you don't pray," she pointed out.

He used to pray, but this wasn't the time for semantics. Instead, he glanced down at his hand, at where it connected to the life inside of her, and nearly fell to his knees in gratitude. "Perhaps I should start."

"I don't understand," she said in a quivering voice. "I thought... I thought you'd be unhappy."

Unhappy? His gaze sliced to hers. There were tears in her eyes, unshed, but on the verge of falling. "I am whatever you want me to be."

She let go of his hand and turned away from him. "You would be."

"Yes, I would be supportive. I was more than clear about it when we last spoke," he said, anger rising. What did she want from him? He was doing the right thing by respecting her decision. What else could a woman want in this situation? His mother certainly never had any support. She'd done it all on her own, until his grandfather had made his son do his duty and bring his wife to Edinburgh when Liam turned seventeen.

"I don't know why I thought coming here was a good idea." She walked away from him, going to the windows and looking out. There was a rather lovely view of the garden from this vantage point.

Not that the view mattered. "How long do you plan on staying?"

Black hair shifted to one side as she moved. Why had she stopped dyeing her hair? "Long enough to tell you about the baby."

"And now?"

She shrugged. "I guess I'll leave."

"And do what?" Really, he had to know. What were her plans? Abortion, adoption, or would she keep it? His baby. Bloody hell. He rubbed his eyes, and then bent to pick up the glass he dropped. Setting it on the desk, he made a mental note to get the rest cleaned after he and Bella were all sorted.

"I don't need money," she said.

"Do you need my signature, then, or a ride to a clinic? You're welcome to recuperate here afterwards." Damn, he was bungling this.

This time, she turned to face him, golden eyes blazing. "If you knew me at all, then you wouldn't offer to do either of those things. I'm keeping the baby. It's your choice if you want to be in her or his life. I won't stand in the way."

"What do your parents have to say about that?"

Her gaze left his, a telling sign. "Only my brother and sister-in-law know. But my parents would be happy-babies are a blessing to them."

"Except for the ones who aren't wanted," he said.

"Especially the ones who aren't wanted," she snapped.

He held up his hands. "Got it. Blessing and all that, but what about your marital status?"

"I don't know," she whispered. "I don't know what I'm going to do when everyone finds out."

But he did know what to do. He knew exactly how to alleviate her worries while helping his own family, the employees at Wintersea Castle, and the entire damn village of Geimhreadh who depended on the tourism it supplied. The village was shrinking every year; the lure of bigger towns like Inverness too much for the newest working generation to resist.

"Would you consider marriage?"

She gave him a look. "Who would I marry?"

"Me."

Chapter Five

"You?" Bella choked out. "We can't even stand to be around each other for more than five minutes."

Liam cocked his head to one side. "I seem to recall endless amounts of time where we couldn't stand to be apart from the other."

She blushed. He would remind her of their weekend together. "Big deal. That's not a reason to get married."

He laughed. "It's a very big deal. I'd rather not have a sex-free marriage."

"Because you plan to be faithful," she shot back, sarcasm heavily lacing her words.

His dark eyes narrowed. "Once I make a vow, then I hold to it."

She almost cringed. Both of them were victims of less-than-faithful fiances. Both of them had experienced humiliation and heartache.

"I believe you," she said, and he relaxed a bit. "But the fact remains that were opposites in almost every other way. I don't see how a marriage can last on that."

Liam's jaw worked. "I don't believe in divorce."

"I don't either... except if my husband were abusive."

He crossed the room, then, coming to stand in front of her. He took her hand, rubbing his thumb across the top of it. "I would never lay a hand on you."

"There are other ways to be abusive, like with words or abandonment."

Touching her cheek with his free hand, he said, "You have my word that I won't leave you somewhere to rot while I live a separate life. As for the other, I can't promise not to have debates with you."

"Is that your marriage proposal?" she asked, completely at sea now. She was adrift. Maybe even losing her mind, because in every imaginary situation, this conversation had never happened.

"I could promise you hearts and flowers, but I'd rather be truthful," he said and her heart, the traitor, sank.

She wasn't sure why she would want hearts and flowers from him. Actually, she did want hearts and flowers from him if they stood for love. Then again, Peter had promised her not only hearts and flowers, but also the moon and the stars. He had made promise after promise, and then never delivered.

Only, Liam was most definitely not Peter. He wasn't like anyone she knew. But he was, above all things, truthful. That was a good starting point for-she swallowed-marriage.

She guessed.

Oh gosh. Was she really contemplating marriage? Was she seriously going to take the easy way out and take him up on his offer? Okay, so marriage wasn't easy to begin with, and for them, she knew it be would extra hard.

Maybe they would... She closed her eyes.

"Bella?"

"I'm thinking," she said softly.

"Take all the time you need."

She smiled ruefully and opened her eyes. "Time is not on our side."

"Shall we talk over dinner?" he asked, as if their future wasn't going to be drastically altered. As if it wasn't already altered.

"I'm not sure." Shaking her head to clear her thoughts, she bit her lip. "I could eat a little something, but I'm exhausted."

"Ah," he said, linking her arm through his. "Shall I take care of you this evening?"

"I don't know," she said with a shrug, hating the helpless, yet grateful feeling that came over her as he led her out of his office and up a flight of stairs. "Honestly, Liam, I can't think straight right now."

He opened the second door on the left and gestured for her to go inside. "Have a lie down on this very comfortable bed while I speak to the staff."

Staff. Could their differences be more obvious? She looked around the room of his Edinburgh townhome. It looked like something out of Royalty Living, with the ginormous canopy bed and gilt ceiling. "I didn't grow up with staff." The bed called to her, and she sank onto it with a thick sigh. "Or a room like this."

"Neither did I," he murmured as she lay down on her side. He drew a cashmere throw over her, and she snuggled into the soft material. "I grew up in far more modest accommodations."

She blinked up at him. "I don't understand. Aren't you a duke?"

"Yes," he said.

"Should I call you something other than Liam?" she asked.

He gently ran a hand over her head. "My duchess can call me whatever she likes."

His duchess. She could barely wrap her mind around the title. Exhaustion had hit her hard. Her whirlwind traveling to Scotland more than her pregnant body could handle at the moment.

Her shoes. She needed to take off her shoes. No sooner than she'd thought the words, he'd begun taking off her boots and rubbing the arches of her feet. She moaned.

"Feels soooo good."

"Go to sleep, Bella," Liam said, but she noticed he didn't stop rubbing her feet.

Her eyes slid closed.

As soon as Bella's breathing evened out, Liam stopped massaging her feet and adjusted the blanket covering her. He stared at her, wondering if she truly were the woman he would spend the rest of his life with. The woman who was to have his child.

He wanted to touch her stomach again, to assure himself that it was real. She was real. Everything that had just transpired was real. He finally had the answer to his prayers-well, perhaps not his prayers or his sister's-but certainly the prayers of his mother, the staff, and all the employees at Wintersea.

His hand hovered just above her stomach, slowly sinking the longer he stood there. Just as he almost touched her again, he stopped himself. He made himself take a few steps back. Nothing was confirmed. Bella hadn't actually agreed to marry him. For all he knew, she could change her mind about the baby and his involvement.

But knowing what he did about her, he had absolute certainty she'd make it possible for him to see his child. He scrubbed his hand over his face.

His child.

Maybe he needed a lie down as well.

A few hours later, Liam found himself standing in the same spot he had before, only this time he held a tray laden with plates of food. Bella was sitting up in bed, her gaze bouncing from him to the food, as if she couldn't actually believe he'd serve her.

Then again, maybe her disbelief had nothing to do with that and everything to do with their situation.

What a fine, mucked-up mess this was turning out to be.

"I'll set this down on the table beside the bed, shall I?" He crossed the room, put the tray down, and then waited.

"You want to eat in bed?" she asked, her voice a little rough from sleep.

The thought of feeding her in bed was agreeable to him, but probably not to her. "I've already eaten." He gestured to the food. "This is all for you."

Her golden eyes warmed up a little before she turned and started uncovering the plates. "Thank you."

"My cook assured me that everything is perfectly safe for a pregnant woman." He smiled. "For you."

Bella settled against the bed again, already eating. Her eyes closed in obvious pleasure at the taste. His smile deepened.

"Your cook is really good. Maybe even better than Daisy," Bella said around a mouthful of grilled vegetables. "Don't tell her I said that."

He sat on the side of the bed. "I won't."

After a few minutes more, Bella stopped eating. "When I woke up from my nap, I did some praying."

"And thinking," she added quickly, like she thought he'd make fun of her.

"Soul searching is a good thing," he replied.

"If I say yes, then I'd like to get married as soon as possible. Like within the month, if not sooner."

He fiddled with the blanket wrapped around her legs. "I've no objection to that."

"In a church."

He nodded.

"By one of my relatives, but not my dad. I want him to walk me down the aisle."

It could be worse, he supposed.

"And after the honeymoon, I'm going on a mission trip. For two months. I'd already committed to it, before all this happened," she said in a rush.

And there it was.

He exhaled. "Bella, are you trying to test me? I don't care what you do with you life-it's your life. Career woman or stay-at-home mother." He shrugged. "Entirely up to you."

Her brow creased. "You're okay with not seeing me for two months?"

"If this is about fidelity-"

She held up a hand. "You gave me your word, so I'm going to trust you not to break it. But we'll be apart for sixty days. Six. Zero. Won't that bother you at all?"

Of course not, he nearly snapped. He barely knew her enough to miss her, but then he reconsidered. Pointing out the obviousness of their marriage was not the way to start it. "I trust you to keep your word. So while I'll miss your lovely face, I won't be too put out."

Bella looked away. "That's good."

"Shall we pick a date?" He pulled his mobile out of his pocket. "I've my calendar."

"I need to explain things to my parents," she said. The sadness in her voice hit him like a sledgehammer to the chest. "They'll be shocked."

"But happy," he reminded her.

She swung her gaze back to him. "What about your parents?"

"My mother will be pleased," he said. She really would, and she would welcome the addition of a baby, her very first grandchild.

"And your dad?"

"He passed when I was twenty-two." Five years ago. Had it been that many years already? He hadn't thought of it in ages. In fact, he rarely thought of the man who had absolutely nothing to do with him. There wasn't a twinge of guilt, of what might have been if they'd reconciled... nothing.

She grabbed his hand and squeezed it, sympathy in her eyes. "I'm sorry, Liam."

"Thank you." He allowed himself to bask in her comfort for a moment. "In any case, my sister might be the lone dissenting voice. However, once I assure Bridget that you are nothing like Verity, her big sister concerns shall be put to rest."

"I didn't know you had a sister. I have six brothers and sisters. My brother Gabriel is the oldest. Everyone's adopted but me."

Her parents had adopted six children? "You'll have to tell me all about your family sometime."

She gave him an odd look. "I though you already knew everything about me."

"I know what's on paper, and I didn't read all of it. Just the important bits," he said.

"My family is one of the most important bits about me."

A strange sort of pang made his heart beat funny. Would he ever be one of the most important bits about her? Honestly, did it matter? They were both getting what they wanted out of this marriage-money and respectability. God, he made their marriage sound like the plot of a new BBC drama.

"Brilliant."

A wane smile curved the corners of her lips. "Thanks." She let go of his hand, denying him her particular brand of warmth, which he hadn't realized he missed until that moment.

He flexed his fingers, fighting the urge to take hold of her hand again. "When would be a good time to talk to your family?"

"They're five hours behind us, so either now or tomorrow sometime. They were a little surprised by my trip."

Liam grinned. "They're not keen on their daughter traveling alone?"

"Normally, I travel to third-world countries alone."

Reckless woman. He made a face. "Why would you do that?"

"I'm a missionary. It's what we do," she reminded him.

"Weren't you determined to be a shop owner?"

"That was before."

"Before what?"

"Before my entire life took a turn for the worst and kept on going," she said flatly.

And now that wrong turn most assuredly included him. He, Liam Stewart, the seventh Duke of Lennox, who'd never done harm to anyone in his life, was responsible for another's misery. God, hadn't he mere months ago, lectured Sebastian on being a stand-up kind of guy? Hadn't he been the one to lecture him about shady dealings and asinine behavior?

"Shall I stay while you finish eating?"

She put her plate on the tray. "I'm done." Then she unwrapped the blanket from herself and stood, toeing on her boots.

"May I ask what you're doing?"

"Going back to my hotel," she replied, slipping out her phone to presumably text a cab.

"You're welcome to stay here."

"We're not married."

He stared up at her in askance. "You're quite serious, aren't you?"

"You might not understand, but I want to at least attempt to find my way again," she said.

Liam stood. "Find your way to what?"

The pain in her eyes nearly devastated him. "To the woman I used to be."

As she walked out of the room, he realized two things.

One, she'd never given him a date.

Two, he had no idea where she was staying.

Chapter Six

The conversation with her parents had gone better than expected. They'd been shocked and concerned, but in the end, they had agreed to support her decision.

If her parents had noticed she hadn't mentioned love once, they were either too caught up in the fact they would be grandparents or didn't want to make the situation worse for her.

She hugged the pillow from the bed to her chest, wishing her family were here. Maybe even Daisy or Haven, but she hadn't told either of them her plans.

Guess that was what she got for being ashamed and prideful. And hadn't Daisy told her the truth right away? What kind of friend was she not to reciprocate and trust Daisy not to judge her?

Obviously, she was the worst friend on the planet. The only thing saving her from crap status was that Daisy and Sebastian had made up, gotten married in the most beautiful ceremony ever, and were even more in love.

There was a light knock. Wrinkling her nose, she let go of the pillow and stood, before walking to the door. She peered through the peephole and then stepped back, more than a little surprised at the sight of Liam standing there.

It was six am-eleven am US time.

She peered at him again. His hair was disheveled and he looked as though he'd slept as much as she had, which wasn't much at all.

Quickly running her hands though her hair, she counted to three and then opened the door.

"Hullo," he said, his voice warm. "Mind if I come in?"

"No." She closed the door behind him as he walked past her. "Is something the matter?"

"I think we should be married this weekend."

Her eyes widened. "But that's not enough time to reserve the church and invite people." Gosh, what would people say-two Edwards kids married in haste within the last six months. The whole purpose of them getting married was to save her from gossiping old biddies and the disappointment of her family. "I need more time than that."

"No, we have to marry, before anyone finds out you're pregnant, else my child can't inherit," Liam insisted. "A condition of the bloody will."

"But people do know I'm having your child," she said, confused.

"Not the right people." He ran a hand through his dark hair, making it even more disheveled. "My solicitors can't find out. When the baby is born, we'll attribute its early arrival to-to, well, being early."

"Why does a will matter or solicitors?"

His cheeks flushed. "Ah. That. Yes. Right. You see, my grandfather outlived my father, and so he made a new will. One that would ensure I turn out nothing like my father. Not that he needed an official document for that," he muttered, more to himself than to her. "In any case, the will states that I cannot inherit the family fortune until I get married and have an heir. Half when I'm married, the rest when the baby's born."

Understanding dawned. "You only proposed marriage because you wanted money, not because you wanted to do right by the baby and me?" She should have known. There must be something super special about her to attract men like this.

"That's a rather mercenary picture you've painted of me," he said.

"You were the one with all the paint. I just connected the dots."

"The money isn't for me."

She crossed her arms and just looked at him.

"Alright, it is for me, but it's also for my family, for generations of families who've-I need the blasted money in order to keep hundreds employed and to restore Wintersea. It's been three years since the last proper repair, and it's crumbling. I'm barely getting by. I'm responsible for so many, and I want to bloody pay them." He ended his speech on a shout.

"Why didn't you say so in the first place?" she asked calmly. She had to keep calm or she'd end up yelling at him right back.

"Because it's none of your business," he bit out, as if it pained him.

"Until now, when you want to manipulate me." This would never work. She should have never called her parents, never told them anything until she was ready. Heck, she could have gone to stay with friends in about thirteen different countries and experienced relative peace.

"I am not your ex-fiance any more than you are mine," he said.

Oh well, that made everything better. "Meaning she knew about the will."

He gave her a stiff nod. "I told her as soon I learned the truth. We'd only been engaged for a month when my grandfather succumbed to Leukemia, and after burying him-I wanted nothing to do with the title or the money. None of it."

Curiosity got the better of her. "Why is that?"

"Because I felt guilty."

Now that she could understand. Guilty was a completely familiar emotion to her. For a long time, it was the only emotion she gave herself permission to feel. "We can't help the circumstances we're born into. We can only choose to make things better or worse for ourselves."

Liam didn't reply. Instead, he stared at her until the air seemed to vibrate with tension. He took a step closer.

"Believe it or not, I'm not unhappy about this circumstance. Our circumstances."

She searched his face. "I don't know what to believe. I only know how I've been treated."

"I am sorry for how things ended between us. There are times when I let my self-righteousness get in the way of decency." He touched her face, a small caress that sent heat spreading outward. "And tonight... after seeing you, I haven't slept. I couldn't sleep. I was too worried about you."

"And my answer," she reminded him. "I didn't give you a straight-up yes."

His thumb kept up that slow glide. She wanted to turn into it, wanted to kiss his palm, his wrist, and work her way up his arms. He had amazing arms. She'd been held by them, after all.

"You. Bella. I was-I am concerned for you. Your answer be damned."

She had nothing to blame but her pregnancy hormones for the swoony feelings that came over her. Never mind he'd inspired the same swoony feelings when she didn't have any of those hormones.

"My answer is yes. I told my parents we were getting married next week."

Relief smoothed out the grooves along his mouth. "That soon, but I thought you wanted them here so your dad could walk you down the aisle."

"I did. I mean, I do want them here, but I can't put that expense on them or ask for my brother to pay for everything."

"I'll buy you a gown," he said softly, reminding her of the man she first met.

"I'd rather you buy me flowers."

His head dipped. "Whatever my duchess wants."

Then he kissed her, and she melted into him. She was hungry for him. Completely starved for his taste and touch. He trailed his lips down her throat, hands working at the buttons of her jeans.

She jolted at the feel of him as he touched her. She was wet and needy. He finger slid inside of her, and she moaned. His thumb pressed against her clit, and then began a torturous glide that had her panting.

The next thing she knew, her back was hitting the mattress and Liam was crawling up her body, his hands working together to make her wild. She tossed her head back and forth as his mouth found one of her hard nipples.

"These are bigger."

"Everything is bigger," she pointed out. A sliver of self-consciousness tried to pierce her happy bubble of desire.

"So?" He managed to unfasten her bra with one hand and smiled, like he'd just won first place. Like she was a prize to become deliriously overcome with lust.

Just like before. Would their end be the same, too?

She frowned, even as a second finger pushed inside of her. "You don't-"

He sucked on the pointed tip of her other breast and pleasure shot through her body. "I like. I love. I want to devour you."

"But I-"

Pausing, he looked up at her and said, "If you don't hush, I'll not continue."

She smashed her lips together, faster than she would ever admit.

"Good girl."

He did something with his fingers, and she almost screamed. Her back bowed off the bed.

"You are very, very sensitive." He smiled wolfishly at her. "What would happen if I put my mouth between your thighs and kissed you there?"

She'd probably scream Glory Hallelujah. "I'd like it."

He made a sound. "Only like it?" Without breaking the rhythm of his fingers, he kissed his way down her stomach, pausing at the slight bump. "I didn't know you could tell this early."

Biting her lip, she said, "It depends on the woman." And if they'd been pregnant before. She couldn't do this. She couldn't be intimate with him after only an apology and a proposal.

His lips skimmed the edge of her panties, his fingers now withdrawing.

"I can't," she gasped, edging away and sitting up. She refastened her jeans with shaky hands.

"I think we've already let the cow out the barn door, m'dear," Liam said as he sat up. His erection was visibly outlined, and she swallowed.

She let out a nervous laugh. "It's not that."

"Then what?" He stood up, staring down at her with dark, unreadable eyes.

There wasn't a way to put her thoughts into words, without causing problems. "I don't want to start another fight." The phrase had become her go-to excuse.

Suddenly, he held out his hand. "Come with me."

She couldn't tear her eyes away from his hand. This was almost surreal, but in reverse. Once again, he was asking her to go.

Only, this time, she didn't hesitate.

Chapter Seven

Liam helped Bella into her coat, fastening buttons and generally taking an extraordinarily long amount of time to make sure she was properly shielded from the cold. August mornings in Scotland had to be freezing to her.

"Where's your coat?" she asked.

"Don't need one until January," he said with a wink.

They left her room, and then the hotel, completely behind, walking along Princes Street. It was wet and the cobblestones fairly gleamed under the gaslights. If he didn't pay attention to the modern traffic lights, one could assume they were walking back in time.

He took a deep breath and a white puff of smoke appeared as he exhaled.

"So weird to see that in the summer," she said.

And that was what he needed to remember. Everything about their situation was strange to her. To both of them, really. They needed one another. He had to make this work, if not for their sake, but for the child's. Having grown up with an indifferent father, he'd vowed to not be the same.

"Care for some breakfast?"

"I already ate, but..." She smiled at him, her eyes twinkling. "I'm hungry again."

"I know the perfect place," he said. "It's nearby."

He kept her close to him as they crossed the street and made a left, passing businesses that hadn't opened for the day.

"Can you drink coffee?" he asked, as he opened the door for her.

"Yes, but I won't," she said as she hurried inside.

He frowned at that. Sure, he expected her to be mindful, but this... perhaps she had some concerns he needed to be aware of.

They sat at a table near the back of the bakery, in a cozy corner. All round them the shop buzzed with activity and smelled delicious.

"I'll have one of everything," Bella said, looking over the menu placed on the table. "And then a doggy bag for later."

Liam stretched his legs out in front of him, and then grinned. "Can't go wrong there."

Bella continued to peruse her choices, making a little clicking sound as she did. It was rather... adorable. She was rather adorable. Her color was nearly back to normal and her eyes, when she peeked at him over the menu when she thought he wasn't looking, were bright instead of dull.

Now, if that was due to this outing or what had transpired in her hotel room, he wasn't sure. He was disappointed, but not in her. He shouldn't have have pushed things. He should have settled for a kiss, not his hands down her pants and his mouth on her very full breasts.

Jesus. He needed to concentrate on less erotic things. "Made up your mind?"

"I think so."

"Give me your order and I'll take it the counter straightaway."

Without missing a beat, she listed no less than five different menu items she wanted to try, along with a glass of water.

"Tea?"

She wrinkled her nose. "Not unless it's decaffeinated and iced."

"Sorry, no. But I can take care of the rest."

He placed their order, paid, and then rejoined her at the table. "It'll be ready in a bit."

She smiled and raised her brows at him. "Okay."

"I thought we could use some fresh air," he said.

"My flight is next Sunday."

"Is it?"

"Yes. I wasn't sure what you'd say and I wasn't sure if I could visit Daisy," she said, taking a paper napkin and unfolding it. "I know she'd love to see me, and I'd love to see her, but she'd be all happy and in love."

"While you're forced to marry a man who doesn't even know your favorite flower," he supplied.

"It was my decision, and calla lilies."

He stored that bit of information back for later. He would buy her flowers, as many as he could for their wedding day. Perhaps in purple. "Why did you change your hair color?"

"It's my natural color." Her gaze shifted. "I didn't want to have to worry about the upkeep and all the chemicals."

"Do you like it?"

Her golden eyes met his. "It doesn't matter what I like. It stopped being about me three months ago."

"Either way, you look beautiful."

"Thank you. I prefer being a blonde like my momma, but it's not a big deal." She smiled tightly. Wasn't a big deal his arse. He wanted to press her for more, to get to the bottom of why she would be so cautious, but she forestalled him with a question. "What abut you?"

"Sorry. I wasn't paying attention."

A black eyebrow arched. "Do you look like your mom or dad?"

"Spitting image of my mother, much to my father's dismay." Too pretty. Like a lass.

"She must be a beautiful woman," Bella said. "What about your sister?"

"She looks like her father," he said.

"You don't have the same one?"

"No," he said cheerfully. Bridget's father was actually a nice bloke. But he was married, now, with a whole other family. And as much as he included Bridget, it wasn't what she wanted. Liam's father certainly wasn't what she'd deserved either.

"I guess our families have more in common than I thought," she said.

He very much doubted that. "About the wedding," he began, wanting to nail down the date.

If he didn't, he was sure she would get on that plane Sunday, tell her parents she'd changed her mind, and then he'd only see her during holidays. He didn't want that. He didn't want custody agreements and trade-offs. He didn't want her on the other side of the bloody ocean where she would email him images of ultrasounds and doctor appointment results. Where he would have no control over when she'd give birth and more likely than not, he wouldn't even witness his child being born.

"I think it could be a lovely ceremony. There's a church on my estate, and we could hire a local vicar to marry us," he said, and her eyes lit up a little.

"That might be nice," she said, as if she understood he was trying to compromise. That he was trying to make her happy. "Do you have any pictures?"

"Not on me, I'm afraid. I never thought to take any." Her face fell. "But I could take you there. Today."

"You can?" Her voice went higher.

A new girl from behind the counter brought their food round and set it on the table. "I most certainly can. I'm on holiday."

Bella laughed and tucked in to her food. She glanced up at him when she noticed he hadn't started eating. "Hurry up. I want to go now."

*

His estate was two hours north of Edinburgh, near the infamous town of Inverness. Bella rode on the passenger side, alternating between varying shades of green and white.

"Just a few minutes more, love," he said, shifting into third so he could pass a tractor.

"If I didn't know I was in a foreign country, I'd think I was at home," she said, rolling down the window. A gust of cold air blasted the interior, but damned if he cared. She was trying for God's sake. Had been since they left.

"Perhaps you'll come to think of it as your home," he said.

"Home is where the heart is." Then she grew silent.

A telling little phrase, that. "I heard that many a future duchess fell in love with Wintersea as soon as she saw it. The flags flying over the turrets, the drawbridge, the outer bailey. It's truly magnificent."

"No moat?"

"So last two centuries ago."

She giggled. "I'll be sure to keep up with the latest trends in castle decor. I wouldn't want to embarrass you at the next duke function."

The turrets came into view, and he heard her gasp his name.

"You live in a castle?"

Hadn't she realized? What other type of dwelling would have a moat and a drawbridge? "Only when I have to-mostly I divide my time between London and Edinburgh."

He turned onto a gravel road. Trees with leaves of every color lined each side, providing a sort of frame for the castle.

"What do you think?" he asked as he parked near the entrance. They both got out, and he walked around his car to stand beside her.

She shaded her eyes with her hands. "It's very castley."

"Is that a good thing?" He tried to imagine how it looked to her. How the moss-covered, weathered stone was more ethereal than puke green, crumbling rock. How the stained glass windows were not missing diamond panes in every other one. How the once grand castle, one that was rumored to have belonged to the Bruce himself, did not look like utter shite.

And he failed. Miserably. If he were Bella, he'd run off, screaming and cursing him for the deception.

"Doesn't every girl dream of her own fairy tale castle?" was all that she replied, before the butler and two footmen came out to greet them.

It didn't sound like it was her dream, he thought grimly. She made it sound like a nightmare.

Chapter Eight

Liam lived in a castle. A castle.

She blinked and then blinked again, her gaze bouncing everywhere-from the butlers to the turrets to the... well, everything.

"Does the rest of your family live here?" she managed to ask as their bags were carried inside by two men, wearing fancy uniforms.

Liam took her by the arm, leading her away from the entrance. "No, they live in Edinburgh as well. Let's take a walk about the garden, shall we?"

The estate was beautiful, something out of a fairy tale, with flowering trees and gardens, but there was something unfinished about it. And the grounds were wild, unlike what she'd seen in magazines or even Daisy's husband's estate. Then again, Hawkfell Hall was a tourist attraction, and Sebastian was a billionaire.

Liam was not.

"Is the castle open to the public?" she asked.

His grip tightened a little on her arm. "The grounds are, but Wintersea itself is not for public consumption," he said tightly.

"Why not? You could make money that way instead of marrying me," she pointed out.

"Cold feet?"

No, she was cold all over. "Just pointing out the obvious."

Liam exhaled, then guided her to a set of cleverly hidden grass stairs, that once they descended made the castle look like it was built on a platform. "It's part of the bloody will."

"Why didn't you say so, instead of reverting to-to slightly snobby guy?" she asked as they passed by a crumbling fountain of a baby cupid holding a watering urn.

In the small pond surrounding it, lily pads bloomed and dragonflies zoomed around. They walked alongside mazes and groves of trees. They walked and walked, until she thought they never stop, and he would never answer her. Maybe she'd been too harsh with him.

He stopped walking suddenly, and she did the same.

Turning to face her, he said, "A man has his pride, lass."

She reached up, cupping his scruffy jaw. "That I understand much better than the haughty you."

His eyes closed. "The haughty me, as you call it, seems to only come out when you're around. It's not an excuse, mind you, but-" His eyes opened, and they held a genuinely apologetic light. "I'll work on it. You won't regret marrying me. I'll give you respect, friendship, amazing sex, and more children, if you like."

But not love, she thought sadly. What more could she expect of him, of either of them? There was no use in being sad over something like love. Hadn't she been in love with two men before Liam?

Instead, she took the gift of his peace offering and said, "I'll give you respect, friendship, amazing sex, and more children, if you like, too."

"Too bad the priest isn't here," he murmured.

"Why?"

Liam grabbed her shoulders and spun her around. "Because we've just said our vows in front of the chapel."

Bella gasped. "It's beautiful." It really was. The chapel was larger than she thought it would be, and made of stone. It was surrounded by purple heather and grass so green that the color look photoshopped.

There was a tiny house off to one side, which probably used to belong to the vicar and his family. Knowing what she did about Liam, there wouldn't be another vicar living there anytime soon.

"It was built in the sixteenth century."

"We can really get married inside of there?"

"Yes, I had Sebastian help me with the paperwork in order for us to circumvent a few requirements," he said.

She frowned. "You don't sound happy about that."

"I don't enjoy being put ahead of the queue solely based on influence and power," he said.

"Then why did you do it?"

"I'm desperate, Bella. Practically, the entire village is dependent upon Wintersea for income. I've sold off everything I can, even mortgaged the townhome in Edinburgh. Honestly, I own nothing but the clothes on my back, because I have so many to pay. That's why the castle is falling into disrepair."

Sensing a need to change the subject, she stepped out of his embrace and then stooped to pick a sprig of purple flowers. "Since you're providing the location, the ginormous castle and all, let me pay for the honeymoon." She peered up at him, holding the heather to her nose. "We are having a honeymoon?"

He helped her to her feet, the beginnings of a familiar, wicked grin curving up the corners of his sexy lips. "I believe that was covered in the vow about amazing sex."

She lifted up on her toes slightly, to press a quick kiss on his cheek. "Where would you like to go?"

His arms came around her then, and pulled her close. "Anywhere my duchess desires."

When he talked like that, his Scottish accent all burry and low, she could believe that he wanted more from her than what he promised. If only he could always talk to her like this, like she meant something to him.

But maybe he didn't know how to do that anymore. Maybe when his fiancee left him, she took his heart with her. Maybe-

His lips met her hers in the sweetest of kisses.

The wind blew lightly, carrying with it the fragrant smell of flowers and trees. The sun shone on them, so brightly that she could feel the heat through the layers of her clothes.

Her fingers curled into the light material of his shirt. He deepened their kiss, exploring and discovering her in ways she didn't know were possible. He cupped the back of her head, as if to hold her in place.

Like she was going anywhere.

Not in this moment. Not when he kissed her like this. Not when heat traveled and lit up every inch of her body. Not when the hard planes of his body made her feel so safe. Wait, she didn't feel safe. She felt reckless. Wild.

She loved it.

With a little moan, she stopped thinking and gave herself over to the moment.

Liam knew he had to stop kissing her. Hell, he hadn't meant to kiss her. He hadn't meant to say half the things he'd just confessed to her. Yes, she did bring out the worse in him at times, but it had to be acknowledged that she brought out the best in him at times, too.

Reluctantly, he pulled away and pressed his forehead against hers, breathing hard. He felt her hands at the back of his neck, felt them traveling up a little to play at the hair on his nape. It soothed and ramped him up all at the same time.

"Will this do for a last-minute wedding, Bella?"

"I think we should get married at this exact time," she said.

He stepped back a little, his brows furrowing. "Why is that?"

She smiled, lovely and sweet. His heart flipped in his chest. "Because it's when we started over. From now on, you and I have a clean slate."

Liam smiled and shook his head in disbelief. "You are a treasure, Bella Edwards, and not just for the riches I'll gain by marrying you." He took her hand in his, noticing how small it was, and how right it felt to be in his.

"I know," she said, with a twinkle in her eyes. "You are so lucky to be marrying me, because I'm a two-for-one deal. Or is that one for two? Either way, you hit the jackpot.

He laughed, unable to help himself. "Let's get you settled inside. I've a lot of planning to do." If this was a sneak peek into the future of their marriage, then thank the powers that be.

She fiddled with a button on his shirt. "I could eat again, and use the, um... loo?"

"Right this way, Your Grace."

This time, when they returned to Wintersea, they couldn't stop talking. They couldn't stop laughing or sharing stories of their childhood with one another. Bella was unaffected and real. She was intelligent, honest to a fault, and beautiful. That weekend with her, had been all her, and she'd held nothing back from him.

In short, perhaps she was the perfect woman for him. Perhaps their political and religious differences were low enough hurdles for them to cross together. Not since his grandfather had fetched his mother, sister, and him, and he'd realized that he would have food and warmth every day, had he been so damn relieved.

Just as he stepped inside, it hit him. He had thought all those things about Verity. She had been all those things to him. He'd been just as honest and loving to her. But in the end, she'd betrayed him. She'd cheated on him, and then left him for another man.

He knew it wasn't fair to paint all women with the same brush. He knew Bella and Verity had nothing to do with each other. That one was not a continuation of the other, but still... there was a part of him that demanded he be on guard. That he trust but verify. That he expect at any moment to find out Bella was hiding something from him that could screw everything to hell and back.

Now that he was wiser, he knew the best-laid plans were eventually derailed. Jesus. He didn't want that with Bella. He didn't want to be disappointed by her, and he didn't want her to be disappointed by him.

"Liam?"

He blinked. Bella stared at him, concern on her face. "Sorry. I was deep in thought."

She frowned. "Oh."

"Oh?" She didn't believe him?

"Well, it looked like you were arguing with yourself and who ever won wasn't exactly happy with the outcome."

His eyes widened. He hadn't realized how perceptive she was, or how much she watched him. "I've a lot on my mind. While being on six weeks of holiday is exactly what I needed, what waits for me when I return to Romanov Industries... It's why I'm still working and available if Sebastian needs me." No, he wasn't being entirely truthful, but he wasn't lying either.

"A duke with a job," she mused. "Is that allowed in the will?"

"Only if I work for a proper British company," he joked. "Half Russian mobsters seem very proper."

"Completely," she agreed. "Do you have secret codes to get inside the building and code names for each other?" She snapped her fingers. "Like you could be the Dangerous Duke!"

Fantastic. Now he knew exactly how Sebastian felt. Though, Liam stayed on the law-abiding side of Romanov Industries, his best mate frequently made his home in the gray area.

"I'm afraid that one is already taken."

She nodded. "I'll keep thinking on it."

"Bella," he sighed.

"Lighten up, Liam. I know you're too good to be that shady," she said. "Now about the bathroom, er... loo."

"I'll have Mrs. Cooper show you the closest one."

And as if by magic, Mrs. Cooper appeared, taking his bride-to-be by the arm and ushering her down the hallway.

He might be too good in her eyes to be shady, but wasn't a man to be judged by the company he kept?

Chapter Nine

Later that night, after dinner in a room that still bore the soot marks of centuries-old fires on the exposed beams and they'd gone their separate ways for the evening, Bella appeared in his study.

She wore a pair of purple-and-white striped pajama pants and a matching purple tank top, with a thick, white cardigan over it.

"Is it too cold for you?" he asked, immediately jumping up from his desk and striding to her. He led Bella to the massive fireplace. "Stand here while I bring a chair to you."

"Don't go to all that trouble. I just came by to say good night," she said, catching his arm.

He glanced down at where her hand touched him, right below the rolled up sleeves. The heat of her skin scalded him. He looked up at her. "Sleep in as long as you like. There's nothing to do tomorrow except relax."

"I'm not used to relaxing."

"Neither I am," he admitted.

She raised her brows and wriggled them. "Oh my gosh, did we find something else that we have in common? You might have to start believing in miracles."

He couldn't suppress his grin. "I wouldn't go that far."

"Maybe one day," she said and kissed his cheek. "Night, Liam."

"Night, Bella."

He watched her go, watched her close the door behind her. It reminded him of the last time she left him. Of when they'd argued and he'd been cruel. This time... this time...

"One day might be sooner than you think, love," he murmured.

Saturday came faster than Bella ever thought possible. She'd spent most of the day sleeping and talking on the phone to her family and friends. They all seemed to be thrilled that she was getting married in Scotland. It was so romantic, they all said. It was so unlike her, they said.

Wasn't that the truth?

The rest of the day, she'd spent in the village-its size larger than what she had expected-and had found a pretty, white dress, styled like a ball gown, trimmed in Scottish lace, woven on a Nottingham loom, at the bottom.

She gazed at her reflection in the mirror, trying to reconcile herself with the vision of white in front of her. In her perfect wedding, she'd been wearing a Vera Wang gown and her blonde hair had been swept up. She looked very fashionable and completely like the wife of a man like Peter would expect. They would have exchanged vows in the evening, and then danced under a white tent while their families dined.

Then again, Peter had talked her into changing her plans. Into what she had thought would be a romantic elopement. Only, he'd deceived her.

He'd lied to her. For money.

She touched the dark hair laying on her shoulder and then brushed it away. Now her hair was no longer dyed, she wore a gown that, while beautiful, was certainly not a Vera Wang, and no one in her family would witness her exchanging vows much less dancing.

And the groom was marrying her for money.

Her lips trembled at the stark realization.

Only, Liam was nothing like Peter. The differences between the two men couldn't be more apparent. Liam was as dark as Peter was fair. While Peter had the body of a man who preferred golf to a workout regiment, Liam's lean muscles proclaimed him to be someone dedicated to keeping in shape.

But it didn't end there. Peter craved more power and money, while Liam felt guilty about asking a friend to help him get the right documents in order to get married.

Funny how she never saw the truth of Peter until after he left her, but in her heart, she'd known all along he was bad for her. The goodness of Peter only ran skin deep, not to the bone.

While Liam truly wanted to help the people. He wanted to make sure that he was a good steward of what he'd been given.

She sighed, wishing her mom and dad were here. Heck, she'd settle for Daisy, though she wouldn't be settling at all. But Daisy and Sebastian were out of the country for one last trip before their baby would be born.

There was a knock at the door and she made a face.

"You can't come in, Liam!" That man. He'd been trying to sneak in here all day, under the guise of making sure she didn't run away.

She rolled her eyes.

"Thank God you're still here," he said teasingly. "There was a rumor that the bride's family had kidnapped her."

The door opened before she could stop him. "It's bad luck to see me in my dress," she shrieked, grabbing the robe he'd lent her. His scent enveloped her.

Instead of Liam answering, her mother came in the room.

"Mi hijo!"

Bella burst into tears and ran into her mother's outstretched arms. "What are you doing here?"

"Liam made arrangements for us to come," a familiar voice rumbled before enveloping her and her mother in a hug.

"Daddy," she sobbed. "I thought I would have to get married without y'all. I can't believe Liam did this for me."

"I'm not that horrid," she heard Liam say, and she managed to break away from her parents.

She threw herself into his arms. "Thank you," she whispered against his neck. "Thank you so much."

Liam patted her on the back. "It was nothing."

"This was everything," she disagreed and leaned back to look into his dark eyes. "You knew I needed them. This is the best wedding present ever."

He searched her face, not saying a word, and she wondered if she'd gone too far in her thanks. Had she made him uncomfortable? Then he smiled, and took her breath away.

"I better get the groom where he needs to be before the ceremony," her dad said, and Liam let her go.

"Quite right," Liam said, and the two men left the room, shutting the door behind them.

*

"We need to talk," John said as they descended the servants' staircase.

Liam knew this was coming, but he still wasn't exactly prepared. "Yes, sir. Shall we go to my study?"

"Wherever you feel the most comfortable," John said.

Liam led him to the study and closed the door behind him. For once he didn't sit behind the ancient desk. Instead he gestured for John to sit in one of the winged-back chair near the fireplace.

John sat, and then Liam did the same.

"Normally, I don't get involved in my grown children's business, but since the circumstances surrounding this marriage are unusual, I decided to have a talk with you."

"Understandable," Liam replied.

John leaned forward in his chair, his dark blue eyes serious. "I love my daughter."

"Yes, sir," was all Liam could say. He couldn't very well profess to love her, too.

"And I want what's best for her. For some reason, she believes that's you."

"Well, I am the father of her child," he pointed out.

"She's my child."

This was going well. "She's to be my wife."

"I realize that, and you have to know that we'll support her decision and you as well. I want my grandchild to grow up in a two-parent household. I don't want Bella to suffer by worrying about sick days, juggling schedules, being the only one walking the floor at night, and not having anyone to share the trials and joys of being a parent. But as her father, and not a man of God, if you hurt my daughter... Vengeance won't only be for the Lord."

Liam swallowed down his pride. He couldn't help but admire the man. Bella was his daughter, and he would do anything for her. That much was apparent. "I would never lay a hand on her in anger."

"We wouldn't be here if I thought that about you." John searched his face. "I'm talking about fidelity, love, and learning to live with one another. I am trusting you with one of the most precious gifts I've ever been given by God, and I expect you to treat Bella as such. I know you think we're old fashioned and cling to traditions and ways that seem in conflict with the world, but none of that matters. Only she and your child matter now."

"Bella is the most important person in my life," Liam said simply. "And the baby as well, especially after he or she arrives."

John's lips thinned. "I have no idea if you are a man of your word, but I'm going to trust you, son."

Liam stood, and John did the same. The two men shook hands, and then John smacked him on the back a couple of times. "That didn't hurt much, did it?"

"I'll let you know."

John laughed. "You do that. Funny isn't it?"

"What is?"

"God's plan."

"Sorry. I don't quite catch your meaning."

"He took two people, that are opposites in almost every way, and managed to get them together on the other side of the world."

"I prefer to think of it as serendipity. A sort of whim of the universe that created us," Liam replied. He was pushing things by being so disrespectful, but he didn't care for a God that had plans for his life without letting him in on them.

John shook his head. "If the universe created you, then who created the universe?"

Liam blinked at him. He had no answer for that. "I think it's time I married your daughter."

Chapter Ten

"Let me see your dress," Bella's mother said.

She discarded her robe and stood for mom's inspection. "It's pretty, isn't it? The lace at the bottom was made by a lady in town-in the village-she's known for it."

Her mother lifted the hem, studying it. "Very beautiful," she said, switching to Spanish. "She does good work." She dropped the hem. "You are glowing."

"I am pregnant." Bella bit her lip, and looked away. "Are you sure you and Daddy aren't upset that I didn't-?"

"Take a look at what traveled with me," her mother, interrupted. "Summer sent it to you."

Bella turned her attention back to her mother. She held the same veil that her sister-in-law had worn. It was the same veil Bella's mother, grandmother, great-grandmother, great-great-grandmother, and great-great-great-grandmother had worn on their wedding day.

"I can't," Bella shook her head. "I don't deserve to wear it."

Her mother made a face. "This veil isn't about who deserves what. It's about love and tradition. It's tradition my daughters wear this, and it's out of love that Summer and Gabriel are watching the children so your father and I could come today."

"I can't argue with that." Tears clogged her throat and made her vision blur. She waved her fingers at her face, trying not cry and took a deep breath. "Can you help me get ready again?"

"Of course, Bella." Her mom gestured for her to sit in front of a centuries-old vanity."

She allowed her mom to re-fix her hair and re-do her makeup, while they chatted as if this was a perfectly normal event in their lives, which made her love her mother even more.

"Your husband is very handsome. The baby will take after his father."

She tilted her head to one side, staring at her mother's reflection in the mirror. "It could be girl."

Her mother shook her head. "Not this one."

Bella's heart beat out a weird pattern. "How long did it take before you knew you were in love with Papi?"

The older woman shrugged. "A month. Your father, however, claims he knew he loved me as soon saw me singing in the choir, on our second date."

Bella scrunched her nose. "That soon?"

"We had been admiring one another from afar before my parents allowed us to date," her mother admitted. "They were very strict Catholics, and let's just say they weren't thrilled with my choice. Eventually, they came around, but some things..."

Bella felt her heart flip at how her mother's story mirrored hers. Her father had been a young man attending seminary school to become a Baptist preacher. They'd married, and she'd moved clear across the country to be with him. Everything was different-the language, the families, and the traditions.

As the youngest of ten children, Gloria's parents had been in their late forties when she was born, and by the time Bella came along, they were in their seventies. Bella didn't remember her grandparents, since they had died when she was very young.

"Is that why you were so welcoming with Summer?"

"Si." Her mother sat down beside her. "Your sister-in-law needed love and acceptance from us, not our judgment. Although, I will admit we were concerned with Gabriel's choice."

"Are you concerned about my choice?"

Blonde brows rose. "Should I be?"

"No," she said quickly. "But I respect your opinion."

"I know you do." Her mother kissed her forehead and then looked into her eyes. "However, you need to form your own opinions about your fiance. Your father and I don't know Liam well enough to have an opinion, and we've agreed to support you. So..."

Bella exhaled, tears pricking at the back of her eyes once more. "I love you for it, but right now, I need my momma, not someone who trusts my decisions."

Her mother smiled. "Every time I look at Liam, all I can think of is what Azalea Holland told us about the man you would love."

"And?" Bella couldn't help but think of that, too.

"Your soon-to-be husband has a very nice castle in a foreign land."

"But he didn't grow up poor, and there's nothing he's rescuing me from." Except... I grew up in rather modest accommodations.

Her mother gave her a look. "I wouldn't be so sure about that."

The door opened, and Aileen, Liam's mother, stuck her head in the room. "May I come in?"

"Yes," Bella exclaimed and jumped up to give the woman a hug.

Aileen smiled, reminding Bella so much of Liam that it wasn't funny. He really did look like her, from hair color to eye color to smile. Only his was sexy and confident, while his mother's was meek and shy.

Though Bella had barely spoken to her, she liked Liam's mother already, and hoped that over time, the two of them would get to know one another. But that wouldn't happen for a while, because now that Liam would get his inheritance, he was sending his mother and sister on an all-expenses-paid vacation to Spain. They'd be gone for six weeks, at least.

"Don't you make a beautiful bride, Your Grace."

She smiled at the genuine compliment. "Have you met my mother, Gloria? Gloria, this is the dowager duchess, Aileen Stewart." Bella hoped she had gotten their introductions correct.

"Yes. We met briefly after your father and I arrived." Bella's mother rose to give Aileen a quick hug as well. "Thank you for inviting us into your home."

"Oh." Aileen waved a hand in the air, clearly unsure what to make of all the hugging. Bella's heart went out to her even more, and next time, she'd ask before hugging Liam's mom. "I never liked this place. Then again, I was nae a proper enough duchess, like yer daughter will be."

"I don't know about that. I have really big shoes to fill, Your Grace," Bella said, instantly recognizing Aileen as one of those people who thought everyone was better than her. She wasn't the new duchess yet, and although she didn't care for the title in the way that someone who grew up with those things, she would be sure to give Aileen the respect she deserved, which included referring to her as Your Grace.

"That's exactly while ye do it up proper." Aileen took a breath. "It's time."

Bella stood, and then followed her mom, and soon-to-be mother-in-law, outside to the chapel, where her dad waited and yet another familiar face stood at the altar.

"Adam's here," she said, bewildered and grateful that yet another family member had come.

At twenty-seven, Adam was the oldest of the Lawson brothers. There were eight of them, and she didn't know how Aunt Dinah and Uncle Joe could keep any of them out of the trouble they naturally strove to find while running wild in the small town of Jessamine.

Of course, Bella loved her cousins, and she was glad Adam was here. "Did Liam arrange for him to come with y'all?"

Her mother nodded as a lone violin began to play. "He did. He took care of everything. Look."

There were pink petals scattered on the stone floor, and hundreds of lit candles had been placed around the chapel. To her surprise, the pews weren't empty. In fact, they were mostly filled with people she didn't recognize. But they all wore smiles as they stood.

"I don't know what to think," she whispered to her mother.

Her mother's hand covered hers and squeezed. "I think this is the start of a long and blessed marriage."

Bella nodded. Maybe her mother was right. She prayed her mother was right.

"My sister informed Adam that while he might be the one officiating that he was required to take pictures," her dad whispered, and she stifled a giggle. He handed her a purple bouquet of calla lilies. "From the groom."

She sighed in pleasure. He'd remembered what she had told him.

"Such a thoughtful man, Bella," her mom murmured, taking her arm.

Her dad took his place on the other side. "Ready, pumpkin?"

Bella caught sight of Liam at the altar. He looked handsome in a black tux. Yet, he also looked resigned. Serious. And yes, this was a serious occasion, but shouldn't he look happy? Shouldn't he look at her with new eyes, because he'd never seen her like this?

She realized that none of that should be happening, because this was a marriage of convenience for both of them.

Her breath hitched, her heart slammed against her chest, and her mind whirled. She could leave, with her family. She could leave with them right now, and board a plane back home tomorrow. The only thing she would have to do is figure out a custody/visitation agreement with Liam.

Oh gosh, she was going to have a panic attack right in the beginning of her wedding, and no one had a clue. She tried to breathe, but the veil got in the way. She started sweating, and her head felt light. Her entire body felt light, and only her parents, holding on to her arms on either side of her, were keeping her grounded.

Suddenly, she could feel her legs again, and the room spun. She blinked and ordered her body to turn, but her feet wouldn't obey. They kept right on walking with the rest of her body.

And everyone was smiling. So many smiles. So many faces. She didn't know any of them, not a single one. Their faces merged together, then separated.

She blinked again and took another deep breath.

Liam smiled at her, while lifting her veil. Finally, she could breathe again. "You're a vision, Bella." Then he leaned into her and whispered, "I know you're scared and I know this isn't how you imagined your wedding, but remember my vows, lass." Then he straightened and took her hand in his, squeezing slightly.

Tension flowed out of her, and she felt her body deflate, but instead of leaving her helpless, it made her stronger. Look at everything Liam did for you, to make this day special. The chapel decorations, the guests, her beautiful flowers, and most of all, her family.

She gave him a lopsided smile. "I'm not scared, not anymore," she said for his ears alone. "As soon as you took my hand, I felt better. Your touch, Liam, was all I needed."

The look he gave her was hot enough to melt the candles sans flames.

"Guess we better get started, so the two of you can get on with the honeymoon," Adam said.

Bella made a face at her cousin, trying not to be embarrassed in front of a bunch of strangers. "Seriously, Adam. They teach you that at seminary school?"

"He has a point, love. I'm very anxious for the honeymoon," Liam said smoothly, his thumb caressing her fluttering pulse. Lord, the man made her hot. "Aren't you?"

"You know I am," she all but shouted, and then wanted to die when the guests laughed. Including her parents. Geez, wouldn't someone take pity on her?

"Then what's the problem?" Adam asked, opening the Bible.

"I, uh..." She looked back at her parents, who were standing off to one side, waiting to say their one line. "Can you do something?"

Her mother grinned. "Stop teasing, Adam, and begin."

"Yes, ma'am," he said.

Bella faced her cousin, shooting him an I'm-going-to-hurt-you-if-you-do-that-again look. Hadn't he and his brothers taught her how to fight with the best of them?

Adam cleared his throat. "Dearly Beloved."

Liam captured her chin in his hand and gently turned her to him. "Eyes on me, love."

"I won't run away," she assured him, though minutes ago, she had been contemplating just that.

"I know."

Adam's voice grew louder, and she had to pay attention to what he was saying instead of asking how Liam knew.

Liam's dark eyes gazed in to hers and the world seemed to tilt, her body sliding toward his.

The corner of his mouth lifted, and she bit her bottom lip. Heat filled her, starting from where their hands were joined and flowed to the top of her head down to the tips of her toes.

She barely listened as Adam spoke of love and respect. Of sickness and health. Of when times were hard and easy.

"Love isn't just an emotion that makes us do beautifully foolish things," he said with a smile in his voice, and Bella wondered if he were thinking of his wife. "It's a choice you make when the entire world is telling you marriage shouldn't be this hard. Relationships shouldn't take this much work. It's the choice you continue to make when everyone is telling you to follow your heart, instead of working through the difficult times."

This time, she and Liam looked at Adam. His blue eyes were serious and his expression was thoughtful. "There will be difficult times. There will be times when you question your decision for standing here today. But there will also be moments of pure Grace, of blessings, and," he grinned and wriggled his dark brows, "magic."

Liam's mouth twisted a little, while Bella sighed. She would remember that, she swore to herself. Because without the dark times, how would they ever cherish the light?

"Do you, Isabella Gloriana Montoya Edwards, take Liam Aiden Bruce Stewart as your husband?" Adam asked.

Bella didn't hesitate. She gazed right into Liam's dark eyes and said, "Yes."

Chapter Eleven

They were married.

And now, Liam could breathe a bit easier. Yes, he did feel a slight twinge of guilt when he immediately left the reception to go sign the proper documents to immediately have the monies released into his accounts. Yet, he'd returned to find Bella and her family laughing and talking with his mother and sister.

No one, it seemed, had noticed his brief absence. Not even his bride, who when she saw him, had given him a smile so sweet that his heart started to ache.

All in all, he would call the day a success.

He dropped into his favorite chair, wondering if he should go to Bella or wait for her. This part, the after the wedding and everyone had gone home or to a hotel for the evening, was rather awkward. Staring into the fire, he finally loosened his tie.

The thirteen-inch-thick stone walls kept Wintersea cool year-round, and to him, perfect, but there had always been a fire in the study while the duke was in residence. And since he was the duke in residence...

He exhaled, thinking of Bella, and rose to his feet. He should go to her, and give her the choice of spending the night in his bed, or he in hers.

Nearly sprinting to her room, he knocked on her door and then waited. She didn't come. So, he knocked again and called out her name.

"Figures," he muttered to himself. He'd waited too long and now his bride was asleep. So, he walked away and prowled around the house, down halls lined with painting of his ancestors. Of sour-faced men with equally sour-faced women, until he got to the fourth duke. He and his bride were bonny and smiling from ear to ear. They looked in love. They looked like life had dealt them a hand they wanted to keep rather than discard.

If only he could have the promise of that. If only he could assure himself that he hadn't made the mistake of marrying a woman for the money she could provide him. In all honesty, he'd been better off marrying a stranger, or at least a woman who he could deal with on a superficial level. He couldn't imagine Bella being content with superficial. She would dig and mine, and search for the things that would hurt and heal.

Not until a distant clock chimed out the time of two am did he head back to his bedroom. There was a light on under the door, and he cautiously opened it. Usually, there was no one about at this time of night.

A fire snapped and crackled in the hearth. He frowned. The household knew not to build a fire in any room that wasn't going to be used, or wasn't currently occupied. He didn't have the money to spare to pay for it, and even now that he did, it seemed a waste.

Besides, he could build his own bloody fire in his bedroom.

He shut the door behind him and began to undress. As he stripped down to his briefs, a small noise caught his attention. He walked to the bed, where he thought the noise originated, and found his bride asleep in it.

Her black hair was spread over his pillow, her mouth slightly parted as her chest slowly rose and fell. He could see the golden skin of her bare shoulders and the upper swells of her breasts.

Sitting on the bed beside her, he ran his fingers through the soft strands, marveling at the silky texture. She stirred a little in her sleep and then settled again.

"Have you been waiting for me?" he asked softly, not expecting her to answer. "Shall I crawl into bed with you and take you in my arms?"

Damned if she didn't smile at that.

Rising from the bed, he turned out the single lamp in the room and settled down beside his wife, pulling her into his arms. Nuzzling her hair, he kissed her head, and then let his hand drift lower to her stomach. The slight swell that greeted him never failed to shock him.

Would it be a boy or a girl? Would she want to know?

He wanted to know, he realized. He wanted to name him or her. He wanted to plan for football and dance lessons, fishing trips and afternoon teas. He wanted a future, one with a family, and not this solitary existence he'd imagined as his new future once Verity had betrayed him.

Bella let out a little sigh.

He smiled, allowing his body to relax and his eyes to close. No, he wouldn't spend the rest of his life alone. His life would be full of surprises and... Bella and their child.

Chapter Twelve

It wasn't the sun that woke Liam up. It wasn't Bella moving around in bed that made awareness enter his brain. In fact, it was the smallest of whimpers that alerted him.

His eyes shot open, and he glanced at the woman curled up in a ball beside him. She looked to be frozen, her face white with pain, while tears slid down her cheeks. Her arms were wrapped around her belly.

The sight was like a kick to the gut.

"Bella, are you okay?" he asked stupidly.

She bit her lip, turning it as white as her face, before exhaling two words, "Doctor. Baby."

His heart slammed against his chest as he jumped up from bed. "Can you walk? Forget walking." He roared for his valet and dressed in record time. "I'll carry you, shall I?"

She nodded, looking so helpless that he wanted to curse and scream. However, he did none of that. Instead, he carefully scooped her up in his arms.

Kelly, his valet of five years, burst through the door, took one look at them, and immediately pulled out his mobile.

"Is there blood?" his wife whispered.

He sliced his gaze to the bed, finding the sheets pristine. "No."

"Put her back in bed," Kelly instructed, "Dr. Grahame is nearby."

"How bloody nearby?" Really, didn't they need to go to a hospital?

"She's coming up the drive as we speak," Kelly said. "The duchess isn't bleeding."

"Show Dr. Grahame up immediately," Liam ordered as he sat down on the bed with his wife. There was no way in hell he would relinquish his hold on her.

Her fingers tightened on his arm, turning into a death grip that had him wincing.

"It'll be okay, lass. Everything will be alright," he murmured to her in Gaelic. "The baby will be a strapping boy. Stubborn like his mother."

Bella smiled wanly, though he knew she didn't speak the language, and then grimaced. "Hurry."

"She's here. I'll get her." Kelly dashed off.

"Just a few minutes more, love," Liam said. "One time, when I was a boy, I wanted to go swimming in Loch Nairn."

Bella let out another whimper, and his heart slammed against his chest in fear, but he continued on with his story. It was all he could do.

"But my mother forbid it. It was March, after all, far too cold for a lad of ten. Wouldn't you know it, but as soon as her back was turned, I set off for that very loch, running the entire way. By the time I got there, I was sweating and the water looked like paradise. I stripped to my bare arse, stuck in a toe, and screamed bloody murder. Then, I slipped on the wet grass and fell in," He chuckled, despite remembering the millions of pricks of cold along his skin and how it felt as though he was being burned. "My mother yanked me out of the water by the hair, and asked if I enjoyed my swim. I was too stubborn to admit I hadn't, so I stood there, blue-lipped and shivering so hard that my knees were knocking."

"Then your mother took you to me, and I fixed you up with a nice hot toddy," Dr. Grahame said as she joined them by the bed.

"I didn't hear you come in," he said, but then Dr. Grahame had always been like that, stealthy and silent. She'd also always had kind, intelligent eyes.

The doctor laid a hand on Bella's forehead. "You look a bit peaked, dear. How long have the cramps been bothering you?"

"Since I woke up," Bella said. "Maybe forty minutes."

Jesus. Liam hugged her, pressing a kiss to her head. "My brave lass."

"If you'll allow me to examine your wife, Your Grace, I can better ascertain what's the matter with her."

He eyed the doctor for a moment and then let Bella go, settling her on the bed for the doctor to do her work. Since he had nothing to do but worry, he paced and kept his eyes averted while Dr. Grahame examined Bella.

God, he longed for a strong drink.

Bella whimpered again.

Make that several strong drinks.

"The baby's fine. Your uterus is nice and closed, everything feels as it should," he heard Dr. Grahame say as she pulled off her gloves and threw them away. "I think you haven't been drinking as much fluids as you need, and you're a bit stressed. Would that be a good assessment?"

"Yes."

"Don't look so ashamed, dearie. It's your first pregnancy. You can't know everything."

Bella got a funny look on her face, and he stopped pacing. His heart sped up as their eyes met. Her face flushed crimson. "It's not my first."

Dr. Grahame glanced at him, and then back at his wife. "Oh. Shall I ask Liam to leave us for a bit while I ask you a few more questions?"

"No." Her voice was weak, but her gaze on him remained steady. "My husband can stay."

"How long ago?"

"Eight years, when I was sixteen."

I haven't had sex since I was sixteen. That was her damn good reason.

"Did you carry the child to term?"

Tears flooded her eyes. "No, I had a miscarriage when I was four months along."

Oh, holy hell. She was that far along right now. No damn wonder she was so terrified and particular about everything.

"I'm guessing you've been extra careful with this one."

"Yes. I don't want to do anything to hurt this one. Not dye my hair, drink the wrong thing... nothing." Bella swiped away the tears that had fallen on her cheeks while he stood there in complete and utter shock. "The first time... I was stupid. I fell off a four-wheeler and hit the ground pretty hard." She knocked on her head. "I wore a helmet but that didn't help." She ended the word with a gulp.

He watched as the doctor took Bella's hand in hers. "It's not your fault."

Bella cried harder, great sobs that made her nose run and her face turn splotchy. He didn't think his heart had ever ached so much for another's pain. "Yes, it is. Heath yelled at me, because he was so mad and scared... and... I should have known better."

The bastard had yelled at her? If he ever saw him again, he'd give him a reason to yell. They'd been kids for God's sake. Why in the bloody hell had he blamed her?

Because he'd been a kid, too.

"It's not your fault," Dr. Grahame repeated, handing Bella a tissue from her doctor's bag.

"I can't forgive myself." Bella leaned back against the headboard and closed her eyes. "I know I need to, but I can't."

"Dr. Grahame, if everything is medically sound with Bella and the baby," he began, wanting his wife to hear her name first, "then I'd like to let her rest." While he did care for the child, it wasn't here yet, and she was. And as soon as the good doctor left, he intended to take Bella into his arms.

Dr. Grahame smiled, as if she could hear his thoughts. "Please come by my office first thing Monday morning. In the meantime, drink lots of fluids and rest, but if you feel worse tomorrow, call me."

"Thank you," he said as she left. Immediately, he crossed the room and got in bed with Bella.

Her eyes opened, raw pain fully on display. He held out his arms, and she went into them willingly. He stroked her hair, whispered nonsense, and told her every story he could think of, until he ran out of words. Then he simply held her, until she relaxed against him.

But she wasn't asleep. Her lashes fluttered up and down, eyes fixed on the opposite wall. What was she thinking? He wanted to know. Hell, he wanted to help her, but he wouldn't push her.

"Shall I ring for some soup?" he ventured, hoping against hope that this was the right tactic.

"Chicken and rice, please," she sniffed.

At least she was talking. That was a positive sign. "Perhaps a bit of wedding cake if you eat every last drop?"

"I'll get fat," she whispered.

He grinned against her forehead. "I certainly hope so."

"That's not nice, Liam."

"Pleasingly plump?"

She snorted. "Shut up."

"Then how will I order the soup and cake?" he teased.

"With your ducal powers."

They grew quiet again, and he made to leave.

"Can you hold me a little bit longer?" she asked, looking up at him.

In that moment something inside of him shifted. Or maybe it cracked. Or maybe it was nothing at all... except... "I'll hold you forever."

Bella had to stop looking at him. He sounded so sincere, and he seemed so concerned. But she couldn't be sure. Right now, she wasn't sure of anything, except that she was married to a man who didn't love her, yet said the most passionate, loving things to her.

"I'm sorry I didn't tell you," she said.

"No need to be sorry. It wasn't my business."

She frowned. Yes, she liked his answer, but he was always answering her like that. "But you shouldn't keep secrets in a marriage."

"I agree with you, but love, you were sixteen. In what way does that affect our marriage?"

"I think it just did."

"Other than medically, how does it effect our marriage? Do you have plans to rekindle your relationship with Heath?"

She shook her head. "No, I don't think of him like that anymore."

"Did he ever apologize?"

The fierce look in Liam's eyes almost took her breath away. "Yes, but I wouldn't listen. So as soon as we graduated, I went to college clear across the country. Away from him. Away from everyone." She'd never been so lonely in her life while living in Arizona. Sure, her mother's side of the family had been welcoming. They'd made sure to make her feel like one of them. That she wasn't a burden. That their home was her home, too.

"I dropped out after the first year, and started doing mission work instead. My parents were concerned, and then thrilled, when I followed in their footsteps," she said.

"You only became a missionary to please them?" he asked, his tone slightly accusing.

"No, I became a missionary to get over myself."

"Dr. Grahame is entirely right, you know. It wasn't your fault."

"In my head, I know it was an accident, but my choices hurt another. I know you don't believe like me, but," she put a hand over her stomach, "there was life inside of me. There was something in me created in love, and I didn't appreciate it. I pretended that I really wasn't pregnant because I didn't want to deal with it. I didn't want to disappoint my parents, and later... when I did miscarry, I felt relieved."

"Relieved," she repeated. "Because now no one but Heath, the emergency room doctor, and I would know. How selfish is that? How loving is that? What kind of mother is relieved when-when-?"

"Don't. I can't say I understand what you're going though, but I can remind you that you were only sixteen? You were a child."

"A child doing very grown-up things," she pointed out.

He grabbed her chin, gently forcing it up. "I'm not going to argue the point. But I will encourage you to think about the child you're carrying right now, and if all this self-loathing will help it. Or you, for that matter."

Her shoulders sagged. He was right. She knew he was right, but it still didn't make her confession hurt any less. "Can I have some milk with my cake?"

Letting go of her chin, he said, "You can have whatever you like." He rose from the bed and made to leave.

"Liam," she called out, right as he opened the door.

"Yes?"

"Can we do the honeymoon thing here? I don't want to be away from your doctor if I get dehydrated again." Right now, she couldn't imagine leaving this bed, much less the country.

"Are you certain?"

She nodded. "Very. I mean, look at where am I. In Scotland. Sleeping in a castle. With a handsome duke."

He rubbed his chin. "When you put it that way... so very flattering you are, lass."

"It's a part of my southern charm," she said.

"Consider your wishes fulfilled. Now, I need to see a man about a cake." He disappeared around the open door, but she could hear him whistling as he went.

Despite herself, despite everything, she smiled. Genuinely smiled. Then she placed her hand on her abdomen again. "I promise to be more careful. There are so many people who love you and can't wait to meet you, me included."

She hoped her promise would be enough, because in that dark moment of losing her first child, she had forgotten her faith. And it had taken longer than she liked to rediscover it.

Chapter Thirteen

It was hard enough keeping the fact that a doctor came to see her early this morning a secret, but having to say goodbye to her parents almost had her on her knees, begging them to stay. Who else would she turn to for advice and guidance?

She had always lived near them. Always showed up for Sunday dinners and impromptu Friday night cookouts. She loved watching after her brothers and sister so her parents could go out for a night on the town, without worrying overly much.

She loved her hometown of Holland Springs. She suddenly realized that she would miss living there, more than she thought she would. She couldn't see Liam moving there. Ever.

And maybe she was too much of a coward to ask him to consider it, but she didn't care right now. Or maybe she was too prideful to care. Here, at least, no one knew her, and they wouldn't talk about how she'd fallen.

She waved one last time at her parents before their car disappeared in the curve of the road that led away from Wintersea.

Liam's warm fingers laced with hers. He didn't say anything, and she appreciated that. There was nothing he could say right now to make her feel better.

"I'd like for them to come stay with us when my due date gets closer," she said.

"Yes, of course," he said. "They are welcome to come before then, too. As is the rest of your family."

She waited for him to say something about them visiting Holland Springs, but when he said nothing at all, she sighed.

He turned to her, concern etched on his face. "Are you all right?"

No, she wasn't all right, but it wasn't his fault. "Just tired."

"Shall I take you to bed?" he asked and, despite the innocence of his question, her cheeks began to heat.

"I... I can find the way to my room," she said, trying to buy more time. She didn't want to rest for the entire afternoon, in his bedroom or hers. And she didn't want to be by herself.

"I'd hoped you'd share mine, like you did last night."

She searched his face. "I know I'm feeling better today, but we can't do anything until after my checkup on Monday."

He frowned. "That's not what I meant."

"Oh."

"You're my wife now, and I've no desire to have separate beds. Unless, you've changed your mind."

"Our vows by the chapel," she murmured. "No, I meant them."

His frown eased into a small smile. "I meant them too, perhaps more than our vows yesterday."

She continued to stand there, staring at him, unsure of what to say next.

"Are you too tired to go for a walk?" he asked. "There's something I'd like to show you."

*

The wind whipped at her hair as she stood at the edge of a sharp cliff overlooking the ocean. Waves crashed against the shore below, while birds cried out as they flew over it all.

It was beautiful and stark and made tears come to her eyes. The wind blew with such force that she had to take a couple of steps back.

"You're not afraid?" Liam asked, catching hold of her.

She threw her arms out and tilted her head to the sun. "I'm in awe of God's creation. This is such a masterpiece. Don't you think so?'

"In awe of the power of nature, and how the land crashed together to form mountains and pulled apart to form oceans? Sure," he said, and she felt him shrug.

She twisted her lips. "At least we can agree on the beauty of it."

"Have you ever considered you might not be right?" he asked.

Without missing a beat, she said, "Have you?"

"Aye," he answered honestly. "I wonder if there is something bigger than us, then I worry that there's nothing bigger than us. And what if there is no purpose to this life? What if we're nothing but the whim of a bored God?"

Turning to face him, she laced her fingers in his. "Like the Roman and Greek gods? Pretty selfish beings if you go by what was written about them."

He raised a brow. "You were allowed to learn about them?"

She grinned. "Oh yes. Science, too. Don't tell anyone back home, or they might kick me out of church. Wait, my dad's the pastor, and he and my mom chose to send me to public school." She added the last sentence with a laugh.

He rubbed the back of his neck. "I'm constantly amazed by you."

"Because I like to learn things?" She didn't know whether to take that as a compliment or an insult.

"No, that you didn't latch on to my questions and try to shove something down my throat that I'm not ready for," he said.

She touched his cheek, enjoying the feel of the dark stubble there. "I'm not going to take your willingness to be vulnerable and honest with me as a sign to start quoting Bible verses."

He tilted his head to one side. "What will you do?"

Love you, she almost blurted. "Continue to get to know you. Share my greatest fears and joys."

"And what's your greatest fear?" he asked in a low voice.

"The same thing as my greatest joy," she replied.

His dark brows drew together. "I don't catch your meaning."

She took his hand and placed it over her stomach. "This."

"I swear to do everything in my power to make sure that your greatest fear doesn't come true," he said fiercely. "Nothing is too great a sacrifice for me to make."

She gave him a tremulous smile, tears falling. "Thank you."

*

Early Monday afternoon, Liam worked on Wintersea's budget for the next fiscal quarter, breathing a sigh of relief when he realized just how much in the black they would finally be.

Finally, he could go to work every day without the weight of the world on his shoulders. Finally, he could enjoy this bloody castle without the crushing guilt that always accompanied coming here. But would he ever really be welcome? He wanted to go to Geimhreadh, instead of Inverness. He wanted to drink at the pub and play darts. He wanted to be something other than an absentee landlord.

Hell, he didn't want to be a lord at all, much less a Your Grace. But he'd inherited the title-headaches and all. So, it was his duty to do the best with it. Yet, he had absolutely no idea what that looked like beyond using the money he'd inherited.

The door to his study opened and Bella walked inside, eating a rather messy-looking snack. "Your cook made sopapillas for me. Almost as good as my momma's." Honey dripped from her fingers and onto the plate. "Want some?"

He glanced at the nearly empty plate. "I'll pass."

"Don't know what you're missing," she said, and then scarfed down the rest. "If you weren't here, I'd probably lick the plate."

He raised a disbelieving brow.

She rolled her eyes. "Fine. There's no probably about it."

"Eat what you like, Bella. However you like," he said with a laugh. "Honestly, I'm glad to see you feeling better."

"You were there for the appointment. Dr. Grahame said I am super healthy, and so is our baby."

Yes, the good doctor had, he thought. And he was very thankful. "Why don't you hang out with me for a bit? I'm done with my work for the day."

"Sure." She licked her fingers, and then looked around the room. "Where can I put this?"

He pointed to a spot on his desk. "When Trevor comes in, he'll take it down to the kitchens."

"Like a resort," she said, curling up in a chair before the fire. "I'm getting spoiled, and it's only been a few days."

Stretching out his legs, he settled back in his seat. "Honeymoon perk."

"But it's like this all the time, right?"

His mouth quirked on one side. "Yes."

"Is that why you don't usually stay for very long?"

"Listening to gossip, Duchess?"

Her cheeks turned pink. "I might have overhead some things while I was in the kitchen."

"You might have, eh?" He glanced up at the ceiling, at the massive beams and sooty plaster, and then back at her. He wasn't quite sure why, but he hated the fact that the servants were talking about him in front of Bella. Yes, he knew people talked. That was a fact of life, but he'd rather she come to him if she had questions.

"You got that look on your face again," she said.

"I'm not arguing with myself."

"Then what are you doing?"

"I don't like people talking about me," he confessed. "And I don't like you listening to it."

She gave him a sympathetic look and rose from the chair, then crossed the room to come stand behind him. Her hands settled on his shoulders, fingers digging in a little. "You are so tense."

"And you are trying to manipulate me."

"No, I want you to keep talking," she said, and leaned forward. Her dark hair brushed the side of his face. "This is how my parents work things out."

"Your mother massages your father's shoulders?" He groaned as she found a particularly sore spot.

"No, the person who's upset gets the massage while the other gets the floor and the time to speak their peace, without being accusatory," she explained.

"Why?"

"Because it's hard for two people to stay angry if they're focused on each other," she said and kissed him on the cheek before she straightened and started massaging him again. "Spill it, Stewart."

"Cheeky," he admonished.

She giggled. "Cagey."

He exhaled and closed his eyes as she worked on his shoulders. "I have no idea what to do now that I have the money to accomplish all that I've dreamt of doing. For so long, I've held myself apart from everyone, because I had so much guilt, that I'm not sure if I'd be welcomed in Geimhreadh."

"And you want to be welcomed there. You want to be treated like everyone else," she said. "Nothing wrong with that."

He chuckled, his eyes opening. He stared at the Stewart Coat of Arms that hung above the fireplace mantle. "Thank you. However, I need to do something more. Something the entire town, whether they directly benefit from Wintersea Castle or not, could enjoy."

"What about a wedding reception for the entire town to come to?" Bella asked. "When I was in the village, I noticed that there was a huge green space in the middle of town. We could ask whoever's in charge for permission. Then we could have food, drinks, and a band for dancing. Everyone could come, including kids, because we could start it at supper time."

There was so much enthusiasm in her voice that Liam found himself getting caught up in her idea. "Perhaps in two weeks' time."

Bella clapped, right beside his ear, and he winced. "We have to get invitations out as soon as possible!"

"I'll make an announcement on the town's community e-board."

She came around his chair and fisted her hand on her hips. "Not just there. You want everyone to feel included and special."

"Eight hundred invitations?"

A smile lit up her face. "We can totally order them online, and then have them delivered, right?"

"Right," he agreed.

"Okay, so you take care of the permission thing, and I'll take care of the rest-that is, if you don't mind." She bit the side of her lip.

He grabbed her fist and brought it to his mouth, kissing her knuckles and then letting her hand go. "I'll secure permission and help you with the rest."

"This is going to be so much fun, Liam," she said, and fairly danced out the room.

Chapter Fourteen

As a young man, Liam had both loved and hated Wintersea. It had stood for the man who neglected him and for the grandfather that wanted to do right by him.

And now, he sliced his gaze to Bella. She was examining the rock wall of an ancient bridge.

"How old is this?" she asked, peering over the top to see the stream below it. "Do you go swimming down there?"

"Centuries, and I go fishing there."

She glanced back at him. "Will you take me with you the next time you go? We can have a fish fry when we're done."

For some reason, he tried to picture Verity sitting on the banks of the stream, bare feet in the water while she held a fishing pole in her hands, and he failed. Spectacularly.

"Did you go fishing with Peter?" he asked, feeling guilty for thinking of another woman.

"Once, but he got seasick."

Liam gave her a look. "What kind of streams do you have in Holland Springs?"

"Men of Peter's standing don't go fishing in streams or lakes. They do deep-sea fishing," she said with a little bit of scorn in her voice. "They charter a boat and have someone else bait their hooks." Her eyes widened, as if she just realized what she said. "Not that there's anything wrong with that, but I prefer to do it how my dad taught me."

"No worries, Bella. I bait my own hook," he said, grinning. "I even clean and gut them, then cook my catch over a fire."

A playful gleam entered Bella's eyes. "I'm craving locally caught fish, and since it's your husbandly duty to take care of me..."

He threw his head back and laughed. "If my duchess wants to fish, then fish she shall."

It only took twenty minutes and a rather harried-looking employee to find the supplies they needed.

Bella had hitched up her dress to her thighs, dangling her legs over the side, while he leaned against a tree. Every now and then, she would dip her toes in the water and let out the most adorable squeaks.

"Still freezing," she pronounced. "It has to be too cold for the fish. They can't be normal fish, bless their hearts."

His bobber dipped below the waterline, and he started to reel his catch in. "They'll be warm enough when I'm cooking them. Grab the net, love."

She clapped, almost dropped her pole, and then grabbed the net at the last minute. "I got him," she cried, scooping up the speckled trout.

He closed the net just above the wriggling fish and shook it at her. "Care to do the honors?"

"I don't like taking out the hook," she said, turning a little green. "Too much blood."

"Sorry," he said, setting his pole down and taking the net from her. "I'll take care of our dinner." He unhooked the fish and placed it in the cooler, which was filled with water and the three he'd caught earlier, before closing the lid and washing off his hands.

Bella patted the ground beside her. "Come sit with me." She set her pole down.

He propped his against the tree and joined her, taking off his shoes and socks, then rolling up his trousers. Sticking his feet into the brook, he exhaled.

"I take back what I said about the fish. You're not normal."

"It's nearly September, Bella. The water feels bloody good."

"Bloody good, my butt," she muttered, and he had to smile at her saying something so vulgar.

"You do realize what bloody means?"

Her brows rose, and then lowered. "No, and I don't want to know."

He held up his hands. "Fine. But I'll advise you not to say it in front of company."

"Tell me more about your grandfather," she said suddenly. "About what you were like as a kid."

He ran a hand through his hair. "He was exactly as you'd picture a Scotsman. Gruff, proud, fiercely independent, and loyal. He was also extremely strict."

"And you didn't like that?" she asked.

"Nay." He picked a blade of grass and slid his fingers along the length. "But I wanted to please him. So I studied, change my ways, and became the man you see before you."

Bella picked up a smooth rock, turned it over in her hands, and then tossed it in, causing the water to ripple. "What about your mother?"

"She was out of her element.

"So am I," she said. "But I have you to help me."

"My father didn't care about helping us." He let the blade of grass fall to the ground. "He cared more about his friends, his pub, and his lifestyle, without us. I'm still not sure why he married my mother."

She looked at him, without judgment. "Maybe he loved her?"

The image of his mother's face whenever his dad walked through the front door came to mind. As a child, he couldn't understand why she didn't throw herself into his arms, but as he grew older and now as a man looking back, he recognized the wariness. He recognized the longing and utter desolation when she realized he was only staying long enough to soothe his own conscience.

He never wanted a woman to look at him like that.

"Perhaps." He flexed his feet. "But doubtful."

"Then why did he marry her?"

"Because he needed an heir, or my grandfather was going to cut him off. My mother conveniently became pregnant, and he continued to get his allowance," Liam replied without thinking.

Bella looked away, and then down at her hands. "Oh."

"It's not the same," he said, covering her small hands with his. They were cold. He frowned, thinking that he needed to make a fire or head back.

"I didn't say it was."

At a loss, Liam turned their conversation to where they always agreed. "I haven't kissed you today."

That got her attention. She jerked her head up to stare at him. Her golden eyes were wide. "I haven't kissed you either."

"Maybe we could meet in the middle?" he asked, already leaning towards her.

She nodded. "The middle is good. I like the middle. The middle is the best part of Oreos and brownies."

"You've a gorgeous mouth, Bella. Makes me think of so many wicked things you could be doing with it, besides eating sweets."

"I'm out of practice. You'll have to show me how again," she said, and his blood began to heat.

"Still the only one to teach you?" he asked, although he already knew the answer.

She licked her lips. "You know you are."

"Still liked to hear it confirmed." He winked.

"I would think a duke would be above all that," she said, inching ever closer to his mouth.

"A duke needs his duchess to properly compliment him."

"This duchess needs her duke to stop talking so dang much and kiss me," she grumbled.

He took her face between his hands and, ever so lightly, he kissed her lips. Then pulled back. "Satisfied?"

"No," she said, grabbing his shoulders. "I want more."

This time when their mouths met, it was all consuming. She took and she gave, she teased and she explored. He threaded his fingers in her hair, deepening their kiss. She made a little satisfied noise in her throat, and he couldn't stop his smile.

"Are you laughing at me?" she asked between kisses.

He kissed his way along her jaw. "Never," he said, biting down on the lobe of her ear.

Giggling, her shoulder came up. "That tickles."

"Now who's laughing?" He worried the delicate shell, and her head tilted down.

"Stop, stop," she said, laughing harder. "I can't take it."

He nuzzled her neck. "Does this tickle?"

"No." The word was barely audible.

"What about," he let his mouth travel lower and licked the tops of her breasts, "this? Does this make you want to laugh?" He cupped her, rubbing his thumbs across her hard nipples. "You're not laughing, Bella."

Her eyes, dazed with lust, became heavy-lidded. "Do you want me to laugh at you?"

"What do you think?" He kept his eyes on her face as he lowered his mouth to her delicate skin. He was hard, his skin drawn tight over his muscles, and he was tormenting himself by playing with her like this.

But he couldn't seem to stop. She tasted to good, responded so sweetly, and-

"I think we should st-stop," she said, pushing at his shoulders. "I'm not ready to make love to you again. Not yet."

Curbing his rampant desire for her, he let go of her breasts and sat up. "Kissing doesn't have to lead to sex."

She let out a shaky breath. "With us, everything leads to sex."

He canted his head side to side, considering her words. "You make an excellent point."

"You're not upset?"

"I'm disappointed." He discreetly adjusted himself. "Upset implies that I'm angry."

She laced her fingers with his. "This is hard."

You have no idea, he thought wryly.

"We've been intimate before, but I can't ... not even with Dr. Grahame saying it was okay for us. I need a little time." Bowing her head, she pulled his hand into her lap. She touched his knuckles, one at a time, and then traced the circle of his wedding band. "I'm not upholding my end of our vows very well, am I?"

"I'd rather we sleep together because you want to, than because you feel it's a marital duty."

A tear fell on his hand. "I feel so stupid again."

This time, he pulled her into his lap and held her there. "You are not stupid."

She sniffed. "Then what am I?"

"Pregnant."

She snorted. "Well, duh."

"I've read it can make one highly emotional." He'd started reading up on pregnancies, not just so he could know what to expect, but so he could be as prepared as possible for what she might need-emotionally and physically. He didn't know any other way to do it.

"You don't have to read it; you're living with a highly emotional woman."

She sounded so forlorn that he hugged her tighter to him. "Stop being so hard on yourself. We'll get us sorted." One day. He'd wait patiently for her to feel comfortable around him again. But being patient didn't mean he wouldn't try to help her get comfortable faster. "In the meantime, I'd like another kiss."

Her head tipped up, nearly crashing into his chin. "I'm a sniffly mess."

"I find sniffly messes to be extremely hot."

She laughed so hard that she fell backwards, and he had to catch her before she dove into the brook. "You are such a liar, Liam Stewart. But I love you for it."

He cocked his head to the side.

"I mean, I like you for it." Her gaze skittered away. "You know what I meant."

He did know what she meant. He knew her tender heart better than she thought. Bella would have never married him if she hadn't felt something.

She wasn't desperate like he was.

"Bella," he said softly, but she wouldn't look at him. Instead, she got up from his lap and started packing up their supplies.

"I can't wait to eat all that fish. Maybe we can have some hushpuppies with it. Does your cook know how to make that?"

"Probably not," she said, answering her own question. "I can do it. You'll like them, Liam."

"I'm sure I will."

"It's mostly butter and cornmeal. What's not to like?" she said with a forced cheerfulness that made his chest ache.

He rubbed the back of his neck, and then got up to help her.

No, she would never be as cold and calculating as he had become in the past year.

And they both knew it.

Chapter Fifteen

Over the next few days, Bella finally felt well enough to explore more than just the grounds of Wintersea. Liam jumped at the chance to get her out of the house. He practically dressed her himself, and carried her all the way to the car.

"Never did get to carry you over the threshold," he said, placing her in the passenger side of the Range Rover. "And we can't have that." He kissed her hand, and she almost melted into the leather seat. "I took the liberty and had the cook pack a snack for you as well as some bottles of water."

Yep, she was a total puddle. "That was sweet of you."

Flashing her a smile, he closed her door and jogged around the front. Once he got inside and started up the truck, he said, "I hope you don't mind if I take you to Inverness."

"Isn't that where the Loch Ness Monster lives?" she asked, giddy. "Maybe we'll be the ones to finally see her."

"You believe in that?"

"I don't not believe," she said cheerfully. "Anything is possible in this world."

"The two of us certainly proves that theory," he said, downshifting.

"I think it proves that God has a sense of humor."

"Damn straight."

She laughed at the resignation in his voice because she knew he didn't mean it like that. Pretty soon, he joined in.

And she thought it was a very good beginning to their honeymoon.

They spent the first part of the day exploring the town, the shops, and they frequently stopped so she could rest. He made sure to keep her water bottle filled and her stomach happy by feeding her. He made her feel completely silly, but in the best possible of ways.

He was kind and considerate.

A woman turned to look at him with a sort of you-go-girl smile on her face. Bella gave her a friendly smirk and then gazed at her husband. At his close-cropped dark hair, at his sexy, obsidian-colored eyes, and the way his lean muscles filled out his stylish clothes.

She sighed.

Her husband was sexy and handsome, and he only had eyes for her. It was as if no other woman existed, but her, while they walked hand in hand and explored Inverness.

The weather cooperated as well, turning unseasonably warm without a hint of rain as they explored old ruins and the shoreline of the loch. It was as if Mother Nature knew she and Liam needed one day of pure joy.

By the time they headed back home, sans picture of Nessie, she could barely keep her eyes open.

"Sleep, Bella. I promise there's nothing more exciting than sheep trying to cross the road at inopportune moments," he said.

"But it's the first day of our honeymoon," she protested, her mouth cracking on a yawn. "We're supposed to go all night."

His warm hand covered hers. "Is that an invitation to your bed?"

Her pulse sped up. Suddenly, she wasn't so sleepy. "Are you kicking me out of yours?"

"Absolutely not. I want you to be in my bed." His voice dropped lower. "I want to be in you."

A rush of air left her. Her chest heaved like a heroine in an old romance novel, and warmth spread through her, straight from where she throbbed. She felt alive. Sexy.

She wanted to seduce her husband. She wanted the intimacy she associated with sex. She wanted to be touched by him, wanted to be loved, even if just physically, for a little while.

"How much longer?" she asked.

"Eight minutes, give or take."

"I prefer both," she said, catching his eye, before he glanced back at the road. "Giving and taking."

He tensed, the knuckles of his hand turning white. She watched his jaw work, his muscles flex under his shirt. It was as if he were holding himself back.

That wouldn't do on their honeymoon. Or what was left of it. "Have you ever been parking?" she asked.

"Sorry?"

"Driven into a deserted field and made out. I think you'd say snogged?"

The Range Rover skidded to a stop. He put the SUV into reverse, threw one arm over the seat behind her, and stomped on the gas, before righting the vehicle. Then he turned on the next dirt path, drove until trees surrounded them, and put it in park.

"You were saying?" He turned to her, his eyes glittering as the last rays of the sun highlighted his face.

She took off her seatbelt and kicked off her shoes. "Talking is so overrated. And some things could be lost in translation." She crawled over the console between them and straddled his lap, coming into direct contact with his erection. "Like this," she lightly ground against him and then rubbed the heel of her hand down the length, eliciting a groan from him, "is practically begging for attention. But just from me."

Leaning his seat back as far as it could go, he simultaneously unbuckled his seatbelt. "You seem to be very fluent." He tilted his head to one side, studying her. She fought back the blush that threatened to interrupt her confidence. "But," he stroked his hand across her cheek, "perhaps further testing is needed."

Keeping her gaze on his, she pulled her sweater up and over her head. Her hair fell around her shoulders, and her breasts bounced with the movement. Her nipples tightened. She had a feeling Liam missed none of that.

"Lace. Lovely." His hand trailed down her neck, his thumb brushing her collarbone and then settling between her breasts. "Your heart is beating so hard against my palm."

She gave him a siren's smile. "I'm excited."

One corner of his mouth curved up. "As you should be."

Leaning forward a little, she nipped at his bottom lip. "You should be excited, too."

He thrust his hips up, making the hard length of him press against her core. "I believe we've already established my... excitement."

She wriggled out of her skirt and then her panties. "I'm naked, and you're not."

"Can't have that," he said against her mouth. "Help me."

Her fingers trembled with excitement as she pushed and pulled and unbuttoned and tugged on his clothes.

"Better?" he asked, settling her astride him again. His erection slid through her curls.

"Much better." She leaned forward, kissing his neck and nibbling her way to his jaw.

"I like this parking idea of yours," he said.

Smiling, she lifted her hips and grasped his hard length in her hand, teasing them both. She slid the head of him against her clit, where she was swollen and wet, over and over, until he grabbed her hips and started guiding her movements.

"Let me in," he growled.

She rocked away from him. "Not yet."

"Bella. Oh God. Bella," he panted as the tip slid in and then, just as quickly, she shifted to one side, dislodging him. "You are such a cocktease."

Tilting her head to one side, she asked, "Is that a good thing or a bad thing?"

All at once, he shifted his hips and thrust up, sending his cock deep inside of her. "It's good now."

She groaned, letting her head fall back, and then his mouth was tugging one of her nipples inside. She slammed her hands against the roof of the SUV, bracing herself as she rode him.

He wrapped his arms around her and crushed her against him, thrusting inside of her so hard that she couldn't do anything but take it. She wanted to take it. She wanted him, all of him, and she wanted him deep.

"Feels so damn good," he said and then bit her shoulder. "I've not been with anyone since you. I've nae wanted anyone like I want you."

She wanted him just like this. Out of control. In the moment. She brought her arms down, wrapped them around his neck, and held on. He whispered to her in Gaelic, words that sounded romantic and sexy. Words that she would never remember to look up, because he was distracting her with his body.

"Only you, Liam," she said. "Only us."

"Aye." He licked her throat. "Only me." He thrust harder. "No other man, but me. No other woman, but you."

"I know, Liam. I know," she said softly, feeling the overwhelming urge to comfort him.

He stopped moving and gazed into her eyes, then looked down to where they were joined. She looked, too. He lifted her slightly, so that she could watch him disappear inside of her each time he moved.

"Now it's my turn to tease. It's my turn to make you mindless," he said as he went deep. He started a slow grind that made her eyes water. "Try talking now, lass. Try talking now."

She couldn't talk, at least not in complete sentences. All she could do was beg and plead for him to move faster.

There was nothing in the world that existed for her but Liam. He was at the center of her pleasure.

His hand coasted down her back, and then around to the front, where he tweaked each nipple and made her cry out. He cupped her breasts, told her how beautiful they were, and then slowly, languidly, he teased the tip of each one. Pleasure spilled over her as he touched, kissed, and stroked.

He slid his hands up the delicate skin of her inner thighs, closer and closer to where she wanted him to touch her. His fingers dipped into her wetness, and she shuddered.

Finally, finally, he touched her where she wanted, circling her clit, over and over, until she was begging him to end her torture.

"Not yet," he murmured, and then he bit the side of her neck.

"Please," she cried out in pure sexual frustration. She wanted to come, more than anything. "Please."

He gently flicked her clit with his thumb, and she almost went over the edge right then. He slid deeper inside of her, and she raked her nails down his back.

"Like that, do you?" He touched her there again and again.

This time, she didn't beg at all. She couldn't. She had no words. He sucked at her skin, played with her swollen flesh, and kept up his steady pace.

Another thrust and he anchored her against him, making her clit rub against him in such a way that she immediately came, her orgasm turning her inside out.

"Liam," she gasped as she shattered around him.

"So beautiful," he said softly.

Then, he picked up his pace, slamming her hips down. He was frantic, not holding back anymore, and then he was filling her, his fingers tight on her hips. She heard him say her name, heard him groan as he jolted inside of her.

Bella collapsed against him, emotions overwhelming her while he gently stroked her back. This was more than sex, more than a summer fling... what had happened between them was more.

It felt a lot like love.

Chapter Sixteen

Liam couldn't sleep. His mind whirled like a dervish, constantly showing him images of his day with Bella-and their evening.

Her riding him, her breasts bouncing with the movement, and her hard nipples in his face. They'd made the SUV rock. Something he'd never had the opportunity to do before, but only because he'd never thought of it.

It was... gratifying as hell.

Not only that, it had been sweet. She'd been sweet, like before, and he suspected, like she'd be every time. It was in her nature to be so giving. So trusting.

Yet, there was an undercurrent of wariness there. He had it himself. One too many people, one too many times, had let him down. Even his best mate, Sebastian, had let him down. Bella had let him down, that first weekend they'd spent together.

Or perhaps no one had let him down.

Perhaps his bloody self-righteous arse held everyone who dared to grow close to him to an unattainable standard. Perhaps he put them on a pedestal with wobbly legs, knowing they would fall, and then he'd have the chance to catch them.

But not, he admitted, to help them back up again.

Everyone fell, including him.

He rolled to one side, propping up his head with hand, and stared at his bride. Moonlight streamed through the windows, between the wide part of the heavy curtain, giving him an unobstructed view of her face.

"Beautiful lass," he murmured. Inside and out. This marriage could work. Really work, if the past two weeks were any indication.

*

Liam surveyed the area as he and Bella made their way to the center of the dance floor. A microphone waited for him, as he was expected to give a speech to the residents of Geimhreadh.

Bella squeezed his arm reassuringly. "You'll do great," she whispered as they came to a stop.

Every eye was on them. The noise was comfortably loud. People were actually enjoying the food and drinks.

He raised a hand, and the noise died down. "My duchess and I want to thank each of you for coming this evening. Celebrating our wedding with Geimhreadh means the world to us, and we hope that you have already enjoyed the evening as much as we did planning it."

There was a polite round of applause.

He grinned. "To be honest, I have to confess that my bride was the one responsible for everything."

Beside him, Bella waved at the crowd. He knew she was smiling, because everyone was smiling right back at her.

"We did this together," she said. "Liam and I are a team, and together we want to work to make Geimhreadh the place for tourists to visit, with your help, of course. Geimhreadh is nothing without you. Wintersea is nothing but a pretty castle without you."

The partygoers were all in now, he noted. "To that end, Bella and I are requesting that you consider joining the newly formed Geimhreadh Council for Village Tourism."

"But not tonight," he added, and a few laughed. "Tonight is for celebrating."

Liam nodded at the band to begin playing. The microphone was transferred to the stage as he took his duchess in his arms.

"You look beautiful tonight," he murmured.

"Thank you." Her eyes sparkled. "You look handsome. But I'm a little sad."

He almost frowned, but then remembered that everyone was staring at them as they danced. "Why is that?" Did she miss her family? Was she imagining this happening in Holland Springs? God, how could have he been so selfish as not to suggest that?

"You're not wearing a kilt."

"A kilt-that's what making you sad?"

She shrugged a little as he spun her around. "You have really nice legs."

"I don't have to wear a kilt for you to see those, lass."

She turned a charming shade of pink. "I know. But I had these expectations of Scottish men."

"Men?" Jealousy began to burn, despite the fact that she was in his arms, only looked at him, and wanted to see him in a bloody kilt.

"Man. You. Better?" she asked, and he nodded. "I expected to see you in a kilt for at least one official occasion. This would be one of them."

"And what would you do with me, if I wore such a thing?" he asked, warming to her flirting. Because that was exactly what she was doing. Flirting with him.

"I'd ogle you. A lot."

"That's all?"

"Super lustful thoughts would occur," she said.

"But no acting on them?"

She gave him a teasing grin. "Depended on the kilt."

He threw his head back and laughed. The villagers took that as their cue to join in the dancing. The music sped up and, pretty soon, traditional dances were being taught to Bella. He lost sight of her at one point, and his gut clenched.

Then her pretty, purple dress caught his eye, and he heaved a sigh of relief. For the rest of the night, he kept a watchful eye on her as she danced, ate, and talked with every single person there.

Bella glowed, her genuine happiness apparent. People responded to her, because she took the time to listen. He could tell by the way she held herself, by the way she looked each person in the eye, and focused on them.

"A treasure," he said into his drink. That was what he'd gotten by marrying Bella. He had always known he needed his inheritance, but he'd never knew how much he needed another person, until her.

He set his bottle of beer down, and made his way to his bride. Her smile grew brighter when she spied him, and his heart turned over in his chest.

She nearly ran to him, throwing her arms around his neck and saying, "This is the best party ever, Liam. Everyone is having a great time."

"But is my duchess?" he asked, more concerned for her than anything or anyone else.

"I am now." She stood on her toes and gave him a long, slow kiss that heated him all the way to his toes.

"Ready to go home?"

Her eyes burned brightly. "To bed?"

"The bed, the floor, the dresser. Take your pick," he said, his body growing hard at the thought of being inside her again.

"I'll take everything," she said and nuzzled his ear. "Every last inch."

A hand on his arm kept him from sweeping her up in his arms and running back to Wintersea. "May I have this dance, Your Grace?"

Liam turned to find one of the village shopkeepers standing beside him. "As long as my duchess doesn't mind."

"I would never mind you dancing with Mrs. MacDuncan, but you," Bella placed a possessive palm on Liam's chest and gave the woman a quasi-stern look, "you better return him to me before the end of the night, young lady."

The elderly Mrs. MacDuncan giggled. "No worries, Your Grace. I only had an eye for the grandfather. Can't feel up the lad I've seen in nappies."

Bella snorted. "Have fun, you two."

Liam raised a brow. "Oh, we will."

To his shock, Mrs. MacDuncan patted his arse, and then gave it a little squeeze. "Fine man you've grown to be."

He glanced over his shoulder at Bella. Her eyes were wide as she covered her mouth with one hand. "Just you wait," he mouthed to her.

The minx blew him a kiss in response.

Yeah, life with Bella would be amazing.

Chapter Seventeen

"Do you mind if we take the train today?" Liam asked while they ate breakfast in bed. He'd served her, of course. Had even gone down to the kitchen and prepared the meal himself. Which meant it had tasted like shite and he had to get Mrs. Pottelsman to sort it all out.

"Are you taking me somewhere far away?" she asked, excitement lighting up her face.

"To a local festival," he said, purposefully vague. "Don't Google it. I want you to be surprised."

She managed to wrap her arms around his neck, without jostling the tray in her lap too much. "I love surprises."

"Do you now?" He loved the feel of her breasts pressed against him. The soft curves that made him to want to nibble every sweet inch.

"I love your accent, too."

"Why is that?" He had to know.

She blushed. "Because it gets thicker when you're turned on."

"Aye. It gets longer as well." He winked.

She giggled, rolling her eyes playfully. "That's not what I meant."

"Then I'm guessing you'd nae be interested in a quick tumble, Duchess. A shame, since ye look mighty tempting this fine mornin'."

Her blush grew rosier. He'd never seen a woman get that red, or flustered, as she sighed and looked everywhere but at him.

"I'd very interested," she said, finally gazing at him.

He could see his image in her golden eyes. His hair was mussed and his jaw was covered with dark stubble, but that was to be expected. What wasn't expected was the expression on his face. The sublime mixture of desire, playfulness, and emotion that might have resembled love, if he still believed it in.

Then she tilted up her chin, and kissed him. He closed his eyes, kissed her back, and forgot about everything-including the tray as it went crashing to the floor-but how she physically made him feel.

*

The train pulled into a station brightly decorated with flowers, flags, and plaid material. Swarms of people milled around, talking and buying things from vendors who had carts set up near the platform. They looked happy, excited, and proud.

Bella's eyes couldn't help but widen at all of it.

She turned excitedly to Liam as he returned from the bathroom and entered their private room, practically bouncing in her seat. "Is this festival for the whole town?" she asked, and then her jaw dropped.

Liam wore a purple, green, blue, and red kilt, with a wide belt, a pouch made of fur and leather in the middle, and a white, button-down shirt. His boots were polished, and his socks matched the material of the tartan.

"You're wearing a kilt," she said, stating the very obvious.

"I'm wearing the Chief's tartan. I'm the head of my clan." He tilted his head at a cocky angle. "Most of the men attending today will be wearing something like this."

"So, you're finally wearing a kilt for me," she said with a little clap.

"Aye."

She wondered if he wore anything underneath it at all.

He leaned forward and dipped his head. "I ken what you're thinking, lass. And it's true."

"What's true?"

The sexiest smile she'd ever seen curved his lips. "I'm not wearing a bloody damn thing."

Oh. My. Gosh. He was joking. He had to be joking. "What if the wind blows your kilt up?" She licked her lips as she ran her gaze over him once more. She had a feeling she would be doing that all day.

He shrugged and then straightened. Then he did something that she never in a million years thought she'd find sexy. Or maybe because she'd never thought she'd ever seen a man doing it. Hitching up one side of his kilt, he turned around and cast a glance over his shoulder. "How do my legs look, lass?"

His legs? She could barely tear her gaze away from his tight, muscular bare butt. "You weren't kidding," she breathed.

"If I wore anything under it, then it would be a skirt."

"We can't have that, can we?" She had to look away. Only, she didn't want to look away. She didn't have to look away. Liam and his bare behind were hers. If she wanted to bite or smack one of his cheeks, she could and he, the lusty man, would probably order her to do it again.

He let the material fall, and her lips drew up into a pout.

"I wasn't done looking," she complained as he held out his hand. She took it and stood on her feet.

"I assumed you wanted to go the festival today," he said, and she didn't miss the gleam in his dark eyes.

"I do."

"Then you were done looking."

"Boo."

He grunted. "Really, Bella, a duchess should have more control."

She grabbed his butt and squeezed. "Not this duchess."

He wrapped his arms around her. "Thank the Lord above."

"Can I get one to wear?"

"If ye want."

"You're really laying it on thick, you know. You don't have to be more Scottish than you already are."

His face grew dark. "I'm not pretending, but if my accent offends you, then I'll be careful with it," he said in clipped tones.

Letting go of his bottom, she laid her head on his chest. She could hear the steady beat of his heart. "I was flirting with you, not making fun."

He exhaled. "Sorry. Old habit. When my grandfather decided it was his duty to make me a proper gentleman, he constantly lectured me on my speech, my clothes, my walk... my posture. You name it. I ran wild as a child, so conforming to his standards wasn't easy."

Her heart went out to him. "I'm sorry, Liam."

He kissed the top of her head. "Not your fault."

"I won't tease you again."

"But I like it when you tease me."

She smiled. "We should cut ourselves some slack. It's only been two weeks since we were married. We don't have the benefit of years, much less months of dating."

He leaned back and lifted her chin. "Shall I court you properly, lass?"

"Isn't that what you've been doing?"

His brows rose. "Perhaps."

There was a knock at the door.

"Come in," Liam said.

A porter stuck his head in. "Your Graces need to disembark. The train leaves on the hour, and your bags have already been delivered to the hotel."

"Certainly. Thank you," Liam replied before the porter left.

Bella wriggled her brows. "Good thing he didn't come in earlier, or he would have gotten a show," she said as she gathered her things.

"I guess I should warn you," he said, suddenly serious as they walked down the hall and down the steps onto the platform.

Her stomach tightened. "About what?"

"There are events that the men participate in."

"And?"

"And my bare arse won't be the only one you'll be seeing today."

She burst out laughing. "I'll try to behave myself."

"You do that," he said, still serious.

"Are catcalls allowed?"

"No." He practically grunted the word.

"What about whistling?"

"Bad luck."

Oh, he was totally making stuff up. "Can I throw money while yelling 'make it rain'?"

"Jesus, Mary, and Joseph," he muttered.

"I think Mary would have liked to have seen Joseph in a kilt."

He gave her a wide-eyed stare. "You're certainly blasphemous for a preacher's daughter."

"Mary had more kids, with Joseph, so I'm pretty sure she saw his bare behind."

"Going. To. Hell."

"Read the Song of Solomon, and then get back to me," she said cheerfully.

"Hellion," he murmured, but the look of horror was gone, replaced with an affectionate smile.

"I do have a reputation to uphold. Preacher's kids, at least in America, have the worst reputations. We're the wild ones, the ones who flaunt the rules and... do all sorts of sinful things-just like everyone else. Except for my brother, Gabriel," she said as Liam hailed a cab.

"You resent him, then?"

"No. I love him." She did. There was nothing about Gabriel she resented. Sure, when she was younger, and he would lecture her about doing the right thing, even when it sucked, she wanted to throat-punch him. But as far as big brothers went, he was amazing. "He loves me. He didn't judge me when I told him about the," she lowered her voice, "the baby."

Liam opened the door of the black cab. "I'm not sure I would have been so agreeable. I'd have crossed the ocean and beaten the man who'd done that to my sister to a pulp."

"Either you want to be right and have vengeance on those who wrong you, or you choose to forgive and love them," she said, trying to explain why Gabriel was the way he was. What her entire family had been taught by their dad. "Forgiveness is divine, and it's the least I can do to emulate that as an error-filled human."

He said nothing to that, and their ride to the fair grounds were silent, but for the radio.

Bella wasn't sure if that was a good or bad thing.

Chapter Eighteen

Liam strutted onto the soccer pitch, gave the opposing team a two-finger salute that made the crowd roar, since the men were English, and then bowed to the queen and her prince.

They bowed their head to him.

He turned to the crowd and pumped his hand in the air, thriving on the energy that seemed to flow from them to him, and back again.

He could feel Bella's eyes on him the entire time. Without looking, he knew she would be proud. His duchess had loved everything about the festival so far. The food, the sack races, the pomp and ceremony. The plaid skirt he'd bought her.

Everything.

While he had loved introducing her to everyone, and explaining how it all worked-the history of the festival and why it was important to Scotland.

"We will be voting soon, to decide if we want to be free of the Monarchy or stay with her," he shared as they drank lemonade.

"Freedom," she sang out.

He cocked his head to one side and stared at her. "Sorry?"

She gave him a pained look. "Mel Gibson. Braveheart. William Wallace."

"Ah. Welshman, the entire Wallace clan," Liam said, keeping a straight face as he told a boldfaced lie. "But he did help us out a wee bit and we rewarded him for it, by allowing Wallace to become a Scottish hero."

Bella rolled her eyes. "Men."

"Which side, Your Grace?" the director of games asked, pulling him out of his thoughts.

He didn't have a preference.

"His best side, so he can preen for his duchess," someone from the opposing team called out.

"Every side is my best side, but perhaps we should find a bag for you, lest the women and children be scarred for life," Liam returned, taking up the heavy rope. Both teams laughed.

He searched the crowd for Bella, found her, and winked.

The woman yelled his name and then shouted, "Freedom!"

"Already regretting her decision to be married to you, Stewart?" one of his teammates said from behind.

"No, she's giving her opinion on the upcoming vote," another said.

"Actually, she's quoting Braveheart.

"What?"

"Movie. Mel Gibson."

The man in front of him scratched his head. "Doesn't ring a bell."

Liam exhaled. "William Wallace."

"Aye."

"God rest his soul."

"Aye, and God keep him." Liam grinned, and then the rope grew taut. It strained, and his teammates worked as one to make sure that damned flag didn't stray too far to the opposite side.

"Dig deep, mates," he shouted above the grunting and growling. His muscles were straining, his thighs screaming, as he adjusted his grip on the thick rope.

Tug-o-war might be a child's game, but pit two rivals against one another, and the gloves came off. Good fun or not. The queen herself and Prince Phillip watching or not.

Sweat dripped down his brow, beaded on his upper lip, and on his back. He had to win, and not because his pride demanded it.

He had to win because his duchess was looking. His duchess was cheering him on. And yes, she'd catcalled him a few times about his hot cross buns.

Whatever that meant.

The flag inched their way, and Liam smiled.

"We've got them now, lads!"

"Heave!"

The rope suddenly gave, and Liam fell on his arse. He let out a whoop. They'd won. They'd won the bloody match.

Bella screamed his name. He looked over at her. She was clapping and jumping up and down. Adrenaline pumped. His heart raced.

She blew a kiss at him, and then swished her plaid skirt a little, (having traded her jeans for it a bit earlier), showing him a great deal of thigh.

Pure desire shot through him.

He got to his feet and strode to her. Mindful of her condition, he swooped her up in his arms instead of throwing her over his shoulder. The crowd roared their approval, shouting things that made her 'make it rain' comment look like a child's nursery rhyme.

"Don't say a word," he said, and she mimed zipping her lips.

She didn't know what he was feeling right now, but he would show her.

He didn't stop until they were deep into the forest, taking her purse and lobbing it to one side. Then he set her down, stripped her out of her clothes, and pushed her against the nearest wide tree trunk. Her hands went to his shirt, ripping at the buttons, and shoving it off his shoulders.

Perhaps she did know how he felt.

Her mouth covered his nipple and bit down.

He reached between them, finding her slippery wet. She moaned, her head falling back. With one smooth motion, he shoved his tartan to one side and lifted her up, then brought her down on his cock. She cried out his name and wrapped her legs around his hips.

He pumped into her, trying to be gentle, even as everything inside of him demanded that he take her hard and fast. Her nails scored his back, and he remembered hers. Turning them, he braced himself against the tree.

Drops of white silk fell from the sky, caressing his skin and causing him to blink. Blossoms were falling from the trees and being blown their way. They landed all in Bella's hair and face. She laughed with pure joy.

His lips found hers, fusing them together. He shoved his tongue into her mouth and rocked against her, not stopping until she tensed up.

"I'm coming," was all she said.

Her hot inner muscles milked his cock, and he was helpless to the orgasm that barreled down on him.

Forget helpless. He welcomed it. He embraced what she did to him. What she aroused in him. She made him feel like a warrior of old who commanded armies, fought the bloody English, and then came home to a proper celebration.

"A chuisle mo chroi," he groaned. "Mo chroi." The pulse of my heart. My heart.

"I love you," she whispered softly. So softly, that he had to have imagined it.

He kissed her again, not wanting to ruin the moment with reality. Taking his time, he tasted her lips, and then let his head fall into the crook on her neck.

"Oh gosh, Liam, I can still hear people," she said as he finally stopped thrusting inside of her. "Do you think they heard us?"

Relieved, yet slightly bereft that he had imagined her words, because why else would she immediately start thinking of people hearing them, he pulled out of her and adjusted his plaid. "No. They knew to stay away."

Her brow wrinkled adorably. "They did?" Her eyes widened as understanding dawned. "Because they knew what we were doing." She turned red.

"Aye, and what happened to the duchess with no self-control?" he asked, contemplating how to best button up his shirt-sans buttons. Finally, he settled for leaving it off completely. He wouldn't be the only one without one.

"She only has no self-control in private," she said as she put on her underwear and bra. "She, uh, doesn't do stuff like this out in the open."

It bothered her. It truly bothered her that they'd had sex so close to the crowds.

She threw her skirt down and covered her face. Her shoulders began to shake. "I'm being ridiculous."

"Are you crying?"

"Not really," she said, but he noticed she didn't uncover her face.

"Define not really." He cupped her shoulders, rubbing the tops.

"I can't."

Letting go of her, he went in search of her sweater and found it hanging on the side of a small bush. He brought it to her and pulled it down and over her head. "Move your hands, Bella."

She did as he asked, but kept her face down. "Even you think I'm being silly."

"You have no idea what I'm thinking."

Finally, she lifted her tear-stained face to his. "Exactly." She batted his hands away and finished dressing, while he stared at her, unsure of what to do next.

He hated this feeling, like he'd taken advantage of her. "I thought you were as caught up in the moment as I was."

She fastened her skirt, right under where her stomach curved outward. He liked to caress her there at night, while she slept. It gave him reassurance that she was real, that this baby they were having was real, and that no one in his family or on his estate would have to worry about wages or keeping up appearances.

She'd given him that, and he'd never properly thanked her for it. Hell, he hadn't even asked her where she'd like to live. He'd just assumed she stay-mission trip notwithstanding.

Some modern man he turned out to be.

"Do you have other things you have to go to this evening?" she asked.

"Yes." But he'd wanted her by his side, or at the very least, in a private box in the stands while he led the traditional processional at the close of the games.

"I'm tired."

He looked at her face then. She didn't look tired to him, but who was he to tell her that? He wasn't pregnant. "I'll escort you to the hotel then, shall I?"

She shook her head. "I need some time by myself."

His jaw clenched. "So you're leaving me."

"Only for a little while. I need time to gather my thoughts," she said softly. "I got an email while you were tossing a log-"

"Caber."

"Okay, caber. Anyway, I've been asked to go to Southeast Asia a little earlier than was planned so that the Halls wouldn't miss their flight out. There was another couple that had volunteered, but the husband has pneumonia." She tilted her head to one side. "Maybe you'd like to g-?"

"Who are the Halls?"

"Missionaries."

"And?"

"I'm replacing them so they can go home to see their family for a couple of weeks. I'm going to watch the house and continue their work."

None of what she was saying made any sense at all. "Wait." He held up a hand. "Start at the very beginning."

"Mission trip. I'm leaving Sunday."

"But that's tomorrow," he all but shouted.

"I'll be gone for two and a half months instead of sixty days."

Sixty days, Liam. Six. Zero. His heart twisted in his chest. She really was leaving him. "What about us?"

She lifted her chin. "You're invited, too."

He was invited? To do what exactly? Sing praises to a God that had let him down? "Are you mad?"

"No."

"I can't believe this. You're just going off, without a word of warning?"

"You said that you didn't care what I did."

"That's not what I said."

"Same difference." She grabbed her purse, opening it and taking out a bottle of water. Twisting off the lid, she gulped the liquid down. "I'd rather discuss this later, when we're both clearheaded."

"I'd rather discuss the bloody situation now," he said through his teeth. "What country in Southeast Asia?"

She told him, softly, as if she was afraid someone would overhear. "You can't tell people where I'm going. It's not always safe for Christians."

Then why in the hell was she going? Why in the hell would she take the risk of getting hurt? She was pregnant for God's sake.

"Maybe that's a sign to stay away," he pointed out.

"You don't get it, and that's okay. But this is who I am. This is what I've always done. I help people, Liam. I help minister their soul, and I see to their other needs. It's not one or the other."

"Save the world for Jesus. Brilliant, Isabella. Fucking brilliant."

"I'm not trying to save the world. I only want to help the people I can," she said, her lips trembling. "Just like you married me so you could help yourself."

"I didn't marry you to could help myself. I married you so I could-you know damn well why I married you. There are people who count on me, people who need jobs, food, and a roof over their heads."

"Then why is it okay for you to help those who need it, but not me? Aren't you the one who's so open-minded? Aren't you the one who claims not to care what a woman chooses to do, because that's her right? What's the difference between me ending this pregnancy, because I choose to, and going someplace that's a little dangerous, so I have to be careful about what I say? Can you tell me that? Can you keep saying that what I choose to do doesn't matter to you? Are you still that man?"

He was that man, but this was her. His wife. His child. Not some stranger. This was killing him inside. His heart, the same one he thought Verity had savaged, had been healed. And the woman standing before him was the one responsible for it. But now, she was ripping it to shreds again.

Swallowing, he could only stand there, alternating between being furious and terrified for her, for their child... for their future. It was all slipping away from him.

Bella continued on, "Or are you just pissed that I want to give people a hope that you don't believe in? That your tolerance for other viewpoints only extends so far?"

In all the times they'd debated, he'd never been hostile to her worldview. He'd listened and tried to learn from her. And he thought she'd done the same. But she hadn't. Right now, all she was doing was throwing everything in his face.

"Go," he said.

She blinked. "Excuse me?"

"I said go. Go on your fucking trip. Save the entire damn world while you're at it. In fact, to show you how bloody open-minded I am, stay as long as you want. Eighty, ninety... three hundred and sixty-five days, if that pleases you, Your Grace." He shook his head. "I don't care anymore."

"You never did." She brushed past him, but not before he saw the tears that streamed down her face. "You should have married someone just like you instead of somebody like me."

"Sorry your God mucked everything up by putting us together."

She froze, and she didn't move for what seemed like hours, but he would be damned if he asked her what was wrong.

Finally, she turned around. The look on her face gutted him, but not as much as what she said next. "After Peter left me, I prayed and prayed for a man to come into my life that was worthy of my respect and love. A man who would find me worthy of his love and respect, too. Over the last couple of weeks, I thought I was being shown you were that man. Foolishly, I thought He'd blessed me with you."

"You thought wrong," Liam bit out.

"Well, at least we can agree on that," she said with tearful laugh, and then he watched her go, just like he had before. And just like he had ordered her to do.

Chapter Nineteen

Bella had lied.

Not about the email, though. She'd lied about her response, about wanting to go tomorrow.

When the email had appeared in her inbox, she'd felt guilty saying no. She'd felt guilty saying that she was still on her honeymoon with her husband, even though she had taken great pride in typing up that reply.

Then she'd tested Liam. Something her parents had warned her about. It was pure manipulation, they'd said. But had she listened to a couple who had been married for forty years?

Taking a deep breath, she swiped her fingers over her cheeks, and then finished making her way out of the forest that was more like an orchard.

Hardly anyone seemed to be staring at her, and those that did catch her eye had nothing but big, friendly grins.

Besides, they knew who she belonged to; Liam had made it clear enough when he'd carried her off the soccer field.

Smiling tightly, she hoisted her purse over her shoulder and wrapped her arms tightly around herself. She had no idea what the name of the hotel they were staying at was called, since Liam had wanted that to be a surprise, too.

This wasn't like her. She didn't run away from her problems anymore. She faced them head on and with guidance from those she loved. Only this time, the one she loved was the problem. Well, he wasn't a problem, but his lack of feelings for her were. He didn't love her. Right now, he barely liked her. That much she could read on his face.

A little parade of children carrying ribbons and flowers cut in front of her to cross the street, and she stopped to watch them.

She hadn't meant to say those three words, not right in the middle of sex. But his choice not to acknowledge what she'd said had taken every beautiful, sexy, and loving feeling out of her.

Stupidly, in that moment of them joined together, their hearts beating as one, she had felt overwhelmed with emotion. Foolishly, she had thought there was no way he couldn't feel the same way.

Stupid and foolish, two very accurate words to describe her. Two very accurate words to describe her choice to lash out at him. She'd thrown everything that he prided himself on back in his face.

Instead of being kind, patient, and understanding, she had rejoiced in pointing out his flaws. She'd reveled in showing him his hypocritical ways. Then again, wasn't she being the ultimate hypocrite? She knew better than to lash out in anger.

Yet, she'd been selfish, and she had allowed the hurt at his rejection to guide her words. She hadn't thought of his past, or how betrayed he'd felt when Verity left him.

Because of all that, he wanted her to go, and stay away. So, she would go... somewhere.

It had been pure luck, or divine intervention, that Bella had caught the last train of the afternoon. She really didn't care where it was going, as long as it would take her away.

However, it was headed for Berwick-upon-Tweed. From there, she would go stay at Giana and Reggie's cottage. They were currently abroad, visiting Reggie's family. Giana had practically ordered Bella to stay as long as she liked, something that wasn't surprising.

Bella had first met Giana, four years earlier, while on a mission trip to El Salvador. The two had become close friends. Though they hadn't spoken in months due to... life, Bella knew she could count on Giana's unwavering support.

Her stomach growled, and she placed a hand over it. "Hold on. Food's coming."

After eating her fill, she stretched out in the bunk and let her eyes drift close. In what seemed like seconds later, the sound of a whistle blowing jolted her awake. The train was slowing down, and since she knew there were no other stops, they had to be in Berwick.

Several minutes later, she hailed a cab and gave the man the address to the cottage. The landlady met her at the entrance when she arrived, with a key in one hand and a cup of brandy in the other. Bella had taken the key, but politely declined the brandy, saying that she was overtired from traveling.

Now, she sat in Giana and Reggie's living room, by a crackling fire she'd made on her second attempt. Their house was pretty, homey, and made Bella miss home like nothing else had.

Pulling out her phone, she debated on calling her parents, Daisy, Haven, and even Gabriel.

"I won't complain," she said to the empty room, and chucked the phone onto the sofa. "But I will tell Liam where I am."

Sighing, she retrieved her phone and texted him.

I'm staying with friends in Berwick.

Liam: Will they be driving you to the airport?

No. I'll take a cab.

Liam: Text me when you arrive in that place.

Okay.

She waited and waited for a last response from Liam, but after an hour, she gave up and went to bed.

Chapter Twenty

The next morning, Bella's phone rang, and she almost choked on a piece of toast. Taking a gulp of juice to wash it down, she grabbed her phone and answered it without looking at the screen.

"Liam," she said, breathless.

"Why are you answering your phone on your honeymoon?" Daisy lectured in her teasing way.

"I'm not," Bella said.

"Yes, you are. We're talking, right now, silly."

Bella looked around the breakfast room. "I meant that I'm not on my honeymoon."

"You're back at Wintersea?"

"No."

"Bella." Daisy sighed.

"I'm in England, near the border. Do you remember meeting Giana? I'm staying at her house."

"That butthead. I will kick his-"

"You won't be kicking anything, darling," Sebastian said.

Daisy hmpfd. "You do it, then."

"No."

"Then I'll get Ivan to do it," her best friend said sweetly, and Bella was torn between crying and laughing.

"Absolutely not. He's here to protect you."

"I've always considered Bella to be my twinsie, so if Ivan did kick Liam's butt, then it would be for me, too. Because, twins."

"Your logic terrifies me."

"Only thing in the world that can make the big bad Sebastian Romanov quake in his boots," Daisy cooed.

"I do not wear boots."

"Sorry. Quake in his very expensive, custom-made suit."

"Much better. And I don't quake."

"Is that a challenge?" Daisy asked and then lowered her voice, giving it a seductive quality that Bella had never heard before. "I bet I could make you quiver all over."

Sebastian cleared his throat. "Ah, yes, well..."

Bella exhaled. "I'm still here, guys."

"Oh!" Daisy let out a giggle. "Sorry. Ugh. I'm a horrible friend."

"You are not a horrible friend. Sure, I need to pretend that part of our conversation never happened, but I can't be unhappy for you," Bella said softly.

"I'll leave the two of you alone," Sebastian said.

"He wasn't on the other line. I had you on speaker," Daisy said by way of explanation. "I'll take you off."

"I left him," Bella blurted.

"What did he do?"

Bella traced the edge of her plate. "He told me to go."

"Why?" Daisy asked, clearly bewildered. "You just got married."

"I don't want to rehash the conversation, but I will admit to you that I let my pride get in the way. I tested him, to see what he would say, and it totally backfired on me."

"Oh, honey, I'm so sorry."

"Now I'm all alone and pregnant in a foreign country," she said, sniffing. "I can't call my parents and tell them. I can't tell anyone but you."

"Give me your address," Daisy said.

Bella gave it to her, and then asked, "Why?"

"Because you need me."

*

Daisy arrived two hours later, her belly so big that it preceded her as she walked inside. She looked beautiful, with her multi-colored hair and bright hazel eyes. She glowed, like a pregnant woman secure in her relationship would.

For a horrible minute, Bella was hideously jealous of her best friend. Then Daisy wrapped her arms around her, and Bella forgot to be anything but grateful her friend was here.

"Gosh, Daisy, you are huge. Isn't your due date soon?"

"Friday," Daisy said, sitting down. She propped up her feet and waved at Ivan, who had stuck his head in. "We're fine. Do you want to come sit with us?"

Ivan's face remained passive as he said, "Nyet, Countess."

"Is Sebastian coming, too?"

Daisy bit her lip. "He's out in the limo."

"What?" Bella started to get out of her chair, but Daisy waved her off.

"He doesn't want to interrupt our girl time."

"So tell him to go do something, like drink at a pub or-"

"He's fine." Daisy placed a hand on her belly and rubbed it. "I'm here for you. So spill. Or not. Either way, I'm staying until you say I can go."

Bella burst into tears. "I'm sorry. All I do is cry. I hate crying over stupid things. Not that you're stupid. But this entire situation is."

"Quit crying for a second," Daisy said, "I can't get up fast enough to comfort you."

Bella started laughing as her best friend struggled to sit up. "I'm done. I'm done. Stay where you are before you hurt yourself."

With a twist of her lips, Daisy settled back down. "Do you want to talk about it?"

"Not really," Bella said, looking at her hands. She twisted her wedding ring around on her finger. "Maybe. He only married me for money."

"Your money?"

Bella jerked her head up. "No, his inheritance. He couldn't get it without a wife and an heir."

"Why did you marry him?" Daisy asked and then held up a hand. "Never mind. I already know. Forget I asked."

"I'm an awful friend and a hypocrite, huh, not wanting everyone to know back home?" Bella said. "I took the coward's way out."

Daisy leveled her with a look. "No, you are none of those things."

They sat in companionable silence for a while, and at one point, Daisy dozed off.

"I'm in love with Liam, but he doesn't love me," she finally blurted.

Daisy narrowed her eyes. "How do you know?"

"Because when I told him, he pretended like he didn't hear me." Bella's cheeks heated. "And I told him during sex."

Daisy sucked in air through her teeth. "Want me to get Ivan to kick his tail?"

"No. I like his tail," Bella said miserably. "I just don't like him right now. Okay, so I'm hurt by him right now."

Her best friend's eyes widened, and then she smiled smugly. "He's going to come and get you, just you wait. I bet he's already missing you."

"I doubt that. I said some really ugly things." And some really truthful things. She really had started to believe that God answered her prayers by putting Liam in her life.

"Oh honey, we've all said ugly things we didn't mean." Daisy's smile turned sympathetic. "Give him a few days to come around."

"And if he doesn't?"

"Then you do what's best for you and the baby," her friend said with a firm nod. "You can always come live with Sebastian and me."

"Thank you." Bella meant it; it wasn't just lip service. She knew if she told Daisy that she needed to move right this minute, then she would have a room for her all ready to go at her house.

Hours passed as the two of them spent time catching up and giggling, just like old times. For a while, Bella was able to completely forget about her troubles and simple enjoy being with her best friend.

The antique wall clock chimed five times.

"Oh my gosh! I've kept you here all afternoon," Bella said, peering out the window. "Sebastian won't be happy."

A black limo idled outside, in front of the fenced-in garden.

"He's probably asleep," Daisy said as Ivan came inside. "Or working."

"Little Countess, it's time to go."

Daisy stuck out her bottom lip, and then gave Bella hug. "Come see me next week, after I come home from the hospital."

"Wild horses couldn't keep me away," Bella promised. "Unless I'm out of the country."

"Just remember what I said. Give him time."

With a tearful, but happy good-bye, Bella watched as Daisy got inside the limo. Ivan closed the door after her, lumbered to the front of the car, and folded himself in. Then the limo took off, red taillights soon nothing but two specks.

She went inside the cottage and grabbed her phone.

"One more chance," she muttered as she texted Liam the address of Giana and Reggie's cottage.

If you want to come by to talk, let me know. My plane doesn't leave until next week.

Liam: Thank you for the update.

Thank you for the update? What was that supposed to mean? Was he being sarcastic, or just himself?

She looked away from the screen of her phone, tears clouding her vision. It felt as though someone was twisting a knife inside of her heart. Actually, she knew who that someone was.

That someone was Liam.

*

On Thursday, after Sebastian texted her to inform her that Daisy wanted Bella by her side, she took the earliest train to London. A limo picked her up at the station, whisking her away to an upscale part of the city.

She arrived at a three-story, white brick building, trimmed with black gutters and a large, black door. All of that was protected by a matching metal picket fence with the prettiest gate she'd ever seen.

The limo driver opened her door, but the hand held out to her wasn't the driver. Ivan, Daisy's personal bodyguard, helped her out of the car.

"Welcome to London, Your Grace," was all he said in his heavily accented English. He guided her through the gate and the front door.

A baby's cry greeted her as soon as she stepped inside. "Where are they?"

"Upstairs."

Sebastian came bounding down the stairs, clothes and hair all disheveled, but he smiling. It was a good look for him. "Isabella, I'm so glad you're here."

She smiled back, despite herself. "Thank you for texting me."

"I'll take her up," Sebastian said to Ivan.

The burly Russian grunted, and then lumbered out of the room.

"Don't mind him. He's suffering from cupcake withdrawal."

Bella bit back a laugh. "What about you?"

"I'm a dad. Someone's bloody father," he said, and then inclined his head. "My apologies. I'm still... discombobulated-the birth... the pain."

"Your pain?"

Sebastian stopped at a door. He turned to look at her, his pale blue eyes narrowing. "Really, Isabella. Do you think Daisy would marry a man who complained about himself before, during, or after she gave birth to his child?"

"Well, when you put it like that..."

"Exactly." He opened the door and stuck his head inside. "She's here, love. Ready to see her?"

"I am," Daisy said, her voice soft, and Bella rushed inside to find her friend in bed. Baby Rhys was in her arms.

"Oh my gosh," she breathed. "Look at the two of you."

Daisy smiled. "Do you want to hold him?"

"Of course, I want to hold him." Bella took the baby from Daisy. "He smells sooo good."

Sebastian came up behind her, cupping her shoulders and turning her around. "There's a chair for you, right here."

She gave him a look. "I've held plenty of babies."

"That's not why I moved the chair." He gave Daisy a pointed look, and then the chair. "Easier to talk this way."

"Oh," she said, nonplussed. "That was very thoughtful."

He exhaled. "Of course it was."

And there was the Sebastian she was used to. She sat down, humming to baby Rhys while he slept in her arms. Her bottom lip trembled as she looked at him, as she picked up his tiny hand and counted his fingers.

"Yours will be here before you know it," Daisy said, and Bella looked up to see that Sebastian had left them alone.

I won't be here. More likely than not, she'd give birth back home in Holland Springs. Alone.

All alone.

Without Liam.

She glanced down at the baby again, and fought back tears. She didn't know if she could do this alone. She didn't know if she could tell her baby that she'd failed as a wife. That she'd pushed and tested a man that had already been pushed and tested by another woman.

"Has Liam been by?" she finally asked.

"Not yet."

"When..." Her voice trembled. She cleared her throat. "When will he be by?"

"Tomorrow morning."

Her knees shook, despite the fact that she was sitting. "Oh."

"Do you want to stay the night?" Daisy asked, and Bella looked at her.

Smashing her lips together, she shook her head. But inside, she was dying to say yes.

Daisy's face turned sympathetic. "Are you sure?"

"No," Bella said. "I'm not sure of anything."

"That butthole," Daisy practically growled, and Rhys jumped a little, his little eyes fluttering.

Bella rocked him until he relaxed once more. "He's beautiful, Daisy."

Daisy beamed at her, and then asked, "Would you consider becoming his godmother?"

"Yes!" She managed to get out of the chair and place Rhys beside Daisy, before giving her a big hug. "I've never been a godmother before, but I promise to be the best one Rhys ever had."

The door opened, and Liam walked inside, a smile on his handsome face. "Sorry to bother you, but I could not wait a minute longer to meet my godson." His gaze bounced from Bella to Daisy, and then back to Bella again. Her heart slammed against her chest. He didn't look upset at all to see her.

In fact, he looked like nothing was wrong with him at all.

"That's okay," she said, not meeting his eyes anymore. "I was just leaving."

"Bella, you don't-"

"Have to leave," Liam finished for Daisy. "I'll go."

She heard the door shut, but she refused to check to see if he was still in the room.

"He's gone," Daisy said, a note of disapproval in her voice. But Bella knew it was reserved for Liam. "Too much of a coward to actually stay."

"Yeah, well, I wasn't exactly brave either," Bella pointed out miserably.

"Do you want to go after him?" Daisy asked.

Did she want to go after him? Did she want to swallow her pride again? Hadn't she been the one to text him first? Hadn't she been the one to text him again and again?

No, she wouldn't make the first move this time. Liam would.

And until he did, her plans remained the same.

"No, I'm not going after him."

Daisy patted her hand. "Maybe he needs more time."

"Time is not on his side," Bella said softly.

Bella gave Liam a few more days to answer her, and when he didn't, she emailed the head of the mission's board to let her know that she could go early.

The next day, Bella boarded a plane. She didn't glance back one time to see if Liam would show up.

Oh, no.

She glanced back at least a dozen times, maybe more. Hoping that he would storm through the gates, take her in his arms, and say that he forgave her. Then he would ask for her forgiveness, which she would give, and they would reunite the way couples who worked through their problems did.

None of that happened.

Chapter Twenty-One

Liam's phone buzzed, and he immediately snatched it up.

Bella: I have landed.

"Damn it," he muttered.

She'd actually gone through with it. She'd actually left him. Not that he was innocent in the situation. Far from it.

Go.

The word was on constant repeat in his head. Well, she had certainly listened. He threw back the rest of his scotch and set the glass down.

If you want to come by to talk, let me know.

Stupid, stupid, stupid. Massively stupid. All he had to do was take a train to Berwick-upon-Tweed to see her. She hadn't been all that far away. But had he? No. Because his pride was hurt. His stupid pride.

"And did I take her in my arms when fate all but dumped her in my lap?" he asked the man beside him. "Did I take one look at her beautiful face and say 'I'm sorry'?"

The man shrugged.

"I did not. I ran away like a bloody Englishman." He had. He'd made some dodgy excuse to Sebastian, and bolted for the front door.

His barstool mate made a face.

"Exactly, lad. Exactly," he muttered into his glass.

"You look like shite."

Liam turned, more than a little shocked to find his ex-fiancee sitting beside him. "You look like a magazine cover." It wasn't a compliment, and she knew it.

"Fake and overblown," he added, just in case she didn't.

Verity gave him a thin smile. "You used to love the way I look."

He held up a finger, and it blurred. "Used to being the most important part of that statement."

"Hmpf," she said.

The barkeep poured him another glass. "Keep them coming." Getting pissed was a time-honored tradition amongst men who'd been left by their wives, or so he'd overheard whilst drinking.

"I heard you got married," she said.

He held the glass up to his lips. "Your hearing is most excellent. Have you ever considered working as a spy? They like your kind."

She gave him an affronted look. "My kind?"

"Liars. Pretenders. Usurpers of the heart," he called out in a loud voice.

"Hear, hear," his companion said, toasting him.

"Good God, Liam, you're drunk."

"Keen observation, that. You're a shoo-in." He fumbled for his phone. "I'll make a few calls and you can be on your way to... ah, someplace else."

She covered his hand with hers. Her bony, cold damn hand that was now missing any kind of wedding ring. "Liam, you poor boy. I feel awful for driving you to this."

He snorted, staring into the bottom of his now-empty glass. "You needn't feel awful."

"You're sweet," she said with a beatific smile. One that not so long ago, he would have enjoyed looking at. But not now.

Never again.

"Because you didn't drive me anywhere." He set his glass down and turned to her. "Isabella did."

"You've taken up with a Spaniard?"

"American."

Verity sniffed. "Worse."

"Conservative. Evangelical Christian. Missionary. Argumentative," he said as he began to name Bella's worst qualities. "Sweet to everyone. Kind to my mother and sister. Sexy as hell. Mother of my child. Intelligent and funny. Honest to a fault."

Fingernails bit into his arm, and he winced. "Hang on. Mother of your child?"

"Aye." His child. How stupid was he for sending her away?

She laughed. "Is it even yours?"

"Of course."

"How do you know?"

"She told me."

"Right," Verity said with a huff of disbelief. "More like she saw dollar signs."

His Bella seeing dollar signs? Doubtful. She had flat out told him she didn't need his financial support. She only wanted to give him the option of having something to do with his child.

But could he say the same of Verity? "Is that what you saw?"

Verity's blue eyes widened. "How can you say that? We were together for years before your grandfather died."

"We were on the verge of breaking up before he died," he reminded her.

"Was I supposed to leave you in your time of need?" she pointed out, but he noticed she didn't deny it. Or profess her love for him. Had she ever?

It struck him then, that Verity hadn't been around all that much in his time of need. Verity hadn't been around much at all, and it had suited him. He didn't have to invest much into their relationship because it was never required, and they both were content with that. They were content with long distances, weekend sex, and the occasional event.

"Why did you stick around?" he asked, genuinely curious.

"Because we were perfectly matched."

"Yet, you cheated on me."

"Sometimes life needs to be spiced up," she said, no apology in her tone whatsoever. "It wasn't the first time I got bored on location."

"I never got bored," he said.

She shrugged. "Anyway, I'm here to have some fun. With you. Your butler told me where you were."

"What makes you think I want to have anything to do with you?"

"I'm good in bed, like to watch sports, and I don't care for cuddling."

"You also lied, cheated, and ran off with another man right before we were to be married," he all but shouted.

"And now I'm back, without that man or any other," she said with a sexy smile, as if that made everything right again.

"Good for you," he said, wishing he'd never come to his favorite pub. He should have stayed at home and brooded like a good Scot, by walking along the shoreline of Loch Nairn.

"I'd like to give us another try."

"I'm married, and you're bloody mental."

"So?"

He stood. "Good-bye, Verity."

"You'll regret this."

"No, I won't. I don't regret you at all. You don't hold that kind of power over me," he said flatly. But Bella did. And he regretted every unkind thing he said to his wife. He regretted their last conversation. Their last text exchange... everything, but getting her pregnant and marrying her.

After paying his tab, he left the pub, lightheaded from the buzz of his numerous drinks.

Too bad his heart was still as heavy as when he'd first come in.

Chapter Twenty-Two

Liam paced, as he always did, when something was bothering him. More precisely, his wife's silence was bothering him. She'd been texting fairly regularly with updates about her health and the baby's health, but over the weekend, she'd not contacted him once.

And when he tried to call, it went directly to voice mail.

"Sit down," Sebastian barked.

Liam grunted and continued to pace. "When your wife goes missing, then we can talk."

"She's not missing. She's in-"

"I bloody well know where my wife is," Liam shouted.

Sebastian raised a brow and pointed at the chair closest to him. "We need to talk."

"I don't want to talk."

"Never stopped you before."

"Before you were the one who didn't want to talk, not me."

"Would you please stop trying to out-talk me?"

"Fine. I'll out-silence you instead." Liam smirked. "Better?"

"You're still talking," Sebastian pointed out.

"While you're still an insufferable arse."

Sebastian rolled his eyes. "If it pleases Your Grace, I would like for him to shut the hell up, so I can speak."

Liam sat down. "Speak."

"Your wife-"

"That's a good lad. Now roll over and bite my arse." Liam stood up again. "Do you have any idea what this is like? Not knowing if she's okay. Not knowing if she's eating or sleeping properly. Not knowing if the baby's okay. Do you have any idea at all?"

Sebastian gave him a look. "I might have an idea."

Feeling completely stupid, Liam sat down again. "Yes, I'd forgotten."

"I haven't." Sebastian leaned forward. "There's no other way to say this, but your duchess has been kidnapped, along with three other female missionaries. They are being held for ransom by a local group that the local government turns a blind eye to. Actually, the government doesn't have time for petty kidnappers when their country is on the brink of civil war. I'm sorry, Liam, but legally, there's nothing you can do."

The world closed in on Liam. It became black and red, and then fear turned to anger, and anger into rage. He wanted to kick, bludgeon, maim... strike out at anyone and anything.

"I have to get her back," he shouted.

Sebastian, damn him, remained calm. How the tables have turned, he thought in the last wee part of his mind still capable of rational thinking.

"Yes, you do. But like I said, there's no legal way of getting her out."

"Damn legal to hell and back." He shot to his feet and placed his hands on Sebastian's desk. "I will lie, cheat, and steal to get her back. Whatever it takes to get Bella, I'll do it. No matter the consequences."

"Are you positive?"

"Hell, yes." He was more than positive. The woman he loved had been gone for two weeks, and he missed her more than anything. He missed her more than breathing, eating, and drinking. She was the air he breathed. Her beauty, intelligence, and kindness were what sustained him, but he'd been to damn prideful to admit it.

Why couldn't he have admitted it to her? What would she have done with his heart, with his love, other than cherish it?

"I have someone in mind for the job," Sebastian said. "Some say he's the best."

"What do you say?"

"I say their praise is justified."

"Do you trust him?"

Sebastian's gaze didn't waver. "With my life."

Liam rapped his knuckles on the desktop. "Let's do this."

"It's going to cost you, more than whatever you have left of your inheritance," Sebastian said. "Unless, that is, you allow me to-"

"I'll sell Wintersea." His heart pounded, as did his head. That castle had been in his family for generations. But none of it mattered as much as saving Bella. And his child. Their child.

"What about the will?"

A corner of his mouth lifted. "My grandfather never fathomed the idea of a Stewart selling the castle, so it's not in there."

Sebastian pulled out his mobile. "I'll find a buyer. In the meantime, I'll make a call and get Mr. Smith on the job."

"Mr. Smith?"

"Yes. Roman Smith."

"Sounds like the name of a shopkeeper."

Sebastian's cold eyes bore into his. "As far as you're concerned, that's all he is."

Liam regarded his best mate. Did he really know everything about Sebastian? Were there some things that even he, despite knowing the man for years, didn't know about him?

"Bastian," he began, but he was cut off by a knock at the door.

Sebastian's secretary stuck his head in. "There's a Mr. Smith to see you, sir."

Liam sliced his gaze to Sebastian. "There is no way anyone could have gotten here that quickly."

"He's been on standby for a week."

His mouth fell open. "You've been planning this all week?"

"Don't be ridiculous."

"Oh, well, then, I'm sor-"

Sebastian's tipped up. "I've been planning this since Bella's plane landed."

"Normally, this would be when I'd lecture you on your shady behavior, but-"

"But sometimes there's a need for people like me in the world."

Liam clapped Sebastian on the shoulder, knowing that despite the arrogance Sebastian normally displayed, he was, at heart, one of the best men to ever walk the earth. There wasn't anything Sebastian wouldn't do for those he called friend.

"There is always a place for good men like you in the world."

Chapter Twenty-Three

Bella and three of the ladies from the mission house were being held in a sultan's palace. More specifically, they were being held in a harem.

A real, live harem, where women of every shade and shape walked around in outfits sheer enough that she could see what their natural hair color was-that was, if they kept any.

She suspected they were being held in the harem, because their captors thought it would bother them, not because he wanted to add more women to the collection. Besides, one of them had remarked, that her skin and hair were too dark to fetch a good price on the black market.

But the baby...

She had shaken in terror at the thought of being kept here long enough to give birth and then have her child taken away. She'd read articles about less-than-savory adoption agencies adopting out children who had been forcibly taken from their mothers.

She still shook.

Worse, there were two new guys that had shown up after almost a month of no contact with anyone but their captors. One had dark hair, a ruthlessly handsome face, blue eyes, and spoke in a language that sounded a lot like Russian. The other wore the traditional clothes of the men in this country who made their homes in the rugged mountains.

He kept his head and the lower half of his face covered at all times. More than once, the women would whisper to one another about the scars he must be hiding and how hot they thought it was.

That one, for whatever reason, couldn't keep his kohl-rimmed eyes off her. And he liked to look at her. A lot.

It was as if he were studying her. Worse, he didn't give her the heebie-jeebies. No, his obsidian eyes were so much like Liam's that she wanted him to stare at her. She wanted to be reminded of the man she missed more than life itself.

She touched her belly, the curve more pronounced, and whispered, "Your daddy would be so shocked to see how big my stomach is."

The Russian made a noise, and she looked his way in time to see his partner staring at her hand. She snatched it away, her heart pounding in her chest.

"She's for sale," one of her captors said in English for her discomfort as his sly gaze darted around the room and settled on her. "Two for one."

"What about the others?" the Russian asked.

Her captor shrugged. "Already sold."

Ice water ran through her veins. Sold? Her friends had been sold?

Oh God.

Nausea rose in her throat, and she made a little sound of distress. The Russian's partner started in her direction, but the Russian's arm shot out and shoved him back into place.

"Don't be so eager, my friend. There are plenty of women to choose from, besides that one," he said.

Bella turned away from them and walked outside to a walled garden, grabbing her prayer mat along the way. She got down on her knees and bowed her head. Though she wasn't the same religion as the people who lived here, they made sure to leave her alone when she prayed, and had even given her a rug to use.

She began to pray in earnest for her friends, for the safety of her baby, and then for herself. Tears streamed down her cheeks as time passed.

A dark shadow fell over her. She glanced out of the corner of her eyes and confirmed that it was the Russian's partner.

"Can't you see I'm praying?" she snapped and looked up, refusing to be intimidated. His dark eyes glittered like stars in the evening sky. So familiar and comforting.

"When you are finished, we need to talk," he said, his accent hard to pin down.

"I have nothing to say to you." She struggled to get to her feet, the hem of her long dress getting in the way.

The man gently grabbed her arm and helped her up. She jerked out of his grasp. "Don't touch me."

"Careful. Careful," he repeated, holding up his hands. "The baby."

"You can't have him." She stood there, tilting her chin up defiantly. "He's mine."

"A boy?"

Momentarily put off balance by his question, she answered, "Yes. My mother said my husband and I would have a boy."

He stepped forward, crowding her into a corner, and placed his large, tanned hand on his stomach. Her eyes grew wide, as he slightly lowered the material covering the bottom half of his face. Then she almost fainted.

"We're having a boy?" he asked, his voice rough.

"Liam," she half-shouted/half whispered. Her entire body shook with joy, and she burst into tears.

He kissed her, on her face, her neck, and her jaw. "Don't cry, love. I'm here. You're safe."

"But you can't be here," she sniffed, trying to keep quiet. Armed guards roamed the top of the outer walls. "I thought... I thought you never wanted to see me again. And then, when I saw you again, you left."

"But I'm here now, and I am taking you with me," he said, his hand like a brand on her stomach. "We'll talk about everything, including our son, later. I have so much to apologize for, so much to make right with you."

As did she. "What about my friends, the ones who were-?"

"The vehicle carrying them was intercepted by the good guys," he said.

She slumped against the wall, another welcome wave of relief washing over her. "Thank God."

"Still want that one, eh?" her captor asked.

Liam covered his face again, and then turned to face the man. "She'll do."

He laughed. "Take her. She's was eating all my food anyway. I'll give you a good deal."

Her mouth fell open, but before she could say anything, Liam whirled around, kissed her once more, and then held out his hand. "Ready?"

"I'll follow you anywhere," she said.

Chapter Twenty-Four

A black helicopter, the blades whirling so fast she could barely see them, landed near them. With Liam on one side and the Russian on the other, they got Bella safely inside the machine.

But it wasn't until they crossed the border into safer territory that Liam began to relax. He held his wife, as much as their safety harnesses would allow in the military-grade helicopter, and closed his eyes.

Bella was safe. Their baby was safe too.

He sliced his gaze to Roman Smith, the man Sebastian had contacted to help him. Hard, blue eyes stared right back.

He looked familiar somehow, as if he'd looked at those eyes before and-

He grunted. It couldn't be...

"Mr. Smith," he ventured.

Roman raised a dark brow.

"How do you know Sebastian?"

A half smile kicked up one corner of his mouth. "I was ordered to kill him."

Bella gasped. "Are you serious?"

"Yes." Roman didn't elaborate further.

Liam rubbed his chin. "I've contemplated killing him myself on occasion."

"That is not funny," Bella said.

He thought it to be hilarious. "Sebastian said that he trusted you with his life. He also said you were the best. Since, he's still alive, I can't help but wonder-"

"Keep wondering, Your Grace." Then Roman closed his eyes and leaned back in the seat, effectively shutting Liam down.

Bella looked up at him with wide eyes. "He's scary," she whispered as they landed. Wasn't that the damn truth? But Roman had also saved his wife.

Liam helped her off the helicopter and then led her inside a small, seaside cottage. Sebastian had bought it for Daisy, because she claimed it reminded her of Shell Cottage from the Harry Potter books.

"He's your hero."

She shook her head. "No, you're my hero."

He grew uneasy at the thought of taking all the credit, or any of the credit, really. So, he stopped walking and turned to her. "I don't think you understand. I didn't organize anything. He arranged the drop off, the disguise... the exchange of money. I just... I made him take me."

"Money?"

He looked at the ground, well, at the steel floor of the helicopter. "I sold Wintersea to pay for his services, and to buy your freedom. I am a ...duke without a home."

"Liam, you didn't!"

"I did, and I would have done it a million times over, if that's what it took to get you back."

"Thank you. I know how much Wintersea means to you."

He shook his head, tears pricking at his eyes, and he finally had to look at her, just so she could see how deadly serious he was. "Not as much as you, Bella. Never as much as my wife and child. The two of you are my home, not a bloody pile of stones."

"We'll always be your home, just like you'll always be ours," she said and threw herself into his arms.

He kissed her, keeping one eye open as he made his way through the now-familiar cottage. He'd been here for a month, with Roman, plotting the best way to get Bella safely away.

All right, so Roman plotted, and he'd forced his way into coming along.

Breaking their kiss once they were in the bedroom, he asked, "How about a shower, love? I'm dirty and dusty."

"I like the eyeliner."

He blushed a little. "Necessary for traveling in the mountains."

She cocked her head to one side. "You weren't allowed to wear sunglasses?"

His hand froze on hem of her shirt. "I didn't think of that, actually. Plus, Roman said I had to look the part."

"They wear sunglasses. Everyone does-if they can afford them," Bella said, obvious in her attempt to hold back a smile. "You were supposed to be a man of means, I take it, so..."

"The cheeky bastard," he breathed.

Bella cleared her throat. "About that shower?"

That snapped him right out of his mood, and in what seemed like seconds later, he had a soapy, wet Bella in his arms as warm water rained down on them.

"Let me touch you, Bella," he groaned as her hands wrapped around his cock.

"Same time?" she asked, as she rubbed her thumb across the tip.

His eyes rolled back in his head. "Whatever you want." He slipped his hand between her legs, and stroked her until she cried out his name. His skin tightened. He was as hard as steel and couldn't wait any longer. If she didn't do something soon, he would lose his mind.

"Your turn," she whispered and bit down on his ear.

He groaned. Then she tightened her grip and touched him exactly how he wanted, until he was the one shaking in her arms. Until he was the one calling out her name.

"We still have a lot to talk about," she said, laying her head against him.

Running a hand down her slick back, he enjoyed the feel of her after so long. He wanted to caress her everywhere, and he would as soon as he could bear to let her go. "Aye. But it'll keep."

Chapter Twenty-Five

They lay tangled up in one another in in an oversized bed, with a view of the sea. Which sea she wasn't sure, because she had no idea where the helicopter had dropped them off. It reminded her of their first weekend together, of the time they fought over something stupid, and then didn't speak for months.

She was terrified of that happening again.

Only, their differences weren't stupid, and she didn't plan to fight. She would talk, she would listen, and she would try to understand.

"I missed you," Liam said to her. "You can't imagine how much, Bella. My chest physically ached, like there was a raw, gaping wound in the middle of it."

"Then why did you tell me to go?" There, she asked it.

He ran his fingertips down her arm. "I allowed my fear and anger to rule my words. Instead of being honest and saying that the thought of you living in a dangerous place scared the hell out of me, I lashed out. I have no excuse, love."

It was an honest answer and an apology. She didn't need to hear the words 'I'm sorry', because it was in each word he spoke. And now it was time for her to do the same.

"I did the same thing to you," she began, and his eyes fractionally widened. "I tested you. I told you about the email, but I didn't share the answer I'd already given them."

He continued his lazy glide, making goose bumps appear. "And what was that?"

"I wasn't going early. I wanted to stay with you, for as long as I could, before I had to go keep my promise." Her lower lip trembled, and he dusted his thumb over it. "I lied to you, because I wanted a certain response. I wanted you to tell me that you felt the same way about me that I felt-I feel-about you. I tried to manipulate you. And, for all of that, I'm sorry."

His eyes met hers, and he smiled gently. "What do you feel for me, Bella? Or have your feelings changed?"

"Yes," she said softly, and his smile fell. "My feelings for you have grown stronger."

"Hate is a very strong feeling, I suppose," he said, turning away from her. She caught him by the arm before he completely left the bed.

"I don't hate you. I wouldn't be in this bed with you if I did," she pointed out.

"Maybe you were overcome by the rescue."

"Then I should be in Roman's bed. Do you have his number?" she asked lightly.

He practically jumped on top of her, pinning her wrists to the bed. The look on his face was fierce, and raw, and so sexy that she felt a thrill of pleasure run through her body.

"You're mine. Not his. Not anyone's but mine," he all but snarled. "Mine."

She leaned up, straining against the bonds of his hands, and kissed his hard mouth until it softened and returned her kisses. "And you're mine. Not anyone's but mine."

"A chuisle mo chroi," he said, and her heart went all fluttery. He had said that to her before, when they'd made love at the festival. It seemed like a lifetime ago.

"What does that mean?" she asked, relaxing once more into the mattress.

He took one of her hands and placed it over his chest. She could feel his heart beating strongly against her palm. "The pulse of my heart. You are the pulse of my heart. You make it beat. When you left, it stopped... and I was bloody miserable."

"I was miserable, too," she confessed with a little sniff. "I was supposed to be helping people, but all I wanted to do was come back home to you."

"That makes two of us," he said, still staring down at her. "Will you be going back?"

"No."

"What about after the baby is born?"

"Not then, either."

His face softened. "I don't want you to stop being you, Bella. If you've a need to help people, then by all mean, let me support you in that."

"I can help people closer to home," she said. "Besides, I think I'd like to go back to college."

"I've been asked to lecture at St. Andrews," he said with a wicked gleam in his eyes. "Wonder what their policy is on student/teacher fraternization?"

"I hope they encourage it, because I plan to be very franternazationy with you in your office, the janitor's closet, and the-"

"Isabella Stewart, you are a hellion. I see very good grades in your future."

She grinned. "I'm a woman in love with her very sexy husband."

"Mo chroi," he murmured. "My heart, I love you."

Epilogue

Aiden William Bruce Stewart was born in the middle of springtime. He was healthy, happy, and huge, especially his head.

Bella had assured Liam that Aiden would grow into it.

Liam cradled his son in his arms, telling him stories of his ancestors and all the battles they'd fought. He left out the really messy parts of disembowelments and beheadings.

He loved spending time with Aiden like this, with his son staring up at him and hanging on to his every word. The baby blinked, his sleepy, blue eyes beginning to turn a golden shade of brown that he'd inherited from his mother.

He had the Stewart nose, at least. Too bad that was all he'd inherit from him.

Sebastian popped his head in the nursery. "Have a minute?"

"It's your house. Of course I have a minute," Liam replied.

Sebastian's lips thinned. "I told you to stop referring to it like that."

"Sorry. You're right. It's Daisy's home."

"God, you're such a prat." His friend handed over a manila envelope. "Trade you for my godson."

Liam exhaled, giving Sebastian the precious bundle and taking the envelope. He opened it and began to scan the packet of papers. "You came all this way to give me work to do? What happened to our progressive-? Is this some kind of joke?"

"Have you met me?" Sebastian asked, cocking an eyebrow.

He had him there. "Then explain the meaning of this."

"It's a present for my godson."

"It's the bloody deed to Wintersea," Liam shouted, shaking the papers at him. "I sold this to-oh, you conniving bast-"

"Careful. Wouldn't want my godson's first word to be an insult."

Liam shook his head. "Did you ever think our lives would turn out like this?" He gazed out the window, into the back garden, where Bella and Daisy were sitting. Blonde hair bent to hair the color of every shade as they talked quietly. Bella held her godson, Rhys.

"Of course I did."

Liam leveled his best mate with a look. "Bastian."

"Not in my wildest dreams," he said softly.

Bella rocked Rhys, blissfully happy to hold her dearest friend's baby. If they didn't live so far apart, she would do it more often. "He's gorgeous, Daisy, and he'll be a total heartbreaker when he grows up."

Daisy shook her head. "He better not be."

"I was just teasing-"

"Because I'm getting a signed contract from him stating that he'll never leave his momma."

Bella stared at her. "You're kidding, right?"

Daisy laughed. "Totally." Her face turned serious. "Not really. I don't want to think of him all grown up and kissing other women besides me."

"If I didn't feel the exact same way about Aiden, I'd think you had a problem."

Daisy snorted. "We do have a problem. We've turned into mothers."

"Fine with me." Bella tossed her head. "I'm a sexy mamacita."

"Judging by the way your husband keeps staring at you, I'd say he agrees," Daisy said, and she grabbed Bella's hand. "I'm so happy for the two of you, and now that you'll be closer-"

"Closer?" Were Daisy and Sebastian moving? "Like he's buying another island off the coast of Greece closer?"

Daisy gave her a smug grin. "Nope."

"Then what?"

"It's the bloody deed to Wintersea," Liam shouted, and she gasped, tears flooding her eyes.

"Aiden's birthday present, from us," Daisy said, her cheeks turning pink. "I hope you don't mind."

"Mind you giving my husband and son the greatest gift ever? Yeah, totally hate it," Bella joked. "I hate it when the people I love are so thoughtful and generous and do things that I have absolutely no way of paying them back."

"That defeats the purpose of a gift, Bella."

"I know," she said, her throat all thick. "But you... I..."

Daisy hugged her, without jostling her son. "You have always been my very best friend. You were there for me when my parents died, when Glen left me, when I found out I was pregnant... you were the one to take me to doctor's appointments and let me cry on your shoulder. This is the least I can do for you."

Bella bit her lip, but the tears fell anyway. "Thank you."

Daisy shrugged, but her eyes were shiny with tears. "It's what we Holland Springs girls do."

Epilogue Number Two

an Introduction to The Lawsons

(Because I can (hee!). And because I know you will love these brothers! I'm dying for you to meet some of them right now!)

Three years later

Caleb Lawson stood off to the side, sweet iced tea in one hand while the other itched to touch the hair of the dark-haired woman his mother had brought home.

But since Sofia Nogales was a guest in their house, all he could do was moon over her, like he'd never seen a woman before. That wasn't far from the truth. He'd never seen someone so pretty, both inside and out.

However, there was a small part of him that tugged at his brain, at the reasonable side of him. Something wasn't right about her showing up out of the blue, like she had. Now wasn't the time to investigate, though, not with a family reunion going on. His parents would tan his hide-twenty-eight years old or not.

His cousin, Bella, walked over to him, carrying her son in her arms. Her husband, Liam, who by all accounts was a real live duke, was by her side. In Caleb's opinion, there were some really strange things going on in Holland Springs, if a local guy wasn't good enough.

Then again, wasn't he being kept up at night with thoughts of their out-of-town houseguest?

"Caleb! Come join the party," Bella said, simultaneously taking his drink and handing him her sleeping son. "Kids are a great way to meet women."

He stared at her for a moment. "Families reunions aren't."

Liam made a noise. "He has a point."

Bella nodded at Sofia. "She's not related to anyone."

"Already know her," Caleb muttered, rocking the toddler in his arms. Good Lord, was he that desperate looking?

"Then why aren't you talking to her?" Bella asked, a mischievous smile sliding on her face. She'd always been like that, full of fun and life. It was one of the reasons why she was a favorite cousin.

Until now.

Caleb handed the toddler to Liam, and then crossed his arms, just in case anyone else had an urge to hand him something else to attract women.

"I talked to her this morning." And by talked, he meant muttering, "Good Morning. Thanks for the coffee. See you later."

"Hmm. Well-"

"Leave your cousin alone. If he wants to talk to the lass, he will, in his own time," Liam said, and Caleb was so grateful that he wanted to high five him.

Did dukes do that?

"Fine," Bella huffed. "We'll leave you alone. I need to talk to Aunt Dinah anyway."

They walked off, taking his tea with them.

He exhaled. Guess he'd have to come out of the corner to get another one. Or something to eat. The buffet table was practically sagging under the weight of everything. His brother, Adam, had already blessed it. So... he had no excuse not to get something to eat and drink.

Only, Sofia had designated herself keeper of the food, so she buzzed around it like a queen bee.

Sofia smiled at him and he felt his heart flip in his chest. Damn, she was a pretty woman. Before he knew it, his legs were pumping and he stood at the buffet table. She handed him a plate.

"What would you like to eat, Caleb?" she asked, her voice as smooth as honey.

You. "A little bit of everything."

She looked him up and down, and then grinned. "A big man like you should eat more than a little bit of everything."

His mind suddenly went blank at her grin, and he became all tongue-tied, like usual. "I, uh... Great spread, ma'am." He inwardly winced.

Sofia's flirty smile turned sympathetic, and that was the last expression he wanted to see on her face. He'd had enough sad smiles and sympathetic looks to last him a lifetime.

She quickly fixed a plate and handed it to him. "Enjoy, Caleb."

"Thank you."

"De nada," she said.

She smiled again while he stood there, a plate of food in his hand and probably an idiotic expression on his face. Or he could be glowering. His brothers had always said no one could glower and glare like he could.

Please don't let me be glaring at her.

Say something, he ordered his brain. A question finally popped in his head and just as he opened his mouth-

"Sofia, honey," his mother, Dinah, called. "Come over here and meet Ima Jean Matthews."

Without a word, Sofia suddenly walked away.

"How are you?" he asked, a full five seconds after she left.

Tristan-Caleb glanced at him to be sure he had the right twin-joined him at the table. "You really know how to work that Lawson charm."

Caleb looked at his younger brother, at the tattoos on his arms and his wild hair. The only thing conservative about Tristan was his occupation, but the ladies around here loved him. And they went out of their way to show it.

"Don't you need to catalog some books?" Caleb snapped.

Tristan laughed. "Head librarian gave me the day off."

"You're the head librarian," Caleb pointed out.

"And I'm an excellent boss." Tristan's easy smile turned sour. "Speaking of charming people... who invited her?"

Caleb followed his brother's gaze and fought back a groan. He did not want to deal with Tristan and Lemon McCoy antagonizing each other the rest of the day.

"Probably our mother."

Tristan made a noise, something between a grunt and growl, and then strode in Lemon's direction.

"Wonder when the two of them will figure out what everyone else knows?" his dad said.

Caleb smiled and took a large bite of the chicken salad his mom had made. Then he started searching the crowd of people for Sofia.

Man, he needed to stop.

"Yep, obvious as the nose on my face," his dad said.

Spices exploded in his mouth. This wasn't his mother's recipe. "Did you try the chicken salad Sofia made? It's really good." It was more than good. It was downright sinful.

His dad glanced at him. "How did you know she made it?"

"It's spicy and sweet at the same time." Like Sofia.

"Did you tell her?"

"Not yet."

A large hand clamped down on his shoulder. "You can't mourn forever, son."

He wasn't mourning, not anymore, but he wasn't sure what to do with the feelings Sofia inspired in him. Heck, they felt rusty from lack of use. "I know."

"When I met your mother, I didn't know what to say either. Luckily, she talked enough for the two of us, and you and Adam helped, too."

Caleb laughed softly. "She sang a lot, too." Dinah had been in their life for so long that he couldn't remember a time without her.

Then again, he'd only been fifteen months old when his dad started dating again. Dinah was the only mother he knew, but he did have pictures of his biological mother-a woman who, by all accounts, had loved him and his older brother, Adam. She'd been taken too soon by breast cancer, when he was barely four months old.

"Yes, she did. Still does, and Sofia chimes right in with her. Like the daughter she never had."

Caleb did not want to think of Sofia as a sister, or as his mother's daughter. "Mmm-hmm."

"Heard Quincy Earl was planning on asking Sofia out," his dad said. "You know anything about him that I don't?"

"Heard he charges too much for produce down at the farmer's market." Quincy Earl? What was so special about him?

"That it?"

Was that it? The man cheated people out of money. "He makes his dog sit in the bed of his truck, instead of up front with him." Now he was reaching for stuff, because everyone had their dog sit in the bed of the truck. They were trained for it.

"Maybe he wants to leave some room for a young lady," his dad pointed out.

"Maybe," Caleb replied with a shrug. But inside, jealousy was eating him up. "I think I'll go tell Sofia how much I like her chicken salad."

As he strode toward Sofia, like a man on a mission, he didn't miss his dad's chuckle. Or the fact that he'd been manipulated by the sly dog.

But sometimes, a man needed a kick in the pants.

