Prologue

It's been five days since Brax left, and I have a bad feeling about it. Something seems off, but Gibbons says it is the boss man's orders, so we have to toe the line.

For five days, I've been eating, sleeping, and breathing surveillance. I haven't wanted Elle out of my sight. Brax is like a brother to me; he's like another member of my family. Therefore, Elle is family too. Family looks out for each other. Protects each other.

Apart from the normal comings and goings of the building's tenants, there hasn't been anything out of the ordinary. Elle hasn't left her apartment at all. I've seen her looking out her window a few times, sitting in her loveseat, waiting for him. It crushes me to see her like this; not being able to tell her why he had to leave and that I'm still here, watching her for him.

I'm holding on to the fact that he'll find his way back to her somehow. I've never seen Brax be like this with a woman before. No one has ever come close to Elle for him. She's his end game, his forever, and damned if I'll let anything ruin that for him. After all the shit he's been through with his family, the army, even working for the boss, he needs her. He deserves her.

They both deserve a life of happiness.

So I'll continue to sit here, continue to be her shadow until he tells me he's coming back. Until I see his ugly mug in front of me and can breathe a sigh of relief.

I just hope it happens sooner rather than later. For both of their sakes.

1

Fuck its dark.

It's hard to see him, but I notice a shadow moving towards Elle's room, no doubt trying to finish the job. That isn't going to happen, not on my watch. I'm pissed at myself for letting him get this far. I need to neutralize him, then get to Elle. I have to call Brax too. Dammit, he's gonna kill me.

I move towards the shadow and bump into someone fairly tall but lanky, definitely not a professional. I rush him and barge him into the kitchen wall with my shoulder. By the way he collapses against the wall, then slides down, I know he's been knocked out.

I drag my hands around the wall for the light switch. I'm panicking, but I can't help it, I need to get to Elle. I finally find it and flick the switch. There is a man wearing a ski mask with blond hair poking out of it, slumped against the wall. I check his pulse; he's still alive, but looks well and truly out for the count. I pat him down, finding a switchblade in his pocket. Grabbing it, I slip it in my back pocket. I go to the kitchen counter and quickly search the top drawer for something to subdue him with. Finding a cable tie, I grab his hands and secure his wrists. It's not great, but it will have to do until the police get here. I feel my phone vibrating in my pocket, but I ignore it. It's the least of my worries right now.

Spotting his handgun by Elle's door, I grab it with the sleeve of my shirt, being careful not to put my prints on it. I put the safety on, then pocket it before rushing into the bedroom to check on Elle, scared shitless by what I might find. I can't handle another woman close to me being killed.

"Elle, it's Shay. Are you hurt?"

"Shay? Oh my god. I think I'm shot," she answers wheezily.

Flicking on the bedroom light, I look over to her bed and see that she's pale and clammy; not a good sign. I'm getting flashbacks of five years ago. Dammit, I can't lose someone else! I can't let Brax go through what I had to.

Pulling my phone out of my back pocket, I see two missed calls. It starts ringing again, but I cancel it because I need to ring for an ambulance.

I prop the phone between my shoulder and head and rush to her side, grabbing a towel from the floor and holding it tight against her ribs.

"911. What is your emergency?" the operator asks.

"We have a woman shot in her bed. She's conscious, but she's having trouble breathing. I think the bullet nicked her lung. The intruder has been incapacitated in the other room. We need an ambulance and a squad car," I tell the operator, unable to tear my eyes away from Elle.

"Sh...Shay, I need Brax," she says softly.

"I know, babe, and I'll get him here as soon as I can. I promise," I say, sliding onto the bed next to her and holding her against me while keeping pressure on the towel. Shock is starting to set in and she's visibly shaking.

"I've gotta get something else to put pressure on the wound," I say, looking at her. There's too much blood. I need to slow down this bleeding.

"Bathroom," she pants. She's in so much pain; it's hard to watch.

I get off the bed carefully, not wanting to knock her and race to the bathroom, grabbing a clean towel off the rail and rush back to her side, replacing the now drenched towel against her chest.

"Elle, I need to go check on the guy." She grabs my shirt, not wanting me to leave her alone. I grab her hand gently.

"I'll be right back," I say as I pull away and walk towards the kitchen, finding it empty.

He's gone! What the hell?

He was out cold. How did I not hear him? I look in the living room and see that the front door is still wide open. Fuck!

I rush back to Elle's side and listen for sirens, waiting for the ambulance to arrive.

I need to get ahold of Brax. He's gonna f**king kill me.

"Shay."

"B, it's Elle. She's been shot," he tells me quickly. I can tell he's freaked out. He's breathing fast, and his voice is shaky. This isn't good.

"Fuck!" I shout as I spin around and punch the wall. Damn, that hurt like a bitch! "Tell me she's okay. She has to be okay." My heart rate is racing, and all I can feel is a huge weight pushing down on my chest.

"She's alive. She got hit in the side of the chest. I got there just after it happened. Took the guy down, but he disappeared while I was checking her. I'm f**king kicking myself. Even with his hands in a cable tie, he still got away. I've called 911, and the ambulance is on its way with the police." He's talking so fast that it's hard to keep up.

None of this would have happened had I not left. I shouldn't have listened to Gibbons. I realized I'd been had as soon as I got back to Atlanta and the boss asked why the hell I was back.

"I should never have left," I say, repeating my thoughts.

"Look, dude. I've got her, and she's going to be okay. I won't let anything happen to her again. I'm so sorry, I must've dozed off in the car."

"Dude, we don't even know if you could've stopped him. We don't even know how he got in." He can't take the blame for this. This is all on me.

"I've been watching her like a hawk for you. You know that."

"I'm just glad you're there now. I'm coming back. I'll rent a car and drive through the night. I don't f**king care. Whatever it takes. I need to see her. I'll text you when I'm close. Tell her I'm coming," I say desperately.

"I will. Just drive carefully, man. She needs you alive and in one piece," he says before hanging up.

I look around, checking that Gibbons hasn't sent one of the guys to come find me yet. I don't know who I can trust anymore. Definitely not Gibbons, that's for sure. I consider my options and decide to call the one other person I know who will help me, even though I haven't seen or spoken to him in eight years.

"Yo, it's the middle of the night. This better be good," he answers groggily.

"Devon, its Brax. I need your help."

Middle of the night and my f**king phone starts ringing, so I reach over Melissa to grab it. No, Megan. Dammit, what was her name again...Mary?

"Yo, this better be good," I answer.

"Devon, its Brax. I need your help."

Straight away I'm on edge. "I'm sorry. Did you say Brax?

"Yeah, it's me," he replies, sounding defeated.

"My brother? The one who vanished into thin air? Tell me why I shouldn't hang up in your f**king ear right now," I say angrily.

"Because I'm your brother and I need your help. I'm out of options," he says, deadpan.

"Fuck, Brax, you gonna pull that card? Where were you when I needed you? When Dad roped me into doing his dirty work? Oh, that's right. Off playing soldiers. You left me high and f**king dry, brother," I spit out.

"Yeah, I know, and I've regretted that ever since. I had to get out of Atlanta, you know that," he says, his voice full of regret. "Otherwise he would've pulled me in too."

"Of course, it's all about you. I forgot."

"C'mon, man. Don't be like that. Are you still in Charlotte?" he asks.

"Where else would I be? Daddy dearest has left me alone since I've been up here and that's how I want it to stay. You heard from him?"

Brax and I share the same father, but Brax's mom wised up to the old man's tricks and moved away. I had to suffer through fifteen years with the sad excuse for a man known as Michael Evans before he left my mother and moved to New York.

I last heard from him five years ago. He wanted to see me again, reestablish our relationship or some shit. What he really wanted was for me to do some of his illegal dirty work; to take some heat off him. Where did that land me? Three years in jail for money laundering and grievous bodily harm. I got let out for good behavior nine months ago, and was met at the prison gates by my supposedly model citizen father who had the balls to pat me on the back and say he was proud of me. What the f**k? Thankfully my parole is finished, so I'm not tied down here anymore.

That sperm donor of mine was the reason I was behind bars, and I will hate him until my dying days. Brax was lucky; he got off lightly. He joined the Army at seventeen just as Evans started putting pressure on him to join him on the dark side. Probably got the same speech about family sticking together. Blood being thicker than water and all that shit.

"Long story short. I've seen him, and got beat up for crossing him. Just everyday stuff for him," he tells me.

"So he hasn't changed much then," I say laughing. When you have a corrupt ex-FBI Agent as a father, sometimes the only thing you can do is laugh.

"Nope, but I need your help, brother. I need a car to drive back up north ASAP. My girlfriend was shot tonight, and I need to get to her."

"Dude, really? This is all for a skirt?" I ask, surprised. Brax has never been one to chase a girl.

"She's not just another skirt. She is my life," he says angrily.

"Holy shit, bro. You finally fell for someone." I'm shocked that the other slut of the family found a keeper.

"Hey, man, enough of that shit. So can you help or what?" I can tell he's on edge. He is completely serious about this.

"Yeah, okay. What do you need me to do?" I ask, still racking my brain as to why he's calling me for help.

"I need a car."

"Where's the Mustang?" I ask, knowing Brax used to have the dopest blue Mustang I'd ever seen.

"It's up north. Not much help to me now, is it?" he says with a sigh.

"Ok. Can you get to Charlotte?" I ask, crossing my fingers he doesn't expect me to drive to Atlanta to pick his ass up.

"Yeah, I'll hitch a ride. There are enough truckers around that I should be good."

"When you get up here, give me a call. I'll come get you," I say, wondering how they hell I'll get my truck back from him if he takes it back to New York.

"Yeah. I really owe you for this," he adds before hanging up.

"Fucking oath you owe me, Brax," I say under my breath as I hang up. God damn Brax James! What the hell just happened? And what the hell did I just get involved in?

"Baby? Who was that?" I hear from beside me. Fuck! I really need to start remembering their names.

"None of your f**king business. Get out of my bed!" I say to Mandy. Michelle? God knows. I don't really care anymore.

"Fucking ass**le! You may have a big dick but that's all you've got!" she yells at me as she strips the sheet off and walks naked as the day she was born into my bathroom.

Damn, she has a nice ass. Wish I could remember her name; she could have been a repeat caller.

I text Shay as soon as I get off the phone with Devon.

Brax: I called Devon, just gotta get to Charlotte and I'll have a car.

Shay: Roger that. Elle in ER getting prepped for surgery. Perforating gunshot wound to left side. Managed to control blood loss by getting pressure on it. Will let you know more when I know more.

Brax: Shit! Why did I f**king listen to him? Should never have left her side.

Shay: Just get here, B. She needs you now.

Brax: On it. Going to hitch to Charlotte. Text you when I have a car. Tell her I love her and I'm coming.

Shay: Already done, dude.

I hate that I had to call Devon. Don't get me wrong; he's my brother, and I love him. But for so many reasons, he's too much of a reminder of how my life could have turned out. I escaped my father by joining the Army, but Devon has suffered the consequences of being an Evans. He took the rap for him and ended up going inside for five years.

I haven't seen him since I was seventeen, about a month before I enlisted. I'd dropped out of school, and Roger told me that I had to do something to change the life I was leading; that if I wasn't careful, I'd end up exactly like Evans. He even drove me to the Army recruitment office.

Roger was the type of man who I can only wish to become, and I'll do everything I can to make him proud. And right now, that means getting my ass back to New York, and back to Elle's side.

2

I make it to the interstate out of Atlanta without being followed. I can't have Gibbons finding me again. We don't know if he is working alone, or whether he has other staff from the organization working with him.

As soon as I had got off the plane in Atlanta, and reached HQ, I knew something wasn't right.

I walked into the boss's office, and the confused look I saw on his face all but confirmed it. Straight away he got to his feet and shut his office door behind him.

"What's going on Brax?" he asked.

"I thought you could tell me. Why pull me off the Halliwell case? I thought we were there until the threat was neutralized?"

He stopped moving and looked at me as if I'd grown two heads. "What do you mean? Gibbs told me that you and Elle had broken up, and you needed to get out immediately."

"Fuck!" I clenched my fists, trying to talk myself out of turning around and seriously hurting Gibbons. "Gibbs must be the rat."

"Hmm, that explains a lot," he said, deadpan.

"What do you mean? You knew about this?" I asked, my voice demanding answers.

"Fuck, no. But with the GPS fiasco, his lack of follow through with the notes, and now this stunt, he needs to f**king explain himself" I raked my hands through my hair. "I need to get back to her, boss. She'll be frantic by now," I added, not being able to fathom how distraught she must've been. The whole situation was one big f**k up, and my poor Elle was suffering the consequences.

The boss walked back around his big wooden desk, taking a seat in his high backed leather chair. He leaned back, holding his chin in his hand. I could tell he was trying to work out what to do next.

"Okay Brax, from now on, you only deal with me and Shay. We need to get you off Gibbon's radar and back to Elle's side. You know what's at stake for me, and I definitely can't afford the feds getting wind of the money just yet. I've spent twenty years not being caught. I'm not going to risk it all now."

"Right," I murmured, wondering where the hell he was going with it.

"You can stay in my apartment upstairs here at HQ until we find Gibbons. I can't have you out there without someone having your back, and Shay needs to stay on Elle," he explained. "In three days, you'll leave here and call Elle, telling her to meet you. Only tell her the necessary details. If you see Gibbons, or anyone you're not sure about, you need to get to a safe place."

"I understand, boss. What about Shay?" I asked. I knew Shay was going to be as angry as I was about Gibbons. We may have had our suspicions, but he was one of the last people we thought would double cross us.

He looked over at me, typing on his laptop. "Shay stays on Elle until we can get you two back together. I'm only doing this because I know you love the girl. She needs the stability you can offer. But Brax, you have to understand that Gibbons is an unknown entity."

"And where is Gibbs now?" I asked.

"Come here and look." He beckoned me to his side with his hand. "His GPS hasn't pinged in over thirty-six hours. God knows how he got away with that without being noticed, but this definitely isn't a coincidence."

Then it dawned on me. "Fuck! I need to ring Shay and warn him. Thirty-six hours is long enough for Gibbons to get to Elle."

The boss looked over at me, grinning like an idiot. "There's my boy. I knew you had some fight in you. You ring Shay while I check travel bookings. If he's left the state, I'll soon know about it," he mused, almost rubbing his hands in glee. The boss enjoyed this part of the game.

That was three days ago.

Gibbons turned up for his shift the next morning, acting completely normal. Only the boss and I know that he is compromised, so we decided not to rock the boat. We need to find out who he is working for before we confront him and, in the boss' words, 'throw out the trash.' He's not one to take something like this lying down.

He didn't ask Gibbons why I'm back, so I've had to grin and bear it, acting like nothing is wrong. To be honest, it's been the hardest three days of my life; being away from Elle and not even being able to contact her to let her know I'm okay. I've also had to keep my poker face on in front of Gibbons while the boss investigates him, trying to find evidence of who he's working for, and any recent contact he's had with anyone of interest. We think he has to be working for either Evans or Brimstone. My bet is on Brimstone. Evans is a lot of things, but he would never cross the boss man. The boss knows he is my father and their business may occasionally run in the same circles, but at the end of the day, even dear old dad wouldn't risk my life.

I stayed in the apartment above HQ for three days until the boss sent me a text earlier tonight, telling me the plan. I was to get Elle to meet me out of town, somewhere totally unexpected and unpredictable. That's why I picked the bandstand on the New Orleans's waterfront. Elle has never been there, I've never been there, and by all accounts it is as public as can be while also being easy to escape from if need be. I'd even arranged a thirty minute window for tonight, getting Leo to cover my ass with Gibbons while I went off radar and called Elle from a payphone down the street. Everything was going to plan until I heard that gun shot.

I will spend the rest of my life making this up to Elle, and hunting down whoever fired that shot.

I will make sure she is never alone or put in danger ever again, if it's the last thing I do

I've been walking for a mile along the I-85 out of Atlanta, hoping that a trucker will have mercy on me. Sure enough, an 18-wheeler pulls up a few moments later. Opening the cab door, I see a heavy set man wearing shorts and a plaid shirt grumbling at me to get in.

"Thanks for this, man. I'm heading to Charlotte if you're going that way," I say to him.

"Yup. Hop in. The name's Frank," he grunts as he puts the big rig in gear and pulls back out onto the road. I like Frank already; a man of few words. Right now, the last thing I want to do is talk.

Elle has been in surgery for two hours. I've been pacing the hospital's family room waiting for any news. I had to lie and say I'm her fiance. It was the only way I could get information about her status. It'll take a bit of explaining when Brax gets here, but who cares. I want to be able to give him up to date information when he calls.

I still haven't heard from him since his texts from Atlanta. All going well, he should be getting close to Charlotte now. I know it's going to take him a good twelve hours to get here if he can get a car from Devon, but knowing how determined he is, he'll drive through the night to get here. Nothing will stop him getting back to Elle. I just hope Devon comes through for him. Last time I saw him was nine years ago, and he wasn't in a good place. Then he went inside which wouldn't have done him any good.

I grab a coffee from the waiting room and snag a couch, making myself comfortable for the long night ahead of me. I can't help thinking about how I failed Elle tonight. How on earth did the intruder get past me, let alone get into Elle's apartment? Brax is going to chew my ass out once he gets over the shock and sees that Elle is going to be okay. Hell, she'd better come out of this okay. Brax will never forgive me if she doesn't.

It's now 6 a.m., and I've had a few hours of broken sleep on the dingy couch in the hospital waiting room. I've only had one update so far which was when the surgical nurse came and told me that they were still working to control the bleeding and stabilize her. It's been five hours, and I'm starting to worry. I haven't heard from Brax again either, but I'm hoping he is on his way back now. I had a missed called from Gibbons, but I don't trust myself to talk to him right now.

Once Brax and I realized that Gibbons played us, I'd stopped taking his calls until Brax called me two days ago and told me of the plan he has to smoke him out. We think he's working with Brimstone and has been relaying everything we tell him. Brax has been itching to get back, but until tonight we've had no firm plans, and now Elle being shot has thrown all those carefully laid out plans out the window. Brax was going to take her to our boss' safe house in Kentucky and lay low until everything was squared away. Now I don't have a clue what we're going to do.

According to the nurses, Elle will be in hospital for at least two to three weeks and will require breathing rehabilitation after she's discharged because she had a collapsed lung from the bullet. I hope Brax gets here soon. I know he'll want to be here when she wakes up. God, she'd better wake up!

Where did I go wrong? Who is the shooter? What on earth are the police going to do about this whole thing?

I've already been told to go down to the station to make a statement, but I'm putting it off because I know how it will go. How do I know Miss Halliwell? What was I doing in her apartment? Why didn't I secure the shooter? Who do I work for? All questions I have to look forward to, but they'll be a piece of cake compared to the grilling I'll get from Brax. I know I let him and Elle down. In all the years that we've known each other, I've never once disappointed him. If Elle doesn't come through this, I know that Brax will never get over it. Believe me; losing the love of your life is not something you can just get over.

C'mon, Brax. Let me know where you are.

I check for any new text messages from Brax, then look up to see the scrub nurse standing in the doorway with a slight smile on her face.

"She's coming out of surgery now. She lost a lot of blood, but they were able to stop the bleeding and reinflate the punctured lung. She's got a long road to recovery ahead of her, but she is going to be okay, barring any complications. I just wanted to let you know."

"Thank you so much. Can someone please let me know when I can see her?" I ask. I need to see her breathing again. I have an image embedded in my brain of her pale and lifeless body lying in the back of the ambulance. Then she coded, and they'd had to resuscitate her. I need to feel her pulse to believe that she is truly alive so that I can get that image out of my head.

"Sure thing. It'll be awhile. We've got to do regular checks while she's on the ventilator and unconscious. I'll have to get the doctor to come and talk to you about the recovery process and what to expect, but once we've got her settled into intensive care, I'll send someone down to get you."

"I can't thank you enough," I reply, breathing out a huge sigh of relief.

I bow my head in silent prayer, thanking God for hearing my plea and sparing Elle and Brax. If only I could be certain that we're in the clear now. I have a bad feeling in the pit of my stomach that this may only be the beginning.

Frank ended up being a pretty cool dude. He was a bit standoffish at first, but he was soon chatting away to me like I was his long lost buddy. He shared stories of life on the road, doing long haul trips up to New York and back, and the sights he has seen. We also talked about being in the military as he was in the Army in his younger days.

He dropped me off about half an hour ago on the outskirts of Charlotte, North Carolina. I pull my phone out, texting Devon.

Brax: Got dropped off at Charlotte Douglas International. Can you come get me?

I wait for a good ten minutes before I get a reply.

Devon: Hail a cab and meet me at the Time Warner Arena in the city. We'll take off straight from there.

Brax: What do you mean we?

Devon: You didn't think I was gonna let you go alone, did ya?

Brax: I dunno, dude. I just wanna get there ASAP.

Devon: I know. Who better than a petty crim with experience outrunning the police?

Brax: Touche. See you in half an hour.

Devon: More like fifteen. I'm starting the car now.

I grab a cab from outside the terminal and soon enough I'm standing in the middle of Charlotte, outside the Cable Arena, waiting for Devon to pick me up.

It's been nine years since I last saw him; before the Army, and before my father got his hooks into him, effectively derailing his life. Devon was powerless to resist Evans. The pull of easy women, fast cash, and rising through the ranks was all too appealing. The fantasy was shattered when Devon was framed for money laundering and assault. I know three years inside will have changed him, but I won't know how much until I see him in front of me. He's always been a smart ass, though. Must be something in the Evans' genes.

I see a white Dodge Ram pickup truck pull up beside me, with a familiar scruffy man sitting behind the wheel. I throw my duffle bag over my shoulder and open the passenger door, sliding onto the beige vinyl seat and slamming the door closed behind me.

"Hey, Brax. Long time no see," he murmurs cautiously. I don't blame the guy. I represent everything he wished he had the strength to do; go up against the might of Michael Evans.

"You're telling me, brother. Looks like you're doing well for yourself," I remark with a grin.

I look him over. He's got cloudy blue eyes, a couple of shades darker than mine, brown hair that sticks up at the top. It looks like he's just had a woman's hands running through it all night long. He has a smattering of stubble across his cheeks and top lip that makes him look rough around the edges. I'm sure that's the look he's going for, rugged and scary.

Devon laughs. "Yeah, well it seems keeping on the straight and narrow can be just as lucrative. Working during a construction boom works just as well too."

"I can't thank you enough for this," I say mournfully. "I just wish it was under better circumstances."

"Enough of the sappy shit. Let's get on the road and get you back to your girl. What's her name?" he says as he turns the wheel, pulling back out into the slowly building traffic.

I check the clock on the dash and realize that it's been five hours since Elle was shot. I haven't heard from Shay again. I need to hear that she's okay, or at least going to be.

"Her name is Elle. From the West Coast originally, but is now going to school near New York," I reply. "I was working a job, protecting her. Fat lot of good that did, considering I got conned into leaving her, then a week later she gets shot in her own bed."

"Shit, bro. Is she okay?"

"Shay got there straight after it happened. Got the shooter too, but when he was checking on Elle he got away. Last I heard she was in the ER and was headed into surgery." I know I've made many mistakes, but I want to make it right. I want to tell Elle everything, but I hope like hell she'll forgive me for lying to her for so long.

"You wanna use my cell to call Shay? Get an update? We've got at least twelve hours driving ahead of us if we don't stop too much and switch driving. That'll make it close to six pm when we get there," he surmises.

I grab the phone that he holds out to me. "Thanks, D. I'm still not sure if mine is being monitored, but I've already sent Shay some texts. Kind of had to."

He eyes me suspiciously. "By who?"

"By Gibbons, my supervisor. The boss and I think he's compromised."

Devon lets out a hissed breath through his teeth. "Shit, you don't want that in a security op. What's the boss doing about it?"

"Tracking his movements, and looking for connections. He has a burner with him at all times that he never lets out of his sight apparently, but we're hoping he'll slip up so that we can put a tracker on it, too. We think he's working for Harry Brimstone, a businessman from Los Angeles. He wants to take over Elle's company, but she refused."

"Caught yourself a rich one then?" he asks, sounding surprised.

"It's not like I'm short of cash, D. My work has been very lucrative," I retort, getting annoyed at his insinuation.

"Damn, knew I should've looked you up," he replies with a laugh. "I'm joking. Look, it's all good. Why don't you ring Shay and then catch some sleep? I'll wake you up when it's your turn to drive." That sounds like a really great idea.

I dial Shay's number and wait for him to answer, my nerves now completely shot from worry and exhaustion.

"Shay," he answers.

I clear my throat, trying to sound normal. "It's me. Please tell me she's okay."

"Devon's phone I assume? I was starting to worry about you, man," he says quietly.

"I'm fine. Just desperate to see my girl. Is she out of surgery?"

"Yeah, she's okay, came out about half an hour ago. She's in the ICU now. They had a bit of trouble stopping the bleeding, but they think she is going to be fine. She had a punctured lung and lost a lot of blood. They had to give her a blood transfusion in the OR," he explains.

I breathe out loudly. "Fuck, dude! How did this happen?"

"I've been racking my brain, man. The guy must've already been in the building. I've been watching her like a hawk. I didn't want to risk anything, especially not knowing what Gibbons is capable of. When the trip alarm on her front door pinged, I knew something was up. I got up there straight after she hung up from you, heard the gun shot from the foyer, and raced inside. I knocked the f**ker out, but he escaped when I was checking on her."

"Who was it?" I ask.

"No idea, but he was a professional. He had a ski mask on and was dressed in black, head to toe. He will definitely have a sore head this morning, though. His head met the kitchen wall. Hard."

"He wouldn't have been breathing had I been there. You sure she's going to be okay?"

He's silent for a moment. "Last report from the nurse said that barring complications, she'll be fine, but it is going to take a while for her to recover. I'm so sorry, B. I should've gotten inside quicker." He sounds gutted.

"I don't blame you, Shay. I'm just glad you got there when you did. Otherwise, I might've lost her.

"Wouldn't have let that happen."

"I know. We're just leaving Charlotte, but I'll text you in a few hours for another update, okay?" I say, signing off.

"Sure thing, B. Drive safe."

I swallow down the lump forming in my throat. It wouldn't be good form to break down in front of my older brother, so I clear my throat before I talk again. "Shay, thanks for looking after her for me."

He goes silent again. I know how hard this whole situation must be for him. "Was never gonna let anything happen to her. I'd do anything to keep you from going through the hell I went through."

I let out the breath I didn't realize I was holding. I have to get to her.

3

Could this drive take any longer? We're about two hours away from Elle, and Devon has to stop to stretch his legs. I drove for a few hours, but Devon told me it was probably safer for him to drive, given that I can only think about Elle.

"Dude, can we move it along?"

"B, unless you want me to cramp up and crash into a ditch, you'll give me five minutes to stretch my legs," he snaps.

"Sorry. I just need to see for myself that she is still alive and breathing. If Evans has anything to do with this, I will take pleasure in shooting him dead myself," I say through gritted teeth.

He looks over at me with sympathy as he walks back towards the driver's door. "You and me both, brother, but one thing at a time. Let's get you to your girl, then go from there. We can deal with our dear old dad after that."

After three more hours of driving, we're finally pulling up outside the hospital. I pull my phone out and text Shay.

Brax: Where is she?

Shay: Fourth Floor, northern wing. She's sleeping right now, but I saw her a few hours ago, and she was okay.

Brax: Where are you?

Shay: Outside the elevator on the ground floor waiting for you.

Brax: Roger that.

Devon and I follow the signs and sure enough, there is Shay waiting outside the elevator for us. I give him a hug, quietly talking in his ear, "I'll never be able to make this up to you, bro. You saved her."

He pulls away and looks at me. "I would do it again in a heartbeat."

"I know, and that means the world to me. I couldn't see a tail outside, but could you take Devon and maybe case out the parking lot just to be sure. Everything is unpredictable right now, so I'd rather have Devon on board with us. The boss man has cleared it all too," I explain, accepting Shay's nod as his agreement.

"Go see your girl, Brax. She needs you now more than ever," he says before walking over to Devon and shaking his hand. "Let's go, D. We can catch up while we're walking."

I look over at Devon. "I'll see you soon, brother. Stick with Shay. He'll fill you in on everything. And thank you.......for everything."

"Sure thing," he replies before turning and walking away with Shay.

I step into the elevator, and the sterile, dry air surrounds me as the smell of antiseptic spray enters my lungs. It's overwhelming; almost sickening.

I've always hated hospitals, but after my adopted mother's cancer returned, we spent a lot of time in one while she got her treatments. Since then, I have resented them. Leah was the strongest, most prolific female role model in my life. She loved me for who I was, not because she had to. She never once made me feel like I wasn't her own child, I felt adored and cherished, and she taught me to value myself and treat everyone with respect.

When she died a year after her diagnosis, Roger and I only had each other left. Her death only brought us closer, and my father was my hero from that moment on. He made sure that I always knew that Leah was proud of me, and how happy I made both of them by coming into their lives. Even now, I know that they're both looking down on me. It makes this moment even harder. I feel like I've let Elle down, as well as my parents. I should have stood my ground and refused to leave her side a week ago. I will spend the rest of my life making it up to her.

If she'll give me the chance.

I reach the nurse's station on the fourth floor and get directions to Elle's room. They tell me that she is sleeping but that I can visit her if I'm quiet and don't disturb her. I walk towards the door of her room and come to a complete stop the moment I see her. I can feel myself choking up just at the sight of her. It's been seven long days since I saw her last, when I left her sleeping side, shattering both of our hearts in the process.

She looks so broken. Her brown hair is messy and unkempt. Her skin, once radiant and glowing, looks clammy and pale, and her beautiful green eyes are hidden as she sleeps peacefully. The only sounds in the room are the constant beeping of her heartbeat on the monitor and the whooshing sound of the ventilator as it breathes for her.

I will my legs to move and slowly approach the chair beside her bed. Sitting down on the edge of it, I reach forward and take her limp hand in mine. It feels so warm; the electric touch that I've always felt with Elle still radiates through me.

I lay my head down on her hand. It's the closest I can be to her right now, and I'll take whatever I can get.

As Devon and I walk outside the hospital doors, the sunlight hurts my eyes. I've been inside the hospital's stifling four walls for over fourteen hours now; bright light is a bit of a shock to my system.

I look around the parking lot, realizing that I don't even have a car here. "Where's your car, bro?" I ask.

"Just over here. The white Dodge Ram," he says proudly.

I look over his truck as we get closer to it. "Nice ride," I murmur.

"Yeah, man. Gotta have a nice ride to get the tail," he says with a laugh.

"Is that my problem?" I reply dryly.

"Maybe, bro, maybe. So where are we headed? I could really do with a shower and a change of clothes."

I pause for a moment, thinking of what to do. "We'll head to Elle's apartment. I need to check it out now that the police are finished with it. See how the f**ker got in."

"Sweet. Put the address in the GPS and we'll head off."

I send Brax a text to let him know what we're doing.

Shay: Just heading back to the apartment to have a shower and check the place out. Will need a clean up and alarm system too. Want me to sort it out?

Brax: Yeah, whatever she needs, man. Charge it to my card.

Shay: You okay?

Brax: I will be when she wakes up.

After about ten minutes, we park outside Elle's building. There are no police cars or yellow police tape outside; you'd have no idea that the owner of the building was shot in her bed last night. I run my hands through my hair. I'm terrified by what I'm going to see in the light of day. She was shot in her bed, and although I turned the bathroom light on when I was looking for a towel, I never really got a full view of the scene. I was too focused on getting to Elle and keeping her alive.

It's been nine years since I have been in a situation like this; a woman I care a lot about being shot and me being unable to do anything about it. I didn't even question what had to be done. I had to do whatever it took to save her life. At least this time I was able to save Elle. I wasn't able to save Brenna when she needed me, and I lost the love of my life because of it. I shake my head, trying to snap out of this walk down memory lane. I have to focus on Elle right now.

"Okay, D. Grab your bag and we'll head on upstairs."

"Right behind ya," he replies as he cuts the engine and opens his door.

We reach the landing outside Elle's apartment, and sure enough there is the yellow police tape wrapped around her front door.

"I guess this is the place," Devon says, deadpan.

I scoff. "Yeah. Home, not so sweet, home."

I turn the handle, but it's locked. Pulling out Brax's key, I unlock the door, apprehensively walking inside. Devon moves slowly behind me, spending the time to take in the scene in front of him. The living room looks untouched; nothing out of the ordinary. I walk into the kitchen, turning to see the tell-tale black smudges on the door frames and around Elle's bedroom door from where the police dusted for prints. I turn my head and see the kitchen wall where I knocked the shooter out. There is a small dent in the drywall. I chuckle to myself. Bet the f**ker has a killer headache this morning.

"Was that your doing?" Devon asks.

I look over to him and smirk. "Yeah. Clocked him in the head and he crumbled like a little bitch. Pity he didn't stay down."

He puts his hand on my shoulder, gripping it firmly. "Next time, Shay, he won't get up."

I can't take my eyes off her. Her hand feels warm, and I can see her chest rising and falling in time with the ventilator, but it still doesn't seem real. I think I need to see her open those deep green eyes and smile at me with her grin that can light up a room. I want to be able to kiss those soft pink lips of hers and hold her close to me.

It's been seven days since I've been able to touch her; to make love to her. My body has ached for her every day that I've been gone. My heart shattered into pieces the moment I walked out that door.

I remember the conversation we had just moments before she was shot. She said she didn't care about any of it. Told me that nobody could hurt her except me, and that's exactly what happened. She wouldn't have been shot if I'd been there, protecting her. There was only so much Shay could do, and I know I can't blame him for this happening.

But despite being heartbroken, she still loves me. She told me she couldn't be without me. "I'm broken," she said before I asked her to meet me in New Orleans. If only I'd called her sooner, or told Shay to bring her to me. I'll never forgive myself. God, I hope she still wants me after this. I don't know what I'll do if she has changed her mind about us.

For all she knows, she got shot because of me. I need her to wake up. I'll even pray if I have to. She has to be okay.

I look over and see a bag with Elle's name on it on top of the cabinet beside the bed. I stand up and walk around, opening the bag to have a look. I see Elle's blood splattered pajamas and her diamond infinity necklace lying on top. I reach inside the bag and pull it out, laying it over my hand as my finger traces the curves of the design. I'm still wearing my ring she gave me. It has not come off my finger even once since she gave it to me. In a way, it made me feel better when I was away, knowing I had a piece of her with me. Undoing the clasp and reaching over the bed, I place the necklace gently around her small frail neck, kissing her forehead before standing up again.

I sit down in the chair beside her again, remembering the last words she had said to me before that echoing blast rocked both our worlds. "I love you always," she said.

"I love you too, sweetheart," I murmur as I fall asleep next to her; my head on the bed, and my hand cradling hers.

I've been at Elle's bedside for two days now. Forty-eight hours of holding her hand, talking to her, remembering the happy times over our past ten months together. I've been thinking of all the little things we would do. The sneaky gropes, the soft kisses Elle would give me all over my face when she woke me up.

I love how she has always shown me her cheeky side, even from the beginning. Of course, her cheeky side ended up being a hell of a lot more sultry towards the end, but I was so far gone, anything she gave me was a blessing.

I can't wipe the smile off my face when I remember Shay's birthday party and how much we teased each other until we couldn't take it anymore. I had to touch her, to hear her cry out my name as I brought her to climax, to have her body grip mine as I moved inside her. That was one of these most memorable nights of my life.

I need her to survive this, so we can have more nights like that.

Three days.

Three of the longest days in my f**king life.

Three days of the whirring ventilator, the stream of nurses and doctors coming in and out, the constant poking and prodding, the tests, the sound of the blood pressure machine tightening and loosening, even the ticking of the clock on the wall. It's all starting to get to me.

She needs to wake up.

She must wake up.

4

Four days have been and gone, and Elle is still in a medically induced coma. The doctors are happy with her progress and want to try taking her off the ventilator and removing the tube from her throat when she wakes up.

One of the nurses, Beverly, seems to have taken a shining to us. Being in the ICU, visiting hours are usually limited to enable patients to get as much rest as possible so that they can recover. Somehow, Beverly has managed to let me stay in Elle's room overnight. That woman deserves a gold medal!

It's Wednesday morning almost a week since Elle was shot and a week since my middle of the night dash across half the country to get back to her. I've barely left her side since I've been back, apart from the rare food and bathroom break, or quick showers in the nurse's lounge before rushing back to her bedside.

We're waiting for the doctors to do their rounds before they try to get her breathing on her own again. I'm a nervous wreck, more so today than the rest of the week. I suppose it's because so much could go wrong. I sent Shay a text earlier, asking him to be close to the hospital this morning. I know I'll need him if shit goes bad. I'm a mess as I wait for the moment she's awake again. I need to see her open those beautiful green eyes to know she'll be okay.

An hour later, Shay pops his head in to let me know he's arrived just as the doctors and Beverly enter the room for their rounds.

"Let me know how it goes," he says before leaving.

"Brax, this is Dr. Robinson. He's the cardiothoracic surgeon who performed Elle's surgery. And this is Dr. Jarvis. He's the pulmonologist who will listen to Elle's lungs once we've done everything. He just needs to have a final check to make sure Elise is ready to breathe on her own," Beverly explains to me.

"Okay," I reply, running my hands through my hair as my nerves reach breaking point. I'll never forgive myself if she's not okay.

The surgeon checks Elle's chart and looks through the notes before pulling out his stethoscope to listen to her chest. After a few minutes he nods to the other doctor and turns to talk to me.

"She's going to find it quite painful to breathe for a few days, and her throat is likely going to be irritated from the tube, but it is all looking very good. If she can cope over the next twenty-four hours, we'll be able to move her out of ICU down to the surgical ward. Then after a few days, if the breathing therapy is going alright, we'll look at discharging her. Sound good?"

I stand up and move to shake his hand. "Yeah, sounds great. Thank you so much, Dr. Robinson."

"Do you have any questions for me?" he asks, jotting down some notes on Elle's chart.

I pause to think about what I really need to know from him. "Will she remember the shooting?" I ask.

"Yes, she should. Your friend acted fast, and the paramedics were able to get to her relatively quickly. Because of that, there was no lack of oxygen, so there is little to no chance of any lasting effects on her brain or memory," he replies, placing his hand on my forearm. "In a few weeks she'll be back on her feet, and in a month or so she'll be back to normal."

I nod in acceptance. "Thanks, doctor."

"Okay. Let's get this tube out, and the ventilator turned off," he says to Beverly.

"I might just step out into the hall while you do that," I say quietly, stepping out into the hallway outside Elle's hospital room. I may have lived here for the past week, but I have too many bad memories from Leah to watch them do things to my Elle.

About ten minutes later, the doctors step out of the room, smiling at me before walking towards the nurse's station. Beverly gestures for me to come back in the room and I look over to see my gorgeous girl still sleeping. Her eyes are shut, but gone is the whirring ventilator. The only noise now is the heart rate monitor steadily beeping away beside her. I take a moment to steady my breathing, letting out a huge sigh of relief. I'm back home, back where I'm always meant to be. Now, I have to work to stay here, and hope like hell that I can keep her safe in the process.

My eyes are closed and feel really heavy. I try to open them, but they won't budge. Wait. What is that beeping sound I hear? It speeds up as I start to panic. Where the hell am I?

"Shh, dear. You're okay. I need you to calm down for me, sweetheart," I hear an older woman's warm voice talking softly beside me. Her voice sounds very maternal, and it is calming me down. "Elle, you are okay now. You're in the hospital, and you've just had surgery to fix up your chest. Do you remember where you are now?"

I nod my head ever so slightly, fighting a losing battle to keep my eyes open. They feel like they're stuck together. I try again and get the smallest glimpse of light coming from in front of me.

"That's right, Elle, nice and slow now. We've turned the lights off so that it won't be so painful for you. You just need to relax and try breathing normally. Slow and steady breaths," I hear her say from my left hand side. I turn my head towards her voice.

"W....Water," I rasp, my voice barely audible.

I hear something knock against the bed beside me, startling me. "We need to take it slow, Elle. Ice chips to start off with, okay? Open your mouth slightly."

I oblige and feel a cold spoon on my parched lips and the cool smoothness of the ice chips as they melt on my tongue. I moan. It feels so good to have some water, even in ice form. I gesture for more, nodding carefully when she brings the cup back towards me.

"Okay. One last lot before I check your vitals again," the nice woman tells me. "I'm Beverly. I'm your nurse for the next three hours until I finish my shift."

Not wanting to hurt my throat again, I give her a small nod and smile. I feel a small warm hand gently grab my wrist, then the ripping of Velcro while a scratchy cuff is pulled up to the top of my arm. Beverly turns my wrist outwards, pressing two fingers on my pulse point while I feel the cuff start to inflate and tighten.

"You gave us quite a scare there for a while. Especially in the OR."

I clear my throat. It feels so dry and rough, but I'm still feeling really confused and wary. "W...what happened?"

"The bullet punctured your lung, and there was some uncontrolled bleeding. It took a while to get the bleeding under control, then we had to reinflate your lung, but the surgeon was able to fix you up as good as new," Beverly explains.

"B.....B....Brax," I whisper. Damn, it hurts to breathe.

"Sweetheart, I'm here." I hear his voice coming from my right hand side. The voice I've been dreaming about while I've been sleeping is here with me; not over the phone, and not in my head. He's actually here with me.

I turn my head towards his voice and give him a sleepy smile.

"Yeah, baby, I'm here." he says, gently grabbing my free hand, and stroking his thumb over my knuckles.

Suddenly, it is like a dam has burst; a sob escapes my throat, and I can't stop the tears that fall.

"Elle, it's okay now. I'm here, and I'm never gonna leave you again," he says, leaning forward and gently kissing my dry lips. "I'm here."

Beverly clears her throat. "Don't go getting her upset now. She's been asleep for a long time, and she's only just come off the ventilator."

Brax looks up at her and gives her a responding nod. "Yes, ma'am," he says with a smirk. I hear her chuckle; that smirk will charm anyone obviously.

"I'll leave you two alone, but I'll be back in about an hour to check your vitals again. The doctor wants them done hourly for the next twelve hours," she explains before grabbing a folder from the end of my bed and heading out the door, leaving Brax and I alone.

I move my head back towards him and smile; he's just as gorgeous as I remember. He looks very tired and worn down, though. It seems like just yesterday I was falling asleep in his arms.

I realize that I have so many unanswered questions, and I don't even know where to start.

"When?"

"I came as soon as I could get here. I think it was about thirteen hours after they brought you in," he says, slowing down his strokes across my hand. "I swear to god, sweetheart. This has been the longest week of my life."

A week? "A week?"

He looks up at me, wide eyed. "Elle, you've been in an induced coma for the past four days, hooked up to a ventilator to help you breathe. The bullet nicked your lung, and you bled out."

I gasp in shock. A whole week of my life is gone, just like that. He stands up and leans over me, stroking my hair away from my face.

"Hey, it's okay, hon. You're out of the woods now. The doctor is happy with how you're doing, and will be by to explain everything to you soon."

I nod. My throat feels like it has closed up.

"I've been here the whole time. I couldn't bear to leave you again. I'm so sorry." He comes closer and gently brushes his lips against mine. All I've wanted since he left was to feel his lips on me again. I lift my hand and gingerly place it behind his neck, pulling him back towards me when he tries to move away.

He smiles as he goes to kiss me again. I can tell he's being careful, but his touch feels tender and soft, like he thinks I'm going to break.

His forehead leans against mine; as he looks down at me. "I missed you so much, Elle," he murmurs against my lips.

"Missed... you... too," I whisper. Damn, it hurts so much.

Brax stands up and sits back down in the chair beside me, not once letting my hand go.

"How are you feeling?"

I move my hand around to show that I'm feeling so-so. He leans forward again and sweeps my hair back off my face. "I missed you," I whisper again.

He sits there, like he's trying to commit my face to memory again. "I missed you more."

I shake my head, not believing that it is possible for him to miss me more.

"Well, I would show you, but considering you're struggling to breathe, we might have to take a rain check," he replies with a cheeky smirk.

I start to giggle, then suddenly wince in pain. "Ow."

"Shit, are you alright? Damn, I can't stop hurting you, can I?" He shakes his head and frowns. "I hope to hell you'll let me make this up to you because it's killing me to see you like this, babe, knowing that it's my fault."

I shake my head at him. "No," I wheeze as I feel my eyes get wet again.

"Shh, you're okay." He reaches over to cup my cheek in his hand. "No more blame," he whispers before leaning in again and gently brushing his lips with mine.

"You need to rest, and your medication is going to make you fall asleep. I'm just gonna see Shay and update him. You sleep, and I'll be back when you wake up. Is that alright?"

"Yeah," I reply, my speech slurring as the meds start kicking in.

I hear a chuckle in the darkness, "I love you, sweetheart," he says as I hear his footsteps walk out of the room.

I sigh, unable to open my eyes to see him leave, but knowing that he can see the small smile on my face.

Brax came back.

I wake up, startled, a short while later.

"Brax?"

"Hey, sleepyhead. He popped home to clean himself up. There is a friend of yours in the waiting room, though. Would you like me to get him for you?" that nice nurse, Beverly, asks, standing beside me. She's taking my blood pressure again; that is probably what woke me up. She removes the cuff, and offers me some more ice chips.

"I'll just pop down and get him for you, Elise. You need to rest, though, so I don't want anyone upsetting you, okay?" I nod in agreement as she turns and leaves the room.

A few moments later, Shay walks in the room. He takes one look at me and shakes his head. "Shit, babe. I'm so sorry, Elle. I should've stopped him."

"What do you mean?" I whisper. It doesn't seem to hurt my throat as much if I talk quietly.

"The shooter. He must've already been in the building because I didn't even see him go in. But I had a feeling something was wrong, and when I heard the gunshot, I raced upstairs. I knocked him out, but he got away while I was helping you." He grabs a chair and drags it over next to the bed, "I'm so sorry," he says again.

"Shay, it wasn't your fault."

"It shouldn't have happened. Not to you," he says shakily, his voice almost breaking. He seems to be taking this really hard.

"Brax?"

He shoots his head up, grabbing my hand at the same time. "I sent him home to have a shower and a nap. He's been here 24/7 since he got back. He did tell me to say that he loves you and that he'll be back soon." I give him a weak smile. "His brother, Devon, drove him up. You'll get to meet him soon, no doubt."

"Brother?" My head is going fuzzy again. I'm guessing that Beverly gave me some more medication and that it is starting to kick in. All of a sudden, it seems really hard to do anything.

"Yeah, babe. Brax will explain later, but you need to rest. He'll be back here in no time," he says quietly, reaching up and stroking my head.

"Why did Brax say I was in danger?" I ask, my words coming out very slowly.

"Don't worry about anything, Elle. We won't let them hurt you again," I hear him say as my eyes go blurry and darkness envelopes me once again.

When I wake up, the room is dark. All I can see is the red line of the heart monitor and a haze of light coming from the doorway. I look around, starting to panic when I can't see Brax.

"Hey, sweetheart. I'm right here," he says from the other side of me. He must have moved the chair closer to the bed when I was sleeping.

"I was scared you wouldn't come back," I say breathlessly.

He reaches for my hand, tucking it in between his. "I'm not going anywhere. I'm here to stay. It's you and me against the world now, hon."

I try to take a deep breath and calm down, causing pain to spike through the bottom of my chest. "I hope so," I wheeze.

"Hey, you gotta take it easy. I'm not leaving you again. Ever. You're my today, tomorrow and my forever if you'll still have me."

A huge smile grows over my face. "I've never wanted you more, Brax, and I don't see that changing in this lifetime."

"Glad to hear it, darlin'," he drawls, melting my heart and any resolve I had to quit touching him. I lift my hand and crook my finger at him, asking him to come closer.

"I need you to show me," I say quietly so only he can hear.

"You don't have to ask me twice," he states, before gently teasing my mouth open with his tongue and softly caressing my tongue with his, exploring my mouth like it has been weeks, months, years since our last kiss. I sigh into his mouth as we pull back and just breathe each other in.

I feel safe again. With Brax by my side, I'm not afraid of anything. I'm not scared of Harry Brimstone and what he might do with Brightlight, or even of the stranger who broke into my home and tried to kill me. Right now, in this room, I have everything I ever need.

5

Elle has been in a general ward for just over three days now. The doctors are amazed at her recovery, and how well she is doing with her breathing rehab, and are talking about releasing her at the end of the week. Just two days and I can have Elle home with me.

While she has her therapy session this morning, I'm heading home to make sure the apartment is ready for her and to meet up with Shay and Devon. While I'm grabbing some coffees, I feel my phone buzz on my hip.

I pull it up to my ear. "Brax."

"Brax, it's me. How's Elle doing?"

"Hey, boss. She's really good. Looking at being discharged in a few days."

"That's good news. How are things between you two?"

"Really good. We've still got to talk about things, but we're good, I think. I was gonna call you, actually. I've taken down the bugs in the apartment. We don't need them anymore," I state.

"Brax," he says, his voice full of warning.

"No. There is no discussion on this. I'm here, and I'm not going anywhere. There is no need for HQ to listen in anymore!" I'm being defiant now.

He pauses for a moment. "Okay, but you have to stay alert, Brax. And I'm glad she's on the mend. I really am. Now for the reason I'm calling. I don't know if you're going to like what I'm about to tell you."

"Go on..."

"I called to tell you that I had to let Gibbons go. He tried to hack into some secure information I had set up to catch him out. We traced some calls between him and Harry Brimstone starting a few months ago with the last one being last Saturday."

"I f**king knew it!"

"Yeah, you picked it. I don't know how much information he forwarded onto Harry, but I couldn't take the risk anymore. You understand?" he drawls.

This changes things. "Of course, although I'm surprised you didn't put him out on his ass when we first worked it out."

"Yeah, well there is always a reason why we do things, Brax. I wanted to make sure he was compromised, then build up some evidence against him as leverage," he explains.

"So where to from here?" Suddenly, I have a bad feeling about all of this. We have another person to worry about.

"I've put a trace on his calls and emails. When, and if, he contacts Brimstone again, we'll know about it, but I want you to brief Shay about these latest developments. Gibbons received a fairly good incentive to cross me, and he might become desperate now that he's lost access to his bargaining tools."

"Devon's sticking around for a while. I think he should go with Shay too."

"That's your call, Brax. You know whether he's worth anything to us."

"Yeah, he is, and I'll back him 100%."

"Good, because it's on you."

"Would Gibbons come after Elle himself?" I hope like hell he is smart enough to know how idiotic that would be.

"I don't know, Brax. I haven't worked out his angle, yet. Right now he's motivated by money, but I want Shay and Devon to stay on Brimstone. It means they'll have to go to LA, but with Elle in the hospital right now and you not leaving her side, I think it is now or never," he explains.

"I agree. It's not like Elle and I will be going anywhere over the next week or two, apart from visits to the hospital for check-ups."

"Okay. Has there been any movement in or around the apartment?"

"Nope, but I'm not going to risk it. Whoever the shooter was, he failed, so I know he'll be back. I just don't know when or how. I need to stay one step ahead." I'm determined to hunt down the f**ker.

"And I'll help in any way I can. As far as I'm concerned, the job is on-going so keep me updated," he says before ending the call.

I park my car and head inside the building. Shay and Devon have done an awesome job of cleaning the place up.

When I walk through the door, Shay and Devon are sitting in the living room. Devon has been crashing on Elle's couch since we arrived, but he'll be moving to Shay's place when Elle is discharged. I nod my head at them as I walk in, putting the coffees down on the table in front of them.

"The boss just called. Gibbons has been cut loose," I state as I take a seat on the couch.

"Fucking hell! Where is he now? Do we know?" Shay asks, his frown deepening.

"Nope. HQ are tracking his movements and calls, but the boss wanted us to know in case he shows his face around here. He's a bit of a loose cannon right now, apparently. He was paid a lot of money to provide information about the job to Brimstone, and now he can't do that anymore, so the money has dried up. We have no way of knowing what he's going to do," I tell them.

"What's this Harry Brimstone capable of?" Devon asks as he picks up one of the cardboard coffee cups.

"Brimstone wants Brightlight all to himself. He's got balls and knows that the only way to get Elle's share in the company is to enact the incapacitation clause of the constitution."

Shay interrupts me. "We need him to slip up before they come after her again."

"Yup. That's why the boss wants you two to go to LA. You need to work on getting someone close to Harry to flip." It's definitely not the most ideal situation, but it is something we need to do.

"Okay," they both reply without hesitation.

"Fly out when?" Devon asks us.

"Tomorrow. The sooner the better. But no flying. You have to drive. It's untraceable."

Shay stands up and walks over to the kitchen counter where my laptop is kept. "I'll work out the quickest route to get there. We'll try to get in and out as quick as possible. I'm not sure about leaving you behind without backup though, Brax."

"It'll only be for a couple of days after Elle's discharged, and she'll be needing a lot of rest anyway," I say, knowing that Shay can read between the lines. I need them to get to LA and bring Brimstone to his knees quickly then get back to us while also giving Elle and I time to ourselves.

I look up at the clock on the wall and realize that it's almost time to head back to the hospital. "Okay, I'm gonna have a quick shower and head back in. You guys alright?" I ask, dropping my coffee cup in the trashcan.

"Yup," they reply in unison, earning a smirk from me.

"God, you guys are even talking alike now," I tease, cracking up laughing at the scowls on their faces.

There is a lot riding on Shay and Devon's trip to LA. They need to get enough dirt on Harry Brimstone so that we have some leverage. I also hope like hell that Gibbons will give up on this now that he's been let go by the boss man.

Somehow, I don't think it is going to be that easy.

I'm livid. Beyond angry. If Brax James were in front of me right now, I'd wring his f**king neck. I've had a sweet deal going, but he had to go and ruin it by getting all suspicious and talking to the boss. Of course, the boss didn't tell me exactly why he was letting me go. He just told me that he couldn't trust me anymore, and he couldn't have that in his organization.

Thankfully, my wife Gloria was out when I got home. I don't know how I'll explain any of this to her. All she knows is that the bank stopped calling us asking for money. She doesn't know that I'm short two payments still. I'm waiting for Harry Brimstone's call too. I'm expecting him to yell at me because I'm no use to him now. Not unless I can get to Elise myself.

Damn! That may be my last option. I can't have Gloria find out about the financial shit we're in. I've never been able to say no to that woman, and years of giving her free reign of our finances and credit cards have put us in this position, along with my awful luck at the poker tables in Atlantic City a few weeks before Christmas.

I thought all of my prayers had been answered when Harry sat down at the table next to me. Little did I know that making a deal with the devil himself would get me in an even bigger pile of shit. He saw his chance and took it like the shrewd business man he is.

In the beginning, all he wanted was info on Brax and his background. He said he had heard of him and just wanted to make sure he was the right kind of man for Elle. I told him all I knew which wasn't much. He seemed unhappy with it, and asked if I could start monitoring the case and informing him if anything of interest came up. So I did. I'd tell him about any developments in the case, or the lack of them. That was when he made me the offer which would turn me against the boss and the organization that I'd worked at for over ten years; $500,000 if I could get Brax out of Elle's life. This would leave Elle open for Harry to swoop in and, in his words, persuade her to sign the company over to him.

So I did what he asked. I made the call to get Brax out of Elle's life, using Shay to relay the message. He had no reason to doubt my reasons for pulling Brax out. I told him that Brimstone had made the order, and called Evans in to deal with Elle unless Brax left her alone. I explained that it would be the only way we truly could keep Elle safe. I even promised to send a backup crew to watch over her. It all seemed too easy, really. I should have known it was bound to fail. I didn't count on Shay staying behind.

Brax realized something was amiss the moment he landed in Atlanta, and the boss didn't know why he was here.

So here I am; unemployed, on the boss man's shit list, and waiting for the inevitable call from Harry Brimstone to tell me he's reneging on our deal.

I'll be stuck with a house close to foreclosure, a clueless wife just waiting for any excuse to walk out the door, and nothing left to fight for.

Dammit. There is only one option left for me.

I'll need to take care of this myself. Desperate times call for desperate measures.

6

After nearly two weeks in the hospital, I'm finally being discharged today. I can't wait to be at home and start sorting out my life with Brax.

He's been so attentive since he came back. He's lived at the hospital since coming back, not wanting to leave my side, and it's only solidified my love for him. I know we need to talk about why he left so suddenly, and what he meant when he said that it was the only way to keep me safe, but I've been holding off talking about it until we're back in our little sanctuary; our home.

I'm taken outside of the hospital in a wheelchair, and Brax leaves me with Beverly while he brings the car to the front door.

"I think I'm going to miss you two," she says sadly.

I giggle.. "Yeah, I'm sure you're going to miss having to hide Brax in my room so that he doesn't have to leave."

She giggles with me. "Well, maybe not that. But you two are so sweet, and I can see how much you love each other. It reminds me of my husband and I before we were married, it's great to see," she says with a smile.

"Thank you for everything, Beverly," I say, putting my hand on her forearm.

"You're very welcome, Elle. I hope I don't see you back here for anything like this again, though," she adds, leaning down and hugging me.

"Me too."

I hear the Mustang come around the corner. Brax hops out and circles around the car to the passenger door, opening it just as Beverly wheels me towards him.

"Thank you for everything, Beverly," Brax says. I can hear the sincerity in his voice, and it makes me smile.

"You're more than welcome. You just look after Elle for me."

"Don't need to tell me twice," he says with a smirk. "I can't wait to get her home and spoil her rotten. She'll be sick of me by the end of the week." He gives me his arm, and helps me into the passenger seat.

I look over at Beverly one last time and smile. "See you around."

Brax closes the door and gives Beverly a hug before hopping into the driver's seat and revving the car.

"Time to get you back home, sweetheart. I think we've seen enough of this hospital to last a lifetime." He pulls the car out of the parking lot.

The silence in the car worries me. The need to talk is like a giant elephant in the room. Brax seems on edge, like he's almost nervous to be alone with me. I'm going to need to show him that we are okay. I made sure to check with the doctor when he discharged me this morning about when we'll be able to resume the physical side of our relationship. Apart from taking it slowly, he said there is no reason why I can't get back to living normally, including my relationship.

We pull up outside my apartment building and suddenly the panic sets in. I feel a panic attack coming on, so I try to concentrate on my breathing in an effort to keep it at bay. Brax turns the car off and turns towards me, looking concerned.

"Are you okay darlin'?" he asks.

I take another deep breath and exhale slowly, wincing a little because of the tenderness in my chest.

"I will be. I think I just need to get this over with and get inside."

"The boys cleaned the place up. There's a new bed, and the walls have been fixed up. It looks as good as new, baby, and I'm going to be here with you. Every step of the way if you'll let me," he adds nervously.

I lean towards him, cupping his cheek with my hand.

"I'm so glad you came back," I say shakily before moving to kiss him. His arm snakes around my shoulders, carefully pulling me closer to him.

"I don't think I can ever leave you again. It's just not possible," he murmurs before gently tugging on my bottom lip and pushing his tongue into my mouth, kissing me softly like I might break. I softly moan into his mouth, and he tightens his grip around my shoulders, our tongues waging a passionate battle. As my breathing picks up, I start to feel light headed in a good way. No, scratch that, in a fantastic way.

All too soon, he tears his lips from mine. "Let's get you upstairs before I end up giving the neighbors a show they'll never forget," he says with a smirk, and I can't help but grin back at him.

"Can't have that happen, can we?"

"Minx," he whispers before giving me another quick kiss and getting out of the car. I have a feeling that the next few weeks of taking it easy will be all the more interesting now.

Damn it's hard to keep my hands off her. I remember how good it feels to be with her, to be inside her and bringing her to climax, then watching her come apart. But knowing how fragile she is right now puts a dampener on my amorous intentions. My job is to take care of her; show her that I'm here for the long haul.

I carry her suitcase and grab her arm, helping her get out of the car and through the front door of the apartment building. We take the stairs slowly, being careful not to wear her out too much, or cause her any stress. The specialist told Elle to stay calm as much as possible, and I plan on making sure that is exactly what happens.

Unlocking the apartment door, we walk in, and I hear Elle gasp at the sight of a huge bunch of Peruvian lilies that are sitting in a vase on the coffee table.

"Brax," she says with soft eyes as she wraps her arms around my waist and looks up at me.

I put her suitcase down, kissing her forehead before wrapping my arms around her.

"The florist told me they represent everlasting love. I'm going to try and make it up to you for leaving if you'll let me," I explain.

"Brax," she says warmly. "I already know you love me, but these are beautiful. Thank you." She lifts her head to kiss me.

"You're welcome, sweetheart. I'm gonna make this whole mess up to you, I promise."

She lets out a sigh as she pulls away and goes to sit down on the couch, looking up at me. "What do you mean, 'this mess'? None of this was your fault, Brax. You didn't shoot me."

"I wasn't here when you needed me, and you got hurt. I'll never forgive myself," I say, my voice cracking.

"Come here, babe." She pats her hand on the couch beside her. I move around the table and sit next to her, pulling her up into my lap.

"You are not to blame for this. I told you that, and I thought you'd listened to me, but I think I need to say it again. Yes, we need to talk about you leaving, but right now I just want you to hold me..." she places her warm hands on my jaw, "and kiss me."

She leans in, gently touching her lips to mine, her delicious tongue teasing my closed lips until they open of their own accord. I can't hold back the groan that escapes when she moves her hands down from my face and runs them down my chest. I feel myself harden underneath her as I move my hand behind her neck, holding her close to me as I devour her mouth. I'm pouring all of my soul into this one kiss; my desperation, my sadness, my overwhelming guilt.

She shifts her legs around so that she's straddling me, her pelvis pushing directly against my hard length. She whimpers as she starts rocking her body against mine. I can tell this situation is going to get out of control, and soon, so I pull my mouth away from her.

"Darlin', I don't want to hurt you," I pant, trying to catch my breath.

"You're only going to hurt me if you stop this," she murmurs against my lips. She is so close to me that I can feel the desire and heat that rolls off her.

Her eyes are full of hunger, a yearning to be with me. My resolve to restrain myself dissolves as I take her mouth again, groaning as we grind against each other. I cup her br**sts, rubbing my thumbs over the hard peaks, causing her to drop her head back and whimper against me.

"I think we should move this to the bedroom. If we're going to do this, we're going to have to go slow and gentle. It's been so long, and you're still recovering. And, more than anything else, I want to take my time with you." My voice has gone husky; I can't remember the last time I was this far gone.

"Okay," she says quietly, kissing me hard on the lips. She tries to get off my lap, but I tighten my grip, stopping her. I stand up, and walk through our apartment and into the bedroom with her legs wrapped around my waist.

As soon as we walk through the door, her whole body goes stiff.

"Elle?"

"I...I...shit!" she says, burying her face in my neck.

"Darlin', it's okay. I thought this might happen," I murmur into her hair as I sit on the bed and start rubbing her back, hushing her as her whole body starts shaking.

"Do you wanna go somewhere else?" I'm more than willing to leave the apartment and take her to the nearest hotel if it will help get rid of her anxiety.

"I don't know," I hear her say, her voice muffled against my chest.

"Tell me how I can help you, Elle. What do you need?" I ask. I'm desperate now. I want her to feel comfortable; this is her home for god's sake.

She lifts her head and looks at me. "I need you. Just you."

"I'm not going anywhere, baby," I reassure her as I move my mouth towards hers again. She parts her lips and tenderly kisses me back. This is going to be slow and gentle. I want her to know how much I love her, and I'm going to show it to her with my body.

I walk around to the side of the bed and lie her down in front of me, lying sideways across the mattress. I kneel down between her legs, grabbing her foot and pulling off her sneakers one by one. Kissing the instep of her foot, I graze her sole with my teeth, causing a shiver to travel up the entire length of her body. I lean forward to undo her jeans, carefully pulling them down, making sure to drag my fingers across her skin while I move them down her smooth legs. Once the jeans are off, I throw them to the floor and stand up, moving onto the bed and straddling her thighs while I lean over her. I can see her chest lifting and falling as she tries to control her breathing.

"You okay, sweetheart?"

"I will be." She raises her hands to my face and rubs her thumb across my bottom lip. "I need to do more," she says wantonly.

I nip her thumb with my teeth, and the gratifying moan she gives me amps up my growing desire. Pushing my body against hers, I make sure she can feel exactly what she is doing to me as I lean forward and kiss her again. Entwining my tongue with hers, I place my weight on my arm and move the back of my other hand down her neck to the swell of her breast.

"I need to touch you. I don't want there to be anything between us when I make love to you," I say as I sit back on my knees and slowly start to undo the buttons of her shirt, revealing her black lace bra and soft, velvety skin to me. My mouth moves down to suck her hard nipple through her bra, causing her back to arch and a loud moan to escape her mouth, the noise reverberating through me. I move to the other side, paying it the same respect with my mouth.

She sits up and leans on her elbows, giving me a look full of longing as I run my hands under the shoulders of her shirt. I drag it down her arms, one at a time, until she chucks her shirt in the same direction as her jeans.

I get a close up look of the scar on her right side; it is just below her last rib and runs half the length of that side. Still pink and slightly raised, but even my untrained eye can tell that it is healing well.

She watches me as I move my knees back to the floor between her legs, and pull her with me until her ass is resting on the edge of the bed in front of me.

"I need to do this." I lower my mouth to her right side and gently trace a row of kisses along her scar. Elle's body tenses at my first kiss, but then I feel her shiver as she realizes the significance of what I'm doing.

"Brax, I need you," she pants as my mouth moves down towards her navel and the lace edge of her panties.

"I need you too, baby. I've dreamed of tasting you again." I hook my fingers into the flimsy material around her hips and drag it away from her body, exposing her naked flesh in front of me.

I wrap my arms around her as I move my mouth slowly up her thighs, licking and kissing the skin as I go. Reaching the apex, I can't hold back any longer. I have to devour her. I've been living with the memory of her body and her taste for far too long, and I'm gonna make damn sure she remembers exactly how much I love her with every kiss and every touch I make.

Her thighs clench underneath my hands as I bring her to climax, making her cry out my name as she comes apart under my tongue.

I lie down on the bed beside her, stroking her soft skin with my hand as she pulls me in to kiss her.

Knowing she can taste herself on my lips is so erotic, and I know I won't last much longer if she keeps touching me.

She pulls away slightly, whispering to me against my lips, "I need you inside me, Brax," as she pulls my t-shirt up and over my head. I slip my shoes off with my feet as I undo my jeans and pull them down with my boxers in one go.

Returning to the bed, I lie on my back and lift Elle over me so she is now sitting directly above me. She rubs herself back and forwards a few times, causing me to groan. "Elle," I say through gritted teeth, "You're gonna make me lose control."

Realizing that I'm barely holding on, she lifts up and brings herself down on me, taking me deep inside her. She starts rocking against me, and I feel my climax build instantaneously as I match her rhythm. She tightens around me, and we both speed up, matching our thrusts measure for measure until she clenches me, and I fall over the edge, moaning her name as I come inside her.

She collapses on my chest and we lie there, catching our breath, relishing the moment. She lifts up and lies back down beside me, curling her body into mine, our legs tangled together.

"Just lie with me," she says quietly.

"Always." I move us around and pull the covers back, moving to put our heads on the pillows. I kiss her head as she snuggles into my side. "Sleep, baby," I murmur as she sighs in contentment.

This is what I've been wanting, craving for the past month. I know the time will come when I have to tell her why I left and how I came to be in her life. And I will tell her, I'll tell her the whole damn thing.

Never again will she doubt the depth of my love for her, not even for a second.

I wake up a few hours later feeling restless but still bone tired. I can feel Brax curled up behind me, making cute little snores in my ear. Who could have thought snoring could be cute, but this is Brax we're talking about. I roll onto my back, relishing the cocoon Brax has me in. Just having him near me makes me feel safe. Knowing he's back, and for good this time, fills the gaping hole he made when he left so suddenly three weeks ago.

I still need to know where he went and why. Was it something I did? Did I scare him off somehow?

That last phone call we had, I remember him telling me he had to leave to keep me safe and that it was the only way. How is that possible? How could leaving me alone and exposed make me safer? Thank god that creeper in the black Honda has disappeared. The last time I saw it was the Friday that I was shot.

I sit up suddenly, my back rigid.

Brax wakes up startled. "What is it, babe? Are you okay?"

"The guy in the black Honda. I saw him the day I got shot." I turn around and look down at him, my eyes wide open in shock.

"Are you sure, hon?" he asks, moving to sit up against the headboard.

I nod my head. "Absolutely! I didn't want to leave the apartment because I wanted to be here if you came back, but that day I had to go to the grocery store and swing by the campus to get some library books. I first saw him parked outside the grocery store, then again outside campus. He took off as soon as I spotted him both times."

"Do you think it was him that broke in?" he asks cautiously.

I pause to think about it. "I'm not sure. He's been hanging around and following me for a while now. I know I should've dealt with it sooner, but I had you and I thought he'd give up."

"Elle, he hasn't given up yet, and it's been nine months since we first saw him. I think we need to report this to the cops. They're still investigating the shooting, and this might help them with the case," I explain, placing my hand around her shoulder and pulling her into my side.

"I think you're right," she replies.

"I know, but I want to prove to you that I'm here to stay." I look down at her beautiful face, my heart aching at the pain I've caused.

She puts her hand over my heart, gently stroking her fingers along my skin, and my heart starts hammering in my chest. "I do believe you, Brax. I'm just scared. Leaving me was the last thing I thought you'd do," she says solemnly.

I lift her hand to my mouth and softly kiss her palm.

"I'll never forgive myself for leaving you, sweetheart. My heart shattered the moment I left this bed, but I always knew I'd come back to you when it was safe," I murmur.

She lifts her head and stares at me. "What does that mean, Brax?"

"There are some things I need to tell you, and I'm terrified that it's going to change things between us." I sweep a loose curl behind her ear. I have to touch her, knowing too well that this could be the last time I get the chance. But this conversation has been a long time coming, and it has to happen.

She notices the despondent look on my face, and seeks to reassure me. "Nothing you can tell me will change the way I feel about you. We only spent a week apart and look at what happened. I literally can't breathe without you, Brax." She grabs my hand, entwining our fingers and placing them together in her lap.

I absentmindedly start stroking my thumb over her knuckles and bite the inside of my cheek as I start to talk. "I don't know where to start, sweetheart..."

"You know you can tell me anything. Nothing will change the way I feel about you."

I exhale the breath I was holding. "When I turned up in your class ten months ago, it wasn't a coincidence," I start explaining. Looking up at her face, I see her eyes have widened and her hands have tensed up.

"What do you mean?" she asks cautiously. Her voice sounds flat as if she is caught between shock, anger, and confusion.

I grip her hand tightly, not giving her the chance to move it away. "I was hired to get close to you."

Without warning, she yanks her hand out of mine and wraps her arms around herself as a sob catches in her throat.

"What are you saying? Are you a journalist or something?" she says, her furrowed brow giving away her worry.

"No! I'm not a journalist, but I'm not a student either. I work security and close protection for an organization in Atlanta," I spit out quickly, knowing that I need to explain everything to her before she closes down and kicks me out of her life for good.

"You've been lying to me this whole time?" She lets out a deep, weighted sigh. I know this stress is not helping with her breathing.

"Darlin', I was bewitched well before I met you, and not once have I ever lied to you about my feelings. My heart started beating the moment you came into my life."

She looks up at me through tear-filled eyes. Her pain rips through me like a blunt knife.

"It feels like mine just stopped."

7

"I need you to go," I say in a low steady voice that I don't even recognize. I take another painful breath, trying to appear strong even though my heart feels like it has just been cut through with a knife.

"Now, Brax. I need to be alone for a while. I need you to get away from me!" There is no mistaking the anger and hurt behind my words.

"Sweetheart-"

"I don't think I can be around you right now. You've just thrown my whole world into chaos, even more that it already was. Everything I believed, everything I have relied upon in the past year, has just been thrown out the window. I need you to give me space to deal with this. If you have ever cared for me at all, if you've ever been true with me, you will go. Now!" I look at him through my tears, spitting out the last word like venom.

The look on his face devastates me. I know there is more to the story, and I know that there's a hell of a lot more explaining to do, but right now I can't stand the sight of him. He made me feel again, but now it feels as if he's the one who has shot through me. The pain is worse than before. It's as if I've lost him all over again, even though he's still standing in the bedroom across from me.

"I'm gonna go crash at Shay's. He'll be outside if you need him." He sounds defeated, almost broken.

Part of me is glad he feels that way. How dare he lie to me for all this time? I've let him in, opened my heart and my life to him. I've told him all my secrets, let him know about my past, bared my soul to him over and over again, and for what? Because he was being paid to protect me? Protect me from who exactly?

Obviously that worked out well, considering a stranger tried to kill me a month ago.

He stands in the doorway with his back to me, then turns his head around, his eyes glassed over.

"Don't write me off, sweetheart. Don't give up on us. Please, don't decide anything until you hear the full story. When you're ready to hear it, I'll be here."

"I need time, Brax. I need to get my head around this. You've just told me that everything I've believed in for the past ten months has been a lie," I reply, my voice finally cracking.

He lets out a slow sigh, lifting his head again to look at me with a heart piercing stare, almost enough to make me crack and beg him to stay.

"I never once lied about loving you, darlin'. Every single touch, every kiss, every time we made love, it was real. You were my everything the moment I walked into that room."

I gasp at the sincerity of his words. I fight every ounce of my being to call him back, to tell him I don't care about any of it as long as he truly loves me. But I stop myself. I need time to digest what he's just told me.

"Just give me time, Brax," I whisper as he walks out of our bedroom.

I rack my brain, wondering how on earth to deal with this. I have no one except Brax and Shay. They have been the closest thing I've had to family in the past four years, and now I don't know if I can even trust them.

Pulling myself back down the bed, I lie on my side, curling my body around itself and waiting for the dam to break. As I feel the stinging tears start to fall, I know I've cracked. It's been a long time since I've cried; a long time since I've let myself feel anything worth crying over.

And of all the people in the world, I never thought it would be Brax who would break me again.

My sobs consume me, eventually subsiding into a feeling of dread, a feeling of loss. Do I want to hear what he still says he needs to tell me? Better yet, can I handle what he needs to tell me?

I close my eyes, breathing deeply like my therapist instructed me. Sleep eventually comes over me in a crashing wave. I cling to the hope that all of my hurt and doubt will wash away. Though, I don't think it is going to be that easy.

I'm in the hospital room.

The room is silent except for the sound of my heart monitor and the constant drip of my IV.

It's dark. The green line of my heartbeat is the only thing breaking through the darkness. My eyes open, blurry at first, barely able to make out the outline of a shadow in the doorway.

My breathing quickens, and soon I'm gasping for air.

I bring my hands up to shield my eyes, but soon the shadow advances on me, stopping at the end of the bed. I'm wheezing now, barely able to take in enough air to keep breathing.

The shadow's arms lift up and point to me. I try screaming, but I can't make a sound. It's then I know that he's come back for me.

He wants to finish the job he started. He wants me to join my family.

"Elle," he says in a quiet, gravelly voice, still enough to cut through the silence.

"Elle," he repeats. "It's our time." He shrieks, a strange high pitched scream just as an explosion ricochets through me.

I sit straight up in the bed. Disorientated, it takes me a few minutes to realize that I'm okay. I'm not in the hospital anymore; I'm at home. Reaching around in the bed beside me, I try to find the comfort that I remember isn't with me tonight.

I'm drenched in sweat, clammy to the touch and breathing way too fast. It was another nightmare, a dream that felt so real I could have sworn the man was standing right in front of me. I grab my phone off the bedside table. I can't do this anymore; I need Brax more than I need the truth.

I stop myself before I connect the call. I can't have him right now. I can't call him and ask him to come soothe me after what he told me; after I sent him away.

Right now, I may not have the willpower to stay away from him, but I have the forethought to know that I can't just forgive and forget.

Elle: Shay, Can you come sleep on the couch? I can't be alone tonight.

Shay: Sure thing, babe. Open the door in five minutes.

Elle: Did you know?

Shay: Yeah, hon.

Elle: Figures.

Shay may not be the man I want, but right now he's the closest thing to security I have. Knowing I'm not alone in the apartment tonight might keep the demons at bay. God help me, it better.

Shay: Dude, Elle just texted me asking me to go sleep on her couch. Says she can't be alone.

Brax: Fuck! I should've kept my f**king mouth shut.

Shay: Bro, it was eating you up inside.

Brax: Doesn't help her now, does it?

Shay: I think you should go to her.

Brax: She told me to stay away.

Shay: That was before. She says she can't be alone right now.

Brax: I have to wait until she is ready. I don't want to f**k this up.

Shay: Okay, I'll go, but you need to come take over from me outside.

God, I hope I'm doing the right thing. Elle doesn't need me sleeping on her couch; she needs Brax, the man who loves her more than life itself. She needs the security that I know only Brax can give her. Maybe sooner, rather than later, she'll realize that she needs him now more than ever. Dammit, why did he have to be so damn honorable?

As soon as Brax arrives, I punch him in the stomach, not holding anything back. I'm pissed off at him for doing this, even though I was a major part of it.

"Ow! What was that for, bro?" he splutters, bending over as he tries to recover from the blow.

"Why the f**k did you decide to tell her now? Her first f**king night home from the hospital!" I ask, unable to hide my anger.

"I had to. I couldn't keep it in any more. She didn't let me tell her everything, so right now all she knows is that I lied to her and that I was hired to protect her. You need to get her to see me so that I can tell her the rest. She needs to know."

"Well right now, it's me that has to go upstairs and calm your girlfriend down because something has scared the shit out of her" I explain, grabbing my jacket from the back seat before handing the keys over to him.

"It'll be a nightmare," Brax says deadpan.

"She needs time. If there is one thing I do know, it is that she loves you to death. You two are intrinsically linked. It will sort itself out Brax, I promise."

"I hope you're right. Tell her I love her, please?" he says sadly.

I sigh. "Will do, man. Now get in the car and keep an eye out."

Brax stops in front of the car door. "Oh, yeah. Forgot to tell you. Before all of this happened, she remembered something."

"What?" I ask.

"She saw the blond guy in the black Honda the day she was shot. First at the grocery store, then again outside campus."

"Really? I remember seeing a black van driving slowly outside her building that night. I jotted the plate number down, but after the events of that night I never got around to tracing it." I'll kick myself if that was the shooter. "I told the police, though."

"Do you still have it? I'll run it through to Leo at HQ and check it out," he adds, sounding a little better. "If we can sort this out and catch him, she'll feel a hell of a lot safer than she does right now."

"Definitely," I say in agreement. "Okay, I'm off. Thankfully, you guys have a comfy couch," I say, walking across the road towards Elle's building.

I knock twice on the door before Elle's frail frame appears in the doorway.

"Sorry, Shay. I've calmed down now. You don't have to stay," she whispers, her voice laced with sadness. Damn Brax and his f**king honorable intentions. I hate seeing her like this.

"Babe, it's okay. I'll sleep on the couch, even if it's just to give me some peace of mind. Much better than sleeping in my car anyway."

She gasps. "What do you mean you've been sleeping in your car? You have an apartment."

"I've been parked outside your building, watching for the best part of ten months Elle. That is what Brax started to tell you about earlier tonight," I try to explain.

"You're in on it too," she says, sounding irritated now.

"It's nothing like that, Elle. First it was a job, then Brax met you and even I couldn't stop him falling head over heels. It hasn't been a job to us for a long time. We'll do anything to keep you safe," I declare, hoping she's listening this time.

"Where is he?" she asks cautiously.

"He's parked in my car outside the building. He took over from me after you called."

She slowly walks over to the living room window, and her body jolts the moment she sees him.

I look out the window and see Shay's red Toyota parked outside the next building down from mine. I lock eyes with Brax and lose myself in his gaze, even from this far away. I can't seem to tear myself away from the window.

This is the man I fell in love with. The man I desperately pined for after he left me. The man who has spent the last three weeks at my bedside, holding my hand, stroking my hair out of my face while I slept, helping me do the little things that are now a big effort for me. The man who I thought was the man of my dreams.

The man who I know is the love of my life.

Just hours ago we were making love. Connecting on another level, so divine I didn't want it to stop. He's the only one I want to touch me with that delectable mouth of his. I crave his touch with unexplained hunger that can never be satisfied. Those moments when we climax together are total and utter bliss, something I've never felt with anyone else before.

How can I go from being in a loved up bubble of pure joy one moment, to having my whole belief system shattered to pieces in the space of a few minutes? Why couldn't he just tell me the truth from the beginning? What is the threat to my safety that warrants a stranger paying for protection for me?

So many questions I need answered before I can even contemplate letting him back into my life.

"Who do you work for, Shay?" I ask without turning around.

He clears his throat. I can tell he's not feeling comfortable. "Victor Bertorelli."

"Why do I know that name?"

"He's a well-known businessman in Atlanta," he replies. I can tell he is being very careful with what he says.

"Businessman?"

"Ah, yeah. Amongst other things you don't want to know about."

"Oh my god. The Bertorelli family?"

I turn around and look straight at him as he drops his head and nods. "Why the hell would a criminal like him want to protect me?" I ask quietly, trying to fathom what man like that, with family connections like that, would want with me.

"Because you were being threatened," he says, sounding uncomfortable.

I turn back to lock eyes with Brax through the window, almost like I'm scared to look away from him. Even from this distance, I can see the pain written all over his face. This forced separation is hurting him as much as it is hurting me, but I can't trust myself to talk to him right now without saying something I'll later regret.

"Who am I being protected from? The guy who shot me?" I scoff. "That turned out well, didn't it?"

"I really think you should be asking Brax these questions, Elle. I may be his partner in this, but he is your boyfriend. You need to talk to him," he replies, his voice sounding flat.

I clear my throat, trying to mask the doubt in my voice. "And what does he know that you don't?"

"Nothing. We tell each other everything, just like Brax tells you everything."

I rock on my heels, my arms wrapping tight around my waist. "Not everything it seems."

"Look, I'll go get him, you guys can talk this out. He'll tell you everything you want to know. This secret has been tearing him up inside for months" he says. I can hear him get up from the couch and walk behind me.

"I can't" I reply shakily, barely holding the tears back.

I take a last look at Brax before turning around to face Shay.

"I don't think I can see him right now," I spit out before the dam breaks and I start sobbing uncontrollably.

Shay rushes to my side, pulling me into his chest as I grip his shirt and let the sadness take hold.

"Shh, Elle. It'll all be okay. He loves you more than life itself, you know. It tore him apart to leave you the last time, and I know he is hurting just as much as you are right now. As much as it kills him not to be the one to comfort you right now, he does want to explain everything when you are ready."

"I don't know if I'll ever be ready," I mumble, my face still buried in his chest.

"It doesn't matter how long it takes, hon. I know he'll wait. He told me a long time ago that his life had no meaning until the moment he saw that photo of you in the file. The minute he met you, I could see the change in him. I knew he was a goner. He has a purpose now, something he hasn't had for a long time."

I pull away and narrow my eyes at him. "And what's that? Keep me safe because he's being paid to?"

"No, Elle. To love and protect you. This isn't a job anymore."

I shake my head, "As much as I want to believe you, he lied to me. That's always been a deal breaker."

"We had to lie to you, Elle. It was too dangerous for you to know."

"So, who are you supposedly protecting me from then?"

"Elle, I-"

"SHAY!" I scream angrily. "WHO ARE YOU PROTECTING ME FROM?"

He takes a step back, shocked by my sudden outburst. He grabs the back of his neck with his hand, looking down at the ground like he's trying to decide what to say.

"Harry Brimstone," he says quietly, looking up at me with a frown.

I gasp and manage to turn around before collapsing on the love seat. I drop my head on my knees and wrap my arms around my head.

"Go! I don't want you here," I say defiantly from my curled up position. I don't need to ask twice because I hear Shay's footsteps walk away from me. When I hear the front door close behind him, I lose control of my emotions and burst into tears.

The tightness in my chest moves up my throat, and I'm too weak to fight the panic attack that starts taking hold of my body.

What the hell is going on? How has everything come crashing down around me, again?

I let myself crumble to the floor; let the panic take hold of me. I know it will pass, it always does. And I'll be alone, again. Alone and numb.

8

Elle and I have been staring at each other for a while now. She stares down at me from her front window, her arms wrapped around her chest like she's trying to protect herself. She's putting up those walls again, and I'm kicking myself that I caused it. I can see her mouth moving; she's obviously talking to Shay. She seems calm, but keeps shaking her head. I hope he's telling her whatever the hell she wants to know.

I absolutely hate myself for lying to her, for deceiving her during our whole relationship. The secret phone calls, the mock appointments, the excuses about needing to go to the library and meet with professors; every lie has been slowly tearing me up on the inside.

She had a nightmare tonight because of me, because of what I told her, and now she's hurting because of me and my web of deceit.

All of a sudden she disappears from sight and moments later I see Shay storming out of the building towards me.

"What's going on?" I ask as I meet him on the sidewalk.

"She wanted answers. I tried to give them to her, but she's hurting, man. She's well and truly broken now, and I hate that we've done this to her." He stares at the ground, shaking his head in disgust.

"I'm going up there," I say, rushing past him as I stride towards the building door.

"Brax?" Shay calls out to me. I look back at him. "Tell her everything, the whole truth. She needs to hear it if she's ever going to get over this. If you guys are going to get over this."

"I've been ripped apart. I'm an open f**king book now. She can ask me any damn thing she likes, and I'll tell her straight." I'm kicking myself for not staying and explaining myself. "I'm not going to lose her over this."

"Go do whatever you have to. Beg, plead, get down on your bloody knees, I don't f**king care. Just fix this. That girl is broken and is heading for a breakdown. Get up there!" He shouts the last word, spurring me into action.

I take the stairs two at a time, not able to move quick enough to get back to my girl. I'm nervous as all hell that she'll turn me away if she'll even come to the door. My heart is in my throat when I reach the front door. Our front door. I'm warring within myself on how to approach this. Do I go in all guns blazing and make her listen to me? Or do I just let her ask me questions when she is ready?

Before I have time to even consider what to do, I'm knocking on the door, waiting for Elle to answer. A minute goes by, and I'm still standing outside. It's only been ten minutes, so there is no way she can be asleep. Shay said she was a mess when he left, so I'm not going to stand here doing nothing when I know she's inside, needing me. Pulling my keys out of my pocket, I open the door.

Walking in, I can't see Elle in the living room, so I slowly make my way through the kitchen, stopping when I find the bedroom door closed. Elle hates sleeping with the door closed; it is something that she is really particular about.

"Elle?" I call out, hoping she'll answer me, yell at me, at least give me some indication she is okay.

"Darlin'?" I inch the bedroom door open to see our bed still unmade. The memory of making love to Elle only a few hours ago in that bed is still so fresh. Her crying out my name as we came together is something that never fails to blow my mind, and something I always remember.

I hear water running in the bathroom, and my resolve breaks the moment I hear her sobbing from the shower. Screw playing the waiting game!

Rushing into the bathroom, I see her hugging her legs, sitting on the shower floor, her wet hair clinging to her body as the water runs over her. I stride into the shower room fully clothed, and sit down beside her before lifting her up into my lap and wrapping my arms around her. She barely raises her head before flinging her arms around my neck and crying into my chest.

In this moment, I feel like I'm the one who has been shot. My heart is aching for her, wishing I could take away all of her pain.

We sit in the shower for what seems like hours. It feels like time stands still as Elle and I hide away from the big bad world around us. Reaching up, I turn the shower off just as it starts to turn cold. I use one arm to brace myself against the wall and stand up, carrying her out of the shower as she clings to me, not wanting to let go even for a second. Grabbing towels from the towel rail, I wrap one around her shoulders and another around my chest. I walk through the bedroom and into the kitchen, putting her down on the kitchen counter and positioning myself between her legs as I start to dry her.

Her whole body starts to shake, so I pull her close to me again. Her shoulders are slumped over, and she grabs my shirt, gripping so tight that her knuckles are almost white with strain. Once the shaking subsides, I shift back, placing my fingers under her chin so that her eyes meet mine. Her eyes are red and puffy, like she's been crying for days.

I've never seen her like this. So low, so broken, so shut down.

"Baby, let me look after you. We'll talk about everything tomorrow. I'll tell you everything you want to know, but tonight I want to get you out of these wet clothes, wrap you up in my arms, and look after you. Will you let me do that, hon? I need you to let me help you."

Unable to form words, Elle slowly nods, never once dropping her gaze. I strip her wet tank top off her, wrapping her towel around her chest as I pull her off the counter, carefully placing her feet on the kitchen floor. I yank her shorts down her still wet legs until she's standing naked and exposed in front of me.

There is nothing sexual about this moment.

I take her hand and lead her into our bedroom, walking over to her drawers and pulling out a new top and pajama pants for her. I kneel down in front of her, lifting her feet one at a time as I put her legs into the pants and pull them back up to her waist. Not once has she lifted her head. She appears mesmerized by my every move.

Leading her over to the bed, I sit down on the edge and pull her into my lap as I hold the tank top in front of her. She puts her arms inside the top, and I pull it the rest of the way down her body, then I grab the towel and start drying her hair. I'm taking my time, wanting her to feel cherished and adored, hoping she'll see the sincerity in my actions and not just my words. I wrap my arms around her and carry her into our bed.

"I'll just be a minute, sweetheart," I murmur, placing a tender kiss her forehead. I make my way into the bathroom, stripping off my wet clothes and wrapping a towel around my waist. Walking back into the bedroom, I grab a pair of boxers from the closet and put them on before crawling into bed beside her.

I move my arm around her shoulders and pull her tight into my side. She still hasn't said a single word since I arrived. I start tracing shapes on her arm as I hold my lips to her forehead. She lays her head on my shoulder, moving one of her legs across mine as her heat cloaks me.

This is where I'm meant to be.

Where I hope Elle wants me to stay.

I open my eyes and see beams of sunlight creeping through the gap in my blinds. I'm in my bed even though I can't remember how I ended up here. I do remember Shay leaving and Brax finding me on the shower floor.

He knew exactly what to do with me. He didn't push me to talk; he just sat on the floor with me, pulled me into his lap, and held me while I cried into his chest. It wasn't soft tears, either. It was big ugly sobs as everything I've held in for the past four years finally broke free. When Shay told me that I needed protection from Harry Brimstone, it was the straw that broke the camel's back.

I'd tried to be strong and asked the first questions that came to mind. Who did they work for? Who was the man they paid to protect me? Then, the big question that had been plaguing me since Brax's admission last night, who exactly are they supposed to be protecting me from?

Granted, Uncle Harry and I have had our issues, but I never thought for one moment that he'd want to hurt me. Rolling over onto my back, I look up and stare at the plain white ceiling. That's when it hit me; I remember Harry threatening me after New Years when I refused to sell the company to him. He was so angry, and in a split second he'd gone from being charming and chatty to snarling abuse at me, saying my father would roll over in his grave.

After drying me off and dressing me, I didn't really comprehend what Brax was doing until he crawled into the bed and pulled me into his side, holding me close to his chest until I'd finally found the elusive sleep I'd been seeking all night.

Where was he now, though? At the very least, I thought he'd still be here when I woke up. The only reason he left last night was because I told him to go. In the heat of the moment, my first instinct was to protect myself. I thought I needed space, but right now all I need is him. When he's with me, I feel safe and protected. I feel loved. I feel whole.

With nothing else to do but think, my mind drifts back to Harry. What am I going to do now that I know my father's best friend and business partner, hell, my godfather wants to hurt me. He's the CEO of my damn company; definitely not the best place for him to be.

Then it hits me. I sit bolt upright in bed, the shock of the realization hitting me like a wrecking ball.

It's those damn company rules. That is why I'm in danger. Suddenly it makes all the sense in the world. The moment I refused to sell, it left him with only one other option to acquire Brightlight. If something was to happen to me, Harry gets first option to buy my stake. Oh my god!

I pick up my phone, wracking my brain who to call. If I can't deal with Brax right now, there is only one other person in the world I can trust.

"Hello?"

"Aunt Sylvie, I think I need to see you," I sob, losing control and crying down the phone when I hear her voice.

"Elle? What's wrong, dear?"

"You were right about Harry. I think I need your help," I try to explain between sobs.

She gasps and I can hear sudden movement down the phone.

"You're okay right now, though?"

"I think so. I'm just numb. Everything I thought I knew has been turned on its head in the past twelve hours. Why does this always happen to me?" I whimper.

"It's okay, dear. I'm going to check on a few things here, then I'll be in touch and will come out to see you as soon as I can make the arrangements. But if you need anything, anything at all, you call me, okay?"

"Thank you," I stutter before hanging up the phone and lying back down. This is going to be a long couple of days; I can just feel it.

I left Elle's place before the sun came up. I wanted to respect her wishes and give her the space she wants. I don't have a clue where I stand with her, and it has my mind scattered all over the place. Once I was sure that she had calmed down and would be okay, I got out of the bed and left.

It was the coward's way out, I knew that, but seeing her so distraught last night, I couldn't bring myself to stay and wear her down again. I'm still determined to tell her everything, but only when she's ready to handle it. Finding out that her dead father, who she still idolizes, was involved in shady, back room poker deals with well-known criminals whom he had no business associating with, will tear her apart.

After making sure her alarm was set, and the building's front door was locked, I headed back to Shay's apartment. It's where Devon is staying and where I knew Shay would go after he'd knocked off from his surveillance for the night. I let myself in and find Devon sound asleep on the pull out couch in Shay's small living room. Shay is sitting at the breakfast bar in the kitchen, reading the newspaper with a fresh cup of coffee.

"Yo," he says without turning around.

"Hey," I reply despondently, walking straight for the coffee maker on the counter and pouring myself a cup.

"How did it go? Not well I take it?" he replies, effectively answering his own question.

I let out an exasperated sigh. I'm truly at a loss as to what to do now. "She was a mess, dude. I found her curled up on the shower floor, fully clothed."

"Shit, bro. I knew she wasn't handling it, but I didn't think she'd fall that far."

"Neither did I to be honest. She didn't say a word. Just let me hold her until the water went cold, then I crawled into bed and held her all night." I'm now seriously reconsidering my decision to leave her alone this morning instead of staying and facing the music.

"Did you say anything to her?" he asks, looking up at me with a frown.

"Apart from comforting her so she'd stop freaking out on me, no."

He clears his throat, like he's not sure whether to say what he's thinking. "You need to be there for her, Brax. When she's ready to talk, she will. She wasn't holding back any punches when she was asking me about it last night. She wouldn't look at me, though. She just kept staring out the window."

"That was when she locked eyes with me and neither of us could tear ourselves away" I say solemnly.

"So where to from here?" he asks, sounding concerned.

"You and Devon need to head to LA and dig for some dirt on Harry Brimstone. Put pressure on those working underneath him, and find anything the boss can use as leverage. Now that Elle knows what's going on...well, at least part of it, we need to move quickly before he decides to make another move," I explain.

"You think he was behind the shooting?" he asks, not bothering to hide the surprise in his voice.

"Well, who else would it be? Gibbons pulled me out for a reason, and with all leads pointing to him working with Brimstone, it seems like the only plausible explanation." I'm thinking out loud again.

He's silent for a moment while he contemplates what I just said. "Hmm, well I suppose so, although I don't think the shooter was a pro. Don't get me wrong, he's definitely done it before because he made sure not to leave a single trace at the scene, but something just didn't seem right about him. He had the sketchiest eyes I've ever seen. "

"I still think it is best that you guys go there. The boss is behind us 100%. He wants to bring Brimstone down now as much as we do. No one f**ks with the boss and gets away with it. He wants payback."

I hear Devon grunt behind me as he walks past the kitchen into the bathroom wearing nothing but a pair of boxer shorts and a disgruntled look on his face. "Loud f**kers," he grumbles as he shuts the door behind him.

Shay and I crack up laughing. Devon has never been a morning person. A few moments later, we hear the toilet flush and Devon walk out. He makes a bee line for the coffee machine, not uttering a single word until he's had a long first sip.

"Mornin'," he says with a grin.

Damn, it's good to be with the guys again. As much as I'd prefer to be wrapped up in all things Elle, I know I wouldn't be able to handle seeing her broken face and eyes full of hurt right now, so I'm happy to just chill with Shay and Devon before they head to LA.

They've got a long drive ahead of them, but it's the only way to get to LA without being traced. It's our only chance to bring Brimstone down, and we're not going to miss it.

I check my watch, realizing I've only got another hour before I need to take over from our backup who is watching Elle for me this morning. He's a friend of Shay's that we've recruited to help give us 24/7 cover until this whole thing is sorted. This way we can be sure that nothing is going to get by us. We're going to get the f**ker, once and for all.

9

I've barely been able to function this morning. My heart is heavy, my head hurts, and a familiar shroud of darkness surrounds me.

This time yesterday I was happy. I'd been released from the hospital, and I'd been looking forward to coming back home with Brax. Now, I have no idea where Brax and I stand, and I'm confused as to why he skipped out on me while I was sleeping.

Maybe it is for the best right now. They still have to protect me, it's their job, so it isn't like he's ever going to be far away, but damn it if I don't miss him. My heart is aching in my chest at the thought of him not being here again. I just need some time to get my head around this whole f**ked up situation. Deep down, I know that he genuinely cares for me. Hell, he proved that last night by standing by me after seeing me stripped bare, both emotionally and physically. There was no lust in his eyes; they were filled with hurt, regret even. He intuitively knew what I needed from him last night and gave it to me.

Dammit, I'm going to text him anyway. I know I said I needed time, but he barged in last night, so theoretically I can change my mind, right?

Elle: Why did you leave before I woke up?

Brax: I didn't want to crowd you. Just know that you're still with me, even though I'm not there with you.

I put my phone in my pocket. What do I say to that? I take my coffee and sit down on the couch with my pillow on my side, protecting my ribs, and start watching a movie about a male strip club.

About half-way through the movie, I scoot down onto the pillow and fall asleep. This concentrated breathing thing really wears me out I've come to realize.

I wake up, having dreamed of wandering alone through my family home. There was no blood and no murderer there this time. It was like I'd travelled back in time and was doing a walkthrough. Everything was still in the same place as it had been when I'd left for camp. The piano that my mother used to play while my sister and I sang along with her, the desk where my father would sit with me and help me with my homework. Nothing had changed, but it felt different, almost cold. I woke up feeling unsettled.

Then it hits me. What if I've pushed Brax away for good? Did seeing me so defeated last night really scare him? I start hyperventilating, the lump in my throat rising up as the panic stifles me. Dammit, this can't happen to me again. I cried enough tears last night to last a freaking lifetime and then some.

I try to slow my breathing, concentrating on a slow inhale before pausing and doing a slow exhale. It seems to be working. The lump subsides and I feel the tightness in my chest ease. Sitting up on the edge of the couch, and raking my hands through my hair, holding my head down against my knees as I realize I'm in too deep.

I need Brax in my life. I can't contemplate a future without him in it. He is the sunlight in my perpetual darkness. I'm determined to fight for him and to hell with the consequences. I'm stronger with Brax by my side than I'll ever be alone.

With nothing else to do other than rest, I start reading through some of my textbooks. I've been granted medical consideration, but now that I'm recovering, I need to catch up before finals begin in a month.

My mind starts to wander while I'm in the middle of a chapter about supply and demand. How the hell did Brax keep up with the school work when he wasn't a real student? It's hard enough when you're a bona fide student, let alone when you're working close protection too. That's the definition of taking your job seriously. Why didn't he just introduce himself to me and explain why he was suddenly thrust into my life?

I scoff at that thought because, if I'm honest with myself, I would not have let him in if he had come into my life any other way. I would have noticed him, of course, but I wouldn't have even given him the time of day. But that doesn't condone what he's done; he deceived me.

What I don't doubt is the depth of his feelings for me. I love him completely, and that is why his deception has hurt me so deeply. I need to get my head on straight before I can see him and talk this through.

About half an hour later, I receive a call from Luis, our doorman, telling me that there is a delivery at the front desk for me. Wary from recent events, I need to make sure it's not another unwanted gift.

"Do you know what it is, Luis?" I ask suspiciously.

"Yes, ma'am. Mr. James told me what it was when he dropped it off a few moments ago," he replies straight away.

"Oh." I'm definitely surprised at that. "Okay, Luis. I'll be down in a few minutes. Thanks for letting me know."

"No problem, ma'am," he adds before hanging up.

After all of the happenings in the past few months, we'd decided it was worthwhile to hire a doorman to watch the building during the day. At night, the doors are locked and require pin code entry. Thankfully, the tenants welcomed the added security.

Grabbing my keys, I lock my door behind me and make my way down the two flights of stairs to the front desk. As I reach the foyer, I see a single white Peruvian lily lying on the desk, wrapped in black paper with a small envelope stapled to the side.

I walk up and collect it from Luis, who has a huge grin on his face.

"This was from Brax?" I'm curious as to whether Brax delivered this himself.

"Yes, ma'am," he replies politely.

"Thanks, Luis," I say, almost skipping back up the stairs.

Brax is thinking about me. My dramatic breakdown last night hasn't scared him off completely. That must be a good sign, surely.

I open the card as soon as I get back in my apartment. The card has a purple butterfly on it. When I open it up, it reads, "To group projects with a beautiful woman". There is a folded piece of paper included in the card. I unfold it and laugh when I see his receipt from our coffee meeting the first day of class when I first met Brax.

With a huge smile on my face, I put the card down on the counter. I place my beautiful white lily in a single stem vase and sigh at it, willing my head to hurry up and sort out the mess that is swirling inside.

Devon and I leave just before lunch on our cross country drive to Los Angeles. We're aiming to make it in three or four days, taking turns to drive his truck, and staying overnight at whichever clean motels we can find. We both like country music, so thankfully there are no arguments over whose music we have to listen to. With a soundtrack of Blake Shelton, Toby Keith, Garth Brooks and Brad Paisley, we're all set.

Although he's been around for almost a month now, we haven't really talked about what Devon's life has been like for the past eight years. We used to hang around the same circles back in the day before I joined the army to straighten myself out. Unfortunately for Devon, he was in too deep with Evans by then, unable to see the wood for the trees.

"So, you totally on the up and up now?" I ask cautiously.

"Yep. Just have my good behavior bond for four more years, but other than that I'm straight as a ruler now," he replies with a grin.

I grimace before asking my next question. "Talked to your good ol' dad lately?"

He frowns, his jaw clenching tight, and his knuckles turning white as he tightens his grip on the steering wheel. "I haven't spoken a word to the guy since he stitched me up."

"He just left you alone? He's all about the family, bro. He even kidnapped me to try and get Brax and I to work for him. Sounds a bit suss." He may be many things, but Michael Evans is not one to let sleeping dogs lie. Or, in this case, an incarcerated son who took the fall for him.

"Not really. He screwed me over, and he's not dumb. He knows that I want nothing to do with him now. I'm just glad my mother didn't live to see it." He can't hide the sorrow that laces his voice.

We need a change of subject because this conversation is getting way too serious. "I heard about that. She was a great woman. It's just a shame she got stuck in your father's life and couldn't escape until it was too late."

He clears his throat and shrugs his shoulders, trying to brush it off even though I know it's a sore point. "I'm at peace with it now. She took the only way out. He would've never let her go. She stood by him through all his crap, his affair with Brax's mother, the scandals, and the investigations, but in the end she couldn't get over what he did to me."

"Still sucks," I say, looking out the window as the world passes by.

"And how about you?" he asks, quirking an eyebrow. "It's not like your life was easy after-"

I see where he's going now. "Gonna have to shut you down there, bro. I don't talk about it."

He sighs loudly. "If there is one thing I learned inside, Shay, it's that you have to face the demons to find even the smallest amount of peace in your life."

Who is this man, and what has it done with the ass**le that used to be Devon Michael Evans?

"Yeah. Well, don't think I'll ever find peace with that until I'm six feet under."

"I had an awesome counselor inside. He helped me deal with my mom's suicide, and with how my father betrayed both of us. The one thing he told me that has stuck with me is a quote from Buddha. 'Peace comes from within. Do not seek it without'."

"Motherfucker. Prison has turned Devon into a believer," I spit out in shock. Who would have thought that he could go inside and come out three years later a changed man without a chip on his shoulder.

"Ha ha. Smart ass. You're a funny f**k, you know that? No, I'm not a born again. I just realized that holding onto stuff from your past will tear you apart. It's the reason I took my mother's name instead of Evans when I got out."

I nod in agreement. "I noticed that."

"It's not a bad thing to put some distance from that man after what he did," he murmurs before leaning over and turning the radio up. "Love this song."

Subject obviously closed.

I can't bring myself to text Elle again, even though I want to. I know that before I can give her any answers, I need more answers myself.

After Shay and Devon left for LA, I stopped by Elle's building and dropped off a single white lily with our new doorman. I wish I had the courage to go upstairs and talk to her but right now, but I don't and I'm not ashamed to admit it. I saw what the truth did to her last night and it crushed me. It felt like my heart had been ripped out of my chest, trampled on, and then thrown against a brick wall. I did that to her. If I'd just trusted my gut feeling from the beginning and told her what was going on, we could've avoided this. Hindsight is a wonderful thing, isn't it?

All night I lay awake next to her, unable to sleep. I couldn't comprehend how she could still let me take care of her, even though she must think the worst of me right now. The flower I left her this morning is a step towards making all of this up to her. The note was a bit cryptic, but it will all make sense to her in the end. Well, I'm bloody well hoping it does. I've been thinking about it all morning; ways to show her how I feel instead of telling her. I need her to want me to come back. I'm not going to force myself back into her life. I did that when I first met her. This time I need to know that she wants me back, even knowing the ugly truth.

In my bid to get answers, I leave a message with Evans' office asking for him to call me back. Apart from what Shay and Devon may uncover in LA, he's the only hope I have of finding out more about Brimstone's plans, especially if they are working together.

A few hours later, I feel my phone vibrate in my pocket. Pulling it out, I see it's another unknown number. Three guesses who it is.

"Braxton," he says when I answer.

"Evans, it hasn't been long enough," I say spitefully.

"Now, son. Enough of that. What do you need?" he asks, his voice full of concern.

"You must know by now that Elle was shot a few weeks ago, a week after I was duped into leaving town," I explain.

"Are you serious?" Shit, he actually sounds genuinely shocked. "Gibbons doubled crossed us and pulled me off the job. You saying you had nothing to do with that, or the hit on Elle?" I ask incredulously.

"Not me, son. I may be many things, but I know what that girl means to you. I just can't tell you how I'm involved just yet," he says gruffly.

"Well, sorry if I don't quite believe you. What I do need to know is whether the hit came from Brimstone."

He pauses for a moment. The silence down the phone dragging on forever. "To be honest, Brax, I don't know. He's been throwing options around left right and center, but I didn't think he'd have the balls to follow through."

I growl down the phone at him. "And you didn't think to tell me about all of this?"

"And put me in the firing line? That would be a no," he replies, nonchalantly.

"Well, why are you involved with Brimstone? You know, the boss says he can't even work that connection out?"

He laughs. "Well, Victor's one to talk, isn't he. It's not something you want to know Brax, mainly because it involves your mother."

"Leah?" I ask in shock. Leah's the only mother I've really known, so it's pure instinct that she is the first person that comes to mind.

"No, Brax. The woman who gave birth to you."

"The woman who you abandoned after knocking her up, who then dumped me in the foster system? That woman?" I scoff. "I don't give a shit about her."

"Brax, you don't know the full story. Lately, I've been reconsidering my behavior towards her all those years ago. Family has always been important to me, son. That has never changed. "

"What's the deal, father dearest? You getting soft in your old age?"

He cracks up laughing. "You always were a smart ass, even as a baby. It's a long, sordid story, and to be honest, she has closer connections to you than you even know."

"What the f**k does that mean? I've tried finding her and came up empty handed."

"She changed her name when she got married."

"But you know where she is?"

"I've made it my job to keep tabs on her, Brax," he adds.

This is all starting to make sense now.

"You've known all along?" I ask, shocked at his admission.

"Of course. Loose ends and all that." I can hear a slight softening in his voice. Damn, don't tell me that Evans has a heart buried somewhere?

"Look, son. What do you need from me?"

"I need something on Brimstone to bring him down. Concrete, irrefutable proof. I need to get him out of Brightlight, and out of Elle's life, once and for all."

"You really love that girl, don't ya Braxton?" he says, reverting to my full name again. I can tell he's trying to sound gruff and formal again to make up for his earlier admission. "And what do I get in return from you?" he adds.

"My gratitude. And maybe if you ever sort your shit out and go straight, you might get a chance at redemption."

"Me and straight don't work well together, son. You know that," he sighs down the phone.

"Yeah. But I also know that despite the gruff exterior, at one time you did give a shit about my birth mother. Hell, you probably even used to give a shit about me and Devon. I don't think you would do wrong by me, not now."

The phone line goes deathly quiet. I pull it away from my ear to check that he hasn't hung up. After another thirty seconds he replies, saying the words I don't expect to hear.

"I'll be in touch."

I saw him leave, that big tough boyfriend of hers slinking out before dawn. He looked worn out, and it makes my stomach churn thinking of what he was doing with my girl all night.

That's who she is. My girl. My destiny. The one loose end left to tie up. And I will. I will succeed at this. I've waited a long time, but soon I'll have her right where I want her. She'll be on her knees in front of me, begging me to put her out of her misery. Just like those who've gone before her.

No one has ever stuck with me as long as she has. Not once has she left my mind.

I won't be able to escape this demon that has continued to haunt me for so long now until I free her from this world.

Once and for all.

10

It's been a week since he's been gone. Since that night where everything I thought I knew came tumbling down when Brax uttered the words, "There are some things I need to tell you."

Although I haven't seen him, Brax has delivered a white lily to the front desk every single day, and asked Luis to call me after he's gone. With each flower, there has been a note with a gift. After the first day with the cafe serviette, the next day there was a takeaway vanilla latte with my name written on the side from the same cafe. That one made me smile because he somehow remembered that I had ordered a vanilla latte on that first day too.

Delivery number three was our favorite Chinese takeout menu and a DVD copy of Pitch Perfect, the movie we watched when he came over to my apartment for the first time. That made me smile, what guy would remember something like that unless it meant something to him. I couldn't wipe the smile off my face all day after that.

Day four, it was a photo of our bed and our bathroom. I'd recognize those two things anywhere. I instantly blushed when I realized he was remembering when we made love for the first time. His dedication and memory astound me.

I've been spending so much time with doctor's visits and catching up with school that I haven't had much time to think about the things he still has to tell me. We need to talk, that's a given, but I don't know where we go from here.

What I have done today is make calls to Brightlight board members, asking them whether they would support me calling an extraordinary board meeting. If Harry Brimstone is dead set on buying the company, at any cost, I'm going to beat him to the punch and oust him as CEO. Fortunately, my financial adviser has told me that I'm in a position to buy him out. To be honest, I can't think of anything my father would have liked more than for me to be the sole owner of his company. I want it to stay in the family. My family.

By day five, I've caught on to what Brax is up to with his daily gifts, especially when the flower was accompanied by the photo booth photos from Shay's party. I blushed instantly remembering the exact moment the photos were taken.

It's time to see his beautiful face again.

A week is too long to live without him, and I want to hear what he has to say. I know he's been parked outside the building every night since I sent him away. No wonder Shay used to always 'work' weird hours; he was doing surveillance on me. Every night that he hasn't been here, I've made it a point to go to the window to look out for him. Every night we've locked eyes, my green globes boring into his baby blues, the eyes I love to lose myself in. He's not hiding what he is doing anymore, so I figure that it is time to let him back in.

Elle: Can you come over this afternoon? I'm ready to talk.

Brax: Name a time and I'll be there, sweetheart.

Elle: 2 pm?

Brax: See you then.

Knowing that he's coming over today, I want to make myself look good for him. The last time he saw me was at my worst, and part of me wonders if that is part of the reason why he has stayed away. Whatever the reason, I want to make damn sure I'm at my best when I see him again. I want him to know that whatever he tells me won't change the way I feel, now or ever. And that's how long I want him to stay in my life, forever.

The boys reached LA a few days ago and have been staying in the one of Victor's apartments. They've managed to track down a bodyguard that has recently been let go by Harry Brimstone. He told them he was fired because he asked too many questions about the things Harry was doing and planning. Shay has also been in contact with Victor who told him a couple of days ago that any trace of his involvement in Brightlight had been taken care of. He gave us the go ahead to do whatever is required to bring Brimstone to his knees. I wish I knew what Victor's beef with Brimstone was because then I'd know what not to do. The boss man is proving yet again that you do not want to get on his bad side. Ever.

My phone starts to ring and when I see Shay's name flash up, I'm glad he checked the time difference.

"Hey, man. How's it going?" I say, answering the call.

"Hey. All good here. That bodyguard I told you about had some good stuff for us. Felt more forthcoming when he saw the money we were flashing around. What do you make of that?"

"I'm not sure. Interesting that Brimstone would dare use anyone from Brightlight to go against Elle. You'd think that would attract too much attention."

"You think Elle has made some calls since I told her that Brimstone was a threat?" he ponders.

I think on that. I can't be sure because I haven't spoken to her for a whole week but knowing how determined she was to hold on to her father's legacy, anything is possible. "She might have. I'm going over to see her this afternoon, so I can ask her then if you want."

"She called?" he asks, not hiding the hope in his voice. I love that he really wants us to work through this.

"She sent me a text actually. Wants to talk. It can't be a bad thing right?" I ask cautiously.

"Not at all, bro. You talked to Victor today?"

"Not yet. Why's that?" I'm wondering why Victor didn't call me first.

"All evidence of his involvement in the company has gone. If anyone was to take a closer look, the only money trail they would find would lead to one person. Take a guess?" he adds with a chuckle.

"Our friend Harry Brimstone?"

"You got it. So, once we've found out everything we need, we're set to call it in." Shay sounds almost giddy with excitement.

"Finally we're gaining some ground. I spoke to Evans, and he said he'd get back to me, but I have a feeling any help from him is going to come at a cost far too high for me anyway." I murmur the last bit because I'm still not sure how far I'm willing to go for his help. If it puts Elle in any danger, he can forget it.

"Well, let me know what he comes back with. Would be good to have some more ammo up our sleeve. Out!" he says before ending the call.

I go to put the phone down and notice that a text has come through while I was on the phone.

Victor: Sylvia Brimstone is heading your way.

Brax: Why?

Victor: Not sure.

Brax: She's not with Harry anymore. Why are you telling me this?

Victor: Sylvia may be from LA, but she wasn't born there.

Brax: WHAT?!?

Victor: Hope you're ready, son.

This is too much, too soon. I was only talking about her earlier this week and now she's coming here.

Then it comes to me. Elle called her. She's the closest thing Elle has to a mother now, and she would have been the person she turned to when she found out about all of this. Fuck!

Brax: Elle must've called her. Shit!

Victor: Just keep yourself in check. You never know what she might be able to tell us.

I check my phone and see it's 1.30 p.m. Time to head over to the apartment. My heart has been beating out of my chest all morning. This is make or break time for us. I've already decided that I'm going to be an open book and lay it all out for her. I want her to see that this is not just a job for me, it's now personal. To be honest, it's always been personal. It's always been about one person. Elle.

At 1.50 p.m. I hear a knock at the door.

I've been pacing for the past ten minutes, my nerves all but frayed. I've had an empty feeling in the pit of my stomach all morning caused by the uncertainty of what might happen. This is it; this is when I'll find out everything, whether I want to know it or not. My only hope is that Brax still wants to try. I know I've kept my distance this week, but it's something I needed to do so I could sort through everything going on in my head. His little gifts and flowers throughout the week have succeeded in reminding me just how sweet he truly is.

I hold on to that thought as I open the door, my mouth dropping open when I see him. He's wearing a pair of dirty denim jeans with a fitted vintage black t-shirt and sneakers. Damn! Everything I've just been stressing about just disappears from my brain when I see him looking like that.

"I've missed you," I say, licking my lips unconsciously. He hands me a single lily and a postcard.

"A postcard?" I ask as he walks in, closing the door behind him.

I put the gifts on the coffee table, turning around to face him just as he scoops me into his arms and crushes his mouth to mine. The desperation in his kiss is heady, and I'm instantly consumed by him as he moves his hands around me to hold me tight against his body. The fingers of one hand tangle in my hair while the other pushes against my lower back, moulding our bodies to each other. I wrap my hands around his neck, gripping his hair in my hands as we continue to kiss. He glides his hands down my back and cups my ass, lifting me up as I grip his shoulders and wrap my legs around his waist. His mouth slips down onto my neck, and a soft moan escapes my mouth throat as he gently kisses the sensitive hollow at the base of my neck.

"I've missed you so damn much, baby," he murmurs against my skin.

"Hmm, me too," I whisper back before our lips mesh together once more. Stumbling backwards, he carries me towards the loveseat by the window, carefully spinning round and laying me down gently on my back. Holding his weight down on me, he continues to kiss me, exploring my mouth like he's committing it to memory, his hands inching up the side of my chest towards my now aching br**sts.

All of a sudden, he tears himself away from me, in a superhuman display of self-control. Standing beside me, bent over at the waist, I can see his chest heaving as he struggles to catch his breath.

"Sorry, hon. I've been wanting to do that for a week now," he says with a slight upwards curl of his lip.

"Me too," I smile back at him.

"It's been killing me not to be with you, touching you, being able to hold you and wake up beside you."

"I don't want you to miss that ever again, Brax." My eyes fill with tears as the past week away from him hits me hard.

He sinks to his knees, taking both of my hands in his. "You really mean that?" he says, his voice tight with unseen emotion.

"Definitely. This is forever for me," I reply.

He bends down and kisses the diamond Infinity pendant that hangs around my neck, melting my heart in the process and giving me his unspoken word.

Not to be outdone, I lift his right hand to mine and kiss his platinum ring, reaffirming my commitment.

Now it's just the two of us. Brax and I, forever together.

11

"Brax, we still need to talk about everything." I see his demeanor change as his body stiffens with anxiety, his face suddenly awash with concern.

I pat the seat beside me by the window and smile up at him. "Babe, sit down and relax. We are okay. You and I are fine. I just need to know about everything else."

He takes a seat beside me, turning his body towards me, one leg bent underneath the other. He reaches out for my hand which I give to him willingly.

"Where do you want to start?"

"How about at the beginning," I reply with a smile, trying to put him at ease. I can tell he's nervous from the way he keeps wringing his hands together.

I've had all week to think about the what if's and who's. Now I need to know the facts so that I can decide what I'm going to do about Uncle Harry. I checked the time earlier, and I know we've still got a few hours before Sylvia arrives. I squeeze his hand, encouraging him to talk.

He breathes out a huge breath. "Well, you know that Shay and I work for Victor Bertorelli in Atlanta."

I nod in confirmation.

"Gibbons, his second in charge, showed me a file with your information in it about a month before you and I first met. All we knew was that you were the majority shareholder in Brightlight Industries, and Brimstone was buying up small share portions to increase his stake. Did you know that he's been planning a takeover for a few years now?"

"Yeah. A couple of the board members were concerned, so they called me," I reply with a shrug.

That earns me a smirk. "Well, it's good to know that we're not the only ones looking out for you."

I can't resist the urge to lean forward and quickly kiss his lips softly, earning me an even bigger smirk. I can see his eyes brighten, and watch as he slowly licks his lips, like he's savoring the taste of me. God, that is enticing as hell.

Focus, Elle!

"You're distracting me, missy. Behave," he admonishes me in jest. "So, Gibbons showed me your file, and I saw a photo of you. Straight away I knew I had to meet you, get close to you at the very least. I wanted to find out why your eyes had lost their spark."

Hearing my sudden intake of breath, he looks up at me and gives me a shy, almost bashful smile. "It's all true, baby. You can ask Shay. As soon as I saw you, I knew I wanted you. It was above and beyond being just a job from the very beginning. I hope you believe that," he says sincerely.

My heart melts. How could I ever have doubted his feelings for me? All week he has been showing me with his gifts just how much our relationship has meant to him, to us. I shake my head at myself as he continues.

"Anyway, Victor found out that Harry had approached you about buying you out of the company, and knew that whatever answer you gave him would be the catalyst for his takeover plans. We knew all about the 'approval or incapacitated' clause. That is why this job was initiated."

I nod my head, but I'm still full of questions.

"Okay, that all makes sense so far. But why is Victor so interested in me? Do I know him from somewhere? Maybe from my childhood or through my parents?"

Brax clears his throat; my question has obviously made him feel uneasy.

"Victor Bertorelli is into a lot of things, as is his family. We're talking back room poker tables, loans, organized crime...the whole shebang. Your father lost a lot of money one weekend at a high-stakes poker table in Vegas. Victor just happened to be there, and made your father an offer he couldn't refuse. Victor loaned him enough to cover the debt, and also boost cash-flow in Brightlight which was struggling because of the dot com bust. It also gave Victor a way to clean his cash through the company. Until today, the money trail was still traceable in Brightlight's financial records. Brimstone is, unfortunately, aware of the deal but had never threatened to go public with any of it until just before your father's death."

I gasp. This is a lot more complicated than I thought it was. My father played poker? Badly, apparently.

"So, Brightlight had mob money running through it until today?" My voice is shaky, giving away how overwhelming all of this information is.

"Not mob money, hon, but not strictly legal, either," he replies, rubbing his hand over mine to calm me down.

"And it is cleared now?" I squeak.

I catch a slight curl in his lip as he answers me, "Yes, it's all gone and can't be traced."

I can't help it; I breathe out a huge sigh of relief. As the majority stakeholder and CEO in waiting, that would be all on me. "So, I'm still a bit confused. Victor sent you here as a pre-emptive measure?"

"Well, yes and no. Word got back to Vic that Brimstone had been putting out calls, looking for some professional help in speeding up the takeover in case you decline his offer."

"Well, shit!" I say, unable to hold it in. I feel the tears start to well up.

"Hey, it's okay," Brax says soothingly, reaching behind me and pulling me in closer towards him. "We are constantly monitoring all of this. The only thing we didn't count on was me falling head of heels for the target," he says with a wink.

I look over at him. "Ha, ha. Well, I had nothing to do with that now, did I?"

He growls at me, "Nothing at all?" he says as he starts tickling me.

"Stop! Stop!" I shout, trying to catch my breath back while giggling like a mad woman.

"Okay. Now do you want me to go on, or..." he asks as he slowly runs the back of his hand down my cheek, "Can I do this?" He leans in and softly brushes his lips against mine, slowly teasing his tongue through my parted lips. I moan into his mouth as the kiss deepens. I grab his hair in my hands, tugging firmly as he devours me.

"More," I murmur as he sweeps his arms under my knees and carries me out of the living room. He leans in, taking my mouth again as we walk. My body hums with desire.

We get as far as the kitchen counter before Brax loses his determination. He sits me on the kitchen counter, cupping my face in his hands as he kisses me deep and hard. I move closer to him, sitting right on the edge of the counter as Brax moves between my legs, pushing his hard self against me.

I shudder when I feel his hard length against me. It seems like a lifetime ago when we were last together like this. Gripping the bottom of his t-shirt, I rip it up over his body. He moves his hands off me just long enough to toss it on the ground before he's leaning back into me again, pushing me back until I'm lying on the counter, legs dangling over the side.

He yanks my tank top up, then pulls my bra down, his warm mouth closing around my exposed nipple. I arch my back as my body absorbs the sensations buzzing through me. He pays the same attention to my other breast before his mouth starts trailing down my body until he reaches the top of my jeans where he licks a path from hip bone to hip bone along the waistband.

"These need to come off," he says against my skin. His fingers reach for the button on my jeans, and the feel of him brushing them against my bare skin sends heat spearing through me as he slowly slides down my zipper. Looking up at me from beneath his lashes, he draws my jeans and panties down my legs and throws them onto the floor.

"Brax," I pant as he slides me further back on the kitchen counter. I prop myself up and see him put a knee up on the counter, hoisting himself up until his body is hovering over the top of me.

I grab his head and pull him down to my mouth once again. He pushes his weight against me, and I'm so worked up that I almost climax on the spot from that feeling alone.

Ever so slowly, he starts kissing his way down my body, laving at my core until I'm putty in his hands and crying out my climax as I come apart against his mouth. He moves back over me quickly, pushing himself into me while my insides still quiver from my release. I moan as he fills me to the hilt. It feels so good to be taken like this. It's raw and hungry, like we can't get enough of each other. The way it's been since the beginning.

Our bodies grind together as we rush towards the finish, Brax leaning his forehead against mine and pushing into me one last time. "I love you," he groans before kissing me deeply, swallowing my cries as I fall over the edge with him once again.

So far, LA is turning out to be a bust. Apart from the disgruntled bodyguard we talked to, we've been unable to gain any ground on Brimstone. Brimstone's head of security is MIA, and it's looking more and more likely that we're not going to be able to find anything useful here.

Devon and I have ventured out a couple of nights this week; I wanted to show him the LA night life. Let's just say that the man has a knack with the ladies. He's far worse than Brax and I ever were. Even back in our wild Atlanta days when we didn't have a care in the world, and very rarely had an empty bed.

The first night in town, he ended up taking two girls to a motel just off the strip, and came back to the apartment a few hours later stinking of perfume, bourbon and sex. I had to pat the man on the back for a job well done. He just smirked at me and shrugged his shoulders like it was just another night at the office, or the motel room in this case.

Since then, we've only been to a local bar around the corner from where we're staying, and that was to meet the bodyguard. We've talked him into calling us if he hears anything about Brimstone or Brightside from his former colleagues. It cost us a grand for the privilege, but it will be worth it if he comes through for us.

We're kicking back in the apartment when the boss calls. "Hey, Victor. What's the haps?" I say, answering my cell.

The boss' baritone voice fills my ears. "Shay, how's it going out there?"

"Bit of a bust, boss. Thinking about heading back East."

I hear him murmur in agreement. "Good idea. I think it's time to get out of there too. I just need you to do one thing for me before you leave."

Nothing unusual so far. "Sure thing. What is it"

"I need you to do a little favor for me. Call it helping me settle a grudge once and for all," he says with a chuckle.

"I'm all ears."

Our make out session turned into a steamy sex session, followed by another steamy shower in which I had to wash every inch of Elle's smoking hot body, first with the sponge, then with my tongue. By the time we come up for air and get dressed, it's well after 6pm.

I follow Elle to the kitchen as she checks her phone. Her smile suddenly gets wider as she reads a text message she must have missed.

"Yay!" she says, bouncing on the spot.

I laugh at her cute excitement. "What's made you so happy? Apart from my stellar bedroom performance, of course," I say, clearing my throat.

She looks over me, mouth agape. "Wow, someone think's highly of themselves, don't they?" she says, moving toward me and wrapping her arms around my neck.

I drag my hands around her waist and cup her ass, pulling her in close to me again. "I didn't hear you complain. Once? Was it twice? Nope, it was three times," I reply, curling my lips into a shit-eating grin.

She playfully hits the back of my head. "Listen to you brag! Show-off!"

I start laughing at her which just makes her swat me again. "Hey, c'mon. You know I'm joking. Okay, so what made you go yay?" I ask.

"Aunt Sylvia is on her way over. She'll be here any minute."

Shit! Fuck! Damn it all to hell!

My whole body freezes and as much as I'm willing it to move, it won't budge.

"Brax? What's wrong, babe?" Elle asks, feeling me go rigid.

I let out a deep breath. "There's something you need to know about me and my birth parents," I say, looking down at her.

"More surprises? Go me!" she says sarcastically.

"Sorry, it's just never really come up. Apart from you meeting Evans at the restaurant that night, I didn't think it would need to come up," I try explaining to her.

She looks confused now. "I understand that, but you've already told me that Evans is your birth father."

"Yup, so I probably should tell you about the woman that gave birth to me..." I start to explain just as I hear a knock at the door.

"Hold that thought, babe," she says, giving me a quick kiss on the lips before walking around me towards the door.

"Elle, wait. I need to..." I try to spit out, but she bounds to the door and pulls it wide open.

"Aunt Sylvie!" she says with a squeal, going out of sight while obviously giving our guest a hug. "Come in. You've got perfect timing, actually. You get to meet Brax," she says as Sylvia Brimstone walks through the doorway to our apartment. She stops suddenly when she sees me, her big smile fading the moment Elle says my name.

We stare at each other. This reunion has been twenty-five years in the making, but I can tell from my reaction that it's still something she wasn't prepared for. Hell, can you ever be prepared for something like this?

Elle looks between the two of us, noticing the strange tension in the room. I mean, what do you say to the woman who brought you into this world, then in a moment of desperation gave up her only child because she had no other choice.

"What's going on, Brax?" Elle asks me with a frown. "Have you two met before?" she says to the both of us. The silence between us continues.

Finally, after another minute, Sylvia looks to Elle, snapping out of her trance.

"Elle, you didn't tell me your boyfriend would be joining us, darling. If you had, I would've known that this would happen."

Elle looks totally confused now. "What do you mean, Sylvie? How on earth would you know Brax?" she asks, looking between us again.

I haven't moved. I'm still leaning against the doorway to the living room, staring. I clear my throat, then turn my head to look at Elle.

"Sweetheart, what I was about to tell you is that Sylvia Brimstone is my birth mother."

12

I swear to god I wouldn't have believed him had he not been standing in front of me, in the same room as Sylvia when I heard him say those words.

"Sylvia Brimstone is my birth mother."

"I'm gonna need a minute," I say, taking a seat on the couch as Brax rushes to my side. Sylvia walks over to the window seat and sits down, unable to rip her eyes off her only son.

"Hon, talk to me. Let me explain," he urges, trying to get me to look at him, but I can't. I know we still have a lot to tell each other, and still have a lot of things to work out, but surely he must have known when he met Uncle Harry all those months ago that Sylvia was his wife.

And therefore...

My head snaps up instantly. "How long have you known, Brax?"

I know he isn't lying to me because he doesn't hesitate and he doesn't look away from me. Whatever he's about to say is going to be the honest to god truth.

"I've known my birth mother's name since I was fifteen years old and I asked Evans about her. At that time, he only knew her first name, maiden name, and her date of birth, but he did tell me that she had married some wealthy businessman in California ten years earlier." He looks over at Sylvia, looking for some sort of confirmation. I look up and see her nod slightly.

In that moment, my heart breaks for Brax all over again. He looks lost, haunted even. I can't imagine what it is like to come face to face with the woman who abandoned you as a two year old.

He clears his throat before continuing. "When Roger was dying, he gave me a photo of her and the last contact details they had. I tried looking her up, but everything kept coming up blank."

I grab his hand and start rubbing my thumb over his knuckles like he has done to me so many times. He looks towards Sylvia again, and I see a shadow of a smile on her lips.

"I changed my name when I got married. I'd just left you in Atlanta, and I had to get out of Georgia and away from the poison that surrounded your father and that whole sordid situation. So, when I met Harry in L.A., and I told him about my past, and about you, Brax, he sealed all of the records so that it could never come back to bite us," she says forlornly. "It wasn't until recently that I was told by Harry that you were in Elle's life. I already knew that Harry wanted to take over the company at any cost. It is one of the reasons why I left him. I couldn't fathom anything happening to Elle. But knowing that my only son, the one thing I could never give him, was involved, seemed to spur him on."

I sit there for a few minutes, just staring at her. This woman, my Aunt Sylvie, the woman who stepped in and was there for me when the rest of my family were ripped away from me, has been separated from her only son for twenty-five years, and I'm the reason why she left her husband. "I'm confused," Brax says from beside me, interrupting my thoughts. "If Harry knows who I am, and who I am to you, why is he working with Evans?" I look back toward Brax, and he's frowning; I can tell he's trying to connect the dots in his head.

I may not have a family, but I can't imagine finding out that your birth mother was married to the man who wants to hurt the love of your life, and is working with your corrupt birth father in order to do so.

"Harry never knew who your father was, and to be honest I avoid Harry at all costs these days. He is toxic, and someone who trapped me into a marriage that I didn't want to be in any more," she replies emphatically. I can see her eyes glistening with tears, but also with wonder as she looks at her twenty-seven year old son sitting across the room from her. "Brax, I never forgot you. Not once."

I hear him grunt beside me; he's closing down. I can tell by the slumped shoulders and the way he's staring at the ground that he needs time to process this.

Before I can suggest to Sylvia that we try this another time, she beats me to the punch.

"Elle, dear, I think I should go. Brax needs time to deal with this." She stands up and moves towards the front door but stops. She looks down at her son. "Brax, please know that I've thought about you every day. I always wondered what you looked like, where you were living, whether you had met someone and started a family of your own. I only ever wanted the best in life for you, but the only way to escape your father was to leave you both behind."

For the first time since my family's funeral, I see a crack in Aunt Sylvie's exterior. She quickly recovers before giving me a kiss on the cheek and promising to catch up in the next few days.

Brax has not moved from the couch. He is just sitting there, staring at the ground, and I can tell that there is a gamut of emotions coursing through him as he tries to comprehend what just happened.

Kneeling in front of him, I cup his chin in my hands and pull his face up to meet mine. "Babe? Are you okay?"

He just stares at me, his eyes wide with shock. "What just happened?" he whispers.

"You just met your birth mother, babe. The woman who gave birth to you," I say with a soft smile.

"How could she have been married to Brimstone? He's a monster! It's like she went from one poor excuse for a man straight into the arms of another," he says, not quite believing it.

I decide to take action. This whole situation is too emotionally charged to deal with right now. I can tell that he needs me now more than ever. After everything he has done for me, I need to be able to give him that.

I can sense the dark cloud forming around me. It's something I haven't felt since Roger died. I can't shake it, and as hard as Elle tries she's not going to be able to make me feel better. Not this time.

After Sylvia left, I sat back on the couch and let out the biggest breath I didn't realize I'd been holding in. Elle and I had been through an emotional wringer in the past week. Hell, the past few months. We hadn't needed an impromptu reunion with my birth mother added into that equation.

Unable to deal with the situation, or the thoughts that are running through my head, I move to the kitchen and start searching through the cupboards.

"What are you doing, Brax? We need to talk about this," I hear Elle ask as she follows me to the kitchen.

"Darlin', I love you more than life itself. But right now, I need a big drink of something very alcoholic that will make me very drunk. How 'bout it?" I ask. I'm putting on a strong front, but given what has just transpired in our living room, my eyes are pleading with Elle to give me this moment.

She acquiesces with a small grin. She knows what I'm doing; she's been where I am right now. She pops herself up onto the kitchen counter, leaving her legs dangling over the side as she watches me with amusement. "Cupboard above the refrigerator, right hand side."

"Such a holdout," I say, leaning over to give her a quick kiss before poking my tongue out at her. I reach up and find the mother load; a full bottle of Jack Daniels. "This will do. Feel like joining me?" I ask, quirking my eyebrow and smirking at her.

"I like where this is going. Yes, I'll join you," she adds a wink before grabbing a couple of glasses from the cupboard behind her and placing them beside her. "But if we're doing shots, we're doing body shots."

Now that has my attention!

My eyes shoot up to meet hers, and she winks at me. She's trying to distract me for once, and she's right on the money.

"Hmm, body shots it is."

I move towards her, placing myself square between her legs. She widens them to accommodate me and gasps when I run my hands slowly up her exposed thighs, stopping just as I reach the place she wants me most. I lean forward, moving my hands around her hips and up her chest until I graze the side of her br**sts. I continue my journey, moving my face close to hers as I softly lick her lips, begging for her to open. She obliges, and my tongue jumps at the chance to taste her, exploring her mouth, trying to distract from the thoughts running through my head. She whimpers into my mouth as I pull my lips away and slowly trail my nose along her jaw towards her ear.

"I'm thinking body shots with you could be a lot of fun."

I smile against her mouth and hear a groan run right through her body when I pull away. Grabbing the glasses and the bottle of whisky, I pull on Elle's hand as she jumps off the counter and follows me to the living room.

After all of the drama of today, whisky shots and drunken sex with Elle sound like a perfect ending.

13

My phone rings from the kitchen and wakes me up. Pulling my pillow over my head, I try to ignore it, hoping like hell they'll stop and leave a message. I'm just starting to drift off, when it starts ringing again.

Dammit!

I roll over and see Brax lying flat on his back, softly snoring, sheet pulled down to his hips and have to stifle a giggle when I see that he's obviously having a very good dream, going by the tent that's been made in the sheet.

I carefully get out of bed, inwardly cursing myself for the body shots suggestion. My head is throbbing, my eyes feel like they're made of sandpaper, and my body is punishing me. My throat is so parched; it feels like I've just run a marathon without water.

After cleaning myself up in the bathroom, I turn the coffeemaker on and grab my phone, still wondering who the hell would call me at this stupid hour. I see four missed calls, and one of them is from Lawrence my lawyer. This can't be good.

Just as I'm dialing Lawrence's number, it starts ringing again.

"Hello?" I answer.

"Elise Halliwell?" an echoing female voice asks.

"Yes. Sorry, and you are?" I ask, perplexed. I'm not in the mood for games this morning. I just wanna find out what Lawrence wants and go back to bed.

"It's Tabitha Thomas from News Weekly. I'm interested in getting a statement from you regarding the arrest of Brightlight's CEO Harold Brimstone last night. Do you wish to make a comment?"

Suddenly, I feel light headed and out of breath. "Pardon? Can you repeat what you just said, please?"

"Harold Brimstone was arrested in LA last night under suspicion of embezzlement from your company."

I drop the phone, staring at it as it lies face up on the kitchen counter. I can hear the reporter saying my name, but it sounds very far away. Uncle Harry, embezzling, from me. What the hell? I shake my head, trying to gather some composure. I pick up my phone again.

"Tabitha was it?"

"Yes, Tabitha Thomas. News Weekly."

"Okay. Tabitha, at this stage I have to say no comment. A representative from Brightlight Industries will make a public statement later today. That is all I have to say right now. Thank you." I push end and hang up.

Putting my hands down on the kitchen counter to brace myself, I take a few deep breaths; inhale and exhale. There is one good thing about that phone call; at least I now have some idea what Lawrence was calling me about. I want to wake Brax up to tell him, but after the day we had yesterday, I think it's better just to let him sleep. I'll tell him about all of this when I know more, and I've spoken to my lawyer.

Making an extra strong coffee with the mandatory three spoons of sugar, I grab my phone and walk into the living room, sitting down in my window seat that I love so much. I sit sideways parallel to the window, pulling my legs up and digging them under the cushions. This is my favorite place in the whole apartment, and I'm sitting here because I don't know what Lawrence is going to tell me.

I punch in the number, and he answers after one ring.

"Lawrence, it's Elle Halliwell."

"Elle! Have you seen the news? Have you had any reporters contact you yet?" He's talking a million miles an hour. He's a good man, but he's always been rather excitable.

"Yes. I've just had a delightful phone call from News Weekly wanting a statement from me regarding Harry's apparent arrest. Is it true?" I ask, my voice sounding higher than it should be. Must be from the shock.

"Indeed. It seems Harry Brimstone was arrested late last night, and is sitting in an LA county jail right now awaiting a bail hearing."

I shake my head. "Wow! I couldn't believe it when the reporter told me. What happened?"

"The details aren't clear right now, but it appears there is evidence that he has been misappropriating Brightlight funds for some time, and a witness recently came forward who was willing to testify," he continues to explain.

"An employee?" I ask. It's a huge step for someone to be brave enough to go up against the CEO, especially someone like Uncle Harry.

"So it seems. Their identity is being kept secret for their protection, but it appears that an anonymous tip came in a few days ago and the feds acted on it straight away due to its high profile and the amount of money involved."

I take a deep breath, not really wanting to hear his answer. "How much, Lawrence? Are we in trouble here?"

"No, dear. Not at all. We're talking around ten million dollars, small change in terms of Brightlight's finances, which is probably why it went undetected for so long." I can tell he has a smile on his face, knowing that the company's okay.

Lawrence was my father's lawyer, so he's known me for many years now. He also knows how important Brightlight is to me, now more than ever.

"Thanks, Lawrence. I kind of needed to hear that, for peace of mind more than anything else. So, what do I need to do?" I'm curious as to what this means for me. I'm in no way ready to step up and take the helm of the company.

"Well, the Board of Directors have called an extraordinary meeting for tonight. They know you cannot attend, but they may need to conference call you. I expect that they'll want you as the incoming CEO."

I knew this was coming. It's what I was destined to do after all, but somehow this new development hasn't filled me with joy.

"I don't want that, Lawrence. I'm not ready," I implore. This was supposed to happen in two or three years' time, not now. Especially not now.

"Sorry, Elle, but there is no one else to step in. We might be able to start the recruitment process for another acting CEO, but not right now. We need you to steer Brightlight through this crisis." I take a deep breath and allow Lawrence's words to sink in. There is no one else.

"No, Lawrence. I'm the majority stakeholder, and what I want is for the Chief Financial Officer to be put in as acting CEO for the foreseeable future. He has been there since the beginning with my father, and he's the only other person I trust there other than you," I say, sighing quietly.

Just when I get my world straightened out and going well, something happens to tilt it on its axis once again.

"As you wish," he acquiesces.

"And tell the board that they can contact me by phone this evening if any of them have a problem with that. We will need to prepare a statement about Uncle Harry..."

"Elle, it's all being taken care of. I'll talk to you tomorrow, alright?"

"Yes, Lawrence. Thank you. I don't know what I'd do without you to be honest."

"Let's hope you'll never have to know, Elle. Take care," he adds before hanging up.

I place my forehead on my now bent knees. Glancing out my front window I notice a couple of news vans parked up opposite my building.

Fan-fucking-tastic.

My pounding head reminds me that I need water, food, Advil, and Brax. I can't help but smile. Brax let loose last night. Coming face to face with Sylvia really rocked him. He didn't have any time to prepare himself, or me for that matter, and I could tell from the look in his eyes that he needed an escape. Fortunately, his escape this time was found in the bottom of a Jack Daniel's bottle, and a night of body shots and drunken couch sex with me.

Thinking about Brax lying in bed wearing nothing but a sheet has me launching myself off the love seat. First, I check the apartment door is locked, then I open up the security console by the door to make sure the building's door locks remain on for the day. I don't want any reporters getting an idea to come into the building, trying to accost me or my tenants. When I reach the kitchen, I pour two glasses of cold water and grab the Advil out of the cupboard before heading to find Brax.

I wake up feeling like I've swallowed sandpaper. I shouldn't have gotten so drunk last night. It was not the way to handle things, and definitely not the way to react to my f**ked up family dynamic. I never wanted Elle to see me like that; I honestly felt like I was back to being the lost little boy Sylvia had left on the foster home doorstep all those years ago. As soon as I saw her ice blue eyes, I knew that she was definitely my Sylvia, the one woman whom I'd never been able to find.

I shake my head, feeling my anger returning. I don't want to think about that now. I want to know where my beautiful Elle has disappeared to.

Just as I start to sit up against the headboard, she walks into the room, bearing two glasses of water and some pain killers. God, I love this woman. She looks concerned, though. Her brows are furrowed, and her lips are pursed.

"Darlin', get your butt over here and tell me what's wrong."

"We'll talk about it later. How are you feeling?" she asks, over-enthusiastically.

"Come here, baby, and tell me what's up. I know something's up because you're bouncing," I say with a grin.

I watch the swing of her hips as she rounds the bed and places the glasses on the bedside cabinet. Then she crawls over me, placing herself on top of my legs, elbows on my chest, her gorgeous face propped up in her hands just staring at me.

"Uncle Harry was arrested last night," she says deadpan. I swear you could've heard a pin drop with the silence that followed.

"Say that again?" I ask, not quite believing what I just heard.

"I got woken up by my cell phone ringing. It was some reporter wanting a comment about Uncle Harry being arrested for embezzlement."

Fuck! How did I not know about this?

"Shit, hon. Are you okay?" I ask, wrapping my arms around her shoulders.

"I'm in shock, but I'm okay. He can't hurt me if he's in jail, can he?" she replies with a shrug. "I've told Lawrence that I want the CFO to step in as acting CEO in my absence because it's the last thing I want to do right now. I don't wanna walk into a shit storm."

I look for any sign of panic from her, and I'm surprised when I see none. "Is that what you want?"

"We need someone at the top now, and I'm not ready for that."

"Sounds like Lawrence is good to have around," I add.

Resting her head on my chest, she adds, "He's a god send, that's for sure."

"That's good," I say as I run my hands through her sleep mussed hair.

"How are you doing? With seeing Sylvia again?" She lifts her head slightly to look at me. I know I can't get out of this talk.

"Well, you saw how I dealt with it last night. I can't believe she was standing in front of me again. I was in the same room as my birth mother. It was surreal and felt rather strange."

"Do you want to see her again?" she asks, her eyes widening in expectation.

"I think so. But I want today to just be about us. Can we do that?"

She places her hands on either side of my jaw, pushing the full length of her body against mine. "I think we can do that."

Wrapping my hands around her head, I slowly drag my fingers through her hair, encouraging her to come closer. "Did you know..." I say, gently trailing my tongue along her bottom lip, "that you're the perfect cure for any self-inflicted hangover?" I ask with a smile as I trace the rest of the way around her mouth.

Her cute grin has turned hungry. Her eyes have dilated, and her breathing has picked up. I love the effect I have on her, and that it hasn't changed despite the crap she's been through. "I hope so. How's the head?" she asks breathlessly, bringing her hand up and running it down the side of my cheek. I turn my head into it, planting a soft kiss in the middle of her palm.

"It's pounding like a freight train right now, but I'm sure we can think of ways to cure it," I murmur against her skin, giving a cheeky thrust of my hips at the same time, and earning a small whimper from Elle.

She giggles at the sound she just made, like she is almost embarrassed about it. Her laugh still warms my whole body as much, if not more, than when we first met. God, I sound like a sap, but when you love someone as much as I love this beautiful girl lying on top of me, you'll do sap in your sleep, or when your hung over, as is the case right now.

I lean forward again, softly teasing her lips as I gently tug on her bottom lip with my teeth. She lifts herself up while wrapping her arms around my neck, inching her tongue into my mouth, stroking it like she wants to taste me, every last inch of me. I run my hands down her side, skimming the curve of her hips and gripping her ass as I pull her tight against me. She groans in my mouth as I grind myself against her, the pressure building between us.

"Again?" she murmurs against my neck as she starts tracing the vein in my neck down to my collarbone.

"God that feels good, baby. I need to be inside you as much as I need that Advil right now," I say as I lift her up and roll her over, earning a squeal of delight. "Hi," I whisper against her lips as I move my tongue into her welcoming mouth.

I'll never get sick of the taste of Elle; she's like cold ice tea on a hot summer's day. There is something about touching her, tasting her, being with her, that erases every bad memory. This is what I need right now, what we both need. I can't believe I missed out on this for a week while I gave her the space she wanted, the space she needed, but I'm definitely going to make up for that lost time.

I slide myself up so that I'm straddling Elle's hips, being careful to keep my weight off her chest. She may be healed, but her breathing is still something we have to be mindful of.

She sits up with me, allowing me to quickly pull off her tank top, revealing her gorgeous br**sts. I shuffle back, leaning down to trail kisses from her neck down to her rapidly rising and falling chest, and soon I am devouring her br**sts with my mouth, licking and sucking until her moans start to slowly drive me insane.

I need more.

I shuffle further down, hooking my fingers in her pajama pants and pulling them down slowly, locking eyes with Elle and burning alive from the inside when I see the need for me in her eyes.

"Brax," she says softly, her voice a melodic invitation.

Now that she's completely naked in front of me, I don't waste any time putting my mouth on her, using my tongue to satisfy my craving for Elle. With her hands in my hair, her grip getting tighter the closer she gets to the edge, I grind myself into the bed to give myself some friction to combat my overwhelming need to take her hard and fast. Realizing that I can't take much more, I thrust my fingers deep inside of her, using my tongue to vibrate against her center until she starts crying out my name as she climaxes.

"Brax," she breathes out. "Inside me. Now. I need you."

Never one to leave my girl wanting, I move up as she spreads her legs apart further, cradling my hard length up against her core as I kiss the shit out of her. I know she can taste herself on my lips, and she groans in pleasure as I plunder her mouth, her hands wrapping around my neck, bringing me as close as I can to her. I pull my hips back, pushing inside of her until I'm sheathed to the hilt.

"Ah, baby, you feel like home," I growl out as I pull back and thrust deep again. Damn, she feels good. Anytime of the day is the right time to be inside of Elle. I can feel my climax building already, and I know I'm not going to last much longer. Sensing that I'm close, Elle reaches down to where our bodies are joined, wrapping her fingers around me and stroking herself with her thumb. I feel her tighten around me, and that's me done for. Elle pulls her hands around my head and pulls me down for a deep kiss while we both come apart together.

This is bliss.

Early yesterday morning, Devon and I met with our contact from Brightlight. At the end of our last phone call, Victor asked me to take care of something for him. That something was to meet with our contact and arrange to look for evidence that Harry Brimstone had been embezzling from Brightlight.

I don't want to know how Victor knew about it, and I know that even if I'd asked, he wouldn't have told me. But this was obviously the ace he had up his sleeve, his trump card. And, wouldn't you know it, our insider rang me two hours later to say that she had found ten million dollars worth of phony contractor payments being paid to a foreign company with accounts in the Cayman Islands. All it took was one call to the Feds, and four hours later at 5 p.m. LA time, Harry Brimstone was arrested and taken into custody on suspicion of embezzlement. I haven't had a chance to talk to Brax about it, but Devon and I definitely had a few drinks last night to celebrate. That is one threat against Elle taken care of.

I'm not sure what this will mean for Elle and Brightlight, but I'm glad that it happened because it means that D and I can head back to the East Coast and get back to Elle and Brax. You never know, maybe now that Brimstone has been taken out of the equation the threat to Elle will have disappeared. That would mean that Brax and Elle could start their lives together, with no secrets, and no more lies.

But somehow I think that is wishful thinking on my part.

I don't know why, but I have a bad feeling that Brimstone, despite his threats to take Brightlight one way or another, is not the main suspect in Elle's shooting. And if so, we're back to square one.

14

All is well in my world. Well, as good as can be expected considering Brimstone is in jail, I've just come face to face with my birth mother for the first time in twenty-five years, and we still don't know who shot Elle, who ordered the hit, or what the hell is the deal with the guy in the black Honda.

He is the unknown variable in all of this. All of the dots are starting to connect except him. Who the hell is he? And where the hell has he been for the past six weeks since the shooting?

I no longer have to lie to Elle. She's taken me back and forgiven me for leaving and lying to her, and we've vowed to face whatever is thrown at us together. I will spend the rest of my life making it up to her. Whatever it takes, I will do it.

Once I recover from my hangover, I decide to surprise Elle. I crouch down next to the couch where she has curled up to watch Storage Wars. God knows what she sees in this program, but she's got Shay hooked on it too.

"Since there are a lot of camera crews outside, I'm gonna pop out to get some food. and then when I get back, I want to surprise you with something." That gets her attention. Her head snaps up as she looks at me, her eyes dancing with excitement.

"Surprise me? You know I love surprises, Brax. What is it? Please tell me," she pleads, pulling out her pouting puppy dog look and trying to make me cave.

"Not gonna work, sweetheart, but you do look damn cute," I say, gently tapping her nose with my finger as I get back up on my feet. "Any requests?"

"You? Naked?" she asks with the sexy ass smirk she's perfected since knowing me.

"Now that I can arrange later, but until then a deli lunch will have to suffice. Lock the door after me and stay where you are. Call me if you need me and I'll come straight back, okay?"

"Okay. Stay here. Don't move. Call if I need you. Check!" she says in a robotic voice, then erupting in a fit of giggles. I open the front door shaking my head, quietly laughing as I close the door behind me, ready to face the throng of reporters outside.

After getting out the door pretty much unhindered, I race down to the campus cafe where I order a picnic hamper to pick up. I grab a bottle of wine from the liquor store and head back to our building to set up Elle's surprise.

I find Elle on the phone when I get back.

"Mmm hmm," she murmurs, looking up and smiling when I walk in. "I see."

Dammit! I hate one sided conversations.

"I see....... Cool........Yup, I'll tell him.........Miss you too, smartass. Drive safe," she adds before ending the call and looking over at me with a sly grin. "Where did you get to? And where's my dinner?"

"Just had a few errands to run, and dinner is part of your surprise," I answer, walking over to her and lightly kissing her forehead while I circle my arms around her waist.

"Well, that was Shay. They're finished in LA, so they are heading back. Should be here in a few days."

"Good news," I murmur, nuzzling my nose into her soft hair, my senses being filled with her apple scented shampoo. "Did he say what happened?"

"Not really. You think they had something to do with Uncle Harry being arrested?"

Shit, why didn't I think of that?

"I'd say they had everything to do with it. Victor has been waiting for an opportunity like this to bring Harry Brimstone down." It all makes sense now. I need to talk to Shay.

"And before you think of ringing him, Shay said that he'd give you a full debrief when they get back, but to keep alert because it's not all squared away yet," she says with a frown, retelling the conversation to me.

"All good, sweetheart. Now, are you still hungry?" I smirk at her, knowing full well what I'm starting.

She raises herself up on her toes, gently brushing my lips and scraping her teeth against my bottom lip as she moves away from me. I growl as she releases my lip.

I watch as her sexy smile grows slowly across her face. She knows what she does to me. Her lips curl up seductively and all rational thought quickly leaves my head.

"I'm hungry."

"How did we go from hot ass kisses that have me thinking of other edible delicacies you can offer me, to food?" I say with a smirk as a blush creeps over her face.

"Brax!" she admonishes me with a giggle.

"Actually, we'll start with food. You can be my dessert," I grab her around the waist, hooking my other arm around the back of her knees as I lift her up and carry her in my arms through our front door which she skillfully closes behind us. I make my way to the rooftop door, locking it behind us with Elle's master key I swiped earlier. I don't want any interruptions. There I no way I'm going to let anyone, or anything, ruin it for us.

Not tonight. Not ever.

When we reach the top of the stairs leading to the rooftop, I look up at Brax, and the longing in his eyes does me in. There is nothing I would not do for this man.

"Are you ready for your surprise, darlin'?" he says quietly, placing a soft kiss on my temple.

"Always," I reply.

He swings the roof door open and carries me through the threshold, turning me around so that I can see what he has done. My mouth drops open and my heart rate increases.

I'm totally speechless.

He may have spent the past week proving to me how much our relationship meant to him, but what I see spread out in front of me overshadows all of that ten-fold.

The three platform benches have been moved away, their cushions set up to make a soft padded blanket the size of a king size bed on the floor. It was the view that sold the building to me. Simply breathtaking. On a clear spring night like tonight, it is indescribable.

Brax walks over and places me on the cushions. He leans over and stares into my eyes before slowly lowering his body to mine and placing his lips on me. I open to him straight away, and as he strokes my tongue with his, my body instantly warms. I return his kiss with zeal, eagerly matching every movement, every nip of my bottom lip, every exploration of my mouth he makes.

He breaks away just as our kiss turns from hungry to ravenous, and gives me a tell-tale smirk, showing me he knows exactly what he's done to me. "You are a tease, Mr. James."

"And you, Miss Halliwell, are a minx," he replies, leaning down to give me a quick hard kiss before pushing himself back to his knees. "Now we eat."

I pull myself up, unable to suppress my grin as I look at him. "Yes. Food. Good idea." I'm trying to catch my breath and ignore the overwhelming urge to tackle him, making him submit to my womanly charms. "Then we'll get back to our discussion that you so cruelly ended prematurely."

"Nothing I do with you will ever end prematurely," he retorts.

"Good to hear. I believe it can become a problem the older a man gets," I say with a wink.

"Cheeky thing tonight, aren't ya? Now enough of that disturbing talk. You'll emasculate me if you keep that up. I got us a hamper from the campus cafe. Let's eat."

After a thoroughly impressive meal, Brax packs away the food back into the hamper before lying back on the cushions and pulling me into his side. "Was that good Ms. CEO?"

Gently punching him in his side, I giggle, "It was delicious, Brax. You want to be my new assistant? I promise you that the perks are great."

"Is that right? Well, I might need a job if Brimstone's arrest means you're no longer a target," he says solemnly.

I turn around, lifting myself over his body until I'm straddling his stomach, placing my hands on either side of his head. "Now, listen here. We're not talking about that tonight. Right now I feel as a safe as I ever could be, but we're not going to talk about anything else except you." I lean down to kiss him. "And." I kiss him again. "Me." I lean down again, but this time towards his ear. "And there are some things we left unfinished earlier," I whisper.

She's all over the news today.

Seeing her flawless face all over the TV makes me feel happy.

It's been a few months since I've seen her face, but after that slimy bastard, Harry Brimstone, was arrested last night she's been thrust back into the spotlight again, and I'm not complaining one bit.

I've been watching her for four years. Keeping tabs on her and anyone related to her.

Harry Brimstone is an ass**le. After the murders, he was telling anyone who'd listen, "We will not stop until the Halliwell's murderer is caught." Then a couple of months later, he had the balls to leave Elise home alone in his giant mansion of his to go on a three week jaunt overseas. I tracked his tickets; he went to Southern France. I wanted to go to her then, but it was too soon. I needed to wait.

Soon I'll have my turn with Elle.

I can tell my opportunity is getting closer and closer. I thought my time had come when her boyfriend left in the middle of the night with his partner, the one who is always sitting outside the building in the red car, but it wasn't meant to be.

I've kept my distance, been biding my time. I even stole my neighbor's car last week just so I wouldn't be noticed.

I f**ked up when I followed them to Richmond. That boyfriend of hers spotted me, so I had to take off, but I can't stay away from her. She's become my life, my obsession, so I left the note on his cocky ass car to scare him off.

But it didn't work.

Since then, she has hardly been alone. Even when she was in hospital, I managed to get into the ICU, parading as an orderly. I got close to her, managed to look into her room while she was out cold, but all I could do was watch her. She was f**king gorgeous when she was sleeping, but I never got my chance again. She was never alone after that because the boyfriend came back.

Today I've been sitting at a park bench down the street; far enough away to get by unnoticed but close enough to see the comings and goings. There have been media everywhere, waiting to see her, but she hasn't shown. Come to think of it, she hasn't left the building in the last two days that I've been watching her. The boyfriend left for about an hour or so but came back and hasn't been seen or heard from since.

I'm not sure how or when I'll get my time with Elise Halliwell, but it's been a long time coming. I have all the time in the world if it means being with her, finishing with her.

Ending it all with her.

15

After another two days on the road, Devon and I are more than happy to be home, well back on the East Coast at least. Devon and I are tight, but spending almost thirty hours in a car with a person can make you get sick of the sight of them.

On the outskirts of town, I grab my phone and send Brax a text.

Shay: Almost back in town. Gonna go home and crash. I'll pop around in the morning. Everything good?

Brax: Long time no see, brother. Yeah, we're good. Met Sylvia. That was not fun. You know anything about Harry Brimstone being arrested?

Shay: Wait, Sylvia? Brimstone?

Brax: Yeah. Turns out she's my birth mom.

Shay: You're f**king kidding me? Holy shit. Boss settled his grudge, finally. Will explain all tomorrow.

Brax: Wondered when that would happen. All good. Text when you're heading over.

Shay: Roger that.

"You wanna stop for a beer before we get home?" Devon asks, breaking me out of my thoughts.

"Sounds like the best idea you've had all day, brother," I say as he turns into a great little bar just a few blocks from my apartment. "Nice and close to home too," I add with a wink, making Devon crack up laughing. He knows exactly what I'm thinking.

We're on the prowl, and we won't be going home until we've found a bed buddy for the night.

Perfect welcome home present.

After a memorable picnic on the rooftop, Elle and I pack up and move back downstairs to our apartment, both exhausted from a lack of sleep, lingering hangover, and the energetic activities after our picnic.

Having gotten ready for bed, we're lying together under the covers, enjoying the blissful silence before sleep takes us.

"Brax, we need to talk about Aunt Sylvie." I can tell she's hesitant.

I sigh. She's uncomfortable, and that's not what I want. "I know. What do you wanna know?"

"Well, you said that you knew. How long have you known?"

"I connected the dots two days ago. I looked into her a few times in my past, especially after Roger died. He wanted me to reconnect with her, give her a chance to explain herself. But even with all my contacts, I could only find out that she was born and raised in Atlanta, was working for my father when she got pregnant with me, and that she had moved across country when she gave me up."

"So, how did you know that it was Sylvie?" I can tell she's confused now.

I start stroking her head which is lying on my chest. "Victor texted me yesterday, asking why Sylvia Brimstone was in town. I guessed that you must've called her. When I asked why it was important, he said that she wasn't born in LA. It all kinda clicked."

She lifts her head to look at me. "I'm sorry. If I had known...."

I move my hands to cup her face, "Elle, you had no way of knowing. And I was gonna tell you, but then she was at the door, and it was too late. But, to be honest, I was shell shocked just being in the same room as her."

"You know I'm here for you, Brax. Always, and hopefully forever. You are my family. I have no one else but you and Shay, and now Devon and Aunt Sylvie. That's it for me. You're it for me."

I grab her hand and give it a small squeeze. "Darlin', I hope by now that you've realized that you're it for me too. You're my end game," I say with a smile.

"So will you see Aunt Sylvie tomorrow? She can only stay for a couple more days. I spoke to her when you were out this morning."

"I'll try, Elle. I really will." I drag my hands down to her ass, pulling her tight against me again. "Sleep, sweetheart," I whisper. "I love you, Miss CEO." I kiss her head.

"I love you, Mr. Secret Spy Agent," she giggles. "Tomorrow, things will be better. I promise."

The shrill of a phone ringing breaks through the silence on the apartment. I look over to my phone. 9 a.m. and Elle is not in bed with me. I quickly get my bearings, pull on some boxers, then after going to the bathroom, go in search of my beautiful girl.

I find her sitting on the couch, laptop open, scanning what looks like the news media sites. I lean down and give her a soft kiss on the lips. "Mornin'. What ya doing?"

"Just checking on the developments. I've already talked to Lawrence and the chairman of the board this morning. The feds are confident we will be able to recover the money Uncle Harry stole." She grins up at me.

"Busy morning then?" I say with a smirk.

She smirks back, quirking an eyebrow in a silent challenge. "Busy morning," she answers.

"Are you challenging me?" I lean over her, gently grabbing her hands, lifting them above her head and leaning her back onto the arm of the couch. "Because you know I'll always win, baby," I whisper in her ear.

I trail the tip of my tongue up her delicate neck and over her jaw until I reach my desired destination. I delve inside her mouth, making sure she knows exactly how I'll win. I ease up the moment I hear her whimper, conceding beautifully.

I pull back and grin down at her. "Good morning."

She giggles. "You already said that."

"I know, but that was before I got to taste you again." I wink before getting back to my feet and disappearing into the kitchen to grab my morning kryptonite from the coffee maker.

I hear the intercom buzz from downstairs. "I'll get it, babe." I take a gulp of coffee before walking over to the intercom, "Hey," I say into the white, wall-mounted box on the wall of the living room. "

"Hey, sexy. I'm here for my 9.30am appointment," I hear an all too familiar voice say.

"Fuck, you're a dick," I say in between laughs. "Bet the reporters loved hearing that too. Get your ass up here, bro." I push the door release lock, and open the front door as Shay and Devon make their way up the stairs two at a time until I seem them reach the landing outside our apartment.

"Hey, man," I say to Shay, giving a one armed man hug. "You too, old man," I greet Devon as I lead them into the apartment. Elle is in the bedroom, probably getting dressed into something more decent.

"Coffee?" I look between them and see their affirmative nods. "Coming right up. Make yourself at home, why don't you," I add dryly.

"Don't we always?" Devon says while Shay cracks up at his candor.

"Glad to see LA didn't change you."

After pouring two more coffees and carrying them into the living room, Elle walks back in just as I'm about to take a seat. "Everything okay?" I ask, raising my eyebrows and looking concerned.

"Yeah, we're all sorted. The new CEO is dealing with all the media and releasing a statement about Uncle Harry and Brightlight. And I've talked to the Dean. I can start back at school on Monday. And now my other favorite man is sitting in front of me," she says, leaning over Shay's shoulder, giving him a peck on the check and a backwards hug.

"That's great, hon. Wanna come sit down?" I pat my hand on my lap.

"Best seat in the world," she says, plopping down in my lap with a thud.

"Ugh," I say through gritted teeth. The responding giggle from Elle makes my crushed junk a little more bearable.

Wrapping his arms around her, I lean around to look at Shay. "So what happened?" he asks.

"We met with an old security guard who worked at Brightlight," he says, looking anxiously at Elle. She just smiles at him, letting him know it's okay to continue. "He was able to tell us that there had been some backhanders going on for a few years. Jobs on the side, mainly protecting Harry while he went to 'meetings', but that was it. Wasted a grand on him, too. Then, when the boss called and told us that his money was out of Brightlight..."

He pauses, looking at Elle again.

"It's okay, Shay. Brax told me everything."

"Victor asked me to do a favor for him. He wanted to settle one last grudge and bring Brimstone down." I hear Elle gasp in shock, her body going unusually tense in my lap.

"How did you do it?" she asks Shay.

"He simply told me where to get our contact to look. She found at least ten million missing but brace yourself, Elle, because I'm sure the FBI's forensic accountants will find more," he states somberly.

She tenses but relaxes as I start rubbing my hand in slow circles on her back.

"His accounts will be frozen now. They should be able to at least recover some of it," I murmur against her back.

"I hope so," she sighs.

"So what about you two? Anything been happening here?" Devon asks.

"Apart from the throng of media outside, that's been about it for us. It has been quiet on all fronts," I say, giving both Shay and Devon a knowing look because weirdly enough, there hasn't been anything suspicious since they've been gone.

"Good, good. It might be the calm before the storm, though. You know that." Shay looks between Elle and I, and his concern is not lost on us. I feel Elle's body tense, so I wrap my arms around her, reaching for her hands and entwining our fingers. I'm trying to soothe her, to let her know that whatever is coming we'll face it together. A united front.

"Any sign of the black Honda?" Shay asks.

"Not that we can tell. I've been watching overnight all week, and I haven't seen him. Unless he's changed vehicles, in which case he's going to be hard to spot."

"Well, I'll take over tonight, and we'll get Devon doing some walking around the neighborhood. I have a feeling that something is brewing."

"I hope for all of our sakes that you're wrong, man. She's been through enough," I say emphatically, giving Elle's hands a small squeeze of reassurance.

"On that note, I'm going to go have a shower," Elle says, letting go of my hands and rising to her feet. "Make yourself at home, boys," she adds with a grin before walking towards the bedroom.

Once she's gone, Devon shifts in his seat so that he's leaning forward and sitting on the edge of it. "Shay said you met Sylvia?" he asks.

"Never been more shell shocked in my life. It was f**king unreal." I'm still shocked.

"You seeing her again?" Shay interrupts my train of thought.

"Yeah. We talked about it last night. But, man, I'm glad Elle was here with me because I didn't exactly handle it well. I got well acquainted with my good friend Jack Daniels. I run my fingers through my hair in frustration. "But I've spent too much time wondering why she did what she did and it's time I moved on from this shit, you know?"

Devon clears his throat. "I can probably help you piece together some of it if ya want. She was my nanny. Mom hired her after I was born. Until Daddy-o couldn't keep his f**king dick in his pants and knocked her up with you."

I shake my head. Is this why Evans said I didn't know the whole story? "Why the f**k haven't you told me this before?" I'm getting riled up now.

"Because I wasn't sure what was true and what was bullshit and I was only a kid, so I don't remember much. But I do remember mom crying a lot and Sylvia suddenly leaving. She should be able to tell you the rest," Devon explains.

"That's what I'm hoping. It'd be nice to leave that part of my life behind me. Know what I mean?"

"Yeah, man. Those kind of demons can screw with your head. I'm a prime f**king example of that aren't I?" Shay says. I nod in agreement. It's very rare that he talks about what happened in his past. In fact, I think I'm the only one who knows the whole story of what went down with his girlfriend Brenna, and that's because I was right there with him when she died.

"I'd be in the same boat if you hadn't saved Elle."

"I said I'd be your eyes and ears, B, and I meant it. But about that...since Brimstone is off radar now, what are we gonna do?" Shay asks.

"Well, I'll need to check in with Vic, but you know I'm not going anywhere. He can try pulling me off the case, but it won't happen. We've still got Gibbons to sort out, and as much as I don't wanna go near the prick," I say, looking at Devon, "I need to get the lay of the land with Evans."

"I don't wanna deal with that f**ker either," Devon mutters under his breath. "But if you want, I'll have your back. You know that."

"We'll cross that bridge when and if we come to it. Until then, just keep doing what we've been doing."

They both nod, we don't need to say anything else. We know what we've got to do, keep Elle safe at all costs.

16

It's the last day that Aunt Sylvie is going to be in town. She has a charity dinner to prepare for back in LA, and says that she should really check in on Uncle Harry, even if it is just to play the part of the concerned ex-wife.

Brax is a nervous wreck. If I thought I fidgeted when I was nervous, I've got nothing on Brax. He's been tapping his foot, bouncing his knee, cracking his knuckles and running his fingers through his already messy hair. We're waiting for her to arrive at the apartment. The media will have a field day with this, but Brax thought it was better to have them report Sylvie's presence, than for me to have to face them and all their in-your-face questions myself.

Just as I'm about to leave my kitchen with some iced tea and sandwiches, my cell phone starts ringing. I answer it without looking at the screen, not even thinking about the fact that I'm supposed to be screening my calls.

"Hello?" I ask. There is only silence on the other end of the phone.

"Hello? Are you there?" I hear his heavy breathing. Okay, this is getting weird now.

"Listen, if you aren't going to talk, then don't ring me," I say forcefully.

"You'll get what's coming Elise. I've waited this long to have you. It won't be long now," a low, creepy sounding voice announces over the phone before the call abruptly ends.

I pull the phone away from my ear, seeing "unknown number" staring back at me.

"Darlin', what's happening with-" Brax walks into the room, stopping when he sees me staring at my phone with a grim, confused look on my face. "Elle, what's wrong?"

"I just had the creepiest call."

His whole body stiffens before he springs into action. "Give me your phone," he says with his hand outstretched. I place it in his upturned palm and move around his hand to wrap my arms around him, burrowing in close and resting my head on his chest, under his chin.

"It's okay, Elle. You're safe with me," he says, his brows furrowed. "What did they sound like?"

"He had a really strange voice. At first it was just heavy breathing down the phone, then he said that he'd been waiting a long time and that he'd see me soon. Brax, this is starting to scare me.

I'm wound up so tightly. I can't imagine how I'm going to relax enough to help Brax through Sylvia's visit. Funny enough, though, I don't feel the familiar crush in my chest when I have an impending panic attack. I'm shaken, sure, but I feel grounded, somewhat safe now, but only because Brax is by my side.

"Shay, can you trace a call that was just made to Elle's cell a few minutes ago? You need any more info from me?........Yeah, it was an unknown number but you never know.....Okay, talk soon. Thanks, man."

He moves his hand between our bodies, gently pulling us apart before placing his finger under my chin and lifting my gaze to his. "Shay's got this, Elle. He's dealing with that, and I've got you. We're not going to let anyone hurt you again."

Gently kissing my lips, he pulls back and smiles. "Now, are you still okay for Sylvia to come over, or shall we postpone?"

"Brax," I say, giving him a knowing look. "If you're not ready, you just need to say so."

"Honestly, darlin', I'm beyond ready. I just want to get past this shit, no, I need to get past it."

Then, the intercom buzzer goes off.

This is it.

Time to find out how I came to be. Since I was two years old, I've always wondering what I did wrong and why my birth mother chose to abandon me to the foster care system. If it wasn't for Mom and Dad adopting me, there is no way that I would be the same man today. But hey, don't they say that your past doesn't have to dictate your future?

Elle gives me a final quick kiss for good luck, "It'll be fine, Brax. You'll see," she says encouragingly before walking towards the intercom and releasing the downstairs door lock.

I carry the food and drink into the living room, setting them up on the coffee table before sitting down on the couch. Elle goes outside onto the landing to meet Sylvia; probably trying to prepare her for the emotional get together that is about to take place.

She walks in and immediately locks her eyes on me. Her eyes are the same as the ones I've seen in my own reflection for the past twenty seven years. They're identical to mine, along with her dark brown hair. It's crazy and mind bending, like a piece of the Brax James puzzle just snapped back into place after being missing for so long.

"Hi, Braxton," she says warmly, a mournful smile caressing her face. I can tell that she's just as unsure about this as I am. In a way, that pisses me off.

"It's Brax," I say stoically. Fuck, this is already screwing with my head more than I thought it would. Seeing the woman who brought me into this world for the second time in two days is too much. Pull yourself together, man!

"Take a seat, Aunt Sylvie. Would you like a drink?" Elle asks, cutting through the awkward tension that has suddenly engulfed the room.

"Thank you, Elle. That would be lovely," she replies.

Elle puts her hand on my shoulder as she walks past, giving a supportive squeeze; her way of letting me know she's here for me. God, I love this woman.

"I don't know what to say," Sylvia begins. "I've been thinking about this moment for the last twenty-five years. There is so much to explain."

"How about you start from the beginning," I say quietly, willing my voice not to crack. Fuck, this is more emotional than I thought it would me. I need to take a concrete pill and harden the f**k up!

"Well, I met your father when I was employed as your brother Devon's nanny when he was first born. He was such a sweet little boy, too. Everything was going fine until Michael Evans seduced me. I fell in love with that man overnight. He was powerful and debonair, yet caring and sweet to me. I was so naive that I believed everything he told me," she says, reminiscing.

"Go on," I say, my voice sounding a bit stronger this time.

"Well, our affair continued for a few months before I found out I was pregnant with you. I don't know how it happened-"

I scoff, which earns me a hand squeeze from Elle. "Brax, please let her explain. You need this," she says, looking at Sylvia and urging her to continue.

"I wasn't supposed to be able to have children. When I was eighteen, I found out that I had severe endometriosis and that it was likely that I'd never get pregnant. But then you came along, my little miracle." She looks up at me, and I can see tears forming in her eyes.

Shit. If she loses it, I'll probably lose it.

I look away from her to stop myself from cracking.

"Anyway, I told Michael that I was pregnant with his child. He was happy, of course. Over the moon, in fact, but he told me that he couldn't leave Maria. He told me that she would not cope with a public divorce and the embarrassment that it would bring, so he persuaded me to quit and move into an apartment nearby. He said that he would visit us whenever he could, and that one day, we could all be a family."

"And you believed the lying bastard?" I spit out, trying not to laugh. It's not funny, but maybe laughing at the ridiculousness of this situation is the right way to deal with it. I mean, my birth mother is married to the man who wants to hurt Elle, the very woman who is now a huge part of my very f**king soul. And my birth father, Michael Evans, is corrupt as the day is long and filled Sylvia's ear with more lies to cover his own ass. That man has balls the size of watermelons, I swear to god.

"Unfortunately, at that time I didn't have a choice, Brax," she answers sadly. "He was promising me the world as soon as he could leave his wife. After two years of midnight visits and increasingly absent phone calls, I'd had enough. I told him that I was leaving and that you and I were going to make a better life somewhere away from him. He lost it, threatening to tell everyone about our affair, and that he'd take you away from me. I couldn't deal with that. I didn't want him to tar you with his dirty brush, so I did the next best thing I could. I put you into the foster care system without Evan's knowledge and skipped town."

I look up at her. Her blue eyes that are full of sadness are also full of love. I know that look anywhere because it's what I see in Elle's eyes every time I look at her. And that is when it hits me. Sylvia giving me up was the best thing she could have done for me. I would never have been adopted by Leah and Roger, and I would have ended up in the same predicament as Devon, or worse.

'I get it now. You did what you thought was the best for me at the time. And I was lucky. Leah and Roger James walking into that foster home turned out to be the best thing that could've ever happened to me. Until I met Elle, of course." I look down at our entwined hands and lift them up, gently kissing the back of her hand as it clutches mine. "Maybe at some stage, I'd love to know how you ended up with an ass**le like Harry Brimstone, but I think we've had enough of this girly shit for one day. How about we talk about the pink elephant in the room?"

"And that would be?" Elle says, raising her brow.

"What restaurant we're going to for dinner," I reply with a grin, leaning down and kissing her forehead.

I look over at Sylvia and take a deep breath, preparing myself for what I'm about to say.

"Sylvia, I appreciate your honesty, and I know that you're an important part of Elle's life. I'd like to find out more eventually, but it needs to be on my terms. One step at a time."

She smiles back at me through her tears. "I'd like that, Brax. I really would like that," she nods through her tears.

"Oh, Aunt Sylvie, don't be sad. He truly is the most thoughtful, protective, and loving man I've ever met. I love him more than anything," Elle says, rising to her feet and leaning over to Sylvia, enveloping her in a hug.

I can't help but smile. My beautiful Elle, whose life has already been filled with heartache and tragedy, has just helped two of her favorite people in the world take a big step towards closure.

Damn, this girl is the best thing that ever happened to me.

17

It has been five weeks since I was shot in my bed, in my apartment. Five weeks since the safe self-contained bubble I thought I was living in was obliterated. I've gone from being in domesticated bliss, to having my heart ripped out, then being shot at. Now I'm back on an even playing field. Brax is back in my life, and he's made all of the pain and heartache he put me through disappear. Despite the emotional turmoil I've been through in the past few weeks, I wouldn't change it for the world. I've come out the other side a better person, albeit with my eyes opened a little wider.

Brax has totally opened himself up to me now. There are no more lies between us, he's promised me that, and after everything we've been through I believe him. We've now got Devon added into our little unconventional family mix. Along with Shay, and yes, even Aunt Sylvie, we're united against whatever threats we still may face.

I woke up this morning, excited to be returning back to school. I've been doing work from home just to keep up my GPA, and I have a couple of finals to make up, but overall I'm still on track, amazingly.

Rolling over in bed, I find Brax is not there. I can smell the delicious aroma of coffee filling the apartment. I swing my legs out of bed, put on my silk bath robe, and wander into the kitchen, finding a shirtless Brax pouring two coffees for us.

"Morning, sweetheart," he says, not turning around. Talk about having a sixth sense.

"Morning," I reply, still wiping the sleep from my eyes and getting my bearings. Early starts like this are going to take some getting used to, considering I haven't used my alarm clock for six weeks. I reach my arms around him, giving his bare shoulder a light kiss before grabbing my cup and pulling it around him.

"I think I'll keep you around," I say with a grin.

"Is that so? I'll have you know I have many other uses too," he says with a smirk.

"I recall you showing me your other uses last night," I say quietly against my steaming hot coffee cup.

"What was that? You enjoyed the use of my what?"

"Braxton James! I hope you don't kiss your mother with that mouth! Oh, shit!" I say mortified.

His smile falls. "Hey, it's okay. Sylvia and I may have a long road ahead of us, but we've made the first step, right? And it's all because of you," he says, walking towards me and kissing my temple.

"Yeah, you have, and I couldn't have been more proud of you, babe."

He smiles that panty dropping smile of his. The one that is huge, cute as hell, and tells you that he wants to devour you.

"Wanna show me how proud?" he asks.

"As much as I'd love that, I have class in an hour, and I need to have a shower. So, save that thought for after class and we'll discuss the finer points then." I put my cup down on the counter and put my hands on his shoulders, reaching up on my toes to give him a quick kiss on the lips. "And yes, I'm locking the shower door," I add with a wink before turning away and heading towards the bedroom.

"Damn door locks," I hear him mutter behind me.

The end of class can't come quick enough.

That girl is my undoing every time. I've yet to tell her of my plans to follow her to school today. Even though Harry Brimstone has been arrested, we still don't know what the deal is. Until we know any different, we need to be vigilant and make sure Elle is covered at all times.

Elle comes out of the bedroom wearing black jeans and a red long sleeved top. Not that it matters what she wears because I'm always fighting the urge to strip them back off her again. She stands beside me at the kitchen counter where I'm reading a newspaper article on her tablet about Harry's arrest.

"Anything new to report?" she asks, noticing what I'm reading.

"Not yet. Seems he'll be arraigned today and released on bail. But because all of his accounts have been frozen while they trace all the Brightlight money, he won't be going anywhere anytime soon."

Putting the tablet down, I spin the bar stool around and grab Elle's hips, pulling her in between my legs. "You okay? I mean, with going back to school?" I ask as I slowly wrap my hands around her silky smooth waist.

"Yeah. It'll feel weird, but I know I'll catch up in no time" She smiles back at me, faltering ever so slightly when she sees the grim look on my face. "What's wrong?"

"I wanna come with you today."

She looks at me, and her eyes soften. "Brax, you don't have to keep up the pretense anymore." She wraps her arms around my shoulders as I move to the edge of the stool, resting my feet on the floor either side of hers.

"I know, but I will be going stir crazy unless I know you're safe. I can't bear the thought of you getting hurt again, or worse..."

My voice trails off as the thought of Elle being hurt hits me like a punch to the gut.

"I'm going to be in classes all morning. Apart from being here, it is probably the safest place I can be, babe. I'll have my phone on me at all times, okay?" she asks, bending her knees so that her gaze is level with mine.

I growl in frustration. "Okay, but any sign of trouble you call me. The moment that you feel unsure or something doesn't feel right, you call me or Shay. Deal?" My eyes plead with her.

"Absolutely. How about a goodbye kiss to help me get through my classes?" she asks, her lips turning upwards into a sexy grin.

"Now that I can do," I say, seconds before our mouths crash together, our tongues becoming entangled as we struggle to tear ourselves away from each other.

Far too soon, she pulls away, running her hands through her now mussed hair to smooth it back down. "Damn," she mutters, earning a laugh from me.

"Damn indeed," I say before standing and giving her one last soft kiss. "You better get going before I change my mind."

She giggles, one of the sweetest sounds she makes. "I'll see you just after one." And with that, she takes her sweet ass out the door, and off to class.

I ring Shay. There's something I need to organize, and it's been a long time coming.

"Hey, bro. What's up?" he says when he picks up.

"I need my gun. You home this morning? I want to come pick it up."

"We'll be here. Why do you want to pack heat all of a sudden? Dude, don't get me wrong, you should've been armed a long time ago." Shay's been in my ear for months about carrying my gun.

"We're not hiding anything from Elle anymore, so I want to be armed. I want to have my gun in the house in case the f**ker who shot her gets stupid and decides to try coming back," I explain, even though I know that I don't even need a reason.

"Fair enough. What does Elle think of it?"

I sigh. "She doesn't know yet. She's at class this morning. I'll have a shower, then pop round in about an hour. All good?"

"Yeah, bro. All good. I'm sure I will have kicked out my temporary house guest by then," he adds, cracking up laughing.

"Good to see my whore of a brother is helping you out," I add jokingly.

"Hey, enough of that. I've never needed anyone's help to get laid."

"You keep believing that, brother. I remember the old days."

"Ha f**king ha. By the way, Devon left twenty minutes ago. You wanted him on Elle all morning, right?

"Yeah, man. If she won't let me tag along, you can be damn sure I'm putting one of you guys on her."

"Absolutely, but you know she'll spot him straight away," he says.

"Yeah I know. I'll deal with it later. I'm off. See you soon."

Just as I walk into the bedroom, my phone rings. This time Victor shows up on the caller ID.

"Brax."

"Hey, Vic. What's up?"

"Gibbon has gone AWOL. I wanted to warn you."

"How the f**k did that happen, Vic?" I say, not bothering to hide my anger.

"Don't know, but I'm thinking he found the tracker on his car because it suddenly stopped working around 8 p.m. last night and hasn't been seen since. Gloria kicked him out a few days ago."

"Fuck!" I yell, banging my fist into the bedroom door, shaking it on the hinges.

"Just listen to me, Brax. I've got the boys trying to track his movements. As soon as we find him, I'll let you know. Maybe just try staying close to Elle until we hear more, okay?" he says, his deep voice not showing any sign of humor.

"Roger that. She's on campus until one. I'm going to pick up my gun from Shay's safe. I'm not dealing with any of this without my gun," I state sternly.

"Fair enough. Brax, just be careful. I need you and Shay as much as you need Elle. We clear?"

"We're clear. Talk soon," I say before hanging up.

Fuck! This is the real deal now. Before we had to keep watch in multiple directions, now we have an identified threat. But this time it's a desperate man who knows just as much as I do, and he's got nothing left to lose.

After half a day of classes, I'm exhausted. Even walking up the two flights of stairs to the apartment is a mission. Not surprisingly, Devon is parked up in his truck outside campus, so I catch a lift with him back to our place.

We walk through the door to find Brax and Shay crowded around the living room, watching an ice hockey game. They're yelling at the television, something about a bad call, or some missed penalty. I shake my head as I laugh at them and walk over to Brax, who stands and plants a huge, probing kiss on me. This is definitely not a kiss that should be given in front of company, even if it is only Shay and Devon. It's toe curling, spine tingling even, and I can feel myself beginning to melt. I drop my bag and wrap my arms around his hips, pulling him closer to me, feeling every inch of how happy he is to see me.

As I pull away, my hand grazes something hard on Brax's hip. Intrigued, I lift up the hem of his t-shirt, and I'm shocked to find the butt of a handgun sitting in a holster attached to his jeans. I gasp and pull my hand away immediately. He frowns at me, then I see his eyes widen as he clicks.

"Elle, let me..." he stutters.

"What the f**k is that, Brax?" I start shaking visibly at the realization my hand had touched a gun; the same type of weapon that tore my family away from me.

Shay and Devon stop shouting at the game, and the room is suddenly silent as they stare at us, probably wondering what the hell is going on.

"Elle, it was time I armed myself. We can't be too careful. "

"No shit, Sherlock, but why are you wearing it at home?" I've taken a step back from him now. My hands are on my hips, and the look on my face must be deadly because Brax honestly looks shocked at my reaction, and scared.

"Babe, you know the threats against you. You've already been shot. I need it so that I can protect you."

I can feel my resolve fading now because he's right. "I suppose. It just brings it all home that there are actually people out there that want to hurt me. "I bite my bottom lip, willing it to stop trembling.

I look up at Brax and his eyes go soft. "We would never let anyone hurt you again. Right, boys?" He looks at both Devon and Shay who still looked shell shocked at her outburst. "Hell, no," they say in unison.

"I just want you all to be careful. I couldn't stand losing anyone else." A lone tear falls down my cheek. Brax pulls me in to his chest and hugs me tight, running his arm up and down my back.

"I love you so much," he murmurs into my hair, tenderly kissing my temple. "No one is going to get past us again."

In the space of a month, my whole life has spiraled out of control. Once I was sitting pretty; I had a house, a wife whom I adored, and a job that paid very well and that at times I actually enjoyed.

Now, I've been blacklisted by Victor, written off by Harry Brimstone, and my wife has kicked me out of my own house. Well, the bank's house now.

I'm a desperate man, down to his last five hundred in the bank. I have no job, no wife, no backup plan, and to be honest, no f**king idea how I'm going to dig myself out of this deep ass hole.

Then it hits me. I don't need Harry Brimstone to tell me what to do next. The plan hasn't changed, it's just that I'm the only free man left to carry it through. But this time it's for me.

It is my turn.

That little twerp Brax is the one to blame for this. For all of it. If he kept his dick in his pants, Elle would have sold the company to Harry, and he would have given me my cut. The $100,000 I needed to save my house.

Brax needs to pay. I may not be able to go up against the might of Victor Bertorelli, but I can definitely give Brax a taste of his own medicine. I found their little tracker under my car. Bet they thought they'd outsmarted me.

Pay back is a bitch. I'm gonna teach Brax that he's not invincible. It doesn't matter who he's working for. Desperate times call for desperate measures, and I'm on a one way ticket to hell anyway.

What have I got to lose?

18

It's been a quiet week, all things considered. I've had classes almost every day, and Brax, Shay and Devon have been taking shifts watching me. When Brax told me about Victor's phone call about Gibbons, I was uneasy, but I still don't see why he would come after me. With Harry Brimstone out on bail and stuck in LA, I expect the threats against me to dissipate. But despite telling Brax I'd be fine, I do feel safe knowing that they are continually watching me. They all still act like I'm made of glass, but I do find it endearing.

Shay and Devon have been at our place a lot. It's been nice. I love seeing Brax connecting with his brother again. I know there is a lot of history there, none of it helped by Michael Evans, but they're definitely proving that blood is thicker than water. Devon is like a dirtier, cruder version of Brax, so he's constantly making me laugh.

We've all decided to go out for pizza tonight, so after getting ready, Brax and I leave the apartment and head downstairs to walk the few blocks to the pizzeria. Stepping outside the building, the cool spring air caresses my bare arms. It's getting lighter at night, so the purple tinged sky is breath taking.

"I love this time of year," I say to Brax as I pull my body tighter into his as we walk.

"Me too. I love Summer even more, though. The hot days, the even hotter nights..." He waggles his brows at me, and I slap him in jest.

"We'll just have to see about that, won't we?"

He stops in the middle of the sidewalk and turns to face me. "Darlin', I'm planning on many more hot summers with you. I hope you know that." He leans down and nips my bottom lip with his teeth, I respond eagerly, grabbing his hair in my hands and holding his mouth to mine as we kiss.

I hear a wolf whistle come from beside me. We both turn our heads to find Shay and Devon standing near us with huge grins.

"Maybe you two should get a room," Devon muses, giving me a sly wink.

"Maybe you two should not be late. I'm starving," I retort.

Shay steps up, opening the restaurant door for me. "We can't keep the lady waiting gentleman. Let's eat."

After picking a booth, we order some drinks and the boys bicker about a baseball game that has just finished. Before too long, three piping hot pizzas are placed on our table and they all go silent as they begin stuffing their faces.

"I just need to go to the restroom," I tell them as Brax slides out of the booth to let me pass, giving me a quick peck on the cheek as I walk by.

I walk down the corridor to the ladies, barely reaching the door when I feel myself being pulled from behind into an open supply closet. I panic and try to throw them off, but I can't scream. A hand wraps around my mouth and I feel some sort of fabric being held against my nose. I hold my breath, trying not to breathe in the sweet smelling vapors, but it's too late. My mind goes hazy; it's like the edge of my consciousness has become blurred. My eyelids feel heavy as lead, and my whole body feels stiff like I can barely move it.

The person behind me drags me backwards. I try to struggle with him, kicking and throwing my legs out, but my movements are staggered. Suddenly, everything feels like it is running in slow motion, except my heart which feels ready to beat out of my chest. There's a lump in my throat as I grasp that this is actually happening. It is not an out of body experience, not one of my nightmares. I'm being kidnapped just meters away from the three men tasked to protect me. I'm thrown against the wall of a supply closet like a limp rag doll, my mind stuck in the limbo of consciousness as I feel an arm curl under my legs and then my body being lifted up and carried towards the restaurant's back door.

The restaurant backs onto an alley, and I realize that once I'm taken outside, I'll have even less of a chance of being traced. I rack my hazy brain as each step the man takes leads me further away from Brax and the boys. I grab at my neck, finding my necklace. With no other options, I rip it away from me and drop it on the hallway floor just as I'm taken through the open back door.

The man carrying me dumps me roughly into the car's trunk before grabbing some rope, pulling my arms behind my back and binding them. I try to cry out, but no sound comes out except a hoarse moan as my eyes close and I'm plunged into darkness.

I check my watch. Elle's been gone for ten minutes.

"What's up, B?" Shay asks.

"Elle's been gone awhile. I'm just gonna check that she's okay."

He quirks his brow. "You need me?"

"Not yet, but maybe you two should settle the bill. Something feels off," I say, getting to my feet and walking towards the back of the large restaurant.

I turn the corner into a long dark hallway and notice a back door leading to an alley is open. Seems rather strange. I reach the ladies room door, and see that the supply closet door is also open, and there is linen strewn around the floor and cleaning products spilled everywhere. Definite signs of a struggle. Fuck! I quickly pull the bathroom door open.

"Elle?"

"Elle, are you okay?"

"Darlin', answer me!"

I barge in, not caring if I interrupt anyone. I look under each stall and find them all empty. I run back out into the hallway and down towards the open door. I look down both ends of the alley, finding it empty. I suddenly feel a chill run down my spine as I'm hit with the real possibility that Elle has been abducted right underneath our f**king noses. Fuck!

"Shay!" I yell down the hallway, seeing Shay and Devon rushing towards me after a few seconds.

"Someone has taken her, man. She's not in the ladies, the supply closet is messed up, and this door was wide open," I state, talking way too quickly. I rest my hands on my knees as I try to slow my breathing down. Then I see it, a silver chain sticking out from under my sneaker. I quickly bend down to grab it and recognize it straight away as Elle's infinity necklace. I clutch it in my hand.

"She's definitely been taken. This is her necklace." I hold out my hands to them so they can see.

"I'm calling the cops," Shay says, his phone already in hand as he punches in 911.

"What do you need me to do, bro?" Devon asks.

"Go see the manager and ask if there are any cameras in the alley or hallway. We need to see who took her. Better still, what they were driving. I'm gonna call Elle's phone, then I'm calling Victor. If it's who I think it is, we need all the help we can get."

I punch in Elle's number and it rings until voicemail picks up. I know it was in her back pocket because she'd left her handbag at home. I ring it once more and I hear my ring tone playing softly from somewhere close by.

"Guys shut up. I can hear her phone ringing," I say as I redial her number. I hear the music playing again. I walk down the hallway, the noise getting louder as I get close to the supply closet. Mother f**ker!

"Dammit!" I yell, kicking the wall.

"What?" Devon asks, running to my side.

I point to the open supply cupboard where Elle's phone is lying on a wooden shelf. The f**ker took it off her. How the hell are we going to find her now?

I put my phone to my ear again, dialing the boss. Thankfully he picks up straight away.

"Brax," his low voice rumbles.

"Someone took her, Vic! From right under our bloody noses!" I'm yelling down the phone, so f**king angry at myself. She was only gone for ten minutes. That's all it f**king took.

"Calm down. Now, tell me what we know. Have you called the police?"

I take a deep breath, trying to calm my racing heart. "Shay's on the phone to them now. Devon's checking out the alley and hallway for cameras. She went to the ladies and didn't come back. There are signs of a struggle, and the back door of the restaurant was left open, leading into an alley. If it is Gibbons, I'll f**king kill him myself."

"Join the f**king queue, Brax. This is what you need to do. I need you guys to think about any place where he could've taken her. Gibbon's is smart, but he's not in his neck of the woods so he won't go far. And I think you'll be receiving a ransom call from him. Sooner, rather than later," he states very matter of factly. "But until then, I'll get the boys on it. We'll find him, and we'll find her. I swear, Brax."

I open my eyes, and I instantly feel closed in. I can't move my arms which are stretched uncomfortably behind my back. My legs feel sluggish, and my head is throbbing. Then I remember what happened. Someone took me. Grabbed me from the restaurant, then threw me in this trunk.

Brax! Oh my god, he'll be frantic! I try to move my tightly bound hands again, but the rope keeps digging into my wrists the harder I try to free them. My ripped skin stings as it is exposed to the air. My heart sinks. I'm completely helpless right now.

I have to stay calm. I have to believe that the boys will find me. That Brax will save me.

19

What the f**k have I just done?

Desperation will drive a man to do anything, to take the biggest chances, to fight the odds, to make the biggest mistakes of his life.

I can hear her yelling from the trunk. Her screams tear through me. My warring conscience is eating away at me, but I have no other option. I have to continue on.

After driving for about fifty miles, I reach my destination. When I made the decision to kidnap Elle for ransom, I knew I wasn't thinking straight, so I reached out to the one man I thought would help me. The only other man other than Harry Brimstone that hates the boss as much as I do. It took a few days to get hold of him, but he sounded way too pleased to hear from me. Almost like he was expecting my call.

Michael Evans is widely known to be corrupt and dirty. He's been on the take for a number of years, and it's no secret that he hates Victor Bertorelli. Actually, hate is too nice of a world. He despises the man with a deep passion. I've never found out why, but I suspect it's some sordid deal gone wrong in the past.

"Why are you calling me, Gibbons?" he asked when he returned my third call.

"I need a safe house in New York state. Somewhere out of the way and undetectable."

"Why should I help you?" he asked deadpan.

"Because I hate Victor as much as you do, possibly more, and I need somewhere to stow away for a few days where I can't be disturbed."

"And what is in it for me? I'm not a f**king charity," he says, his voice cold and emotionless.

"What do you want?"

"I want Brax and Shay away from Victor." Fuck! He wants the impossible.

"The only way to do that is to turn them against the boss man. How do you expect me to do that?"

"I don't know. I don't really care, but I'll give you the benefit of the doubt. I'll text you the address."

I let out a huge sigh of relief. This plan of mine might actually work. "I'll pay you."

He bursts out laughing; a cold, maniacal laugh that chills my bones. "I don't want or need your f**king money, Gibbons. But don't worry, I'll get what I'm owed. One way or another. Don't you worry." And with that, the line went dead.

That was two days ago.

Now, my GPS tells me I'm one hundred feet away from my destination. I turn into the driveway, and I'm confronted by a decrepit rundown cabin which doesn't look big enough to swing a cat around, let alone hold two adults for a few days. It'll be cosy, but I'm running out of options.

I bring the car to a stop around the back of the wooden building and hop out. I push a warped wooden door open and flick on a light switch. There is a rusty wooden bed in the corner of the room, with a ripped two seater couch along the front wall. There is an old wooden table along the other wall, beside a doorway presumably leading to a toilet. At the very least, I f**king hope there is a shitter in this dump.

Jamming one of the dining room chairs under the front door handle, I walk back out the back door to bring Elise inside. As much as I'd love to leave her in the trunk, I'm not an animal.

I pop the trunk open, and all I see are her wide open eyes, full of fear and the unknown.

"I'm taking you inside now. If you fight me, I'll fight back. Understand?" I talk slow and clear to her, my voice low, almost soothing. I want to make sure there is no room for misunderstanding. "I'll let you walk, but don't even think of running. I have a gun and I'm not scared of using it," I spit out, lifting my shirt and showing her the piece attached to my hip. Her eyes dart down to my gun and quickly back up to my face as she nods quickly. I can see her chest rising and falling rapidly, and she's constantly blinking her eyes like she's trying to hold back tears and appear tougher than she really is.

"Okay, I'll lift you out," I say as I lean forward and hook my arms under her torso, hoisting her out and placing her feet on the dirt ground. I let her go for a second to shut the trunk, and she makes a run for it.

I yell at her retreating back. "Fucking bitch! You'll pay for that." I run after her, getting angrier as I hear her loud screams for help echo through the darkness. I catch up to her, making a grab for her legs and knocking her over, flat on her face onto the gravel driveway.

Towering over her, I look down at her now bleeding head. Her face grazed, small pieces of gravel and grit sticking to the blood trickling down her cheek. "Fuck, now I'm gonna have to clean you up. Maybe next time you won't try running, you stupid little rich girl."

"W...w...hat do you want from me? I can get you money, however much you need. Just please don't hurt me. I just want to go home," she stutters and starts to cry.

"You bet your ass you will, but we'll deal with that later. Right now you need to get inside and cleaned up," I say, bending down and lifting her up by her bound arms. I look her over as I'm holding her. Damn, Brax got himself a nice piece of tail. No wonder he raced back to her side.

I shake my head. Eyes on the prize, Gibbons. My mind is racing a million miles an hour. She's f**king bleeding now and looks like she's been beaten. Fuck! If any of the boys see this, they'll kill me first and ask questions later. God, that'll probably happen anyway if they find me. I need to get the money and get the f**k outta dodge.

Otherwise, the only way I'll be leaving here will be in a body bag, and there's no coming back from that.

Two f**king hours.

She's been gone for two hours already. All I can see when I close my eyes is her scared face, her eyes filled with terror. I've been going mad, trying to think of who has taken her and where they may have gone.

Thankfully, there were cameras in the restaurant's hallway, but not in the alleyway. That was always going to be a stretch. While Shay and I were talking to the police, Devon went with one of the officer's to view the restaurant's security tapes. When he saw the moment that Elle was grabbed from behind, he called us in to take a look.

I knew straight away that it was Gibbons. I'd know that silhouette anywhere. The bastard was hiding in the supply closet. God knows how he knew she would be alone. He must have been watching us, biding his time. Sitting there, waiting for his opportunity. We never would have followed her to the rest room. How were we to know that she wouldn't even be safe going to the toilet?

Watching this man, my former supervisor, viciously grab Elle has my blood boiling. I'm seeing red, and I know I need to calm down in order to think clearly, but seeing him wrap his hand around her mouth and watching her body slowly go limp shatters me.

My poor girl. She's been through so much already, and now because of me, because of my connections to Victor Bertorelli and Gibbons, she's been snatched and is lying somewhere scared and helpless. I know she's strong, but she hasn't been exposed to this dark underworld before. I've never wanted my past life, the one I desperately want to leave behind, to touch her.

I storm out of the office and into the alley again. I can hear Shay calling my name behind me, but I'm blocking him out. I'm trying to block everything out. I reach the brick wall lining the alley and kick it hard. The pain rushing through my foot pales in comparison to the pain ripping through my heart.

"Fuck!" I yell into the night sky. "Fuck, f**k, f**k!" I brace my arms against the wall, resting my forehead against the cold rough bricks.

"Brax, you need to calm the hell down and think. Where would he take her? Who would he know around here that would help him?" Shay says, putting his hand on my shoulder.

I spin around and look at my best friend. I know he's struggling with this too, but at least he's still able to think rationally.

I start pacing, wracking my brain with all the possibilities. Then it hits me. It's a long shot, but it's a chance I'm gonna have to take if I want any chance of seeing Elle alive again.

Grabbing my phone from my jeans pocket, I pull it out and stare at it.

"What B? What is it?" Shay asks. I look over at him and see the concern on his face. He's never seen me like this; so helpless, so unprepared.

"Evans," is all I spit out before I bring up the last known number I have for my birth father and push the call button. I don't care what this call is going to cost me. Whatever he wants, whatever he demands. If he can lead me back to Elle, I'll do whatever it takes.

"Brax," he answers, his voice low and controlled.

I take a deep breath, bracing myself for what I'm about to do. "Elle has been kidnapped by Gibbons. You know anything about it?"

"Gibbons?" he sounds shocked.

"Yeah, security footage shows him grabbing her and carrying her towards a car waiting at the back of the restaurant we are at," I say quickly, wiping the sweat off my forehead. I'm actually nervous now, especially seeing as Evans is my last hope.

"He rang me two days ago. Offered me money to find him a place to hide out for a few days."

"What? And you didn't think I needed to know this? Where the f**k is he, Evans? For the love of God, you better hope he hasn't hurt her!" I yell.

I hear him cuss under his breath. "He's at one of my safe houses about fifty miles out of town. I'll text you the address. But no police, Brax. Just you."

I'm already walking back through the restaurant now. "Shay and Devon will be going with me, but no police. I'll try throwing them off, but you better not be f**king with me."

"Okay, Shay and Devon, but that's it, Brax. I'm deadly serious. I'm in the city, but I can be there in about an hour," he explains.

"I'm not promising a thing. You know that, right?"

"I'm not asking for anything, Brax. Not this time. Your girl needs you. Move your ass and go get her."

I hang up, wondering why the hell Evans would suddenly be so interested in my girl's safety. He's far from the perfect father figure; I wonder why he's suddenly all about his family? First, he was telling me to give Sylvia a chance and how he's been keeping track of her all these years, and now this. I shake my head and walk inside to find Shay and Devon waiting at the bar.

"We off?" Shay asks.

"Yup. Need to lose the cops, though. He's at Evans' safe house just outta town. He's gonna send me the address and meet us there. I'm going now. You guys can either stay or come with me, but you better make your minds up now because I'm walking out the door and going to get my car."

They both nod and follow me out of the restaurant, leaving the police behind. Our sole focus is on getting Elle back and dealing with Gibbons, once and for f**king all.

20

We run the three blocks back to the apartment building. I race upstairs and grab my gun, jacket, and car keys, then take the stairs two at a time until I'm in the basement parking lot where Devon and Shay are waiting for me by my car.

"You okay, bro?" Shay asks, his voice laced with concern.

"No, but I will be when I get her back. Let's do this." I unlock the car, and we all jump in.

I check my phone for the address Evans texted me and turn the key; the V8 engine roars to life. I put the address into my GPS and pull out of the parking space, steering the car up the ramp and out on the road. I'm resisting the urge to gun it and speed off. We don't want to attract any attention until we get Elle back and know she's safe.

Once we're on the freeway, I put my foot down and floor it. My mustang jumps to life, and the speedometer jumps up to one hundred miles an hour in no time. The GPS says we're forty minutes out. I think these are going to be the longest forty minutes of my life.

I'm sitting in the passenger seat beside Brax as we speed towards some abandoned house in the middle of nowhere.

"You gonna be okay, Brax? Dealing with this? Because D and I can go in and handle this. We'll neutralize him and bring her out to you." My voice is full of concern. I've seen Brax lose his shit before, and it's never pretty.

"I'll be fine, Shay," he replies through gritted teeth. I see his grip tighten on the steering wheel while he glances at the GPS again. We must only be a few miles out now.

"Okay, I'm gonna call Victor and let him know what's going on."

"You do that," he replies deadpan. He's not himself right now, and I completely understand why. I've been where he is. I know how he feels. Maybe that's half the problem.

"Boss, its Shay," I say when he answers.

"What's the situation?" his gruff voice reverberates through me.

"Gibbons is hiding out at one of Evans' safe houses. We're headed there now, probably only five minutes out."

"And how the f**k did that prick Evans get involved?"

"From what I understand, Gibbons rang him a few days ago asking for help."

"Fucking hell. Okay, I can't do much from down here, but you call me if you need anything," he states firmly. "And Shay, keep Brax in check. You know as well as I do that he's likely to lose it when you get there."

"I know. I'm on it. Devon's here too. Will update you when I know more, okay?" I say.

He murmurs in agreement. "Sounds good, Shay. And for god's sake, be f**king careful."

I end the call and put my phone back in my pocket. I need to have it close in case shit hits the fan.

"It's just over that rise," Brax says, pointing ahead of us. He pulls the car off to the side and turns it off.

"What's the plan?" he asks, turning towards both of us.

"You're asking us?" Devon replies as he leans forward from the back seat. "B, this is your call. The whole takedown is up to you. The way we play it, and the way it ends, bro."

Devon's words mimic the thoughts racing through my brain. This is not just another job. It's not like any other take down we've been involved in. Hell, Devon's probably used to situations like this more than Brax and I put together.

"We need to leave the car here and go the rest of the way by foot. He'll hear the car if we go any closer. One of you can run back and grab it if we need to get Elle out of there quickly. Devon, you take the front, and Shay, you and I will check out the side and back. Have your guns ready, but don't you dare f**king shoot anywhere near Elle. We don't know if he's alone, so we have to presume that anyone we come across could be working with him. Understood?" Brax looks at both of us for confirmation.

"Sounds good," I say, looking straight at my best friend. I can see the tension in his face. He's operating on pure adrenaline right now. I can only hope that we can get in and out as quickly and painlessly as possible.

For everyone's sake.

Stalking up to the driveway of the house, I see a faint light coming from a front window. It's the only light in a sea of darkness. I hear my boots crunching on the gravel driveway, and cringe at the noise I'm making. Shay is at my rear as we move around the side of the crap shack. I can only imagine the type of people Evans sends here. My body shudders at the thought of this filth even getting close to Elle.

Reaching the back of the small building, I make out the silhouette of a dark Sedan. My nerves are shot, and a nagging voice in my head says that I need to let Shay take the lead in this. I'll lose my head the minute I see Elle. If she has even one little scratch on her, I'll maim the son of a bitch slowly. And with great pleasure.

I hold my hand up to stop Shay's retreat. I can hardly see anything, but thankfully the moonlight allows a little sight.

"I need you to take the lead," I whisper to him. I see his shadow nod as I move out of the way. I take my right hand and reach to my holster sitting on my left hip. My shaky hand grips the butt of the cold steel. It gives me a small amount of comfort; the knowledge that with one quick draw, I can end this if I want to. I can end him.

"You ready, B?" Shay murmurs.

"Just f**king get on with it. She needs us," I spit out just as Shay's size twelve boot kicks in the rotting wooden door in front of us, the crack of splintering wood filling the air. He barges through the doorway, gun drawn, pointed straight at Gibbon's head as he advances on him.

"Stay where you are, you piece of shit!" His words are venomous, full of hatred for the desperate man standing in front of him. Gibbons' hands are both up in the air, feigning surrender. I scan the room, quickly finding Elle curled up in the corner on a rusty metal bed, facing the wall. I can see her whole body shaking. Knowing Shay has my back, I stuff my piece back in the holster and rush to her side.

"Wait there, hon. I'll get your arms free first," I say softly. Her hands are bound together tightly behind her back, her pain obvious with every movement. I pull out my utility knife from my pocket, cutting through the ropes and freeing her hands. She shuffles herself around until she's rolled over and I can see her face.

I see red.

Anger grips my throat as I see the whole right side of her face is grazed and bloody. It may have been cleaned up, but she looks a mess. Devon chooses that moment to bust through the front door with his shoulder, making a grand appearance and startling Shay. Gibbon's sees his chance and moves to grab his gun. Jumping to my feet, I run straight into him, tackling him around his waist and knocking him on his ass and sending his gun scattering across the floor.

Then I lose it. I start pummeling his face, my knuckles crunching into his cheek, his nose, his skull. I can't stop myself. He double crossed all of us. He had the f**king balls to kidnap Elle from right under our noses. All of my anger from the past few months bubbles to the surface. Hearing Elle's sobs and pleas for me to stop can't snap me out of it. The pain spreading up my hand doesn't stop me. Even Shay putting his hand on my shoulder, his silent command to stop, doesn't work. Devon steps in and pulls me away, finally breaking through my murderous haze.

I look down at the bloody unconscious body of Gibbons beneath me and spit on him. He's worth less than the shit on my shoes.

"Bro, walk away," he says calmly.

I shake my head violently. There is no room for calm in this situation. Calm left the building three hours ago when he first laid his hands on my girlfriend.

Standing over him, I know what I have to do. I reach for my gun again, pulling it out and pointing it directly at Gibbons' head.

I'm staring at a double crossing piece of shit; a man so desperate that he'd cross two of the most formidable criminals in the country, Victor and Evans. My conscience is having the battle of its life inside of me. The little devil and angel that sit on your shoulders are no longer friendly; they're fighting each other tooth and nail.

Realizing what is happening, Elle screams behind me, "No, Brax!"

"Dude, think about this," Devon says quietly from beside me.

Fuck!

"Brax, please don't," I hear her pleading voice say. "Baby, you can't come back from this. He's worthless, he's nothing, but he's not worth throwing your life away."

My hand drops down to my side, still gripping the gun. "He hurt you, Elle. He took you from me. It's my job to protect you from scum like him!"

"He didn't hurt me too much, I'm just a bit roughed up from falling over outside. It was all about the money. He was desperate for money," she implores as she starts to cry again. Her eyes bore into me, anticipating what I'm about to do and pleading with me to reconsider.

I'm stuck, smack bang in the middle of wanting to do the right thing, and following my gut instinct. It's a conundrum I never thought I'd have to face, especially in front of the woman I want to spend forever with.

"Darlin', I need you to go with Shay and get well away from here. I need to deal with him alone," I say, not taking my eyes off him.

She runs in front of me, taking a brief look at Gibbons' beaten limp body lying on the ground before lifting her hands up and cupping my face. Looking at me through wet eyes she gently brushes her bruised lips against mine. I wince from the pain radiating through my jaw. I've got to give it to him, that bastard has a good left hook. But even that pain can't deter me from the beauty who is standing in front of me; a beauty who should never be touched by the dark side of life.

"Babe, I need you with me. I don't need to spend the rest of my life only seeing you on weekly visits while you rot away in a jail cell," she says shakily.

Dammit.

"Elle, I need to deal with this. Go with Shay, and I'll be straight behind you, ok?" I plead with her. "I'll be right out, darlin'," I say quietly, leaning down to kiss her soft wet lips again before kissing her nose, then her forehead. I look over her shoulder to Shay, lifting my chin, to tell him to take her now before I change my mind.

"C'mon on, babe, let's get you back to the car so I can check you over. That cut on your head looks nasty." He takes a step towards her, gently grabbing her shoulder as I move away from her, out of her reach. She doesn't need to see what happens next. Hell, if I had my way she wouldn't have any knowledge of this man at all.

I hear the door close behind us. Now it's just Devon, Gibbons and me, and if I have my way, there will only be two of us walking out of here.

"So how are we gonna play this, bro?" Devon asks, breaking through the eerie silence that has filled the room.

"Right now, I wanna wring his f**king neck, rough him up a bit since he felt it was okay to do that to my girl, and then I wanna break him, limb from f**king limb," I spit out, staring at Gibbons limp body lying on the floor in front of me.

"You sure about this, B?"

"No! That's the f**king problem! I've done a lot of things in my life that I'm not proud of, but killing a man is not one of them," I reply exasperatedly. Looking around this dark windowless room that Elle has been held captive in, I can't even imagine how scared she must have been. I start pacing, trying to rid my mind of the dangerous thoughts swirling around it.

Even when her parents and sister were killed, she wasn't touched by the darkness that the murderer had in him. But over the past three hours, she has experienced enough desperation and helplessness to scar her for a lifetime. Even if it takes everything I have to give, I'll dedicate my very being to getting her past this whole ordeal, hell, everything bad that has ever happened to her. I want to be that for her.

We scoped it out for all of a minute before storming in, guns blazing. This time I was packing, and I'm not ashamed to admit that I'm not afraid to use the piece of cold metal that is burning my skin on my hip. My trigger finger is aching to be used; to hurt this piece of shit who felt he could abduct Elle and hold her for ransom in this dirty, flea infested pit of a house in the middle of nowhere. This kind of filth should never have touched Elle, never have gotten close to her, and that's on me.

Devon speaks up behind me. "B, you know what we have to do."

"Nope, not gonna go there."

Devon sighs loudly, kicking Gibbons when he starts to groan. "Look, we don't have long. The cops will be on their way already. You wanna end this? We gotta do it now. You wanna walk away? You get out now so that none of this comes back on you."

I snap my head up, squaring my gaze on my brother. I know what he's not saying, and it shocks me. Eight years I was out of his life, too chicken shit to call him because I thought he was tainted by our father. Eight years I lost out on this. "D, I can't ask you to do this."

"You're not asking, and I'm not offering. I'm saying there are things that have to be done. You have a beautiful woman waiting at home for you. She loves you more than her own life. She has no one except you and Shay. Let me do this for her, for you, and for the life you can give her. A happy peaceful one. The life she deserves."

"Well, well. Looks like I missed out on all the fun," a low familiar voice bellows from behind us, breaking the tension filling the room. Devon and I turn towards the voice, and come face to face with Michael Evans, the paternal anti-christ himself. He's dressed in a white dress shirt and black slacks, a bow tie lying limply around his neck. He looks like he just walked out of a high society function to come here. He's every inch the debonair, millionaire, crime boss.

And he came alone.

But for all his faults, he is standing here. Putting himself on the line.

I wondered what it would be like, the moment I came face to face with my scum bag sperm donor again. I knew it would be tense, and that I'd be consumed with the hatred I felt for the man. But in that precise moment, I actually felt relief. If anyone can talk Brax out of making the biggest mistake of his life, it will be the mastermind himself.

"Brax, put the f**king gun away, son. You're not a killer. You never were. You don't have it in you," he states vehemently before swinging his gaze towards me. "Devon, you need to get him the f**k out of here. The police are five minutes out, tops. You don't need to violate your good behavior bond for this piece of shit," he says, pointing to Gibbons' writhing body on the ground.

"Whatever you're gonna do, I don't want to know about it. I don't wanna see it, and there's to be no blow back on either of us. Capiche?" I say sternly. "Brax does not need to suffer like I did just because he's had the misfortune of carrying your blood."

The f**ker's eyes actually soften and I start losing my resolve. For the first time in over ten years, I see a glimpse of the proud, loving, responsible father that I grew up with. The one who taught me how to throw a ball, who spent an hour with a baseball mitt while I practiced my pitches for little league, the man who once loved my mother.

I shake my head in frustration. That isn't the man standing in front of me. That man was lost years ago.

"Get out of here, both of you!" he yells at us. "I'll clean this up. Now go!" The bellow of Michael Evans reverberates around the room.

I grab Brax's arm and drag him towards the door. "Run, bro. We gotta get Elle out of here," I say as we run in the direction of the car.

Two gun shots echo throughout the night air behind us. We don't stop to look back, we don't need to, but the sirens we hear in the distance tell us that we need to leave now.

21

I wake up just as the car comes to a stop. "Sweetheart, we're home," I hear Brax softly say from above me. I roll in his lap, my head resting on his thigh, his hand tangled in my hair. He hasn't taken his hands off me even once since he got back into the car and told Shay to 'Get the f**k outta here.'

He hooks his arms under my shoulders and knees and gets out of the car, carrying me like I'm light as a feather. He hasn't smiled once since he got back into the car. Whatever went down in the cabin after I left is obviously haunting him. You can see it in his cold glassy eyes, the furrowed brows, his defeated posture. The only time I got a glimpse of the Brax I know was when he shifted over in the back seat beside me and laid my head in his lap, stroking my hair ever so gently, over and over.

There were no words exchanged for the entire drive home. I didn't ask what happened when Shay took me out of that room, or ask who was in the black town car that turned up just as we reached the Mustang. And I really didn't want to know who shot the gun that we heard booming through the night.

Shay and Devon lead us up to the apartment, opening the basement and then our apartment door so that Brax doesn't have to put me down. Brax doesn't stop walking until we reach our bathroom. I've been watching him the whole time, his face showing no emotion. He sits me down on the vanity, making sure I'm steady before walking into the shower and turning the water on.

He comes back and stands in front of me, reaching his arm above his head to pull his t-shirt off over his head in one smooth movement. I see how swollen his knuckles are from punching Gibbons. Grabbing one of his hands, I bring it to my mouth and softly kiss each knuckle, then look back up at him. He cups my face, stroking his thumbs slowly across my cheeks.

I strip my top off, then reach behind my back to unclasp my bra. Before I can slide it down my arms, Brax's hands cover mine and we pull it the rest of the way together. Leaning forward, he lightly caresses my lips, his touch so light like he's scared I'm going to break. He gently rests his forehead against mine, breathing me in. "I thought I'd lost you. That I'd never get to hold you, kiss you, love you again," he whispers.

"I knew you'd find me. I knew you'd save me," I reply, my voice full of emotion.

He moves his hands to his jeans, undoing them and removing the rest of his clothes until he's standing naked in front of me. I slide off the vanity, copying him until I join him in his nakedness. He holds out his hand for mine, leading me into the steaming hot shower where he wraps me in his arms and just holds me, the soothing water streaming over us, washing the horrors of the night away from us.

We stay there for what seems like a lifetime, clinging to each other. With a lone tear escaping down my cheek, a sob escapes my heaving chest as all of the emotions and the intensity of the night's events suddenly hit me. "Hush, baby. I've got you now. Nobody is going to hurt you ever again," I hear Brax murmur against my head, his quaking voice telling me he's as overwhelmed as I am. "Never again."

When we're finally out of the shower, and changed into some clean clothes, Shay and Devon are long gone.

I was still very shaken up when Shay took me back to the car. I was full of fear, desperate to know what was going on back inside the cabin. Brax's eyes were so cold, so void of emotion. I was never scared of him, but I was scared of what the thought of losing me had done to him and what it may lead him to do to that man.

"Shay, you need to go stop him," I had pleaded.

He looked at me, sadness filling his eyes. "Darlin', Brax knows what he's doing. He will be fine, and will be back with you as soon as he can. I promise you that."

About an hour after we got home, the police were knocking on our door. We invited the two detectives into the living room; they just wanted to follow up, and make sure for themselves that I was unharmed. They didn't say anything about what happened to Gibbons, but I'm trying not to think about that. I won't be able to move on from this if I focus on what happened.

Now that I'm lying in bed, cocooned in Brax's arms, I feel safer than I've ever been and relieved that this horrific ordeal is over. All of the worry, the stress, the job of protecting me...it is all behind us. I can't wait to see Brax relax, the burden of worry gone from his face.

I feel him stir behind me. "Good morning, sweetheart," he rasps. I've always loved his voice first thing in the morning.

I roll over in his arms until we're lying face to face. "I love you, Brax," I say quietly.

He gives me a sly smile, his eyes dancing with amusement. "I'm glad about that, because I'm never going to let you go."

"I never want you to," I reply before kissing him like my life depends on it. All of the fear and doubt are poured into this one kiss. He chuckles as he lets me take his mouth. My tongue strokes against his as my free hand snakes up between us, grabbing his hair to hold him close to me.

Tearing myself away from him, we sit there, nose to nose, just breathing each other in. I watch him as he closes his eyes, then takes a deep breath before slowly reopening them, staring straight into mine. He tightens his arms around me, pulling me in as close as he can.

I see something different in his eyes; the stress he's held for the past year is gone. He looks open, relieved, full of love.

"Marry me," he whispers against my lips.

My whole body stills. Of all the things he could have said in this moment, that was way down the list of possibilities. My eyes well up at the enormity of what he's just said.

"I thought you'd never ask," I say, bringing my hand down his cheek and trailing my tongue along his bottom lip.

He laughs again, the smile never leaving his face. "Is that a yes?"

I clear my throat, my tears of happiness choking me up. "Yes," I say softly.

"Yes." Kiss. "Yes." Kiss. "Ye-"

Unable to hold back any longer, he rolls me on my back and attacks my mouth with renewed veracity. We are a tangle of hands and legs, unable to get enough of each other. He places kisses down my neck to my heavy br**sts, worshipping each of them with his tongue before taking them in his mouth. I arch my back against him, needing more of his touch.

"I can't wait any longer, babe. I need to be inside you, I need to show you," he spits out before kissing me again.

Positioning himself between my open legs, he pushes himself into me, forcing a loud groan to escape me. The feeling of fullness, of being physically complete with Brax inside me, truly overwhelms me. Knowing that he wants me forever, he wants to marry me, spurs me on. I match his thrusts, our lovemaking overtaken with the raw passion that's always been there. As I feel myself tighten around him, he moves his mouth to my ear. "Come with me, Mrs. James" and that is my undoing. We fall apart together, climaxing loudly as we come back down to earth.

Lying in bed beside each other, Brax rubs his hand up and down my naked side as I breathe out a sigh of contentment. "I'm home," I say.

He props himself up, looking down at me. "You've always been home, Elle."

"No, I haven't. I lost everyone I loved four years ago. I thought that was the end of my life. That I'd never feel settled again. That I'd never have my anchor. But now I feel home again. I have you. Forever. You're all I need, all I'll ever want. I'm truly home now.

"You're my home too, baby," he says, his eyes full of adoration. "You are where I'm supposed to be."

22

We spend the day at home. After last night's drama, I need to have Elle by my side today. I can't stop touching her. It's like my subconscious realizes how close I came to losing her and is making up for it in abundance.

The moment she said yes to marrying me, it made all the shit we'd been through worth it. She's agreed to be mine forever, and I could not be happier. Nothing can top that, nothing can even come close. Although, proposing in the middle of sex isn't the most romantic of proposals, so I've come up with a plan to do it properly.

We're lounging around on the couch when my phone starts ringing from the kitchen. I grab it, look at the caller ID, and wonder why the hell Sylvia would be calling me. We may have cleared the air, but I wouldn't say we're at the 'call each other to say hi' stage, that's for f**king sure.

"Hello," I answer gruffly.

"Brax! Oh my goodness, please tell me Elle's okay? Do you need anything? Have they asked for a ransom?" she shrieks down the phone.

"Calm down, Sylvia. She's fine, we rescued her late last night. What I wanna know is how the hell do you know about it because I sure as shit didn't ring you?" I ask suspiciously.

"Don't be mad, but Victor called me. He thought I should know." I'm suddenly frozen on the spot. How the f**k does Victor know my birth mother?

"Sylvia, why would my boss be calling you about Elle being kidnapped?" I ask, angry at yet another secret being kept from me.

"It's not something we should discuss over the phone, Brax," she says, brushing it off.

I'm seething now. "Sylvia, unless you want there to be more problems between us, you'll start talking. Right now!"

"Brax, I think we should do this face to face. There's a lot of stuff from the past we still haven't talked about yet," she replies shakily.

"What aren't you telling me?" I say through gritted teeth. I feel Elle wrap her hands around my waist, and I look down to see her frowning.

"I changed my name when I left home. My family had a sketchy reputation, to say the least, and I didn't want to be tarred by their dirty brush. So I started using my mother's maiden name, Robinson."

"That's the name on my birth certificate," I spit out. She's not telling me anything I don't already know.

"Yes, but my family name is Bertorelli."

And all of a sudden everything makes sense. It's like the final puzzle piece of my life has finally clicked into place.

"Victor..." I breathe out.

"Is my brother, yes. Your uncle. He's been watching out for you for a while now," she continues to explain.

"Why the f**k didn't he tell me? He knew I tried to find you after Roger died!" I shout. Elle is rubbing my back now, trying to calm my rigid body.

"I asked him not to tell you. He told me that he recruited you, and to be honest, I hated him for it. I didn't want you involved in his kind of business," I hear her sigh.

I try to take a deep breath, but this betrayal of sorts is too much to deal with. "Here's Elle," I say as I hand the phone over to her and walk away into the bedroom. I need to clear my head. This must be how Elle felt when I told her everything about the job and the company.

It's a cluster f**k of epic proportions.

When Elle comes into the room a few minutes later, I'm sitting on the edge of the bed, my head in my hands as I try to come to grips with this new information. My boss is my uncle. I'm related by blood to one of the most prolific crime families in the South. Fuck! If it wasn't enough to be related to Evans, now I have a criminal history on both sides.

"Babe, are you okay? Aunt Sylvie explained everything to me," she says as she sits beside me on the bed.

"Not really," I say into my hands. "It fits, though. Everything Victor's done for me, always looking out for me, and now you. It all makes sense."

I feel her lean into my side, resting her cheek on my arm. "It'll be okay, Brax. What are you going to do now?"

Lifting my head up, I look over at my beautiful girl. She's always looking for the positives in any situation. "What I have to. They've left me no choice now. Do you have my phone?" I ask, standing up.

She hands my phone to me but still looks worried. She's got nothing to worry about now. Brimstone has been charged and is going to be put away for a long time, and Gibbons has been dealt with. I can't tell her that, though.

There is no doubt in my mind what happened once Devon and I left that run down shack. The two gun shots that boomed out into that night air behind us as we ran away were the final nail in Gibbons' coffin. You never cross Michael Evans, especially when it comes to blood. And for all his faults, Evans holds his family, especially his two sons, above everything else. I need to find out what happened, but that call will have to wait. There is another family member I need to speak to first.

I bring up his number and push send, my hand shaking as I bring the phone up to my ear.

"Brax," he says when the call connects.

"Vic, or should that be Uncle Vic?" I say deadpan.

"She told you," he says with a sigh of relief. The man has the audacity to be relieved?

"You should've told me years ago, instead of letting me search for her and continually come up empty handed. You knew all along who and where she was." I can't hide the venom in my voice now.

"Yes, I did, but she asked me not to tell you. She just wanted to know that you were safe and happy."

"I was never happy. Not until I met Elle. You know that."

"And she knows that too," he adds.

I've made my decision. Now, to tell him. It's something I've considered, given recent developments, but this final piece of information has cemented my future. "Well, you know what this means."

"What, Brax?"

"I can't work for you anymore. I can't have anything to do with your business, legal or otherwise," I say spitefully.

"I had assumed that would be the case, given that you're not living down here anymore. What about Shay?" he asks, apparently not surprised with my decision.

"That's his call. I'm not gonna tell him what to do." And it's true. He may be my best friend, and someone I regard as a brother, but I'm not going to hold it against him if he chooses to continue working for Victor.

"Okay. Well, I'll settle everything at this end. Do you want me to sell the house?" he asks. Roger and Leah's house; the house I've lived in for most of my life. The house Victor helped me save when the bank was about to foreclose.

"No, I'll deal with it. And Vic?"

"Yes?"

"Gibbons is dead. Evans shot him," I reply stoically.

He scoffs down the phone. "I know. Have you not seen the news this morning?"

"No."

"Well, it might pay to read the newspaper. It seems that your father is at it again, hogging the limelight and seeking hero status. I'll be in touch, Brax." The line goes dead.

And that is that.

I'm now unemployed, and to be honest, I've never been more relieved in my life.

"Sweetheart, have you collected the paper today?" I ask Elle as I walk back into the bedroom. She's lying down on our bed, reading one of her romance novels that I love teasing her about.

"Yeah, it's on the coffee table with the mail," she says, looking up at me with those soft green eyes of hers. God I love this girl, and I'm the lucky bastard that gets to keep her.

I rush to the living room, grabbing the paper off the top of the pile, and open it up. The headline screams at me, "Michael Evans Shoots Kidnap Suspect After Freeing Victim."

Well, f**k!

Devon and I are having breakfast at the campus cafe when I see a man in a table beside us open his newspaper. I almost choke when I see Michael Evans' face staring back at me with the headline, "Michael Evans Shoots Kidnap Suspect After Freeing Victim."

"Hey D, grab a paper for me, will you?" I ask as he stuffs a breakfast muffin into his mouth.

"Dude, grab it yourself!" he mumbles with mouth full of food.

"I think you'll want to see this one," I say, raising an eyebrow.

"Fuck. Okay, okay." He gets up and grabs a paper from the counter and opens it. I watch in slow motion as his mouth drops open in shock. He walks back to our table, paper in front his face as he reads. He bumps into a few chairs on the way, apologizing but not able to rip his eyes away from the story.

He takes his seat opposite me and drops the paper. His eyes are wide, his look full of disbelief.

"Damn," he says, shaking his head slowly. "The old man is still as slippery as always."

"Seems that way. Any idea what happened?" I ask. We were all too wiped last night to talk about anything. And to be honest, the intensity of what went down, of how Brax lost his shit at Gibbons, beating him within an inch of his life, and how Elle pulled him out of it, all hit us hard. When I saw Evans' car pull in, and that he was driving, not one of his henchmen, I knew shit was about to get real.

The look on Brax's face when he got into the car and said "get the f**k out of here" said it all. I've kept my distance from them this morning. They need time and space to deal with the ordeal. I just hope that now that Gibbons has been taken out, and Brimstone is being charged, this whole threat has been neutralized. All the main suspects have been dealt with, even Evans' in his own way. Although, I'm still uneasy about that creeper in the black Honda. He's been conspicuously absent of late, and that doesn't sit right with me for some reason.

We passed three police cars on our way back last night, so there is no way Evans could have covered anything up in that time. But yet again, Evans is like Teflon; I'm starting to believe that nothing will ever stick to that man. The newspaper headline says it all, really. Evans stepped up for his sons, covered their asses, and admitted to killing Gibbons. But in true Evans' style, he turned it around to make himself look good. But this is the closest he's even come to redeeming himself for the sins of his past and present, especially the things he'd done to his own sons.

"We need to check in with the police, man. Probably make statements to explain what went down and shit. Tie up any loose ends so that we're not pulled into this shit storm," he says, his expression emotionless.

"Good plan, bro. I'll get the bill, then we'll head over to Elle's. I wanna check in with her and see how she is," I add. "I think we all might need a debrief, too."

"Sweet," he replies, folding the paper and putting it under his arm as he stands and walks towards the door. I swear to god that man looks like he's just had the weight of the world lifted from his shoulders. And if anyone deserves it, Devon and Brax do.

Brax has remained quite calm this morning, despite the newest revelations from his past. He's surprised me. Sylvie was understandably upset about his reaction, and his anger, but was also relieved to hear that I was safe and relatively unscathed following the kidnapping.

"Darlin', I think you should come see this!" I hear Brax shout out to me. I hop off the bed and make my way to the lounge, finding him sitting on the couch with the morning newspaper spread open in front of him, a large photo of his father, Michael Evans, on the front.

"What happened?" I stare at the photo of Brax's father. The resemblance is so obvious now. Those ice blue eyes and their brooding stare are unmistakable.

"Evans is being hailed a hero. This report says that he shot Gibbons in self-defense just moments before the cops arrived last night. Apparently, Gibbons was armed and had his weapon drawn," he adds, looking up at her with a raised brow.

He continues to read the article. "Apparently, Gary Gibbons was shot twice and died instantly. After being questioned, Evans gave a press conference this morning outlining exactly how he came to save billionaire heiress Elle Halliwell, and subdue her kidnapper long enough for her to run to safety," he explains with a frown.

"Babe, he did that? For you?" I sit down beside him, shell shocked. Just twelve hours ago, that man, the one who snatched me from the restaurant and held me captive for three hours, was alive. And now he's dead. For what? What did he achieve by taking me? He told me he needed money, but as much as I tried he wouldn't let me call anyone to get it for him. He was desperate, he told me as much. He was so unsure of himself, like he was second guessing his actions. He told me about his wife, how she'd left him because his gambling debts had cost them their house. How he worked with Harry Brimstone to monitor me, and how when Harry was arrested, he snapped. He told me everything in those two hours before Brax and Shay barged into the room and knocked him out cold.

"He didn't need to die, Brax," I say, my voice wavering.

"I know, but Evans plays by his own set of rules. I've never agreed with them, but I'm not gonna say that I'm sorry about this, Elle. I can't." He drops his head to lean it against mine. "It's over, Elle. You're safe now. No one can hurt you," he says as my tears start to fall.

It's really over. I'm safe.

Thank god for that.

We sit there, just holding each other and dealing with the information overload that was our morning. I feel Brax's phone vibrate against my hip. He reaches down and grabs it, reading the message while I look over his shoulder.

Shay: Heading up, bro. Got news.

Brax: Me too. Shit you won't believe, and the best news in the world.

Brax stands up and unlocks the door, opening it and letting Shay and Devon into the apartment.

"Babe, how you doing today? You're face looks worse today," Shay says with a grimace.

"Are you saying I look like hell, Shay?" I say with a wry smile.

"You're gorgeous as always, just a little rough around the edges." He flashes me that full watt grin of his, the one he knows will get him out of anything, and I can't help but giggle.

"Something like that," I reply, grinning back at him.

"Hey, you. Be nice to my fiance," Brax says jokingly to Shay, who looks stunned.

"Holy crap! Congrats, guys," he says, pulling both Brax and I in for a group hug.

"Can't. Breathe," I say, my voice squeaking.

Shay pulls away, laughing. "Sorry, babe. I'm so happy for you guys. But you won't get me wearing a monkey suit, alright?"

Devon steps forward and shakes Brax's hand. "Awesome news, bro. Happy for you."

Brax sits back down and pulls me into his lap. His huge smile is becoming contagious to everyone else in the room.

"You've seen the newspaper, then," Devon remarks, pointing to the newspaper still open on the table.

"Yeah. Didn't see that one coming," Brax replies. "Surprised the f**k out of me, to be honest. I thought for sure he'd get away, or throw one of us under the bus."

"I think it's his way of making amends. Like you said Brax, it's redemption," I add, looking up at Devon.

"Redemption," he says slowly, letting the thought sink in. "Never thought of it that way."

"So, where to from here?" Shay butts in.

"I don't know. Brimstone isn't going anywhere until after his arraignment, Evans is sitting in a cell, and Gibbons is dead," Brax says.

"And the shooter?" Devon asks. "Who ordered that?"

The boys are all silent while they mull it over. "That's the six million dollar question isn't it?" Brax replies.

"What about the black Honda?" I ask, trying to help.

I feel Brax's arms tighten around me as he replies, "We haven't seen him since the night of the shooting, but I don't think that means we can rule him out. He could be connected to Brimstone, or even Gibbons for all we know."

"Until we catch him, or he slips up, we won't know. That's if we even see him again," Shay states.

"Okay, so until we know otherwise, we keep alert," Brax says, earning murmurs of approval from the boys.

"Well, I don't know about you guys, but I'm starving," Shay pipes up in the background.

"Dude, you just ate like half an hour ago," Devon says laughing.

"All this drama makes me hungry, what can I say?" Shay shrugs, making us all crack up.

Brax looks at me and I nod, silently urging him to tell the boys the rest of our news. "I rang the boss this morning and resigned. Effectively immediately"

"What? And you were going to tell me this when?" Shay asks, not hiding his astonishment.

"It only just happened. Turns out he's my uncle. Sylvia Brimstone, nee Robinson, was actually Sylvia Bertorelli by birth," he explains to Devon and Shay who both have totally blank looks on their faces. Nobody could have predicted this too close for comfort family connection in a million years.

"Shit!" Shay says slowly. It is a lot to take in, but Shay seems genuinely shocked. "What about my job?"

"It's your call. You know that wherever Elle goes, I go. But I was thinking that this could be our chance to go out on our own like we talked about. Start our own surveillance business," Brax says.

"I'm so down with that, man. You know I've been waiting for you to make the call."

"I'm in too. If you'll have me, that is," Devon says. I'm shocked at the uncertainty in his voice. He's always been so full of bravado and confidence.

Brax looks at his brother and tilts his head, a slow smile spreading over his face. "Hell, yeah, D. Sounds good."

"Well," I say, standing to my feet, "All this man love has made this girl hungry. Who wants a sub?" I hear growls of approval behind me as I walk towards the kitchen.

I think I'm going to like my new life, without drama, without danger.

But with Brax, Shay, and Devon in my life, I can't say it's ever going to be dull.

23

I wake up to an empty bed again. I quickly pull my robe on, and wander out into the apartment looking for Brax. I find him nose deep in my laptop.

Leaning against the doorframe of the living room, I watch him. He keeps smirking, then wrinkling his nose. It's damn cute, but I'm curious as to what he's looking at.

"What are you doing?" I say, startling him.

"What are you doing, standing there watching me like my own personal stalker? Come here."

He smiles as I walk over to him. Just as I'm about to sit down beside him, he grabs my hips and hoists me over his lap so that I'm straddling his thighs, causing me to shriek.

He sits there looking at me, slowly rubbing his hands up and down my arms, giving me goosebumps. "I've made plans for us today," he says quietly. He leans forward and places a series of soft kisses from my breastbone up my neck until he reaches the corner of my mouth. "Good plans," he adds before nibbling at my bottom lip. I sigh into his mouth, slowly licking his lips as he teases me.

"If it involves making love to me, that's not a new plan," I giggle as he moves his mouth back down my throat, tracing circles with his tongue, and forcing me to whimper in satisfaction.

He pulls back and looks at me through lust filled eyes. "Well, that is always planned, but today I'm taking you out. We're going to have a normal day. Just you and me going out into the big bad world. One day where we are just Brax and Elle, a newly engaged couple wanting to see all the sights the big city has to offer. What do you say?"

"I'd say it sounds perfect. So, what were you looking at on the computer?" I ask, moving to turn around and look at the screen. Brax's hand shoots out quickly, shutting the laptop before I can see what he was looking at. Hmm, what is this man of mine up to now? I look at him and quirk my brow which just makes him laugh at me.

"Nope, you're not ruining my surprise for you. But I will say, you're gonna love it." He leans forward, grabbing my arms and holding them behind my back. "Now, where were we..."

He proceeds to consume me, right there on the couch, and I freaking love it.

We catch the 10 a.m. train into New York City, arriving just after eleven at Grand Central Station. On our way to the train station, I had a feeling I was being watched. I couldn't shake it. But whenever I looked around, I couldn't see anyone. I didn't mention it to Brax because I love his idea of having a normal day out, just the two of us. With the threats against me all but gone now, he can relax a bit now. He doesn't need to be 'on duty' and on alert 24/7. He can just be Brax, the man I love and the man I've agreed to marry.

Exiting the subway after we disembark, we walk up to street level and are immediately assaulted with the hustle and bustle of this huge city. All I can see is a sea of people and cars, busily going about their day. I love it! I look up at Brax. He's watching me warily, but he relaxes when he sees my huge smile beaming back at him.

"Where are we heading first?" I ask loudly, speaking over the traffic noise that surrounds us.

He leans down to my ear. "We have an errand to run first. Something I need to pick up, something you're missing, then I thought we'd grab some lunch and have a picnic in Central Park." He's got a huge smile on his face. I already like my normal day with Brax, and it has only just started.

He grabs my hand, and we start walking out of the way of the hectic pedestrians who seem to be rushing the sidewalk.

"So, where are we going?"

"Fifth Avenue," he says emotionless, like he hasn't just said the two words every woman wants to hear.

"Um, Brax," I say, coming to an immediate stop in the middle of the sidewalk. "If we go to Fifth Avenue now, my black card will hate me, you'll get sick of shopping, and we won't get anything else done. I mean, c'mon, it's Fifth Avenue."

He has the audacity to wink at me. He drops his head and kisses my forehead, wrapping his arm around my waist and pulling me in close against him.

"Sweetheart, I'd love to go shopping on Fifth Avenue with you, but today I'm on a mission. Your mission, should you choose to accept it, is to trust that your future husband will show you a good time in the big city. Can you do that?" he says with a slight curl of his lip. He's trying so hard not to laugh at me as I start pouting.

"Okay, but one day you will bring me back here for a full day of shopping. Deal?" I raise one brow, issuing the challenge.

"Deal." He brushes his lips against mine, almost caressing me with his touch. "And since we've kissed on it, there's no going back now."

After a few more blocks of walking, and me stopping to ogle the displays in the shop windows, we come to a stop outside a familiar landmark building, the name "Tiffany and Co." above the door. Any girl's dream come true.

I look over at Brax, and he has the most telling smirk on his face. "Brax," I say in a low, warning tone. "Why are we here?"

Pulling me through the doors and into the decadent building, he doesn't answer me. Instead, he walks over to a glass counter filled with the most spectacular diamond rings and pendants you have ever seen.

"Hello, sir. Can I help you today?" the older saleswoman asks him.

"Yes. I have a package to pick up for Brax James." He grabs his wallet from his jeans pocket, pulling out his credit card.

"Brax, no! You don't need to buy me anything," I say, reaching for my diamond necklace that Brax fixed and gave back to me yesterday. "This necklace says everything to me, you know that."

"Yes, and I'm glad you love it, sweetheart. But I'm a man of my word and I needed to fix a little problem we have."

"Here you go, sir. Would you like to view the item first?" she politely asks Brax, who shakes his head and hands over his card.

After signing the receipt, the salesperson takes the small blue box with its trademark white satin ribbon wrap and places it in a teal blue paper bag. "Enjoy. I wish you a lifetime of happiness," she adds with a genuine smile as she hands the bag to Brax.

Walking back out into the New York air, Brax has a smug look on his face.

"Now, we're going to take a slight detour, then we'll get some lunch. There is something that you can't come to New York City without experiencing," he says. I can't get over how relaxed he is. He's like a different man, a better man, and I didn't think that was possible. We walk a few more blocks, reminding me how glad I am that I wore flats today, then we turn and head down towards Times Square.

"Oh my god, you're taking me to Times Square!" I say excitedly. Brax chuckles and pulls me close to his side.

"I told you, darlin', I want to take you places and experience new things. We're starting with Times Square. I wanna create a memory with you."

I start walking faster, the excitement of being in the same place where I've watched Dick Clark and the dropping of the Times Square Ball on TV every New Year's Eve overwhelming me.

"Slow down, babe. Where's the fire?" He says to me as I pull him along by his hand.

"I'm just excited to see it, that's all."

The closer we get, the more awestruck I become. You see the photos, the images on the television of what Times Square is like, but until you experience it first-hand you really have no idea.

Brax stops walking when we reach the Duffy memorial. He turns and stares at me with those baby blue eyes of his. Without warning, he drops to one knee, still holding my outstretched hand. My eyes fill with tears as it dawns on me what this is all about.

"Before I met you, my life was full of empty days and lonely nights. We may not have met under the best of circumstances, but as much as you say that I taught you how to love and feel again, you have taught me what unconditional love is. I promise to love you, today, tomorrow, and forever. Will you make me the happiest man..." he looks down, trying to compose himself. Looking back up at me, I see his eyes glistening with emotion." And be my wife?"

I get down on my knees with him, and bring my hands up to his face, wrapping my hands around his jaw, now unable to hold back my free flowing tears. "I was nothing until you made me whole again, Braxton James. I can't wait to love you for the rest of your life. Yes!" I say before crushing my mouth against his as we clash teeth and tongues, unable to get close enough to each other.

Brax tears himself away long enough to open the Tiffany's bag and pull out the blue ring box. He opens it and pulls out a sparkling platinum diamond infinity engagement ring, making me gasp. I hold my hand out to him as he slips the perfectly sized ring onto my left hand ring finger.

"Oh, Brax, it's beautiful," I say before kissing him once more.

A few people are clapping and cheering around us. I move my head away and look around to see that we've drawn a small crowd with our proposal. Holding my hand out, I marvel at my ring as it sparkles in the afternoon sun. It's the exact same design as my necklace, the infinity symbol lined with diamonds that wrap around my finger.

Just like my necklace, it is breathtaking.

I start giggling, dropping my head into Brax's shoulder in embarrassment. Of course we are making a scene in the middle of Time's Square. That is just Brax.

God, I wished I'd had the forethought to get us a hotel room for the night. I can't imagine a better way to celebrate Elle agreeing to marry me for the second time in as many days, but the whole New York day trip was a last minute thing. I can't wait until we get home and I can be deep inside her again, making love to her once more.

I stand back up and pull Elle with me. "You've just made my entire life."

"I love you so much, Brax. I'm going to remember this moment forever," she says, her smile bright enough to light up the whole city.

Still holding her in my arms, and not wanting to let her go, I hear her stomach rumble.

"I need to get my lady some lunch, I think," I say with a smirk.

I see the slight blush creep up her cheeks. "I'd say so too."

"Right. Central Park, here we come," I say, kissing her hand before starting to walk towards the road, throwing my hand out to hail a yellow cab that's driving past. Once the driver stops, I open the back door and usher Elle into the seat, following behind her before closing the door.

"Where to?" the voice of the cab driver calls out.

"Central Park Zoo, please," I reply, hearing Elle gasp beside me.

Looking over, I love how happy she looks. This is Elle without a care in the world. She looks at peace, and I'll live for her to look like this every day. With all of the danger behind us, I hope our lives can only continue to get better from here on in.

24

After an afternoon at Central Park Zoo where we walked hand in hand around the enclosures, not having to worry about who could see us, or who could be after us, Brax surprised me with a romantic picnic right by the Bethesda Fountain which we finished up by lying on our backs on the grass, watching the clouds float by while we just held each other. It's been a long time since we've just been able to relax and enjoy each other in public, and I absolutely love that Brax gave me this day.

Now we're back at Grand Central, awaiting our train trip home. Today has been unreal. Not once has Brax looked over his shoulder, checked his phone, or even furrowed his brows. He's been happy and smiling the whole day long. I can't imagine how hard it has been, knowing that someone wanted to hurt me, and his job being to stop that from happening.

We're waiting for the 7 p.m. train when Brax takes a seat, pulling me down on to his lap and burying his face in my hair.

"Thank you for today," he murmurs, kissing my head.

"I should be thanking you. You gave me a second proposal to cherish." I lean away from him so I can see his face. His eyes soften the moment I look at him. "You deserve everything the world can offer, Elle. I'll spend the rest of my life trying to show you that."

"I don't want anything else, Brax, I just want you," I say, kissing his lips softly and pulling away. "I only need you."

"I'm glad because you're stuck with me now," he says with a grin as he stands up, pushing me off his lap in the process. "You're also kinda stuck with Shay and Devon now too. If you didn't love me already, I'm afraid those two would have you running away." He winks at me and I crack up laughing.

"I love all of you. You've all done so much for me already. I wouldn't be here without the three of you."

He looks down at me and smiles, a genuine, heart-warming smile that melts my heart. "Now, I'm gonna kiss the shit out of you, then we're going to get on that train and go home where you'll be lucky if I make it through the front door before I have my wicked way with you." He snakes his hand around my waist, moving it down until he's gripping my ass. "Because God knows I'm struggling to keep my hands off you now."

Seeing the train pull up behind me, I decide to ramp up the teasing. Still wrapped up in Brax's arms, I pull myself close to him until our bodies are pushed together, shoulder to pelvis, with nothing but a few layers of clothing between us. I pull his head down so that my mouth is right by his ear.

"I don't think I'll be able to wait that long," I say huskily, my voice laced with desire and want.

"Damn," Brax mutters under his breath as he takes my hand and leads me into the last train car. Not surprisingly, the only car that's pretty much empty for this time of night.

I turn to face Brax, walking backwards into the train car. "Who's going to break first, fiance of mine?" I ask with a smirk. Memories of the last time we played this teasing game come flooding back.

"Oh, I'll be the first to admit that I have no will power when it comes to you, Miss Halliwell. No will power at all." He stalks towards me, getting closer with every step.

"Well, it seems you might have a problem with self-control Mr. James," I say in my most seductive sounding voice, relishing in the frustration painted on his face.

Looking down at his now tight pants, I can't help but giggle. "But I'm sure I can help you with the most pressing problem." I turn and run down to the end of the train car, no missing the replying growl from Brax as he sits down beside me.

I've never been one of those guys who can't control themselves. I've always been able to keep it under wraps until we're behind closed doors and alone. But seeing Elle beckon me with her finger, and giggling at my tented pants, breaks my resolve. I'm going to have her on his train, one way or another.

Realizing that there are only two other people in the train car, both sitting near the front, Elle leads me to the rear of the car. I sit down next to a now glowing Elle and can't hold back the growl at the back of my throat. She's hiked her denim skirt up to mid-thigh, and the silky smooth skin beckons me, but I know I need to wait. It's the wait that is going to kill me; the anticipation of knowing what that skin feels like under my hands, the way she shudders when I drag my lips against her body. Just knowing that she is feeling this too has me harder than steel right now.

Soon enough, the train starts moving, and the rattle of metal against metal soothing as the train picks up speed and leaves the city behind. I grab Elle's hand and entwine our fingers, placing them in her lap. My thumb starts its automatic rhythm, stroking across her knuckles, tracing circles on the soft skin, fantasizing that my hands were somewhere else, caressing her.

The dark night welcomes us as the train reaches ground level, the passing countryside whooshing past. The train remains bright, the fluorescent lights illuminating the whole car. I stand up, shrugging off my coat before taking my seat and placing the coat over Elle's lap. She looks over at me, eyes full of confusion, until she feels the palm of my hand touch her knee under the coat, then slowly inch my way up her parted thighs. I turn towards her, leaning in to kiss her bare shoulder, raising my eyes to hers as she gasps at the first touch of my fingers to her core through her silk panties. I watch her eyes flare as the sensations take hold of her and I move her panties to the side.

I smile against her neck as I start licking and nipping her skin, unable to get enough of this gorgeous girl of mine. The vibrations of the train carriage match my fingers as they flick across her sensitive center. My fingers become slick as I move them. Elle moves her hand underneath the coat, searching for my hard length that she knows is waiting for her. She moulds the shape of it through my jeans, her simple touch enough to make me shudder. Not wasting any more time, she unclasps the top button and unzips me, pushing her hand inside my boxers and wrapping her fingers firmly around my shaft. Just feeling her grip on me is almost enough.

I feel like a god damn teenager.

Slipping one finger inside of her, I feel her grip me from inside. Her warm heat smothers my hand as my palm rubs up against her with every thrust. She speeds up her strokes on me, flicking the pad of her thumb against my tip, and sending a ripple through my whole body. Adding another finger, I feel her clench around me, and know she's getting close. Her free hand grabs my head, pulling it towards her as our mouths clash and our tongues stroke against each other with unbridled hunger as we both soar towards the edge. I hear a man cough from the front of the train. I look over at Elle, and her eyes are full of amusement right up until I stroke her inner wall. Her eyes suddenly close, and her face is a picture of pleasure.

We're in our own little world now, not caring that we're in public, in a train car, with other passengers nearby. It's just us, giving each other the release we've been craving all day long. I pull my mouth away slightly, murmuring against her lips, "You feel so good, baby. God, I wish I could be inside you right now."

"Soon....baby..... ahh," she spits out before attacking my mouth, stifling her cries as she climaxes under my touch. It gets too much for me, and I'm soon following her over, falling apart as she strokes me.

"Damn," I say, resting my head back against the seat after attempting to tidy ourselves up, something I definitely won't be able to do until I'm back at home and showered. Elle leans over, resting her head on my shoulder as I wrap my arm around her.

"I can't believe we did that," she says quietly.

"I can. Sweetheart, you astound me, every time. It just keeps getting better."

"You've got the rest of your life to get used to it, Brax."

"Damn right I do," I growl.

Elle has agreed to be my wife, and I can't wait to start our new life together.

With Shay and Devon working with me, nothing could be better.

I saw Elise and that boyfriend of hers leave their apartment just after nine this morning. They looked like they didn't have a care in the world. I haven't seen Elise that happy before; she had the biggest smile on her face. I want to make her that happy, but know that it's impossible.

What I have to do to her will not make her happy. It will destroy her, then destroy me in the process, but it's my life's mission. I've never not finished a job. I was promised a lot of money to kill Elle's father, but I wanted to kill the whole damn lot of them. I got trigger happy, what can I say?

The man who ordered the hit insisted that I only kill Benjamin. He said that it would be enough to drive the company's value up. He never contacted me after the murders, not once. In fact, all he told me was that his name was Vic. He was owed a ton of money, and there was no way it was going to get repaid without the father being killed, so I took it upon myself to kill the whole damn family.

Call it killing for sport.

The next day, it was all over the papers that Elise had survived, and I knew I had to finish the job somehow. It has haunted me ever since. My head has been filled with Elise, and how I can claim her; end her life, and fulfill my mission.

How I can finally get some peace.

I grab my gun from the car's center console, stroking the cold hard steel as I grip it tightly, my nails biting into my flesh, and my knuckles turning white. I remember what it felt like to hold the barrel against her father's head, watching the bullet fire straight into him. The exhilaration I felt, the rush I got from ending someone's life consuming me.

Our time has come. I've watched and waited for too long. It's now or never. The next chance I get, I'm going to take it. I f**ked up my last chance. If that friend of hers hadn't tackled me into the wall, I would have been able to take the final shot.

But I know the end is near. Elle's time has finally come, and that boyfriend of hers can go down with her. Whatever the f**king cost, they're going to take their last breath because of me.

And I can't f**king wait.

25

We got home around 8.30 p.m. last night and immediately jumped in the shower. Brax was apparently a bit messy after our train ride. I honestly couldn't stop giggling at him as he winced and grumbled about feeling like a 'bloody teenager'.

I can't stop looking at the sparking ring on my left hand. It's gorgeous, not totally over the top, but beautiful, elegant, and totally something I would choose. I can't believe that, at twenty years of age, I'm engaged, but I wouldn't have it any other way. The only thing I miss is having the opportunity for my father to walk me down the aisle, and my mother and sister there with me.

Picking up the phone, I dial Aunt Sylvia's number, having asked Brax earlier if he minded me ringing her and telling her our engagement news.

"Hello?" she answers.

"Aunt Sylvie, its Elle. How are you?" I ask happily.

"I'm good. How are you, dear?"

I'm bursting with excitement, and I know she can tell from the tone of my voice. "I'm very happy! Both of us are, and I wanted to ring and tell you why."

"Elle, what happened?"

"Brax asked me to marry him, twice!" I exclaim with a huge smile on my face. Brax walks into the kitchen wearing nothing but a towel, and my mouth salivates at the droplets of water that are still clinging to his taut chest.

He looks at me ogling him, and smirks as he walks over to the refrigerator and pours himself a glass of water. I'm totally distracted by him when I hear Sylvia say my name in my ear.

I shake my head, trying to rid my mind of the perverted thoughts filling my head. "Sorry, Aunt Sylvie. What was that?"

"I said that I'd like to give you guys a nice romantic weekend away together at my house in the Hamptons. Because it was given to me in the divorce, it hasn't been frozen like the rest of Harry's assets. So if you'd like it, it is free this weekend for you" she explains.

"Oh, that would be fantastic, Brax, Aunt Sylvie wants to give us her Hampton's house for the weekend as an engagement gift."

"Wow, um okay. Yeah, that would be awesome" he stutters, his eyes wide with shock. I can tell that he's still unsure how to deal with Sylvia.

"We'd love that Aunt Sylvie, thank you so much" I gush down the phone to her. After a few more general pleasantries, we end the call. I turn around and look at Brax who is still wearing just a towel and leaning against the kitchen counter, looking at me.

"That is an awesome gift, hon. I am really grateful. It's just I'm not sure how it's going to be with Sylvia yet."

I melt inside. This man of mine is finally showing a chink in his good looking armor. I walk over to him and lean into his chest, melting my body into his. "I know, Brax, and I love you for that. It shows me that you're human." My eyes soften when I look up at him. "Thank you for accepting her gift. I can't wait to spend a whole weekend alone with you. I love Devon and Shay to bits, but two days of just you and me in the Hamptons sounds like paradise."

"I'd do anything for you, Elle, just to see that sparkle in your eye and that gorgeous smile on her face. Anything and everything, every single moment for the rest of your life," he adds, bending down and kissing me, thrusting his tongue into my mouth, and putting his words into action. I melt into his arms, my knees buckling as he plunders my mouth. He pulls back ever so slightly, touching his forehead against mine.

"It's you and me, darlin'. Forever."

After telling Shay and Devon of our plans, and giving them the task of looking for office space for the new company to work out of, we pack the car and leave for Sylvia Brimstone's Hampton's house just after lunch.

Of course, the boys come to see us off. They were ribbing Brax for finally becoming an honest man and being off the market. I love seeing them all acting up, teasing each other like three brothers who have spent a lifetime together. Of course, this has not been the case, but seeing them now you would never know that. After giving the boys a good bye hug, and making sure they know where we're going and how to reach us if they need to, we set off for our romantic engagement weekend away.

On our way down, I couldn't help but check the rear view mirror regularly, looking for a tail. I know we don't have any threats against Elle anymore, but it is habit. I've been watching Elle's back for so long, it has become second nature to always be on alert. I didn't see anything or anyone suspicious, so I was a lot more relaxed by the time we reached the house.

I've always had a bad feeling about the guy in the black Honda. He gave us so much grief a few months ago, then disappeared after the shooting. Given that we still don't know anything about him, especially who he is and what he wanted with Elle, or with me for that matter. It seems weird that we haven't seen him again. I doubt that he would give up so easily after spending so long stalking us, even following us out of town when we were heading to Atlanta at New Years. All the evidence points to him giving up, though, so I hope for his sake, and Elle's, that he has.

We unpack our bags and go for a walk along the beach. We decide to go into town, and end up having dinner at a small Ma and Pa seafood restaurant.

After dinner, we get back to the car, and I see that both rear tires are flat. Knowing that it is not possible for both perfect condition tires to go flat at the same time, in the space of an hour while we were having dinner, I'm immediately on alert.

"Sweetheart, I need you to get into the car for a minute. I'm going to ring Triple-A and get a tow to the house and call Shay to come help us out in the morning." I say, unlocking the car and ushering her inside. Once the car door is shut behind I her, I pull out my phone, dialing Shay and scanning the street around us for anything out of the ordinary.

"Brax, what the f**k are you doing calling me? You're supposed to be knee deep in your girl" he says as he answers my call.

"Hi to you too. We've just got back from dinner to find two slashed rear tires on the Mustang. I have a bad f**king feeling about this. I need you to come down here ASAP because I'd like to have some backup."

"Dude, you sure? Because Elle will be pissed if D and I come crashing your romantic weekend." Fucking hell, he actually sounds scared of Elle.

"She'll be fine. We can have another romantic weekend, but I can't do that if she's not f**king breathing. Please, man. I'd feel better having you close by." I scan the road around us again, but apart from a few cars driving past, there is nothing suspicious.

"Okay, B, we'll get sorted and leave in about half an hour. Should get there a little after one. All good?"

"Thanks, man. I'll owe you one," I say, ending the call.

I dial Triple-A, and after giving our details and location, I'm told that a tow truck is on its way and should be there within the hour. Now we just have to sit tight and wait.

Half an hour later, Elle and I are sitting in the cab of a tow truck, my car being pulled behind us, and the driver drops us off at Sylvia's house.

"Wait here. I just want to check the house out first, just to be on the safe side," I tell Elle.

"Please be careful, babe."

"I will. You just lock yourself in the car and wait until I come back to get you, okay?" I say, hoping that I'm being overly cautious over nothing.

After she's safely locked in my car, I move to the front door and unlock it. Pulling my gun out from my hip, I turn the lights on in the foyer, scanning the entrance for anything suspicious. I check the kitchen, the formal dining, the living room, and the rest of the downstairs area before heading up the stairs, making sure I turn lights on wherever I go.

When I'm happy that the rooms are all clear, and can breathe a sigh of relief, I head back down the stairs and out to my car where I see Elle staring out the window at me, a smile growing on her face.

She opens the door and hops out. "All okay?"

"Yeah. Sorry about that, but I just wanted to be careful. I don't like that both tires went flat at the same time. Seems too coincidental, but it might just be a case of bad luck. Let's get you inside."

I lock the car and hold onto Elle's hand, leading her back inside the house. I walk around the house, turning all the lights off again before turning towards our bedroom. Elle stops in front of the master bedroom door, putting her back against the door. I move in towards her, wedging my thigh between her legs as I twist my fingers in her hair and pull her head towards me, kissing her slowly, taking my time to nibble her bottom lip and trace her mouth with my tongue.

"I think I need to take you to bed, Mr. James," she says, her voice low and full of seductive promise.

"I'm a foregone conclusion, darlin'. You can take me anywhere you please," I say as I pull her aside and reach down, twisting the door handle and pushing the door open.

The last thing I remember before falling down to the ground is hearing Elle's scream echo through the night as my vision goes dark and I'm knocked unconscious.

26

They say life can change in the blink of an eye.

Or, in this case, the push of a trigger.

One moment I'm huddling over Elle, preparing to take a bullet and die to protect her. The next I see my best friend bursting into the room and tackling the man we now know to be Silas. The man who has held us hostage for the past two hours, torturing us with his words, his memories, his intentions.

I came to about ten minutes after the f**ker knocks me out cold. My first thought as my head cleared was whether Elle was okay. I try to sit up, but can't due to the rope tightly bound around my wrists connected to the headboard of the bed. Turning my head to my right, I come face to face with Elle's wide, fear filled eyes, her cheeks wet from tears. She is also tied up.

Looking around the room, I soon see who has Elle so terrified. It's the same blonde haired creeper who she confronted in the black Honda all those months ago. He f**king followed us down here.

"You're going to f**king regret this, ass**le," I spit out, my anger quickly rising.

"I see you've decided to join us in this trip down memory lane, Brax. You don't know me, but you soon will. See, Elle and I have been getting to know each other. Well, she's been getting to know me since I already know everything about her," he replies, his voice high and excitable.

This f**ker is psychotic, f**k!

Elle sobs beside me and I instinctually try to comfort her, but all I succeed in doing is rubbing the rope tighter against me. "Mother f**ker! If you have done anything to her, you'll not live to even breathe the same air!" I turn to Elle. "Babe, you just need to block him out, don't listen."

"Now, where were we? Oh yes, the night I decided to dedicate my life to finishing the job. The night when I killed not only your father, like I was paid so handsomely to do, but also ended the lives of your beautiful mother and little sister."

Elle gasps again, and my body aches to cover her ears. She doesn't need to hear any of this. I've read the police report on the murders. They weren't just killed, they were tortured. Stuff so sick that you wonder how a human being can actually do such horrific things, especially to a little girl.

"You look angry, Brax. Did I say something to upset you?" he says calmly, his voice almost whiny as he moves about the room with his handgun waving around haphazardly.

"You're upsetting her," I say sternly.

Without warning, the man gets in my face, breathing heavily as he stares straight at me with his ice cold eyes. "I'm upsetting her? I'm not the ass**le that left her alone. She didn't leave her apartment for days. I took my chance, tried to end her pain, but that idiot friend of yours knocked me out before I could end her suffering. She should've died that night!"

He is spitting the words in my face by the end of his rant. I can feel Elle's body shaking violently beside me now.

He turns his back and walks around the bed again, leaning down towards Elle. I try and roll my legs over hers as if I have a chance of putting myself between them. "Get your mother f**king crazy hands away from her!" I yell.

"Temper, temper, Brax. Oh, yes. I forgot about my story. Let's start from the beginning, shall we. Before we reach the end, together."

Elle lets out a painful cry again. This will break her, even if we do get out of this alive. I need to do something, anything. I try to gently move my wrists again, but the rope digs in further with every twist, rubbing harshly against my skin.

"So, it started when a man approached me in a down and dirty bar in LA. Back then I was dealing drugs, crack mostly, feeding hookers' and pimps' habits all around Sunset. He said his name was Vic and that he needed to find a guy to do a job for him. The amount of cash he flashed around caught my eye so I-"

"Vic? Victor?" I snap at him. "Fucking Victor Bertorelli?"

"Ah, yes. That sounds like him. Lots of money, too much anger, huge axe to grind with Benjamin Halliwell."

"Holy f**king shit! You're a lying bastard! Vic would never order a hit on women and children!" I twist and turn. This ass**le is spouting venomous lies so vicious that he needs to be shut up for good.

"Oh my god," Elle gasps, the truth stabbing her like a knife. "Victor wanted my family killed?"

"Oh no, no, no. Just your father. Your sister and mother...well, they were just for fun. My fun, my amusement. But when I saw your empty room, the one you were meant to be sleeping in that night, I knew that I couldn't rest easy until you joined them. They're waiting for you, Elle."

Elle starts crying hysterically now. I can see her rocking on her side, and my heart breaks seeing what this vile man is doing to her. I've been in tough situations like this before. Ones that seem inevitable, impossible to come out of unscathed, but the moment when he lifts that cold, silver hand gun towards Elle as she cowers in the corner of our bed will forever be burned in my brain.

She's bound to the bedpost, no hope of escape, and whimpering as she looks me straight at me with her tear filled eyes. "I love you, Brax. I always will."

"Baby, no!" I shout as I move my torso in front of her, my left arm still bound to the headboard, not caring about the cable tie that is ripping through my skin. In this moment, my sole focus is getting any part of my body between that gun and my girl.

I know Shay and Devon can't be too far away. I silently pray that they can somehow get here quicker than is humanly possible, it's the only sliver of hope I have to hold on to, and any hope in a situation like this is something to live for. About an hour ago, I managed to text 911 to Shay behind my back before dropping my phone down the side of the bed, hoping like hell that the text actually went through, and he'll have called the police ahead of time.

Silas' eyes glaze over as he points the gun at Elle. It is like he is almost in a rapturous trance as he prepares to pull the trigger. Ever since I've come to, he's been spouting off words filled with hatred and obsession. Telling us how he's been waiting for this moment for four years. The stalking, the notes, the sick gifts and family mementos, all tricks in his arsenal. He wanted to scare her, to haunt her, to try and break her until he had the opportunity to take her. He told us all about following her, watching her, watching us. With every day that passed, the deeper his obsession with her became.

Looking at this desperate man, I know now that he has nothing to lose. He's set his end goal, and he doesn't care what happens to him. He wants his obsession to end, and he's plans on taking Elle and I down with him. Our only hope now is that Shay and Devon get here in time.

It all happens so quickly.

The flash of the gun blast, the thud of bodies as they hit the floor, the scream from Elle as she realizes what is happening...and the absolute horror of watching Shay burst into the room and tackle Silas with the gun still clutched in his hands.

"No!" I yell as I watch Silas and Shay fight for control of the gun on the floor.

They continue to struggle for a few minutes as they try to overpower the other, Shay never giving up as he tries to pry the gun from Silas' hands.

All of a sudden, there are flashing lights, filling the room. Streaming through the window, lighting up the trees surrounding the house...red and blue lights everywhere.

Silas continues to yell obscenities as he fights with Shay. 'You can't stop me!" he shouts. "This is her destiny, my destiny. We can be together, Elle. Together in heaven, with your parents. With your sister. She looked so peaceful as she slept, almost angelic."

I pull Elle tighter into my stretched body, murmuring reassuringly in her ear as she sobs into my side. "Block him out, sweetheart. Think of something good. Picture our walk along the beach today. Remember our normal day in the City. Focus on that."

I try to shield Elle from the horrific sight behind us. She does need to see this. She's been through enough in the past four years, and I don't want her haunted by what happens should this go horribly wrong.

I'm struck with fear, caught in no man's land; not being able to help, and not knowing if the help outside can get here quick enough to stop the inevitable.

Yet deep down in my soul I know that someone is going to die tonight. I'm just praying to god it's Silas.

My body goes rigid when I hear the handgun go off behind my back, the blast echoing through the room. The sudden deathly silence is broken when the gun goes off, again and again. Then, all I can hear is the thumping footsteps outside the room, in the hallway outside the bedroom door. I hear the front door of the cabin being barged open, the splintering of the wood unmistakable just as much as Devon's voice calling out my name.

This can't be happening.

It's my nightmare come true except Brax is sheltering me, his whole body draped over mine as he shields me from Silas' wrath.

I scream when I hear the gun go off. I know I haven't been shot; I could never forget the burning sensation when a bullet rips through you. I wrap my free hand around Brax's neck to make sure he's still alive. My fingers are on his pulse point as he lifts his eyes to mine, and his eyes are wide and full of fear as he stares at me, tears welling up in our eyes as we lock onto one another.

The deathly silence consuming the room fills me with dread because I know that no sound means no life. No sound means that Shay is down.

"I need you to close your eyes, baby," Brax whispers. "Don't you dare open them until I say," he says firmly, his voice dripping in sadness. Deep down, I know he's expecting the worst when he rolls over.

"Brax," I hear Shay rasp from the darkness. The constant flickering of red and blue outside of the window lights the room up slightly, but not enough to see anything clearly.

Brax rolls over, his arm still tied to the headboard.

I hear him gasp. "Shit, man," his voice cracks.

I squeeze my eyes tighter. Hearing Brax sound like that means I really don't want to see the scene behind us.

I roll over and see Silas with a bullet to his chest. He's on his back, his lifeless eyes wide open and staring at the ceiling, not moving. It was an instant kill; I can see the gun still in his hand. He must have gotten a shot off, though, because there were three shots.

I look over at Shay. "Shit, man." All I can see is blood gushing out from his abdomen. "It'll... be.... okay..." he splutters out, wincing in pain as the blood pools underneath him, but I can't reach him, I yank my wrist from the headboard, but it just makes the cable tie cut in further.

"I can't move!" I say angrily. I can't even go help him, stem the bleeding somehow. Give him a fighting chance like he just gave us.

"It's okay, Brax. It's my time," he rasps. I can see his chest rising and falling slowly, his breathing slowing down as his heart rate drops. He's not gonna make it. He's not gonna f**king make it.

And it's all my fault.

I reach my hand out again, just wanting to touch him. No one should die without being held by someone. "Grab my hand, Shay!" I shout in desperation, he barely lifts his hand before I grab on to it tight.

"Stay with me, bro! You fight this! Don't you f**king give up on me!" I shout at him as I see his eyes go half closed.

"She's waiting for me. I'll finally get to see her again, Brax. It's... my... time," he whispers, his voice getter weaker.

"Shay, you f**king stay with me! She will wait a little longer for you. Dammit, Shay! Fuck!" I feel his hand go limp in mine as he slips out of consciousness.

"Help! Somebody help! Man down! Fucking help! Someone!" I yell as police storm through the bedroom door. I feel the tears stinging my cheeks.

"Stay still!" I hear a man shout to me as he reaches down and takes Silas' pulse.

"Gone," he says before moving over to Shay's lifeless body. He leans down to feel his pulse, shaking his head to his colleague before he sees me clutching on to Shay's limp hand.

"You need to let him go," the officer says as I shake my head, unable to talk. I watch him lean down and hold two fingers to Shay's neck again, shaking his head as he carefully rises back to his feet. "He's gone, sir. You have to let him go now," he says again, his low calming tone pissing me off.

"No! Help him! He's not gone. He can't be gone!" I shout at him, my voice losing strength. I hear Elle sob loudly behind me.

I look back over at her. She lifts her head and opens her eyes, fixing her gaze on me, tears streaming down her face.

"He's gone, baby," she whispers, barely able to be heard as she reaches her free hand out to me, her right hand still bound to the headboard.

"Cut them free!" Devon yells, pushing his way past the officers and running into the room, coming to a standstill when he sees the bloody scene confronting him. "Holy shit. Brax? Elle?"

He pushes past the two cops in the room and comes to my side, pulling out a Stanley knife from his pocket and cutting the rope that binds me to the headboard.

I hold my hand out to him. "I'll free her," I say as he places it in my hand and I reach over to free Elle from her binds. Dropping the knife on the bed, I pull her into my arms and onto the bed. She wraps her arms around me as I bury my face into her hair, sobbing for the man we've both just lost.

A brother, a partner, a best friend.

We sit like that, clinging to each other on the bed for what seems like hours. There is movement around us, but neither of us can move. Devon stands against the wall, his head dropped to his chest, not saying a word. It's like we're all stuck there, in that room, our prison cell, on a night that will forever be etched in our nightmares.

Realizing that our nightmare may now be over, but the heartache and loss has just begun.

Epilogue

It's another warm sunny spring day in the South.

I'm sitting on a park bench looking over at Elle. She is just as breathtaking as she was six years ago when I forced myself into her life. Her hair is still a gorgeous deep brown, her porcelain skin is ageless, and that body of hers still cuts me to the quick every time.

She's standing by the fountain in the waterfront park in Charleston, intently watching over our three year old son. I smile at the joy I see on both their faces as the water starts gushing out, almost getting Elle, and definitely splashing our little boy who is shrieking with delight. Her smile is huge, as it always is whenever she looks at him.

Our lives have been a hell of a lot calmer in the past five years. We could never forget those that we have lost but thanks to the events of that time, I'm closer to Devon and Sylvia than I ever have been. I have Elle to thank for all of that. Her strength and determination along with her belief in family and her unwavering love for me, has brought us all here. And of course, none of us would be here today if it wasn't for my best friend giving up his life for us.

After we gave our statements to the police, and Shay's body was wrapped up in the cold black body bag and wheeled away on a gurney, I asked to speak to the officer in charge.

Standing to the side, leaving Devon to hold Elle who was in shock and shaking uncontrollably, I proceeded to tell the detective who I was, who I used to work for, who my father was, and explained in detail everything that Silas told us about the Halliwells' murders and how Victor Bertorelli had ordered the hit.

Three days later, we got a phone call from the detective advising us that Victor had been arrested and charged with conspiracy to commit murder. Sylvia flew in the next day having seen the news, and never returned to the West Coast.

It went some way to easing the guilt I felt but it took a long time for me to come to terms with Shay's death. We'd been through so much together; basic training in the Army, our discharge and the sudden decline and death of Roger. Then, he'd helped me try to deal with the overwhelming debts, even coming with me to work for Victor.

Elle quickly made peace with what happened. Don't get me wrong, there were many nights that we clung to each other, Shay's loss and my guilt threatening to swallow me whole. But just like how I helped keep Elle's nightmares at bay, Elle showed me that we could honor Shay in so many other ways. That his death did not need to be in vain. And ultimately, he was now back with his one true love, the woman that captured his heart and saved his life. He put himself between that life ending bullet and the woman I love. The ultimate sacrifice, one that I've struggled to come to terms with while also being eternally grateful for.

Elle finished college two years later, just a month before we eloped and a month to the day that we found out that we were expecting our first child.

Our wedding was in a word, a once in a lifetime event. And it doesn't matter how staunch you think you are, hearing the woman you love devote her life to you, in front of family and friends, will bring any man to his knees. The emotion of the moment consumed us both as we vowed to have and to hold, to death do till us part.

We held the ceremony in Hawaii on a private beach with the softest sand at a beachfront resort. We had both lost so much that we wanted our day to be just for us and our close family. Since we'd never been to Hawaii, we decided to start the rest of our lives together with a new memory. We knew that Shay would be with us wherever we were, even if it was only in spirit.

As part of the ceremony, we set a lantern alight and placed a lei around it before setting it off to sea. The winds picked up then suddenly died down, a sign that he was right there with us. The belief is that when the wind stirs at a wedding, it signifies the presence of family who can't be with you physically, but continue to surround you with their love, support and blessing. We were both in tears as we set Shay's memory away from us, knowing that he'd be forever in our hearts.

I get up from the seat and walk over towards my little family, wrapping my arms around my wife's waist as I lean down and kiss her forehead gently. "You're glowing, my little minx," I say with a smirk.

"I'd hope so, babe. You're the one who's made me this way," she says, rubbing the swell of her pregnant belly with her hand.

My eyes follow her hand and I chuckle as I see a sudden jolt beneath her touch, making Elle gasp in delight. "Whoa, she's feisty this little girl of ours."

"If she's anything like her mother, she's bound to be downright trouble," I reply, unable to hold back a laugh.

"Watch it, mister. I have no doubt that she'll have you wrapped around her little finger is no time," Elle replies.

"If her brother is anything to go by, I don't doubt it for a minute darlin'," I murmur against her lips as I steal another tender kiss from my wife. "Bit like their mother in that way."

"And I wouldn't change it for the world."

We're suddenly interrupted by a tiny voice below us.

"Daddy! Daddy! Look at me." I look down at the brown haired cherub standing in front of us.

"Shay, what are you doing?"

"I is getting wet daddy! Look!" he exclaims as another water spout shoots out of the ground, saturating him.

"Awesome, should we see if we can catch it little man?" I ask, bending down to pick him up, tickling his tummy as I go.

"Stop it, daddy! Stop it!" he laughs, squirming out of my hold to run after another water shot.

I stand back up and turn to Elle. She's wearing the biggest smile I've ever seen, and her whole face is alive with love.

"I love you so much, Mr. James," she says, wrapping her arms around my neck and pulling my head down towards hers.

"Not as much as I love you, Mrs. James" I murmur against her lips, taking a taste of the delicious mouth of hers. "Shit!" I feel a foot kick my stomach from Elle's.

Elle starts giggling, my second most favourite sound in the whole world behind Shay calling me Daddy. "Told you!"

"Hell, she's trying to get me away from you already. Little Leah is gonna be trouble, I think."

"I wouldn't have it any other way," Elle says, kissing me gently before taking my hand and walking with me over towards our son.

