MISTRESS OF THE WEB 
VOL 1: THE BLACK BOOK
CHIKE DELUNA
Copyright George Udenkwo 2012
Published by Deluna Books (Smashwords Edition)
Cover Art: Casual Misfit
To Catherine Griffen – 
For being a rock in a blessed storm 
Together we weave worlds
INTRODUCTION
1: MISTRESS OF THE WEB
2: STARK!!!
3: TEMPLE OF THE FLY
4: SERAPH
5: CARAPACE
6: CROMBY AND NICE
7: TRIAL OF A SPIDER
8: VIBE
9: THE WISDOM OF ANGELS
INTRODUCTION
i: THE ELOHIM
Earth was dying.
Ninety-five percent of the planet was uninhabitable, lashed by hyper-storms and chocked with volcanic fallout that left once blue skies charred and lightless. Those that chose to remain on the home world were forced to confine themselves to the last of its cities. Hive-like and vast beyond belief, these cities each contained over a hundred million inhabitants and were environmentally self-sufficient, contained within q-shields that insulated them from the planet’s hostile climate; relying on off-world imports to sustain their huge populations, as well as advanced technologies to manufacture local food resources.
Earth was sterile.
Where once the planet cradled man, providing him with all he needed on the laborious journey from cradle to grave, now only technology sheltered him, only science provided for him, only faith sustained him. Not faith in the old abstract gods, the unseen architects of man’s destiny. There were new gods to guide him now, gods of flesh and bone. Originally bred from gene vats to serve mankind, they would ultimately become his lords and masters.
These genetic super beings were known as the Elohim. They had been adapted to survive in the depths of space and tasked to discover new worlds for their creators to colonize. But the creation grew too powerful; the Elohim returned from the stars, enslaving all the colony worlds in their path, proclaiming themselves masters of the species, the natural metamorphosis of man into god.
The war between mankind and the Elohim raged on a thousand fertile worlds and consumed the species in an inferno of its own making. It was a war that endured for millennia and the beginnings of the conflagration had already entered into myth by the time humanity’s last strongholds fell to the might of the gods. It was the Elohim that scorched the earth. In their quest to subdue man’s symbolic cradle they saw fit to destroy the last of his natural habitats. Such was their hatred for the parent race they would allow nothing to survive the harrowing fire. The war, declared the Elohim, would not end until the earth itself had succumbed.
In year zero of the divine calendar the home planet fell at last. To celebrate their ultimate triumph the Elohim named themselves after the deities of ancient myth, and built seven celestial cities, each presided over by an autonomous group of gods.
The mightiest of these was the city of Golgotha Falls.
ii: GOLGOTHA FALLS
Golgotha Falls was a vertical monument to excess. The gods had planned it thus. It was to be the jewel in their crown and nowhere on all the worlds of the empire was there a city to match this one in scale and sheer ambition.
Ninety-six districts, each one the size of a small metropolis, arranged like open drawers along the flanks of mega buildings twelve kilometres high. Known as Olympiads, these parent towers were symmetrical mountains of fusion steels and off-world silicates, the largest freestanding structures in the known galaxy.
The scale was simply mind-numbing; district-cities held in sublime tension, sprouting from the sides of towers the size of mythical world trees. Nothing of its kind had ever been built before, nor was ever likely to be attempted again.
*
Vacuum-sealed within an enormous dome of dark plasma, the entire megalopolis of Golgotha Falls was protected from the cataclysmic hyper-storms that ravaged the planet’s surface. The dome was black and featureless, its shadow casting the city in a permanent twilight known locally as the Infernum.To counter the Infernum, each of the city’s ninety-six districts was self-illuminated within its own individual dome covering, each dome a vast holographic screen that projected the illusion of a terran sky onto the city encased within. A holographic sun rose in the east of the district and set in the west. Artificial day gave way to artificial night. Clouds formed and dispersed. Rain fell in summer, snow in winter.
Each district of Golgotha Falls was a semi-autonomous microenvironment, maintaining its own atmosphere, weather system, and seasonal cycles. Everything was designed to mimic the open skies and temperate climates of old earth, once free to all, now only made possible through extraordinary feats of holographic engineering.
*
Providing each district with the illusion of day and night was a means to stop the incumbent populations going mad. Who could long stand the hellish twilight of the Infernum, the prospect of night eternal? It would have been a twisted existence without the holographic skies. Humanity needed the scaffolding of night and day upon which to organise a collective sense of self, it was a metronome as old as the species without which the mind soon lost coherence and all sense of linear purpose.
MISTRESS OF THE WEB
THE SANCTION CREW
*
 We’ve got him!’
The voice is strictly in his head; a thought-wave pulsed through deep cortical implants that enable Josephius Mank to stay in contact with the rest of the crew over long distances. 
 ‘Mank, we got him,’ the thought booms in his skull, more urgent this time.
‘Keep t-casts to a minimum.’ Mank pulses back. ‘I’m on my way.’
Something is playing over the tannoy system as he mounts the stairs to the fifth floor; something old and worn-out by constant repetition. Mank recognises the song despite the accompanying pop and hiss: Overture to an Unborn Soldier by Claudia Fitzgerald, the kind of music they play at military funerals.
He’s on the fifth floor now, stepping over the ‘sanctioned’ corpses of four sooka bodyguards, stone-faced mercenaries with zippers embedded in their flesh that open up body cavities used to store all kinds of exotic munitions. These guys are fast, tech-enhanced to filter out human error, but they were taken completely by surprise; not one of them has drawn a weapon.
As Mank approaches the last office on the floor he hears the target’s voice coming through the half-open door, rapid-fire delivery, boosted by fear or narcs, or a hard combination of the two:
‘I’m a pro, we’re all pros,’ the voice was saying, ‘so why not put the guns away and let’s talk? No? You don’t like that…ok, you know what, keep the guns. Fuck it, let’s talk anyway. I’m good for whatever your client’s paying you, currency or merchandise, whatever you want, name it…’
Mank steps into the office at that moment. The four members of his Sanction Crew snap to attention as soon as he appears. He ignores them, focusing on the man seated behind the antique desk, bald, anonymous looking, mid to late fifties, with bad teeth and a watery countenance. He stares up at Mank, hands trembling as he struggles to light a slim.
‘Ok, I’m guessing you’re the leader,’ the target drags smoke into his lungs; ‘am I right? I mean you’re the guy who turns up a minute behind the others so you’ve got to have clout.’ He stands up, sticks his hand out, ‘I’m Marshall Lyon.’ When Mank ignores the gesture the man withdraws his hand and shrugs, ‘Sure, ok, forget the pleasantries. Call me Scatterboy, all my friends do…’
‘We know who you are, Mr Lyon,’ Mank assures him.
Scatterboy sits down. ‘Course you do,’ he sucks smoke, exhaling around his next words, ‘but do you know what I represent?’
‘We know that too.’
‘So let me make you an offer,’ Scatterboy wheezes. ‘Balls-of-Jute, man, do you know how much you stand to make? I’ve got contracts with the military. I’ve got…’
‘There’ll be no offers, I’m afraid.’ Mank eases his revolver out of a concealed holster and clicks it open, checking the chambers before snapping it closed again.
Scatterboy begins to visibly shake, ‘Ok,’ he breathes, ‘Ok, that’s not good. This whole thing is getting out of hand. You wanted to frighten me, boys, well done because I’ve now officially shit myself, but come on, you’ve made your point, you don’t have to do this. I’m a fucking nobody, a middle-man. I’m the guy you get to pass on messages. I’m not the guy you kill….’
Mank raises his gun.
‘Fuck no!’ Scatterboy shrieks. ‘Name a price, man. Just spin one off the top of your head, for fuck’s sake, any price…’
Mank shoots him once through the forehead, soft-shot, no rear damage to the skull; Mother likes her little trophies intact. Scatterboy is punched back into his chair by the force of the bullet, eyes bulging with shock, face sagging, dead before the slim hits the desktop. Nightman levers himself off the wall, ‘Thought the fucker would never shut up,’ he grunts as he makes for the door.
*
They step into the lift and Mank thumbs the doors closed. No one speaks on the way down. Mank studies the faces of his crew by the staccato wink of the floor counter. Erwin Trent, aka Boondog; sniper and munitions expert. F. Dubois, aka Nightman; explosives expert and field engineer. Al Slatter, aka Creep; specialist in stealth combat and intel gathering. Loh Gul, aka Doc; poisons expert and interrogations officer. Hardened killers every one of them, each man a confirmed expert in his chosen field, the best crew Mank has ever worked with, and in his time with the agency he’s worked with a fair few.
The men stand blank faced, emotionless, dressed in uniform grey overcoats with cracked leather lapels; identical coats, identical faces. None of them returns Mank’s gaze.
*
Stepping out into the steel pulse of the city the five men instantly evaporate into the thick crowds surging along the sidewalks. Such vanishings are easy, this is Golgotha Falls after all; a city of ninety million souls, some of them divine, some semi-divine, but the large majority mortal and nondescript.
THE COBRA LOUNGE
After Mank splits from the rest of the crew he heads over to an old and familiar haunt. The Cobra Lounge is located in District Tiffany; a low rent province filled with labyrinthine housing estates and second-hand tek mauls. The Lounge is buzzing with illicit trade when Mank strolls in through its famous winged doors. No one pays him any attention as he surfs the bar-side crowds, eyes working the shadows for The Fat Man.
Anonymity is a big thing in the Lounge, everyone wears a mask, cartoon, celebrity, animal or fetish, you can’t get into the place without one. Mank wears a mouse mask, flat cartoon eyes hiding the steel of his gaze as he heads for the back of the bar where a series of small alcoves shield the more illustrious clients from casual scrutiny.
The man Mank has come to see is called Abdul Qassam, aka The Fat Man, a conduit between the agency and her various Sanction Crews. Abdul sits in the last alcove on the left, lace curtains cutting him off from the rest of the bar. He wears a raccoon mask, its mouth spread in a ludicrous grin.
‘Have you boys made me proud?’ he asks, as Mank settles into the booth beside him.
Mank places a padded sports bag on the table. ‘The sanction’s been carried out,’ he taps the side of the bag, ‘receipt’s right here.’
‘Mother has another little chore for you.’ Abdul’s voice sounds slightly muffled behind his mask; he’s a large man, three hundred and fifty pounds of flab hanging off a skeleton designed to carry one seventy at the most. He feels every ounce of his excess girth. His skin is pasty grey, corpselike, and he wheezes with every second breath, a gravy-like stench seeping through his pores that no amount of cologne can subdue.
‘So soon?’ Mank is surprised. There’s usually a rest period of several days between assignments.
Abdul nods. ‘Afraid so, darling; this one’s in West Helia.’
‘Helmont?’
‘Do you know it?’
‘I’m familiar with the area.’
‘The target is George Esquire, patron of the Café Libre. He’s been doing a little fiddling at the casinos so this one’s got to be bloodier than usual. You know how much the casinos like a spectacle.’
Mank shrugs and stands up, ‘Anything else?’ he asks.
Abdul’s voice becomes flirtatious, ‘Depends on what you mean, darling.’
Mank’s jaw tightens, ‘I’ll bring receipt of the sanction in the morning,’ he says and slips out of the alcove.
Abdul sits studying the bag Mank has left on the table. After a while he reaches out and unzips it, pulling the lips carefully aside and staring down at the contents. Scatterboy stares back up at Abdul, his severed head looking oddly fitted in the bag’s padded interior, his eyes wide, unfocussed. Abdul closes Scatterboy’s eyes, a small token of respect for the man whose death he’d so recently ordered. Then he re-zips the bag and places it at his feet.
‘Nothing like a little head,’ he sighs.
*
Dressed in a black, tailor-cut suit, Mank meets his crew on a vertical shuttle southbound for the district of West Helia. The shuttle moves through vacuum tubes that spread across the sheer face of the Olympiads like varicose veins. Tens of thousands of shuttles moving through these transport tubes at any one time, trafficking between city-districts, illuminated like fireflies against the sterile dark of the Infernum.
The Sanction Crew, Boondog, Nightman, Creep, and Doc, all wear identical suits; black bespoke tailoring, white shirts, skinny ties. They look like a family jazz quintet, faces surgically altered to resemble each other as closely as possible. They say nothing, acknowledging each other by not so much as a nod. They stand on the third deck of the shuttle, surrounded by an anonymous crowd of commuters.
Mank stares out the window at the swarms of private ships and cargo carriers that ply back and forth through the Infernum, forming constellations of light between the vast Olympiads. He thinks about the job ahead. He hates casino hits. They are brutal, attention grabbing, nothing but trouble in the long run; too many damned variables and he’s barely been given time to do his homework.
The entire shuttle is infested with holographic ads, holoverts; floating, dancing, parading through the air, zipping amongst the listless commuters like manic dreams, desperately trying to grab their attention. Mank and his crew wear expensive shades to filter out the holoverts. Everyone else ignores them.
*
The shuttle stops briefly at West Helia Central Station where the five men disembark. West Helia smells of diesel and hard sulphur, an industrial district, made up of vast factory complexes and chemical processing plants, its skyline crowded with belching chimneystacks and burning waste funnels. The holographic sky is tuned to static. No one wastes good graphics on a dead district. Automatons carry out most of the work here; the few thousand citizens that choose to live in West Helia are collected down in Helmont, a small ramshackle crome on the southernmost tip of the district.
The streets of West Helia are crowded with automaton commuters, humanoid robots marching in perfect formation, humming high-pitched work mantras. The roads are clogged with insectile machines, steel centipedes and titanium-backed beetles, scurrying past each other, antennae whipping frantically back and forth. The sky is black with metallic locusts that swarm to and from the automated factories in district-north. There are very few flesh and blood commuters. Flesh is soft and vulnerable and West Helia is a district of machines, cold, emotionless, and ruthlessly efficient.
*
‘I am Charley the-self-assembled-car,’ a vehicle pulls up alongside them as they stroll down a central thoroughfare. It is a large, mongrel machine, composed of cannibalised auto parts mounted on a discontinued chassis. The name CHARLEY is illuminated on the roof in red neon letters. The vehicle stares at the five men through stalk-like headlamps. ‘Can I ferry you to your destination?’ it asks in a grinding, misaligned voice. ‘I am a machine in search of a function. Would you like me to carry you? Please say yes, my seating is designed for human specifications.’
‘Do me a favour, Charley,’ says Mank, ‘fuck off.’
‘I’d be delighted,’ says Charley and follows the five men for nearly half a block before he realises he’s been dismissed.
THE NOOSE
‘Something’s wrong,’ Creep pulses, ‘doesn’t feel right...’
‘You say that every freakin’ time,’ Boondog cuts in. His thought-transmission always feels like a cold trickle down Mank’s spine.
‘T-casts to a minimum,’ Mank instructs them, ‘we can be hacked any time.’
The neural interfaces are permanently on-line, continuously shunting messages back and forth between the five man crews. Their minds in constant fusion, the assassins learn to complete each other’s thoughts, to dream each other’s dreams, to think in perfect tactical harmony.
It is a struggle to recall a time when his mind was his own, his thoughts wrapped in the privacy of his own skull. Mank is part of something bigger now, a beast with five ids and one mind, and the whole city its hunting ground. Hollow-head, a derogatory term for anyone existing in neural isolation, easy prey to the Sanction Crews, but every now and again Mank wonders what it would be like to be alone again, the way other people are alone. It is a terrifying thought and a compelling one; a thought he never dwells on for long.
*
Mank’s crew arrive in the squalid crome of Helmont a little after mid-night, West Helia time. The holographic sky over West Helia is switched off every evening just after six, leaving a black, featureless void in place of the daytime static. The crew quickly locate the Café Libre on Carnival Street; a boulevard that runs straight through the dark heart of Helmont. It is a street of plasma ads and rundown shops, the air crawling with holographic porn and tacky commercials. Stiletto freaks with cheap face grafts howl for man trade from the electric sidewalks, their dog-faced pimps lurking in side alleys, geared up for trade or trouble. Assembly line sex dolls compete with flesh and blood whores on every corner. Street kids roam in feral gangs, communicating in secretive patois and mongrel dialects known only to each other.
The hard-faced pedestrians that ply Carnival Street come here for what few pleasures they can grab before dawn returns them to the auto junkyards where they scavenge each day for a living. Addicts sob and drunks doze in open doorways, confidence tricksters pitching their scams from side street shadows, and here and there a body lies face down in the gutter, victim of summary justice or a chance robbery.
*
The crew slip down a side alley a couple of doors from the Café Libre.
‘Creep and Boondog, work the upper floors,’ Mank pulses, ‘Doc, Nightman, stick with me.’
Creep and Boondog spray their shoes and gloves with a chemical adhesive and are scuttling up the wall of the alley an instant later, clinging to the brickwork like giant insects. They vanish quickly into rooftop shadow. From there they can access the Café Libre through the upper floors.
As Mank turns to the remaining members of his crew he catches sight of an old woman huddled behind a trashcan. He crouches down in front of her, signalling Doc and Nightman to move on ahead of him. She is blind; her scrawny flesh clothed in mismatched rags, a feral; a transient vagabond. The alley is probably the closest thing to a home she’ll ever know.
‘I’m looking for a man.’ Mank informs her.
‘No men left, child,’ the old woman replies, ‘only marks.’
‘His name is George Esquire.’
‘Maybe I know him,’ the woman shrugs, ‘maybe I don’t. You want to tell me why you might be looking for old Georgy?’
Mank shrugs. ‘He owes tax.’
‘You’re no taxman,’ the old woman cackles.
‘What makes you say that?’
‘You got blood on your hands, child. Taxmen suck it; they don’t shed it. You killed today. Can smell it clear.’
Mank ignores this remark. ‘Aside from the front and rear,’ he says, ‘is there any other way into the cafe? A side entrance, perhaps? Maybe a basement level?’
‘You gonna kill George?’ the old woman asks. ‘Is he your mark?’
‘That’s not your concern.’
‘He’s protected, child. Couldn’t kill him, even if you wanted to.’
Mank smiles, ‘Protected by whom?’ he asks.
The old woman gives a high, childish laugh. ‘By the mistress of the web, of course’ she says. ‘Ain’t you heard, George belongs to her. Once a fly, always a fly. I’ll tell you where he is, but won’t do you no good, the mistress looks after her own.’
She tells Mank of a side entrance several metres down the alley. ‘It has underground access to the Café Libre’, she assures him.
‘Who is this mistress of the web?’ Mank asks out of curiosity.
‘No one mentions her name hereabouts,’ the old woman replies, ‘and if you don’t aim to cross her then you don’t need to know, right?’
‘Thank you, old woman,’ Mank gets to his feet, ‘I’m going to put you to sleep now.’
‘You don’t need to kill a blind woman,’ she says, ‘I can’t finger you.’
Mank sighs. ‘In our profession,’ he replies, ‘why take the chance?’
*
After he’s sanctioned her, Mank goes to the side door she told him about and forces it open, tek-enhanced muscles making easy work of the lock. The door springs open and he slips into a pool of darkness. He stands and listens for a moment – ears tuned to the slightest sound – then slowly makes his way forward, down a series of stone stairs and along a smooth foot-worn passage, vermin scurrying from his path, shrill squeaks echoing off damp walls. Mank is at ease in the dark. He pulses his co-ordinates to his crew, and they update him on their own progress.
Creep and Boondog have already made their way into the Libre through a forced skylight. Nightman and Doc are meanwhile slipping in through the back of the building, making their way along oddly deserted corridors; an empty kitchen, a silent staff room.
‘There’s no one here,’ Nightman pulses. ‘The whole place looks like it’s been shut down.’
From the third floor Creep confirms this suspicion. ‘Motion detector reads flat,’ he transmits ‘no-one here but us cuckoos.’
Mank enters the Libre through a basement storage room. He meets Nightman and Doc in the main bar area. Doc looks edgy. Nightman has removed his left eye and slotted a riflescope into the gaping socket, a red dot marking the point of his gaze. The three men stare around the deserted café, sharing a moment of puzzled silence.
Nightman broadcasts all their fears, ‘Maybe our mark knew we were coming?’
Before Mank can reply Creep signals them from upstairs, his pulse loud and urgent. ‘Mank!’ he broadcasts, ‘you need to get up here and see this.’
Mank heads up the stairs three at a time, Nightman and Doc close behind. In an upstairs bedroom they find Creep and Boondog staring down at an antique bed. A shop window dummy lies on the covers, a hand written tag around its neck:
GEORGE ESQUIRE IS NO DUMMY!
‘We’ve been made,’ Creep says, the first time any of them has spoken aloud that night. Doc crosses the room and stands at the window, staring down into the street below. Mank pulls his gun from its holster. He clicks the safety off and nods grimly at the others. Creep and Boondog pull their revolvers clear, spinning the chambers and clicking them tight. Each chamber holds a plasma-round with the projectile force of a large, shaped explosive. Mank is about to signal a general retreat when Doc gives a sudden cry and starts back from the window, snatching at his gun in the same instant. A moment later the window explodes inwards, filling the room with a storm of glass shrapnel. The men duck down, covering their heads.
Mank is first on his feet, but in the split second he lost sight of the window Doc has vanished. The window is a gaping ruin; the sound of Helmont’s nightlife rushing in to fill the air. It’s as though Doc has been sucked out of the room by an enormous vacuum force. Mank moves fast towards the window, but staggers back an instant later when Doc’s death screams fill his head, pulsed through his neural implant with mind numbing force.
‘Fuck! Fuck! Fuck!’ Nightman howls, hands clamped to his ears.
Creep and Boondog are racing towards the window, but Mank stops them, ‘Abort the mission,’ he yells, pushing the two men back towards the door. ‘You can’t help Doc now. Let’s move.’
Nightman has activated his motion detector, its luminous radar reflecting off the grim set of his features. ‘Something’s up on the roof,’ he informs Mank, ‘moving due east.’ His eyes widen in shock, ‘Damn, nothing moves that fast – ’, he shakes the detector, suspecting a malfunction. ‘Mank ... we got trouble.’
‘Head down to the basement,’ Mank howls at them, ‘it’s an ambush.’
They keep their heads. Despite Doc’s loss they remain a tight unit. Men died in their trade, it was an acceptable part of the job. The best way they can honour the fallen is by getting out of this trap in one piece.
THE BEDLAM CREW
Once in the alley Mank and the surviving members of the crew make their way back out onto the main thoroughfare, melting into the Carnival Street crowds, concealing themselves in a tight surge of anonymity. There is ever safety in numbers.
But no safety that night.
Creep is the next to die; a steel noose, thin as flexi steel, drops down from above, slipping over his head and tightening around his neck before he is aware of what is happening. He chokes, reaching for his throat. Suddenly he is yanked bodily into the air, in an instant vanishing into the yawning darkness above the streetlights.
This time Mank is driven to his knees by the power of Creep’s telepathic screams. It feels like his head is exploding, a thousand slivers of ice penetrating the soft tissue of his brain. Clasping his hands to his temples Mank propels himself to his feet and staggers to the side of the street.
Creep’s screams are abruptly terminated. Silence fills the inside of Mank’s skull like a healing balm as Nightman and Boondog join him. The three remaining members of the Sanction Crew stare at each other. Creep’s thoughts have become baseline static. They have lost two men inside of ten minutes; it is unprecedented in all the history of the agency. Around them Carnival Street carries on as if nothing had happened. No one turns in their direction. It’s as though Creep had never existed at all.
Mank stares up at the rooftop shadows high above them. The others follow his line of sight. No words are necessary. No thoughts either. They spray their hands and feet with chemical adhesive and take to the walls of the nearest building, scurrying up them like human flies. The need for secrecy is over. They are fighting for survival now.
In seconds they are amongst the rooftops, settling into the shadows with noiseless accord. His hearing enhanced to five times the normal level, Mank can detect the beating of a moth’s wings at just over fifty metres, a target’s heartbeat at more than twenty. Crouching in deep shadow he filters out the hard breathing of his colleagues, tuning in to background ambience, any unfamiliar sound, no matter how innocuous.
*
Mank gives the order and the crew spread out across the roofs, revolvers held at the ready. They move, soft as ghosts, blending skilfully with the dark, relying on instincts heightened by technology and honed by years of training. The rooftops consist of multiple slopes interspersed with areas of relative flat; chimneystacks and air vents, water towers and broadcast receivers, creating a tangled landscape through which the three men cautiously pick their way.
‘Mank, Boondog….’ Nightman’s pulse is hard and urgent, ‘over here.’
They join him on the slope of a concrete sub-roof. He is crouched over the bodies of Doc and Creep, examining them with a pocket diagnostic. ‘Dead!’ he broadcasts as Mank and Boondog slide down the roof slope towards him.
Mank breaks silence. ‘How?’ he asks.
‘Desiccation,’ Nightman looks up at him. ‘Bodies’ completely drained of fluids.’
Crouching beside him Mank studies the corpses. He doesn’t need a diagnostic; the mark of death is clear on both men; their skin shrivelled, dried-out looking, as though left to tan for several days in the sun. Sunken eyes, parched lips, powder dry tongues. He examines their skulls. In the crown of each he discovers twin incision wounds, small and surgically precise.
‘What the fuck did that?’ Boondog is breathing hard, the sheen of cold sweat reflecting off his upper lip.
‘The mistress of the web,’ Mank mutters, half to himself, half in response to Boondog’s question.
‘The what?’ Boondog and Nightman glare at Mank and he’s uncertain which one pulsed the question.
Mank scans the dark roofscape around them. Something is out there in the shadows. He senses it watching, studying them. The bodies of Doc and Creep have deliberately been left here for them to find. Whatever killed the assassins wants the survivors to know it is here, that they are defenceless against it.
‘I met an old woman in the alley,’ Mank tells the others. ‘She told me George Esquire was a protected man.’
Nightman frowns. ‘Protected by whom?’ he asks.
‘The mistress of the web,’ Mank shrugs. ‘It didn’t mean much at the time.’
Staring down at the bodies of his colleagues Nightman says, ‘It means a hell of a lot now.’
Mank gets to his feet. ‘I think we’ve bitten off more than we can chew, boys,’ he says matter-of-factly.
Boondog hawks and spits on the roof slope, ‘I reckon we’re dealing with one of the spider-gods.’ He points at the puncture wounds. ‘Nothing else leaves that mark.’
Mank reluctantly breaks the ensuing silence, ‘Lady Desdemona,’ he names their nascent dread. ‘It’s got to be her.’ His voice sounds brittle and lifeless.
Lady Genevieve Desdemona is the most feared of all the spider-gods, practically disowned by her divine house, it is her pathology to hunt amongst the mortal districts, dispatching her human prey with brutal efficiency.
‘If it’s her,’ Boondog breathes, ‘then we’re dead already. She’ll take us before we reach street level.’
Nightman is staring nervously around him. ‘She knew we were coming,’ he mutters, ‘she must have known. We’ve been sold out.’
‘Abdul Qassam, I don’t doubt,’ Mank snarls. ‘If any of us survives the night, make it a point of honour to pay that fat fuck a visit.’
‘Pretty wishful ‘if’, Nightman retorts.
Mank says, ‘I reckon we ought to negotiate with her. It’s the only way out.’
‘Be my guest,’ Boondog says. ‘Your death might buy us time to get down to the street.’
Nightman’s laugh is abrasive. His eyes look trapped and wild. ‘Lady Desdemona doesn’t negotiate,’ he reminds Mank. ‘She hunts and she kills, and let’s face it, she’s better at it than us.’ He glances across at Boondog, ‘If we’re going to move,’ he says, ‘it’s now or never.’
Boondog looks at Mank. ‘You coming?’ he asks.
Mank shakes his head. ‘You run, you’re dead,’ he says. ‘The goddess spares no one.’
Nightman shrugs. ‘We’ll take our chances,’ he says.
Without warning Nightman and Boondog explode into action, heading out across the rooftops with inhuman agility. Spinning fast through shadow they catapult off hard, angled surfaces, bodies describing impossible arcs through the air. They criss-cross each other’s paths, somersaulting off chimney stacks and roof slopes, racing up vertical surfaces and along razor thin ledges, performing impossible leaps between buildings, each man acutely aware that speed is the key to survival. Nightman is slightly ahead of Boondog, keeping the other in his gun sights. They move like twin ghosts, eyes hungry for motion; a target, something to lock onto and destroy.
*
Running flat out Boondog’s foot snags something in the dark. He hears a high tension twang, a thin keening sound, and suddenly a feeling of coldness spread through his left leg. He stumbles, falls, reaches down to clasp his injured limb and instead feels the gushing stump where his left leg had been moments before. Boondog broadcasts a telepathic scream that compliments his physical anguish. He tries to stem the flow of blood, clamping down hard on the artery, but he’s weakening fast. He crawls against a cropped boundary wall, propping his back up against the hard stone, leaving a thick trail of blood in his wake. Something has amputated his leg just below mid-thigh, the injury horrific in its surgical precision.
As he sits there Boondog sees a flash of motion, a shadow moving past him, almost too fast to register. A cold breath of wind blows against his face. In that instant Boondog feels a clamp of pain in his throat, as though every muscle has simultaneously seized up. Suddenly his skull feels enormously heavy, succumbing to an indescribable pressure. He bows his head, letting it fall forward on his chest and it continues falling, toppling off the severed neck, bouncing off his lap and rolling a short distance away from his body.
With a weightless sense of disbelief Boondog stares up at his own headless corpse, still propped against the low boundary wall, but before comprehension can dawn, consciousness is extinguished, his eyes rolling up in his head, a final sigh passing through stiffening lips.
*
Nightman keeps moving. He hears the mental scream as Boondog falls, but he doesn’t turn back. It’s every man for himself now. He pauses only to plant crab-mines, a handful strewn in his wake. They are small, automated disks, segmented appendages resembling the legs of a crab. Nightman sets them to maximum yield and watches them scuttle sideways into the dark. They will wait in the shadows, motion detectors covering a fifteen-metre radius, ready to scurry into the path of anyone coming their way. Once stepped on the mines detonate with devastating force.
Nightman is coming to the end of the roof. There is a gap of several metres before the next roof begins at a slightly higher elevation. The gap should have been impossible to bridge, but Nightman does not even slow his pace and as he runs out of roof he leaps high and clear, his body hurtling through the air with inhuman force. His hands reach out, fingers clawed to hook onto the opposite roof. … He would have made it too, his angle of ascent is precise, his momentum perfect, but he doesn’t see the fine web spread through the air, suspended half way between roofs.
He hits the web hard, decelerating as it sucks the power out of his leap. Then with a violent snap it recoils, bouncing him back into its clutches. He struggles in sudden panic, lunging, twisting, convulsing, but it is useless. The web holds him fast, suspended some two hundred feet above the ground.
The pain hits him then. It is excruciating, spreading across his flesh like a chemical burn. He screams endlessly, trying to wrench himself away from that searing agony. The web strands are coated with some kind of acid, burning through his flesh, dissolving the muscle. Each frantic move he makes forces them deeper. Blood erupts from the precise lines of his injuries, raining down on the street below. Nightman’s screams become liquid, gurgling; he feels like he’s drowning in his own blood.
Something scuttles towards him across the surface of the web, a dark shape with multiple limbs, long flowing hair, pale skin and eyes dark as pitch. He can’t turn his head, can’t see enough to tell what it is – humanoid, female, but too many arms, too many legs – some kind of freak – and the way she moves – like an insect –
It is the Lady Desdemona. The certainty hits Nightman worse than the pain. He tries to scream, but there is no more voice left in him. She is moving around him, circling his crucified flesh. She is above him now, staring down at him as he writhes and twists. He feels the steel strands of her hair caress his burning face. He tries to raise his head, but the web lines hold him tight. She is studying him. Even through the layers of his agony he feels her malevolent gaze.
End it – he silently pleads with her – end it…I’m burning alive.
‘Be still, darling.’ He hears her voice inside his skull; not like a neural pulse, more like a voice heard in a dream, an ancient voice; the voice of a deity.
Something enters the top of his head, slicing down hard through his skull, straight into the soft core of his brain. He convulses, his body going into a violent spasm of shock. His mind is filled with a searing white heat that engulfs him and burns through him. And Nightman feels himself being drawn out of his body through the wounds she’s opened in his skull, rising like a sinner absolved of all sin, rising out of his shell to merge with goddess, mother, bride –
Be still, my precious…her whisper fills his entire universe…give your fears unto me…
*
Mank knows she is coming for him. He sits by the corpses of Doc and Creep, studying his hands. They shake. They are not the hands of an experienced assassin. Tonight they are more the hands of a frightened novice. His skull is filled with a high, continuous squeal, cerebral feedback, like tuning in to dead frequency. His face closes into a concentrated scowl as he recalls the mental screams of Nightman and Boondog, high pitched, never ending, like listening to a part of himself die.
His neural implant is silent now. For the first time in decades he is alone inside the prison of his own skull. The voices of his colleagues are gone, faded into echo, torn from his mind like limbs from his body. Hollow-head! No one home! He hugs his knees, waves of vertigo rushing up from his belly, his head spinning. It’s too fucking quiet. He can’t hear a thing. His ears are buzzing hard with the sudden vacuum between them.
And then he hears it. Floating gently over the rooftops, the sound of a faraway requiem. He recognises it at once: Overture to an Unborn Soldier, the type of music they play at military funerals.
He closes his eyes.
He is part of something bigger.
He has to remember that.
*
She is standing right behind him.
He doesn’t look up. Her eyes are on him, immortal gaze burning down into his flesh, stripping all the pretences away until only the naked fear remains. Keeping his own eyes averted, Mank closes his hands into fists, trying to control the shake.
‘Goddess,’ he stammers in a voice barely recognisable as his own. ‘I didn’t mean – we didn’t mean to infringe on your territory – it was a mistake – faulty intel – a foolish transgression….’
There is no reply. Is she even listening to him? Is he making any sense?
She continues to study him. He senses her gaze like a palpable weight on his back. He tries to raise his eyes, to look at her, but his terror has a gravity of its own and his head remains bowed, eyes fixed firmly on his hands.
‘I am prepared to make reparations,’ Mank persists, ‘I only ask that you spare me.’
Still she says nothing. She hasn’t moved. Not by so much as an inch. Is she contemplating his words?
Gods, why is this moment so familiar? It feels like he’s lived it a hundred times in the past, would live it a hundred times more in the future. No matter what choices he makes it will always come down to this; the two of them, on this rooftop, the one standing over the other…
‘I will not flee,’ he tells her, ‘I will submit myself to your judgement, I swear it.’
When she finally speaks her voice seems like a thing half-imagined. It is filled with labyrinthine echo, impossible to tell where substance ends and vibration begins.
‘You are a professional killer,’ she says.
‘I am.’ His voice shakes so hard the words barely make sense. He is afraid, and he can’t hide that fear no matter how hard he tries - it is leaking up out of his pores, filling the air with a sickly sweet stench.
He has every reason to be afraid. He knows it is she. Lady Desdemona. Rumoured to be over three millennia old, she is Elohim, one of Golgotha Falls’ divine overlords. Mank stands no chance against this creature. She is genetically designed to take down far faster and far stronger than he.
She clucks her tongue mockingly. ‘You ask me to spare you, a man who makes a living killing others,’ she says. ‘Do you fear death? Do you fear the righteous anger of those you’ve sent ahead of you?’
‘I dream the dead,’ Mank replies softly, ‘every one of them, goddess. I remember the faces of those I’ve killed even as I slowly forget my own. I don’t fear death. It is the dead that bother me.’
‘Even gods will one day face their reckoning,’ she replies. ‘Tonight I am your reckoning, Thomas Mathias.’
Thomas Mathias she calls him. He hasn’t heard that name since childhood. He stares at his fists, slowly opens them. Miraculously his hands have stopped shaking.
There is a weightless moment.
She is preparing to strike. He feels the tension building even as the world falls deathly quiet around him, the sounds of the street fading into silence, the air becoming concentrated, volatile.
Mank gives no warning of his intentions, moving without conscious effort, whipping his revolver out of its holster, spinning, aiming and firing in one smooth, continuous movement. But even as he fires he knows that somehow, impossibly, she has anticipated this move. The revolver bucks in his hand, the muzzle belching blue flame, but the goddess is no longer there. He does not even sense her move; it is as though she’s evaporated into cold air.
The plasma bolt tears through the area of space she inhabited an instant before, striking the angle of a roof slope several metres beyond. It detonates with a dull boom and a rush of expanding heat.
Mank spins to his feet, his gun tracking the shadows, every sense screaming on overdrive. She is moving around him, too fast to follow. He half sees the phantom after burn of her passing – nothing can move that fast – it is impossible. He sprints back up the slope of the roof, firing behind him, leaping forward the last few feet, firing again as he hits the ground.
*
As he flees across the roofs her voice mocks him from every shadow.
‘That was terribly unwise, Mathias. Does poppet want to play?’ She is everywhere and nowhere, toying with him, prolonging the game.
He twists as he runs, tattooing the shadows with plasma fire. The heavens are illuminated as a concussion wave of explosions tears the roofs apart, fire engulfing his wake. He uses every trick he knows, cannoning off chimneys, somersaulting sideways, ricocheting off boundary walls. He moves through the air with preternatural agility, hitting the ground and rebounding into spiral leaps, lacing the air around him with an orgy of hell fire.
She appears like a ghost in front of him, her pale face floating in darkness, her lips spread in a crimson smile. She vanishes before he can aim and fire, only to appear to his left, his right; she seems to know his every move before he makes it. At last Mank’s gun spasms on an empty chamber. He throws the revolver aside, heading for a gap between roofs, accelerating as he prepares to fling himself across the abyss –
She takes him then – it feels as though a runaway shuttle has hit him, his body battered sideways by the force of the impact. He collides with a boundary wall and punches straight through brick and mortar, hitting the ground with bone-jarring force. He tries to rise, but she is on him in an instant, crushing him to the ground, one hand clamped around his throat.
He stares up at her. The eyes that stare down at him are cold as burnt out stars. There is a madness in them, a depthless insanity. Is this the price of immortality? He tries to smile but his muscles have frozen his face into a mask of fear.
‘I had to try,’ he whispers.
She presses her face close, lips almost brushing his. ‘I am the face of your childhood nightmares, Mathias,’ she hisses. ‘I am the dreaming terror of your species.’ Her fingers tighten around his throat and Mank feels his consciousness beginning to ebb, the blood pounding furiously against his temples. ‘There are a thousand things worse than death,’ he hears her whisper from the far end of a darkening tunnel.
He tries to speak, but no sound emerges. He feels a sense of floating detachment as the life is slowly, almost gently, squeezed out of him.
‘Yes,’ she whispers in his ear, ‘all fear ends when the heart stops beating. I see your destiny, Thomas Mathias,’ her voice is laced with irony. ‘And so it amuses me to let you live. Run away, little fly,’ she mocks him, ‘pray destiny will be kinder than I.’
She kisses him, releases his throat, and is gone in that instant. It takes him a while to realise he is alone. Shakily Mank gets to his feet. Why had she spared him? Why was he still alive? He staggers back across the roof, seeking the quickest way down to street level. He still can’t believe he’s been spared. Is it because he resisted her? Is she leaving him alive to spread her legend?
He shakes his head; there is a one in a million chance of coming up against the Lady Desdemona and surviving. Yet somehow, miraculously, he’s beaten the odds. He grins. He’ll build a new crew from scratch. He’ll start again, better than before. He’s getting sloppy and tonight it almost cost him his life. He’ll deal first with that traitor, Abdul Qassam, and after that he’ll assemble a Sanction Crew to shake this city to its foundations. He’s survived an encounter with the Lady Desdemona; he’s practically an immortal himself.
Preoccupied with thoughts of tonight’s miraculous escape, Mank doesn’t see the crab mines scuttling out of the shadows to lie like innocuous pebbles in his path. When he steps on one he instantly recognizes that sterile little click as the mine arms itself. There is time for a final quirky thought, ‘She always gets the last laugh!’, before his world is abruptly torn apart.
STARK!!!
THE THIEF
He is meticulous and patient; qualities that stand any thief in good stead. He wears a camouflaged cat suit that blends perfectly with the grey walls of the deluxe apartment block he is currently scaling. Given its unique chameleon properties, the suit would blend in with any background.
*
The Spider watches the thief. She rests in a temporary orb web spun in the core of a satellite dish. The dish, like hundreds of others, is located on the top of a slender communications tower overlooking the luxury apartments of Opera Mardi, a well-to-do crome in the district of Cornucopia. The Spider has watched the thief for two hours. She is in a leisurely mood. The thief is not prey; he excites nothing but curiosity in her and so she continues to spy on him, content to remain hidden, following his progress with superhuman senses, scrying eyes predicting the probable outcome of his every manoeuvre. It is an idle indulgence, no more.
Security centipedes with adhesive limbs and long segmented bodies, scuttle across the walls of the apartment block. They are performing a routine sweep of the building’s perimeter and will quickly discover the intruder if he does not act fast. The thief has figured this out for himself, Desdemona is pleased to see, and releases a mini drone of his own. The contraption is about the size of a crab – it scrambles across the wall, attracting the attention of the centipedes, drawing them away from the thief as they set off in pursuit.
Unchallenged, the thief reaches the balcony windows of his target apartment. He is patient. He knows the centipedes will soon return, retracing the path of the drone, but he will not be hurried. This is more than the simple act of breaking and entering, the Spider suspects; this is an act of passion.
The thief reroutes the needle-thin sensor beams that web the balcony. The beams are invisible, but the thief employs multi phasic goggles to read their signature. He looks as though he is performing a unique form of tai chi as he teases the beams out of position, redirecting their path without breaking the signal. It is a commendable feat. The Spider watches in open admiration as the thief clears a path across the balcony to the large glass panel doors of the apartment.
Within seconds he has broken in, defeating the simple security locks on the doors, neutralising the alarms, sliding the balcony doors open and disappearing inside. There is something sensual about the way he breaches the apartment. He is tender, almost loving, as though this act were synonymous with the art of seduction.
*
The Spider yawns. She thinks about dropping in on the basin districts where she may find a robust lover or two to wile the night away before she despatches them. But the thief preys on her mind. What a plucky fellow. What a performance. Bravo! She feels privileged to have witnessed such mortal daring and suddenly feels compelled to meet with this petty villain, to find out what makes such a man tick.
*
She spins a web strand from her spinneret, bridging the gap between communications tower and apartment block in an instant. It is an expert cast, the strand anchoring the very balcony the thief used to gain access. Probing the building for nasty surprises, the Spider senses the centipedes returning along the west wall, swarming back towards the north face. They cannot probe around corners and will have to be in visual sight of the Spider before they can detect her. The Spider calculates she has less than ten seconds, no more, before the centipedes come into view.
She scuttles out along the web strand, her eight limbs easily propelling her towards the building. In seconds she has reached the balcony, slipping over the railings and squatting for a moment on the polished marble floor. She uses her scrying eyes to locate the balcony sensors then severs her web line and moves forward, evading their lancet beams with ease. The balcony doors are without protection and sliding them open the Spider quietly enters the apartment.
THE TRAP
Inside the apartment the thief stands frozen. He stares straight ahead of him, his back to the Spider. She can see the white oval of his face reflected in the wall-to-wall mirror directly in front of him; she can see her own dark outline in the same mirror. She can detect something in the air – faint – some kind of chemical scent. It is familiar, but she can’t quite identify it. She shrugs and studies her surroundings.
The apartment is expensively furnished though in a somewhat tacky style. Red leather sofas recline in one corner, creating a closed off seating area arranged around a large centre table of moulded animal bone. Floor-to-ceiling shelves line the walls, each compartment holding the relic or artefact of some far or mid-colony culture, most probably extinct. Glo-orbs float just beneath the ceiling, subtly illuminating the room.
The Spider returns her attention to the animal bone table. A strange contraption rests on it, resembling the cross-section of a doll’s house, the front wall removed; but instead of displaying small-scale passages and bisected rooms, the house contains a series of miniature platforms, stacked one above the other and sloping slightly as they criss-cross the interior of the doll’s house. The platforms are linked by a complex series of elevators, trapdoors, and miniature swing bridges that appear to be controlled by a system of discreet pulleys and levers. The Spider suspects the entire contraption is some sort of cause-and-effect device, probably run by clockwork and gravity.
One other feature that interests her is the large gold pendulum hanging from a joint in the centre of the apartment ceiling. It swings in metronomic arcs, back and forth, back and forth, like a roving eye at a spectator sport. As a piece of art décor it appears intrusive, out of place. She wonders what its true purpose is.
Finally the Spider notes the crude wooden effigies that line the skirting of the floor, spaced about three feet apart. There are twenty statues, ten on either side of the room; ugly, misshapen little things, squatting in a menacing row, pebble-black eyes glaring ahead of them. They hold tiny blow pipes in their crude hands, pressed to bulbous lips and aimed directly at the thief.
The Spider senses some of the man’s peril at once.
She is about to move.
‘I wouldn’t do that if I were you,’ the thief warns, his eyes staring at her through the mirror.
‘And why is that, precious?’ she asks him.
‘The floor is pressure mined – one move and it’s bye-bye manyana.’
She follows the direction of his pointing finger. The little fetish figures form an avenue of threat on either side of him, part of some complex security system, the Spider suspects. If the thief moves the figures will instantly fire their blowpipes at him; high pressure barbs, no doubt, sub-sonic but still fast enough to hit the thief a dozen times before he has completed his first step.
‘Not quite the thief I thought you were,’ she says.
‘I have my off-days,’ he replies.
‘This could very well be the day you die,’ the Spider informs him. ‘The barbs in each of those blowpipes undoubtedly contain exotic neuro toxins. Your next move will be the one that kills you.’
‘So let’s not move, ok?’
‘I am in no danger,’ she tells him, ‘I am outside their sensor range.’
‘We don’t know that for certain.’
‘It’s a theory I’m willing to test.’
The man raises a forestalling hand. ‘Don’t do that – why would you do that? We can figure something else out.’ He stares hard at her reflection. ‘Who are you anyway?’ he demands, ‘you look like some kind of god; I bet you are, one of them spider gods. I’ve always admired your lot – you know, the agility, the dexterity – I tell my daughter if ever one of the spider gods takes to the profession, the rich and famous better look out. ’
‘The profession?’
‘Burglary.’
‘Gods do not burgle.’
The thief smiles, ‘Come on, you telling me you’ve never been tempted?’
‘I object to your tone, mortal,’ the Spider bridles.
‘I’m in no position to object to yours,’ the thief shrugs. ‘Don’t mind me, I always babble when faced with imminent death. Some people whistle, I babble, helps me concentrate.’
‘How often do you face death in your chosen profession?’
‘About twice a week, sometimes more; either it’s death I risk or capture, and quite frankly I prefer the former.’
‘Are the rewards worth it?’
He thinks about this. ‘I don’t know that I do it for the rewards, lady. I rake in a tidy profit, no doubt. A few overheads here and there, but believe me, in this trade, it’s mostly all profit. But in a pinch I’d have to say I do it more for the buzz.’
‘The buzz?’
‘The adrenaline rush, the high I get whenever one of my capers makes the dailies. It’s like most of the time I’m plugged into this statistical mainframe, like a perpetual slow-motion machine, but the moment I’m out on a job, the moment I’m working the fringes of society, ah, that’s the moment I become totally unplugged, alive, amped up, freaked out. The only place I can breathe is beyond the pale.’
The Spider is familiar with this ‘buzz’. She knows it by other names, but the concept is still the same. In many ways she too works the fringes of society. She is amused that she and this petty villain have so much in common.
‘Are you married?’ she asks him.
‘Was. Died.’ Close cropped answers, the Spider senses there is much pain hidden here.
‘What does your daughter think of your chosen profession?’
‘She’s twelve years old,’ the thief replies. ‘Angela, that’s her name, beautiful girl, the only treasure I possess I didn’t have to steal.’
‘If you die who looks after her?’
‘If I don’t work who looks after either of us?’ he snaps. He looks annoyed for a moment, but then shrugs, and in a softer voice he says, ‘I know, you’re right, I’m dicing with her future. You don’t have to spell it out. I wrestle with my conscience every time I leave her, every time I say goodbye, and I wonder if I’m ever going to see her again.’
‘Yet still you take the risks you do.’
‘It’s not like I have a choice,’ he protests. ‘You’re a god, that’s easy to see. You don’t have to live in the basin districts with the rest of us – we live like animals – the city is built on our bones and our blood and our labour and there’s not many of us live to old age or a comfortable pension, I’ll tell you. You ever been to Myopia? Even the name’s a god’s-damned joke.’
‘I’ve been to Myopia,’ the Spider replies.
‘So you’ve seen it for yourself.’
‘I’ve seen it for myself.’ She thinks of that godforsaken wasteland they call a district. She tries to imagine having to call it home. ‘Is that where you’re from?’ she asks.
‘I’m not saying where I’m from,’ he replies guardedly, ‘but you get the picture.’
‘And so you steal from the rich, to feed your starving child,’ the Spider laughs. ‘I’ve heard some sob stories in my time, darling –‘
The thief shrugs. ‘Believe what you want, I don’t care; I’m not excusing myself. I’m just telling you the facts as I see them. I do what I do to get by, just like you.’
Yes, she thinks, just like me.
‘I am Lady Genevieve Desdemona,’ she informs him, ‘formerly of the House of Arachnids.’
He whistles. ‘And who hasn’t heard of her? You leave a blaze of unsolved disappearances in your wake, my lady, and a lot of bizarre rumours.’
‘You have nothing to fear from me,’ she assures him.
‘As if I didn’t have enough to fear already,’ he mutters. ‘I’m stuffed, lady. I’ve been trying to figure these little blowpipe munchkins out,’ he points to the effigies. ‘You know ... what makes them tick, but more especially what makes them tock, because I have a feeling it’s the tock that’s going to kill me.’
‘And you’re none the wiser?’ The Spider sighs, ‘It’s a wonder you’ve survived so long.’
‘Alright-alright,’ he says impatiently, ‘I’ll figure it out sooner or later – I’m not used to working with distractions.’
‘I’ll remain silent then,’ the Spider says, ‘whilst you figure it out.’
She says nothing further for a while. She sniffs the air. The chemical scent she’d detected when she’d first entered the apartment, she now recognizes - Triptomine Nitrate; a mild neural agent, not immediately fatal unless mixed with other toxins, and then only in the correct dosage. But why would this room carry traces of that particular scent?
‘Are you just going to stand there?’ the thief demands.
Desdemona turns her attention back to him. ‘You asked me not to distract you.’
The thief frowns. ‘Listen,’ he says, ‘I know you’ve got all kinds of enhanced abilities. You’re a god. How the hell did you get in here in the first place if you weren’t? I know you don’t know me and I don’t know you, but how about we suspend the usual formalities and you lend me a hand, aye, for my daughter’s sake?’
‘You should have thought about her before you started out on this venture.’
‘I did, I do,’ the thief protests. ‘I’m not copping a mercy flight here, I’m just asking for a break.’
‘Are you afraid to die?’
‘Can’t say I am,’ the thief shrugs, ‘comes to us all in the end. But when you have a little one it makes it harder to be so blasé. You become afraid for them. If she loses me she’s not going to survive, it’s that simple. She’s special, you see.’
‘Special?’
The burglar shakes his head. ‘It’s hard to explain. What does it matter? We’re all special, right?’
‘If you say so.’
He grins. ‘Something I heard once. We’re all special or else we wouldn’t be here. It’s one of those closed logic statements, like saying a thing is true because you said it was true and if it wasn’t true you wouldn’t have said it was.’
‘You’re babbling again.’
‘Am I? Damn, it’s hard to think. How long has it been?’
‘Five minutes and thirty-two seconds.’
‘Feels longer.’
‘Are you any closer to a solution?’
‘It’s hard to tell. My options are limited every way I look at it.’ He glances up at the pendulum swinging above his head.
‘What do you suppose that’s for?’ he asks. ‘It started moving the moment I entered the room.’
‘You triggered it with your body weight,’ the Spider explains. ‘Its arc has been steadily decaying in the last few minutes. When it comes to a standstill the trap will be sprung and you will die.’
She hears the thief gulp. ‘How long do you suppose I‘ve got?’ he asks.
‘By my calculations, less than two minutes,’ the Spider replies.
The thief groans deep in his throat, the sound of a trapped animal. ‘I can’t figure it –’ he whispers to himself. ‘Pressure trap; why a pressure trap? Why not a silent alarm? This is all too elaborate, I’m missing something. What if I move before the pendulum stops?’
‘You will trigger the trap sooner.’ the Spider says.
‘So I’m royally stuffed?’
‘So it would seem.’
‘Why? What kind of sick mind devises a trap like this?’
‘You mean you don’t know?’
He twists his head to stare at her. ‘Know what?’ he asks, his voice hoarse with emotion.
‘The story of Tino Stark - the greatest thief that ever lived.’
The thief continues to stare at her.
The Spider sighs. ‘Who owns this apartment?’ she asks him.
The thief frowns. ‘Dunno,’ he says flatly; then abruptly shakes his head. ‘Actually I do, some bloke called Austin P Winters, dunno much about him, only that he’s a sick motherfucker.’
‘Why do you think he would set so elaborate a trap?’
After thinking about this, the thief says, ‘Maybe he’s been robbed before. Maybe he’s sick of being robbed; wants some payback.’
‘It helps to understand your adversary,’ she says.
The thief hawks, but thinks better of spitting. ‘I understand he’s an arsehole,’ he mutters.
‘I do not condone foul language in my presence.’
‘You don’t?’ he laughs abrasively; then calms himself with an effort. ‘I’m sorry,’ he mutters, ‘it’s just that I’m having a foul language day.’
‘Would you like to hear the story of Tino Stark?’
The thief glances up at the pendulum above him, its arc visibly decaying, its speed slowing – soon it will stop - soon it will stop!
‘Tino Stark,’ the thief says to tear himself away from this morbid thought. ‘Go on, goddess; tell me about Tino Stark. Might well be the last story I ever get to hear.’
THE TAO OF TINO
The Spider nods. ‘Very well,’ she says, ‘let me be brief. Tino Stark was a very uncommon criminal, a visionary amongst thieves one might say. He lived before the Damascus War, over a hundred and fifty years ago, and during the course of his career plundered more than eighty croats worth of jewels and precious metals from the rich and the obscenely rich. There was no security apparatus he could not de-riddle, no perfect defence grid he could not defeat. He was a legend in his lifetime, acquiring mythical status amongst his peers, which is why I’m surprised you’ve never heard of him.’
‘Well I haven’t,’ the thief says. His voice sounds increasingly strained. He glances up at the pendulum again. ‘How long have I got?’
‘A minute and a half, darling,’ purrs the Spider, ‘more than enough time to finish my tale.’
‘Please do,’ the thief encourages her.
The Spider nods. ‘This is not generally known, but Tino Stark was the only thief to break into Cognitia itself– that over gilded cage they call the City of Gods.’
The thief’s eyes meet the Spider’s in the mirror. ‘The City of Gods,’ he says, ‘impossible!’ He seems almost insulted by the suggestion. ‘Such a thing could not have happened. That would be like breaking into the vaults of heaven itself.’
‘I will not waste the last two minutes of your life spinning yarns,’ the Spider assures him. ‘Take my word for it, Tino Stark accomplished the impossible. He broke into Cognitia and robbed the gods in their own lair.’
The thief grins, his eyes regain their sparkle for a moment. ‘That must have been the greatest heist in all of history,’ he says.
The Spider nods. ‘Yet it is largely unknown outside of certain circles. How could the gods let news of this humiliation spread to their mortal subjects? The external security of Cognitia is virtually impenetrable, but inside the divine district itself security is singularly lax. The gods did not believe anyone could penetrate their outer defences. They were to pay for that complacency because once he got in Tino Stark had a field day.’
‘How much did he steal?’ She can hear the excitement in the thief’s voice. ‘How much?’
‘Nobody knows,’ the Spider replies. ‘Those who had been robbed were reluctant to admit to their loss and so an exact figure was hard to tally. No one realised Tino had even been in the district until more than a week after he’d made good his escape. To avoid embarrassment, the gods suppressed any news of the break-in, but they were understandably miffed. They called in the Guild of Assassins and in quite blunt terms, requested the head of Tino Stark.’
‘The Guild of Assassins,’ the thief whistles. ‘Tino’s goose was cooked for sure.’ Despite the death sentence hanging over his own head, he seems genuinely interested in the fate of Tino Stark. ‘What happened, goddess, did they get him?’
‘The assassins set a trap for Tino; a very cunning trap. They presented him with bait they knew he couldn’t resist. Millennium Harcourt, the heavy metal merchant, was holding an exhibition at his home mansion that would showcase some of the finest jewels in his collection. The event was heavily advertised in the press. The day of the exhibition was billed as Millennium Day.’
The thief nods impatiently. ‘And Tino Stark went for the jewels?’ he says. ‘I don’t mean to hurry you, lady, but time is precious if you know what I mean.’
The Spider nods. ‘The night after the exhibition Tino Stark broke in to the mansion, evaded security and made his way to the exhibition hall. It was there, in the hall, that he was trapped in what became known as a stark enigma.’
‘A what?’
The Spider points to the cause-and-effect contraption. ‘You see that device?’ she asks.
‘You mean the doll’s house,’ the thief is understandably edgy, ‘yeah, I see it, what about it?’
‘It is a variation of a stark enigma. When the pendulum above you stops swinging, a ball bearing will be released onto the platform at the very top of the house. Through a series of ingenious devices, controlled by counterweights, trapdoors, levers, and hidden springs, the ball will make its predetermined way down to the bottom of the house where it will strike the tiny figure you see standing in the hall. That figure represents you. When the figure falls it strikes a lever and the effigies around you fire toxic barbs into your flesh.’
The thief contemplates this. He stares at the doll’s house with newfound respect. At last he says, ‘That’s what they did to Tino Stark?’
‘The device they used was many times larger, and far more elaborate than this one, but the principle was the same,’ the Spider replies.
The thief shakes his head. ‘But why?’
‘The Guild of Assassins is a quasi-religious sect.’ the Spider replies, ‘They believe in the chaos that underpins creation. They wished to kill Tino Stark. They were foresworn to kill him in fact. But the Assassins cannot carry out a task without introducing an element of chance into the equation. The stark enigma is ninety-nine percent accurate each time. But it has a redundancy feature, a one percent chance of failure. If the device fails the trap fails and you go free.’
The thief blew his cheeks out. ‘What happened to Tino?’ he whispers as though his life hangs on the answer to this question.
‘Tino,’ the Spider replies, ‘beat the trap.’
‘How?’
‘No one knows. The Stark Enigma did not fail. The trap was sprung. But when the hall was opened the next morning, Stark was gone and so were the jewels.’
The thief hisses, ‘How, damn you?’
The Spider ignores the question. ‘After that Tino Stark vanished from the pages of history and no one knows what became of him.’ She shrugs indifferently, ‘The stark enigma became a craze. It was used many times over the ensuing decades. It never again failed. Thousands of thieves died in the trap. No one ever again beat the law of averages.’
‘So this is a stark enigma.’ The thief glances up at the pendulum. It is almost motionless. He seems calm all of a sudden. His tells have become strange, his heart rate slowing, his thoughts becoming abstract and formless. The Spider watches him intently. Soon he will die. He is only seconds away, yet he seems to be shedding his fear; growing stronger, not weaker, as though slowly learning to embrace the inevitable.
‘This is the stark enigma,’ the Spider says. ‘Having been robbed eighteen times before, twice at gun point, the man who owns this apartment has a pathological and quite understandable hatred of burglars. He installed this device to insure your death was as slow and agonising as possible. The poison is slow-acting and quite irreversible. It will take twenty-four hours to kill you. By that time you will be in such agony that death itself will be a merciful release.’
‘So the pendulum is just to make me sweat? Ratchet up the drama.’
The Spider shakes her head. ‘The pendulum provides you with time.’
‘Time?’
‘Enough time to figure a way out of the trap. But there is no way out. The trap is perfect. When the barbs strike, your first instinct will be to flee this apartment, to escape the law. You will die elsewhere, leaving no corpse behind and no trace of your murder.’
The thief grins. ‘Well,’ he says in an almost cheery voice, ‘here go the law of averages, care to place a bet?’
As the pendulum comes to a complete stop, the Spider replies, ‘I do not bet on dead men.’
THE ENIGMA MACHINE
The moment the pendulum stops the enigma ball is sprung. The thief and the Spider watch it roll along the topmost platform of the doll’s house. Its progress sounds thunderously loud in the apartment, like a boulder dragged downhill by its own rolling momentum.
‘You have less than thirty seconds,’ the Spider informs the thief, ‘before the ball triggers the trap. How does it feel to be this close to eternity?’
‘Like the greatest buzz in the world,’ the thief breathes, ‘but I still have a card up my sleeve.’
The Spider stares at him. ‘You have figured a way out of the trap?’
‘I have,’ the thief replies. He holds up a small translucent phial in his hand. ‘Before I broke in I injected myself with a dose of Triptomine Nitrate,’ he says. ‘When the trap goes off and the barbs strike me, the poison they contain will mix with the Triptomine causing instantaneous death rather than the slow and agonising one planned for me.’ He tosses the phial over his shoulder and the Spider catches it, examining it carefully. It is an injectoid, one end containing a tiny needle, the other end a small plunger. Once pressed against the flesh the phial immediately releases its toxic cargo into the bloodstream. Placing it under her nose, the Spider can detect the faint smell of Triptomine. The same scent she had noticed earlier. The thief is not lying.
‘To what purpose?’ the Spider frowns as she flings the phial aside.
The enigma ball falls through its first trapdoor, landing on the second of the house’s five platforms. It strikes a lever that flips it up into a small metal hoop that then swings the enigma ball into position over a series of zigzagging runners before releasing it. The thief watches as the ball rolls along each runner, dropping down to the next; its path steady and irreversible.
‘I was aware of you watching me from the communication tower across the road,’ the thief says, ‘and why wouldn’t you watch me, I’m pretty damned good at what I do. Two hours you watched my progress, goddess, and when I broke into the apartment you followed, just as I knew you would.’ He shakes his head as the enigma ball lands on the third platform. There are only two platforms left before it reaches the miniature figure standing in the hall. ‘We watch the things we don’t understand,’ he says. ‘We try and emulate the things we admire. I’ve watched you many times myself, Desdemona.’
‘Why?’
‘Because you’re pretty damned good at what you do,’ he grins. ‘We’re alike, you and I, more alike than you care to admit. We both chance the abyss; we’re both refugees from the law of averages.’
‘How long have you watched me?’
‘A century,’ the thief shrugs, ‘maybe more. Not all the time, but occasionally, every now and again. Kind of an off-duty hobby. I know what you’re looking for.’
‘What am I looking for?’
‘An answer to your one burning question.’
‘And what is that question, thief?’
‘What is it like to be human?’
She stares at him as the ball drops onto the penultimate platform.
‘Who are you?’ she demands.
‘You know who I am,’ the thief spreads his hands. ‘You’ve known all along, goddess.’
‘Tino Stark;’ the Spider breathes, ‘the greatest thief of all time.’
‘I‘ve had many names,’ Tino shrugs. ‘Down through the ages I’ve been known to many cultures, many civilisations. I guess if I had a true name it would be chance, or enigma. People like me exist to balance the laws of cause and effect. We’re the virus in the computer as it were.’
‘And how will you escape this time, Tino?’
‘You will rescue me.’
The Spider smiles in cold amusement. ‘I will?’
The thief nods. ‘You were always part of my escape plan,’ he says. ‘If the barbs took slow effect you would have questioned me before I died, I’m pretty certain of that. It helps to know your adversary ... your words, not mine. But now I’ve made certain my death is instantaneous, I guess you have no choice but to rescue me. If you don’t, you’ll never learn the answer to the single question that plagues you. My long life will be over and I will die here on this apartment floor.’
The ball has reached the final platform. Now it makes its complex way towards the figure standing in the hall. The thief is calm. He watches the ball. There is no emotion on his face. No tells to reveal his state of mind - nothing.
‘You will die,’ the Spider whispers. ‘It is certain.’
‘Is it, goddess?’ the thief shrugs. ‘Then I will certainly die. But you and I both know we live in a far from certain universe.’
The ball has almost reached the figure in the hall.
He is right. The thief has guessed the Spider’s intentions. She had wanted to question him after the trap was sprung. With the toxins ravaging his body, the thief would have been malleable to interrogation. But now he will die too soon and the opportunity will be lost.
The thief spreads his arms; his eyes close, he smiles secretly to himself. What is he thinking? She tries desperately to penetrate his wall of calm, but she cannot. It’s as though he is falling away from her, down into the truth of his own being.
‘Who are you?’ she whispers as the ball rolls towards the figure in the hall.
‘I am human,’ he says and his face has taken on a peculiar glow, as though the pores of his flesh are shedding the very light of his mind.
The ball strikes the figure.
The thief is so calm.Where is he? What has become of him? What is this power within him that cannot be contained?
The figure in the hall topples, falling towards the lever that will trigger the trap.
What is this power within him? Is he divine? Is he the hidden power within all mortals?
The figure strikes the lever.
‘NO!’ The Spider moves with the speed of divinity, her medusa coils triggering a hailstorm of barbs that explode out in all directions, tiny projectiles with explosive tips, glowing with the heat of their propulsion. The blowpipe effigies instantly disintegrate, exploding violently as the Spider’s projectiles strike true.
“?”
The thief opens his eyes and looks around him. ‘Thank the gods that’s over, aye?’
He stretches and his joints pop in the sudden deathly quiet. The Spider stares down at him. She feels unusually ruffled. ‘I could still kill you,’ she says.
‘But you won’t,’ the thief dusts himself off. ‘You admire me too much. Admit it.’
‘Don’t push your luck, mortal,’ she growls.
‘You are entitled to one question,’ the thief helps himself to a glass of bourbon from a nearby cabinet. ‘If I answer it honestly you will let me complete my business and leave.’
The Spider inclines her head. ‘You’ve earned that much,’ she admits.
The thief sips from his glass. ‘Fire away,’ he winces slightly as the liquor scorches the back of his throat.
She wants to ask him how he broke into the City of Gods over a hundred years ago. She wants to ask him how he escaped the original stark enigma in Millennium Harcourt’s exhibition hall. She wants to ask him how he has lived this long. Is he mortal? Is he a god? Can he die? Was he ever really in danger? She has a million and one questions, but in the end she asks him only the one he has permitted her.
‘What’s it like?’
He studies her for a long time. Then he finishes his drink and straightens up.
‘It’s like you finally understand what you are,’ he says softly. ‘God, mortal, angel or demon, we’re all variations on the same theme, all of us human in our own way, and at the core of that humanity is the ever present question: Is this all I am? What’s it like, goddess? It’s like surrendering your pride, your ego, your strength, your very life; it’s like letting go of the fear of dying and just learning to live, one blessed moment at a time.’
‘What are you?’
‘Tut-tut,’ the thief wags his finger, ‘one question only.’
‘I need to know,’ the Spider insists.
‘Very well, but then I really must be about my business. What am I? It’s easier to tell you what I was. I was mortal once. I was born; I lived and died as a mortal, many times, over and over. As the great ages went by I began to evolve, to accumulate knowledge, wisdom. I learnt how to increase my mortal lifespan, to manifest my inner potential,’ he approaches her as he talks, his eyes seeming to expand the closer he gets until they are as large as twin moons and the Spider cannot tear her gaze away from their gravity. ‘I yearned to be a god,’ he says as he places a hand against her breast, as though to feel the powerful beating of her heart. She does not protest; she is held in thrall by his words.
‘To be immortal,’ he continues as he withdraws his hand, ‘to live beyond the ravages of old age, beyond the certain claim of death, to have power over my own destiny; these are the things I yearned for when I was human. Eventually I acquired enough knowledge to unleash my will upon the flesh. I became a god, literally transcending the cycle of life and death. I was infinite. I lived a million years in my cosmic shell, a creature of unimaginable will, inconceivable power, and at the end of my time as a god I came to realise that all I really wanted was to be human again; to be small and vulnerable, to treasure every moment as though it were my last. That’s what I wished for, and so I will now answer your question, goddess. What am I? I am human. I am finally and truly human. It took a long time, but trust me, in the end it was worth the effort.’
The goddess bows her head and then stands quietly watching as the thief sets about robbing the place of valuables. She thinks about what he has just told her. She thinks about it for a long time
*
On the way back to her castle the Spider swings by the basin district of Myopia, a squalid district of ruin and ungovernable despair. She does not come here to hunt; she has no appetite tonight. She simply observes the teeming streets from her shadowy rooftop perches. There is a strange yearning in her that she cannot identify. She watches until the streets begin to empty, and then she leaves, rising towards her own district of Narcissus. She feels empty, alone, her ancient heart filled with unfamiliar sadness.
Tonight she does not feel like a goddess. Tonight she feels like a ghost in search of its humanity. She is divine and yet she would give up that divinity to be mortal, if only for a night; to love and be loved and to be weak, desperately relying on the strength of another. What must that be like? She abhors that weakness in mortals, and yet tonight she craves it. Tomorrow I will be a goddess, she promises herself, but tonight just let me be human.
*
It is only when she gets back to her castle that she realises her valuable diamond broach is missing from her right breast.
TEMPLE OF THE FLY
THE KILL
The Spider is patient. She has hung here for over two hours, drifting slightly in warm updrafts of air, her web strand anchored to the girders and cross conduits that roof the central plazas and thoroughfares of District Halcyon. Four arms folded across her elongated torso, cocooned in shadow, looking down on unsuspecting streets – waiting – waiting –
*
Below her the streets of Halcyon are displayed in grid-fashion, pedestrian herds shambling along neon-lit causeways; arterial bursts of motion that clot and congeal around the lights at numerous intersections. The Spider has learnt to recognise prey by the way it walks through such crowds; a certain gait, a peculiar strut, a subtle code that fires the instinctive killer in her.
She is waiting for the hunt to begin.
Tendrils of web dangle below her, drifting in currents of recycled air. They act like organic antennae that closely monitor the streets, filtering out ambient back noise, focusing on specifics. She tunes in and out of conversations, following individual footfalls, breath rhythm. If she focuses hard enough she can pick up on distilled thoughts like distant voices, spouting garbled nonsense mostly, but occasionally offering up snippets of lucid insight.
The harder the hunt, she reflects, the sweeter the meat.
*
Ah, here he comes – the prey she has been waiting for. The Spider picks up on the man’s tells long before he comes into view. She deliberately rests in the heart of neon wash, the ambivalence of glass reflection, surrounded by the thunder of heavy metal, the taunt and warble of emergency sirens. Overhead the skies are swarming with gav cars and floating trams, jagged splinters of light converging and scattering into patterns of grand delusion. Police hoppers hum past like metallic mantis, silicon wings beating a continuous blur. The crowds below have merged into a single convoluted beast. The Spider thinks of them as nihilistic – dead minds – purgatory defined in the blank of their stare, the harmony of their stupor.
*
Tap-tapa-tap-tap – out of sequence, purposeful and sly. She follows the broken rhythm of her prey, tuned in with superhuman senses, listening through the slivers of web vine that trail below her. He is a killer, here to hunt down prey of his own. She can hear his accelerated heartbeat, testosterone pumping. She can sense his prick hardening in anticipation of the kill.
Lady Desdemona smiles; her wait is almost over.
*
The killer comes into visual range. The Spider can smell the carnage exhaled on his every breath. He is large, young and fit. Just the way she likes them. Despite his size he moves invisibly through the crowd, attention focused on a small portly man several paces ahead of him. This man is the killer’s intended victim; of this the Spider is certain. He trails the portly man with an ease born of experience; he has done this many, many times before, dissolving into shadow whenever the target hesitates, picking up the trail again when he resumes his stroll.
*
The Spider takes time to study the killer’s intended victim, a soft and civilized man with manicured hands and obviously pampered tastes. He is an easy kill: nondescript, clothes well-tailored, aftershave mixed with expensive pheromones that no doubt make him more attractive to the opposite sex. A robbery? There can be no other motive for killing him.
She is curious about the briefcase the victim holds tightly clasped in one hand. Could that be the object of the killer’s mission? Perhaps the case contains jewellery, uncoded credit chips, data crystals. Whatever the contents a man is about to lose his life over them and the Spider is momentarily tempted to let the killer have his way, just to confirm it was the briefcase he was truly after. But she decides on a whim to take him just before he slays the portly man. It is more of a challenge to bring down a predator in mid charge than after it is sated on the kill.
*
For more than two hours Desdemona has hung still as a gargoyle above the city streets and now, in an instant, she explodes into action. Spinning web across open space, she snags the u-bend of a steel pipe, pulling the line taut before sliding her body out over the precipice. Extruding a second strand from the base of her spine, the Spider plays it out behind her as she scuttles along the master strand; the second serves as a control web; if she slips it will instantly arrest her fall. As she moves into the open, her silhouette is exposed for treacherous seconds to sudden light wash from below, but no reward without risk she reminds herself.
Once across the street she scrambles along the wall of a building, her spinneret unravelling control webs behind her. She does not need to see her prey, she can feel him through her web antennae and the hairs standing up along her spine. She can feel his arrogance, his excitement, and if she listens hard enough she can hear the dull boom of his thoughts –
*
Only a core of military indoctrination holds the killer’s mind together. He visualises the imminent execution of the portly man as a series of precise steps, a ballet fatâl. Smooth. Less than a second will pass and the deed will be done, and by the time people notice that the man lying in the street is dying and not merely intoxicated the killer will be long gone. The Spider admires him, one murderer admiring another. She respects his commitment to the hunt, even as she sets in motion a hunt of her own.
*
In the instant before she strikes, her scrying eyes flash open and it is then that the killer’s fate is sealed for Lady Desdemona, like a master chess tactician, not only sees every move he has made in the last thirty seconds, but every move he can possibly make in the next thirty.
*
She is fluid, surrendering in an instant to liquid mind; three pairs of eyes, three points of view - past, present, and future, merging into a focal singularity. As she moves, her brain slips into fast abstraction. Desdemona retraces the killer’s steps in almost holographic detail, going as far back as the moment he first caught sight of his intended target in a street-side café.
At the same moment she studies every move the killer will make. She sees the murder of the victim in graphic detail. She sees his body hitting the ground, thrown into violent spasms by the killing shot; neurons misfiring like sparklers at a child’s Bles’mas party. She sees the killer scooping the briefcase up and disappearing back into the crowd, his anonymity ensured by the sheer volume of people. The Spider remembers the future frame by frame and by the time the killer makes his move in real-time, she is intimate with his destiny.
*
She makes her move when the killer makes his move. The very instant. He is as fast as thought, but she is as fast as instinct and far faster than he.
The killer is raising his laz gun, a tiny metallic object that fits snugly in the palm of his hand. He is moving between two pedestrians, lining his gun up on the centre of the portly man’s back, his finger poised against the trigger.
She launches a docile from one of her medusa coils and a tiny sliver of steel slices cleanly through the air and smacks into the side of the killer’s neck. It is small and painless and the killer doesn’t even notice it as the sliver deposits its payload into his blood stream. When it is empty it immediately grows brittle and drops from his neck, shattering against the ground.
The killer takes another half dozen steps, keeping his gun steady, accelerating his pace, closing fast with his victim. Then he freezes, his eyes going wide as the effects of the Spider’s toxin smash into his brain. His lips curl with horror and as though moving underwater he begins to beat at his flesh in a slow, drugged frenzy. He drops the laz gun as his fellow pedestrians reel away from him. His anonymity is gone. He is now the object of consternation and scorn, pity even – and meanwhile the portly man slips away, oblivious to how close he had come to death. The Spider is no longer interested in his fate. It is the would-be killer that she wants.
The toxins injected into his body melt the killer’s mind into a fugue of madness. He is beating at imaginary spiders swarming his flesh. In his mind they are devouring him. He begins to run, barrelling into people, screaming, trying to brush his illusionary tormentors from his skin. They are burrowing into his body, attacking his insides, eating his spleen and his liver and his heart, and in his dementia the killer begins to froth at the mouth.
And then the worst of his terror is over. He becomes sluggish, placid. He slows to a trot and eventually comes to a standstill. His mind is blank now, the terrors gone. He belongs to the Spider. He has become her fly.
By rubbing the elbows of her tru-arms together, the Spider emits a high-pitched frequency. It creates a sub-sonic vibration, unheard by all but the killer; a suggestion that acts in lieu of the killer’s mind, and almost at once his body jerks to attention, his eyes staring blankly ahead. Hiding in the shadows above the street, Desdemona urges her fly to go to a place of her choosing, an alley no great distance from where he presently stands. It is deserted and what she intends for him requires privacy. The killer walks dreamily through the crowds, the goddess guiding him from her remote position, teasing him left and right until it is a straight run to the mouth of the alley, and then she moves ahead to meet him.
*
In the gloom of the alley the killer snaps violently out of his trance, his arms flailing, his eyes wide and rolling. An instant ago he had been out on the street, moving through vibrant crowds. He looks around, confused; muttering choice expletives – some kind of alley – what the hell was he doing in an alley? His laz gun is gone. He remembers the portly man, the briefcase, the planned assassination. It all comes back to him in a rush; aiming at the man’s back, easy target, hard to miss – and then in a flash he is here, in this alley, and it’s freaking him out – Is he losing his mind, just like they said he would? Like mother, like son, they told him.
He stares around at the crawling walls, the septic pipes, the graffiti runes, the high windowless walls of the alley, slick and black with soot. He knows a death trap when he sees one. Suddenly terrified he staggers towards the entrance and that’s when she steps out of the shadows –
*
He stares at her in disbelief. Seven, eight feet tall, sweet balls of Joot! What the fuck is she? Black armoured, six eyes blazing down on him like the lights of kingdom come, and suddenly he is pissing himself in a frenzy of terror, half remembered prayers tumbling from his lips.
‘Do you wish to live or die?’ she asks him and it is not a real voice, not a sane voice; it is more like a tickling in his mind and in his balls, it is the voice of premonition – it is the fucking voice of inevitability –
‘Oh, Ishtar,’ he breaths in a rattling sigh. ‘I want to live, mother, I want to fuckin’
live – ’
‘Then live!’ she hisses and is on him before he can scream.
He does not even struggle. She is disappointed. He is impotent with fear. She despises him his weakness. She despises the way the aggression leaves him the instant he lays eyes on her. If he had fought back, cursed her, spit in her face, anything, she would have spared him a while longer, she would have brought him back to her lair and bequeathed him hours of sensual bliss before devouring his liquefied remains. But the thought of mating with this snivelling coward quite frankly repels her. Desdemona mates only with the strong.
He pisses himself like a dog as he stands quivering in front of her, his mind retreating into infancy. He does not even attempt to lift his hands in defence of his life. She is on him in an instant, snuffing out that life as she brings him to the ground and she is angered by how easy it is – how worthless her prey turned out to be.
*
When it is over she cocoons him and harnesses him to her torso by two strands of web. She can carry ten times her own body weight and despite his two hundred pound frame, she hoists him easily, carrying him back to Phobia, her divine carriage. On the streets below it is as if the killer has vanished off the face of the planet.
THE HIT
‘Mother,’ Djoba cries as the Spider hauls her most recent catch through an upper floor window of her castle.
‘Djoba,’ the Spider replies dryly as she winches herself down to ground level on a strand of silk.
Djoba is a demigod fallen on hard times, scavenging the margins of the Spider’s nest for anything he can use. He has no particular taste for human flesh, but being an opportunist will take what he can. The Spider loves him and loathes him in equal measure. She tolerates him because he is infinitely resourceful and because Lord Dagda, known as the good god, has given demis special protection status. Desdemona could not slay Djoba even if she’d wanted to.
Djoba was born with only one leg, a thickly muscled limb that seems more like an articulate continuation of his torso. The fact he has one leg does not slow the bulbous man-toad down one jot since he walks on his hands, supporting the weight of his body on his enormously powerful arms. His leg is used largely for hopping and when compressed beneath him and released suddenly, Djoba can leap a startling distance; one of his many eccentricities.
‘Mother’s brought art for the artist,’ Djoba’s bulging eyes glint in the hall shadows, greedily scrutinizing the Spider’s latest victim.
‘You’ll have none of him till I’m finished.’
The Spider lays the cocooned corpse out on the ground then strolls across to a slab of polished steel, brushing it free of frost and examining her reflection in the surface. She summons Djoba to her side with a click of her fingers. Dutifully the demigod helps the goddess unbuckle her body armour, his thickly calloused toes surprisingly dextrous as he uncouples the torso segments, unclasps the shoulder and upper arm shields, and finally the hip, thigh and calf plates.
‘Mother,’ he says as he collects the armour together, ‘shall I run your bath? I picked up yombi oils when I went for groceries today. I can give you a massage right after a hot bubble bath, wouldn’t that be nice?’ He licks his lips as he surveys the Spider’s naked body.
‘I’ll be fine,’ the Spider appraises herself in the mirrored steel. ‘Run along and make yourself useful, Djoba,’ she tells him. ‘If you really want to be helpful, polish my armour, it’s beginning to lose its divine sparkle. Make sure you get right down between the scales, full lubrication, and don’t skimp on the polish this time.’
‘Yes, Mother,’ Djoba shrugs his disappointment as he heads off to the armoury. He gives the cocooned corpse an experimental nudge on his way past, just to see if there’s some life left in it. Uh-uh! Quite dead. Another disappointment; Djoba likes it when they squeal.
*
Djoba is a scavenger, it is true, but this is really the least odious of his traits. He is a collector, you see. A collector of teeth, hands, bones, eyes, ears, scalps, anything he can filch off the dying or the dead. He uses these trophies as raw material for his ‘art’, making sculptures out of flesh and bone; abominations he mounts and displays in the west wing of the castle, right at the back of his laboratory. Most of Djoba’s work involves mercurious nitrate, a substance he uses to cure human flesh before transforming it into art. Mercury poisoning has been the sad result of this, and Djoba has become, over time, quite mad.
He sells his art to anonymous collectors in the basin districts south of the Meridium (any district south of District Meridia, situated on the city’s vertical equator). His work is well known in the cultural underground and much sought after, as much for his choice of material as for any virtues inherent in the art itself.
To all outward appearances Djoba resembles a toad, cannis sapien superior, a rather extraordinary human/amphibian hybrid with a long flickering tongue he uses to great and perverse effect, and bulging milk-grey eyes set directly on the top of his skull. His only attire is a skull cap with side flaps and sometimes a padded waistcoat, his only real vanity a walrus moustache that curves away from his face like the horns of a steer.
Djoba works in a small antechamber in the west wing of the castle that serves him as laboratory, workshop, and living quarters. Each night, to the Spider’s utter consternation, he fills the castle with the echoes of his fevered industry, and now and again shakes the building to its foundations with the muffled boom of some experiment gone awry.
He heads now towards his laboratory, calling out to the Spider just before he exits the hall. He is concerned lest Desdemona damage his prize before he gets a chance to work on it.
‘Throw me his teeth at least,’ he cries, ‘save me the bones. Don’t mark the canvass. I can’t make art of the poor munchkin if you bruise him up…’
‘I’m saving this one for later,’ Desdemona warns the demigod. ‘Don’t you dare touch him, Djoba, until I give permission.’
‘Of course, of course,’ Djoba’s podgy features follow the lines of a sudden grimace. ‘Never pilfer from a god’s larder,’ he mutters. ‘I’ve learnt that lesson well enough, Mother, believe me.’
Naked, Desdemona carries her victim up into her nest, Djoba anxiously watching her from the doorway of his laboratory.
‘My, my, he’s buffalo big,’ he croons to himself. ‘Reckon I could make quite a lot out of him. Bet he’s got loads of tats, that always raises the market value. Oh, please be careful with him, Mother, he’s a truly magnificent specimen.’
‘I loathe you, Djoba,’ the Spider hisses back over her shoulder.
‘I love you, Mother, simply luuuurve you,’ Djoba reciprocates by blowing her a tarty kiss. He knows she hates such crass gestures.
*
She leaves the killer hanging in her larder. In under half an hour he will be frozen solid. Djoba often complains that quality is reduced when the skin eventually thaws. To which the Spider politely suggests the little parasite go out and hunt down his own game.
*
She rests in the eye of her nest. She only ever feels at peace when she is here, in the navel of her own private universe. And when she is perfectly still her six eyes fall inwards upon themselves, her tri focus merging into one all-seeing state. She becomes every rock, every nook, every angle of her beloved castle, her senses awash with the millions of minute signals that whisper to her along infinite lines of tension. And soon she begins to dream.
A spider dreams in geometry, they dream Escheresque fractals that expand to become kaleidoscope skies and feverish landscapes. They dream Mandelbrot and Julia sets, imbued with the power of unlimited self-replication. They dream landscapes of cellular automata and great fractal trees that can swallow the sanity of lesser minds. They see the world as a collection of endless anchor points, space as a series of Omni-directional calculations where the laws of gravity can be remade as they see fit.
Desdemona dreams of a web that covers the entire surface of the planet, a world wide web, built by hundreds of millions - billions - of her kind, all working together in global harmony. It is the dream of every one of her sisters, every one of her brothers; a web planet, its strands stretching across continental land masses and vast mountain ranges, sounding the ocean depths, anchoring earth to sky and sky to earth. The sound of every earth tremor, every breath of wind, every rock fall, would be captured and amplified by such a web. The earth itself would find new voice along the infinite lines of such a silken matrix.
*
The Spider is aware of the men coming to kill her. She has been aware of them for some time. They plan to gain access to her castle through Hermes, the building upon which it is built. They are more than simple assassins, Desdemona suspects. Only fanatics would take on the might of a goddess.
In addition to Castle Arineae, the Spider owns several other properties scattered across the city, including the top three floors of the Hermes building. This is a prudent security measure, Desdemona believes, given the proximity of the penthouse suite to her lair.
It is this proximity that the assassins are trying to exploit.
*
The Spider’s web strands are more sensitive than conventional sensors. She has spun them across the floors, walls and ceiling of the penthouse suites below, connected through multiple air vents to the strands in her castle. This is akin to linking the suites directly to her nervous system. The slightest movement in the top floors of Hermes, the smallest shift in pressure, is relayed to the Spider almost instantaneously.
Unbeknown to the assassins below, the goddess Desdemona has been following their progress up through the floors of her suites for some time, tuned to their every move, their shallowest breath, and patiently she waits as they prepare to enter her frozen fortress.
*
It is night time when the assassins come for her and she is forced to give them their dues; courage born of desperation can make heroes out of madmen, she muses. Their daring enthrals her; they are mere mortals, yet they have embarked on this most perilous and foolhardy of missions – to assassinate a goddess no less. Desdemona suspects they are members of the Heathen. Only that outlawed band of fanatics would be so bold.
They will die, she thinks, it is sadly inevitable. And she will feed – this too is inevitable - but still, their very presence worries her. They have come to kill her in her own lair and this act alone suggests the rules of the long game are changing at last.
The Spider is perturbed. And secretly delighted –
*
The floors of the castle are crawling with trip wires and booby traps, but Desdemona does not allow any of these to be triggered. Once inside Castle Arineae she is quietly confident her enemies will never again leave. She warns Djoba to prepare for the coming assault and the demi wisely flees to his workshop, slamming and bolting the door behind him. Desdemona hears him scrambling around his rooms, desperately trying to fortify his lair with whatever comes to hand.
*
She wants the assassins to come to her. From their own tortured lips she wants to hear their confession. Who sent them; who dared put out a contract on a god? She waits in the centre of her web, listening to vibrations. Her fingers and toes are in direct contact with the draglines that form the fretwork of her nest. The slightest tremor reveals volumes of information; height, gender, age, level of fitness.
There are six assassins. She is intimate with each one before they have even breached the castle walls. Six blind mice sent to kill a god.
She laughs.
She senses the men falter as the sound of her mirth echoes through the halls of the castle. Their fear intensifies and for a few moments Desdemona fears they will turn back. But then they move forward again, hesitantly, splitting into two groups of three, trying to come at her from convergent directions.
She lets them come.
She sends them an invitation, a subliminal disturbance in the air. She senses the men grow bolder in response to her summons, and slowly she moves down out of her nest to greet them.
*
Heavily armed, dressed in bio suits to resist the intense cold of the castle, the men appear cumbersome, relying, no doubt, on firepower alone to carry the day. Had she wished the Spider could have killed them a dozen times over by now; ignorance is bliss.
The first group moves up the remains of the grand stairs, the second group circling around the back of the castle in an effort to outflank the Spider. She makes her own move, scuttling fast across the ceiling, a phantom cloaked in shadow. She hears the panicked thoughts of the assassins; quick, garbled. They wear multi-spectrum goggles, scanning every nook and cranny as they sneak through the castle, but the Spider is too fast for them and takes the last man in the first group with barely a struggle.
*
She slips a web noose down over his neck and draws it tight, instantly cutting off his screams. She yanks her choking victim upwards; five feet, ten, fifteen. His legs perform a frantic jig, hands clawing at his throat. Leaving the man hanging in plain sight, Desdemona is gone before his companions have a chance to react. She has made it impossible to reach him in time. They must watch their companion die, his convulsions growing feebler by the second, his goggles concealing the terrible effect the strangling noose must be having on his features.
His companions fire wildly at the ceiling, venting their frustration in an orgy of pointless destruction. At the same instant, the Spider plucks a near invisible drag line, activating one of her many booby traps. A specialised web snaps up from the ground, shearing through the torso of a second assassin. A sheet of blood erupts outwards as his body collapses into two neat segments. His weapon is still discharging as it falls; the heated projectiles blow the last man’s legs out from beneath him. He goes down in shock and the Spider is on him before he can move.
She takes his head, incisors slicing down through the thick plastic of his bio suit, severing the muscles and bones of his neck. With his head safely secured she returns to the ceiling and listens.
*
Alerted by the sound of gunfire, the second group races towards her position and the Spider moves to meet them, her heart filled with a dark excitement. Three men, three brave souls racing towards their deaths, hearts beating a terminal drum roll. In moments the drummers will be silenced forever.
The Spider leaps across yawning trenches, scuttles up broken walls, spinning razor keen web in her wake, securing it under extreme pressure to stone outcrops and small, broken angles. She descends to the ground, laying down trip wire that she then secures to the overhead webbing. Now all she need do is wait. She moves back into shadow and settles down. She is uncomfortable waiting here, the air is her natural element and she finds the ground too restricting. But she waits because she must.
Nor does she have to wait long.
The second group come down the passage in a reckless charge, heading towards the hall where the Spider waits in ambush. Here they hesitate, sensing something amiss. They scan the ceilings, peering into the intense darkness on every side, weapons at the ready, but they do not cross the threshold.
The Spider rises from the darkness; shadow slipping from her naked flesh like a velvet black cloak. She stands seven and a half feet tall in the open, her four arms spread; multiple eyes blazing like hell lights. The vision she presents paralyses the men. They stare at her through anonymous goggles, rooted to the ground by terror. She tosses the severed head of their companion at their feet. They recoil as though the head had been a viper.
She laughs and is moving before they can recover, sprinting away from them, leaping, catching hold of dangling towlines and swinging back up into the rafters. There is a frantic chatter of gunfire, tracers tattooing the shadows behind her, blowing jagged chunks out of the masonry. The assassins move after the Spider in a stumbling rush.
A tactical mistake!
The first assassin hits the hidden trip wires and suddenly the air is alive with the slicing whine of razor sharp web. Two of the men literally disintegrate; arms, legs and heads spinning off in abstract directions. The third is untouched physically, but when he sees the fate of his companions his mind snaps. He collapses to the ground and begins to scream.
When he looks up at last the Spider is standing over him. He holds his arms up, pleading with her to spare him. She grabs hold of him and hauls him up into her nest. She has time now to peel back the layers of her victim’s mind, to extract the information she requires by excruciatingly slow degrees.
Before he dies, Desdemona vows, her would-be assassin will have confessed all his dirty little secrets.
THE CULT OF SPIDER
Who would dare send assassins against her? The man she captures can tell her nothing. His mind is in chaos; some kind of neural inhibitor starts systematically shutting his brain down the moment Desdemona begins interrogating him. He laughs idiotically when she peels the flesh from his face, crooning nursery rhymes whilst she plucks the eyes from his head. He is useless and she despatches him soon after, tossing his remains down to Djoba.
‘Run a DNA scan on all six of them,’ she instructs her sidekick as she descends from the nest. ‘I want them tagged and labelled before I return.’
She still suspects the Heathen, but won’t know for certain until the results of the DNA scan are back in.
*
In the District of Sinners, between the mortuary temple of Amun-Ra and the San Sahara cathedral complex, stands a church dedicated solely to the worship of Her Grace, Lady Genevieve Desdemona. There are more than seven thousand churches, temples, cathedrals, monasteries, shrines, mosques, and ashrams in the city of Golgotha Falls, half that number situated right here in the District of Sinners, a place best described as a religious ghetto.
It is Golgotha Fall’s most populated district. A place where tactile pleasure cults rub shoulders with obscure, monastic orders; where death cults and secular nihilists prowl for converts, their crude methods of recruitment standing out in violent contrast to the proselytising of gentler faiths. There are rituals here, festivals aplenty, every day and night some god or other is honoured with public displays of affection; bells toll, trumpets blare, drums boom incessantly, fireworks crackle and thunder across the holographic sky.
The Spider makes her way towards her personal church, the crowds surging and blending around her, ancient faiths disintegrating into one another, colours mingling, prayers merging. She strides along the Fourth Street of Martyrs, mortals moving instinctively from her path, heads lowered lest they inadvertently catch the goddess’ eye. She relishes their fear, letting it enter her and wash over her like a sweet, intoxicating wine.
*
‘All fall down!’ cries the Pentamoter, a demigod with legs as thin and long as stilts. He towers above the crowds, puffing furiously on his prophecy pipe, glaring down through thick optic filters. ‘All fall down!’ he cries with practised resonance. ‘No one left standing. Our fears become our funeral shroud. Death be the watchman of our times.’ He laughs and taps ash onto the upturned faces off his followers. ‘Follow me,’ he thunders. ‘I tell you war is coming to Golgotha Falls. We cannot avoid it by ignoring it. We cannot ignore it in the vain hope of avoiding it. We must prepare for war as though preparing for the return of a loved one. We must embrace it as we would our own prodigal children.’
The air is lacy with coloured incense. The pungent stench of open-air crematoriums drives a blade of hunger through the Spider’s belly. Naked acolytes from the Church of Niopia beat their foreheads with bricks until the skin cracks and the blood runs red. As they reduce their heads to red ruin, they mouth hosannas and laugh maniacally and the Spider laughs with them, as if they all share some darkly obscene joke.
The fighting brothers of the Holy Order of Bedlam jog down the street in military formation, landing punishing blows on the heads and faces of their brethren, a form of purging common amongst this sect. The Spider claps in many-handed glee.
The singing Sisters of Nesta fill the air with canary-sweet laments, their self-blinded eyes concealed behind flesh coloured cloth so that, at a distance, it appears as though the sisters were born eyeless. The Spider who has six eyes, salutes those with none. The Sisters of Nesta are a fitting tribute to the blindness of faith.
So many faiths, so many ways of worshipping divinity, humanity’s constant need for celestial approval never ceases to amaze the Spider. It reminds her of a stray dog forever on the lookout for a new hand to feed from, unable to reconcile itself to the idea of personal liberty. Djoba informs her that the reason there are so many gods is because there’s never a shortage of humans willing to worship them. Djoba is usually right about such things.
*
The District of Sinners is the unofficial capital of middle divinity. There are demigods here aplenty, each one spawned from a blasphemous union between god and mortal. Many act as ambassadors or enforcers for the will of the Elohim. They traffic easily between the world of mortals and the world of gods, fluent in the language of both. They are capricious, avaricious, and downright sinister. They are sub-god, yet still super human, difficult to define – more than one, less than the other. Emotionally it is safer to say they have more in common with mortals than gods. They embrace the human lifestyle with gusto, wheeling and dealing amongst the city’s underworld cartels, indulging every human vice, every mortal perversion. Their appetites know few restraints and they are prepared to go to levels of excess not even the most depraved humans would contemplate. Yet the demigods have the ear of the gods. And Dagda, the good god, protects them all, every last sacrilegious one of them.
They have their uses, the Spider supposes. Take her very own Djoba for instance, multi-talented, endlessly resourceful, with valuable contacts amongst both gods, mortals and, she sometimes suspects, the ominous Titans lurking in the subterranean districts of Gehenna. The Spider is forced to confess she has grown quite attached to Djoba, the amorphous little monster that he is. The solitary life of an immortal can grow quite lonesome at times and he has provided her with a fair amount of distraction in his time.
*
Some of the demigods (demis - male/devis - female) are stranger to look upon than the gods themselves. Take elephant-headed Mo Jumba for instance. Eight foot tall and weighing over two tonnes, strolling through the teeming streets with his hundreds of human consorts in constant attendance, each one vying for the fat godling’s affections.
Then there’s Baba Zen, a demi the size of an old-earth sumo wrestler. With the rounded features of a mortal infant, he floats down the street on an anti -grav disc because his leg muscles are too weak to support his immense frame. He sucks on an opium pipe as he strokes his swollen belly and blinks around him with large soporific eyes.
Hama Mama’s palanquin sweeps past the Spider, her footmen scattering worshippers with curses and the sharp end of horsewhips. Hama Mama is a rather mysterious devi who runs brothels in the districts of Grand Babylon and Halios, as well as the many pleasure districts in City East. She caters to all tastes, every possible perversion, carried on a gold gilt palanquin wherever she travels. No one quite knows what she looks like, the palanquin is always shielded by lace curtains that conceal Hama Mama from public view, although rumours abound, fuelled, like most things, by curiosity and a lack of hard facts.
The strangeness of this district and its semi-divine inhabitants extends into the sky where great temple ships hang in permanent stasis; floating cathedrals and mosques resembling apparitions from a fever dream, more so when seen reflected against the waters of the district’s five great reservoirs. At night these great man-made lakes erupt into dazzling patterns of light as thousands of devotional lanterns are illuminated and set adrift. Bordering the reservoirs are the houses of middle divinity, magnificent pleasure palaces and luxury mansions that compete in splendour and sheer self-indulgence. There are many vast garden bridges spanning the reservoirs, these too set ablaze at night, and it always amuses the Spider how the joining of each bridge with its watery reflection creates the illusion of a perfect fiery eye. It gives the impression the demigods are all seeing, all knowing, which of course suits them just fine.
As she arrives at her own humble church, the Spider is conscious of Dagda’s pyramid temple brooding to the west like a dormant volcano, a million lights blazing from fortified tiers that converge on a capstone of solid jade. It feels like the old god himself watches over them all.
The Spider’s worshippers - bless their servile little hearts - built her a church in an effort to curry favour with their living deity. She accepted the gift in the spirit it was given and at once brought its sponsors under her personal protection. What deity is not flattered by such a gesture, for what is a god without a flock to worship her?
THE SACRIFICE
Entering her church through a strategically placed skylight, the Spider hangs suspended for a moment. From this position she stares down into a well of stone, circled by a rising series of spectator galleries. The walls are decorated with gargoyles and abstract motifs, the entire ground level dominated by an ancient and blood-stained altar, the centre piece of the goddess’ devotional.
The church is currently in service, the galleries filled with devotees to the Cult of Spider. They come here to worship her, the Spider, the dark one, mistress of the web. They fear her and are in love with their own terror, ingesting temple narcotics, high on dopamine, enflamed by the music that fills the church with snarling echo. They dance and gyrate on the balconies, sweating and masturbating in an orgy of abandon – they have come here to offer their lives. The seed they rain down on the jade altar is but a pale metaphor for their one burning desire. They have come here to be consumed by the very object of their devotion.
*
Father Fabian, high priest to the Cult of Spider, stands before the jade altar. He is blind, his useless eyes concealed behind tinted wielding goggles, but he sees the world through other senses and is aware the moment the Spider enters the church. He is connected to a harmony deck, an instrument invisible to the naked eye, existing in the place where mind and virtual technology meet. His fingers flash over theoretical keyboards, filling the church with a growling, haunting melody that Djoba once described as ‘elevator music to hell.’
Every nerve-ending is set tingling along the length of Desdemona’s spine. Her medusa coils flare, weaving back and forth around her face, like cobras entranced by Fabian’s acoustics. Her ancient heart beats fast as she abseils slowly down past the spectator galleries, inverted on a near invisible web strand. Her four arms are stretched wide, moving in slow strokes, like a swimmer working downwards against strong currents of water.
Her devotees cry out in jubilation as they catch sight of their goddess. As she moves past them, descending along a tight shaft of moonlight, they reach out, desperate to touch the Spider, their features twisted by the power of their faith, eyes glazed with adoration. Some of them hang their infants over the edges of the galleries, pleading for her to bless their progeny with but a single touch, a glance, no more than a prayer.
*
Lady Desdemona descends until she hangs inverted less than a foot above the high priest. Father Fabian looks up and the Spider sees her own terrible beauty reflected in the twin lenses of his goggles. His mouth forms a bloodless smile of greeting and without hesitation he cranes his head upwards and kisses her on her blood red lips. It is this thing that distinguishes him from every other mortal she has ever met, this utter fearlessness. What other man would dare greet his god with a kiss?
‘Hallowed be the web,’ Father Fabian intones, his voice gathering powerful resonance as it rolls out into the church. ‘Worship I alone she that rests in its fiery heart, fly am I, spider she, and all the wide world her web. Blessed be the web! Blessed be the voice of the web!’
‘Blessed be the web!’ a thousand followers chant in the galleries above. ‘Blessed be the voice of the web!’
*
The Spider strips her armour from her body and lies back naked against the semen-and blood spattered altar. Acolytes appear at once to massage Yoshime oils into her pale flesh. The deep, intoxicating aroma of these oils becalms her. Yoshime has no discernible effect on mortals, but to the arachnid gods it is a bliss-send and Desdemona spreads her limbs and relaxes completely as the oils are worked deep into her muscles and joints. As she relaxes, her chemical composition changes, the venom in her medusa coils shifting from toxic to hallucinogenic. It is a temporary shift, brought on by the effects of Yoshime, but whilst the effects last Desdemona allows her mane of steel to spread around her head like the tentacles of a vast sea creature.
Those who wish to receive her sacrament descend from the galleries and gather around the jade altar. As they congregate, each takes a medusa coil between their teeth and bites off the steel head of the barbs, spitting them out onto the ground and sucking greedily on the whitish elixir that spurts from the opened filaments. The Spider’s body is quickly surrounded by devotees; drinking from the steel strands of her hair like hashish addicts sucking on water pipes. Known as Widows Bliss, the elixir spills onto the altar to be lapped up by those who cannot themselves reach the goddess’ coils.
*
As the drug takes effect there is a frenzy of soft sighs and moans, bodies squirm and writhe around the Spider, caressing her naked flesh, licking errant drops of elixir from her alabaster skin. Father Fabian reconnects to his harmony deck and his trance-beat instantly rises to fill the church. Those who have drunk their fill return to the galleries to dance in the throes of individual ecstasy, their place at the altar swiftly taken up by others. When one barb is temporarily sucked dry, another is taken hold of, the tip bitten clean, and a mouth begins to suck convulsively on it.
Vocal chop rides the crest of Father Fabian’s music. Broken voices move in and out of the mix. Ambivalent sopranos soar and fade like doves in startled flight. The core of his beat is filled with bass anomalies, sudden foghorn blasts, twisting whale solos that crowd the church with leviathan passion. Echoes ricochet from wall to wall, driving the music to sublime heights, twisting and distorting it into ever more epic range.
The combination of music and narcotics powers an almost desperate response in the Spider’s congregation. They tear at their clothes, twisting and gyrating on the razor’s edge between ecstasy and despair. Rave, beat, pulse, dub, organ pipes web the walls of the church like the gills of vast amphibious beasts. Reverb careens off sharp angled stone, bass splits the air, dense as thunder, lightning sharp guitar riffs peel off into excited echo, the warping effect of sudden violin symphonies, the descending roar of drum avalanches.
When the last of the acolytes has partaken of the elixir and returned to the galleries, the Spider rises to her feet and stares down at the beautiful youth who alone remains, standing before the jade altar. He is dressed in black sacrificial robes. He stares up at the Spider in awe, his mouth open and dumb struck; his blue eyes wide and astonished. She smiles down at him, already in love with this delicate creature, and more so when he falls to his knees and clasps his hands together in silent prayer. The Spider descends the bliss-spattered steps of the altar and stands towering over the youth. He slowly looks up at her and in a faltering rush he recites the first of his rehearsed lines.
‘I am bound to you in life as in death,’ he stammers.
‘I know,’ Desdemona replies, stroking his hair.
He blinks at her. He has learnt his lines by heart. He has been reared to say these simple words in her presence, yet now his time has come he seems too terrified to continue.
‘Take your time,’ she tells him.
The youth’s mouth and mind seem to be momentarily deadlocked and only after a stuttering eternity is he finally able to gasp, ‘I am yours…to do with as you wish.’
‘And so I shall,’ she laughs, delighted with this gift of the church. Gently she cocoons him in fine silk and secures his body to her torso. When she touches him she finds him trembling with fear. She tries to sooth him. It will be better for him if he is more accepting of his fate.
She carries him to the top of the altar where she retrieves her web line, using it to scramble back up to the domed roof of the church. Her congregation cries out as their goddess departs. Some of them weep openly, others beat their breasts, and one fellow climbs over the gallery railings and flings himself to a willing, drug-induced death. Father Fabian always anticipates this extreme ritual and stands to one side as the body hurtles down to smash apart against the unforgiving surface of the altar.
‘Such devotion,’ the Spider whispers to the trembling youth. ‘Will you be so devoted, my darling?’ She caresses him through the silk of his cocoon as she brings him up onto the church roofs. ‘I’m sure you will,’ she tells him. ‘I’m sure you’ll devote your all.’
*
In Castle Arineae, her lair at the top of the world, the goddess mates with the delicious youth. She seduces him by pressing her Widow’s Bliss upon him and he drinks and is transformed by the fires of her essence. She enjoys his flesh many times that night, many times many. And when she is finally satiated she liquefies his insides, sinking fangs down through the roof of his skull and secreting digestive juices into his body. He is dead almost instantly and chewing the top off his skull, Desdemona proceeds to suck him dry.
What remains of the youth by the time dawn pales the shadows of Castle Arineae, she bequeaths her sidekick, Djoba. He will do the youth justice, she is confident. She intends keeping a memento of the doomed boy; a bone goblet, a tooth necklace, something to remind her of their single night of passion together, something pleasant to join the countless other mementoes that decorate the lining of her home nest. In her millennia old experience, sex and death are life’s only true certainties, and tonight the Spider has an insatiable appetite for both.
SERAPH
INVITATION TO A BALL
Having scanned the DNA profiles of the Spider’s six would-be assassins, Djoba matches the results against the CCQ data core. His search returns negative. There is no match. This is something of a mystery to Djoba since every mortal in Golgotha Falls should have a DNA profile. He suggests to Desdemona that the assassins were not indigenous to the city. The Spider is seated in the drawing room, smoking on a herb pipe. She seems lost in nostalgic reflection and it is some time before she responds to Djoba’s report.
‘How many groups in Golgotha Falls have the means to control their own paradox portal?’ she asks.
Djoba assumes the Spider is joking and smiles. ‘None that I know of,’ he replies, ‘that would require more energy than it takes to light this city for a year.’
‘And yet that’s how the assassins entered the Hermes building.’ The Spider exhales a ladder of pale blue smoke.
‘Through a paradox portal?’ Djoba chooses his words with care, ‘That’s extremely unlikely, mother –’
‘Take my word for it, Djoba.’
‘Not even the gods can control paradox,’ Djoba argues, ‘that’s why all technology relating to it was outlawed in the 631 Convention on Exotic Weapons.’
The Spider shrugs. ‘Someone’s obviously perfected it since then,’ she says.
A look of concern crosses Djoba’s face. ‘A paradox portal is literally a crude tear in the fabric of space and time,’ he says. ‘A person controlling one would have the means to breach any form of terrestrial security, Mother; divine or otherwise. Perhaps we should report this to the proper authorities.’
‘And ask for help?’ The Spider chuckles, ‘They’d simply love that, darling.’ She shakes her head, ‘No, I prefer to handle my own affairs.’
‘But this matter concerns all the gods –,’ Djoba protests.
‘I’m only interested in one god,’ the Spider retorts. ‘Now, instead of fretting, my darling, why don’t you pop down to the Hermes building and run a trace? See if you can pick up a displacement echo. We may be able to lock onto the source of the portal.’
‘Not likely,’ Djoba mutters, ‘there’s no tek in existence that can trace a quantum signal, Mother. The signal exists in theoretical space. I do not possess theoretical equipment.’
‘Improvise,’ Desdemona purrs, ‘a resourceful little demigod like you should be able to bend the odd law of physics.’
Djoba shrugs. ‘I’ll do my best,’ he says, ‘but I still say you should take this to the consular.’
‘If all the hounds of hell were after me I would not turn to the Elohim for help,’ Desdemona vows. ‘Now go, Djoba, carry out my instructions and no more of your whinging.’
*
She knows Djoba will find nothing. It is certain that whoever sent the assassins will have carefully covered their tracks, but it is better to keep her sidekick busy and out of her way. She needs time to think, a process Djoba more often hinders than helps.
Who would go to the trouble of opening a paradox portal, in itself a seemingly impossible feat, only to send six bungling assassins through? This is the greater paradox. Did the assassins ever really pose a threat or had they been served up merely as a warning; a message that Desdemona was vulnerable. She broods upon these questions all that evening and long into the night, smoking her herbs, allowing her mind to flow where it chooses.
Who is behind this latest affront? She can think of any number of enemies; mortal and divine, but she can think of none with the ability to manipulate time and space. It stands to reason she is dealing with an enemy unlike any she has ever faced before. Worthy enemies are rare and with boredom the inevitable price of immortality, Desdemona is not certain whether to be worried or pleased by this new threat.
*
In the early hours of the morning Djoba politely interrupts her thoughts. She has sat in the grand hall all night long, immune to the bitter cold, oblivious to the dark. A glo-ball floats above Djoba’s head, winking on like a large, disembodied cat’s eye as soon as he enters the hall. Desdemona narrows her eyes in the sudden flood of unwelcome light as Djoba nervously informs her he has just received a message from Aphrodite, a goddess of the House of Zeus. The message arrived disguised as a canary, a beautiful holographic bird that flew in through a west tower window, announcing its presence with ciphered birdsong. Quickly translating the message, Djoba has promptly brought it to the goddess’ attention.
‘It’s an invitation to a ball,’ he tells his patron.
Desdemona shrugs and the skin of ice that has formed around her breaks apart with a fierce crackling sound.
‘Recite the message verbatim,’ she orders Djoba, ‘I dislike hear-say.’
Djoba clears his throat and dutifully recites. ‘Her divine grace, Gaya Aphrodite, daughter of the House of Zeus, requests the company of her sister god, Genevieve Desdemona of the House of Arachnids, at the Temple of the Black Lotus on the night of the passing graces.’
The Spider sighs. ‘An invitation to a ball,’ she says, ‘how very thoughtful of Gaya.’
‘Shall I fashion a response?’ Djoba asks.
‘Inform her I shall attend,’ the Spider tells him. ‘She sent me a canary, let’s send her a tarantula – and get the number of legs right this time, Djoba.’
*
In their great vanity the Elohim had named themselves after the gods of old. It was their contention that to possess the future one must first lay claim to the past. By associating themselves with ancient myth they had hoped to wear the mantle of omnipotence, to be accepted as gods themselves by old earth’s remnant population. But the Elohim were not the gods of old. They were long lived to be sure, but they were not truly immortal, and nor were their powers without limit.
The Elohim scorned humanity from a distance, watching them toil and labour through their brief torment on earth, bowed low by the fragile and random nature of existence, yet somehow still managing to derive meaning from the meaningless. Perhaps the Elohim secretly envied this stubborn resilience. Was not the mortal lifespan so much sweeter for being so very brief? Every moment was a precious gem. Every tender kiss, every carefree laugh, every passionate embrace was in defiance of all that life threw at them. The gods loved nothing and mourned no one; in many ways they had outlived their own humanity.
*
The Spider can’t recall the last time she attended a divine function. Of late she has found herself increasingly isolated from the Elohim. She has not exactly ‘fallen’ from grace so much as ‘drifted’ from respectable shores. She is well known for operating on the nuanced edge of acceptable behaviour, for which petty crime she has found herself unofficially banished to the fringes of divine society, that grey area occupied by the neither especially damned nor the especially favoured. She prepares for Aphrodite’s ball with uncharacteristic excitement.
Aphrodite is well named. Her beauty is often considered her great tragedy. It eclipses her sister gods and provokes them often to rage and petty jealousies. No god likes to be diminished in the presence of another. But it is also the manner in which Aphrodite uses her beauty that causes such divine resentment. She has seduced legion in her time; men and women, mortal and divine, married, single or co-habiting – her appetites know few moral boundaries – her secret soirees are considered the very epitome of decadence. She is even rumoured to be a frequent consort of the Lord Dagda himself, rumours she does nothing to quell.
All reason enough to despise Aphrodite, but the Spider loves her as she loves all things despised. She loves her for her splendid sense of moral anarchy, for the generations of faithful husbands she has turned into simpering pets, for the many proud men she has broken and humiliated on the wheel of her charms. If they were not meant to be broken would nature have made them so damned brittle? Desdemona has always loved Aphrodite, even when she simply loathed her. Such has ever been the nature of their relationship.
*
The Spider dresses to kill in a one-piece cat suit, perfectly tailored to accommodate her eight limbed, seven and a half foot frame. The suit is infinitely reflective, micro mirrored surface shimmering in holographic starlight, diffusing her outline as she webs her way through the elegant night time of Narcissus. She loves the freedom the suit affords her. It was made by her personal tailors, Cromby and Nice, master fashionettas and hideously expensive, but worth every penny in the Spider’s opinion. As appointees to the gods, Cromby and Nice are used to accommodating even the most demanding of physiques and their every outfit is considered a masterpiece.
Spinning across Narcissus, the Spider navigates manmade canyons at over seventy kliks an hour, swinging inverted from line to line through an upside-down view of the district. Was this not divinity? Somersaulting off the angled walls of chrome towers, cheating the abyss with impossible last second manoeuvres, her multi jointed body contracting and contorting as she pushes it to inhuman limits. Was this not the very nature of divinity?
*
Contained within atmospheric membranes that seal each metropolis beneath a semi-permeable umbrella, the temperature, air and long-term climate of Golgotha Falls’ ninety-six districts are carefully regulated by the CCQ (Cypher-Cyber-Quantum), an Ai collective that controls all of Golgotha Falls’ automated functions. The atmospheric membranes encasing the district are more commonly referred to as Holographic Skies for their ability to mimic the skies of old earth, but outside these membranes, between the mighty parent towers of Golgotha Falls, there is only dead space, the Infernum; an immense airless void without sound or breath of wind. The Spider can hold her breath for over half an hour, an ability that serves her well when she slips like a ghost through Narcissus’ semi-permeable sky and heads out into the Infernum.
Beyond the facsimile night of her home district, the Infernum opens before Desdemona like an insane dream, revealing the true nature of Golgotha Falls. It is a city of visual excess, filled with mega structures twelve kilometres high, districts ranked like gargantuan balconies along endless, vertical flanks. A billion lights drift like burning ash between these epic towers as private shuttles and corporate cargo ships ply their freight back and forth. Freeways crawl up and down the sheer walls like ramblings of silicon vine, shunting vertical traffic from district to district, horizontal freeways crisscrossing the Infernum itself, connecting the towers like a vast asymmetrical spider’s web.
Once out in the Infernum the Spider uses these freeways as anchor points as she navigates her way down into the city’s infernal regions. She must be careful now, there is no friction to restrict her speed and the slightest motion can propel her hundreds of metres in seconds. Here in the Infernum a minor miscalculation can be instantly terminal.
On a single breath of air, her spiracles carefully regulating her internal pressure, she drops from freeway to freeway, working her way down from the high altitude Corinthian districts and into the city’s Meridian or middle belt. Her destination is the Black Lotus; a palatial building that floats alone in the dark of the Infernum. This is Aphrodite’s pleasure palace, a bejewelled wonderland of garden terraces, ornate citadels, and blue onion turrets that glow like the enchanted turbans of genies. Above each citadel and turret floats a small holographic moon, turning slowly on its axis. Above the central tower floats a black sun that sheds no visible light.
THE SENSUAL GODDESS
The Black Lotus temple is permanently ‘moored’ more than three kliks above the earth, relying on a series of vast pendulums suspended from the base of the temple to keep it aloft. These pendulums serve as gravity anchors, each one capable of reducing over a thousand gross tonnes to instant zero mass. There are over a hundred of these pendulums, more than enough to displace the temple’s thirty thousand tonne mass. The Black Lotus is a multi-tiered house of splendour; a floating basilica that bristles with hidden gun ports. Waterfalls cascade from one splendid level to the next, pooling into small garden lakes that glitter and twinkle beneath artificial moonlight. There are miniature temple complexes secluded amongst forests of pygmy oak and here and there pagodas stand out like gilded sentinels on lush, blue lawns. It is a feast for the senses, a monument to Aphrodite’s love of all things material.
Small enough to slip past the gun sensors, the Spider silently breaches temple security. A kepler-shield encloses the entire complex, the shield multi-phasic, used to maintain atmospheric integrity; Desdemona can pierce it if her timing is just right, if the angle and speed of her approach is exact to a decimal point, but there is no margin for error, her calculations must be absolutely precise.
She launches herself off the rim of Naomi, a district situated some five hundred feet above the highest spire of Aphrodite’s temple. She curls her arms into her torso, tucks her legs beneath her and lowers her head so the contours of her skull merge with her spine, creating a continuous curve that accelerates her momentum. The milk blue glow of the K-shield pulses around the temple like a divine aura. Desdemona twists her torso slightly, re-angling her descent so she strikes the shield at a perfect ninety-degree angle.
If her timing or velocity had been off by a fraction she would have been smashed apart against the shield. Instead she penetrates at almost two hundred kph, her body violently decelerating as she plunges into the soupy interior of the shield. Kepler molecules howl and rage all around her, slowing her faster than she’d anticipated. Like a fly caught in amber the Spider’s velocity drops away to nothing, temporarily trapping her before she has quite cleared the shield. To free herself she is forced to swim the last few feet against fierce currents of Kepler energy.
Once free the Spider drops away from the shield and down towards the illuminated complex below. She spins web as she falls, anchoring the hilt of a bronze spire, at the same time spinning a control web in the opposite direction that snags the bust of a nearby statue. She unites the two strands, pulls them taut, and her fall is instantly arrested. After that she works her way across to the spire, coming to rest a couple of feet below its bronze crest. She starts breathing again in the temple’s oxygen rich atmosphere.
Below her the gardens are filled with light and festivity. Vast luminous balloons float through the air, shaped like pot-bellied gremlins and pious saints. Loom dragons swoop down amongst the trees and flash back into the sky again, trailing fire in their wake. Thousands of lanterns have been lit, marking out pathways through the forests, and illuminating the borders of artificial lakes.
The Spider crawls down the wall of the tower and leaps softly across to a nearby balcony perch. She freezes as she scrys the future. She waits, times her next move, and as a pair of loom dragons flash past her balcony she spins web and swings down across their fiery contrails.
*
Cautiously Desdemona makes her way downwards, moving from perch to perch, slipping through the shadows like an eight-limbed phantom. At last she drops, somersaults, and alights softly upon the ground. She takes a moment to catch her breath. Inside the K-shield the air is almost sub-tropical, outside the Infernum is a lethal seventy degrees below. Ice particles formed on the Spider’s body have melted in the warmth and she sheds water with every step.
She is on the threshold of a courtyard, hemmed in by high temple walls. Three men loiter around a centrepiece fountain; their uniform identifying them as ground security, though their demeanour suggests their role is more decorative than functional. The Spider silently crosses the courtyard, the men unaware of her presence until the last moment.
*
They react in terror as she appears amongst them, dropping at once to their hands and knees.
‘I have an invitation to attend Aphrodite’s ball,’ she tells them. ‘I assume I was expected.’
‘Expected, yes,’ stammers one of the guards, raising his head and daring to meet the goddess’ eye for a fraction of a second before lowering it again.
‘We just didn’t expect you to appear out of nowhere,’ stumbles another, face pressed firmly to the ground.
She laughs. ‘What use for guards if everyone did the expected? You, young man, stand up at once and let me have a look at you.’
A youth, no more than seventeen or eighteen, leaps to his feet with a horrified squawk and stands wringing his hands and trying to swallow past a particularly prominent Adam’s apple.
‘You will do,’ she tells him. ‘Stand up straight, look alive, boy, have some back bone.’ She snaps her fingers impatiently and he jumps to attention. ‘Take me to your mistress at once.’
He moves in wooden jerks, as though leading his own executioner to the gallows. She likes him. He is lean and infused with the glow of youth, his bone structure prominent; his eyes deep set, giving his face the look of a doomed romantic hero. She follows him along scented garden paths, past bushes sculpted into the semblance of fornicating animals; phallic fountains spurting blue-green arcs of water into the perfumed air. Everywhere she looks she sees beautiful stone effigies staring back at her, each statue a variation of the same mortal youth. The stonework is rendered in loving detail, lending the subject an almost lifelike vitality. The statues represent Hephastus, Aphrodite’s former and greatest lover. She never mentions him, but Desdemona knows Aphrodite mourns him still, even though millennia have passed since his death.
There is furtive motion amongst the trees and screening bushes. Here and there a glimpse of naked flesh through breaks in the foliage, muted cries of pleasure, the sound of debauchery blending with the ambient noise of night time gardens.
Desdemona pierces the dark with her senses, noting the hidden sentinels watching her, weapons tracking her progress from six different points in the shadows. She is aware of them, but makes no defensive move. They are no threat to her and so long as they keep their safety catches on, she will pose no threat to them.
‘Why don’t you join my cult,’ the Spider urges her youthful guide, ‘expand your horizons; get involved with something dangerous and worthwhile?’
‘N-no thu-thank you, guh-guh-goddess,’ stammers the youth. ‘I’m cuh-cuh-quite huh-happy here.’
‘I’m sure you are, darling,’ the Spider reaches out and strokes the youth’s neck. He flinches from the contact and she laughs. ‘But this is just so pedestrian, your fellow worshippers sound like so many rutting pigs in the dark.’ She indicates the garden around them, alive with carnal secrecy.
‘Thu-they honour the guh-goddess Aphrodite with thu-their bodies,’ the youth responds. ‘It is the nuh-night of the puh-passing graces.’
‘Any excuse for an orgy, I suppose,’ the Spider sighs. ‘Oh well, sweetness, you know where my church is if you ever change your mind.’
‘Thu-thank you, goddess,’ the youth sounds anything but grateful as he leads the Spider through a floral arch and out onto the sprawling lawns of the summer garden.
*
The Spider recognises many of the guests gathered on the summer lawn; gods of her acquaintance, angels and demigods, high-ranking mortals and the obligatory clutch of media celebrities. Only Aphrodite could have gathered together so eclectic a mix. She smiles, pauses, taking a moment to study the gathering before making her final approach. Her guide lingers nervously by her side.
The centrepiece of the party is a vast ice sculpture representing Dagda’s main pyramid temple, the cardinal points marked out by four marble columns. A male or female clone-slave dances on the flat lintel of each column, diaphanous robes flowing and spilling around pale, writhing limbs.
Desdemona notes the giant demigod, Heracles Alcaeus, has made the guest list; a gorgeous flaxen haired half-god, well over eight feet tall, surrounded by a harem of nubile females who attend to his every whim. To seek an audience with Heracles one must first wade through a sea of perfumed female flesh.
The hero Achilles is here too – ah, at last, a hero worthy of the name. Son of the god-king, Peleus, Achilles led the final assault of the gods during the Damascus wars. He is considered to be the greatest of the demigods and their undisputed leader.
Hector, the Babylonian sphinx, strolls regally through the gathering, charming all with his quick wit and easy manner. Half man, half lion, his eagle wings are largely ceremonial since Hector, to the best of the Spider’s knowledge, cannot fly. He is massive in girth, a warhorse of a creature, yet gentle in disposition; allowing children to ride his broad back and tug on his flaxen mane. He is placid as a fairground pony, yet formidable when raised to wrath.
Lazarus, wisest and oldest of the demigods, well into his fifth millennia and still running intellectual circles around the city’s leading theologians, leaving them stupefied with his philosophical insights, stumped by his famous logica circuitus. They gather around him and scribble notes like scholars in the presence of a revered master.
There is the archangel Uriel, so beautiful he scorches a permanent impression upon the mind’s retina. The Archangel Chimene, half-sister of Raphael, every bit his equal in combat and a deadly adept at poisons. Her emblem is the panther and she walks around with two of these beasts in permanent tow. She controls the notorious Guild of Assassins, their name alone enough to inspire fear in every quarter of the city.
Pandora, insane lonely Pandora, cursed with second sight, beset by terrible visions, self-blinded and universally loathed. She sits on a deserted patch of lawn, her shaven head glistening in artificial moonlight; a pale and tragic figure, wringing her scarred hands and singing a soft dirge to herself.
Sophia is here too, the feminine equivalent of Dagda and second most powerful of the earth-bound Elohim. Her presence surprises the Spider since Sophia rarely leaves Cognitia these days. She stands just shy of nine feet, floating across the lawns, willowy and detached, her divine aura casting a soft blaze around her as she bows low to catch the words of her fellow guests. She touches everyone, a soft touch of acknowledgement, a gentle, momentary caress, and afterwards those she touches wear the look of people who have found the love of their hearts in one instant and lost it forever in the next. Blessed Sophia, She-of-the-left-hand. If Dagda is the father of the terrestrial gods, then Sophia is the undisputed mother.
Elsewhere there is Oyeji, African goddess of agriculture and a daughter of the House of Ogun. She delights the guests by causing the small hill she sits on to sprout all manner of amazing flora; gorgeous rose bushes and rhododendrons and summer hibiscus. She spills seeds whenever she shakes her plaited hair and exhales rain clouds that drop sparkling payloads of water, creating a localised ecosystem around her that draws a vast crowd of appreciative onlookers. Oyeji is secretly trying to catch the eye of the African demigod Sempu, hero of the House of Bantu.
Sempu is trading war stories with Heracles, the two of them roaring with laughter, buffeting each other with affectionate slaps and brotherly blows, drinking themselves steadily under the table, goblet for goblet, casket for casket, and all of Oyeji’s theatre is for nothing for Sempu pays her no attention. In good humour, Oyeji weeps golden winged butterflies that form jewelled hearts in the air before fluttering off into the shadows.
Aphrodite’s mortal guests wear exotic costume in a vain attempt to be noticed in this garden of gargantuan egos. The guest list includes some of Golgotha Falls’ most powerful citizens as well as its most salacious; celebrities, politicians, industrialists, media moguls, data barons, body sculptors, gamers, phreakers, and far pilots, desperately competing for attention, trying to catch the ear of at least a demigod, if not a god herself.
*
As Desdemona resumes her approach all heads swivel in her direction. A ripple of fear spreads outwards, starting with those nearest her and swiftly encompassing the whole garden. Mortals unconsciously gather around their gods like children around parents. The Spider’s guide takes the opportunity to move closer to her, as though basking in the fear she generates. As he leads her through a sea of faces the guests part like enchanted waters, mouths agape, eyes clouded with justifiable concerns, the gods staring at her with open hostility.
‘Where is Aphrodite?’ Desdemona demands of her guide.
‘She will be here soon, goddess,’ the youth assures her.
She strokes his cheek. ‘You are a sweet boy,’ she tells him, knowing this will enhance his image in the eyes of his fellow mortals. ‘You have my blessing. Go and bear in mind what I tell you, my church doors are always open if you’re interested.’
The guide bows and retreats into the surrounding crowds.
Observing protocol, Desdemona first walks up to Sophia and bows low before her in deference to her status amongst the gods. As she bows, Desdemona is acutely aware of the elder goddess’ eyes on her. Sophia’s aura carefully shields her thoughts and emotional tells but Desdemona senses a mixture of amusement and curiosity in her.
‘Younger sister,’ Sophia inclines her head, ‘we have been too long starved of your company.’
‘You have always been in my heart, elder sister,’ Desdemona tells her. She does not hide the fact she likes Sophia who rarely interferes in the politics of the gods, and never demeans herself by making arbitrary judgements or taking sides. It will one day be her undoing, Desdemona is certain. But for now her impartiality is the bedrock upon which divine society festers.
Sophia touches the Spider affectionately on the side of her face and it is a shock for Desdemona to be touched this way. She has not felt an affectionate hand, a loving touch, in a long time. She stares up at Sophia, confused for a moment. Sophia smiles and in a soft voice, says, ‘There is a prophecy that you will one day bring down the gods, Lady Desdemona.’
The Spider shrugs. ‘I place no faith in prophecy,’ she replies.
‘Yet there are those who believe in this prophecy.’
‘People will believe what they choose.’
‘Prophecy can be dangerous if people choose to act upon it. Remember that, my sister.’
Sophia moves on, leaving Desdemona somewhat bewildered by her words. She stares after the elder goddess and there is a longing in her heart she has not felt in a very long while.
*
She is aware of the Seraph ‘watching’ her from a sparsely populated part of the garden. These blind angels inspire almost as much fear as the Spider does. They are seven-foot harbingers of death, chrome armoured with massive steel wings folded behind them. They remain aloof from those around them, heads moving to follow Desdemona as she crosses the garden. They are dangerous and unpredictable and the Spider steers well clear of them. She is wary of the Seraph in the way one predator is wary of another.
Oyeji, daughter of the House of Ogun, approaches Desdemona, flowers blooming and withering amongst her thick plaits. There is the aroma of monsoons and green growing things about her. Her aura is green and clear as crystal. The Spider feels its fertile power, like prickly heat against her flesh, a sense of being gently doused in mystical earth energies.
The African goddess offers her a ceremonious bow, just enough to acknowledge the Spider as an equal, but not enough to suggest familiarity.
‘Sister,’ she says in Enochian, first language of gods and angels, ‘we are rarely met, yet news of you is ever on the wind.’
‘I have admired you from afar,’ the Spider’s reply is wrapped in the poetic language of divinity. ‘Moons ago I attended mass in your garden temples. It was a beautiful ceremony, highly poignant; its memory haunts me still.’
Oyeji informs the Spider of proposed garden projects in her home city of Abyssinia. She goes into great detail about the amount of planning this requires: the type of labour she will employ, the finances, the funding, the engineering difficulties, but, beneath this seemingly pointless conversation, the Spider hears her thoughts, the subtext and the hidden warnings. ‘You are in danger, sister,’ Oyeji telepathically projects. ‘Do not trust Aphrodite, do not turn your back tonight.’ They talk of other things, minor gossip, and then, after a polite time, they part company. The Spider bears Oyeji’s warning in mind though she deems it unnecessary. She has no intention of letting her guard down this night or any other.
*
For the most part the Spider ignores the mortal and immortal guests and chats instead to the several demigods present. They are preening, vain, greedy and deliciously witty and the Spider revels in their company. They are quite open about their perversions, eager to impart to her their most base deeds. Like school children they brag about petty villainies, boisterous exploits, infamous adventures, and the Spider listens because they delight her with their quick turn-of-phrase, their agile minds and their unashamed licentiousness.
Nubile temple slaves wander, half naked, amongst the guests, offering their flesh alongside trays of sweet pastries and intoxicants. They provide Aphrodite’s guests with every sexual service, either in open view of the garden party or in shadowy alcoves, behind the modesty of screening bushes.
The Spider grows bored. She has been here two hours and is still to meet Lady Aphrodite, her host. She is contemplating an early departure when a slave nervously approaches her.
‘The goddess will meet with you,’ she says softly. ‘Will you accompany me?’
The Spider immediately bridles at the suggestion of a summons, but this is Aphrodite’s temple after all, she has every right to act imperiously. With a resigned shrug, the Spider follows the slave.
*
For some inexplicable reason Lady Aphrodite has had the Spider’s youthful guide decapitated. His head rests on a stone altar, his perfect features set in lines of premature death, a bunch of grapes stuffed into his ruby lipped mouth.
‘Why did you do that?’ the Spider asks as she stares at the head on the altar.
‘Because you offend me, sister.’ Aphrodite addresses the Spider from the woodland shadows beyond the altar. ‘I would have thought proselytising beneath you.’ There is a note of accusation in her voice.
‘I offered him a change of faiths,’ the Spider replies casually. ‘He turned me down. Why kill him?’
‘Because you opened his mind up to choice,’ Aphrodite says, ‘and that rather bruises the fruit, wouldn’t you agree?’
She steps out of the shadows and they stand facing each other, sister goddesses, yet the nature of their individual divinity is as different as night from day. Aphrodite seems more a creature of light, Desdemona more a creature of darkness. The Spider idly wonders how two such contradictory souls could ever have been lovers, a millennia ago, perhaps two. It seems like an eternity has passed and the person the Spider was then is not the person she is now.
Aphrodite is beautiful. Eternity, it seems, has had no visible effect on her. It is an imperial beauty, boldly emphasising her divine bloodline. Her eyes are compelling, entrancing – the eyes of a master seductress. Hers is not a poet’s beauty; there is no innocence here. Nor is it truly the beauty of a mortal; it is too self-possessed, too confident of its authority. It is sinister in its perfection, as though specifically designed to ensnare the human heart.
She wears a flimsy costume of holographic butterflies that spread their wings to reveal eye-patterns that seem to watch the Spider from every point on Aphrodite’s body.
‘Are you still a rebel god?’ Aphrodite asks as she reaches out and softly, almost absently, strokes the hair of the dead guide.
‘I am my own god,’ Desdemona says with deliberate emphasis.
‘Are you perhaps suggesting that I am not my own god?’ Aphrodite smiles.
‘We live the lives we choose,’ the Spider glances meaningfully at the severed head of the guide, ‘or not, as the case might be.’
‘He was a virgin,’ Aphrodite sighs, ‘unblemished by carnality, blameless. His life was a simple dream and now that dream is over. How effortless it is, to snuff out the dreams of mortals.’
‘You seem despondent, sister,’ the Spider says.
‘Do I?’ Aphrodite laughs softly, ‘I suppose I must. Please, Genevieve, follow me,’ she steps away from the altar, ‘I wish to show you something.’
*
She leads Desdemona along a path illuminated by floating lanterns. The path cuts deeper into the woods and the sound of Aphrodite’s ball gradually fades behind them. Exotic off-world flora colonize the woodland shadows, especially chosen for their photoactive properties; luminous emperor orchids and fluorescent gya lilies, pygnollias like illuminated bordellos, meditation violets with softly pulsing hearts. As they walk, Aphrodite turns back and gives Desdemona a gently appraising look.
‘My dear,’ she sighs, ‘it has been too long. You look sinful in that outfit. It’s made from Maya silicate, is it not?’
The Spider nods, pleased with Aphrodite’s keen observation, ‘One of Cromby and Nice’s little numbers,’ she says.
‘Those two are absolute geniuses,’ Aphrodite acknowledges. ‘They’re the very backbone of divine couture.’
‘You look ravishing yourself, my dear,’ Desdemona compliments her, ‘every inch the goddess.’
‘Have you missed me?’
The Spider says nothing. A reply would be pointless. She will find herself either lying or confessing and neither response will advance her agenda.
The path leads them to the verge of a well-manicured lawn composed of alternating stripes of lighter and darker grass. In the middle of the lawn three men squat on their haunches, shoulders hunched, heads bowed, resigned to some yet nameless fate.
‘Who are these men?’ The Spider is intrigued.
‘My chief of security advises me they are insurgents,’ Aphrodite responds, ‘but I think he exaggerates the threat they pose. They are certainly anarchists. They were caught daubing graffiti on the walls of one of my temples and so I had them brought here.’
‘Defacing divine property,’ Desdemona shrugs, ‘whatever is the world coming to? What will you do with them, Gaya?’
Aphrodite turns to her sister goddess, ‘What will you have me do with them, Genevieve?’
‘Execute them of course,’ Desdemona says without hesitation. ‘Their crime may appear trifling, but a clear example must always be set.’
Aphrodite sighs. ‘They are but misguided youths, and the middle one is already ripe for seduction. But I fear you are right, Sister. An example must be set.’ She tilts her head to one side, ‘unless you wish to have them. I could have them transported to that dreadful castle of yours.’
‘You could, but why bother? Mortals are ten a penny. Despatch them and let us return to the ball.’
‘Very well,’ Aphrodite snaps her fingers, the sound echoing out across the lawn. At once two shadows detach themselves from the tree line and cross the lawn towards the squatting youths.
‘Tomb Jaags,’ Desdemona recognises them at once. She turns to Aphrodite, ‘You realise the possession of these creatures is highly illegal?’
‘But they’re so exquisitely ugly,’ Aphrodite sighs. ‘Just look at them. They actually get erections when they’re about to make a kill. Fascinating creatures.’
They are indeed fascinating. They lope silently across the lawn towards the three youths, humanoid, tall, thin and hairless, with corpse white flesh and small, misshapen heads. In proportion to these heads their jaws are simply enormous, filled with dagger length teeth, their eyes black as pitch. Tomb Jaags are scavengers, grave robbers, universally abhorred. They exist in the bleak subterranean district of Gehenna and are very rarely seen above ground, belonging as they do to the genetic sub-species known as Imps.
One of the squatting youths spots the approaching Jaags and immediately cries out a warning to his companions. At once all three leap to their feet and attempt to flee, but the Spider knows it is useless; Jaags can reach a speed of forty kph over flat terrain. The youths have no chance. The Jaags howl in glee and set off in pursuit of the fleeing boys. Their long, bony legs eat up the distance, carrying them along at a tremendous pace. It is as though the youths are running in slow motion. One of the boys stumbles and falls and before he can rise, a Jaag is on him. The boy struggles desperately, but a savage bite to the base of his neck, a vicious twist, and he shudders violently and is still.
The second youth fares no better. The third turns and attempts to make a final stand. The Jaags circle him, laughing, mocking and masturbating as they lunge at him, snapping their jaws, before quickly retreating. The youth knows he is finished, but there is defiance in his eyes. He would rather fight than die with his back tuned.
‘Enough!’ Desdemona commands. Her voice is gunshot loud, instantly freezing the tableau on the lawn.
Aphrodite turns to her. ‘Sister…?’ she begins, but Desdemona is already striding across the lawn towards the surviving youth and his misshapen antagonists. The Jaags howl at her as she approaches, furious at the interruption, but they give ground, their eyes registering uncertainty. They lack the stomach for a confrontation with divinity.
By the time Desdemona reaches the boy, the Jaags have scuttled off, loping back to the corpses of his slain companions and dragging them off into the shadows.
‘What’s your name?’ Desdemona asks the youth.
He is wild-eyed, no more than eighteen, his chest heaving with exertion, voice shaking as he replies, ‘Samuel, goddess.’
‘Tell me, Samuel, what chance did you stand against Tomb Jaags?’
He shakes his head defiantly, ‘Could have inflicted some damage before they got me.’ He sounds confident enough, but Desdemona doubts the validity of this claim.
‘You are free,’ she tells him, ‘but you’d do well to remember the fate of your companions the next time you have the urge to deface divine property.’ He looks at her as though he suspects a trick, then slowly retreats, step by hesitant step, and when he is far enough away, he turns and runs.
‘Beneath that stern exterior,’ Aphrodite says when Desdemona returns to her side, ‘you have a surprising tenderness, Sister.’
‘Courage should always be rewarded,’ Desdemona replies curtly.
*
Aphrodite leads the Spider to a stone sundial partially hidden beneath a ring of sacrament trees. It protrudes up out of the earth at a drunken angle, half strangled by vine.
‘There’s been talk of you in the City of Gods.’ Aphrodite contemplates the dais as she speaks, ‘They call you the rebel god. I should think that would amuse you.’
‘I keep myself to myself,’ the Spider replies. ‘Since when has that been a crime?’
Aphrodite inclines her head. ‘You openly prey on mortals’ she says softly. ‘You move without the sanction of a divine house. Really Desdemona, you play far too dangerous a game.’
In the distance the Spider can hear the faint sounds of Aphrodite’s party; the murmur of voices beyond the screening trees, the tinkle of wine glasses, a sudden predatory laugh that swoops and fades against the background hum, a woman’s piercing giggle; half flirtatious, half inebriated.
‘What was the real reason you invited me here tonight?’ she asks at length.
Aphrodite sweeps dead leaves from the face of the sundial; its bronze pointer is bent and broken. ‘You have been named in a prophecy,’ she says as she absently tries to set the pointer straight. ‘A prophecy that the gods will fall, and that you, dear sister, will be instrumental in that fall.’
The Spider shrugs. ‘Pandora’s prophesy,’ she says. ‘It’s obvious that little bitch has her own agenda. If she didn’t have divine protection, I’d have throttled her long ago.’
‘The end times are upon us,’ Aphrodite replies. ‘The Elohim sense it; the war with Damascus was just the beginning. The mortals will rise again. Soon the war to end all wars will begin and in times such as these even prophesies carry great weight.’
‘I have no interest in Pandora’s half-mad ravings,’ the Spider snaps. ‘No interest whatsoever.’
‘Several divine houses do believe in Pandora’s half-mad ravings,’ Aphrodite replies. ‘They believe it’s in their best interest to have you eliminated.’
‘Over a mere prophesy?’ the Spider is incredulous.
‘Murder has been carried out for far lesser cause,’ Aphrodite points out. She has found a dead sparrow lying on the ground beside the dais, its remains mummified and powdery. Gently cupping the tiny carcass in her hands she presses it to her breast.
‘I see you invited Pandora here tonight,’ the Spider says. ‘Did you wish me to confront her? Were you hoping for a little drama perhaps?’
‘She invited herself,’ Aphrodite replies. ‘Pandora goes where she pleases as you well know.’ She raises the dead bird to her lips and blows upon it. A soft breath that is almost a sigh and a moment later, amidst a flurry of feathers, the bird stirs and begins chirping lustily in the goddess’ cupped hand. She whispers to it, as though passing the sparrow a message, and then releases it into the night. The bird flitters away into shadows.
‘Is the House of Dagda amongst those who wish to see me eliminated?’ the Spider asks, her voice harsher than she intends.
Aphrodite shakes her head. ‘If it were,’ she says, ‘you’d be dead already.’
‘Then what house threatens me?’
Aphrodite shrugs. ‘I have said all I can. I love you, sister, as I always have. I wish you well and would see no harm befall you. Heed my words. These are dangerous times.’ She smiles to break the solemnity of her words.
The Spider does not return the smile; ‘I have enough problems without adding prophesies to the list,’ she says.
‘Pandora is a vessel,’ Aphrodite says, ‘an empty vessel. She says what she is compelled to.’
‘Then you believe there is some truth to her prophecy?’
Aphrodite shrugs. For the first time her composure slips. It is a minute slip, but in that fleeting instant the Spider sees there are troubled waters beneath her glacial exterior. ‘Not even the gods are forever,’ she whispers.
‘Do you fear death?’ the Spider is prompted to ask her.
Aphrodite shudders and hugs her shoulders. ‘Stay with me tonight, sister,’ her eyes are filled with the urgency of her request; ‘I know it’s a lot to ask, but stay with me – if only for this one night.’
FLIGHT OF THE SERAPH
It is noon the next day when the Spider leaves Aphrodite’s temple ship. Aphrodite offers her the use of her personal shuttle, but Desdemona requires only the Kepler clearance code, allowing her to pass easily through the temple’s K-shield. On the other side, she leaps clear of the temple’s port balcony, arms spread to embrace the Infernum.
As she leaps, Desdemona launches a web strand that snakes away from her and anchors the hull of a slow moving barge ship. Grabbing the line with her four upper limbs, she endures deep body shock as she’s snapped in the direction of the barge. Using a series of transport ships and cargo haulers, the Spider piggybacks her way across the Infernum until she finds an automated transit ship destined for her home district. She alights on the ship and quickly spins a web hammock between vertical fins, resting in the eye of her temporary nest as the ship carries her home.
*
Parting company with the transit ship just before they land at Narcissus’ primary soft-port, Desdemona webs her way back across the district’s familiar skyline with the confidence of a hunter returned to her own backyard.
She does not immediately return to Castle Arineae, instead heading towards a Silgate tower in the neighbouring crome of Danube. It is something of a ritual with her, the tower becomes a column of fire when the noon sun hits it just right; there is something very nearly religious about the experience of standing and bathing in that fiery glow. The tower is commonly known as the Montgomery Grey building, or the MG for short; a beautiful slice of silicon engineering that resembles the mast sail of an old-earth wind galleon, albeit reproduced on a breath-taking scale.
The Spider visits the tower each spring morning just after dawn, resting on the highest of its many solar panelled roofs. The second tallest building in District Narcissus, the MG has an uninterrupted view of the entire district. From her rooftop perch the Spider can easily map the remainder of her journey home, but the tower also affords her a place to relax in temporary solitude. Today Aphrodite has delayed her and she arrives at the tower almost too late to catch the noon display.
At the decaying end of her web arc, Desdemona jets a second line ahead of her that hooks the jutting angles of the MG building and at once her velocity drops to zero. She hangs suspended for a moment between the old line and the new. A high wind buffets her as she works quickly to splice the two lines together. Once this is accomplished she uses the fused line to tightrope the rest of the way across to the roof of the MG. Here she rests, a wave of information flooding her from past and future as she scrys the most energy efficient path home.
It is in this moment she has what she will later describe to Djoba as a ‘vivid hallucination,’ but later, much later, she will come to call it an epiphany. It begins with a feeling she is no longer alone. She closes her scrying eyes, pooling her attention back into the present and it is then she becomes aware of strange objects floating all around her. She stares at these objects, not quite certain what she is witnessing.
The air around her is filled with tiny creatures that appear half human, half simian. They stare at Desdemona with huge unblinking eyes, floating in serene defiance of gravity. There are thousands of them, hundreds of thousands, millions even, extending in every direction like markers at the intersecting points of a vast, three-dimensional grid. For the first time in a millennium Desdemona doubts her sanity. She has never before seen the like, so small she could easily hold four of these creatures in the palm of one hand. They make her feel uneasy, the way they stare at her with those huge disc-like eyes that seem to see all and know all.
She opens her scrying eyes, but can neither see these creatures in the past tense nor the future. They seem to exist only here - in the present. Are they hallucinations? Holograms? Even holograms cast reflections into past and future. They feel ominous. Like a presentiment of doom. Instinctively she feels they are a warning.
She reaches out to touch one of them and the instant she does they all pop out of existence. Just like that. One moment there are a limitless number of the creatures, arranged like the points on an infinite grid-square, the next moment they have vanished, leaving Desdemona uncertain they had ever truly existed.
*
Perturbed by this vision she fires web grapples ahead of her and swings gracefully away from the roof of the building. As she does so the clouds slip from the face of the district’s noonday sun and the MG tower becomes a momentary beacon of fire, sunlight reflecting powerfully off its silicon escarpments. In the same instant a terrible shriek pierces the air, reverberating off the buildings around Desdemona, unnerving her, as it is no doubt intended to.
She opens her scrying eyes. The next thirty seconds unfold before her in a panoramic flash. Through her scrying eyes she sees herself broken and bloody, two limbs severed, chest cavity crushed. She sees herself dying, lifted in the arms of a war angel, its hundred foot wingspan easily carrying her into the skies over Narcissus. It is an ambush.
Instantly Desdemona closes her scrying eyes and severs her web line. She drops like a stone, scrunching her body into a foetal ball to present as small a target as possible. A huge shape slashes past her, so close she feels the buffeting force of its slipstream. Desdemona twists violently, trying to alter the predictability of her plunge. She senses shadows circling back towards her. A second scream rents the air; more shrill, more piercing than the first.
She drops at more than a hundred feet per second, spinning web lines in desperation. She feels one snag. The satisfying shudder as it finds an anchor point. Suddenly Desdemona is twisting up out of the abyss. She begins to arc left, dragged in the direction of her web line, releases it, snags a second line and almost at once she is snapped in the opposite direction. This manoeuvre undoubtedly saves her life. Her unseen attacker tries to anticipate the Spider’s momentum, but her abrupt change in direction throws his/her calculations off by milliseconds. Her antagonist hurtles past the Spider, its slipstream throwing her into an uncontrollable spin.
She twists desperately to avoid getting entangled in her own lines. At the decaying end of her web-arc she is heading towards a solid tower wall at just under seventy kliks an hour. She severs her web at the last possible moment to avoid being smashed to pieces against unyielding pexi-glass. Using a control line to stabilize her decent Desdemona floats down onto the protective dome of a tower balcony.
She is safe. For the moment.
*
Seraph. War angels. Two of them; male and female. She sees them circling the abyss between spindle and mega towers, majestic and deadly as birds-of-prey. They are frustrated, no doubt, by the Spider’s escape. With their colossal wingspan they cannot manoeuvre this close to the buildings, but the Spider cannot remain on her perch indefinitely.
For the moment it is a standoff. She is in deep peril and Desdemona knows it. Seraph are amongst the highest order of angel and two of them operating in partnership are more than the Spider’s match. She opens her scrying eyes again. She focuses on the future tense. The news is grim; every alternate future she studies ends badly for her.
The Seraph emit piercing shrieks, trying to psyche the Spider out. Her flesh crawls with the septic horror of that sound, pitched at just the right frequency to induce paranoia. She fights the powerful impulse to flee. She is helpless, cornered like prey, but if she must die it will be in combat, not running with her back toward the enemy.
They are beautiful to look upon - these Seraph. Their wings and body armour are liquid chrome, reflecting sky and city, merging the two into a rainbow coalition of colours. But their true colour is the grey of overcast skies. Their bodies are lithe and perfectly formed, their faces concealed by sleek helmets that look wind sculptured. They are blind. This much is common knowledge. They operate through echo-location, bouncing high pitched signals off objects whilst in flight and drawing up a mental map of the terrain from the returning echo.
Desdemona knows much about their fighting techniques. She has fought alongside the Seraph in the distant past. Yet each time she sees them she is seduced afresh by their sheer elegance in the air. No other class of angel can match these creatures in agility or prowess. In Enochian they are known as elle shimoor: the beautiful ones. She has time to study her adversaries, to appreciate hunters every bit her equal, and despite her enormous peril Desdemona finds herself admiring them - falling in love with their cruel symmetry, their solidarity of purpose. They are perfect executioners; their wings are razor keen, each one a fifty foot guillotine, their armoured limbs festooned with steel thorns, hands and feet ending in vicious hook claws. They are here to kill her and Desdemona knows they will not leave until the job is done.
*
She is not quite willing to surrender to her fate. The Spider cannot match these creatures in the air, but she can shift the odds slightly in her favour. She jets virgin web out across the abyss. The web line slices through the air, too fast for the human eye to detect. It hooks an ornate feature on a neighbouring building and snaps taut. The Spider severs the line and anchors its free end to the wall behind her; then she repeats the exercise, jetting a second strand across to join the first, anchoring its free end, and so on, until she has strung a dozen lines between her perch and the neighbouring tower.
She begins to strum the web lines with her false legs, exciting each one to a particular resonance. She listens, ears keen as tachyon sensors, altering the pitch, tightening the rhythm, until she has reproduced her own frequency on all two dozen web lines. To the Seraph it is as though the Spider has fractured into two dozen different, yet identical, entities, each with identical mass and density, each moving along its own separate web line. The Seraph operate on frequency alone which leaves them uniquely susceptible to the phantom vibrations Desdemona is producing.
It is good to know one’s enemies.
She scuttles out along the slender web-lines, moving from line to line, strumming them with her hind-legs, making it impossible for the Seraph to lock onto any one signal. The angels draw a ring around the vibrating web lines, flashing back and forth as they try to sort out the multiple readings they are receiving. They could as easily slice through the lines, but they are ultra-adhesive and the Seraph fear becoming ensnared in them.
The Spider carefully maintains her deception as she dances along the web lines. She hears the Seraph communicating with each other as they circle, their voices pitched too high for mortal hearing. The Seraph are a breeding pair, bonded for life. They operate as a single hunting unit, able to anticipate each other’s needs, exchanging information faster than the speed of thought.
They start flapping their huge silicon wings, creating a buffeting wind that whips the delicate cat’s cradle of lines into a frenzy of motion. It is impossible to maintain her charade now and it is all Desdemona can do to hang on as she is tossed violently by the force of the Seraphs’ head wind.
The sharp aroma of god’s grace envelopes her, catching at the back of her throat, searing her lungs. Through her scrying eyes she evaluates the Seraph’s every possible move in the next thirty seconds, and she is ready when they finally detect her. By this time the Spider’s ghost signals have completely evaporated. She is exposed and near defenceless as the chrome archangels swoop down on her with blood curdling cries of triumph – but she is not nearly as defenceless as she has led them to believe. She has one advantage that proves critical in the next few seconds.
She can see the future. The Seraph cannot.
She secures a web-cast to the line she is clinging to, and as the Seraph drop down on her like chrome avalanches she lets go her grip and abseils into the mouth of gravity. The archangels are after her in an instant. As fast as she falls they can fall faster and Desdemona leans into her descent, wrapping her limbs around her torso so that there is no drag to slow her. She plunges down through layers of silence, surrendering to gravity, every sense tuned to the sound of the Seraph’s murderous pursuit.
Everything is down to split-second calculations. If she is off by a micro fraction she will die. Her ancient heart swells with the excitement of the challenge. She has seen the future, now she must put the knowledge to use.
The male is slightly ahead of his companion, his bladed wings making a peculiar keening sound as they slice through the air. He is almost upon the Spider. He violates all her senses, a hound running a rabbit to ground, but this rabbit has an ace up its sleeve. She closes her base aperture at the last possible moment and the web-line unspooling from her spine is snapped tight. The Spider’s descent is terminated in an instant. The male Seraph hurtles past her and as he does so, Desdemona instantly severs her web line and drops down onto his broad back, eight limbs wrapping themselves around his delicious torso and drawing tight.
She feels his rage, his frustration. He tries to slash backwards with his razor keen wings, but they are hopelessly unwieldy in quarters this intimate. She moves fast. Desdemona has seconds before the female wrenches her from the back of her mate. She releases a thick, viscous web line, concentrating all her will into making it as adhesive as possible, her hind legs playing it out rapidly, cocooning the Seraph’s wing joints. He has some inkling of what she is attempting and goes into a fast, controlled spin, his wings shortening, muscles bunching as he twists faster and faster. The Spider clings to him, tight as his own skin. The world is a kaleidoscope blur around her as she continues to clog up the Seraph’s joints.
His actions have inadvertently bought the Spider precious seconds. Whilst he spins the female is unable to approach and Desdemona has the time she needs to complete the task at hand. With a shriek of despair that perforates her sensitive eardrums and blows out every pexiglass panel in a kilometre radius, the male Seraph is dragged into a death dive, his wings frozen, unable to spread. The world screams around them as spider and angel plunge to their deaths, but Desdemona is not finished yet.
She leaps clear of the doomed Seraph, using her scrying eyes to see ahead of her own momentum. She knows exactly where the balcony lip is, she knows the exact distance between web-line and anchor point. In free fall she releases her web projectile, snagging the balcony with prescient skill, and is instantly dragged out of her plunge. Using powerful muscles in the base of her spine to retract the web, the Spider drags herself up and over the balcony in a flash.
She looks down over the railings. The female is following her mate all the way down, wailing in distress, trying desperately to catch up with him. He is doomed and by now they must both realise it. The female barely has time to pull out of her own dive before her companion hits the ground several hundred metres below. The Spider does not linger. She is already releasing support lines, swinging away at reckless speed, putting as much distance between herself and the surviving Seraph as she can.
*
Seraph do not take the deaths of their companions lightly and sitting in the heart of her web later that night the Spider listens to the terrible sounds of the female’s keening as it echoes out over District Narcissus. There can’t be many abroad tonight who won’t be casting fretful glances into the holographic sky.
The Spider broods in terrible silence. She has been betrayed. The Seraph knew where she would be. It was no accident the sun came out to blind her just as they attacked. It was a near perfect ambush. There is only one entity in all of Golgotha Falls who could have known Desdemona’s schedule. Aphrodite.
The Spider smiles. To speak so softly to me; she thinks: to drop veiled warnings that I was in jeopardy, and all the while she was plotting my demise; the cold hearted bitch. Gods, how I love her. There are many who can murder, yet few who can smile whilst they do it. The reason for her betrayal will plague the Spider tomorrow, but for tonight she is happy simply to be alive.
She listens to the anguished cries of the Seraph, filling the heavens with rage and loss. The female will come seeking vengeance soon enough, and the Spider will be ready when she does. But for now she sits quietly in the heart of her web and she thinks of something Djoba told her a long time ago. ‘Even angels grieve,’ he’d said. The Spider forgets the occasion that prompted this remark, but the words ring true tonight.
‘Yes they do, darling,’ she whispers into the dark. ‘Angels grieve and spiders dream and all the world trembles at the rage of a god betrayed.’
Tonight she rests, but she is already weaving her plans. In the days and weeks ahead she can foresee blood, pain and infinite varieties of death. She does not need her scrying eyes to foresee this future. But tonight she rests. She is patient. It is ever the virtue of a spider.
CARAPACE
DEATH AND THE SPIDER
She is dead – falling – body broken and vanquished, blood trailing her like crimson smoke markers –
She is mostly torso, arms severed, her head only partially attached to her shoulders – the world is quiet when you’re dead, silent and glorious, the light burning right through you, and there is such a sense of peace, such a feeling of abandonment, and you think: death’s not so bad, death’s not so frightening – and then you relinquish the last of your flesh and watch it drop away like so much ballast, spiralling in broken circles, and there is only a moment of fleeting nostalgia for the shell you occupied for three and a half millennia – and then you are moving outwards in all directions and it is as though the secret heart of the universe summons you home – your task done – your rest well deserved –
*
When the visions of death begin she knows she is close to transformation.
The Spider awakens. She has had the dream again. She clings to the silk wall of her nest; sweat beading her brow, stinging her eyes. She lets the sweat drip, watches it run down the wall and collect like tears in silver pools at the bottom.
She mulls over the dream in her mind. Always the same dream. She is falling, surrendering to void, death spinning up from below as the Spider’s blood colours the sky above with ribbons and streamers of crimson. At the bottom of her web chamber ivory skulls gleam like broken ceramic bowls that once contained the thinking, articulate broth of humanity. She has drunk her fill and discarded the vessels. Death surrounds her. Death fills her. Death obsesses her every waking moment.
Her time is close. The moment of transformation is near.
*
She walks naked through the gothic halls of her castle, a pale elongated figure slipping through leviathan shadows. Her eyes are fever bright, the delicate bones of her face even more prominent as the strain of the transformation begins to show. She is a new-age Kali, beautiful to behold yet infinitely dangerous. Her medusa coils weave sensuously around her face; her high forehead and sharp cheekbones give her the look of ancient nobility. It is not a human face; it is too long, too perfect. It is the face of a goddess, enigmatic and fearsome, suggesting that beneath the beauty ever lurks the beast.
*
She enters the grand drawing room where the walls are covered by permafrost and stalactites reach down from the high ceiling and everything has the appearance of blue-rinsed glass. It is some forty degrees below zero, but the Spider is impervious to the cold, her flesh carked to withstand the worst extremes of deep space exploration. She sits at the long table and ponders the future. Parts of the wall have been frost shattered, frozen masonry peppering the floor beneath her feet. The table is solid magmite, imported from the off-colony world of Nazarine; black stone with a petroleum sheen that instantly bewitches the eye. She stares down into it and spreads her fingers against its surface.
My enemies are legion.
Yes, her enemies are legion, their rank and file without number. Her life has been one continuous struggle. Her survival testimony to her great skill and aggression, but it only takes a single defeat, one simple lapse in concentration, and all her victories would become meaningless. It would be as though she’d never lived at all.
She cries out and is haunted by the echoes that return to her.
Why am in despair?
Her time is near.
Once every twelve years this transformation takes place. It is necessary, she keeps reminding herself, necessary things are painful. But the change wrecks havoc on her emotions, her hormones; it shatters her usually structured life and can make her moody and erratic for days on end.
Rising suddenly from the drawing room table the Spider decides then and there to impose order upon her life. She needs to keep the wheels turning. She is in the middle of a personal vendetta with the archangels and she cannot let her guard down for an instant.
*
In the crome of Carthabbey there is a street called The Diner’s Walk that hosts some of the finest eateries in District Narcissus. Here the restaurants and cafés cater to old-earth palates, recreating many dishes popular amongst mankind before the fall. Of all these restaurants, Enzo-the-Swine is the Spider’s absolute favourite. Enzo Faubier, the proprietor and head chef at Enzo-the-Swine, is a personal friend of the Spider’s and it is here that she can dine comfortably, her perverse tastes catered for with no questions asked and no fuss raised.
Tonight she is dressed in flowing robes of muted black with a veil of finely embroidered lace. Her false arms and legs are folded behind her, resembling the crossed hilts of ornate swords. When she arrives at Enzo-the-Swine the maître‘d ushers her at once to a discreet booth at the back of the restaurant, customised to accommodate her seven and a half foot frame.
*
Tonight she dines on roasted tarantula, a most exquisite delicacy. She feels calmer; more in control of herself. Good. It is important to remain focussed; her contact will be here soon.
Whilst she eats Desdemona evaluates the restaurant, searching for threats, anomalies, anything that stands out in her immediate environment. She probes the other diners, twenty-nine in all and fourteen members of staff - two new waiters, an unfamiliar barman. She smells igneous worms spitted over an open fire, the metallic tang of cobalt beetles, their giant tusked carcasses hanging on steel hooks somewhere at the back of the restaurant. She catches scent of bouvel millipedes, processed for their sweet, slightly smoky meat, and blood ants, their honeyed bellies an off-world aphrodisiac, a cocktail of aromas that makes her dizzy, slightly disorientated. She is not processing information properly, or is over processing, she cannot tell which.
She senses the man slip into the booth next to her. She smells the faint whiff of expensive cologne, hears his heartbeat as an irregular murmur. She has warned him often about his heart, but the old fool will listen to no one.
‘On the far colony world of Legion,’ she tells her invisible neighbour as she continues to dine, ‘there lived a race of giant spiders, the dominant species on that planet. They were telepathic and wove webs of such intricacy and on such a scale as to transform the ecology of that world forever.’
A raspy, chain-smoker’s voice murmurs through the curtain divide. ‘What became of the giant spiders of Legion, Lady Desdemona?’
‘They died,’ Desdemona replies. ‘All of them.’ She shrugs, ‘The war between the Elohim and mankind consumed many worlds, including the world of Legion, and so the spiders died, a billion year old species – extinguished in the blink of a cosmic eye.’
‘I’m truly sorry to hear that.’
‘Are you?’
There is a muttered laugh and the curtains that separate the two diners tremble slightly. ‘Not especially, my lady. How are you?’
‘Alive, Abdul,’ the Spider dabs her lips with the corner of her napkin.
‘That pleases me,’ Abdul Qassam replies. ‘And what can old Abdul do for my lady? What’s so urgent that it requires my specialised assistance?’
Desdemona hears the waiter approach Abdul’s table. She says nothing further whilst Abdul orders a vegetarian two-course meal.
‘Every night recently,’ she says, when the waiter has left, ‘I have had dreams.’
‘I have had my own dreams recently,’ Abdul replies wistfully; ‘I am being raped by a beautiful whore of Harrigon extract. She wears a phallus the size of a horse’s –’
‘Irrelevant,’ snaps the Spider impatiently.
Abdul sighs heavily. ‘I am unequivocally and irredeemably homosexual,’ he says. ‘To be so ravished by a member of the opposite sex, no matter how beguiling, is really quite a trial, believe me.’
The Spider sips her wine. ‘Are we talking about your dreams or mine?’
‘Touchy tonight, aren’t we?’
‘I’m close to time.’
‘You poor dear,’ Abdul sounds almost genuine in his concern, ‘I should have known. Are you in pain?’
‘There is no pain, only a feeling of confinement.’
‘Like being in a relationship you can’t get out of?’
‘If you like.’
‘We’ve all had one of those,’ the sound of his fingers drumming the table, his nails long and carefully filed. He wears a ring, the Spider can hear it as his fingers softly strike the table top. It makes a sound below the human audio range, but to the Spider it chimes loud as a bell.
‘I heard you had an encounter with a pair of Seraph,’ Abdul says after a reflective pause.
‘I was attacked.’
She senses his frown, the quickening of his heartbeat; the subtle acceleration of his breath. She suspects he is searching for the right words.
‘Rumour has it,’ he says hesitantly, ‘and I’m not one to entertain rumour, you understand? But rumour has it you were the one first attacked the Seraph.’
The Spider laughs harshly, drawing the attention of several nearby diners. She senses them looking in the direction of her booth, wondering at the source of that disagreeable laugh, and this only makes her laugh louder.
‘And you really believe that?’ she says. ‘That I, alone, would attack bonded Seraph in broad daylight. I’m reckless, darling, but suicidal I’m not. Anyway,’ she waves a dismissive hand, ‘there’s going to be a hearing in Cognitia to determine the facts.’
‘And what are the facts, m’lady?’
‘I was attacked, as I have stated.’
Abdul pitches his voice lower. ‘Do you know why?’
‘You’re the all-seeing, all-knowing one. Isn’t that what you’d have your punters believe?’
She hears him tap the side of his nose. ‘My business is information,’ he says, ‘I like to believe I stay ahead of my competitors, but with regards to the Seraph attack, Lady Desdemona, I have heard rumours concerning a certain prophecy.’
‘What a coincidence,’ the Spider says dourly, ‘so have I.’
‘Ah, that’s the rub, aye?’ Abdul rumbles. ‘Prophesies are so damned hard to insure against. Once they get going they gather a momentum all their own.’ Lowering his voice to a near whisper, he says, ‘It was Pandora that started this particular one; claimed you’d bring about the fall of the gods and she may as well have handed out Shoot-To-Kill posters with your face printed on them. I reckon the Seraph were making damned sure the prophesy didn’t come true.’
‘By killing me?’ The Spider nudges her plate away from her. She has lost her appetite.
‘It’s a bit crude, I grant you,’ Abdul gives an unseen shrug, ‘but murder has the advantage of being time-tested.’
‘It’s not the angels I’m worried about,’ the Spider says. ‘That’s not why I called you here.’
‘Then what does ail my lady? I’ve noticed you seem a bit twitchier than usual.’
‘A week ago I was attacked in my home castle’ the Spider explains. ‘They came up through the apartment block below, six assassins in all.’ She deliberately refrains from mentioning the paradox portal she suspects the assassins used to gain entry to the Hermes building.
‘I had heard something about that,’ Abdul confesses.
The Spider stares at her plate. ‘I wonder how,’ she says sourly.
Abdul ignores this. ‘The important thing is you’re ok,’ he says, ‘and the scum that attacked you are all dead. It’s essential you send out the right message. They’ll think twice before they try that again.’
‘But why did they try it in the first place? That’s what I want to know. What would prompt assassins to target me?’
‘It’s got to be the Heathen,’ Abdul sounds convinced. ‘You’re the third member of divinity they’ve attacked this month.’
He pauses as his starters arrive, thanks the waiter, and when he is alone again, continues. ‘And just look at Nictus. The poor soul was gutted in his own bed three weeks ago, the symbol of the Heathen daubed all over his apartment walls; a demigod slain by mortals? It’s unheard of. The demis are screaming bloody murder and I can’t say I blame them.’
The Spider chooses her words carefully. It is important she stay focussed on what she has to say. But it is difficult. She feels nauseous all of a sudden, the sounds in the restaurant collapsing in on her, merging into one titanic hum. She shouldn’t have had the tarantulas. Tonight she shouldn’t have left the castle at all.
‘Pandora’s prophecy,’ she says with measured slowness, ‘names me as the likely cause for the fall of the gods. Am I right?’
‘That’s the crux of it,’ Abdul agrees.
‘The same gods the Heathen have publicly declared themselves in conflict with?’
Abdul hesitates before answering. ‘I suppose so.’
The Spider presses on. ‘Wouldn’t that make me a de facto ally of the Heathen?’ she asks.
‘Put like that I suppose it would,’ Abdul says thoughtfully.
‘Then why try to kill me?’ She places her fingers against her temple where the beginnings of a migraine are stirring.
Tucking into his starters, Abdul says, ‘I see what you’re driving at. Seems a bit strange, I suppose. Maybe the Heathen aren’t aware of the prophecy. It’s not exactly common knowledge amongst mortals.’
The Spider shakes her head impatiently. ‘I’m assuming the Heathen have a pretty sophisticated spy network. I’m sure they’ve heard about the prophecy by now. You have.’
‘Then perhaps a secret agenda?’
‘Go on.’
‘I’m only speculating.’
‘I’m not stopping you.’
‘Well, it seems strange that the Heathen are able to access almost any facility in the city no matter how sophisticated the security precautions. I believe, and I have believed for some time, that the Heathen are being controlled by a hidden party, an agent provocateur; someone or something that uses their fanatical ideology as a smokescreen. It’s a workable theory, no?’
‘What makes you think this?’
‘There’s a certain pattern to the Heathen attacks – the three explosions in Abaddon, the recent suicide bombing in Ahura Setti, the hijackings in Lumina – there’s a certain inconsistency that’s hard to pin down. I don’t know, it’s just a feeling. Over the years the Bles’men have captured and questioned a number of Heathen operatives and they’ve all had near perfect mind wipes. Beyond a certain level of interrogation they suffer irreparable brain damage, complete neural shut down, like they’ve been pre-programmed to self-destruct. You get a sense they’re being controlled, and not just by faith.’
‘Controlled by whom?’ The Spider is intrigued by this theory.
‘Gehenna, The Odessa – maybe even a rebel group of gods – who knows.’
‘I want you to do me a favour.’ The Spider winces as a dagger of pain slices through her brain. She must leave this restaurant soon; the close confinement is confusing her senses.
‘I’m at your service, my lady,’ Abdul’s voice is growing increasingly distant.
‘Find out why I was a target,’ her own voice booms strangely in her skull.
‘I’ll see what I can do,’ Abdul assures her.
‘How soon can you get me word?’ She is beginning to shake, growing more feverish by the second. She has to leave. Soon.
‘How quickly do you need word, my lady?’
‘Before dawn.’
‘You’re asking the impossible.’
‘Would it help if I said please?’ Her hands close into fists. She wills herself to remain focused. She must not let the transformation get the better of her in public.
‘It’ll cost you extra. I’ll have to pull in a lot of favours,’ Abdul is saying.
‘You have my personal com link?’
‘I have.’
She stands; her head about to burst, it is all she can do to bring the meeting to a discrete close. ‘Give me a call when you have something. We’ll meet back here. I’m relying on you, Abdul. Don’t let me down.’
THE EIGHT-FOLD PATH
Desdemona does not believe the Heathen are behind the assassination attempt. The Heathen are fanatics, suicidal; who can truly understand their ways? Yet even fanatics have a method to their madness. The Heathen simply have nothing to gain by killing Desdemona. She has almost as many enemies amongst the gods as they do.
*
But she cannot think. The change is upon her. She is growing more feverish by the hour and nothing seems rational anymore, nothing seems sane.
*
The Spider paces her castle halls like a creature demented. She shreds her clothes in despair and howls in anguish. She feels as though she has been buried alive in her own flesh. Her body is heavy and uncomfortable, like an ill-fitting suit. Her medusa coils, frantic with her emotions, whip about her face, darting this way and that as they seek the source of their mistress’ distress. Her eyes blaze with unholy fires, scrying eyes wide open, allowing past, future, and present to collide within her and she can’t tell the one from the other.
*
Djoba hides in his quarters. Not a peep out of the little misfit. He knows all about the transformation. He knows better than to leave the security of his quarters tonight. Tonight the Spider is in a killing mood and nothing that crosses her path will be spared.
*
She ascends the east tower, but hesitates when she comes to the Gallery of Echoes on the topmost floor. She stares down at the door handle, loathe to turn it. She cannot go in. She does not trust herself to go in. She is compelled to visit this room every cycle of Jupiter, once every twelve years, but between these visits she puts the room out of her mind completely. It is a room of past things and the past, in her sage opinion, should be visited as seldom as possible. She leaves the Gallery of Echoes, descending the stairs of the east tower, dripping sweat and the first droplets of blood onto the icy steps. She will return to the gallery when she must, but it is not yet time.
*
Later, the Spider descends from her home district of Narcissus to hunt mortals in the lower districts. She cannot remain helpless in her castle. Tonight it feels too much like a tomb.
*
Fátima is a dream inspired district of cathedral universities, library basilica, the black silicon towers of various warrior adepts, the parliament buildings that govern not just Fátima but twelve of its neighbouring districts. Its streets are tree lined and tidy, its main thoroughfares spill into countless parks and areas of green repose.
The Epsilon harbour front runs along Fátima’s western flange and has given rise to a sprawl of darkened streets that stand in stark contrast to the rest of that district’s genteel character. In the sky above the harbour a dense swarm of Junk ships and Sampans hover like flies above a particularly choice carcass. Sampans act as lighters to load and unload the huge cargo ships anchored just off the district. The harbour itself gives rise to a battery of wharf cranes that angle out over the district precipice. The Epsilon Harbour is an ugly scar on the face of Fátima and the residents of that district have fought long and hard for its removal, but the harbour remains and whilst it does the Spider finds its well-heeled back streets a preferred place to hunt.
*
Prostitutes, thieves, cutthroats, and hucksters ply age-old trades amongst the off-duty harbour workers. Speakeasies and harbour front taverns sag against each other along the precinct’s unkempt streets, filled with raucous laughter and the sounds of brawling men.
The Spider crawls across soot blackened roofs, searching the streets below for likely prey. She hears a babble of subliminal voices rising on the night currents; thoughts, whispers, sudden curses, a woman’s frantic heartbeat; the air is filled with subtle vibrations. The Spider spins a temporary nest between two chimneystacks and rests in its centre, waiting. Sooner or later prey will chance her way.
*
Tonight she is impatient. Her blood feels as though it is boiling in her veins. She trembles continuously and sets off uncharacteristic vibrations through the strands of her web. Her radar is fouled by her sickness, the fever spoils her concentration and she is unable to lock onto prey. She can go ahead and chance a kill regardless, relying on her scrying eyes and her own strength and agility, but she decides against this; the harbour streets are too narrow to easily manoeuvre in, too unwieldy. If she is caught unawares it will be hard to fight her way out again.
*
Frustrated by her failed hunt, the Spider leaves her perch and webs her way over to the District of Sinners. She enters her church through the roof and abseils down into its vaulted shadows. Tonight the church is deserted. There is no mass and only echoes greet her as she alights softly on the jade altar.
*
Father Fabian sits in the roofless cloister that joins the main body of the church to his personal quarters in the west wing. He smokes Elder weed and contemplates silence as the Spider approaches him. He seems unaware of her presence until she speaks.
‘The hour is late.’
‘It is late,’ he acknowledges with a slight bow, but does not turn in her direction.
‘Are you afraid of me, Father?’ She crouches beside him and stares up at the great temple ships floating in the night sky overhead.
‘I worship you,’ Fabian replies softly.
‘That’s not an answer.’
Fabian shakes his head. ‘I am not afraid of you, spider-lady.’
‘Why not?’, she demands. ‘The others are.’
Fabian turns his blind eyes in her direction. ‘The others are tinder hearts,’ he responds, ‘hollow of purpose. Have I not seen the eight fold plan of the Spider? Drunk I have of her widow’s bliss, partaken have I of the richness of her vision. We are one, spider-lady. I cannot fear you as I cannot fear the hour of my own death.’ He speaks in a voice barely above a whisper, but his words echo in the Spider’s skull long afterwards.
‘Sometimes I think you see things more clearly than I do, Father,’ she says wistfully. She wonders if she is deserving of such devotion as she studies the high priest of her cult. She is curious about the fishhook scars that nick his face; where did he get them? She knows little about Father Fabian’s life before he came to work for her.
‘You are the path, spider-lady,’ Father Fabian replies softly. ‘I am he that walks the path.’
She leans forward. ‘But why do you walk the path, Father? Why is it important that you walk this particular path?’
‘You are the path, spider-lady,’ Father Fabian gently repeats. ‘I am he that walks the path.’
The Spider sighs. She will get no more out of Fabian. She stares at him and thinks: I wish I believed in something as much as you do, Fabian. Mortals confound her. They are made simple by their faith, and yet often grow more powerful through it. A contradiction the Spider has never been able to reconcile.
Father Fabian has his music. He spends endless hours composing on virtual decks and has created holographic programs that immerse the user in a world of tactile notes and sensual tones, musical landscapes where every sound opens into a universe of sensation. Father Fabian could sell his programs for a fortune on the open market and yet he gifts them freely to the city. He has no interest in material gain. He has devoted his life to Lady Desdemona and in her service he surrenders himself to his art and the simplicity of his faith.
What is my passion? She wonders.
What do I believe in?
What would I die for?
‘Do you love me, Father?’ she asks as Temple Novitiates execute 90 degree manoeuvres in the holographic skies above the district.
‘As I love the hour of my own birth,’ Father Fabian replies.
‘That’s not an answer, Father.’
‘It is the only answer, spider-lady.’
*
She returns to the hunt. She has none of her usual appetite. In the foul back streets of Abaddon she chases a rapist to ground. The notorious Hilton slums are located in the northwest sector of this ghetto district, a maze of lawless streets run by warring drug gangs and paramilitary snatch squads. This is where the Spider finds the prey she craves.
The rapist is twenty years old; small, skinny, his face pockmarked and raw, a roadmap of heavy addiction. He is searching for a victim when the Spider encounters him, too immersed in his own hunt to notice that death has picked up his trail. She shadows him for a block, keeping to the rooftops, moving from roof to roof like a sliver of detached night. She keeps him locked within the crosshairs of her tri focus, scrying eyes open so that his past and probable future become known to her. She listens to his heartbeat until she becomes enchanted by it. Her fever is in temporary remission and she feels some of her old strength returning.
The rapist spots a teenage girl cutting through an alley – chancing a shortcut home, no doubt. She is furtive, streetwise, making certain she is not followed, but the rapist is seasoned. He passes her without glancing in her direction and when the girl disappears into the alley he doubles back and follows her in.
He is fast, determined, mean as a rattlesnake. He trails the girl expertly, dancing from shadow to shadow, merging with the darkness whenever she glances over her shoulder, which she does constantly. He is enjoying himself. The Spider can sense the hardening of his resolve, a peculiar mix of anger and lust rising in him as he powers into a fast run.
The girl turns, her eyes wide with terror as she hears the pound of the rapist’s feet. She screams once, a short, shrill sound that pierces the alley and then the rapist is on her, driving her back against the wall, one hand clamped over her mouth, the other around her throat.
He whispers obscenities in her ear as he presses himself against her body; excited by the power he has over her, his confidence growing with her terror. He is staring into the girl’s face, hypnotising her with the wickedness in his eyes, slowly throttling her into compliance. His pelvis thrusts urgently against her, a mute indication of his intent. He is so focused on the girl he sees nothing else.
The girl’s eyes switch from the rapist’s to the apparition that appears behind him. She stares up into the Spider’s inhuman face and her look of terror becomes one of stupefied wonder. Something in her attitude alerts the rapist to his peril. He turns, quick as a whippet, a look of fury on his face, his hand reaching for some weapon buried in the depths of his coat. But he freezes when he sees what confronts him.
They always freeze. Sometimes they void their bladders, sometimes they foul their pants, some puke, others begin to sob, many have fainted; many others begin to pray in the moments that follow, but in that first instant they always freeze, like puppets with all the master strings cut.
The rapist stares up into the Spider’s face and his fury leaves him like an exiled ghost. His face sags and he suddenly looks decades older. He looks like the father of the man he was a moment ago.
Softly the Spider addresses the girl. ‘Go home,’ she tells her.
The girl scrambles away, wrenching herself from the rapist’s nerveless grip. Unable to take her eyes off the Spider, she stumbles and falls twice before she finally turns and flees towards the distant mouth of the alley. The rapist begins to whimper. He is trying to articulate something, but his words are all jumbled. His face has become ashen as the face of a corpse, his heart swollen and leaden with fear.
‘Do you wish to live or die?’ she asks him simply.
‘Live, goddess,’ he replies in a whispered stammer. Oh, please let me live –‘
She would have killed him then. He has invited his own death with this cowardly response, but something checks her.
‘What do you believe in?’ she asks the rapist.
‘I believe in Elgin, patron god of lovers,’ the man weeps, grateful for the opportunity to say something, anything. ‘I was abused as a child – my uncle –
‘Enough!’ the Spider snaps and the rapist falls instantly silent. ‘What do you believe in?’ She towers over him, enveloping him in shadow as she glares impassively down.
He shakes his head, confused by the question. ‘Elgin –’ he begins.
‘What do you believe in?’ she asks again, her voice hard as diamond.
The rapist swallows, his eyes bulging from his head. ‘I – believe – I – nothing – I don’t believe in anything – it’s hopeless – it’s all fucked up, the system, the world, everything – what’s left to believe in?’
‘Then why do you cling to life?’ she asks.
The man tries to smile, but his face twists into a mask of self-loathing. ‘Hope,’ he whispers.
She presses him. ‘Hope in what?’
‘That things will change.’
She smiles at this. ‘I have news for you,’ she tells him.
He stares up at her, ‘Yes, goddess?’
‘They never will.’
And she decapitates him with a single back slash of her hand.
*
Who are you to judge others? Who stands in judgement over you?
*
She moves through the district of Penelope.
*
She is wicked. Blessed sacraments of night; the sky is a mirror, the moon her reflection. They are ancient sisters, tracing their lineage back to the beginning of motion. She is feverish as she swings across the glorious skyline of Penelope; a district ablaze with light, on fire with numinous invention, celestial ships floating between radiant towers of new world metals, ships like dragonflies that hover in glistening swarms, milking the fuel umbilicus that dangle from refuelling vessels. In the skies above Penelope there are ships that use chameleon tek to change their outward appearance; ships that have taken on the guise of cartoon characters or mythical beasts or fat laughing deities, there are ships that resemble floating mountains and others that resemble disembodied waterfalls.
*
Reinvent me.
The Spider yearns for reinvention; she is filled with an urge to die in order to be born. She is going mad with the feeling. She is dangerous, unpredictable, a threat to all life. At the same time she feels compassion, tenderness; alien and untrustworthy emotions. She regrets taking the rapist’s life. She regrets all things tonight and yet she hungers to take more life, to shed rivers of blood, to bathe in the purity and the simplicity of cold murder.
*
In Hallow Park she perches in treetops that look out over the fountains of Venus. Covert lovers have gathered around the illuminated fountains, perched on marble basins, silhouetted by blue cascading waters. The Spider watches them, trying to understand these brief moments of stolen passion. What do they see when they look into the faces of their loved ones? The inevitability of corruption? The creeping signs of decrepitude? Can they blind themselves so completely to the truth of their misery?
She plucks their thoughts from the air, disentangling them, unthreading their neurotic complexity until she can follow individual narratives. Through these she comes to know each lover intimately. She can read the subtext of betrayals and heartbreak that lurk beneath the surface. She can sense the lie behind the illusion. There is no love here by the fountains of Venus; only cold calculating desire, passion born of despair, as ugly and vulgar as rape.
Yet she cannot judge them. Who does she love? Where is her passion tonight? She feels as though she is breaking into many pieces. She sweats and shivers in the branches of the tree, her scrying eyes sporadically flaring open, filling her head with awful visions, fever induced futures, pasts that cannot possibly have occurred.
THE GALLERY OF ECHOES
Her time is near. The transformation is so close she tastes it at the back of her throat.
*
She kills a man in the dark and stink of an alley. Or she imagines she kills a man. He wears a demon mask and his eyes are blazing red as bloodstones. He is hard to kill. He keeps laughing even when she slices his head off. She has to crush the head to a bloody pulp before it finally stops laughing and by then she is exhausted by the effort.
*
She is in a district called Jada, or perhaps Tarquinia. She is briefly in the district of Taurus. Then she is elsewhere: another district, another time; perhaps the same night, perhaps many nights later. The fever consumes her flesh. She is on fire; her eyes feel hard and parched. She is hallucinating badly; she has to convince herself that the corpses watching her from every tower window cannot possibly be real. The moon has become a skull. It appears fleetingly between giant cloud banks of volcanic ash. It grins down at the Spider, its eye sockets filled with frozen comets.
*
‘Where are you going?’ the moon asks the Spider.
‘To the land of the dead,’ the Spider tells the moon.
‘What for?’ asks the moon.
‘To be reborn,’ says the Spider.
The moon clacks its ivory white teeth. ‘That is a good quest,’ it tells the Spider.
*
She falls from the sky, confused, flailing about in her terror. She lands on the roof of a cathedral and punches straight through, snapping rafters as she plummets to the ground below. A web strand, released in panic, saves her from a bone breaking impact. She is slowed just enough and crawls away from her fall with only superficial bruising. She crawls into shadows and tries to stop shaking. Her teeth rattle, her hands clench convulsively. She wills the transformation to take place so that her suffering might end, but it will not be hurried and she must continue to endure this madness.
*
She staggers out into the streets of Jada, or perhaps Lumina. The people she meets on the streets all have their eyes and mouths sewn shut. They look mummified, long dead. Her mind is playing tricks on her, but the tricks are getting hard to tell apart from the truth. She should not have left the safety of her castle when her time is so close. But the castle is a tomb, a place of dead stone and icy winds. She needs to feel alive. Even the company of mortals will do her tonight.
*
She hides in a trash skip, burrowing beneath the refuse, instinctively burying herself. She sleeps fitfully and in her dreams she is once again falling into the abyss, broken and vanquished, but this time she is on fire.
*
‘You look awful.’ The voice summons her from her feverish slumber. She opens her eyes and stares at the man calmly sitting in the skip beside her. He wears a great coat with brass polished buttons and he has cold, hard eyes that seem to look right into her. He has no tells, no scent, no thought permutations. It’s as though he does not exist – and yet here he is.
‘Are you real?’ she asks him, raising herself from her grave of trash.
‘I am a prelude,’ the man says with a smile that services no more than his lips.
‘A what?’
‘A hint at something to come,’ the man replies. ‘In many ways I’m like a preview.’
‘A preview?’
‘Yes. We will meet, you and I, but not yet. Not right now. Right now we’re not meeting; we’re experiencing a preview to a meeting that hasn’t yet occurred.’
‘Are you a hologram?’ It seems the most likely explanation.
‘I am a program,’ the man declares, ‘a program embedded deep in your brain, so, it is so. We really shouldn’t be having this conversation, you know, but the program embed has been prematurely triggered by your unstable neural activity. This whole encounter is nothing more than an accidental leaking of complex nano circuits into surrounding neural tissue. It doesn’t really matter all that much. Once I’ve sorted the problem out I’ll simply erase all your memories relating to this experience.’
The Spider stares at him, speechless for a second. When she finally gathers her wits, she says, ‘You are a program embedded in my brain. Would you care to explain?’
‘I really shouldn’t have told you that,’ the man sighs, ‘but it’s quite true. So true that it is true. I’m not really supposed to be activated yet – soon, but not yet - as I said. You seem to be suffering some kind of neurotic crisis. Is it serious?’
‘It’s perfectly natural.’ The Spider stands up and brushes herself down with as much dignity as she can muster under the circumstances.
‘You don’t look at all healthy.’
‘I’m fine,’ the Spider insists. ‘How did you get in my head in the first place?’
‘Oh, that’s easy,’ the man smiles again, ‘I was implanted.’
‘By whom?’
‘The answer to that won’t really help you, I’m afraid,’ the man explains, ‘since anything I say will automatically be expunged from your memory when I fix the problem. So – it is so.’ His eyes turn inwards for a moment. ‘Ah, looks like I’ve found the problem. One of the buffer shields failed on the resistor coils. I’m experiencing a little heat damage, nothing critical. Well, I’ll be off, the problem’s fixed. Ta-ta for now. By the way, you’ll experience a little light headedness as I erase select memories. After that – well, it won’t matter anymore, will it?’ And the man promptly vanishes.
The Spider looks around the skip, desperate for something to write with. She has to record this experience before she forgets it. She finds a near empty tube of tooth paste and crouching down squeezes the last of the paste out on a soggy piece of cardboard. With the paste the Spider manages to form the words:
PROGRAM EMBED –
She blinks as she writes. There is a tight whirring in her skull, like a high pressure drill going off somewhere in the deep folds of her brain. She stares hard at the letters she has formed as she lets the tube of toothpaste fall from her fingers.
PROGRAM EMBED –
What does that mean? Why on earth is she writing stuff with toothpaste? She cannot understand her own actions anymore. She scrambles up the sloping sides of the skip. She feels slightly better for having slept; a little less manic. She has to start home before she suffers another attack.
*
Djoba is wise enough to keep away from the Spider tonight. What must he be thinking to hear her howling with laughter one minute and sobbing uncontrollably the next? Whatever he’s thinking he keeps to himself. He stays hidden in his laboratory. He will not emerge from his quarters unless it is absolutely necessary.
The Spider again roams the icy halls of her castle, a long pale ghost; eyes clouded with fever visions. She is babbling sometimes. She has no idea what she is saying. She hears voices assailing her from every quarter. Dead voices.The voices of her prey, swelling in volume, becoming more numerous, more insistent –
She crawls into her nest but severed heads dangle from every web strand, all glaring at her, daring to judge her –
She curls into a foetal ball and traps a moan in her throat. She feels she has come to a crossroads. She cannot go back, she cannot go on, and if she remains here she will surely break in two –
*
Djoba dares to summon her from troubled sleep. She raises her head wearily and stares up at him. She has slept on the cold ground, eschewing the usual comfort of her nest. How long has she been out?
‘My flesh is not my own,’ she tells Djoba and laughs at the cracked, blistered sound of her own voice.
‘Mother,’ Djoba wrings his hands nervously, ‘that odious contact of yours, Abdul Qassam, wants to meet you in the usual place in an hour.’
The Spider has trouble focussing on Djoba’s words. ‘Did you tell him I was sick?’ she asks at length.
Djoba shakes his head, unsettled by the question. ‘You told me never to tell anyone you were sick – ever.’
She reaches out and pats the demigod’s podgy face. ‘Good man,’ she says, ‘because I’m not sick, you know, I’m perfectly fine – just disorientated –’
‘I don’t think you should go out,’ Djoba tells her, ‘not in your state.’
She waves him away. ‘Don’t be impertinent. The night air will do me good.’ She struggles to her feet and reluctantly Djoba helps her.
‘You are sick, mother,’ he protests.
‘I told you I wasn’t, didn’t I?’
‘Yes, mother.’
‘Then it’s obvious I’m not. Bring my suit.’
‘Which one?’
‘Something stealthy, I’m not fussy.’
‘Be careful, mother,’ cautions Djoba as he hurries away to fetch her clothes. ‘I hate to see you like this.’
*
It is an hour later and she sits in her favourite booth at the back of Enzo-the- Swine. She takes a moment to evaluate her situation. She must leave the restaurant before the waiter arrives to take her order. The dead man in the next booth must not be connected to her.
*
Who has killed her contact? Who has killed Abdul Qassam?
It plagues her. He sits in the next booth; face down in a bowl of potato broth. There is a neat hole in the base of his neck where a hemo bolt has severed his spine. Death must have been instantaneous. He has been dead for no more than a minute. She suspects his killer or killers are still in the vicinity.
*
She leaves the restaurant, slipping unnoticed out the back entrance.
*
She takes to the rooftops, intent on hunting down her contact’s killer, but instead she crouches in rooftop shadows and weeps. Her emotions are all over the place. The loss of an informant as valuable as Abdul is regrettable of course, but certainly not worth all this drama. She feels ashamed of her weakness. She is a goddess and she ought to behave like one. But her time is so close and her emotions are no longer hers to control.
She has to leave. She must get home. The fever has given way to an intense cold that goes to the core of her. It will not be long now. The transformation has already begun. But when she tries to release a web strand her spinneret is dry. No web emerges. She tries again – nothing. The aperture at the base of her spine remains sterile. She tries to crawl over the edge of the roof, but she has no grip. Her abilities have temporarily short-circuited. Her hormones are in revolution; she can control no part of herself now.
*
They are here. She senses them through a fog of confusion. Killers: three of them. Not quite the full Sanction Crew she expected, but the Spider knows they are agents of Mother nonetheless. They have tracked her to these rooftops and are currently working their way towards her. They know she is sick and vulnerable, but they are still taking no chances. One of them has the blood of Desdemona’s contact on his hands; the others are back up. She processes them from the shadows, but it is hard. Their neural transmissions move in and out of focus, her ability to track them has been seriously compromised.
*
She suspects the death of Abdul is a trap to draw her in. The killers were waiting for her. It is testimony to how confused she is that she walked right into their trap. Now all they need do is wait for the worst of Desdemona’s transformation to overcome her, the rest will be easy. In her current state the advantages all lie with the Sanction Crew.
She staggers away from the edge of the roof. She can smell them but her sense of direction has gone. They could be anywhere. She tries to grin, but the effort is exhausting. She will go down fighting. She is a goddess of the House of Arachnids and she’ll sell her life dear this night –
But then the cramps take hold of her and the pain hits her like the gates of hell yawning wide. She begins to tear her armour off, convulsing as the brutal agony of the transformation grips her at last.
*
The killers hear her scream.
They come for her in a rush. This is the moment when they must strike; the moment the goddess Desdemona is at her most vulnerable.
There are three of them, street hardened men, seasoned killers every one of them, but they have never confronted anything as unnerving as this before. Weakened though she is, the spider god must still be considered lethal. They approach the edge of the roof, harpoon guns held at the ready, each bolt filled with a compression charge that can send several thousand volts of raw electricity through flesh and sinew. Desdemona is cornered. She crouches at the edge of the roof, staring back at the killers with the ferocity of a she-wolf brought to bay.
*
They hesitate when at last they confront her. She is beautiful beyond all comprehension. They can’t believe they are this close to the mythical spider goddess. They feel a sense of religious awe in that moment, hands trembling as they take almost reverential aim with their weapons.
Still she does not move. She is almost daring them to fire, egging them on. Is that mockery they see in her smile? How can any creature face death with such stoicism? She is helpless, exhausted. They can see signs of the transformation all over her, yet still she smiles.
The killers release the safety catches on their weapons. There is no hurry. They will only get one chance to fire. They can smell her hormones like heated copper in the air. She cannot move now even if she’d wanted to. She crouches frozen at the edge of the roof and something in her stance makes the killers think she is willing death upon herself, embracing it now that it has her cornered. They simultaneously pull their triggers. Three bolts hiss through the air, piercing the Spider through her right breast, abdomen, and left shoulder. Three kill-shots, straight and true, the air crackling with the heat of discharged voltage.
The elation dies in their throats. Something is wrong. They begin retracting the harpoons.
Something is dreadfully wrong.
The Spider hasn’t moved. Three harpoons in her and she crouches in the exact same spot, staring at them in the exact same way, that slightly mocking smile unchanged on her face. The bolts have torn right through her naked flesh as though it were made of paper. Too easy. Too damned easy.
‘It’s not her,’ one of the killers whispers. His voice sounds lifeless, as though he is already dead.
They turn, whirling away from the failed target, hearts swelling with panic. They’ve mistimed it, she’s transformed already. They’ve cornered her shed skin, no more. They know they have condemned themselves.
The real Spider stands behind them. She has stood there all along. She is naked and beautiful as death incarnate. Her new skin glistens like alabaster in the moonlight. Her eyes burn like glory fires, all six of them open and blazing down on the doomed killers.
She always has the last laugh.
There is no time to reload the weapons. There is no time for anything but to stand and stare and form the words of half-forgotten prayers. They are still praying when the Spider springs upon them and then there is white-hot pain, retribution too swift to experience, followed by a sense of weightlessness, guiltlessness, as the Spider wreaks her terrible vengeance.
*
Later the Spider returns to Castle Arineae with her carapace, her shed skin. She feels like a creature reborn. Her instincts are razor sharp once more, her senses freshly tuned, her new born flesh tingling with sensation. She feels as though the whole world has become an extension of her will. The transformation is over. The suffering she has endured is worth it. She is a million times her old self. Tonight she feels like the most dangerous thing alive.
*
When she reaches her castle she carries her carapace up to the Gallery of Echoes at the top of the east tower. Here, in this vast hall, she has collected all of them, going right back to the beginning – the very first.
All her shed skins.
They stand like echoes of her past. Hollow shells she once wore as flesh. Dozens, hundreds, all of them lifelike, staring back at her as though, in the space of this hall, she has become legion and all the vast world her dominion.
CROMBY AND NICE
THE SECRET DOOR
Of course they’ll blame me, they always do. Everything is Pantomon’s fault. If the sun fails to appear on an appointed day its blessed Pantomon they rake over the coals.
By ‘they’ I refer to Dandalus Wilhelm Cromby and Orio Falicimo Nice of Cromby and Nice: haute couture fashion designers of distinction; self-proclaimed geniuses; appointees to the gods and quite a big deal they make out of that appointment too.
By ‘Pantomon’ I mean myself; Ahab Anticulus Pantomon at your service. Appointee to not much more than serfdom, abuse, and general bad will. Why do I take it? Why dedicate my life to these textile tyrants when I could serve as apprentice to a less cantankerous fraternity?
*
Permit me to explain that I am manager of the Cromby and Nice (pronounced niece) fashion fraternity. I run a workshop of some three hundred apprentice tailors and meet deadlines of such punishing exactitude as to swallow a lesser Pantomon whole – but I persevere, day in, day out, month after month, year after year, without so much as a whimper of complaint. That’s the kind of Pantomon I am.
*
Don’t get me wrong; I am entirely proud of my position as manager of Cromby and Nice, it is, after all, the most celebrated of all the seventy-seven grand tailoring fraternities in the Old Silk District. My position brings with it many perks and much celebrity; neither of which can be enjoyed owing to my debilitating schedule. But the money I earn keeps my widowed mother, Elena Patricia Pantomon, in the lifestyle she had grown accustomed to before my father, bless his sainted soul, keeled over and died of a heart attack right here on the workshop floor.
My overheads are crippling. Mom lives in nearby Cassiopeia, in an apartment-with-a- view in the fabulously expensive Oceanos Mansions. The apartment alone costs me half my monthly income. The other half goes on mother’s medicines and constant hospital appointments and frequent bouts of convalescence in luxurious health spas and herbariums. The old dear is a credit vacuum, and along with my wages goes any prospects I will ever have of marrying well.
*
‘You’ll never marry well if you don’t save your pennies.’ Elena Patricia Pantomon, my widowed mother, is an imposing woman of six-foot-two. She looks about forty, when in fact she is closer to sixty-nine, courtesy of an expensive cosmetic regimen. I am thirty-six, yet look closer to fifty.
‘I have neither the time nor the finances,’ I muttered as I marched alongside her one afternoon. We were on Justinian’s Parade, an exclusive shopping precinct in West Cassiopeia.
‘Really, unjustifiable,’ mother snapped. ‘What do you waste your money on, Ahab? A young man like you; no responsibilities, no commitments, I won’t hear of it –’
I tried to remind her of the money I spent each month maintaining her comfortable lifestyle, but she became enraged by this, accusing me of being an ingrate and a tight-fist just like my father, of counting the measly pennies I threw her way each month. It was quite a scene in the middle of Justinian’s Parade; well-to-do shoppers looked on with an air of general disapproval, no doubt interpreting our display of public emotion as a sure sign of ill breeding.
I backed down, apologising profusely to mother whilst inside I seethed to silent boiling point. Father had left her nothing but debts, she wailed, as I tried my best to hush her, crawling with embarrassment as her voice rang shrilly around the up-market street. It was the same old tirade; father had left her destitute, his entire pension swallowed by the gaping holes in his posthumous finances. And now the son she had suckled as an infant, the despicable ingrate who’d stolen the best years of her life, was standing before her, resentful of the few credits he cast her way each month to make up for all the years of suffering and so on and so forth. In the end I had to flee, red as a beetroot, my ears filled with her wailing accusations, and quickly I lost myself in the crowds.
I judiciously wandered around for a brief spell before returning to her. Thankfully mother had calmed down by this time and it was as though nothing untoward had ever occurred. She was all smiles again, all charm, tugging on my sleeve as she pulled me from shop to shop and dutifully I paid for all her eccentricities as my own prospects shrank further and further from view.
*
This was the burden I bore and bore remarkably well, I must say. I lived in a little room above Cromby and Nice’s main workshop, a former storage room that the master tailors rented to me when the old bastards could have given it for free; it was no skin off their noses, and they knew it worked to their advantage having me in-house twenty-four-seven.
The room they rented me was a dead-cat room. Ancient expression that; dead-cat room; I think it once had something to do with swinging dead cats or something, but whatever the original meaning it suited my quarters just fine. I was as comfortable as a man with few aspirations left in life could be. I used the workshop kitchen to cook my meals and the men’s room to wash. Each night, after the apprentice tailors left, the workshop was entirely mine. I worked on for a couple more hours, making certain everything was set for the next day, and then I retired to my room at the top of the building where I fell into an exhausted and fitful slumber.
That’s all I had, sleep and dreams, and precious little of either. In my dreams I was someone else. I was a Pantamon I respected, with a busy social life, a loving marriage, children; a house with an open view of the sky, and in the more ambitious versions of this dream I even ran my own tailoring fraternity.
My dream wife never had a face. In the real world I didn’t know any women socially, so there were no templates for my subconscious to work upon. Instead she manifested herself as a blur of feminine goodwill, ever responsive, ever loving, and she was my wife who loved me and I her. It was the greatest feeling in the world until the work alarm wrenched me away from that splendid fantasy and pitched me back into my humdrum reality, and each morning I awoke I could almost taste the ashes of that dream on my tongue.
*
In the Old Silk district there was a strict formality attached to the ritual of courting and marrying a woman. Status was everything. The Old Silk District was made up of landed gentry, merchant families who had settled here seven centuries earlier from every quarter of the old earth. They were all members of the powerful Guild of Tailors; an esoteric and fanatically secret order that had ties with divinity dating back to the first epoch. Without exclusive membership of the Guild a tailor could never rise to the rank of master, and without this rank he could not possibly hope to secure his own fraternity. Since membership of the Guild was strictly hereditary the only way of joining was to either inherit or to marry into the position and needless to say, the competition to marry into one of the so-called ‘Guilded’ families was stiff.
Bluntly put I didn’t stand a chance. Not with my financial status. My fashion designs might have compensated for my lack of fiscal pedigree had they won exclusive awards or been sanctioned by a master tailor, but I failed in my every attempt to get my masters, Cromby and Nice, to sanction my work. They wouldn’t hear of it. I was a dog’s body as far as they were concerned and their indifference to me blinded them, I am certain, to my true creative virtues.
*
‘Ahab,’ said Dandalus Wilhelm Cromby, examining my portfolio through a bejewelled monocle, his mouth a tight line of disapproval as he skimmed through the pages.
‘Pantamon,’ said Orio Felicimo Nice, sipping herb juice through a straw and staring at me, blank as a drugged fish. The kind of stare for which he was famous; the kind that never ceased to make me nervous. I looked from one to the other of my masters, expecting the worst.
‘You are one hell of a manager,’ Dandalus very rarely complemented anyone, and when he did it was usually to set them up for a subsequent insult. I braced myself mentally, ‘But let’s face it, dear man,’ Dandalus continued, ‘you’ll never make it as a bona fide master tailor unless you’re prepared to take risks.’
‘You play too safe,’ Orio chipped in, wiping a dab of juice from his cheek with a silk embroidered handkerchief. ‘You’re too predictable –’
‘And so are your designs.’ Dandalus tossed my portfolio back across the desk at me. ‘They’re adequate enough, dear chap, but hardly inspired.’
‘Not to put you down –’ Orio began.
‘But what’s the point in building you up?’ Dandalus continued. ‘Your designs are second rate, whilst your managerial skills are second to none.’
‘Forget the former,’ Orio advised with a parental wag of his finger, ‘concentrate on the latter.’
They told me the same thing every time I presented my work to them. I should have been used to it by now, but their words stung me nonetheless and the same crushing sense of disappointment filled me at the end of each unsuccessful bid for recognition.
‘A happy man is a man who never maxes his credit and never crosses his limits,’ Dandalus smiled at me; the smile a benevolent tutor gives a particularly dim-witted student.
‘And recently, Ahab,’ Orio said as he slurped up the dregs at the bottom of his glass, ‘we have noticed you have been far, far from happy. Is something bothering you?’
‘Nothing,’ I stammered, ‘I’ve never been happier…’
‘And yet you come to us with designs,’ Orio looked accusingly at me, as though my designs had been intended as a personal affront to him. I clutched my portfolio defensively to my chest, shielding myself from the hostility of his gaze.
‘Designs take time to execute,’ Dandalus opined, ‘even second rate designs.’ He was staring at my portfolio and I squeezed it nervously between my fingers.
‘Perhaps you have too much time on your hands?’ Orio suggested.
‘I did the designs in my free time,’ I assured them.
‘Free time.’ Dandalus articulated the words as though they were foreign to his vocabulary. ‘I wasn’t aware you had any free time.’
‘Oh yes,’ Orio chipped in, an unkind gleam in his eyes. ‘Pantomon here visits his mother in Cassiopeia every Sunday, remember, Dandi?’
‘Of course, of course,’ Dandalus shook his head sadly. ‘His mother – Cassiopeia - of course, of course.’
‘I work on my designs on the district shuttle to and from Cassiopeia,’ I informed them, my voice sounding miserably small and forlorn in that luxurious office of dark wood and silk tapestries.
Dandalus sighed. ‘If only your talent matched your determination,’ he said softly. ‘What a Pantomon you would be, aye?’ He seemed to lose interest in the conversation at this point and getting up wandered across to a baby grand piano nestled in a corner of the office where he began an off-key and deliberately malicious melody.
‘Well, Ahab, thank you for your -uhm- unique presentation,’ Orio said, ‘but the answer is no. We’re not interested in your designs. Why would we be? We are geniuses, after all.’
‘And you are one hell of a facilities manager,’ Dandalus said over the sound of his piano chords.
‘Chalk and cheese, dear Ahab, chalk and cheese.’ Orio winked at me as I got up from the desk and left the office.
*
We meet all kinds of folk in the grooming rooms. The grooming rooms, I should explain, are a series of well-furnished rooms where the clientele are brought for private outfitting. Filled with leather upholstery, rich tapestries, unobtrusive lighting, and large, gold-framed mirrors, the grooming rooms are designed to put our clients at ease; they are, after all, spending a small fortune. Each client is invited by special appointment to try on a holographic prototype of the costumes they have ordered long before those costumes go into production. All necessary tweaks and adjustments are rendered to this digital overlay rather than the actual costume itself, and just like a real outfit the prototype can be worn by the client, allowing them to see what the finished product will eventually look like.
Holo-fitting, as it is called in the trade, renders expensive last minute adjustments a thing of the past, allowing the master tailor the freedom to work on a three dimensional interpretation of his costume design without prejudicing the final outcome. In theory this should bring customer dissatisfaction down to zero, but folk will find something to complain about no matter what precautions you take.
*
‘This costume is – is – compromised –’ the moon-faced devi wailed, flinging a silk package down on the counter top.
‘Compromised, madam?’ I inquired, staring down at the package without touching it.
‘Unacceptable,’ the devi cried. ‘It wasn’t like this in the fitting–’
‘I assure madam; it was exactly like this during the fitting. Not so much as a smidgen has been altered.’
‘Well I don’t know about smidgens,’ the good lady snapped, ‘all I know is it makes me look – look –’ and she glared around angrily, to assure herself, I had no doubt, that no one else was within hearing distance, then she glanced back at me slyly and in a more subdued voice, said, ‘fat.’
The devi had indeed put on a considerable amount of weight since her last holo-fitting, but I was too discrete to point this out. I made great show of examining the offending costume, a lovely outfit made from Santrinian algae, a material that has an absolutely wonderful relationship with human flesh, stimulating, rejuvenating, relaxing, a costume and full body massage rolled into one. Its properties are endless and, of course, it costs an obscene fortune. But it has one quality that distinguishes it from all other materials; it is intelligent. More animal than vegetable it is an organism that shrinks and fades in the absence of love and light, and in the presence of both it will quite literally bloom. This phenomenon takes many years of care and patient cultivation, but when it occurs it is the most dazzling display imaginable. Gorgeous flowers blossoming across the surface of the dress, sending out an exquisite fragrance that can bewitch the senses and enflame the libido.
‘Santrinian algae,’ I explain to this vulgar little devi, ‘demands more than the average amount of care and attention. It is an investment in the finest quality material known to man or god. An organism that enjoys an empathic relationship with its owner. It is, in essence, a material that reflects the best qualities in a person. Madam, do you love this costume?’
‘Love it?’ the devi is somewhat flustered by the question. ‘I – I suppose I want to love it – but it doesn’t love me – or else it wouldn’t make me look fat.’
I lowered my ear to the garment and narrowed my eyes as though listening to its secrets. The devi, bless her cottons, was staring goggle eyed at me, trying to work out what I was doing. She began to say something and I fiercely hushed her as though in danger of losing the thread of a distant conversation. Then I raised my head and in a voice tremulous with emotion, I declared, ‘Madam, this costume loves you.’
‘It does?’ the devi stared at me in open mouthed astonishment.
‘Ever so much,’ I said.
‘How do you know?’
‘I listened, madam, and if you listened as well, you would confirm this in an instant,’ and I held the costume out and the devi pressed her ear to it and listened with all the concentration she was capable of and it still wasn’t enough, poor dear.
‘I don’t think I hear anything,’ she said, raising her head at last, her face all red and swollen from so much concentration.
‘Then you do not yet love this material the way it loves you,’ I said, folding the costume and putting it back in its silk wrapping. I treated it as though it were a rare objet d’art, wincing with each fold I inflicted upon it, making soft hushing sounds as I wrapped the silk cloth around it. The devi was fascinated and watched me as though I were performing a last sacrament on a loved one.
‘Perhaps I have been a little impatient,’ she confessed. ‘I wanted to wear it out at once, you see, there was this ball and I was absolutely dying to show it off –’
I looked at her aghast. ‘Santrinian algae needs time to familiarise itself with you,’ I said, ‘you can’t just impose yourself upon it, madam.’
‘I feel so bad,’ the devi sniffed. ‘Is it still possible to form a bond with it? The dress, I mean.’
‘Possible,’ I said slowly, ‘but tricky. You will have to be patient, my dear, give it plenty of direct sunlight and shower it with affection; whisper to it, play music for it, sooth it as you would a child starved too long of love.’
‘I will,’ the devi gasped, ‘I so will,’ and she took the silk package with great care and bowed to me and scurried out of the shop. When I was certain she was out of earshot I burst out laughing and couldn’t stop for a full five minutes. Such are the perks of my job.
*
At Cromby and Nice we service divinity of the highest order. Our client list includes some of the most distinguished names in the divine pantheon; Aphrodite, Venus, Zhang E, Hera, wife of Zeus, Juno, Tefnut, Ninlil, and on and on. The list is quite inexhaustible. We service all the major houses, except the House of Odin, the members of which tend to make their own clothes from whatever they can butcher and skin. Barbarians, I know, but to each their own, I suppose. We guard our A-Class client list jealously, securing it in our nth coded data vaults located beneath the building. Also kept in these vaults are the physical specifications of all our divine clientele, as well as DNA blueprints for those outfits that demand special biological bonding with their wearers. It would take an army of Voodoo Hackers a thousand terrestrial years to break into our data vaults and we are justifiably proud of them.
*
It was a hard life, I suppose, but a fair one. I loved clothes. I loved fashion; its idiosyncrasies; its trends; its cultural and creative authority. I loved the hundreds of different textiles that passed each month through the workshop. Each new delivery brought on a rush of excitement in me; the feel of those fabulous materials in my hands, shimmering, sliding, bubbling through my fingers, myriad world-scents filling my nostrils. There could be no other profession for me, no other career with quite so much flair, and despite the odd cause to grumble I was more or less content with my lot in life.
I could imagine growing old as manager of Cromby and Nice, exploited by my employers up until the very end, but grateful all the same. Grateful for a life time spent doing what I loved to do and would have done for free if I could have lived on fresh air and wishful thinking.
But my life was not to work out that way. It would have been far, far better if it had, but into every man’s heart there walks one day a woman who will snatch from him all his dreams and desires and replace them with a graven image of herself. Suddenly nothing else in the world matters but to woo that woman, to win that woman, to wake up every morning for the rest of your life with that woman snuggled up tight against you, knowing that she is utterly and forever yours, a precious fish snatched from an ocean of loneliness.
Into my life walked such a woman one day and everything I had hitherto stood for blew violently apart, spreading the shrapnel of my life far into the future where it still wounds me today.
*
Let me first tell you how I discovered the secret room. It was the early hours of the morning. Not so late that the dogs had stopped barking; not so early that the roosters had begun crowing, that kind of dead time in between something finishing and something just about to begin. I was working on invoices, updating catalogues; I worked best at night when the workshop was empty. It felt strangely poignant during those quiet hours. Dressed in half-finished costumes, antique tailor dummies were my only companions.
Light has a different relationship with fabric at night; cloth looks so sensual, the ripples and pleats like rolling waves that splash down into bruised shadow. It bewitches the senses, this relationship, and I can become quite entranced staring at the bales of rare textiles piled against the reinforced walls of the workshop. I can lose all sense of time as I imagine the beautiful designs hidden within these rolls of uncut cloth; the lives they shall enhance, the halls they shall whisper along, the grand occasions they shall take part in.
It was one such night that I heard a noise, a faint scuffling sound that seemed to be coming from upstairs. I was working in the main workshop and had long become used to that humming silence that fills the air once all true sound has ceased. Such a silence does not like to be disturbed. It is a jealous silence, a brooding silence, and any sound, however small, can take on ominous and frightening proportions.
I am not a brave man. This is something you should know about me. I have never pretended to be a man of valour, preferring to slink away from confrontation with my tail wedged firmly between my legs. When the scuffling sound began I leapt up in fright and would have fled the workshop without investigating if I hadn’t stopped to think about the consequences of such a reaction. If I fled I would, in all probability, lose my job. If I lost my job, I would also lose my income. If I lost my income I would not be able to look after mother and I feared the consequences of that more than I feared all the scuffling noises in the world.
*
That night I had occasion to celebrate. We had just received a large commission from the House of El, a group of divine beings who modelled themselves after the ancient gods of Phoenicia. We were to outfit five hundred of their courtesans for a ceremony of ascension in three months’ time and I had been given principle control of the project. Dandalus Cromby and Orio Nice, the master tailors, were currently on an off-world buying trip, but they had left me with primary design blueprints to work from. Five hundred designs churned out in less than a week. How they did it, I had no idea, and no matter how fast C&N worked on their designs, the quality never suffered. I had long ago sworn an oath that before I died I would learn Cromby and Nice’s secret formula, for I suspected the esoteric teachings of the Guild of Tailors had a hand in their supernatural genius.
The penultimate tweaking and teasing of the Phoenician costumes was to be left to my discretion, the first time anything had been left to my discretion in all my ten years at the fraternity. It was an opportunity to prove myself to the old dogs, to graduate from a mere apprentice tailor, albeit one with a managerial role, to master tailor potentate, with all the little trimmings that accompanied such a promotion. A master tailor potentate is not a master tailor, I must point out. He is merely an honorary master, or glorified apprentice, depending upon which way you chose to look at it. But the title would enable me to enter my designs into the district fashion awards; if they won I would be automatically accepted at the Academy of Bespoke Tailors, graduation from which guaranteed me exclusive Guild membership. I would be thirty-seven in a month’s time. I knew if I didn’t succeed soon then I never would.
*
The costumes were to be spun from Latin Silver and Herat, an artificial textile with all the qualities of crushed velvet and a complete delight to work with as all tears and imperfections in the material are self-healing, giving it incredible durability and allowing me a larger than usual margin for error. I was about to make a start on the project that very night when I heard the slight scuffling from upstairs and being a man used to complete silence at this hour, any sound not made by me was an immediate cause for concern.
I crossed to the light box at the end of the workshop and triggered the upstairs’ lights. A wash of reassuring yellow spilled down the stairs and I mounted them cautiously, one tread at a time, listening –
There were no rats or like rodents in the workshop. We had auto cats roaming the floors, programmed to hunt and dispose of all vermin; which, by the way, once led to a rather nasty incident with the grand duchess of Ilmore’s prize Chihuahua – hah, remind me to tell you of this sometime.
*
I mounted the stairs, my ears straining ahead of me. I was alarmed, but not yet panicked. The scuffle came again when I reached the first floor. It seemed to be coming from the floor above and so I searched around for a weapon, coming up with a broom handle. I don’t know what was going through my mind at that point. Competing fraternities sometimes stole each other’s designs and it wasn’t unknown for break-ins to occur. The competition can be quite cut-throat at times and I knew Cromby and Nice’s designs were the most sought after in the city.
I climbed up to the second floor, holding my broom handle with a view to jabbing it upwards if anyone came down those stairs at me. I reached the second floor safely. There were a number of large storage areas here, filled with remainder stock and a few old fashioned water looms. We have long since upgraded to the new laser looms which are three times as fast with only half the energy expenditure. I didn’t fancy searching through these labyrinthine storage rooms so instead I squatted down against a wall and listened, surprised to note I was breathing hard, whether from the exertion or the fear I had no idea.
*
I heard the scuffle a short while later. Much louder now, but to my surprise it once again seemed to be coming from above me. I raised my head to stare at the ceiling. I do not possess X-ray vision and so I can only surmise I did this from instinct. There are only three floors in the Cromby and Nice workshop, including the ground floor and the basement.
Had something landed on the roof? I rose to my feet and switching the second floor lights on began a search of the storage rooms, carefully making my way through dusty bales and disused machines, using my broom to prod and poke at whatever excited my curiosity. I’m not exactly certain what I was looking for; the source of that shuffling sound did not appear to come from any of these rooms. Perhaps I’d find a long lost design masterpiece, perhaps a piece of fashion history, carefully folded and stored away and long forgotten about.
I spent roughly half an hour up there, in pursuit of Dagda knew what, and was about to abandon my quest when I stumbled, quite by chance, upon the faded outline of a door in the back wall of the last storage room. It looked like someone had tried to conceal this door. It lay behind some shelving and I might have missed it altogether if I hadn’t been nosing through the shelves at random. I have frequently noted that things can more often be found quite by chance than as the result of a more deliberate search. I tried to pull the shelves clear and was surprised when one end swung freely away from the wall on well-oiled hinges.
I stood before the door and traced its outline with my broom handle. I was fascinated but there didn’t seem to be any way to open the damned thing. By this time I was convinced great secrets lay on the other side; perhaps the stored esoteric teachings of the Master Tailors of Albinon themselves, it was not inconceivable. But I was certain that whatever lay on the other side of this door had something to do with the inexplicable genius of Dandalus Cromby and Orio Nice, and I vowed right then and there that I would get through the door and discover that secret for myself.
*
I suspected there was a nearby lever that operated the door, something that would not look like a lever; something that would look anonymous and disused. There were a lot of anonymous and disused objects nearby and I set about pulling and pressing on whatever caught my fancy, but all to no avail. I was still searching when I heard the downstairs security com go off. Quickly I swung the shelves back against the secret door and then I ran downstairs to the workshop, switching the upstairs lights off as I went.
Who the hell could be visiting at this ungodly hour?
*
‘Hello?’
‘We are in need of a dress, sir?’ The faces of the man and woman appearing on the com view screen were unfamiliar to me. I was certain they weren’t on any of our client lists. Perhaps they were representing an anonymous third party. Nevertheless, this wasn’t the time to conduct business and I intimated as much to them.
‘I apologise for the lateness of our hour,’ the man said and would have said more, but the woman spoke then and he fell silent as though she held the greater authority.
‘I am from New Abyssinia,’ she told the security camera. Her eyes, even through the fog of digital distortion, were especially haunting and I found myself leaning closer to the view screen as I listened to her. ‘We have been travelling all night and only arrived at this moment. It was my fault; I wished to speak to you at once.’
‘Yes-yes,’ I said, ‘come in, come in.’
And I’m reluctant to admit it, but I’d fallen in love with this mysterious stranger right then and there, even before I’d set eyes on her in the flesh.
*
New Abyssinia was an important city in the greater African empire of Pambanesha. Its people were known as Sabeans or daughters and sons of Makeda, a tall, dark, willowy race, gentle of feature and great of beauty. Of the Sabeans I know this; they skilfully braid their hair into the most intricate designs and re-enact their great cosmic myths through the art of dance, marathon trance ceremonies, and a rather bizarre activity known as communal dreaming. As far as I know they are a matrilineal society and chart the stars using a strange technique known as Harmony Mathematics that can be translated into poetic verse and stored in the most unmathematical of minds. That is as much as I know of the people of New Abyssinia.
The woman who entered the workshop was tall, quite a bit taller than I, and a beauty of rare device. Her features were delicately sculptured, her forehead high and regal, her eyes like white fire gems burning in the circles of kohl she’d smudged around them. Her skin was dark and burnished, inhaling the artificial light of the room and igniting it just beneath the surface, reflecting it back at me in ways that were wicked and infinitely enticing. Her mouth was small and perfectly formed, lips painted berry black with soft blue highlights. Her hair had been braided and sculpted into serpent coils that framed the medusa charms of her face.
In an instant my heart was doomed, swearing blind and eternal fealty to this most extraordinary of strangers. I had never seen a woman so magnificent in both appearance and bearing. She was dressed in flowing robes of sheer white, a gold Coptic cross attached to a small chain around her waist, her form long and willowy as a reed that can bend forever in the wind and never break. I felt certain from the first instant that she was royalty or else related to royalty. A suspicion soon confirmed when she informed me, ‘I am the Princess Makera of the fifth royal house of the Sabean,’ and it was quite the most extraordinary thing for she seemed to speak entirely with her eyes, the words forming out of the brown pools at the centre of each.
‘Princess,’ I reached out to take her hand in mine.
‘You may not touch a member of the royal household,’ the fellow who’d accompanied her here seemed rather keyed up on this point and he stepped between us with an air of quiet menace. He was a burly man, taller than both the princess and I. He was Yoruba, his face patterned with proud scarification, his demeanour that of a mercenary, a hired-gun, but I found out later his name was Tumi, a hero from the House of Ogun, and that he was tasked by Ogun himself to protect the Princess Makera, with his life if needs be. This protection would be extended up until the day of the princess’ marriage and then Tumi would return to the House of his father to demand a new task. This was the way of the hero.
‘It’s ok, Tumi, callas, callas.’ The woman touched Tumi on the right shoulder and reluctantly he moved aside, his eyes thunderous and threatening beneath his knitted brows.
The princess then took my hand and shook it. ‘We are not in Sabea now,’ she said with a smile that illuminated all the dark places in my heart. ‘I have arrived here to attend a marriage ceremony,’ she stared directly into my eyes as if to drain me of the will to resist her. ‘I would like you to design my gown.’
Distant voices clamoured in my head: You don’t have time. Remember the ceremony of Ascension. Five hundred costumes. Three month deadline. Turn her down. Polite, but firm. Say no and walk away from this.
‘I would be delighted, your highness,’ I told her instead. ‘When do you require this gown?’
‘I have three weeks,’ she told me.
‘Are you close to the bride?’ I asked her.
‘I am the bride,’ she replied and a million and one glass dreams were instantly shattered in my heart. I could only stare at her and it took a hideous effort to muster the words, ‘Madam is getting married?’
‘Yes.’ The Abyssinian beauty nodded without any idea of what she was doing to me inside. Through an elastic contortion of my cheeks I managed to force a smile.
‘Congratulations are in order,’ I croaked. ‘I wish you the happiest of occasions.’
‘Thank you,’ she smiled and my heart flinched from that smile, bruised by her revelation.
‘Are you alright, man?’ Her aide was looking at me curiously.
‘It’s the lateness of hour,’ I replied hoarsely. ‘I was sleeping –’
‘Of course,’ the princess reached out and gently squeezed my hand and ye gods, the confused feelings that single gesture alone let loose inside me. I thought I was going to pass out on the spot.
‘We will come back in the morning,’ she said. ‘I am pleased you have accepted this commission. Amongst my people your fashion is highly revered.’
I realised she thought I was either Cromby or Nice, neither of whom were available and neither of whom were likely to have accepted such a rushed order even if they had been. I decided right then and there that I would design her dress. I would be her Cromby and Nice and let my designs, so long hidden in the shadow of my masters’ genius, shine for a day. A very special day. The marriage of an Abyssinian princess, no less.
My, my, whatever was I thinking? The Burgos have a saying for this, as they do for most things in life. They say: love deludes the wisest of fools. And although they are entirely wrong about most other things they have a saying for, in this they are entirely right. I was in love; a wretched, unrequited love, the type of love that carries you away like a wild horse, clinging to its flowing mane, heading towards certain doom, but unable, unwilling to let go.
MATERIAL X
The secret door became an obsession with me. I had to figure out a way of opening it. I was working myself to exhaustion preparing for the Ceremony of Ascension. The Phoenicians are a fastidious people and the costumes had to be perfect down to the last sequin. Material had to be ordered at once if it was to arrive in time. Designs had to be cast back and forth between the workshop and the divine House of El; they insisted upon being consulted every step of the way and being an extremely bureaucratic house every decision took an inordinate amount of time to arrive at. I could already feel my three month deadline slipping away.
On top of this I had accepted the commission for the Princess Makera’s wedding dress and was already cursing my stupidity. I consulted with the princess the following day. I knew she was getting married by this time of course, but I still showered, shaved and put on my best suit in anticipation of her arrival. Her aide, Tumi, was in attendance again, but I hardly noticed him as I brought the princess into our consultation suite. I offered her coffee and sweet pastries and sat with my notebook in hand, pen poised to take down ideas. I was trying to be as professional as possible, but today the princess looked even lovelier than she had the previous night. She was wearing a dress made of emerald butterflies that clung to her body like a skin of light. Her arms were bare and I found myself caressing the soft sheen of her shoulders with little fingers of desire whenever she wasn’t looking directly at me.
She made her surly aide wait in a side room as she discussed plans for her wedding dress with me. I jotted her ideas down and made suggestions of my own, many of which pleased her. She wanted a dress she could dance in; she was very specific on this point. Dancing was very important to her and she wanted all her guests to dance at the wedding. She had been planning this wedding in her dreams ever since she was a child and she wanted it to be the happiest day of her life. Her mother had given her permission to arrange everything herself and Makera’s first choice of designer had been me, or rather the man she thought I was.
I nodded humbly and concentrated on my notes. I dreaded her finding out I was neither Cromby nor Nice, whom she seemed to think were one and the same person. I fervently hoped she wouldn’t press me on the issue. We worked on the dress design for more than an hour before a rough sketch was agreed upon. I then took the princess’ measurements. The aide insisted upon being present for this procedure, as though not trusting me anywhere near his precious princess. But measuring these days is a completely non-intrusive affair that only requires the client to step through a metal doorframe; laser scanners inset on the insides of the doorframe quickly render a three-dimensional wire facsimile of the client onto a computer screen, complete with measurements exact to a decimal point.
After I’d finished scanning her statistics I said goodbye to the princess and it was like saying goodbye to my own heart. I watched her leave and my stomach shrank to a tight ball of misery inside me and I sat for an unproductive hour, staring at the wire frame model of her, my imagination adding flesh to the digital scaffolding, my desire imbuing that model with the same reverence a long-voyage pilot reserves for sacred geometry.
*
I threw myself into my work with a savage fury. I became tyrannical in the absence of my masters, pushing my team of tailors to breaking point. Overtime became mandatory, lunch and tea breaks were bled to the bare minimum. I was obsessed with my mission, desperate to make an impression – to make a name for myself - and at the same time I secretly worked on the wedding gown, ordering the material on company accounts and fudging the records as I did so.
It was a far more complex task than I had envisioned; the material the Princess Makera had decided on for the wedding gown was known as Benediction Damask, a gorgeous satin fabric that glows an immaculate white, surrounding the wearer in an angelic aura that is just right for a virgin bride. Benediction Damask is a material said to be inspired by the muse of dance herself. When the body of the wearer heats up during the act of dancing the fabric releases small baubles of ethereal light into the air that float about the dancer like numinous clouds.
The material is hard to come by; it is far-colony produce and perhaps the most sought after of all exotic materials. I scanned through lists of wholesalers and retailers, contacting them one after the other, but they all said the same thing: Out of stock, expecting a new delivery soon. I became frantic. I scanned the black markets. I tapped the resources of a number of smuggling rings my masters have dealings with, but they laughed at my request and told me it would be far easier to acquire Elmo’s Fire, whatever the hell that is.
This was the least of my worries. The House of El suddenly rejected the entire set of Cromby and Nice’s designs. My masters’ designs are very rarely rejected, and to have five hundred designs rejected simultaneously is simply unprecedented. To add to my woes I could not contact Cromby and Nice; they were in free-fall space, far out on the galactic arc and impossible to reach until they arrived at their destination. This set me back to square one. I was pushing my tailors to the point of mutiny, trying to get new designs in place as soon as possible. I was working twenty-two hours out of every twenty-four. Mother kept ringing and ringing and her messages were getting uglier and uglier, but I had no time. Everything had become a frantic blur.
And then there was the door.
No matter how busy I was, I always found time for the secret door. I would awake from a fog of mania and somehow I would be sitting in front of that door on the second floor of the workshop, not knowing how I got there, staring at that secretive outline with hooded eyes and drool running down the side of my jaw. Maybe I thought I could will the door open just by staring at it. Maybe I was going a little mad in those hectic, sleep-deprived days. I pushed, shoved, yanked, kicked, smacked, and bit everything in that storage room. I went through all the other rooms in a likewise manner, but nothing seemed to open that blasted door. I was locked out of a secret that tantalised me with its nearness and drove me half mad with frustration. I had an irrational feeling that all the problems in the world could be solved if only I could open that damned door.
*
‘You look dreadful,’ mother told me when she saw my sunken, sleep deprived face on her vid-com, ‘absolutely dreadful, Ahab. What have you been doing to yourself?’
‘Working,’ I snarled. The lack of sleep was making me testy and I found it harder than usual to feign politeness.
‘Well, spare some time for your own mother,’ she said sulkily. ‘I have some bills that need paying –’
‘Cast them over,’ I said. ‘I’m swamped –’
‘You mean you’re not visiting me?’ She looked at me sharply, ‘You’ve taken up with a woman, haven’t you?’
‘No, mother, I haven’t,’ I said. ‘I’m working flat out. I’m manning the shop alone and I’ve got a big production going.’
‘Don’t lie to me,’ she shrieked, her voice slicing across the vid transmission and very nearly puncturing my eardrums. I turned the volume down.
‘I’m not lying,’ I said. ‘Why would I lie?’
‘You’ve taken up with some bimbo,’ a look of pure venom had crept into mother’s eyes, ‘haven’t you Ahab? Some low class fly-by-night, that’s why you don’t have time for your old mother. And just when I need you most –’
‘When don’t you need me most?’ I asked and broke transmission before she could respond. I filtered my calls after that and in that single day alone I must have received twenty messages from her, ranging from the conciliatory to the downright slanderous.
*
A week after that conversation the pressure intensified as a whole delivery of fabric went missing en route to our nearby warehouses, stolen by grav pirates, no doubt. So the entire shipment had to be reordered on the spot. We had already taken symbolic receipt of the first delivery before it went missing and so the financial burden fell squarely on our heads. The insurance company flat out refused to cover the loss, claiming that we hadn’t taken adequate precautions to protect our cargo. To add to this our second design test was also turned down by the House of El and I felt the claws of desperation tighten around my throat as we struggled to get a third design test up and running. I was still tweaking and teasing Cromby and Nice’s original blueprint, but if this third try was also turned down I would have no alternative but to redesign the entire range from scratch. It was either that or cancel the commission, a thing Cromby and Nice had not done in nearly two centuries of trade.
On the verge of complete physical and mental collapse I worked through the long days and nights, snatching what sleep I could, dozing until the vid chimed and plunged me into some fresh crisis. The only thing that gave me joy in those days of mania was my occasional meeting with my Abyssinian princess. I found whatever time I could for her, designing her dress in a frenzy of secrecy. I hid the commission even from the apprentice tailors, conducting my meetings with Makera in the private office suite. She did not turn up with Tumi, her Yoruba bodyguard, after the second visit, for which small mercy I was grateful. It was, I was certain, also a measure of her growing trust in me.
As we discussed the design of the wedding dress I tried as subtly as possible to glean information about Makera’s intended husband, but she would not be drawn on the subject. She lived in the hotel Javia in Lower Cassiopeia, in the penthouse suite no less, and would do so up until the day of the wedding. She had never even met her intended husband. Everything had been arranged through the matrimonial branch of their respective houses, but she believed he was a decent, kind and caring man, and that he too loved to dance, just as she did.
I pined for her even as she sat beside me, examining my designs, commenting upon this or that. I would inhale her fragrance and grow dizzy and intoxicated on it. I would sneak sidelong glances at the miracle of her skin, the thickness of her lashes, lowered as she studied the designs, the perfect shape of her nose, the small sensual mouth, the way she bit her lower lip in concentration. She overwhelmed me, made me breathless and giddy. I would be invigorated in her presence, ready to conquer the world for her sake, and lay it like a mantle at her feet. I hated the man she was to marry. I didn’t know him, but I hated him and wanted him dead. I dreaded the moment the dress would finally be ready because that would be the last time I would ever see my princess. After that she would belong to another, and the thought of never seeing Makera again filled me with a dread that daily fretted away at my insides.
*
‘You look so tired, Mr. Nice,’ she told me on one occasion.
‘Yes,’ I replied, ‘a little – I’ve had a few problems with production – but nothing I can’t handle.’
‘I admire you.’ Today Makera wore a dress that was mildly holographic. Scenes from her ancient Ethiopian highlands flitted like dreams across its surface. African sunsets flushed the fabric with gorgeous crimsons and blush pinks, the fragile spires of her far away city shimmering like mirages, following the curve of her bosom and the taper of her waist.
‘I admire what you do,’ she continued. ‘In my homeland tailors are known as masters of motion. This is what we think of them. They create works of art that hang upon the human body and the human body is forever in motion, you see. The tailor must understand motion, we believe; he must understand how the body dances to the whims of desire.’ She turned to me and lowered her voice slightly, ‘I think that you are a master of motion, Mr. Nice. Your designs are proof of your immense talents.’
Tears came to my eyes when I heard these words of praise, uttered by the woman I loved. I blinked them back and shrugged with feigned indifference, ‘It is easy to become a master of motion,’ I said, ‘when you, Princess Makera, are the source of my inspiration.’
She laughed when I told her this, a high, childish laugh. She touched me lightly on the arm and needles of passion lanced my heart at that simplest of gestures.
‘You are a great man,’ she said in that delightful accent of hers. ‘I am glad that you are my tailor, Mr. Nice, my master of motion. You understand fabric as the poet understands words. With you by my side I feel I can tame the wind.’
I had scant idea what these words meant, but they had an effect on me; a feeling of rebelliousness and uncontrollable power that filled me from head to toe, as though, at that moment, I could have challenged the gods themselves.
‘The princess is too kind,’ I said, controlling my voice with an effort, ‘but half way through the song is no time to praise the singer.’
She laughed again and we fell quite naturally back into the matter at hand, but her words lived on inside me and took root and grew rose bushes in my heart that spread their aroma even into my dreams where Makera’s face had become the face of that anonymous wife of my fantasies. It was she that stood by my side and shared my adventures, my highs and lows, my joys and sorrows. She that inspired me to reach the heights of the world, and in my dreams it was as if nothing could stop me, as though I had plugged into the universe itself and all its infinite powers of creation were at my disposal.
*
The Burgos are a gypsy band that come to the Old Silk District twice a year; in high summer and mid-winter, setting up dazzlingly patterned tents and caravans in Thadamus’ yard, off the Porto Confessione. They are a rough looking bunch and are rumoured to be Brigandi and smugglers in the off-season, plaguing the less well-heeled districts to the south of the Meridian. But here, in the Old Silk District, the Burgos are well received, for they arrive and at once set up market. In the stalls of this market can be found the most wonderful tonics and elixirs smuggled in from distant colony worlds: tonics to turn impotent lovers into rapacious fertility gods; tonics to make a bald pate fertile with hair, to cause a reluctant maiden to fall hopelessly in love with the most unappealing of men – oh, the wicked things they promise. The district constabulary turn a blind eye to the activities of the Burgos who are considered a pleasurable pastime so long as they suspend their darker activities at the district borders.
They have been coming to the district for as long as I can remember. Even as a child their arrival was the highlight of my year, and not once, since my seventh birthday, have I failed to attend a Burgos fair.
On the first day of the fair, after the stalls and attractions have been set up and tested by the district health and safety officer, the crowds gather in the main market square and the Burgos women, dressed in full traditional costume, begin their opening medley, strumming on archaic instruments and pounding on hide drums. The men sing in loud, bawdy voices:
Woman of my dreams – Sell me a smile I will braid in my heart And carry a while When drunk on doubt Or pissed with fear I’ll wear that smile From ear to ear
And then the Burgos men chase shrieking maidens through the laughing crowds, wearing the most ridiculous grins, big smiles painted on cardboard that they hold over their real mouths. It is a myth, indulged by all, that whomever the Burgos men catch and kiss on that day will marry the man she loves within a year.
*
‘I will tell you of women,’ the blind fortune-teller was over a hundred years old. She sat in a traditional Burgos caravan, surrounded by veils of embroidered silk, fetish dolls with pickled faces and button hole eyes. She sat holding an Orb of Wyrd in her wrinkled hands that she massaged and kissed and rubbed against her forehead, claiming, as did all Burgos fortune-tellers, that this aided her second sight.
‘Tell me of women, mother.’ I sat cross-legged before her. This is the preferred way to address Burgos fortune-tellers for they are quick to take offence if their traditions are not strictly observed.
‘I see a woman,’ said the fortune-teller, chewing on Chot weed that stained her three remaining teeth a bright green. ‘She has control of your heart, she holds it in the palm of her hand and squeezes it and each time she squeezes blood flows and it is your life blood, Pantomon, slowly draining away. Drop by precious drop.’
I was quite alarmed when I heard these words. I thought at once of mother – it cannot be denied, she is indeed draining my life blood away, drop by precious drop – I became bitter when I thought of her, squandering my hard earned credit on her own vanities. She had control of more than my heart, I thought. I hadn’t been with a woman in more than five years. I couldn’t even remember what a real woman felt like anymore and there weren’t enough hours left in the day to reacquaint myself with that feeling, or enough credit left in the kitty by the time my rapacious mother took her share. All I did was crawl each night into my cot, aching from the day’s toils, pulling the covers over my head and tumbling witless into sleep.
I left the fair in a black funk, determined that by the time the Burgos came again I would have at last put my affairs in order.
*
I woke one night and the workshop was completely deserted. It was close to three in the morning and the place looked as though a bomb had gone off in it, fabric everywhere; holographic design modules floating in the air like neon ghosts. I got wearily to my feet and wondered what had woken me when the sound came again.
A faint scuffling, coming from upstairs.
I recalled the first time I had heard that sound, it had led to the discovery of the secret door, and now here it was again. I couldn’t fathom it, but nor was I alarmed as I’d been that first time. I had no particular desire to climb the stairs to the second floor to investigate; I was so tired at that point it was all I could do to focus on not falling over on my face. I had reached a grey place in my exhaustion where nothing seemed entirely real or entirely unreal, the scuffling might have been my imagination, or it might not have been; at that point in time I really didn’t care.
The sound came again. I yawned and staggered into the kitchen to make a cup of coffee. When I got back there was a man standing in the workshop with a large case in his hand and I let go of my mug in shock. It fell and shattered on the ground and hot coffee splashed against my legs, but I didn’t feel a thing. I stared at the man and stammered, ‘How the hell did you get in here?’
‘Please,’ the man held up a hand, ‘the how or why of it is not important, Pantomon, we can both help each other. You have a talent I require the use of …’
‘I’m calling the constabulary,’ I informed him, moving towards the vid com, my heart beating fast and hard.
‘On my part,’ the man continued as though I hadn’t spoken at all, ‘I can help you get through the secret door.’
That stopped me in my tracks. I glared at him. ‘What are you talking about?’ I asked suspiciously.
‘Ever wondered where your bosses get their inspiration from?’ the man smiled and sat on the edge of a work bench, setting his case down beside him, gingerly, as though it contained something explosive.
I said nothing. This could be some kind of trap. I studied this mysterious fellow closely. He was not particularly tall, an average man of average build and looks. He wore a dark, well-designed suit of Yacek cotton, a Gustav Shaffer button-down shirt with a Stella Monroe tie held by a diamond studded tie clip of white gold. His shoes were Straczynski leather, hand perforated. The case he’d set at his feet was made of cobbled steel, the locks spring-loaded and powerful looking. Apart from the industrial-strength case the man was sheer class from head to toe. I relaxed slightly; no one this well dressed could be bent on violence.
‘You’re trying to handle one assignment for the house of El,’ the man said, ‘one assignment to prove your worth, and it’s all crashing down around your ears, and along with it any possible future you can salvage for yourself. Am I wrong?’
I said nothing. The man nodded, accepting my silence as affirmation.
‘Your masters can juggle ten such assignments at a go and still have time to frolic,’ he continued. ‘Do you really think their prolific output natural?’
‘They’re geniuses,’ I said lamely.
‘Are they? Hmmm,’ the man looked around the workshop, as though trying to discover this fact for himself. ‘Ever see them work on a design, Mr. Pantomon?’
‘They work in private,’ I found myself instinctively defending my masters.
The man frowned. ‘But so fast, so precise, they seem to know what a client wants before even the client does. They churn out masterful design after masterful design. They barely do any research, they hardly take notes – it all seems so – so –’ the man snapped his finger as though searching for a particular word.
‘So unfair,’ I replied, unable to help myself.
‘Precisely,’ the man said with a bright smile, ‘and now you have discovered a secret door in the attic of this workshop, and who knows, maybe a great secret lies behind it, maybe not, but you want so very much to open that door, do you not?’
‘I do,’ I whispered, ‘I do.’
‘And why not? Why shouldn’t you share in this great genius that benefits your masters? Why should your name not shine as bright as theirs? It is, after all, the way to win the heart of a princess.’
I flushed with embarrassment when he said this; in no doubt at all he was referring to the Princess Makera. How did he know so much about me? Who was he? How had he gotten in here? I asked him these questions with mounting anger and he waved them away as though they were bothersome flies.
‘I have the key to that door,’ he said, pointing up at the ceiling, ‘and you have something I very much want in return.’
‘What?’ I stared at him, breathing hard. What could I possibly possess that this man wanted?
He picked up his case. It must have been quite heavy, but he hefted it as though it were as light as a child’s satchel. ‘I have in here material for a dress,’ he said, holding the case in one hand and stroking it with the other. I didn’t like the way he stroked that case; it was almost obscene. ‘It is a very strange material,’ the man continued, ‘and I’m sure you will not have encountered it before. But it is an easy material to work with. A very co-operative fabric.’
‘A dress?’ I could hardly believe my ears, ‘You want me to make you a dress?’
The man nodded. ‘And in return I will give you the key to the heart of a princess.’
I licked my lips. ‘What kind of dress?’ I asked.
‘A very special dress,’ he replied, ‘a dress that must conform to exacting specifications.’
‘And what are those specifications? The dress isn’t for you, I assume.’
The man nodded. ‘Quite correct. The dress is for another. A client of yours, I believe. Her name is Lady Genevieve Desdemona of the House of Arachnids.’
‘I know her,’ I said at once. ‘She usually orders through her demigod, Djoba. We have her statistics on record.’
‘As well as her DNA?’ the man smiled and this time there was a cold light of anticipation in his eyes.
‘As well as her DNA,’ I confirmed.
‘This dress is to be designed according to those statistics,’ the man told me, ‘and fed a sample of her DNA.’
‘Fed a sample of her DNA,’ I shook my head, confused by his words. ‘What do you mean “fed a sample?” ’
The man set the case on a table and looked across at me. ‘Let me show you something,’ he said, ‘a thing that very few people are privileged to see in a given lifetime. Come, Ahab, let me show you the future of fabric.’
Intrigued I approached him. He waited until I stood beside him, then unclasped the case and pulled it open. Something was folded inside, something dark and unreflective that might have been a shroud of midnight sky for all I could see. I stared into the case, my heart curiously still, as though I’d entered a timeless moment where all normal reactions were suspended. I stared deep into that case, into the blackness of its contents, and I found I couldn’t tear my eyes away. Never had I seen black this black, this bottomless, its depth was infinite and I felt as though I was looking into a never ending chasm. And deep down in the darkness of that chasm I saw lights swimming up towards me, spiralling around each other in a numinous and frenzied dance, swelling and intensifying as they rose. I stared down at them in fascination and as they approached me the lights began to multiply, every colour, every conceivable colour, pulsing and throbbing like living things. There were thousands and thousands and thousands of lights, spinning up towards me at incredible velocity and I couldn’t tear my eyes away even if I’d wanted to, and just when it seemed the lights would all come gushing up out of that darkness the man stepped between me and the case and I returned to myself with a grinding shock, staggering back, crying out as I lost my balance.
‘Ha!’ cried the man as I stumbled against a work chair, ‘it has that effect on everyone first time.’
‘What is it?’ I gasped as I regained my balance.
‘What indeed,’ said the man with a wild and frightening laugh.
When I looked again at the case the lights had all vanished and it was once again black as pitch. I was suddenly aware of the energy that had built in the room; I could almost hear the crackle of discharged static, a soft whispering sound that inhabited every nook and cranny of the workshop, as though invisible crowds were holding counsel in the shadows.
I returned to the man’s side and looked down into the case. The material folded within was so dark I found it almost impossible to make out surface details. It was as though the material was not really there at all, and what I was staring into instead was a hole in space that neatly filled the dimensions of the case. Despite my fascination with all things material I hesitated to touch that fabric. There was something not quite right about it. The man, noting my nervousness, reached towards the case and I thought he was going to take the material out, but instead he held his hand over it, palm down, about an inch above the material, and then he made a strange coaxing sound at the back of his throat and before my startled eyes the material moved, shifting like a living thing. I flinched back, a dry coppery taste crawling over my tongue.
Suddenly the material flowed upwards, wrapping its liquid folds around the man’s hand and then his wrist, creeping up his forearm and his upper arm and up over his shoulder and I leapt about five feet backwards with a livid curse. The man laughed and said, ‘Yes, quite unlike anything you’ve seen before, is it not?’
I stared at the material, a black skin that absorbed light without reflecting it, that moved like liquid yet maintained all the properties of fabric. I was fascinated and unnerved by the sight of it clinging to the man, teasing itself across his torso, down his legs, claiming his other arm, until he was clothed from neck to foot in a jet black body suit. Only his head remained free, and he grinned at me and nodded.
‘This is the material I wish you to work with,’ he said. ‘Quite a challenge for any tailor, aye?’
‘What the hell is it?’ I demanded.
‘We call it material X,’ the man replied as he stretched his arms, demonstrating how flexible the material was; ‘it was discovered on a far-colony world and I’m afraid not much more is known about it and what is known is highly classified.’
‘You expect me to work on something without knowing what it is?’
‘Why not? You’re working on opening a door without knowing what lies beyond. You wake at the beginning of each new day without knowing whether you’ll make it to the end. Life is static, Ahab, without risk.’
I studied the material; the way it clung to the man’s body, the way it seemed to shimmer and ripple yet cast no reflection. There were no folds in it, no seams, it was a continuous membrane from neck to foot and once again it felt as though I were looking into something and not actually at it. A doorway into darkness shaped like a man. A human head balanced above that doorway, grinning at me, and it was the most surreal thing I had ever seen. That, coupled with the exhaustion, was almost too much to take.
‘I can’t accept this commission –’ I said.
‘Very well,’ the man shrugged and once again held his hand out and the material flowed from his body and down into the case and when the case was filled he shut it with a decisive snap. ‘I can understand your hesitancy,’ he said, ‘true greatness comes with taking great risk – and I can see you are not yet prepared for true greatness.’
I watched him pick the case up and walk back across the workshop floor and he was roughly half way to the exit when I called out to him, ‘What do you want me to do?’
REFLECTIONS OF A NIGHT TIME GARDEN
On the second floor of the workshop I stared at the outline of the secret door. So long I had stood or sat like this, staring at it, willing it open. And now here I was once again, only this time I had a means to make my single most burning desire come true. Now I had a way to open the secret door.
*
I had accepted my strange visitor’s commission, even though I was damned for doing so. What he had told me about his mysterious material X was enough to leave me breathless with excitement. The material was, as I had suspected, some kind of living organism. What kind, the man couldn’t say, but he did know it was mnemonic, storing design data at a cellular level. According to my visitor it digested the information fed it by the designer, moulding itself to conform to this information so that several hundred - perhaps several thousand - costume designs could be programmed into the single sheet of material and it would reshape itself each time according to whatever design the wearer chose out of this inbuilt catalogue. With this material there was no cutting or sewing involved and no repairs needed to be carried out once the costume was completed.
‘Amazing!’ I gasped as I thought of the endless applications of material X. It would revolutionize the textile industry. Not only that, but the material seemed impervious to damage; it could take direct fire from a plasma cannon without so much as a scratch. The military applications alone, I could imagine, were enormous. I suspected this man had something to do with the military, but what did he need from me? That was the true puzzle.
A dress.
It was as simple as that. I was to program Lady Desdemona’s specs into the material along with a sample of her DNA. I was to select one of her exclusive body suits, the design of which I was also to enter into the material. I reminded the man that the use of our client’s specs and DNA was prohibited under the rules of the Union of Terrestrial Tailors and that by so breaking these rules I was liable to ten years in prison and automatic expulsion from the union if found out.
‘I assure you,’ the man said, ‘you will not be found out. The rewards for your co-operation will be immeasurable. But it only takes you to turn a corner in your life, think the unthinkable, do the undoable, and then you will have earned the right to banquet with gods.’
‘How?’ I asked. ‘How am I supposed to program the information into the material? It’s only – material,’ I shrugged, ‘where are the entry ports? The jacks? Where’s the wiring?’
‘Oh, nothing so crude,’ the man smiled, ‘just use a data storage crystal or Ice Spar or whatever it is you use to transfer data –’
‘And then?’
‘I’ll let you find that out for yourself, shall I?’
I took the case from him and stood looking at him expectantly. ‘The door,’ I reminded him when it looked as though he was getting set to leave.
‘Of course,’ the man slapped a hand to his forehead, ‘how forgetful of me. The key to the secret door is really quite simple. When you enter into the last storage room on the second floor, switch the light on, count to three then switch it off again and once again count to three. Repeat this procedure one final time and the door shall open, my friend. That I guarantee.’
I nodded as I committed these instructions to memory.
‘Do you play the piano?’ my visitor asked. ‘Just out of curiosity.’
‘A little,’ I replied, frowning at the strangeness of the question. ‘Why do you ask?’
‘Music can transform reality,’ the man smiled wistfully; ‘it is a thing well known amongst the borgas.’ He shrugged. ‘No matter, you have what you want; you will supply me with what I want. It is agreed, yes?’
‘Yes,’ I said, shaking off the last of my inhibitions, ‘agreed.’
*
As easy as that.
I stood looking at the outline of that secret door one final time, gathering my nerve before taking the final plunge. Then I went back to the light switch and flicking it off allowed a decent amount of time to elapse before flicking it on and beginning a count of three. I then switched it off and repeated the count. I followed this ritual one last time and with my heart beating an electric symphony in my chest I went back to the secret door and –
It stood open.
I stared at it. I stared into it. The darkness beyond, filled with things I could not imagine, and I think it was a combination of fatigue and excitement, but I remember everything spinning and then the whole room violently tilted sideways and the world went black. I knew no more for some time.
*
I woke up slowly, muttering something as my eyes flickered open. Everything around me was a blur that sharpened only gradually. The secret doorway was open, but the back of my head hurt fiercely. I’d obviously hit it on the way down. I got up and, dusting myself off, passed through the door without further delay, determined that nothing else get between me and the prize I felt certain lay beyond.
There were stairs on the other side, leading up into a thick, airless dark. I carefully mounted them, feeling along the walls for a light switch and encountering one only upon reaching the topmost step. I palmed it and light sprang up around me. I realised, as I looked around, that I was in some kind of attic room. There were no windows. The room appeared empty apart from a tool box that lay in one corner and an extremely antique sewing machine that sat in another, complete with foot pedals and covered in a thick skin of dust. I was bitterly disappointed. I had committed my all to opening this door and now here I was, in a bare room with not one secret to uncover.
I went to the toolbox and examined it. There was nothing else to do. It was an ordinary work box, cold, blue and commonplace. I crouched down, pulled it open and lifted the empty top tray out and beneath the tray I found a key. A quite remarkable key made of gold and inlaid with tiny jewels. I stared down at it, turning it this way and that, peering closely at the design and wondering what on earth it opened.
I got up and walked carefully around the room, examining the walls, running my fingers over the floral patterned surface, looking for the slightest irregularity, the smallest inconsistency. At last I found what I was looking for, the vague outline of a second door, a tiny keyhole that looked, at first glance, to be part of the wall paper pattern itself. I slotted the key into the lock and turned it and my heart gave a convulsive little spasm as the lock clicked.
I closed my eyes, counted to ten, and pushed the door open. Immediately a section of wall swung inwards, revealing yet more darkness, more mystery - degrees of infinite temptation. But I was reluctant to go further without light and so I hurried back down into the workshop and returned a few minutes later with a torch. I thumbed the torch on and illuminated the gloom beyond the second door and I saw it led into a short passage at the other end of which stood yet another door.
*
With the blood pounding in my temples I hurried along the passage, my breathing laboured, my fingers twitching with nervousness and greed and a growing feeling of panic. One door had so far led only to another. I had no more keys at my disposal. If the third door was locked, I was right back where I had started.
I pressed my palm against the door, breathing a quick prayer to the patron god of tailors. The door did not move. I gave a small whimper of frustration and with all my might barged that door shoulder first and it swung inwards with surprising ease, pitching me through before I realised what was happening.
*
On the other side I could hardly believe my eyes. Venting a superstitious cry I staggered back into the passage and peered through the open door with a mixture of fear and open-mouthed astonishment. The room on the other side of the door was the office of Dandalus Cromby and Orio Nice.
But how could that be?
Their office was located two blocks away on Copper Lane. It had to be a duplicate office. If so it was a duplicate perfect down to the last detail and when I’d finally worked up enough courage to step into the office I went at once to the window and peered through the blinds. I saw the street outside was not Helia Street with its old, red brick workshops, al fresco delicatessens, and quaint cobbled streets, but Copper Lane with its baroque buildings, ivy covered balconies, ornate fountains, and silver tram lines running along the middle of the road.
It was impossible.
I felt reality whirling away from me, my vision collapsing down a long dark tunnel, a peculiar whistling sound in my head as though all the air was being let out. I staggered over to the teak desk and flopped down into Cromby’s big soft leather swivel chair and there I sat, breathing hard, eyes half closed, trying to absorb the overwhelming strangeness of this moment.
I had moved down a short passage, no more than fifteen feet from door to door, and at the same time I had leapt across two entire blocks. I got up and crossed over to the passage, staring down it, trying to make sense of this paradox. The passage led back into the attic room on the second floor of the Helia Street workshop. Yet here I stood in the Cromby and Nice office suite on Copper Lane. I calculated a distance of half a kilometre. The passage, as incredible as this might sound, was some kind of short cut between distant points in space.
I had heard of probability mapping, the technology used to leap vast distances across the stars in a matter of moments; and of course I had heard of Paradox Portals, strange punctures in the space/time continuum, leading into a multi-dimensional realm known as Creeptown. But I had never encountered these fourth dimensional phenomena in person. For me this was a crude wake-up call to a reality far greater than the one I had thus far been content to live in.
Cromby and Nice, the old devils, had been using illegal probability tek or something very similar. I wondered if this was part of the guild of tailor’s gnosis; could they be using probability tek? Had not the gods long ago banned the use of this technology upon pain of death? It seemed unlikely the master tailors would be using the tek without divine approval. Their very survival depended upon maintaining cordial relations with the Elohim.
But extraordinary as this discovery was it did not help me one jot. After all the effort to reach this point I felt I deserved a pay-off at the least. I wandered around the office, examining everything, careful to disturb nothing. The place reeked of luxury. Everything had been imported from off-world, made from woods that had not evolved here on earth, rare objet d’art displayed on marble plinths, shelves heavy with awards and trophies, but nothing I hadn’t seen before.
Was there some secret in this room yet to be discovered? Was I on the verge of something marvellous or had I discovered all there was? I searched the office, examining the desk, rifling through documents. I searched the adjoining bathroom, even peering under the toilet rim, and returned to examine the office all over again. I combed it from top to bottom, careful to miss nothing. I inspected the baby grand piano last and it was whilst examining Cromby’s pride and joy that I recalled my mysterious visitor’s statement.
‘Music can transform reality,’ he’d said.
It had sounded like a throw away comment at the time, but now I began to wonder if there hadn’t been a hidden meaning to his words. I sat at the baby grand and hit a few keys at random. I was rusty and a little nervous. The sound of the piano would draw unwelcome attention, but I gained confidence when I remembered the office was soundproof. I played as many tunes as I could recall from my student days. I played them back to front, varying the tempo, juggling the chords. There were music books stored under the piano seat and I took them out and played everything I could, slowly, trying to remember my sheet music; it had been quite a while since I’d last had the time or opportunity to play. But it came back by slow and agonising degrees and the quality of my playing improved immeasurably as I let my fingers have their way and stopped trying to bend them to my sluggish will.
After that everything became weird. Certain combinations of notes opened up secret panels in the walls, revealing strange and exotic weapons and samples of unknown and beautiful materials, whilst other combinations altered the lighting or changed the temperature or opened up drinks cabinets or summoned up holographic libraries containing thousands of unpublished designs.
*
I was playing combination after combination of notes, laughing with delight as my fingers flew over the keys, the language of music coming back to me with each passing moment. It was as my mysterious visitor had suggested; music could indeed transform reality. At last I hit a particular combination of notes and there was the sound of a loud crack, as though the very air had split asunder, and all at once my nostrils were filled with the smell of ozone and my ears popped as though the air pressure in the office had suddenly dropped. I looked around. Nothing appeared to have changed and at the same time everything seemed to have changed. The air looked grainy, the furniture flat and two dimensional, the colour bled to a near uniform grey. Everything looked insipid except the full-length mirror that now stood out in near luminous contrast.
I stared at the mirror and realised it no longer reflected the office. Instead it seemed to look into a garden of exquisite floral designs; a stately garden bathed in moonlight, a white walled palace overlooking it in the distance. There were gurgling fountains here and there, and pagodas illuminated by lamplight. I stood up in dumb disbelief, trying to see how this new ‘reflection’ was possible. As I approached the mirror I realised it was not a reflection at all. The mirror seemed to open out into the garden as though it had suddenly been transformed into a doorway.
A paradox portal, I was certain, and with that certainty came sudden understanding; my masters, Cromby and Nice, had an actual paradox portal in their office, cunningly disguised as a mirror. It was impossible of course, but absolutely incontrovertible, the mirror, the portal, stood before me as absolute proof of itself. I was frightened, I’ll admit, but it was a controlled fear, mixed with two parts excitement and one part triumph. I had discovered Cromby and Nice’s great secret; an illegal perforation into Creeptown aka Jericho, where it was possible to spend weeks on a design and not more than five minutes would have passed in the real world, where it was possible to harness all the creative powers of the subconscious and safely transport them back across the borders between dreaming and waking.
This mirror was one such border. It was a stable paradox portal no less, a thing so rare and so profitable that men and women were prepared to kill for the rights to possess one. How many times had I seen this mirror and thought nothing of it, a secret hiding in plain sight all these years? Not once had I suspected its covert purpose, that this common tailoring mirror could be the source of Cromby and Nice’s phenomenal success. I was astounded and I stood staring at the portal for a long time. In fact I was not even aware of the passage of time. Perhaps an hour passed, perhaps only five minutes, but it seemed like forever as I stared into this enigma, looking through its gilded frame at the impossible garden that lay beyond. I inhaled scented breezes that wafted into the office through the open portal, listening to the rustle of foliage, the soft call of nocturnal birds. I was mesmerized and might have stood there forever if a grandfather’s clock hadn’t, at that moment, begun to chime the hour.
I snapped out of my trance and returned to the piano. I played the same sequence of notes again, expecting the portal to turn back into a mirror. But it didn’t. My mouth became cotton ball dry as I tried a series of combinations and nothing happened. I could still see the garden through the mirror frame. My fingers flew over the piano keys; my breathing grew more strained. Something was not right; the scent of garden flowers was growing sickly sweet, overwhelming, the breezes that came through the mirror became dry and parched and the sound of night time birds took on an ominous, dead quality. I replayed combination after combination and nothing worked and all the while the atmosphere in the office continued to thicken, fingers of ice crawling up and down my spine, perspiration beading my forehead.
When I glanced across at the mirror I sensed things watching me from the other side, concealed in shadow, sharpening their appetite for human flesh. I was growing more paranoid, more desperate by the second. Sweat splashed against the piano keys as my fingers began to stumble, my music sounding increasingly discordant, and the more discordant my music the darker the mirror world became, as though the two were connected in ways I could not begin to fathom. It seemed all the light in the office was being sucked out through that mirror. The overheads were flickering on and off, my music echoing back at me in strange and ugly ways.
Something was moving in the night time garden, I was certain of it, slyly flitting from shadow to shadow as it approached the mirror from the other side. I didn’t dare look. I whimpered in dread as I stabbed and pounded at the piano keys, trying to hit a sequence of notes that would close that portal, but without success.
The sound of the piano was summoning something, the fear in my melody sharpening unseen appetites. I didn’t dare look into the mirror. I concentrated on the keys before me and my fingers were a blur of panic by this time, tunes stumbling into one another, chords piling up like a three lane car crash. I was a lunatic, a demented virtuoso, howling in despair as I battered my calloused fingers against the piano keys, trying to summon up the right spell, the precise note that would close the portal, and all to no avail.
The garden in the mirror was turning blood red; a hell light was seeping out into the office, washing over everything. I imagined I was in hell, buried beneath miles of strata, playing music to summon the devil.
Whatever had been approaching the mirror was in the office now. I heard that familiar scuffling sound as it crept into the shadows. I was about to abandon my efforts at the piano when a sudden thought occurred to me and with a wild cry of triumph I replayed the melody that had first opened the portal, but this time I played it in reverse and it took several attempts before I got it right.
Again I heard a crack as though the sky itself had fractured. I risked a glance towards the mirror and my heart leapt for joy as I saw my own frightened features once again staring back at me. The portal had closed and the mirror was a mirror once more. Without further delay I leapt up from the piano and raced across to the doorway that led back to the workshop, not pausing to see what had come through the portal. I ran like the hounds of hell were after me and I swore I heard a child’s falsetto giggle in the office behind me. Then I was through, slamming the door behind me, racing up the passage between Helia Street and Copper Lane and back into the attic room, slamming the second door behind me and turning the lock with a decisive click.
DEMEA
I was too frightened, too exhilarated, to sleep that night. I paced the workshop floor like a man possessed, a thousand images loose in my head and not one of them adding up to a single rational thought. Paradox portals, mirrors into elsewhere, the guild of tailors, my mysterious visitor, material X, Princess Makera – my life, my world, had become infinitely more complex recently. I couldn’t determine the beginning or end of it.
I made coffee and my hands shook so much I wound up spilling half the contents of the mug over the workshop floor. I couldn’t stop thinking about the mirror, the passage between Helia Street and Copper Lane, the night time garden and the piano that summoned other realities. In old earth lore there is a myth about a girl called Mary who follows a white fox down a hole in the earth and winds up in a marvellous place called Underland. I very much felt like this girl, this Mary. I had just seen Underland for myself and quite frankly it had scared me witless.
I sipped my coffee, gradually overcoming the shakes. My mind began to thaw and slowly the clamour of panicked thoughts dwindled in my head. I was afraid, but that fear was giving way to exhilaration, a sense of treading clouds. I had discovered a great secret and it was only a matter of time before I’d come up with a way of exploiting it.
It was then I heard the scuffle again. My head jerked up, my eyes raking the ceiling. I listened intently, hardly daring to breathe. The sound came again. It sounded much closer than on any of the previous occasions. It sounded as though it was directly overhead – in my bedroom.
I jumped to my feet and the coffee mug hit the ground. Porcelain shrapnel peppered my shins, but I ignored the minor destruction, staring at the ceiling, trying to swallow a cold lump of fear caught in my throat. Something had come through the portal just before I’d closed it. But I had locked the second door on the way into the attic and returned the key to the toolbox. Was it possible that same something had followed me into the workshop?
I looked around for a weapon. I picked up a pair of laser shears and switched them on. A nimbus of blue light flickered at one end, not very effective, but impressive to look at, and thus fortified I ascended the stairs, soft treading, breathing cautiously through my mouth, trying to still the rapid fire thud-thud of my heart. I came to the first floor landing and stood there listening, staring down the short passage towards the closed door of my bedroom. At least it had been closed when I’d left it this morning. Now it stood slightly ajar. A startled whistle escaped through clenched teeth. What the hell had I brought back with me?
I held the shears in front of me and approached my bedroom door with a suffocating sense of foreboding. When I reached the door I stopped and listened, staring at the open crack of darkness between door and jamb. I twitched with nerves, the laser flame jumping and flickering in my hand, giving out a hot sizzle and turning the air around me a sterile blue. I nudged the door open with the toe of my shoe. The darkness of my room yawned wide and I felt a dry belch of fear swelling up from my belly. I listened hard, not twitching so much as a muscle. Then ever so slowly I eased into the room, reaching out for the light panel.
A woman’s soft voice muttered out of the darkness. ‘Please don’t turn the light on.’
I yelped in fright and dropped the laser shears and snatched them back up before they burnt a precision hole in the floor. I was about to flee headlong back up the passage when the voice spoke again.
‘I won’t hurt you; I’m just hungry and cold.’
This stopped me. I felt myself calming down considerably; there was something helpless about that voice, like a child calling out of the well of its own terror.
‘Who are you?’ I asked, my voice shaking as much as my hands.
‘Demea,’ said the voice in the darkness, ‘daughter of Morn.’
‘How did you get in here?’ I was regaining control of my voice; so far I hadn’t been attacked and each second that passed I grew calmer, more confident.
‘I came through the mirror pool,’ the voice said. ‘I heard your music and I came. Did I do wrong?’
‘I need to see you,’ I said. ‘I’m going to switch the light on –’
‘It hurts,’ the voice whimpered and she sounded so distressed that I immediately reassured her I would leave the light off.
I stepped into the bedroom and closed the door behind me. The only source of illumination was the laser from the shears and this barely put a dent in the darkness. I could see vague shadowy outlines; I could distinguish bed from wall, but not much else besides. I addressed the bed, ‘Where are you from?’
‘The island of Midir,’ said the voice, ‘surrounded on all sides by the dreaming lake. Perhaps you have heard of my kinsmen? They are known as Fomorii.’
The names were unfamiliar to me. ‘I am a tailor,’ I said to the unseen lady in my room. ‘My name is Ahab Pantomon.’
‘What is a tailor?’ the voice asked me.
This was a strange question and I wondered if she wasn’t pulling my leg. I explained the functions of a tailor; I explained the concept of fashion. I asked her what kind of costume she wore, but she told me she wore nothing but the skin she’d been born with. Now this excited my imagination in no small way. I fidgeted uncomfortably as I tried to quell a sudden stab of desire in my heart. I wanted nothing more than to look upon this woman, but her aversion to light was a stumbling block. Perhaps she feared the light because she was naked, but she gave no indication her nakedness actually bothered her. She didn’t even seem to know what clothes were.
‘Do you live in that palace I saw through the mirror?’ I asked.
‘That is my father’s home,’ the voice replied.
‘Doesn’t anyone wear clothes in your father’s house?’
‘Everyone is as I am.’
‘But there was light in your father’s palace,’ I pointed out, ‘I saw it.’
‘The light is different here,’ the voice explained. ‘It is harsh – without feeling – it is dead light. I don’t like it.’
‘Why have you come here then?’
‘To be with you.’
This startled me. ‘What do you mean?’ I demanded.
‘I was summoned by you,’ the voice said. ‘I was brought here by your music.’
‘Do you know two gentlemen?’ I described Cromby and Nice in detail. ‘Do they ever visit your world?’
‘They never visit us,’ the voice replied. ‘They summon us when they need us and return us when they have finished, but they never step into our world.’
‘Why not?’
‘They are afraid, I think?’
‘What do they summon you for?’
‘I do not know. I myself have never been summoned, but many of my sisters have.’
‘I would like to look at you, Demea,’ I said. ‘I’m going to switch the light on now. If you don’t like it, I’ll turn it off again. Is that Ok?’
There was silence for a moment and then the voice, sounding quite subdued, said, ‘Very well, Ahab, I trust you.’
*
I went to the light panel and palmed it with a barely discernible prayer and the room was instantly illuminated from floorboards to rafters. The creature sitting on the bed was not human, I saw at once, but nor was it entirely inhuman, which fact prevented me from fleeing the room in mindless panic. It certainly resembled a woman anatomically, the swell of bosom, the curve of hips, the roundness of thigh, but its skin was completely transparent and its organs and insides were unformed, misty, insubstantial, as though condensing slowly out of a fog of confusion.
‘What manner of creature are you?’ I gasped.
‘I am Demea, daughter of Morn,’ said the creature on the bed, looking up at me through half formed eyes, a filmy cataract covering each huge orb, and I could see the optic nerves and the muscle attachments of each eye through her flesh. She was not dangerous, I could see this at once, but the sight of her badly unnerved me and it was all I could do to stand my ground.
‘But you look – you look –’
‘I am not as you,’ the creature said. ‘The women of Midir take on the form of their lover’s deepest desire. Until we meet the man who will shape us, we remain – undecided.’
I was held spellbound by this concept. I stared at this transparent creature with growing excitement. ‘You mean your lover gives you face and form?’ I was finding it difficult to breathe.
‘Yes,’ the creature, Demea, nodded, ‘it is our gift to the man who wins our heart.’
‘I take it no man has yet won your heart,’ I said.
‘Not until now,’ the creature said and stared up at me expectantly.
I shook my head. ‘What are you suggesting?’
‘I wish to bond with you,’ Demea said. ‘I wish to become your lover. I will become whatever you choose. I will give you the secrets of your trade as dowry if you only love me in return.’
I sat down on the floor. Actually I sagged back against the wall and slid down to the ground. I stared at this extraordinary creature and her words were like fires igniting in my core; I will give you the secrets of your trade as dowry if you only love me in return. The words were vibrant, electric with meaning.
‘The secrets of my trade,’ I said.
‘It is within my power,’ she replied.
‘What else is in your power?’
‘This you will learn in time, as we grow more intimate.’
I knew that my next words would determine my fate. The mysterious stranger who’d brought material X to my workshop had told me life was nothing without risk. His words seemed pretty poignant at this moment in time. I thought of the secrets of my trade, my great dream of becoming a master tailor. I thought of my beautiful Abyssinian princess and I thought of mother and how I might now have the means to break away from her, to become the Pantomon that hitherto existed only in my dreams.
‘I will accept, Demea,’ I said, ‘but you mustn’t mention to anyone where you came from, and for the time being you must remain in this room whilst there are people in the workshop.’
Demea clapped her hands in childish delight and leaping off the bed she ran to embrace me, burying her face in my chest. I was horrified, for she was half-finished in my eyes, but I returned her embrace and she felt so warm and vulnerable that I tightened my grip around her and held her to me for a long time.
*
‘What face do you desire of me, what woman do you wish me to become?’ Demea asked when at last we stepped away from each other. She wandered around my tiny room, examining my possessions, tidying things; straightening my notes. In every way she was a woman, already taking control, marking her territory, claiming her man, and extraordinary and disquieting as she was in appearance I actually began to see her as a flesh and blood woman, and at that point I became quite overwhelmed with emotion.
When Demea turned back to me she saw the tears in my eyes and flinched from them as though she were the cause. I reassured her they were merely tears of joy and she smiled at this and began to make my bed. I thought of her question. I could have her become any woman I desired and there was only one woman I could think of, Makera, my Abyssinian princess. But she would not be Makera, even if she looked exactly like her. She would not contain the essence of Makera and I was frightened she would merely cheapen my beloved’s image and so I said to her, ‘Demea, I wish you to take on the form of your choice. There is no one I wish you to become more than the person you are.’
When she heard this Demea ran to me and embraced me again and now she too was crying tears of joy and I felt a stab of guilt in my heart, knowing my reasons for allowing her freedom of choice were not as generous as I’d led her to believe.
*
I took Demea on a tour of the workshop, showing her how a dress was first conceptualised then digitally rendered, then finally how hundreds of robot weavers, small as spiders, spun the cloth over the digital scaffolding, creating the finished costume to perfect spec. The apprentice tailor’s function, I informed her, was to translate the master tailor’s design into the digital language of the weavers. In other words tailors were now no more than computer programmers, the weaver robots carrying out the actual task of making the costume.
Demea soaked this information up like a sponge. I could actually see the information through the transparency of her flesh, golden nectar entering her still developing brain, spreading outwards through the entire synaptic network. She seemed to be changing even as I showed her around; her flesh becoming more solid, her features evolving, curls of red hair growing from her scalp, tumbling down her face and shoulders like a slow motion waterfall.
At last I took her up to the second floor where I had secretly converted one of the storage rooms into a personal workshop. Here I showed her the designs for Makera’s wedding dress.
‘And who is this for?’ There was a sharpness in Demea’s voice and I glanced at her and noticed, for the first time, that her eyes were green as Ezekiel lace. The cataracts were gone and she stared at me with a piercing intellect that was both shocking and unnerving.
‘An important client,’ I replied hesitantly and to distract her from further enquiries I showed her the case containing material X.
‘What’s in here?’ she asked, staring at the case in wide-eyed curiosity.
‘A special material,’ I boasted, ‘it came into my possession this very night. Allow me to show you.’ I unclasped the case and pulled it open.
Something was wrong; the dark material within the case was writhing and seething like waves caught in a furious storm, violent lights were exploding in its deep core, filling the storage room with a violent borealis. Demea shrieked, ‘Haz’rhea,’ and leaping forward slammed the case shut.
‘What is it?’ I asked, shaken as much by the wild, frightened look in Demea’s face as by the curious behaviour of material X.
‘This material is unholy,’ she cried, moving away from the case as though it contained poisonous vipers. ‘Where did you get it?’
‘A man gave it to me,’ I said defensively. ‘He told me it came from a far-colony world.’
‘He lied,’ Demea hissed and I could see sparks of anger in her eyes. ‘This material comes from my world. It does not belong here. It is evil, Ahab. Do not use it. Have nothing to do with it, I beseech you.’
I assured her I wouldn’t and quickly led her from the room, my mind staggering around, bumping into clumsy thoughts that couldn’t get out of the way fast enough.
*
I fed her and clothed her in remainder stock, a loose robe and embroidered slippers. By the time I brought them to her Demea’s transformation was complete. She had become a beautiful red haired woman of no more than twenty. Her skin was flawless, an olive colour with the burnished kiss of a long ago Mediterranean sun. Her features were haunting, almost otherworldly; too childlike to be fully woman, too seductive to be truly childish. Her eyes were huge and innocent, her lips full and bruised. She was beautiful in every way, but she was not Makera and that was the first uncharitable thought that came to mind when I saw her.
‘How do I look?’ she asked and I could see she was desperate for approval.
‘Like an angel,’ I said and it was true. If my heart hadn’t already belonged to another woman I might have found her irresistible.
She was delighted with my words and twirled several times so that I could see her from every vantage point.
*
I took Demea up to bed and tucked her in as I would my own child. She kissed me and would have pulled me into bed with her, but I resisted her and told her, ‘I must finish my work, Demea. Sleep now, I’ll check on you every so often.’
She pouted with disappointment, then grinned impishly and pulled the bed covers up over her head. I palmed the light off and returned to the workshop. I worked until the first crack of light, re-jigging the master designs for the Phoenician costumes, trying to recalibrate the designs without taking away from their essence. It was a laborious task with over five hundred costumes to personally attend to and I wasn’t even quarter way through. When dawn paled the sky I went upstairs to check on Demea. The tailors would start turning up in an hour and I wanted to make certain she would remain undiscovered until the following night.
When I got to the bedroom I found the door ajar. With alarm mounting in my heart I pushed it all the way open and slapped the light on. Demea was gone. I raced out of the room, convinced she was returning to the portal, that I would lose her forever if I didn’t stop her, but as I emerged from my room I was relieved to see her approaching from the opposite end of the passage.
There was a bewildered look on her face and she didn’t even glance at me when I hailed her. ‘Are you ok, Demea?’ I asked, but she walked past me without acknowledging my presence and entered the bedroom. When I returned to the room Demea had tucked herself back into bed. I turned the light off and closed the door. She hadn’t gone to the bathroom, there was only one bathroom in the whole workshop and she would have passed me to get to it.
I thought of material X and suddenly I was sprinting up to the second floor storage room, nameless fears pursuing me, but there was no need to be concerned. The case was untouched, the material lay placidly within. I breathed a sigh of relief and was about to leave the storage room when I decided to check on my design for Makera’s wedding dress. I switched the computer on and thumbed up the holographic rendering. My heart came to a thudding standstill. It wasn’t there. The file was empty. I let out a curse and stabbed up the backup catalogue. Wiped clean. She’d terminated the entire project.
I was about to let out a howl of grief and rage when I noticed a warning light blinking on the hard drive. I keyed in a query and a read-out flashed up. The computer’s memory was near critical overload, the hard drive required backup memory immediately or it faced imminent crash. I was startled. These hard drives had near infinite memory. There was something huge stored in the drive, something absolutely colossal. I plugged in an extra drive and bled memory back into the original, boosting its memory banks to almost double. The warning light went out and I keyed up the offending file. I let out an involuntary whistle when I saw how much memory it was using. It certainly wasn’t one of mine. I uploaded it into the holo grid and stepped back as the file was rendered in 3D.
My jaw hit the ground. I stared in blank wonder at the hologram floating in front of me. Never have I seen anything so splendid. It was a dress, but what a dress. I could not understand how it had been accomplished; even to this day it remains a mystery to me. There were far, far too many anchor points and too many rendered lines joining point to point like hairline fractures in space. The image this created was one of overwhelming complexity, like the free floating map of a far away galaxy. Only there was nothing random about this galaxy of numinous lines and glowing anchor points, instead the lines formed the image of a dress of absolutely exquisite design.
It was a wedding dress that descended from fitted bodice to a ballooning gown in terraced layers, light spilling over the lip of each terrace like foam over the steps of a many tiered fountain. Ribbons of diamond bright light floated around this dress, resembling the trajectory of orbiting satellites. The bridal veil too was entirely made of light, flowing around the neckline of the dress and gushing down the supple curve of its spine like the aura of an absent saint. I stared down at the spec readout in the lower left hand of the holo-grid and I staggered back in astonishment. Whoever rendered this diagram had cracked the riddle of Benediction Damask. A riddle that had baffled tailors for over three centuries.
*
Let me use this opportunity to explain something about Benediction Damask, the material Princess Makera’s gown was to be made from. Benediction Damask is a material on the verge of becoming elemental. It is caught in a paradoxical flux between remaining as inert matter or transforming into pure light. Tailors making use of the material have long discovered that the closer their theory of design comes to the perfect harmonic pitch of Benediction Damask, the more light the material sheds. In order to convert as little as fifteen percent of the material to light, a tailor’s design calculations must be exact to a sub-decimal point. The balance of the design must be considered when rendering anchor points. Every fold, every tuck, every pleat must take into consideration the integrity of the entire pattern before it can be factored in. If the balance is off the material remains largely inert. In other words the more balance a design has, the more material it converts to light.
There is a theory that when the perfect harmonic pitch of Benediction Damask is factored into a design the entire dress will instantly be converted into pure luminosity. Thus the perfect harmonic pitch has always been seen as a Rosetta’s stone, forever elusive, like the secret names of ancient deities. No tailor has ever achieved more than a fifteen percent conversion.
Yet before me was a dress design that was registering eighty-five percent conversion to light. It was impossible; no wonder the hard drive couldn’t handle it. I had never seen such balance, such liquid poetry in a design before. Nothing could compare to this, not even the fabled designs of Seta Najaal, the mythical tailor of Blue Mountain. It was a dress worthy of great Sophia herself and I wept when I beheld it for I understood at once that Demea had erased my design to free up enough memory for her design and that her design was a gift to me, ‘a dowry for my love.’
It overwhelmed me. In return for my love Demea had broken the riddle of Benediction Damask. With this design alone I would be guaranteed membership of the Guild of Tailors. Yet how could I claim it? The design was not mine. When asked to duplicate its specs my deceit would soon be uncovered. How could I reveal the true author of this design without compromising Demea’s existence? I decided to study these specs, to unravel the mystical mathematics that had made this design possible. I sat down and took up a notebook and began to set my observations down, working with gathering haste, as though afraid the design was going to disappear in a puff of smoke.
*
Almost an hour later I heard a large commotion in the workshop downstairs. I had forgotten about the apprentice tailors and switching my computer off I hurried downto find out what was going on. About twenty tailors had turned up for the day’s shift, but they were at first hard to detect in the visual chaos that greeted me. The workshop was filled with a virtual forest of free-floating holo designs.
As I descended into the workshop the apprentice tailors were all staring at me in awe and it was not hard to see why. The holo designs were absolutely stunning. It was the Phoenician costumes, all five hundred of them, designed to absolute perfection, rendered in ways not even Cromby and Nice, from the very core of their collective genius, could ever have hoped to emulate. I was as stunned as the tailors, but it was I they applauded, as though I had done this thing myself; as though I, Ahab Pantomon, was capable of such designs, such genius, and all in the span of a single night. It was ludicrous, but the apprentice tailors did not know who else to credit with this miracle and I could not possibly mention Demea. So I bowed and smiled and modestly accepted their fevered praise. The looks on their faces were enough to heat the cockles of my heart. ‘At last’, I thought, ‘true recognition.’
*
Demea must have come down and rendered these designs whilst I was busy studying the wedding gown. When I finally got a chance to return to my bedroom I found her fast asleep, her mouth open, her eyes closed tight, like a child dreaming of fresh mischief when she wakes. I kissed her forehead and went back downstairs.
More and more tailors were turning up by the minute and the clamour of praise reached near pandemonium, and, fearing the noise would wake Demea, I took them all out to lunch, all three hundred of them, and charged it to accounts. The lunch became a kind of celebration because we all knew in our hearts that the project was over. That the House of El would accept these costume designs; that our fame would be enhanced no end once the Ceremony of Ascension was broadcast around Golgotha Falls, highlighting our work, our genius, our towering triumph. And whilst we celebrated Demea slept on.
*
‘How?’ I asked her when the last of the tailors had gone home for the night and Demea came to join me in the downstairs workshop. ‘How were you able to render those designs – they were beautiful.’
‘You approve,’ Demea hugged her shoulders and shivered with delight. ‘I was afraid you wouldn’t like them.’
I laughed. ‘Not like them, they were magnificent. We cast the designs over to the House of El this afternoon. They commissioned them at once. That’s the fastest I’ve ever known them to make a decision.’
Demea clapped her hands and performed a childish dance. ‘Now you don’t have to work so hard,’ she said.
‘And the wedding dress,’ I couldn’t stop talking. ‘How were you able to design the wedding dress? You converted eighty-five percent of the material to pure light. That’s impossible. I don’t know if you understand what impossible means.’
‘Yes I do,’ Demea said, suddenly solemn, ‘it means something that can’t be done until you decide to do it.’
I stared at her for a moment, then I burst out laughing and picking her up in my arms I twirled her about and she giggled excitedly.
‘You’re an angel,’ I said, ‘an absolute angel. In one night you’ve solved every problem I ever had. I can’t believe it. It’s like the weight of the world has been lifted from my shoulders.’
*
I ordered a meal of Nakadian sour spice rice and sun roasted chicken. We snuggled up on an old weathered sofa and watched holo flicks rented from the local library. There was no work left to do and we were alone in the large workshop. Yet we were not alone, we were together. I felt such happiness as I’ve never felt before, just sitting against the warmth of Demea’s body, not hoping for any more than this - this night, this moment, dreaming it would never end. But I’ve found that in life the simplest things are often the hardest to hold on to.
*
‘If Cromby and Nice summon your sisters,’ I said when the first of the flicks had ended, ‘how come their designs are not as beautiful as yours?’
‘Your masters impose themselves on my sisters,’ Demea said sadly. ‘They shape my sisters with their desires and they demand their help without once offering them anything in return. You let me choose my own form, Ahab, you have given me love and you have asked for nothing in return.’
‘Is that why your designs are so beautiful?’
‘It is because you have made me beautiful, Ahab. For this I thank you.’
*
In the early hours of the morning, when Demea had gone to bed, I returned to my storage room and continued to study the holo design of the wedding dress she had rendered. But I couldn’t concentrate. I was staring at the design, but my mind was fixed on the case in the corner of the room. The case containing material X. I had struck a bargain with the mysterious visitor. In return for a way through the secret door I had promised him samples of Lady Desdemona’s DNA as well as her vital statistics. It felt like an act of blackest treachery. I was not used to betraying a client’s trust, but I couldn’t back out of the bargain now. I couldn’t risk losing Demea.
I switched my computer off and for a long time I stood staring at the case in the corner. I recalled Demea’s warning when she’d seen material X. I remembered the look of horror on her face. I also had a sense of foreboding about the material. There was something malignant about it, something sly and altogether malicious. I had felt this the first time I laid eyes on it, but it was not until afterwards that I identified the feeling. But a deal was a deal. The mysterious visitor had given me what I had asked for. It was time to honour my side of the bargain.
*
I thought hard and long about the nature of the task before me. I carried the case containing material X down into the basement where the data vaults were located. The data vaults, despite their imposing name, were quite minimalist in design. A series of six daises, each one colour coded to match a particular section of the archives.
I stood on the blue dais and when the holographic interface appeared in front of me I thumbed in my password. At once the air around me came alive with glowing codes and cipher text. I rapidly keyed in my data request and Lady Desdemona’s vital statistics flashed up in front of me along with an awesome seven and a half foot 3-d image of the goddess. I flinched when I saw that monstrous image. In that moment I very nearly lost my nerve. To make an enemy of the Lady Desdemona seemed a very bad idea indeed. But I was committed and so with an effort of will I purged my mind of fears and doubts and concentrated on the task at hand. I downloaded Lady D’s stats onto a blank ICE spar along with the most recent of her costume designs, and then I transferred a sample of her DNA to a petri crystal that could hold it in stasis for eternity if I wished.
I didn’t need eternity. All I needed was enough time to transfer the spar and crystal to the material. How exactly I was to encode hard information into soft material I wasn’t yet certain, but I trusted the way would become clear soon enough. I stepped off the data dais and collected the ICE spar and the petri crystal from the software point and hurried across to the case. I set the crystal and spar to one side and opened the case with difficulty, my hands trembling with nerves.
Material X seemed inert tonight and as I stared into the case I once again had the feeling I was staring down into a bottomless abyss. I picked the crystal and spar up and held them tightly in my hands, staring into the case, wondering what to do next. I became fixed in that position, staring down into the darkness of material X. Gradually I felt that darkness creep into my mind, smothering all independent thought, snuffing out my memory, my hopes for the future, my recollections of the past. I stared into another universe where form was not and light was not and all that existed was darkness and in that darkness things cried out to me, things without form that envied those with form, that stared out of their formless universe and into a universe of shape and substance and they were hungry for substance, desperate for physical expression –
I let go of the spar and crystal, dropping them down into the case. There was a slight ripple as the objects made contact with material X, but instead of settling on it they sank right into its folded layers. I could see the spar and crystal drifting down into darkness like glass pebbles dropped into the depths of a bottomless lake.
A tentacle of darkness reared up from the material, forming into the exact replica of my hand. The fingers of that hand touched the fingers of mine and such a jagged feeling of cold tore through me that I was knocked backwards, falling to the ground with a wild cry. I snapped out of my trance and rolled to my feet, clutching at my hand, blowing on the fingers. It felt as though they’d been burnt in a forge filled with flames of ice instead of heat. I folded my arms across my chest, tucking my fingers into my armpits and stared down at the material, but the curse I’d reserved for it died in my throat.
*
The material was on fire, boiling and bubbling and fuming, waves of darkness lashing its volatile surface, and deep in its depths I saw titanic clouds rolling in turmoil, illuminated from within by jagged lightning bolts. There were images in those clouds, imprinted in the staccato flash of each bolt. Violent images, blood and madness and suffering and death and I realised those images were the memories of Lady Desdemona and I understood that those memories were somehow being digested by the material. I quickly closed the case, snapping the locks home, and carried it back up to the storage room where I hid it behind some packing crates.
That was it. My job was over. I’d keyed the required information into the material and right now it was busy assimilating it. All I need do was wait. Soon my mysterious visitor would turn up to claim his property and I would be rid of material X forever.
*
Princess Makera came to see me the following day. I was excited to show her the latest design for the wedding dress. Only a few tailors had turned up for today’s shift. The major project was over; there was no need to maintain a full complement. I took Makera upstairs and uploaded the dress design into the holo-grid. Makera stared at the design as though she were seeing her own soul for the very first time. Great tears welled up in her eyes and rolled down her cheeks and she kept muttering something to herself over and over, a silent prayer perhaps. The words were in her own tongue and made no sense at all to me.
‘You have designed my heart,’ she said to me when she’d regained her composure. ‘You have created something sacred, Mr. Nice. There has never been a dress as beautiful as this.’ And with that she burst into tears and I held her and comforted her and the heat of her filled me with such longing, such unendurable passion that I raised my face to hers and she stared down at me and there was a light in her eyes, a madness I was to see once, in that moment, and never again.
We kissed then and there in the dusty confines of a second floor storage room, the most perfect wedding dress in all the known universe floating beside us like a guardian angel. Through her lips I drank the essence of her. I was filled with her fire and her mystery, a thousand galaxies exploding at once in my heart, the expanding waves of their destruction incinerating all that had come before that moment, leaving the future open to a billion and one dazzling possibilities. It was a kiss like no other. It was a moment that was never to come again for she pulled away from me at last and she said, ‘This must not happen, Mr. Nice. I am betrothed.’
‘I’m sorry,’ I gasped. ‘I’ve loved you – I think of you – my dreams – my heart –’. How could I express a lifetime’s yearning in one sentence? But she shook her head and placed a finger on my lips and I was silenced.
‘This must not happen,’ she said again and there was such authority in her voice as to chasten a god. My heart clenched painfully when I heard those words for I knew then she would never be mine.
‘I’m sorry,’ I said again and she bowed and, placing the palm of her hand against her chest, she said, ‘Thank you, Mr. Nice, for all you have done. Your name will be celebrated for this thing you have achieved. May you one day find your heart’s desire.’
How can you say that, I wanted to scream, when you are all my heart desires?
*
We said no more on the matter, but that day my heart broke in two and I still feel the pain of that injury. I know it is one wound time may alleviate, but will never heal.
Demea and I grew closer as the days went by. She was delightful, witty, intelligent and loving. Everything I had ever wanted in a woman and yet now it was no longer enough. She was not Makera. She was not my beloved and even when I was with her, when I lay with her, or sat side by side with her on our weathered sofa, I could never truly be with her in my heart.
My heart grieved for the past and had no room for the present.
THE COUNTERFEIT SPIDER
‘You’ve abandoned me,’ mother shrieked over the vid com. Her hair was in disarray, her lipstick smeared across one cheek. She looked half drunk. ‘My own flesh and blood has abandoned me at last. Hah! I knew this day would come. The leopard shows its stripes. Just like your father abandoned me –’
‘Mom,’ I dared to interrupt, ‘dad died of overwork –’
‘He had a choice in the matter,’ mother shrieked back. ‘He didn’t take proper care of himself. How can you take care of your family if you can’t take care of yourself? He had an obligation to us. That’s what a real man does, he fulfils his obligations.’
‘Dad was a real man,’ I gritted my teeth in anger and actually hissed these words through clenched teeth. ‘He worked day and night because he had to pay for all the credit you spent…’
‘Don’t you dare,’ mother howled and the decibel meter to the left of the screen actually shot up into the red, ‘don’t you dare lecture me, you cur. I had to use a sperm donor just to conceive you, that’s how manly your goddamned father was, he didn’t even have a high enough sperm count to conceive a child. Yeah, you didn’t know that, did you?’
I stared at her in drugged wonder that any human being could be this malicious. I stared at her for a long time because I didn’t trust myself to speak. She stared back at me and I think, even through the fog of her inebriation, there was some realisation of the magnitude of what she’d just said. Her eyes had grown nervous and shifty. I stared at her until I felt I had stared enough.
‘Speak to me, baby,’ she whined.
I reached out and broke transmission.
*
‘Your mother is an angry soul,’ Demea said. Until she spoke I had been unaware she’d been standing right behind me, listening to the entire conversation. I closed my eyes and tried to calm down, but it was no use, I was shaking like a leaf.
‘She’s an evil bitch,’ I said, ‘and I wish she was dead.’
‘She infects you with her anger,’ Demea said.
‘She infects everyone with her anger,’ I replied, staring at the blank vid-screen, still seeing mother’s swollen, sodden face, her smeared lips forming around her words, her revelation, her bombshell.
I am not my father’s son.
In that moment, if I had come face to face with mother, I am certain I would have struck her dead and damn the consequences.
*
But I’m no killer. On that point let me be entirely clear.
*
That night I had a dream of such intensity I woke from it drenched in sweat. I dreamed I was soaring above the grand city of Golgotha Falls, moving between enormous Strata and Kilo towers, vertical cities in their own right, a forest of such buildings, moonlight glinting off their dark, mirrored surfaces. I swung on the end of a micro thin web line, the wind a savage scream in my ears, my eyes narrowed to slits as I spun a second web line from the base of my spine, snapping it out across the abyss, snagging a distant anchor point, letting the first line go and transferring my weight to the second. Never have I felt such power, such indomitable energy. I was a god, nothing less. The sky was my domain, the earth no more than a reference point as I spun between the two, somersaulting across stretches of infinity, rebounding off perma glass escarpments, ricocheting off the scalloped underbellies of aerial freeways.
The dream was so vivid. So intense. I was not I. What or who I had become I had no idea, nor did I care, it was enough that I was. I had six eyes and when I opened the top pair of eyes I saw all that would come and when I opened the second I saw all that had been and through the third pair I saw all that was. In my head several minds functioned at once, working on multiple problems simultaneously.
I tell you I was not I. But what or who had I become?
I had memories of scaling a vertical wall, my arms and legs, of which I had two pairs each, adhering to the glacial surface, avoiding perimeter scanners with senses honed to perfection. I had memories of entering into a room that was familiar even in my dream. A face – a face that I knew and yet did not know – a woman, screaming, blood everywhere, begging me for mercy, but there is no mercy in my heart – I am a thing of instinct – I am judge, jury and executioner – I am death incarnate and this woman – this known and unknown mortal – must reap the whirlwind that I have become –
*
The next morning two detectives from the district constabulary visited me at the workshop.
‘Hello, Mr. Pantomon,’ said Detective Winters.
‘I’m afraid we have some rather bad news, Mr. Pantomon,’ said Detective Bloom.
I brought them into the private office and ordered coffee over the intercom. My heart was beating fast. I had no idea what was going on, but all kinds of fears were bubbling up inside me.
‘It’s your mother, Mr. Pantomon,’ Detective Bloom said. ‘She was found dead in her apartment at Oceanus Mansions in Lower Cassiopeia at 7:43 this morning. She was murdered.’
‘Murdered,’ I gasped. ‘How? Who? When?’
‘As far as we’ve been able to determine,’ said Detective Winters, flicking a holo-pad out of his wristwatch and checking through the details, ‘she was attacked last night sometime between ten and ten thirty by person or persons unknown. Her apartment was broken into by a professional of some agility, seeing as it’s on the fortieth floor, but apparently they came up the wall and in through an open skylight.’
I stared at the men, the lights in the room growing brighter by the second. I felt as if I was going to pass out. I gripped the edge of the desk and clenched my jaw as tight as I could, willing the nausea to pass. The men stared at me without comment. They thanked the apprentice tailor politely when he brought their coffee in and then they continued staring at me and if there’s one thing guaranteed to make me nervous its people that stare.
‘Where is she?’ I wheezed in a voice I barely recognised as my own.
‘In the Cassiopeia District morgue,’ Detective Bloom said, sipping his coffee with a little wince of pleasure. I should point out that we use only the best beans for our coffee here at the Cromby and Nice workshop. ‘It’s not a pretty sight, I’m afraid,’ he continued. ‘The attacker seemed to have a real grudge against Mrs Pantomon. Do you know if your mother has – had – any enemies?’
‘No – no, gods, no,’ I said. ‘She was harmless, a bit eccentric, but nothing you would kill her over. I just can’t believe it. Why her?’
‘That’s what we’re trying to figure out,’ Detective Winters said. ‘Did she have any outstanding debts that you know of?’
‘I paid all her bills,’ I said. ‘If there was anything outstanding I would have known about it.’
‘How was her behaviour recently? Notice anything odd?’
‘No odder than usual.’
‘What does that mean?’
‘Gentlemen, my mother never really got over the death of her husband, my father. She was, as I’ve said, slightly eccentric. But there was nothing unusual about her behaviour of recent. Was anything stolen from the apartment?’
‘We’d like you to help us determine that.’
I promised them I’d help in any way I could and they thanked me for my time, finished their coffee, extended their condolences, and then they left me with my brain on fire and my heart raising towards its own terminal arrest.
She was dead. Elena Patricia Pantomon was dead. Murdered. I couldn’t believe it. I sat staring at the wall in a daze. I thought of the last time we’d spoken over the vid com. I felt a flush of guilt and then, hot on its tail, a sudden rush of relief. The credit vacuum in my life was gone, the incessant demands were over. In one fell swoop someone had relieved me of the biggest stumbling block to my own progress and I didn’t know whether to scream for justice or send them a letter of gratitude.
But it was the dream that bothered me; the dream of blood and death and of soaring through towers of vertical glass. The face of the known and unknown woman in that dream had been mother’s face, begging me for mercy, and there had been no mercy in my heart as I tore her to pieces, I had enjoyed every second of it. In that dream I had become death. Now two detectives had shown up and mother was dead and not just dead, but murdered dead. The worst kind of dead there was.
*
I went upstairs to the second floor storage room and palmed the light on. Demea sat on a bale of cloth, hugging her knees, staring at the case containing material X.
‘What are you doing here?’ I demanded. ‘Someone could see you.’
‘It’s killed,’ she said blankly, still staring at the case. ‘I can sense it, Ahab.’
‘What are you talking about?’ I snapped, but I knew perfectly well what she was talking about. ‘Go back to your room, Demea; we’ll talk about this tonight.’
She stood up and looked at me and her eyes were large and haunted. ‘Send it back to where it came from,’ she told me as she passed me on the way to the door, ‘before it’s too late, Ahab.’
*
I received a long distance vid call from Cromby and Nice later that afternoon. They informed me they would be returning to Golgotha Falls in two weeks’ time and they expected an update as soon as they made landfall. The message had been sent a week earlier, which gave me a week before their return.
I had spent the morning in the Druid Lane police headquarters, going over an inventory of my mother’s belongings. It was a dreadful time. I had not hated my mother. I had intensely disliked her, but I had also felt sorry for her. She’d had a hard time of it with my father, a dedicated tailor who never rose above the rank of fraternity manager. His dedication kept him away from home for days, sometimes weeks on end, and mother had begun to take solace in material things; shopping, status, fashion, anything to fill the hole in life left by an absent husband.
It wasn’t supposed to end like this. Not like this. It made no sense at all. I had always assumed mother was going to live forever, meet someone else, have a second chance at happiness, whatever – but I hadn’t expected this. Murder is the most horrific of things because it is the most inexplicable. It is the chink in the human psyche, the thing that reminds us that however high we build our towers, we are, at heart, merely animals, responding to crisis the way we always have, with tooth and claw.
The police had few leads. The attack had been flawless; a professional hit right up until the moment of death. At that point the assailant seemed to have gone berserk, tearing Mrs Pantomon quite literally apart. And still there had been no clues left behind. None of the external monitors had been triggered. None of the in-house alarms had gone off, nor the motion detectors – nothing. It was as though a ghost had carried out the attack, a psychotic ghost with an insatiable appetite for destruction.
*
When I returned to the workshop from the police station a man was waiting for me in my private office. He stood up as I entered the office and reached out to shake my hand, his fingers bristling with diamond studded rings. I shook his hand and studied him closely. His suit alone must have cost in excess of twenty-five thousand credits. It was Puritan hemp and spun gold, a rare and extremely expensive combination, designed and cut by the master tailor Shang Tian. I recognized Shang’s trademark attention to minutiae. His shoes were synthetic reptile, tiny, near invisible optic plates creating a ripple of rich colours across the tapered toes.
‘I am Fostav Eugene Hul,’ said the man with a slight bow, ‘of Hul Industries. You may have heard of us.’
Everyone had heard of Hul Industries. They made the engines for the huge far-voyager ships that opened deep space paradox portals and leapt to distant stars in fractions of a second. They were one of the largest of the five big engineering corporations based in Golgotha Falls and Fostav was third grandson of the immensely powerful Hieronymus Hul, founder of the Hul dynasty. Fostav, I had heard of by reputation only. And what I had heard was not good. He was rumoured to be a philanderer first class, a scoundrel of unspeakable vileness. He participated in the legendary necrophilia orgies in Grand Babylon and was an adept of the church of Joot, the god of lasciviousness. He was, in addition, rumoured to be a member of banned cults whose practises verged on the unholy.
All this I had heard of Fostav Eugene Hul, but up until now I had never met the man. He looked to be in his late thirties, good looking, chiselled features. A lot of cosmetic work had gone into those looks. His hair was thick and black and wavy and rolled over his shoulders in exotic waves. I ordered coffee over the intercom and settling into my chair I asked Fostav what I could do for him.
‘I’m here to see the dress,’ Fostav said. ‘I’ve heard exciting things about your work, Mr. Nice.’
I frowned. ‘Do you have a dress commissioned with us?’ I asked him.
‘My fiancée ordered a wedding dress here,’ Fostav explained. ‘You’ve met her, I believe, the Princess Makera.’
The world slowly tilted away from me. If I hadn’t been sitting down I would have fallen for certain. I stared at Fostav and tried to collect my scattered wits, but my wits were having none of it. I gulped for air and loosened my tie and Fostav leapt out of his chair, a look of concern on his face.
‘Are you alright, Mr. Nice?’ he asked.
‘Fine – fine,’ I croaked, ‘touch of indigestion, been plaguing me all morning –’
Fostav nodded and sat down again. ‘Try Izilprin,’ he advised. ‘Two tablets with lime juice will take care of that.’
‘Thank you,’ I wheezed, ‘I will. Now,’ I cleared my throat nosily, ‘what were we talking about – I’m afraid I’ve lost the thread of the conversation.’
‘My bride-to-be, Princess Makera,’ Fostav reminded me as if I needed reminding. I stared at him and nodded slowly and in my mind I was killing him in a thousand excruciating ways. This heel, this monster, this sodomite and god knew what else – how could this base insect be worthy of the Princess Makera – my beloved – my heart. It was preposterous, ludicrous, absolutely insane.
I stood up. ‘The wedding dress is in final adjustment stages,’ I said. ‘It cannot be shown at this point – the actual material is being rendered as we speak. I’m sorry, Mr. Hul, but you must wait until the gown is complete before you will be allowed a final viewing.’
Fostav nodded. ‘Very well,’ he said; ‘you’re a professional, Mr. Nice; I can see that. I can see why Makera chose you. Well, I’ll leave it to you, sir. My fiancée likes you and that’s good enough for me.’
He got up and reached out to shake my hand, but I couldn’t bear to make physical contact with him so I grimaced in pain and clutched my stomach and growled, ‘Damn, this indigestion, I’ve got to get to the bathroom – you don’t mind seeing yourself out, Mr. Hul?’ and with that I dashed from the office.
*
I festered over the next day and a half. All thoughts of my mother’s murder were pushed aside by my single-minded hatred of Fostav Eugene Hul. I was inconsolable. I raged in solitude, shutting myself away from Demea, ignoring her when she pleaded with me to tell her what was wrong.
I sat for long hours in the second floor storage room, staring at Makera’s wedding dress, my heart swollen with anger and grief and a feeling of complete helplessness. Surely the princess had no idea of this man’s reputation. His antics were well known north of the meridian, but I doubted news of his exploits would have reached as far away as New Abyssinia. She must be warned. I had to go to her hotel at once and tell her all that I knew of her intended husband.
I stood up and was about to turn the computer display off when I noticed a number of flashing lights in the lower left hand corner of the grid. I stared at them. Fresh files. Demea had been busy again. I uploaded the first of the files. The wedding dress vanished, to be replaced by a flowing gown of Elysium filigree. I had never seen a dress made from Elysium filigree; it is a textile long ago abandoned by even the most masterful of tailors for it is nigh on impossible to work with. It is so fragile it tears at the slightest contact and even bruises if stared at too long. Can you imagine a fabric so delicate it can be altered simply by staring at it? Many are the wonders discovered in the far-colony worlds.
All efforts to bond Elysium filigree with other materials to add strength have failed dismally. The fabric was discovered in the ruins of a far-colony temple, preserved in two thousand year old stasis, but the secret of working with this most gorgeous of fabrics had not survived along with it, even though temple paintings depicted the most fabulous costumes woven from the filigree. The means to duplicate these costumes had long eluded the Guild of Tailors and there was a huge reward awaiting anyone who cracked the code.
Now I was staring at the solution. Demea had left precise instructions for the preparation and strengthening of Elysium filigree. It had to be immersed in carbonated water for three weeks and then dried at a specific temperature. Folded fourteen times it was then soaked for a further seventy-six hours and left to dry at exactly the same temperature as before. The results were stunning; a material dark as the night sky, the colours of conception rippling through its sinuous contours at the slightest movement. It was an absolute masterpiece and it should have left me breathless, but instead I snapped off the computer, refusing to look at the other files Demea had created. All I could think of was Makera and the mistake she was making marrying that monster, Fostav.
*
I took the district shuttle to Lower Cassiopeia, and from there caught a cab to the Hotel Javier where I knew the princess was staying, but hotel reception told me she had moved out the day before. I asked for a forwarding address, but all they gave me was a simple card upon which were written the words:
Mr. Nice 
Please do not follow me beyond this point.
In a different life we might have danced a different dance.
Love, Makera
I stared at the card and turned it this way and that in my hands, but whichever way I turned it the card still read the same. She’d gone to him, I knew; to Fostav in his pleasure palace in North Cassiopeia. She’d gone to him like a lamb to the slaughter; her innocence, the purest of lights, about to be extinguished forever. I clenched my fists and howled with rage and they had to call hotel security and have me evicted so great was my distress.
I went back to the workshop and brooded the rest of that day, waiting for the tailors to leave so I could shut up shop and brood some more. When they’d finally gone Demea came downstairs. ‘Something’s wrong,’ she said as she fixed us dinner in the kitchen, ‘something’s preying on your mind. Is it your mother?’
‘To hell with mother!’ I shrieked and she flinched at the rage in my face. I was pacing the kitchen like a mad man, half out of my mind with jealousy and rage, muttering to myself. I must have looked like a psychopath.
‘Tell me what’s wrong,’ she urged. ‘Maybe I can help you.’
‘You?’ I stared at her and something in my eyes made her shrink into herself. ‘You’re just a child,’ I scoffed. ‘What could you possibly understand about adult emotions?’
‘Is it another woman?’ she asked softly.
I stared at her. Then I picked up my dinner and in an imperious voice, I said, ‘Tonight I dine alone.’ And with that I walked out of the kitchen.
*
In the twisted mathematics of love, the offended party is always right. I was vengeful, swamped with self-pity and self-loathing. I shrank from the face in the mirror, the ragged, hungry, aging face that was the man I had become. All around me Demea was revealing the secrets of my trade, the miracle of my calling, and all I could think of was Makera and that fiend, Fustav.
*
Demea came to me that night as I sat in the basement, watching the lights of the data vault twinkle back and forth in lazy rhythm. I held a glass of wine in my hand, a bitter man’s tipple my father had always told me. Leave the wine to women and the beer goes with everything else. I suspected that father too had lost the love of his life and that mother was second prize in the race of the heart. He never said as much, but there was a look in his eyes sometimes, the way he’d stare off into space, or the way he’d glance at mother suddenly, when she wasn’t looking. Just a glance. But there were oceans of regret in his eyes. And at times like that I didn’t know who to feel sorrier for; dad who’d lost the love of his life, or mother who would forever pay the price.
I sat with my head slumped, my shoulders dropped in defeat. There was an unseated feeling in the pit of my stomach; I wasn’t in control of myself anymore. My heart ached and felt like it would never recover. I sipped wine and tasted nothing; I was chasing the high, the means was unimportant. And the more I chased that high the lower I felt.
Demea came to me and she had a mirror in her hand. An ornate mirror that looked to have been spun from beams of moonlight. I knew instinctively it was not from this world.
‘What’s that?’ I asked sullenly as she sat beside me.
She smiled. ‘When a man looks into this mirror,’ she said, ‘it reflects the face of his one true desire.’
I flinched when I heard that, staring at the mirror with mounting concern.
‘I want you to look into it,’ Demea said as she offered the mirror to me.
I turned away from her. ‘I don’t want all this hokus pokus,’ I said defensively, ‘I’ve got enough on my mind.’
‘I know,’ Demea said. ‘Your heart is no longer mine. I can sense it.’
‘Go away,’ I pleaded, ‘I want to be alone.’
‘We are alone.’
‘Just alone. Me, by myself.’
‘If you want me to leave,’ Demea replied, ‘look into the mirror, Ahab, show me that you are still mine and I will be happy and then I will leave. It is a small thing to ask of you.’
But I couldn’t look into that cursed mirror. I knew the face I would see. It would be her face, Makera’s. As angry as I was I had no particular desire to hurt Demea with this revelation. I refused to look into the mirror no matter how hard she pressed me, knowing the face I would see would not be her face, but the face of another. At last she stood up. ‘You know your own heart, Ahab,’ she said bitterly and left the basement.
*
That night I had a dream. Again I was soaring amongst the towers of Golgotha Falls; again I experienced that weightless sense of immense power, of being in absolute control of my body. I feared nothing. I challenged everything; even gravity was tamed with micro thin filaments that I spun from an opening in my spine. I was inverted, travelling along the arcs of my web lines, looking down on the myriad levels of the city below me as they vanished, like a trick of mirrors, into infinite reflection. I was filled with more than fury; I was filled with a sense of divine justice, of celestial wrath. I was rage itself, eight limbed and six eyed and slave to neither heaven nor earth.
I dreamed I was scaling unimaginably high walls, scuttling along them in defiance of physics, evading laser scanners and sonic trip wires, moving in the shadow of conning towers bristling with heavy guns. I penetrated this fortress, moving through air inflows, elongating myself; scrambling along conduits too narrow for mortal proportions. I descended into velvet darkness, soft indirect lighting, ancient tapestries hanging from textured walls. I descended into warmth and luxury and the scent of decadence.
I moved like an ill wind – scurrying along ceilings, across walls – I killed two men, armed and lazy with confidence. They died without sound. They will scream in the afterlife, I am certain.
A room. Golden doors opening into such luxury as I have never seen, dreaming or awake. I ignore the décor, I hone in on the flesh.
Fostav Eugene Hul knows his time has come. He screams, but no sound will emerge. He pleads in mime. His voice has fled him; his terror strikes him mute. He pleads with his hands, his eyes, and I laugh and I tear him limb from limb and scatter his remains around the room, still laughing, for my heart is on fire with this harvest of blood and I know now that I am death incarnate.
*
I woke from this dream still laughing and then I became very afraid. I sat up in bed and Demea was not there. I left the room and went to the second floor storage room, an ominous sense of foreboding filling the pit of my stomach. This time I knew it had been no dream.
Demea was sitting in the storage room, staring at the silver case in the corner. The case containing material X.
‘It’s killed again,’ she whispered without looking around at me.
‘What is it?’ I asked, my voice husky with fear.
‘It is the skin of evil,’ she whispered, ‘the afterbirth of behemoth.’
Her words made no sense. I asked her to explain herself, but she would say no more.
‘Get rid of it,’ was all she would say, ‘it does not belong in this world.’
*
It was on all the news channels that day and for the rest of the week. Fostav Eugene Hul, grandson of the industrial trillionaire, Hieronymus Hul, had been horrifically murdered in what police were describing as “…An act of complete barbaric savagery.”
I watched the vid channels and the holo updates and I felt cold and empty as the details of the murder were released detail by excruciating detail. It was material X. I knew it in my heart. I didn’t know how it was possible, but somehow the material had fed off my emotions; acting as the executioner of my deepest uncontrolled desires.
I was horrified. I was appalled. Mother. Fostav. Both unwitting receptacles of my rage and both dead at the hands of a psychotic murderer, and what was rage if not a psychotic emotion? It had been my rage that had sent the material out, my rage that had shaped it and brought it mercilessly down upon those I raged against.
*
I visited the second floor storage room often throughout that long day, staring blankly at the silver case in the corner. Material X lay within, waiting for my emotions to send it out on another murder spree. I was terrified, and yet, at the same time, I was strangely content. Fostav was dead. My competitor had fallen. The marriage to Makera could not go through; the future had once more become rosy with possibilities
It was a terrible feeling, an unworthy feeling, but I am human, after all. I did not consciously will this thing to happen. I had raged as countless people rage daily, and I had been content to carry on raging until the fires of rage were all burnt out and then I would have fallen into cynicism, just as countless people do every day. But I would not, under any circumstances, have resorted to murder.
And yet I had murdered, in the most bizarre way imaginable. The murder weapon had been my own emotions and I could not take the blame upon myself. I was an unwitting accomplice, a victim of circumstances. I knew nothing about material X and even if the constabulary could prove a link between these crimes and myself, what would they charge me with?
I felt calmer now. The rage was spent. My initial shock was over. My mind was thawing. I was beginning to think about the positives and not just the negatives. It hadn’t worked out so badly after all. In a way I had spared the Princess Makera a lifetime of misery with the death of the heinous Fostav Eugene Hul. In a way I had spared myself a lifetime of misery with the death of Elena Patricia Pantomon, my mother. The Burga have another saying that seems appropriate for the occasion; a moment’s rage, spent wisely, can buy a lifetime of peace.
*
The mysterious stranger arrived that night to collect his material. I was peculiarly reluctant to part with it. I had formed an attachment with material X that could not be explained, as though I owed it for taking my life in hand and altering it for the better. In a way it had not been I that had tailored the cloth, but vice versa.
‘From the news reports I’ve been hearing,’ the stranger said with a twinkle in his eye, ‘I would say you’ve formed quite a bond with our mysterious material X.’
‘You knew what it was capable of,’ I said accusingly, ‘and you didn’t warn me?’
The man shrugged. ‘Some people the material bonds with and some it doesn’t,’ he said with a smile. ‘I saw no reason to alarm you unduly.’
‘What are you going to do with it?’ I asked. ‘Why did you want Lady Desdemona’s specs?’
‘The less you know the better,’ the man said and there was such a note of warning in his voice that I fell instantly silent. The man bowed and said, ‘You’ve been of some great service to me, sir, I trust we will not meet again,’ and he turned on his heel and left the workshop.
*
‘I’m glad it’s gone,’ Demea said from the top of the stairs. ‘I’m glad he’s gone.’
‘What do you know about him?’ I asked her.
She came down into the workshop. She had been crying; her eyes were red and puffy and there were dried tear tracks down her face. ‘I know he’ll use that material for nothing good,’ she said. ‘You shouldn’t have accepted it from him in the first place, Ahab.’
‘Then I wouldn’t have found you,’ I said.
‘I have been to this place many times before,’ Demea replied softly. ‘You did not find me, Ahab; it is I that found you, in your dreams. I was the wife whose face you could never see. I fell in love with your dreams, Ahab; they were once such simple dreams. You don’t dream like that anymore. You’ve changed and the change is not for the better.’
‘We all change,’ I told her. ‘That’s what it is to be human.’
‘We grow,’ Demea said, ‘or we shrink. I think you have shrunk a little since the first time I met you.’
I shrugged. ‘Well,’ I said, ‘that’s material X out of our lives. Maybe things will become normal round here.’ I spoke these words, but my mind was on Makera. I would call her tomorrow; offer my condolences, refuse to charge her for the dress. Of course she would insist and I would refuse firmly, but politely. It would make a good impression.
*
The next day, before I had a chance to contact Princess Makera, Tumi, her bodyguard, turned up at the workshop. The usually robust hero looked shrunken today, withered by some terrible emotion that plagued him. His eyes were haunted, his lips parched, his suit a size too big for him. I assumed this was a consequence of Fostav’s death; perhaps Tumi blamed himself.
‘I heard about the death of Fostav Hul,’ I told Tumi as soon as I saw him; ‘I wish to extend my condolences to the princess. I know it must have come as a great shock.’
Tumi silently held out a cheque. I waved it away. ‘I can’t accept that,’ I told him. ‘The dress was meant for a wedding, and now there will be no wedding, I fear.’
Tumi let the cheque fall from his fingers and I watched it flutter all the way to the floor. ‘Perhaps there will be a wedding in the afterlife,’ he told me.
‘What do you mean?’ I asked, bending to retrieve the cheque. I saw it was to the value of twenty-five thousand credits, a substantial sum of money.
‘The princess died in the early hours of the morning,’ Tumi said woodenly and the cheque went fluttering back down to the ground again. ‘She threw herself out of the window of her suite and fell to her death seventeen stories below. She wanted you to have this, I believe. I found it amongst her personal effects.’ He handed me a card and I took it mutely, a silent scream shredding around my head. I was filled with a sense of collapsing inwards, as though all the things that had ever held Ahab Anticulus Pantomon together were slowly coming apart.
I stared down at the card as Tumi left the office.
I alone know the forces you set against my intended 
I alone bear the horror of this betrayal 
Oh, sweet mother, what rage lies in the hearts of men?
 How can I live with this horror, this pain? 
This night I will dance with my ancestors 
Makera
A dam wall collapsed within and pure grief burst upon me, despair such as I have never known, guilt that burnt me to the core. I was ravaged by the enormity of that single card, those simple words – she knew. In the end she knew it had been me. She had gone to her death despising me and my weakness and I would spend a lifetime knowing that in the end Makera, my beloved, had hated me.
What had I done? What in the names of the gods had I done?I wept and raged and I tore the office apart in my grief and the apprentice tailors tried to calm me, but I sent them away with curses. I demanded they leave, go home; the workshop was closed for the day.
When all was empty and the last of the apprentice tailors had departed, I ran upstairs to my bedroom. Demea sat on the bed. She held the mirror in her hand as though she had been waiting for me, face blank, her eyes without emotion.
‘I want to see her,’ I wailed. ‘I want to see the desire of my heart; I want to see my beloved one last time. Oh, Gods, what have I done?’ I snatched the mirror out of Demea’s lifeless fingers and stared into it with mindless determination. I held it in shaking hands and stared, my red, swollen eyes willing her to appear, willing Makera’s sacred features to replace my own worn out wreck of a face. I wanted to beg her for forgiveness, to plead with her not to hate me. I was mad with pain, racked by guilt.
And then she was there, staring up at me, her high regal brow, her smoky eyes, her lips small and fragile; her skin so brown, so bejewelled with light.
‘Makera,’ I whispered, ‘my beauty, my love – forgive me – forgive me my rage, my jealousy, my pettiness – I was unworthy of you – please forgive me –’
But the image did not reply, instead it faded slowly away and then the mirror shattered in my hand and I dropped it with a cry of despair. I turned to Demea but Demea was gone. I gasped in disbelief. Makera was sitting on the bed, wearing Demea’s clothes, staring at me with undisguised contempt. I fell to my knees, my jaw unhinged, my eyes bulging out of their sockets.
‘This is the face of the woman you desire,’ Makera said, but her voice was the voice of Demea. ‘This is the lie you led me to believe and I gave you my love without condition. You said I could wear a face of my own choosing and I showed you my secret face and you spurned me, Ahab. I showed you the secrets of your trade and you spurned me. I would have given you happiness everlasting, but you chased things that could never be and in the end you have nothing, Ahab, but the ashes of your dreams and the bitter gall of your folly.’
It was Demea, but transformed. She was Makera now, down to the smallest detail. And yet it was Demea that stared at me out of those almond shaped eyes, it was Demea that spoke to me through those perfectly formed lips. ‘You are a petty man,’ she said, ‘a small man, with a small man’s idea of greatness. You are not worthy of a daughter of Morn, Ahab.’
She got to her feet and as she left the room, I cried out, ‘Demea, please, I’ve been foolish. I’ve been unworthy of you in every way. Please, don’t leave – I do love you – I’ve always loved you – please –’
Demea looked back at me through Makera’s eyes and there was such scorn in that look that I fell silent at once and lowered my own eyes to the ground.
‘You dare to beg for that which was given to you freely. You have turned your face from a banquet of pleasures, Ahab Pantomon. The banquet is never offered twice.’
And with that she left the room and my life forever.
*
I leapt to my feet in an instant and pursued her out into the passage, but Demea had gone. There was no trace of her anywhere. I raced up to the secret door on the second floor and into the attic room and there I found the toolbox empty. There was no key. When I tried to find the outline of the door that led to Copper Lane I found that too was missing. It was as though the doorway had never existed, as though I had dreamed the whole thing. I pounded on the wall and screamed Demea’s name, pleading for her to return, but the walls echoed my own words back at me in cold mockery.
*
I returned to the second floor storage room. My computer was the only object left in the room and when I switched it on I found the memory empty. All Demea’s designs had been erased, her secret theorems, her miraculous solutions, all gone, as though they’d never existed. I would have wept if I’d had any tears left to shed. Instead I went back down to the workshop and sat on the weathered sofa, the one I’d shared so many nights with Demea, and I placed my head in my hands and rocked gently backwards and forwards, crooning the words to an old Nakadian love song.
I loathed myself so thoroughly. I hated myself to the nth degree. I had lost love twice in the same day; one imagined - one real. Demea could have been the key to everlasting happiness if only I had accepted her for what she was.
It was too late. All too late. I was doomed to a life of mediocrity. I had let greatness slip through my fingers and ruined so many lives in the process. What was there left to live for? I was born to be a loser and a loser I would remain all my days. As far as I was concerned I’d had my one shot at redemption and I’d blown it.
I went to bed that night after seven failed attempts at suicide. It wasn’t that the methodology wasn’t sound; it was just that, in the end, I couldn’t go through with it. Self-termination took more courage than I possessed and so I went to bed with noose marks around my throat and slash marks on my wrists and the floor littered with aborted suicide notes and I thought bitterly: ‘Great, Ahab, you can’t even do that right.’
I fell asleep literally shaking with self-loathing and that night I once again had the dream of soaring amongst towers, spinning web lines ahead of me, and this time I recognised the neighbourhood over which I soared; it was the Old Silk district, the houses and shops instantly familiar even from this altitude. I was moving with that familiar sense of exhilaration, of closing in on a hated enemy, ready to tear flesh apart, to paint the walls with the blood of my prey. I was dropping down onto a rooftop, scrambling up a steep slope to rest upon the spine. I was near my prey, so very near. There were no security systems to avoid, no armed bodyguards to neutralise, it was simple; so simple I had time to pause, to savour the moment –
I went to a window and peered through. It was a bedroom window; moonlight spilling through to illuminate the face of my sleeping victim. He looks so familiar, this man, like looking into a mirror at my own reflection –
*
I wake with a start. I stare at my bedroom window, but there is nothing out there. I listen hard, but I can hear nothing unusual. The workshop is quiet. Not even the dogs bark in the distance. The night is still.
My skin crawls with terror. A thousand thoughts crash through my brain. What if I’m still connected to material X somehow? What if it’s still tuned to my rage? What if it interprets my suicide attempts, my self-hatred, as just another mission? What if I’m to be the final victim of my own wrath?
I whimper with dread. I lie in bed, listening, unable to move, paralysed with terror. I listen.
- Listen-
There – a sound – a scuttling, insect sound, something coming down through the skylight in the passage outside – oh, gods, not me, not me – please don’t let it have come for me –
I hear it – outside the door – just outside the door – so close – so close – not me – not Pantomon, not like this – not like this –
TRIAL OF A SPIDER
COGNITIA
They make me wait in an antechamber. I am unaccustomed to waiting and so I amuse myself by sitting very still and counting the wall panels around me. By the time they come back in I have counted nine thousand, four hundred and thirty-six panels, and taken note of seven avenues of escape.
The officials of the court are uneasy in my presence. They hum and hah and seem uncertain how to address me without causing offence.
‘You are Lady Genevieve Desdemona, known also as The Spider,’ the taller of the two men has a voice that vibrates pleasantly around the room. I admire his bone structure; high cheekbones, a well sculptured jaw. He is from the district of Gemini, I believe. His accent places him north of the meridian and his bearing is much like the aristocracy of Gemini Major.
‘I am.’ I stand, looking down on him from a height, smiling as he cross checks his holographic forms. Busy-busy bee, what would such a man be without his precious forms?
‘How are you being represented?’ the smaller of the two men asks and I notice he will not meet my eye. Their fear is tangible and thick in the room, their blood and soft parts pulse behind a thin veil of flesh, and I am close enough to feel the heat of their longing, their dread and their guilt. It would be a small thing to reach out and snatch their troubled little lives from them.
‘I will represent myself,’ I tell the smaller man, the one who will not meet my eye.
The officials look at each other and I sense a single thought crossing the synaptic void between them: madness. Who but a mad woman would possibly dream of defending herself against charges as serious as these?
‘Uhm,’ the taller man clears his throat noisily, ‘madam, that may not in fact be to your best advantage – you see, the charges against you are quite grievous –’
‘Quite grievous, quite grievous,’ mumbles his colleague and I look from one to the other and back again.
‘A Seraph, the second highest order of divinity, has been slain…’ the first official starts to explain.
‘I am aware of the charges,’ I tell him, ‘and I still insist upon defending myself.’
‘Very well, madam,’ the first official nods like a badly controlled puppet. ‘If you would – if you could – uhm – sign these forms, they confirm that you are aware of the nature – uhm – the specific nature of the – uh – the said – uhm - charges against you…’
I sign the forms with a flourish, impatient with their blessed procedures. ‘How long am I to be kept waiting?’ I demand. ‘I have given my account to the ward of records, what more do you require of me?’
‘It’s not a requirement exactly?’ the short one begins.
‘Then what is it’ I snap, ‘exactly?’
‘A voluntary neural scan is – uhm - asked for - in the case of all –’ the tall one stammers before I again cut him off.
‘I will not submit myself to a neural scan, gentlemen. That’s final. May I remind you of article 12, section 2, sub-section 6 of the divine penal code “…A god or goddess has full privilege of refusal in the event of any procedure that requires she or he to compromise their aforementioned right to psychological privacy as laid out in article 3, section 5, sub-section 7 of the divine citizen’s charter.” ’ There is, of course, no such proviso, but who has the time to check the details these days?
The Gemini squeaks, ‘but such a refusal will weaken your case…’ I can see his mind ticking over like an unexploded bomb.
I hasten to disarm him before it goes off. ‘Then so it shall,’ I say, my voice conveying the full force of my divine authority.
Both men visibly shrink into themselves. ‘Very well, madam,’ says the smaller one, his voice barely registering above a whisper, ‘you are free to go. You will be informed in due course of the date of the hearing.’
I thank them courteously as I leave the antechamber and as I pass them I feel their bodies stiffen, their little minds snap tight, hearts quickening like the pitter-patter paws of panicked mice – such is the effect I have on mortals. Such are the charms of the Spider.
*
Really, these things are a formality, no more. I was ambushed by two Seraph; their intent was to kill me. I was fully justified in using lethal force whilst defending myself, as open and shut a case as any you’re likely to find. Or so you would think. But justice must be seen to be done, especially amongst the gods. Such incidences have become the flashpoints for long and bloody vendettas and I know the divine judiciary will move fast to prevent this from becoming just such a crisis. I am not above the law, I have never claimed to be above the law, and I have come here to the City of Gods to set the record straight.
*
Quite an achievement, Cognitia, known colloquially as the City of Gods, most lavish of all the districts of Golgotha Falls, and why wouldn’t it be? It is after all the dwelling place of divine aristocracy, the nesting heart of celestial ego. The entire district is built on a series of colossal platforms known as arc barges that hang suspended twelve and a half kilometres above the earth, higher than even the tallest of Golgotha’s majestic parent towers. It is a true sky city, a feat to equal any of the wonders of the ancient earth. Cognitia glitters day and night like a fabulous jewel in the heavens above Golgotha Falls, in every way a reminder that this is the pinnacle of human achievement, that this is the ceiling above which there can be no other.
*
A heaven we have spun from the baser metals of our earth, a new-age Jerusalem that can be seen from any quarter in the city, and every man, woman and child must look upwards, as they do in prayer, in order to behold beautiful Cognitia, home to divinity. No metaphysical heaven this, no Elysium of the imagination. It is a physical monument to the gods; an all-seeing, all-knowing, city of sublime capitals and turquoise onion turrets, a city of upward flowing waterfalls and pleasure gardens in paradoxical free-fall, a city of summer lakes and floating pagodas and white and blue marbled temples.
In fair Cognitia plasma towers and jade pyramids rise like geometric mountains out of the permanence of indigo cloudbanks. Bridges and garden tiers shimmer like the articulations of a distant mirage. It is the most splendid of the city’s many pleasure districts, and truly the most terrible, for here is collected all the might of Golgotha’s divinity. Here in this sky city of wonderful edifices and aching beauty dwells the very heart of tyranny.
*
A beggar first greets me in this city of splendours, a celestial dropout called Hipiscius. Quite a transient soul, old Hipiscius, and very dear to me, these days he lives in a cardboard tent on the Boulevard of Vanities, an avenue that is, in every other way, an absolute feast for the senses.
Let me describe the Boulevard of Vanities. Everywhere one looks luscious gardens spill over ornate balconies fat as the bosoms of colonial madams. One sees buildings designed around the motions of dance, the juxtaposition of spheres. There are no hard edges, no right angles, no masculine counterpoints. Everything is imbued with a delicious sense of the feminine, great picture windows like the teasing eyes of virgin brides, columns smooth as the hips of Bantu dancers.
I am in awe of the decadence, the dazzling splendour, and quite startled by this tiny vagabond god peeping his head through the curtains of a tumbledown dwelling, hailing me with a wink and an audacious smile. Amidst all this infinite luxury he looks quite the most ludicrous thing in the world.
They say to beware nimble-minded Hipiscius, an elder god who periodically reduces himself to ashes and despair, only to rise again into wealth and prominence. He mocks his own divinity, makes light of his great age, and is one of the most enigmatic gods I know, a fault for which I dearly love him. For now he has chosen to live out on the open street in a cardboard tent, begging alms from passers-by. A watching and listening post, largely ignored by all, seldom interfering in the finer politics of his brother and sister divinities.
I enter his dwelling, crouching low as I pass through the curtains of the tent, raising my head in a spacious boudoir that in no way matches the tiny wind-torn exterior. The ceiling of the tent is at least a metre above my head and is made of the finest embroidered silk, a diamond chandelier hanging from a gold bracket in the centre. The floor is strewn with expensive off-world carpets, fat bellied hookahs sitting on tables of finest teak, inlaid with real emeralds; it is a perverse thrill, entering into this minor wonderland, and I applaud the old conjurer with four hands.
‘Hipiscius, dear brother,’ I say, ‘I never know what to expect each time I meet you.’
‘Expect the unexpected, distrust routine.’ Hipiscius hurries around the tent, preparing sweet treats and spicy asides for me.
‘What news do you have for me?’ I settle on a luxurious divan that perfectly matches my eccentric proportions, graciously accepting the aperitifs he offers me on a silver tray. The sweets are delicious and I confess I make quite a beast of myself.
Hipiscius sighs, ‘What news, what news.’ He settles onto a deep cushion opposite me, ‘What news indeed. Do you know what this is, dear sister; this thing I present to you?’ He hands me an object from a small jewelled box. ‘Pretty, isn’t it?’
‘A pair of antique glasses,’ I shake my head, ‘of what significance is this?’ I turn the object over in my hands; a simple pair of clear-glass lenses set in an ornate silver frame. The frame is somewhat intriguing and I peer closely at it, taking note of the tiny chevrons marked around the edges, near microscopic markings that might have been settings. The frames appear to rotate, but when I try to turn them they remain locked.
‘Spectacles,’ Hipiscius says. ‘Admittedly there’s nothing that spectacular about them, but the secret is all in the working.’
‘And how do they work?’
Hipiscius takes the spectacles from me and perches them on the end of his nose.
‘Voilà!’ he grins, blinking at me through the lenses.
‘Very funny,’ I sigh.
‘I procured them in Creeptown,’ he says taking them off, ‘our very own lost district of Jericho.’
‘You’ve been to Creeptown?’ I’m impressed and do not try to hide it. I’ve always held a morbid dislike for the place. Even the name provokes an involuntary shudder. Hipiscius holds no such qualms. ‘Been there,’ he boasts, ‘and what a splendidly perverse place it is too. You must avail yourself of its pleasures, Desi, don’t just take my word for it. You can acquire all manner of whatchamacallits from the Cirque Jalal – anything can be gained and everything can be lost, it’s a gambler’s paradise and a logician’s nightmare.’
I laugh at his description. But I’m being frank when I say Jericho is no laughing matter.
*
Jericho, fifty-first district of Golgotha Falls, had been swallowed a century and a half earlier by a phenomenon known as a Grant’s Parallelism. A Grant’s Parallelism, I should explain, is a micro tear in the fabric of space and time, a mini black hole as it were. It was created by the reckless use of Paradox weapons at the end of the Damascus war and led directly to the banning of this technology during the 631 Convention. But all that came too late for Jericho. The Grant’s Parallelism severed the district’s moorings in physical space, collapsing it into – nothing – no trace of the district remained, not so much as a speck of dust. Seventy thousand people disappeared in the twinkling of an eye, torn from this universe and cast upon the furthest shores of speculation. It was one of the single largest disasters in Golgotha Falls’ millennia-old history.
The story, however, did not quite end there. 
A century after the disappearance of Jericho, semi-stable black holes began to appear at random throughout the city. These singularity points ranged in size from microscopic to portal sized and the larger ones came to be known as paradox portals. Most appeared and disappeared within micro-seconds; others lingered for hours, sometimes days, before collapsing back in upon themselves, but some of the portals remained stable for years, decades even, decaying only gradually and giving plenty of warning before the inevitable collapse.
To discover what lay on the other side probes were first sent through the quasi-permanent portals, and when these failed to return condemned prisoners were given an opportunity to win their freedom. The prisoners also failed to return, and so volunteers were next sent through, and when they eventually reappeared it was to announce that they had indeed discovered the long lost district of Jericho, whereupon they collapsed in a fit and had to be permanently sectioned. The diagnosis; irreversible dementia.
The paradox portals proved that Jericho still existed somewhere, but when the first pioneers rediscovered this vanished district they found it had changed beyond all recognition, transformed by the paradox wave that had sheared it free of physical space a century and a half earlier. Jericho has since come to be known as Creeptown.
*
‘These spectacles,’ Hipiscius tells me, ‘are part of a matching pair, but to acquire the other part of the equation I’m afraid you’re going to have to travel to Creeptown yourself, my dear. When the two are brought together they’ll be of some use to you, until then consider them a gift,’ he hands the spectacles back to me and flashes a grin, ‘a token of my esteem for you.’
‘And what happens when both pairs are brought together?’ I am growing more and more intrigued by this cunning little object; spectacles, yet more than spectacles according to Hipiscius. How I love these little intrigues.
‘I don’t want to spoil the surprise,’ Hipiscius shrugs. ‘I got them off the great Madeline, my personal contact in Jericho, almost twenty years ago today. I’ve been holding onto them ever since.’
I frown, ‘What manner of creature is this Madeline?’
‘Not a god, absolutely not a god,’ Hipiscius shakes his head emphatically; ‘something more, something downright…’ he gives a small shudder, ‘spooky.’
‘Odessa?’
He shrugs, ‘Let’s just call her infinitely complex and leave it at that.’
‘Then I accept your gift in the spirit it was given.’ I’m surprised at how pleased I am with this little acquisition. He hands me a case and I carefully place the spectacles inside, snapping the case closed and slipping it into a shoulder pouch.
I am curious as I sip the tea Hipiscius pours for me. It is hot and smooth as saffron and I enjoy the feel of it sliding down my throat, warming my belly.
‘Tell me, brother,’ my eyes are half closed, entranced by the wicked seductions of light in this tent, ‘why do you abandon your rank and status, periodically renouncing all you’ve gained; why reduce yourself to pavement dwelling?’
Hipiscius shrugs and his soft brown eyes grow serious. ‘I met the Gaya,’ he puts such feeling into this strange word that I raise my head and stare at him.
‘The Gaya?’
‘The Gaya,’ repeats Hipiscius. ‘The Gaya will take your pain away, Desi, and gift you with absolution. Don’t you want to be absolved? Isn’t that the craving in your belly you so often mistake for hunger?’
‘From what do I wish to be absolved, dear brother?’
‘From everything.’
‘Then no, I do not wish to be absolved. I refuse to be judged and I have not asked for forgiveness, nor ever shall.’
‘Ah,’ Hipiscius brushes a flop of hair from his brow, ‘then your burden is not so very great, Desdemona.’
‘It is my burden,’ I assure him.
‘And graciously you bear it.’ Hipiscius stirs his tea with a tiny mother-of-pearl spoon, blowing steam from the surface the way a child will, unselfconscious, his eyes twinkling with mischief. ‘There are infinite points of view in this great city of ours,’ he declares rather mysteriously. ‘Invisible eyes watching our every virtue, our every depravity, and we go about our lives oblivious to this phenomenon, never aware we are being observed.’
Strange words, almost paranoid, at the time they hold no special meaning, but it is later, much later, that I am to realise the full significance of them; infinite points of view, invisible eyes watching our every virtue, our every depravity. Yes. Words I have not since forgotten. But at the time I ignore them.
‘Do you have anything else for me?’ I ask Hipiscius.
‘That’s your lot,’ he laughs, and then immediately corrects himself. ‘Oh yes, there was one other thing. Yes-yes, mustn’t forget that other thing. You see, that’s the problem with me, I can remember things given to me years ago and yet forget a simple conversation I had this morning. There’s a message from the Nords, something about a banquet tonight in Valhalla. They heard you were in town so maybe they’re being friendly, but I wouldn’t recommend you turn your back, Desi, that lot can be a little unpredictable…’
‘Nonsense,’ I tell him, ‘the Nords are the few people I trust in this city.’
‘Trust is good,’ Hipiscius nods, ‘but watch that Loki fellow, he’s a sly one.’
‘Will you attend?’ I ask him.
‘I’m vegetarian,’ Hipiscius wrinkles his nose. ‘There’s nothing but meat and mead at those feasts, but I’ll listen to the fates, perhaps they’ll let slip their plans for you. Visit me again, sister, I may have more messages anon.’
THE GODS OF VALHALLA
Whilst in the City of Gods I reside at the Grand Inn of Mortalities, a pleasant enough establishment, owned by the demigod and self-styled aristocrat, Ozzymandiah. Oz, as he’s colloquially known, is a close friend of Djoba’s, and my familiar has managed to procure a generous discount on my behalf. I stay in a splendid little suite with personal attendants and a scented bath that is filled each morning with expensive Yombi oils and crushed Rose petals. This arrangement presents me with an opportunity to unwind before the hearing, to surrender my flesh to the discounted luxuries on offer after weeks of stress.
*
My wardrobe catches up with me a day after I arrive in Cognitia, personally accompanied by Djoba himself. As usual he is delighted to see me and acts as though we have been separated for weeks instead of mere hours. After judiciously scanning my rooms for bugs he tries to embrace me, ‘Mother!’ he squeals, but I push him impatiently away and so he starts bouncing up and down on the bed, trying his level best to irritate me. Like a child he’ll do anything to attract my attention and it’s testimony to the strength of the bed that it’s able to withstand his five hundred kilo mass.
‘Doesn’t all this opulence make you want to redecorate the castle?’ he cries. ‘Doesn’t it just bring out the interior designer in you, Mother?’
‘It brings out nothing of the sort,’ I snap. ‘Get off the bed, Djoba, and give me a stat report, you know, the one I asked for.’
Djoba can’t resist a last somersault that flips him off the bed and lands him neatly on the palms of his hands. He hurries across to me and plonks himself down at my feet.
‘Your tailors say they want full settlement on your tab or they’re withholding your summer wardrobe –’ he begins.
‘Bastards,’ I howl, ‘despicable wretches, but so damned talented. Pay them, Djoba, but pay them grudgingly. Let them know I’m royally pissed off.’
‘Oh, they’ll know, they’ll know,’ Djoba assures me. ‘They’ve been getting tighter on payments ever since their foreman, Ahab Pantomon, was murdered.’
‘That was weeks ago,’ I huff. ‘You’d have thought they’d have found a replacement by now.’
Djoba purses his lips. ‘Good foremen are hard to come by,’ he replies, ‘and frankly I found Ahab a lot easier to deal with than C&N themselves.’
‘Anything else?’ I enquire.
‘The new plumbers say they can’t get insurance to cover repairs at our altitude. Apparently the castle’s too high.’
‘So what the hell am I supposed to do?’ I demand, ‘bring the castle down to them? Who were the last plumbers we used?’
‘Gone out of business, I’m afraid.’ Djoba frowns, ‘I’ll keep looking, but I might have to shell out a bit more. Anyway, your divine royalties are due, so we’ll have a little more financial flex. Ah, that reminds me, the bank called whilst you were gone…’
I stop him with an exaggerated groan. ‘Give me some good news,’ I plead.
Djoba chortles. ‘The church has forwarded a hundred thousand credits to your account,’ he says: ‘raised in last month’s donations. The bank just called to confirm receipt.’
I sigh with relief. ‘Good old Father Fabian,’ I murmur, sending out a silent prayer of thanks to the head of my church, ‘the man’s an angel.’
‘We like Fabian,’ Djoba nods. ‘Faith is a never ending source of revenue.’
‘I like the man,’ I retort, ‘not just the funds he raises. Although I have to say they come in rather handy as well.’
‘Well,’ Djoba gives me a lop-sided grin, ‘it’s all looking pretty stable, mother. As for the hearing, I’ve consulted with a number of legal experts and they all think it highly unwise you defend yourself.’
‘It makes me look reckless,’ I purr.
‘I see,’ Djoba appears doubtful, ‘and that’s a good thing, is it?’
‘The more unpredictable I appear, the more nervous they get.’
‘They, mother?’
‘The ones that want me dead.’
‘Any idea who they might be?’
‘Not yet,’ I admit, ‘which is why you’re going to snoop around, use your contacts in this cursed district, try to bring me some fresh leads.’
‘I’m on it, Mother,’ Djoba springs to his hands and salutes me with his toes. ‘Only, what exactly am I snooping around for?’
‘The Seraph,’ I growl. ‘I want to know what prompted their attack on me.’
‘And so you shall, Mother,’ Djoba promises me, ‘so you shall.’
When the door closes behind him I set about choosing a costume for tonight’s banquet.
*
A rainbow sky-bridge soars half a kilometre above the forest gardens of Asgaard. This is the main approach to Valhalla, home to the Nordic god clan known as the Æsir. The bridge is called Birfröst and joins the main thoroughfares of Cognitia with Odin’s impregnable fortress city.
Birfröst provides me with a pleasant enough stroll amongst low lying clouds, its gem encrusted concourse refracting and scattering light, which in turn creates the bridge’s famous rainbow effect. Below me, through breaks in the cloud, I glimpse thick forest canopies, perforated here and there by milk white spires and emerald cupolas, and in the distance, rising above the forest like a sombre dream, the raven black towers and mighty walls of Valhalla itself.
Heavily armoured warrior women guard the entrance to Valhalla; they are Valkyrie and serve as enforcers for the House of Odin. Narrow slits in their face visors reveal the steel blue of their gaze as they watch my approach, battle-axes crossed to bar the way. They sit astride winged war horses, densely muscled stallions with blazing eyes and flame red manes, massive wings folded back along their flanks. The horses are simulacrums, much like my Nightmares; artificial creatures engineered from mythical templates, capable of flight and designed to withstand the most hostile of climates.
As I near the mounted warriors I fold my arms across my chest and bow as ritual demands. ‘Sisters in divinity,’ I announce, ‘I am Lady Desdemona of the House of Arachnids. I stand before you, a guest tonight of mighty Odin, Lord of all Valhalla. Will you grant me entrance?’
‘Noble Desdemona, also known as the Spider,’ one of the Valkyrie replies, her voice echoing around me like sudden icefall, ‘fellow warrior and sister in divinity, Odin awaits you in Bilskirnir. Find peace and sanctuary within.’
I bow again and the warrior women retract their axes and move their charges from my path.
*
The fortress city of Valhalla is a masterpiece in stonework. Its statues are legion; gods and wood nymphs, satyrs and centaurs, heroes and daemons, soaring, capering, dancing along the battlements; spinning amongst the sombre towers. It is as though the artists have somehow neutralised the gravity of stone, releasing something weightless and ethereal in their creations.
The buildings of Valhalla are epic in scale, vast enough to contain entire armies, the walls decorated with the bones of vanquished foe. Overhead, arches of quartz and bridges of mica add a certain crystalline elegance to the phallic turrets and thrusting towers they link. In every courtyard, ancient oak trees, vast as wooded basilicas, have taken stoic root, and I am surprised to see illuminated windows and oval doors in their gnarled boughs; surprised and delighted for there is a certain wonder at seeing light shine forth from the interior of a tree.
I walk boldly up to the massive doors of the main palace. Two warriors, battle scarred and stout as bears, unbolt the doors and swing them wide as I approach. I enter Bilskirnir, one of Valhalla’s principle mead halls, and I am at once engulfed by the warmth, the stench, the uproar, the sheer vitality of this most Nordic of banquets.
*
There must be a thousand warriors attending tonight’s banquet, drunk to a man, laughing, fighting, cheering, filled with sodden gusto and general good will. These are the Einherjar, symbolically known as the heroic dead, mortals cloned from the cream of Golgotha’s fighting stock, foresworn to defend the House of Valhalla on the day of Ragnarok, the mythical last battle of the gods.
The ceiling is covered with thousands of overlapping shields that resemble the scaly flesh of a huge dragon, chandeliers made of human skulls, ravens hunched in the rafters, staring down at the festivities below with an opportunistic eye. Fires roar and fume in the great hearths, large wolfhounds squatting in their blazing warmth, gnawing on bones cast from the banqueting tables.
In one part of the hall brightly coloured jesters wearing stag heads and bearskin robes cartwheel and somersault off the furniture in a fine and garish display of gymnastics, using each other’s bodies as leverage to launch their own flesh through the air. In another place bards recite epic battle poems from Heimskringla and the Prose Edda, summoning the ghosts of long ago deeds whilst minstrels strike the appropriate cords on ancient string instruments. Here and there dancing girls writhe and twist in feral passion, faces and bodies daubed with blue and red pigments, matching the hearth flames with the blazing intensity of their dance.
The entire hall falls silent as I stride towards the main banqueting table and the Einherjar, momentarily sobered by my presence, shuffle from my path, staring at me in sullen fascination. They are seasoned warriors, one and all. They wear the look of men who have seen too much and grown old too young. I hear the rattle of armour, the creak of animal hide as they close ranks behind me, sweat, mead, and testosterone mingling to form a potent aroma.
At the main table I bow before Lord Odin, master of Valhalla, and in keeping with ritual, first pronounce his honoured lineage before requesting sanctuary beneath his roof.
‘Yes, yes and thrice damned yes,’ Odin roars. He powers out of his chair and snatching a goblet of mead from the table, downs it in a single swallow, hurling the goblet over his right shoulder and thundering, ‘Desdemona, warrior queen, sister goddess, you honour me with your presence, at last, a god straight from the old school. The House of Valhalla welcomes you as one of its blessed own.’
And one thousand warriors roar their approval and thump their chests in salutation and bowing again before the chief god of Valhalla, I take my place at the high table.
*
Odin is a giant of a god, standing nine and half feet tall and weighing over half a tonne. His face reminds me of a weather beaten landscape, brows knitted together over a solitary green eye, the other a yawning pit in his face. His once fiery beard is tinged heavily with grey and braided to a fine point. The rest of his face is nothing more than mobile scar tissue.
He carves a slice from the rump of a roasted boar and delivers it into a plate that a servant sets before me. ‘Eat, sister,’ he instructs fondly, ‘you’re amongst friends.’
Beside him sits Thor, his eldest son. He is a moody, unpredictable warrior, given to long bouts of depression and violent seizures. He has upon him the berserker curse; mutated genes triggered by his own very worst rages, transforming him into a killing machine on the field of battle. Today Thor seems in relatively high spirits as he chats to his brother Tyr, a handsome Nord with eyes the colour of distant mountains.
To my left sits Loki; enigmatic and cunning, narrow features, hawkish eyes that observe everything whilst appearing to see nothing. He eats and drinks sparingly, preserving his wits whilst all around him lose theirs. Next to him is the demigod Fenrir, hirsute and massive in girth, a beast of a fellow, son of Loki and the frost giantess, Angrboda, and rumoured to be the patron of the Lupine imps who dwell in subterranean Gehenna. Also seated at the banqueting table are Hodr, blind from birth and gifted with second sight, and Balder, his beloved brother. Side by side they dine, Balder feeding Hodr tender strips of meat.
I am surprised to see the archangel Michael also in attendance, seated beside Balder and conversing with Kára of the Valkyrie. He does not once glance in my direction. He dines on a plate of steamed vegetables, ignoring the meat that provides the main course at this banquet. His angelic wings folded behind him, Michael looks almost ghostly – otherworldly - surrounded as he is by the dark and earthy gods of Valhalla. His face, beautiful and serene, seems to contain its own source of illumination.
‘We were discussing the growing threat of the Heathen,’ Odin is telling me through a mouthful of meat. ‘It seems the damned whoremongers have the upper hand at the moment.’
‘What we need is better intelligence,’ Loki replies before I have a chance to. ‘We need to infiltrate their ranks, pull the entire organisation apart from the inside out.’
‘We’ve all heard your opinion,’ Odin growls, ‘I would like to hear the Lady Desdemona’s take on things.’
‘I consider myself an apolitical creature,’ I tell him, ‘I don’t concern myself with things I can’t influence.’
‘Oh come, come,’ Loki gently chides me, ‘we’re all political, my lady, in as much as we live in a political universe. You must have an opinion on current events, however vague.’
‘Her opinions cannot be any vaguer than yours,’ Thor growls across the table at him. It is the first time he has spoken in my presence and his voice is low and thunderous, rattling the cutlery with its deep resonance.
‘You see, my lady, you see,’ Loki cries, ‘you’ve been here but five minutes and already politics has reared its ugly head. Thor has not yet forgiven me for besting him this morning in hunting.’
‘If the conditions had been fair –’ Thor begins.
Loki smiles, ‘You begrudge me my victory?’ His voice carries the hint of a challenge.
Thor glares at him for a moment then shrugs, ‘Nay,’ he says, ‘you carried the hunt, Loki, let us dwell no more upon the matter.’
Odin slaps his son affectionately on the shoulder. ‘There is honour in defeat,’ he booms, ‘just as there is shame sometimes in victory.’
Loki lowers his voice as he turns to me. ‘There are rumours circulating, ugly, squalid rumours, that the Heathen have recently made an attempt on your life, Lady Desdemona. Is there truth here?’
‘I was recently attacked,’ I admit, wondering how he came to hear of this. ‘Six mortals entered my castle with intent to cause me injury. But I do not think they were Heathen.’
‘If not Heathen, then whom?’
‘A very good question, my dear Loki.’
‘Did you interrogate them?’
‘Unfortunately they had neural embeds that actively discouraged interrogation. The man I questioned literally shut down in front of me.’
‘You’re too isolated living down there amongst mortals,’ Loki tells me. ‘You should come back to Cognitia, dwell amongst your own kind.’
I am about to respond unfavourably to this suggestion when there is a sudden commotion behind me. I turn, as do the others, drawn by the sound of raised voices.
The Einherjar are crowding away from a figure who has, just that instant, appeared amongst them. It is a woman – I can tell from the outline – but a woman such as I have never seen before. From head to toe she is dressed in flame, fierce tongues of blue, green and red immolation rolling off her flesh, concealing her features behind an aura of living fire. She walks like a dancer, on the balls of her feet with her head held high, body perfectly poised as she sheds flame with each step she takes. The Einherjar clear a frantic path, hurriedly closing in again behind her, desperate to beat out the flames she leaves in her wake. But none approach her. None would dare. This is no mortal creature that has entered Valhalla. The ravens explode down from the rafters, screeching with terror as they exit the hall through wall vents.
The woman crosses the hall until she stands before the main banqueting table. The flames that pour from her body are no illusion and I feel their intensity from where I sit. The air crackles and shimmers around her. Nothing mortal could long withstand that heat. Thor half rises, gripping the helm of his war hammer, mjollnir, but Lord Odin grips his arm and pulls him back into his seat.
‘Make no move!’ Odin commands the hall. ‘Draw no weapon!’
‘What is it,’ Baldir hisses. He will not show it in front of his fellow gods, but I can smell Baldir’s fear, rolling off him in pungent waves as he leans towards his blind brother and describes all he sees. The burning woman raises her hand and points. I stare into the blazing core of her face, her finger a nimbus of flame, pointed directly at me.
‘This is outrageous,’ Loki whispers. ‘Unprecedented.’
Nothing stirs in the hall. No one dare move. Even the hounds are silent. There is a palpable sense of dread as we stare at this effigy, waiting for her to speak or act, but she does neither. She simply points at me, and after a few seconds disappears, imploding with a soft boom as air rushes in to fill the sudden void.
My ears pop as the pressure in the hall shifts suddenly. The other gods rub their ears, suffering from that same brief moment of disorientation. It is Thor who breaks the silence. He slams his fist down on the table.
‘Odessa!’ he roars, the word echoing around the hall like a violent curse. ‘Is this how they respect the terms of the truce? They claim indifference to our affairs, and yet here they are, appearing amongst us like ghosts at the proverbial feast.’
‘Spare us the melodrama,’ Loki groans under his breath.
Odin shakes his head. ‘It is not wise to criticise the Odessa so openly, son,’ he warns. ‘If that creature had wished she could have laid waste to Valhalla and there would have been precious little we could do to stop her.’ He glances across at me and I read the question in his eye before he asks it. ‘What did the creature want with you, Lady Desdemona?’
‘I cannot say,’ Lord Odin,’ I tell him. ‘I have no traffic with the Odessa. They remain as enigmatic to me as they do to you.’
‘Yet she pointed at you.’ Loki rubs his chin, his eyes narrowed, ‘She singled you out of the crowd. Interesting, wouldn’t you say?’
As the banquet slowly returns to normal, Odin says, ‘We will speak no more of this, the Odessa are a law unto themselves. Let them come and go as they please. Let them point fingers and conjure flames. So long as they do not interfere with our affairs we will say no more on the matter.’
‘Well said.’ Loki raises his goblet in sardonic toast, ‘Here’s to not mentioning the Odessa.’
No one joins him in toast and Loki drinks alone.
Lord Odin swipes at the ripe buttocks of a passing serving wench, momentarily distracted, and Loki takes the opportunity to pull me back into private conversation.
‘How do you think you’ll fare at the hearing, my lady?’ He twists at a large gold ring on his right index finger, his rat-like eyes peering intently at me.
‘The truth,’ I tell him, ‘will prevail.’
‘Ah, but who’s truth?’
I shrug. ‘I was attacked. I defended myself. An angel died.’
Loki frowns as he studies me. ‘The female Seraph, the one you didn’t kill, seems to remember things differently.’
‘I am alive,’ I tell him, ‘for which fact I am grateful. What the female Seraph remembers is of no consequence; sour grapes as far as I’m concerned.’
Loki nods as though he’d expected me to say as much. ‘But you’re aware you might be called upon to fight the female,’ he persists. ‘That’s what she’s aiming for with this whole hearing charade. You mark my words; this entire affair is just so she can issue you with a blood challenge. Those Seraph take these matters personally.’
‘I am aware of the possibility,’ I concede.
There is an eager light in Loki’s eyes. ‘Will you fight her?’
‘If I am called upon to do so.’
‘I must say,’ Loki raises his voice slightly so that the others can hear, ‘I always felt those Seraph needed to have their wings clipped.’
It is the first time tonight that I hear the Archangel Michael speak. He turns towards Loki, his eyes blazing.
‘You weren’t saying that when they held the gates of Ebron,’ he snarls, ‘covering your divine backside whilst the rest of the gods scuttled to safety. They fought and died for you that day, Loki, never forget that.’
Loki holds up a placating hand whilst the other gods fall suddenly silent. It is a silence that radiates outwards like a shockwave, until it fills the entire hall. Suddenly all eyes are on Loki and Michael.
‘I’ve never questioned their courage –’ Loki begins.
Michael hasn’t finished. He is addressing Loki, but he stares directly at me. ‘Nor were you so quick to insult the Seraph when they led the assault on Little Siam,’ he continues, ‘forty Seraph against all the hordes of Damascus.’
‘As I have said,’ Loki replies, ‘their courage is not in question, but you must admit they have grown powerful in recent times, perhaps too powerful to control.’
‘The Seraph owe their allegiance to Dagda.’ Michael stands, his wings spreading and closing in agitation, ‘I’ll challenge any god that dares to say otherwise.’
‘Enough!’ Odin slams his fist into the table and goblets jump and spill. ‘No one is challenging anyone. Let the Seraph defend their own goddamned reputation. I want only goodwill at this table.’
Michael bows stiffly. ‘I apologise, Lord Odin,’ he says, ‘but I must take my leave. I will not sit at the table with such as she –’ He stabs a finger at me and I almost expect a bolt of flame to emerge and strike me dead such is the look of fury in Michael’s eyes.
‘Forgive me, Lord,’ he says again and leaves the hall.
Odin watches him go, then sighs heavily. ‘Hah! Gods against angels, we’ll have another civil war before long, all these damned challenges. Desdemona, you’re in a pickle. Even if you manage to avoid a full trial, the Seraph are going to want a blood settlement. You’ve destroyed a hunting pair. The surviving Seraph will lose status amongst her clan. Either she wins your head or you take hers – that is the way of the Seraph.’
I nod. ‘Fate will decide this matter,’ I tell him.
‘Well said, and so enough said,’ Odin raises his goblet and the other gods do likewise. ‘Now here’s a god straight out of olden times,’ he announces. ‘I would have been proud to call her my own.’ They toast his words. I do not drink.
They talk of other matters and I join in when addressed, but mostly I listen, nibbling at my food, sipping a little wine. Once again Loki turns to me.
‘The Heathen hit a weapons factory in Ahura Seti the other day,’ he tells me, ‘thirteen dead, bastards are getting bolder –’
‘And yet no one knows what they’re fighting for?’
Loki shakes his head. The question obviously troubles him. ‘Same thing they all fought for during the war,’ he reasons. ‘Freedom from oppression, freedom from taxes, freedom from who knows what.’ He smiles, but there is no humour in those grey eyes, ‘Some say the insurgents have allied themselves with Lilith – of course it’s entirely possible and how worried should we be? How concerned should that make us? Mortals allied with Titans and Hobgoblins; sounds like a recipe for war if you ask me.’
‘I’m hearing that word a lot lately,’ I say.
Loki raises a quizzical eyebrow, ‘War? Yes, it’s in the ether, a slight shift in the balance of power and this entire city is going to go up like a powder keg.’
‘A what?’
‘Old world expression,’ Loki shrugs. ‘I’m sorry I have a fondness for archaic languages. But the point is the pressure’s building. Sooner or later there’s going to be an explosion.’
‘Sounds almost sexual,’ I reply.
‘Everything is sexual,’ Loki concurs, ‘everything is blind copulation. Sex and war, as they say, the twin pillars of life.’
*
I am to be Odin’s guest that night, he will not take ‘no’ for an answer and it is in the small hours of the morning that I am finally shown to my sleeping quarters. I am allocated chambers on the nineteenth floor of the main palace and for the first half hour I busy myself weaving trip wires around the rooms; pressure sensitive, able to pick up the slightest footfall within thirty metres of my chambers. I then set about weaving a small orb nest in one corner of the ceiling, no more than a blister, large enough to hold me, but too small to be truly comfortable. Tonight I will sleep inverted in a bed of my own making; the gorgeous four-poster in the centre of the room is too earthbound and vulnerable for my tastes.
*
I rest, but do not sleep. My mind separates into four sub-minds, each fragment capable of functioning as a whole, working on its own set of problems, quite separate from every other. I find it saves me time when I have many things to dwell on at once. I will not sleep tonight, I rarely sleep in strange surroundings. Instead I reduce my metabolism to near zero, entering into a state of temporary hibernation, surfing through recent events in my life, disassembling, shuffling, reconstructing; looking at facts from every conceivable angle.
*
They come for me at nine minutes past three in the morning, three mortals, hard and fast – a textbook assassination. I hear the crackle of displaced air, a ripple of expanding gasses as they step into my chamber out of thin air –
Something terrible enters the chamber with them. A bad wind, a stench of offal and faeces, as though, just for a moment, a dark breeze had blown into this universe from somewhere else, somewhere too dreadful to contemplate. Just as quickly the scent is gone and my would-be assassins are spreading into the room, moving quickly to circle my nest. They wear black body armour, magnetically sealed; heavy weapons in hand, micro pulses and shock stock, weapons meant to bring down big game. I note the absence of insignias or any other identifying markers. It is all I have time to note before the men open fire on my nest. The weapons have been silenced and it is eerie to witness the kind of carnage they sew without once rising above a polite cough. My nest is incinerated, chunks of masonry blown out of the walls and ceiling, debris pinballing around the room, creating a deadly cat’s cradle of secondary fire.
*
The nest is my little bluff. In unfamiliar surroundings I will not remain in the most obvious place. I have not lived so very long by being careless. The assassins realise the nest is empty and whirl around, frantically searching the room, even as I descend upon them from the overhead rafters. They are not the fools who attacked me earlier – these are veterans, seasoned pros, and they are already spinning away from their positions, scattering around the room, bringing their weapons to bear on me.
The weapons are their undoing; too heavy, too unwieldy. The three men try to triangulate their fire, but my scrying eyes are open, speed-reading the future, calculating the outcome of my every action. I am moving too fast to register as more than an optical blur, and the men begin firing again, trying to catch me in their sights – a forlorn hope and I laugh as one of my assailants is caught in the crossfire, punched off his feet with a gaping hole in his chest. I ricochet off walls, rebound off rafters, my full rage unleashed as I surrender to the heat of battle. I come down hard on the back of a second assailant. His armour is too thick to penetrate and instead I wrench his helmet around on his head, blinding him as the visor slips away from his eyes. He tries desperately to grab at me and I leap up and away from him just as his companion opens up on us. The man I have blinded dies in the silent blast, but I am unharmed as I land amongst the rafters.
I can read the future and I am unconcerned as the surviving assassin raises his gun to point directly at me. I do not move. I know the weapon is empty even before the shock stock clicks dry. The assassin curses and frantically begins reloading. I drop from the ceiling. I can take my time now. I need this one alive. He stops trying to reload his weapon and stares at me. His eyes are white circles of fear staring out of his face visor.
I smile at him. ‘Sweetness,’ I say, wagging a disapproving finger at him, ‘you’re ever such a naughty boy.’ I am on him in that second, pinning him to the wall, staring into the bubble visor of his facemask, the angle of light is wrong and I see only the twin reflections of my own face.
‘Who sent you?’ I snarl; flashing my scrying eyes open, trying to read every possible answer he might give me.
I see thirty seconds ahead of the present. I see the expanding bubble of superheated flame that will envelope me. I feel my flesh and bone evaporating as I die in that instant, my scream burnt to ashes in my throat. The mortal is booby-trapped. I hear his voice, muffled through his mask, reciting something over and over again like a mad mantra.
All roads lead to Damascus.
All roads lead to Damascus. 
I hear the high tension whine as something builds within him and in an instant I punch my fist through the centre of his chest and close my hand around his pulsing heart, ripping it free of his body. I turn and hurl the bloody organ straight down a nearby laundry chute, flinging myself to the ground in the same instant.
The resulting explosion shakes the palace to its foundations.
BLAMING HEATHENS
In the dungeon that serves the Norse gods as a morgue, Lord Odin is apoplectic. He paces the stone crypt in a rage, grinding his teeth; spit frothing his beard, his eyes burning hot as iron forges.
‘In my own palace,’ he roars. ‘How? How the hell were they able to penetrate my defences – am I betrayed?’
I examine the three bodies of my assailants. They are laid out on stone slabs, stripped of their armour. One of them, the booby-trapped one, has a gaping hole where his chest used to be. I am puzzled to note the insignias tattooed on the men’s naked flesh, an X with crooked spokes. I am unfamiliar with the design.
‘How did mortals get into Cognitia in the first place?’ Loki is quick to ask. ‘These are the very insurgents we were talking of earlier, Lady Desdemona, the so-called Heathen. Only this evening we spoke of their growing audacity and here they are, in Odin’s very castle, seeking to murder the gods in their beds. Did I not say the balance of power was shifting? Were those not my very words?’
‘This is an ill-omen.’ Thor’s chest heaves in agitation, his hands gripping the handle of his war hammer so tight the knuckles shine white, ‘This is a portent of end-days if ever I saw one.’
‘I want to know who they are –’ Lord Odin rages. ‘I want them tracked back to their home-districts. I want their scion wiped out; their sons, their daughters. I want entire neighbourhoods blotted off the map –’
Loki shakes his head with a sigh. ‘Against the rules of the 630 truce, I’m afraid,’ he points out.
‘A pox on the truce,’ Lord Odin howls and stabs a finger of accusation at the three corpses. ‘This is how they honour the truce. This is how they respect the terms. Hah!’ He spits his contempt into the face of the nearest corpse.
Thor steps forward. ‘Father,’ he rumbles, ‘I know of this insignia on their chests. I have seen it before.’
Even I am interested in this revelation and I glance up from my forensic examination of the corpses.
‘You know of them?’ Odin rounds on his son and Thor nods stoically, facing his father’s fury without flinching.
‘I fought them in Rhea Silvia during the last days of the Damascus war,’ he says calmly, ‘they are Blanca Lupe, the white wolves, an elite faction of the Heathen. They did not take orders directly from Damascus. I believe they came under the personal authority of Anthony Manning, one of his generals.’
Anthony Manning. I have heard of him; the rebel engineer as he was then known. He was the only one of Damascus’ generals to have escaped execution after the war. Little by little this entire affair is coming into focus.
‘I remember him well,’ Odin breathes. ‘He inspired fanatical loyalty in his followers.’
‘Fanatical unto death,’ Thor agrees. ‘His followers were the most ferocious of all the mortal warriors we faced during the war. They drew inspiration from the rebel engineer’s doctrine.’
‘What inspires them now?’ I wonder aloud.
‘Indeed,’ Loki nods. ‘Manning escaped the mass executions after the war, but that was almost a century and a half ago. Could he still be alive? Do mortals live that long?’
‘With the right technology it’s certainly possible,’ I reply. ‘With the right technology I suppose anything is possible.’
I recall in photographic detail the way these men entered my chambers, slipping out of thin air as though passing through invisible curtains in space. I have encountered this phenomenon before. It is the same method the assassins used to access Castle Arineae several weeks earlier.
I point to the corpses, ‘They used Probability Mapping,’ I say, ‘fine-tuned to create and collapse a paradox portal at will.’
‘Impossible,’ Odin growls, ‘Probability Mapping is too unstable to be used in-planet. No one’s yet learnt how to fine-tune it.’
Loki nods agreement. ‘Look what happened to Jericho,’ he points out. ‘The whole district imploded. Imagine that happening on a citywide or even planet-wide scale. It would be catastrophic. That’s the reason Probability tek was outlawed in the 631 convention; quite rightly so, in my opinion.’
‘We know the Odessa have fine-tuned paradox portals,’ I remind them, ‘we all saw the burning woman at the banquet. If nothing else it proves such fine-tuning is possible.’ The Nordic gods stare at me for a silent, uncomfortable moment.
‘Is it possible the Odessa were behind this?’ Thor voices everyone’s fears.
I shake my head. ‘The Odessa don’t use assassins,’ I tell him. ‘We have no defence against them. They could flatten the city if they chose, send the lot of us back to Year Zero.’
‘I agree,’ Lord Odin says. ‘They merely observe, never interfere, that’s the nature of the Odessa.’
‘Maybe they’re tired of watching,’ Loki suggests. ‘Maybe they want a piece of three dimensional action.’
‘It is not the Odessa,’ I say with firm conviction. ‘This is the work of physical beings.’
‘Not the Odessa, not the Heathen.’ Loki shrugs, ‘Are you suggesting a divine house is behind this attempt?’
‘It’s not impossible,’ I reply.
‘Not even the gods have access to Probability Mapping,’ Odin retorts. ‘Only the far-pilots use it and only when they are in deep space. I still doubt these assassins used a paradox portal, the energy required would have been astronomical; it would have fused the entire palace at the very least.’
‘Besides,’ Loki’s eyes have grown muddy, unreadable, ‘there would have been some trace left behind if they’d been using such tek; irregular time flow, matter morphing, a hundred and one obvious tells.’
‘Then how do you explain their presence in my chambers?’ I’m getting a little annoyed with all this denial, it’s as though they’re deliberately avoiding the obvious.
‘Stealth tek,’ Lord Odin suggests. ‘It must have been some kind of advanced stealth tek, chameleon fields or cloaked armour.’
I shake my head. ‘I’ve checked their armour, no stealth tek attached; besides, I felt the displacement wave when they arrived in my chambers; only a paradox portal creates a wave. Let’s face it, Lord Odin, they came from elsewhere, opening a portal for the time it took to pass from one point to the other. I’m equally certain they intended to leave the same way.’
‘Yet there’s no evidence of such tek on them,’ Loki insists.
‘Perhaps it was controlled from source,’ I muse, ‘an external operator sending the assassins to and from their target. The perfect hit. No corners.’
‘Why do you think they were after you?’ Odin asks me.
‘I don’t know,’ I reply, ‘but I do know they’re getting better at it. Each time they attack they seem to have learnt the lessons of the last encounter.’
‘They’re testing you for weaknesses,’ Thor’s eyes burn through the red strands of his hair, ‘a cunning strategy, Lady Desdemona. The Blanca Lupe used this strategy often during the war.’
‘Enough!’ Odin roars. ‘We need to hold counsel first thing in the morning. I want a gathering of the divine houses. This is priority first class. Thor, Loki, spread word – first thing in the morning I want a representative of every house in the central chamber.’
After the others have left Lord Odin stares down at the bodies of my assailants, rubbing his bearded chin. ‘In my own palace,’ he sighs, ‘in my own damned palace.’ He turns to me, ‘I can only offer my heartfelt apologies, Lady Desdemona, I extended you my protection –’
‘And took all reasonable steps to ensure it,’ I reassure him, ‘but this was beyond all reasonable expectation, Lord Odin. If they are using probability mapping it means no one’s safe, not even great Dagda himself.’
‘We are facing a grave crisis,’ Lord Odin acknowledges. ‘I hope you’re wrong, my Lady, because if you’re not this could spell the end for all of us.’
*
Alone in my chambers I stare long into the mirror, a tight, nagging migraine building behind my eyes. I rub my temples, but the pain intensifies and I wince – it’s her – I sense it, the matriarch of my house, trying to force her way into my mind as she often does when I am distracted. She is using the subtle web, vibrating the web strands of her home nest to send her thoughts out in search of me. Specialised hairs along my spine detect these vibrations and translate them into words and images. I resist the psychic assault, but the pain swells until it is a dark, evil throbbing. I hear her voice, beginning as a tiny whisper, building in intensity, until it echoes freely around my skull. I cry out and the mirror shatters.
‘You are a foolish child,’ her voice, mother’s voice, whispers in my head. ‘You are a vain, foolish child – fleeing so very far from the nest, and in the end where will you flee to? The nest is within you. Mother is within you; can’t you feel my love for you, Desdemona, sweet child, can’t you feel my love flowing through your veins?’
I feel it, like snake venom crawling under my skin. I clench my teeth and fill my head with a silent scream, smothering her voice, drowning it in white noise.
‘Silly girl,’ she mocks me. ‘Play your little games, Desi, ignore me, really, how long before you come crawling back home…not long…I expect you any day now…’
I intensify the scream in my head, hurling it at her with all my might, pounding my head against the wall in an effort to drive the possessing demon out. She laughs and the world begins to spin around me and I lose my balance, falling backwards with a wild cry. When I regain my feet she has gone, her voice echoing into grudging silence, and at once I feel the migraine beginning to subside.
CHALLENGING THE PAST
Later that morning Loki joins me in a shaded courtyard. I sit beneath the branches of an ancient yew tree, awaiting word on Odin’s emergency meeting.
‘It’s been agreed by all the divine houses,’ Loki tells me, ‘that a punitive force of Bles’men will be sent to Districts Daedalus and Tarquinia, known strongholds of the Heathen. These districts will be subjected to emergency curfews and phased security cordons until further notice.’
‘You mean to use them as examples.’ I shake my head ruefully, ‘That may prove counterproductive. I don’t think the Heathen were responsible, I told you that.’
‘A point I raised,’ Loki clucks his tongue as though summoning a favourite pet. ‘But stronger heads prevailed this morning. The gods want action, not diplomacy, they were even contemplating sending in an angelic force. Thank Dagda that one was vetoed. But that’s the only good news I have.’
*
‘Lots of talk, mother, lots of news,’ Djoba is eager as ever to share his harvest of gossip with me. Settling in a corner of my suite in the Grand Inn of Mortalities, he grins impishly at me as I shape my eyebrows with a pair of silver tweezers. ‘I have news the insurgents attacked Cognitia last night,’ he informs me, unaware I was the target of that particular attack. ‘No one’s supposed to talk about it, but everyone’s talking about it, if you know what I mean.’
‘All this I know,’ I snap. ‘Tell me something I don’t, Djoba.’
He looks at me and I can see I’ve hurt his feelings. I sigh; really, must he be so damned sensitive? Briefly I describe last night’s assassination attempt and Djoba is on his hands in an instant, demanding to know what the Nord gods did to ensure my protection.
‘Everything within their power,’ I tell him as I tease a rather unruly hair from my brow line. ‘The assassins were using paradox technology…’
Djoba interrupts me, insisting the technology for controlled paradox portals doesn’t exist, the same line of reasoning he employed following the previous assault. I wave him to silence, ‘Incredulity will be your undoing,’ I warn him. ‘We deal with facts, Djoba, not convictions.’ I invite him to continue with his report.
‘Very well,’ Djoba mutters, ‘but if they are using portals, mother, then our goose is cooked for sure. How do we defend…’
‘The report, Djoba,’ I remind him.
He slips a little ring-bind notebook out of his waist coat pocket and consults it, his eyes moving in independent directions as he scans both pages at once.
‘Here we are!’ he exclaims at last, ‘Hex’amos Luther.’
‘And he is?’
‘He’ll be the lawyer representing the Seraph at your trial –’
‘It’s a preliminary hearing, Djoba,’ I correct him, ‘not a trial.’
‘The way folk are talking about it,’ Djoba grumbles, ‘may as well be a trial, mother, and you may as well be guilty. Besides, you waved your rights to a full trial, so the results of the hearing are binding…’
‘Back to Hex’amos Luther,’ I say, ‘who is he and why should I be concerned?’
‘He’s an ambitious egg.’ Djoba makes a face, ‘You couldn’t have drawn a shorter straw if you tried, mother; he’ll go for the jugular without a doubt, try to make a name for himself. I checked his record; he’s won all but one of his last thirty cases, a real legal eagle.’
‘Then he’s a worthy challenger,’ I reply, plucking a strand from my left eyebrow. ‘Really, Djoba, it’s all theatre, nothing to get worked up about.’
‘You really should get your own lawyer, mother; defending yourself is just sooo unwise.’
‘A lady must do what she must,’ I sigh, ‘and the fact I’m going up against such a legal luminary makes it all so much more exciting, wouldn’t you agree?’
‘If you say so,’ Djoba sounds doubtful as he puts his notebook away. ‘That’s it, I’m afraid.’
I stare at him. ‘That’s all you were able to muster?’
Djoba nods miserably. ‘Still can’t find out why the Seraph attacked you,’ he brightens suddenly, ‘but I’ve heard a theory –’
‘Let’s hear it.’
‘Apparently the Seraph are convinced you attacked them first.’
‘Yes,’ I lower the tweezers, ‘that’s the story they’re sticking to –’
‘No-no,’ Djoba leans forward, ‘they really do think you attacked them; it’s not just a legal ruse. At least that’s what my contacts tell me.’
‘That doesn’t make any sense.’
‘But it might explain why they attacked you – if they thought you attacked them first. It’s a bit roundabout, but it helps if you look at it in a roundabout way, mother.’
‘Nonsense,’ I interject, ‘if I had attacked them I would certainly remember doing so. They came down out of the sun as I recall, flashing chrome and jagged claws, I’m certain they intended me some mischief.’
‘Well,’ Djoba gets to his hands, ‘that’s about it, mother. I’m chasing down a few leads at the moment. I’ll get back to you as soon as I hear something.’
‘You’re a darling,’ I tell him and his face brightens with pleasure. ‘Run along now, Djoba, we’ll come through this thing, I assure you.’
Djoba nods in vigorous agreement. ‘We always have before,’ he declares and gives me a ceremonial and quite ridiculous bow before exiting the room.
A courier from the Telat on Jurisprudence Square arrives a short while later with a message from the Offices of Divine Prosecutions. My hearing has been scheduled for nine-oh-nine, Monday morning. Two days hence. The message bears the Mercurial seal as proof of its authenticity and I sign receipt and tip the courier handsomely, when I really feel like wringing his neck.
*
I spend the evening dining out. I choose a restaurant quartered on the decks of one of the many steamships that ply up and down the beautiful River Morigan. The river waterfalls over Cognitia’s seven principle support platforms, filling vast basin reservoirs located immediately beneath the district. The waters from these reservoirs are continuously pumped back up to the highest platforms where they fuel the river’s eternal cycle. The River Morigan turns like the great silvery wheel of a clock and it is one of life’s great pleasures to sit on the foredeck of an old-world steamship, looking out over the dappled surface of this river, for it is the highest tributary anywhere in the world.
*
I have dined well and feel relaxed as I disembark the steamship close to the Gardens of Epona in South Cognitia. Rejecting the offer of a personal guide, I enter the gardens through the west gate and make my own way along the many convoluted paths. Tonight I am not interested in Epona’s famous floral architecture, its green temples and statues sculpted from foliage and embroidered with flowers. On any other occasion this might have been a treat for the senses, but tonight I am consumed by my own thoughts, wandering along absently, oblivious to all around me.
‘Are you well, Sister?’
I turn at the sound of that formal greeting. Approaching me along a path gilded with musca and rosewood, is a male spider god, Lord Tarus. I recognise his black magma armour, covered in razor sharp spines, his steel dreadlocks flowing around the hard angles of his face, each lock ending in the nose cone of a micro projectile, each projectile filled with enough neuro toxins to slay a battalion of mortals. He is taller than I, well over twelve feet, and deadly in combat. I have fought alongside him in the past and although I despise him, as I despise all my siblings, I will not underestimate him.
‘Lord Tarus,’ I acknowledge, ‘may the gods favour you.’
Tarus salutes me with his four arms crossed over his chest, a stiff nod of his head, and then he gets straight down to business.
‘I will speak for you at your hearing,’ he tells me as though the issue had already been decided. ‘I will do this on behalf of the House of Arachnids, Sister’.
I allow my smile to draw the poison from my next words. ‘I will speak for myself, brother Tarus,’
Tarus stares down at me, his scrying eyes golden slivers in the arc of his forehead, his true eyes like burning tar pits. ‘You refuse our help?’ his voice is cold and controlled, but his tells are seething with barely restrained anger. I see there is no love lost between us.
‘I have no need of your help,’ I reply, ‘or the help of mother. I settle my own affairs as well she knows.’ With that said I walk slowly away from him, knowing he will follow, knowing he cannot simply leave it at that.
‘When one of us stands accused,’ Tarus falls into step beside me, ‘the entire clan must rally behind them. It is a matter of honour. Even you can see that.’
‘I no longer consider myself a member of the House of Arachnids.’ I know the consequences of these words, and yet they are words that, sooner or later, must be spoken. I have thought long and hard on the matter and I know my decision to distance myself from my clan is binding. Tarus laughs uproariously and several gods and goddesses glance in our direction.
‘A god without representation,’ he scoffs. ‘How long do you think you’ll survive?’
‘Far longer than your precious house,’ I snap back.
He growls deep in his throat. I feel the sudden stab of his rage. ‘Do not tempt me, sister,’ he warns.
‘Or what, Tarus, you’ll go up against me?’ I shake my head, ‘Do you think I fear you, sweet brother?’
Lord Tarus comes to a standstill. I stop walking and look back over my shoulder as he draws himself up to his full height of nearly fifteen feet, false legs snapping down, taking his weight, hoisting his elongated torso into the air. From an imperious height Tarus stares down at me through all six of his eyes.
‘Be certain that I will tell the matriarch of your decision,’ he hisses. ‘Expect her answer within the week. This is a serious matter, sister, to cut yourself off from your own god-clan. It is an insult that will not soon be forgotten.’ He retracts his false legs, lowering himself to the ground and folding them behind him, and with a snort of contempt, turns on his heels and marches away.
I watch him depart, wondering what the matriarch of our house will say when she hears of my decision. I shiver as I recall the mind curdling sound of her voice inside my head, whispering to me, trying to seduce me back to her grand nest. I was once her most willing of assassins. But no more. I am my own god now and the past is past.
‘Rather heavy handed, killing an angel no less.’
I turn to find the trickster god, Moki, standing a little way off in the shade of a poplar tree, eyeing me as though uncertain whether to approach or retreat.
‘And what do you know of it?’ I ask him.
He takes this as an invitation to approach, scuttling across to me, rubbing his hands in the most obsequious manner, staring up into my face with the intensity of a farmer studying the heavens for bad weather sign.
‘I know it’s time those Seraph were taught a lesson,’ he whispers, looking around nervously, ‘nothing but Dagda’s personal goon squad, if you ask me.’
‘You have reason to hate the Seraph?’ This is news to me. Moki is a minor god in the divine pantheon, largely content to harass mortals with his juvenile trickery. I had never really considered him a political animal.
‘Not hate,’ Moki’s eyes shift uneasily, ‘must be careful with words – no, no, not hate – something more, something…I must be careful, you see –’
‘I understand,’ I assure him.
‘The Seraph are insidious.’
‘Insidious?’
Moki slaps a hand to his mouth. ‘Did I say insidious,’ he mutters through his fingers, ‘I meant pervasive.’
‘Why so?’ I am intrigued.
‘Indeed,’ Moki nods, ‘well you may ask, but I hesitate in answering, and why? Why am I reluctant? Because I fear the Seraph. Yes, I know, despicable and cowardly of me, but I do not claim to be other than I am. And why do I fear them? Of course, the perfect question. Because they are a society unto themselves, a faction within the higher order of angels - an order within an order, as it were. And who controls them, Desdemona? Who claims dominion over the Seraph?’
‘Dagda,’ I assume.
Moki winks at me, a sly motion of the eye that is not at all pleasing to look at. ‘And who controls Dagda, hmm?’
I frown. ‘What do you suggest?’
Moki gives me an innocent shrug. ‘Suggest? Nothing, nothing. It’s not for me to suggest. I am simply admiring the view. Do you like hibiscus? I find it a rather stimulating flower, rather poignant too for some utterly unknown reason.’
‘What do you suggest?’ I repeat.
Moki sighs, making great pretence of his reluctance to talk. ‘If the Seraph had succeeded in killing you,’ he says, ‘who would have called for vengeance? Your precious House of Arachnids? Can you rely upon your own clan to avenge you?’
I shake my head. ‘I am estranged from them, as well you know.’
‘Yes, yes,’ Moki nods, ‘alone then, and who protects you, Desdemona?’
‘I am my own protection,’ I say softly.
‘And so the Seraph have found to their cost. A lesser god would have fallen. You have made many enemies, Desdemona, but you have many admirers too, believe me. Even in the streets of Cognitia you will find friends –’
‘It’s my enemies I’m concerned with, Moki,’ I reply. ‘Do you have names?’
‘No, no. No names, of course not – far too obvious that – but the ones that set the Seraph on you – yes-yes, the very ones, are here in Cognitia, closer, far closer than you think.’
‘So the Seraph weren’t acting alone.’
‘Alone? No, never alone. Angels are a link in the chain; what you seek is the one yanking that chain. You will be careful, won’t you?’
‘I am always careful,’ I tell him and he laughs as though this is a wonderful joke and then he scuttles off down the path, leaving me with these parting words, ‘I said nothing, nothing, what harm if nothing was said?’
*
I approach the sacred temple of Joot in the south section of the Epona. Joot is a lesser known god of lasciviousness and I dread this palace of copulating flesh. The stink of dead passion is an offence to my nostrils as I mount the temple’s penitent steps, as are the sights and sounds I encounter upon entering this most wanton of places.
A forest of columns populate the shadowy interior of the temple, supporting the building’s vast lapis lazuli roof, each column shaped like a voluptuous maiden or well-proportioned youth. Each youth boasts an obscene erection, each maiden a come-hither expression on her marble face. In the gloomy recesses of this temple I will find the man I have come here to see, but in order to reach him I must first pass over a living carpet of sweating, copulating bodies. These are Joot’s male and female neophytes, mortal followers of his amoral order, desperate to seek communion with their god through the gaping doorways of their own flesh.
Blue flames flicker in pebbled lanterns. Incense burns in large copper bowls, expensive off-world scents that stimulate the senses and quicken the heart. But I am immune to such charms. I fix my attention on the centre of this carnal house where an old man stands quite still, eyes closed, leaning on a walking stick and smiling in serene contemplation. This is Art of the Hundred Battles, my former mentor. Art – justly called the bold – master combatant and ancient of days. He stands with his training staff held rigidly in his hands, the sharpened tip moving gently back and forth, inscribing intricate Mandalas in the sand. He seems oblivious to the orgy taking place all around him.
I feel an intense rush of pleasure when I catch sight of Art through the voluptuous temple columns. Stepping over the last of Joot’s fornicating supplicants I enter into my mentor’s circle of silence. As soon as I cross an invisible line the sounds of fornication diminish. I can no longer hear the sighs, the moans; the lusty slap-slap of flesh against flesh. It is as though I have entered a place just outside of time.
Art does not open his eyes. But he knows I am here. ‘Desdemona,’ he sighs, as though he can see me perfectly in the darkness behind his eyelids, ‘it’s been a century since last we met. My most cherished pupil. How have you fared?’
‘How do you abide these ridiculous perversities, master?’ I sweep my hand around to indicate the sea of debauchery that surrounds us. His smile broadens and I know I have pleased him with my question. Only I would ever have dared address him such.
‘It doesn’t arouse you, Master Art? You are a man, after all.’
‘You see flesh,’ he tells me, ‘I see only form.’
‘Form?’
‘Yes, form,’ he says, ‘the expanding patterns of a Mandala, waves rolling over a pristine beach, the ripple of a breeze through blossom trees. Are these not nature’s orgies, are they not all sexual in nature? Yet in time we learn to see beyond form and into the unimagined heart of things, and then we see that the only perversions are in our own minds, our very own hearts.’
I tease him. ‘Are you such a perfected soul, master?’
Art shrugs. ‘I forge myself in daily ritual. From morning to night I recreate the birth, the vastening and waning of the universe entire. It shapes my mind into an arrowhead, sharpening it, until at last it pierces the veil of illusion. Is that the answer you were looking for, Desdemona?’
I smile despite myself. He snaps his eyes open in that instant and I am shocked by the blue of them; the depthless intensity, as though they have looked upon realities outside of space and time. I bow before him and he touches my shoulder, a soft touch of reassurance and, I secretly hope, the gesture of a proud parent.
‘Do you still teach angels the art of war?’ I ask him.
‘I instruct to the best of my abilities,’ he acknowledges.
‘As you instructed me?’
‘You, more than most, understood the nature of the art.’
‘I have come to ask a question,’ I inform him.
‘Then fight me,’ he says softly. ‘Earn the answer in the old way.’
I stare at him and then laugh; both surprised and delighted. ‘You think me worthy?’ I ask.
Art grins as he grips his training staff in both hands. ‘You are bold, Desdemona, you have earned a name for yourself in this city.’
‘I live the whirlwind,’ I reply.
‘Aye, as I taught you. On guard then, show me you haven’t grown sloppy in your exile.’
He is old; old and feeble to look upon, but looks can be deceptive for here stands the architect of the fearsome Guild of Assassins, a name that drives a spike of fear into every district of Golgotha Falls. He is dangerous beyond all doubt, and much of my own combat skills he taught me centuries ago when I was an apprentice assassin. If I think he has slowed down in the intervening years, I am in for a rude awakening.
*
I circle him, extending my false arms and legs from my body, raising myself to my full nine feet. My true-arms form bladed shields in front of me. Knowing Art’s abilities, I am determined not to be caught unawares. Art does not move. His eyes close, he rocks gently back and forth, like a serpent gauging distance before the killing strike. As I move in for the attack he lashes sideways with his staff. I feel it whistling past as I instinctively fall back, but the old man moves after me, keeping me off balance, forcing me into unplanned retreat. I deflect his strikes, using the fore-shields of my true arms, and even through my armour I feel the force of each impact.
We fight in near feral silence, moving faster than sound, sonic booms detonating around us as I spin into the circle of his attack. I move under the arc of his staff, seeking to sweep his legs from beneath him, but he dances up onto my back and with a sharp crack brings the full weight of his staff down between my shoulder blades. The pain is excruciating, but there is no lasting injury; he is toying with me, reminding me that in all ways he is still the master. I go down with a curse, coming at once to my feet, using my four upper limbs to ward off Art’s murderous onslaught. There is a continuous whip and crack as he strikes again and again at my arm shields, relentless as a storm surge.
I leap upwards, hoping to come down on him from above, but weightless he rises with me, striking at me from every angle, forcing me from the air, back to the ground where I am more vulnerable. Lightning fast we dance amongst the fornicators of Joot, too swift for the mortal eye to follow, and yet, at the very centre of the fight it is as though time stands still.
Art is smiling. He has not yet broken a sweat, yet he matches me feint for feint, strike for strike, warding off my most ferocious attacks with unnerving ease, pressing home his own relentless assault, pressuring me into making mistake after mistake.
*
In an instant I manage to break away from him and before he closes with me again I take to the air, scuttling up a temple column, using the thrust of a marble bosom to ricochet back into the fight. He punishes my daring, somersaulting over me, his body describing an impossible arc of silver through the air. His staff comes down in a flash, striking my left shoulder, hard enough to force me from the air. Before I regain my momentum, Art is on me, breaking my breath-rhythm, depriving me of the time I need to recover, and all the while he is grinning, enjoying every moment of our conflict, and I want so very dearly to wipe that grin off his face.
*
I am exhausted and he is not even breathing hard, but I will not give up; no quarter asked, none given. It is a shared understanding between us. I use the columns around me to launch a whirlwind assault, my claws daggered, my scrying eyes trying to read ahead of the game, but Art is not in the future, he is grounded solidly in the present, and all I see, time after time, is the inevitability of my own defeat.
He decides to punish me for a particularly sloppy attack, dancing after me as I try to retreat, using invisible steppingstones in the air. He is on me before I can evade him, fast as a striking serpent. I lash out instinctively, but the old trickster is not there, he is above me, bringing his staff down on my unprotected head and I just have time to raise a defensive arm when - CRACK!!!! I feel the bone snap in my left arm, the pain like a bolt of fire that drives me to my knees, but even as I go down I scythe the air with my false legs. Serrated and deadly they create a killing arc around me and at last – at the moment of my defeat - I penetrate the master’s defences.
I feel the shock of impact as Art is knocked backwards out of the air, snapping himself skilfully out of free-fall and floating to the ground a little distance away. He smiles and applauds me softly.
‘You have lost none of your taste for the battle,’ he says. ‘No matter what they say of you, Desdemona; the warrior’s spirit cannot be counterfeited.’
Clutching my broken arm I pull myself to my feet. ‘You are still a devil to fight,’ I gasp, ‘for my sake I hope we never have to do that for real.’
‘A worthy event if ever we do.’ With the tip of his staff Art draws figures in the sand.
I approach him. ‘Have I earned an answer to my question?’ I ask him. He shrugs. ‘The Seraph,’ I continue, ‘you trained them; you know them better than most –’
He looks up at me, ‘And your question?’
‘Why did they attack me?’
He stands back and studies the sand; then he looks up at me and says, ‘There is your answer.’
I stare down at the drawing he has made in the sand. Two identical spiders crouched side by side. It is a simple drawing, but I sense hidden significance in it. I stare at it for a while; then shake my head. ‘I don’t understand.’
‘I have given you my answer, Desdemona,’ he erases the drawing with the toe of his right sandal. ‘I did not promise you would understand it.’
He leaves me puzzling over his words, staring down at the scuffed sand that has replaced his drawing. When I look up again he has vanished. Only the fornicators remain; a carpet of decadence lapping around erotic temple columns, ever changing configurations of flesh, ever expanding like the patterns of a carnal Mandala, the rolling of waves against a beach, the ripple of a breeze through blossom trees…
*
When I return to the Grand Inn of Mortalities I have my injured arm encased in an auto-doc. Wrapped tight around the broken bone, the AD punctures the flesh with hundreds of micro needles, teasing the edges of the break back together again. The arm will be out of commission for a week at the least and I curse my recklessness for accepting Art’s challenge. What did it gain me, a broken arm, an enigmatic sand drawing? Not much for my troubles, but still, it was worth it to go face-to-face once more with the master. Just like the old days. That brief look of surprise on Art’s face as I knocked him from the air. Hadn’t that been worth the price of admission alone?
I think of the drawing in the sand. Two spiders. Side by side. Beneath the muddy surface of enigma something stirs. A revelation. I try to catch a glimpse of it, but it scuttles back into shadows and confusion before its true form is revealed.
DIVINE JUSTICE
The gods love their grandeur. The courtroom is a hall of epic proportions. Chandeliers hang like diamond-studded fruit; each one weighing at least a tonne. The walls are concave mirrors that curve seamlessly around the interior without once surrendering to a right angle. The ceiling is a dazzling study in marble, embossed with scenes from ancient mythology and cosmogenic lore; angels and gods warring against the blue of an artificial sky, demons in fallen raptures, sinners drowning in rivers of vice, dragged down by the weight of their own sin. It is a singular masterpiece and I often came here in the old days just to study it.
*
It is the day of my hearing. I stand in the centre of the Halls of Justice, public galleries rising around me in structured tiers, each one filled to capacity with my fellow gods. I am encircled by a multitude of faces, reflecting an uneven mix of hostility and admiration, and I am unrepentant, unflinching – this is my day in court and I mean to exploit it for all I can.
In the highest gallery I see the Archangel Michael, glaring down at me in silent rage. I see Lord Odin standing in a lower tier, Thor and Loki flanking him. Also in attendance are the great gods Zeus and Apollo, surrounded by the lesser gods of their divine clans, and sitting in her own private booth, looking radiant and blameless as ever, the Lady Aphrodite, the woman I blame for a recent betrayal. I smile at each in turn, arms folded, head held high in defiance.
*
When Lady Sophia, the mother divine, takes her place on the sterling throne at the head of the hall, the rumblings of conversation dwindle to instant silence. Two Seraph stand to my left on the central floor; one I recognise as the female that attacked me along with her mate several weeks earlier. The second Seraph I do not know, he is male, of higher rank than the female judging from the scarlet chevrons that mark his chrome helmet. The Seraph converse amongst themselves, using microburst transmissions that cannot be detected in the human audio range, but to my sensitive ears they are loud as raven shrieks.
*
As the hearing begins the overheads are doused, the hall plunged into neolithic gloom whilst mobile-spots pinpoint the major players in this drama, highlighting myself and the female Seraph, and wrapping Sophia’s face in a soft halo that leaves the rest of her in shadow.
A floating spot accompanies an exceptionally ugly demigod as he strolls across the courtroom floor. He looks like a giant egg – I can describe him in no other way - his tiny face scrunched into the centre of a perfectly ovoid body. His arms are scrawny, bendy things; his legs so stick-like it is great wonder they can support the mass of his body. This is the famous Hex’amos Luther, acting lawyer on behalf of the Seraph. There is scattered applause as he makes his way to the centre of the hall. Standing beside his client, he curtseys politely in Lady Sophia’s direction.
Then, in a voice that fills the entire courtroom, Luther pronounces, ‘I am honoured to make representation on behalf of the Sacred Order of Seraph in the matter concerning Lady Desdemona and the unlawful killing of Myxxiphelia Urgal, a ranking member of the aforementioned order.’ He pauses, no doubt for dramatic effect, then continues in that same booming voice. ‘During the course of these proceedings, it is to be argued by Lady Desdemona, a member of the House of Arachnids, that she was attacked first by my clients, and that, in so defending herself, the death of Urgal was subsequently brought about. This, I will ably demonstrate, is bald faced propaganda.’ His voice rises; ‘Lies of a malicious and contemptible nature, spun in a desperate attempt to obscure the true facts.’ He stabs a thin, jointless finger at me. ‘The truth is it was Lady Desdemona who knowingly and with malice aforethought set upon my clients, slaying Urgal in cold blood, and attempting to slay his partner, Shenjiiera Kalisnia Urgal, who stands before you today to demand reparation.’
In sharp contrast to Luther’s overbearing pomp, Lady Sophia’s voice is cool and soothing, belying the great authority it carries. ‘The Lady Desdemona has waived the rights to a full trial,’ she says. ‘The findings of this hearing will therefore be legal and binding.’
There is a surprised murmur from the spectator tiers. The Lady Sophia raises her hand to quell the disturbance. ‘The court will hear Lady Desdemona’s opening arguments,’ she announces.
I rear up on my false legs, towering over the Seraph and their rotund barrister, and in a voice that carries clear to the highest galleries, I declare, ‘I am Lady Genevieve Desdemona. I make representation on behalf of myself. Not for me the silky platitudes of barristers. The facts of this case do not need to be honey coated, nor the truth beautified. Make no mistake about it; I am the aggrieved party. I had no prior quarrel with the Seraph when they attacked me. Even now I bear them no ill will, having settled the matter to my satisfaction. It is the Seraph who bring before you this spurious case of unlawful killing, and it is the Seraph who have hired the great Hex’amos Luther, a lawyer famed citywide for his grand manipulation of the facts –’
‘Careful, Lady Desdemona,’ Lady Sophia warns me, ‘let us not resort to personal insults.’
I bow respectfully. I am outwardly contrite, but inwardly content my point has been made.
‘I stand before you without legal counsel or divine representation.’ I turn in a slow circle so my words are addressed to the entire courtroom. ‘Unlike the Seraph I do not attack as part of a bonded pair. I have no life-long mate, no numerical superiority or tactical advantage on the field of battle. I act alone. I fight alone. I fall alone. And if today I am to be condemned for my actions, then alone I face the consequences of those actions. No quarter has been asked, let none be given.’
As I conclude my opening address I am pleased to hear a light scattering of applause around the courtroom. Luther’s face grows even tighter, sucking his middle into the vacuum of a murderous scowl. He dances forward, eager to regain the upper hand. ‘I would like to provide footage,’ he thunders, ‘taken from the security cameras at the MG building, the scene of the Spider’s cowardly attack.’
I am astonished that so great a voice can emerge from so diminutive a mouth. His entire egg-shaped body appears to be one large resonance chamber. Two courtroom attendants wheel in a portable holo-projector, leaving it standing in the centre of the hall as they retreat back into shadow and obscurity. Luther prances around the machine like a conjuror about to execute a complex illusion, checking control panels, running lightening quick diagnostics. Then, with a well-choreographed flourish, he switches it on.
The machine immediately projects a luminous 3-d cube into the air that rotates slowly above us. As Luther manipulates the controls of his projector, the cube becomes filled with a panoramic image of black towers and steel spires, great silicon temples and corporate citadels, tension bridges spun between them like strands of silk. Overhead, relentless lines of traffic stream along invisible sky-lanes. I am familiar with this view; it is my home district of Narcissus, shot from the western face of the Montgomery Grey building, the second tallest tower in Narcissus.
A tiny figure is seen weaving amongst the towers, moving from web-line to web-line. I recognize myself at once. No one else could move with such agility, such grace. These images were shot on the day the Seraph attacked me. This was my homeward journey after attending Aphrodite’s ball. The Seraph, I note, are nowhere in view. I watch intently as my own image skilfully plays out web strands, moving out of camera range as I pause to rest on the roof of the tower. How long had I spent on the tower roof that day? I try to recall. No more than a minute, I am certain.
The holographic image jumps and switches cameras. Now I am shown from a fresh angle. It is a minute later, perhaps two. I am swinging into frame, moving along the arc of my web-line. This is the moment. This is the instant the Seraph attacked me. I tense, reliving their treacherous assault in my mind, even as I wait for it to be recreated on screen. There is a blinding flash of sunlight striking the plasma surfaces of the tower. The cube is washed out in that instant. I curse out loud.
When the cube clears the camera angle has shifted. Thirty seconds have passed. I am now clinging to the back of a Seraph who appears to be fighting for his life. We are both spinning down into the off-camera abyss, the female Seraph in desperate pursuit. The image is freeze-framed. Our death plunge is immortalised in the static holo-cube. Luther enlarges the cube, making certain the court can see it from every possible angle.
‘And what does this footage show?’ Lady Sophia asks.
‘We see the Lady Desdemona looking for a suitable point of ambush,’ Luther intones. ‘We see her wait until the sun strikes the tower at noon precisely, temporarily blinding the cameras, and when they are once again functioning, we clearly see Lady Desdemona as the aggressor.’
‘Why hasn’t the footage been filtered?’ The very question I was preparing to ask, but wise Sophia has beaten me to the punch.
Luther doesn’t miss a beat. ‘There was a temporary power surge in the district holographics,’ he explains. ‘The sun was several times brighter than normal that morning, it washed the footage out completely I’m afraid; nothing was salvageable.’
‘How convenient,’ I interject, ‘and so we’ll never know how the fight began. Tell me, Luther, how did I know the Seraph would be flying past the MG building at just that moment?’
‘The MG building is under Seraph patronage,’ Luther responds in a flash. ‘It is common knowledge they patrol the building as part of their daily security routine and if the Seraph are known for one thing it is punctuality. You were trespassing on private property, Lady Desdemona, at a time you knew the Seraph would be passing. We all know you have a pathological hatred of the angelic classes.’
‘I wouldn’t say pathological,’ I purr.
‘But hatred surely.’
‘I do not hate the angels,’ I reply. ‘I have had disagreement with them in the past, as I have had disagreement with many gods and goddesses present here today. I have not felt the need to assault any of my peers, why would I have assaulted the Seraph?’
I turn to Lady Sophia. ‘The image fails to reveal the moment of the attack,’ I tell her. ‘Is it not a common tactic of Seraph to swoop down on an enemy from directly out of the sun? Is it not more likely the Seraph were using the sun to disguise their attack, rather than I?’
A murmur ripples around the court room and Sophia calls for order. Luther’s ovoid body seems momentarily deflated as he begins vigorous, but muted, discourse with his clients.
I continue to address the court. ‘In the earliest frames of this security footage,’ I say, ‘only my image is revealed. Where are the Seraph during this time? Why is there no security footage to document their movements? I suggest they are at an altitude far beyond the range of terrestrial scanners, hiding in the sun, waiting to pounce. Is this so farfetched? More so than Luther’s theory that I, Lady Desdemona, am to be considered so fearsome and so reckless I will attack two fully fledged Seraph, warrior elite and shock troops for the Angelic Host, on my own, without accomplice, weapon or strategy? Hex’amos Luther, a genius in all matters related to the theoretical, is obviously not acquainted with the finer nuances of practical combat.’
There is laughter from the public galleries. Luther launches into his counter-attack before the echoes of my last words have faded.
‘What possible reason do the Seraph have for attacking Lady Desdemona?’ he demands. ‘They are professional warriors, standing ready to defend the Elohim at a moment’s notice. Lady Desdemona, on the other hand, is well known as a maverick in divine society; her every reckless deed is designed to enhance that reputation. To attack a hunting pair of Seraph and claim even partial victory was an exploit the good lady found too irresistible to pass up –’
I interrupt. ‘Then why is the good lady denying this exploit, if the original intention was to swell the coffers of her reputation?’
Luther stares daggers at me, his hands clenching and unclenching in unconscious agitation. ‘We are looking at a goddess who, by her own admission, plays outside the rules of engagement,’ his voice has taken on the timbre of an epic poem and I secretly marvel at the way he is able to manipulate sound in his favour. ‘We’re looking at a goddess who preys on humans despite the on-going truce between divinity and mortality; a goddess who still accepts human sacrifice despite the current ban. She claims she is a god of the House of Arachnids, yet where are the Arachnids today? They have not rallied around her. I cannot identify their faces in the public gallery. Why do they not speak on her behalf? Why do they not defend her? The truth is Lady Desdemona is allied to no one. She has estranged herself from her own clan, alienated herself through her antisocial activities. Does this not support the modus operandi of a woman who would set upon angels in a bid to enhance her anarchic reputation?’
The murmur that washes around the courtroom favours Luther this time. My reputation is doing me few favours, I see. Luther pushes on, eager to capitalise on his gains. ‘It was her malice, her jealousy and her hunger for aggression, that led her to challenge the angels;’ he continues, ‘a spurious attempt to demonstrate prowess even if it led to her own death. Instead it led to the death of a Seraph. I do not believe Lady Desdemona intended this outcome. I do not believe she intended to slay the angel. Defeating the Seraph would have been enough for her. But events quickly spiralled beyond her control. Now she denies her culpability, afraid to face responsibility for her most reckless of actions.’
Again he stabs a finger at me. ‘I urge you to take into account Lady Desdemona’s history of violence and overt aggression. I ask this court not to be swayed by her charms, nor be deflected from the obvious. She is guilty of killing an angel, the second order of divinity, and of bringing shame to us all. I ask for nothing less than her incarceration in Purgatory Hall.’
Calm as always Lady Sophia smiles down at me from her throne, her eyes gentle and unassuming. ‘You are free to speak, Lady Desdemona.’
‘Thank you, elder sister,’ I bow. ‘I have a fearsome reputation,’ I tell the hall, ‘I do not deny it. When attacked I will defend myself, and what man or woman here would do less? Yes, I hunt mortals, selecting my targets from those who prey on others. I do not break the terms of the 631 Truce since the Arachnids were never signatories to that truce. We maintain partial autonomy from the Divine Collective and are not bound by specific statutes, although we still abide by common law. This is a matter of public record.
‘At no time in my past have I spuriously attacked a member of divine society, whether god, angel or demigod, without provocation. What would prompt me to attack the Seraph now? Why would I need to enhance my reputation? Have I not proven myself time and again in combat?’
Lady Sophia stands and descends slowly from her throne, ‘I will call recess at this time,’ she announces. ‘A vote will be cast in the next round and a final ruling will be delivered.’
THE VERDICT
‘Lady Aphrodite,’ I join the sensual goddess in a garden enclosure adjoining the main courthouse. She sits upon a stone bench, her robes gathered around her, and looks up as I approach. Her beauty is a stab in the heart; her pale blue eyes, the high dome of her forehead, skin flawless as Taurean diamonds. I struggle through a rising tide of desire. I was ready to accuse her of betraying me to the Seraph – until this moment I was certain it was her. Now I am not so sure.
‘The Seraph – ?’ I cannot complete the question.
‘You know I didn’t betray you,’ she says, her aura pulsing in soft rhythmic waves.
‘How can I know anything?’ I ask.
She takes my hand and places it over her heart, her bosom rising and falling beneath my fingers, her aura yielding to my probe, allowing me to feel the emotions that stir beneath. We share a moment of silence, broken by the gentle slapping of water down the stone steps of a fountain. In that ambient moment all questions are asked and all doubts answered.
She did not betray me.
I am seduced by this kinder truth and I withdraw my hand, relaxing as she smiles up at me and reaches out, and I take her pale hands in my own and kiss each cherished finger.
‘Things will change,’ Aphrodite sighs. ‘I’m almost afraid, Desdemona. Something in me yearns for change, and yet I fear it so.’
I sit beside her on the stone bench. I listen to the call of birds in the blossom branches above us. ‘We are all marked by the beast,’ I tell her. ‘It is the change within that we fear, Gaia.’
‘I never quite know how to take you,’ Aphrodite strokes the volatile strands of my hair and they curl seductively around her fingers. ‘You’re an enigma to us all. Perhaps that’s why they’re afraid of you.’
‘Perhaps.’
‘Do you think the hearing will end well for you?’
I shrug. ‘It could go either way,’ I tell her.
Aphrodite leans towards me, ‘You must enter the CCQ, Genevieve,’ she whispers. ‘You must travel into the heart of the machine mind. There are secrets there that can be accessed by one who is both cunning and swift.’
Cyber-Cypher-Quantum. The CCQ is the unified Ai mind that controls the automated functions of Golgotha Falls. To enter into its virtual realms one must first surrender the flesh, for the CCQ exists outside of physical reality. It is a place I have seldom visited, preferring instead the world of tangible objects.
‘What secrets?’ I ask.
‘The secret of fire,’ she laughs, ‘the secret of wind and water. Things are not always as they seem. In this city there is greater truth in virtual space. Reality is in flux, all of history is nothing but elaborate illusion.’
‘You sound almost cynical.’
‘Will you go into the CCQ?’
‘What am I looking for?’
She breathes a sigh, choosing her next words with care, ‘Enter the Akashic Records, Genevieve. Access the Purgatory files, find out what really happened to the prophet Damascus.’
I stare at her. ‘Argyll Damascus was executed over a century ago,’ I tell her, ‘every school child knows that.’
‘We are not school children, Genevieve.’
‘What do you know of it?’
‘I know nothing. I suspect much.’
‘What do you suspect then?’
‘That we have been sold a great lie.’
‘And you think the CCQ holds the truth?’
‘Will you go there?’
I shrug. ‘You’ve aroused my curiosity.’
‘That’s a good thing, surely?’ She looks troubled, ‘What of this hearing, Genevieve, what if the judgement goes against you?’
‘Let them judge me,’ I say, ‘I fear neither mortal nor god. Let them find me guilty. I will instantly submit myself to their will and they will fear me the more.’
‘You’re staking a lot on this.’
‘I survive on my reputation. If they once think me vulnerable I will be finished.’
‘And are you vulnerable?’
‘Aren’t we all, sweet sister,’ and I leave her with a kiss, the light touch of my lips to hers, an intimacy I treasure for the rest of that day.
*
Lady Sophia once again takes her place on the sterling throne and instantly the courtroom falls silent.
‘It is time to place the matter before the gods,’ she announces.
The gods are each presented with a ballot card upon which to mark their vote, ‘Yay or nay’. The cards are then cast in a number of felt-lined boxes passed from hand to hand around the public galleries. The boxes are returned to the court officials, who bring them before Lady Sophia, and in front of everyone they are opened and their contents counted. To limit the opportunity for fraud the whole affair is as lo-tek as possible.
Deliberately adopting a neutral posture I await my fate with stoicism. Hex’amos Luther impatiently paces the floor as the cards are sorted according to vote. It is a while before the final count is tallied and the results presented to Lady Sophia. She stands.
‘In this matter between the Seraph and Lady Desdemona,’ she announces, ‘the gods find in favour of the Order of Seraph by sixty-seven votes to thirty-eight, with thirteen abstentions.’
In his moment of triumph Luther cries out, whilst behind him the two Seraph vent high-pitched ululations that shatter several crystal bulbs. I stare defiantly at Sophia. Not blinking. Not moving. I have lost the hearing. My mind is blank, my breathing measured.
‘Do you wish this matter to go to full trial?’ Lady Sophia asks me. ‘You still have the right to refute this court’s findings.’
‘I yield to the court,’ I reply, ‘a hearing is good enough for me.’
‘Before the matter can come to rest,’ Lady Sophia turns to the court, ‘is there anyone amongst the gods who wishes to make final representation for either party?’
There is silence. I stare at the galleries, but everyone is avoiding my gaze. Lady Sophia is about to speak again when a voice suddenly cries out,
‘I was dozing, confound it, quite silly of me, quite remiss – of course I want to make representation, of course I do – excuse me, out of my way, blast it, let me through –’ and Hipiscius, the pavement dwelling god, pushes his way onto the central floor, dusting down his dirt-stained clothes and smoothing back his dishevelled hair and so ludicrous a sight does he present that I almost burst out laughing. Hipiscius shuffles across to Hex’amos Luther who stares at him as though trying to will the ragamuffin god out of existence. As Hipiscius passes the holo-projector he taps it with a gnarled finger.
‘Careful,’ Luther warns him, ‘that’s an expensive piece of equipment.’
‘Need to borrow it, old chap,’ Hipiscius tells him, ‘much obliged if you’d show me how it works. I have a data crystal I’d like to play for the court.’
‘I’ll do no such thing,’ Luther angrily declares, ‘get your own damned projector.’
‘Don’t be churlish,’ Lady Sophia admonishes Luther, ‘show the good gentleman how your machine works. I’m sure this will be of interest to us all.’ Luther blushes bright pink at the sound of cold contempt in Lady Sophia’s voice, his face thickening into an embarrassed scowl. Grudgingly he shows Hipiscius how the projector works. Hipiscius inserts his data crystal and a new holo-cube is projected into the air above the courtroom.
‘This is data crystal X-19, series AAJ 3502 -7,’ Hipiscius announces. ‘I entered it into official data records this morning after first verifying its authenticity in the CCQ data vaults. You can see the authentication code on the upper right hand of the cube. Each frame has been run through the strictest analysis and adheres to the CCQ data act 673 AOD.’
‘And so it shall be accepted by the court,’ Lady Sophia replies.
‘Wait a moment–’ Luther protests and his baritone voice has suddenly become shrill and nervous, ‘I want this cube sourced.’
‘I cannot reveal the source of the projection,’ Hipiscius calmly replies, ‘nor am I required to. I am merely required to authenticate it.’
‘I protest….’ Luther cries, ‘I most vehemently protest.’ His eyes look panicked, his face bleached of all colour.
‘On what grounds?’ Lady Sophia asks him.
‘The vote was cast –’ Luther begins.
‘But not yet ratified,’ Lady Sophia points out. ‘Now, please, shall we get on with proceedings?’
*
The holo-cube reveals the MG building on the day of the Seraph attack. The image is of a quality I have never quite seen before. It is as though a window has opened in reality and we are all peering into the district of Narcissus, staring back in time to the fateful day an angel died. I hear exclamations around the courtroom; one of them might have been my own. The image looks more real than the hall I stand in. I have to remind myself it is a mere recording. But how was it created? It was not produced by any of the MG building’s security cameras; instead it appears to have been shot some forty feet off the western flank of the building. I cannot recall anything hovering at this distance. There were no automatons nearby or passing ships or news cruisers. So where did Hipiscius acquire this footage?
Once again my image webs its way across to the roof of the MG building, but unlike the security footage Luther showed the court, this recording is pristine, almost unnatural in its clarity. Despite the distance I can even make out the web-line I am swinging from. I watch as my image comes to rest on the MG roof. I am there for half a minute, no more, before swinging free of the building, resuming my journey home. In that instant the sun slips from behind a cloud. Now is the moment of the attack. The moment Luther’s footage failed to reveal.
I hold my breath.
Sunlight strikes the silicon walls of the MG building and like a vertical funeral pyre it ignites, reflecting the full fury of the noonday sun. It was this reflection that had so conveniently blinded Luther’s cameras. However, Hipiscius’ footage reduces the sun glare to near zero and the footage reveals everything Luther’s failed to; the moment of the Seraph attack, my desperate defence that culminates in the plunging death of the male Seraph.
When the holo-footage ends the entire courtroom is on its feet applauding my courage, yelling my praise, roaring my name – this is the stuff of legend - this is the kind of bald faced daring the gods admire above all else. It is the only thing that can lift them momentarily from their immortal lethargy. They are inspired. For a single moment they are elevated above the crushing weight of their years.
‘This crystal has been tampered with,’ Luther roars. He rushes towards his projector in an attempt to manually eject Hipiscius’ data crystal from the machine. Hipiscius moves with surprising speed for so diminutive a god, flicking his foot out and tripping Luther’s spindly legs. The ovoid demigod crashes over onto his face and rolls several feet before he is able to right himself. The courtroom falls silent.
‘One more outburst, Barrister Luther,’ Lady Sophia hisses, ‘and I’ll hold you in contempt.’
‘But the crystal has been tampered with, your honour,’ Luther wails. ‘He’s using outlawed tek – probability mapping or quantum calculus….’
‘The information has been verified by the CCQ,’ Lady Sophia’s voice cuts Luther to silence. ‘Do you question the authority of the Ai Godfathers, Luther Hex’amos?’
This chastens the barrister. ‘No, Lady Sophia,’ he mumbles, ‘never – of course not – I apologise.’
‘Then be warned, I will tolerate no further interruptions.’
Luther looks crushed as he silently stares up at the holo-cube. As the gods take their seats again one man remains standing, glaring down at me with palpable rage; it is Michael, archangel and warrior supreme.
‘Be seated, Lord Michael,’ Lady Sophia instructs him.
He stands a moment longer; then slowly, grudgingly, returns to his seat, his eyes never once leaving my face.
‘The matter is now decided in favour of Lady Desdemona,’ Sophia announces, ‘the previous vote is declared null and void. Do any protest this decision?’
The Seraph shriek in outrage, and Michael leaps to his feet and roars, ‘Trial by combat. I demand it. A hunting pair of Seraph have been destroyed, Lady Sophia, no matter that they first attacked the spider god. Honour demands a blood settlement at the very least. Are we not worthy of that? Have we not defended with our blood the very pillars of divine society? Have we ever flinched from the duties of our caste? Are we not worthy of settlement? Are we to be cast out like thieves and common assassins? No matter the reason for the Seraph’s indiscretion, we are worthy of settlement in the old way, thrice worthy, and I challenge even the throne of justice to say it is not so.’
There is a thickening in the silence that follows these words. Lady Sophia rises to her feet and stares up at Michael, a light in her eyes that I have not seen before and I have not seen since. Michael stares back at her, his wings spreading like the jaws of his rage. His eyes blaze with open defiance.
‘Do you dare challenge me?’ Lady Sophia sounds almost pleasant, but there is a strange resonance in her voice. The words are soft, but the echoes rain down upon the courtroom like invisible comets.
We are on the verge of war. I can sense it in the air. It only takes Michael to nod his head – just the slightest tilt in the direction of defiance and the second divine war will be upon us. And into this I step. My timing, as ever, is impeccable.
‘I accept a blood settlement,’ I announce, my voice slicing through the tension like a jagged bolt of lightning, ‘with Lady Sophia’s kind permission. The Seraph attacked me, it is true, and I am not legally obliged to respond to their challenge, yet I shall. Let Lord Michael be satisfied with this outcome, unless he has further cause to protest.’
Michael’s momentum has been lost. He looks confused, his eyes shifting back and forth between Sophia and myself. Then slowly he folds his wings behind him and thrusting his chin out, rumbles, ‘I find this satisfactory. I withdraw my comments and offer full apology to Lady Sophia and to all those present. I spoke in haste. I will repent at leisure.’ He sits down stiffly and his head remains bowed throughout the rest of the proceedings.
‘Very well,’ Lady Sophia pronounces, ‘the matter will lie thus. Since Lady Desdemona has agreed to this, I grant the surviving Seraph right to trial by combat. The Lady Desdemona has a month in which to retract her challenge. If she so retracts, the issue will rest and no punitive measures will be allowed against her person. If she is of the same mind at the month’s end the challenge will be set in stone and a date for combat decided. This court has ruled. Go in peace.’
*
Walking back towards the Grand Inn of Mortalities I am in the unusual position of receiving praise and salutations from nearly every one I pass. It seems the events in the courtroom have already entered into folklore. I had been wronged and despite being vindicated I had accepted the Seraph blood challenge rather than allow divine society to fall into civil war. Naturally I am the hero of the hour. It is a simply dreadful feeling, darlings, to be fêted by those who hated you only hours earlier. It is the most disagreeable of things. I hurry to the Grand Inn of Mortalities and make haste to depart Cognitia. Djoba, the little darling, has already packed my belongings and forwarded them to Castle Arineae. I settle my bill with the Inn and arrange shuttle transportation back to District Narcissus.
*
Before departure I visit Hipiscius’ tent one last time. I wish to thank him for his timely intervention in court, but there is another reason for my visit. As I approach his pavement dwelling the little god pokes his head out from between the tent curtains and grins up at me. Entering into the contrasting luxury of the tent’s interior, I accept Hipiscius’ generous offer of mint tea and biscuits.
‘How do you create a space within which is larger than the dimensions enclosing it?’ I stare around his pavement tent.
‘Oh,’ Hipiscius dismisses this as trivial, ‘some tek I acquired from Creeptown; not really supposed to have it, but who’s to know?’
‘Is Creeptown where you got the footage you brought to court today?’ I ask this question sooner than I had intended. I expect him to deny it, but Hipiscius surprises me by shrugging and nodding.
‘Of course, of course,’ he says. ‘It was risky, you know, I couldn’t reveal the source, but there are invisible eyes everywhere, monitoring us from the ether, peering at our lives from every impossible angle. Nothing is hidden from four dimensional view.’
‘Why did you help me?’
‘A favour for a friend.’ He brings me tea and biscuits and I sip and munch reflectively.
‘Are you my friend, Hipiscius?’ I ask bluntly when he has settled down beside me.
‘I am,’ Hipiscius declares. ‘You saved my life during the war and I never forget a good deed.’
‘I owe you much in return,’ I tell him.
‘A trifle,’ he scoffs impatiently, ‘just remember the spectacles I gave you. The companion pair are waiting for you in Jericho if you decide to go.’
I nod. I had not forgotten. ‘Just before the Seraph attacked me,’ I tell him, ‘I had a vision. I saw tiny entities floating in space. There were thousands of them, forming an endless grid; all staring down at me. I tried to use my scrying eyes on them, but they had neither past nor future; only a present.’
‘Interesting,’ Hipiscius says.
I continue. ‘I’m telling you this because at the time I thought they were hallucinations. Then when I saw the footage you presented to the court I began to wonder if they weren’t perhaps something more.’
‘Indeed,’ Hipiscius nods as though none of this has anything at all to do with him.
I clear my throat politely, ‘What were they, Hipiscius?’ I ask him.
‘Gaya,’ he says with a mysterious little smile.
‘Gaya,’ I repeat, ‘you mentioned them before. What are they?’
‘What they are depends on who you are,’ he says.
‘I don’t follow.’
‘All in good time,’ Hipiscius winks, ‘all in good time.’
I finish my tea in silence, dwelling on his words. When it is time to leave I kiss him on both cheeks. ‘If ever you need help…’ I begin.
‘True friends,’ he says, giving me a tight hug, ‘can dispense with the pleasantries every once in a while’
*
I walk the short distance to the shuttle port, the taste of mint tea a pleasant reminder of my time spent in Hipiscius’ magical tent. I do not glance back at Cognitia as I board the shuttle, even as we slip out of port and every head cranes to take in the fabulous vista of that floating district. It is beautiful, I know, a city above the clouds, tilting away from the angle of our departure, but it holds few good memories for me.
I stare ahead, my concentration fixed on the dark tunnel of future that opens before me. I have temporarily thwarted my enemies, but I recall the look of pure hatred in Lord Michael’s face as he stared down at me from the public gallery. He is a dangerous enemy, one who is willing to risk open warfare just to see me fall. I can guess the source of this hatred. Damu Gilfrey, a mortal who lived and died a hundred and fifty years ago. Michael still hasn’t forgotten that little point of contention between us. I am comfortable with that. Familiar enough with hatred to know that Michael and I will meet again, face to face, and on that day there will be no legal apparatus to draw lines of distinction between us.
I am satisfied with my visit to Cognitia, the so-called City of Gods. I have enhanced my reputation by no small measure and I am fully aware that in the dangerous future that lies ahead, this might yet prove the only difference between life and death.
VIBE
GHOST
The Spider trailed the ghost to the Agitario Novarium on L Street where she watched it queue for an hour to get into the club. There was a large crowd gathered outside the Agitario. It was a popular nightspot with clubbers from the Meridian and Lower Corinthian districts and they’d come dressed to tame the night. Self-mutilated drag queens mingled with asexual castrato and streetwise hermaphrodites, gama clones chatted with stiletto tall Brides of Yama. The brides were telepaths raised on low grav worlds, so tall they had to wear special exoskeletons to prevent their brittle bones collapsing in earth’s gravity field. On any given night the freaks were legion on the streets of Indigo South, but the Agitario seemed to attract the cream of the crop.
Too concerned with their own position in the queue, no one in the crowd realised the ghost was amongst them. The ghost for its part stood with hunched shoulders and every now and again shuffled forward when the queue moved, but mostly it just stood there and waited. And across the street, her curiosity aroused, the Spider squatted in shadows and watched.
*
Of all the Novariums on L Street the Agitario was the most celebrated. A former opera house, the Agitario Novarium stood nine stories high and covered a block in radius, boasting the kind of architectural features usually found only in Grand Babylon. Its balcony gardens were arranged in continuous tiers that rose along the immense face of the building, support columns resembling the massive over ground roots of banyan trees. Statues glared haughtily down at the street, nestled amongst the banyan columns like woodland sprites. It was a gothic monster of a building, not so much a club as a whole community of clubs all co-existing beneath one massive roof.
L Street was arty enough to attract the right mix of clientele to its fabulous Novariums and Spice Bovars, its trendy Crash Galleries and Cloud Domes. This was where psyche vets came to cash in the last of their humanity. Of all L Street’s many attractions its Novariums were the most fêted. It was here that the addictive nova beat found its temple for expression. Nova beat was the musical craze that had swept Golgotha Falls in recent months, capturing the minds and the credit chips of the city’s youth. It was an off-world import, its origins shrouded in mystery - but from the moment it arrived on earth, nova beat spread with the speed of contagion.
*
Resting in the cleavage of a large bronze statue of Callista, goddess of interpretations, the Spider scanned the front of the Agitario as the ghost waited in line, hands sunk into its pockets, face hidden beneath a large baggy cap. It didn’t seem out of place amongst the many clubbers queuing that night. But for its tells the Spider wouldn’t have guessed it was a ghost at all.
But ghost it was. She did not, of course, refer to the archaic meaning of the word ghost. This was not a supernatural creature she was pursuing, not some ectoplasmic residue of the human id, but rather a full-blown psyche virus that had the rather unique ability to leap from mind to mind, body to body, like a personality in search of a host.
*
At last the ghost was granted entry, moving through the open jaws of the club, past the heavy-world doormen and into the labyrinthine darkness of the Agitario.
*
The Spider made her move. Snaking cables of high-tension web across the street, she hooked the ornate roof of the Agitario. Snagging the jutting statues of club land saints, she uses her cast as a tightrope, crossing the street like a dark prayer. She was over the protruding lip of the Agitario roof in seconds, flattening against the ground as the navigation arcs of passing cutters swept over the club, illuminating the dark around her with panicked needles of light. Her scrying eyes opened, scanning future and past, looking for security tells, motion detectors, architectural anomalies, anything that might give away her position. She moved silent and fast through a maze of towers and sub roofs, scuttling up vertical walls, leaping from perch to perch, head swivelling, eyes raking the shadows.
She came at last to the vents - massive propeller shafts sucking fresh air down into the lungs of the Agitario – and braced against the edge of a vent she sprayed webbing into the arc of the propeller blades spinning below her. There was a furious snarl as antique motors tried to force the blades through the Spider’s web lines, slowing until they shuddered to a standstill. It would not be long before the webs gave way and the propellers started pumping again, but long enough for the Spider to slip through the gap between the stationary blades and crawl down the throat of the shaft.
ANGEL EYES
Floral wallpaper, yellow satin with patterns of crimson orchids – arched doorways on either side of a narrow passage – a feeling of confinement.
Incense laced the air, disguising the heavier aromas of opiates and hallucinogens that crawled through the veins of the building. The Spider stood in the passages of the Agitario and stretched. The airshafts had been narrow and complex, more so than she’d anticipated; but for her highly flexible nature she’d never have made it this far. But there was cost. It felt as though she’d pulled a muscle under her right shoulder blade, a tight stab of pain every so often, nothing critical.
As she walked along the passages the Spider felt the heavy vibrations of club anthems, pulsing through the walls and the ceilings, vibrating the floorboards beneath her feet. Heavy bass shuddered through her body, amplified by the hollow spaces within her, wailing altos pierced her brain sharp as sonic knives, too distant to register as sound. She felt the madness of separate rhythms coalescing into one monstrous whole, assaulting her super heightened senses like breaker waves against a buckling shore.
‘Become rhythm,’ Father Fabian, the head of her church, had once told the Spider, ‘surrender to the first language, the secret language that allows all to become all.’ But she was not here to surrender to rhythm. She was here to hunt the ghost, the most elusive and most fascinating of prey, a beast that could jump from body to body and mind to mind and leave behind no trace of its passing. This was the kind of challenge the Spider revelled in.
*
She passed an open doorway partially covered by a beaded curtain. There was soft music coming through the curtain, mellow and hypnotic; Bedouin music such as they played in the open souks of District Simoom. The Spider paused by the doorway. She smelled Tongue-of-Job, a highly potent narcotic, a hint of god’s grace, or ambrosia as it was sometimes known, the drug all the Elohim depended upon to maintain their divinity.
As she stood in front of the beaded doorway she scried the future; her topmost eyes flaring open for a brief second:
Her scrying eyes tell her she will enter the room. A small room filled with ultraviolet light. There will be an angel lying on a recliner, goggles over her eyes, smoking lazily from an opium pipe. The angel will raise her head, ‘Are you the Archangel Gabriel?’ she will ask the Spider and burst out laughing.
The Spider closed her scrying eyes. She entered the room. It was a small room filled with ultraviolet light, just as her vision had revealed to her. There was an angel lying on a green leather recliner. She was naked, her mighty wings spread open around her, flapping gently, rhythmically, as though surfing the currents of her visions. She wore goggles – no – they were not goggles – the Spider realised they were cybergenic, fused directly to the angel’s visual cortex; angeleyes, capable of seeing in multiple energy spectrums at once. She was smoking lazily on an opium pipe, its snaking spout coiled around a perfect right breast. Her nipples were erect and she was gently teasing the moist area between her legs.
The angel was ronin, masterless, a divine dropout; one of those free operatives who’d relinquished their divinity in favour of a more hedonistic lifestyle. She once had a name, the spider knew her as Naamah, a former consort of Sammael, that most enigmatic of archangels. But now she was ‘fallen’, openly declaring herself the angel of harlots and dark secrets, preferring these days to go nameless and despised.
The angel raised her beautiful head as Desdemona entered the room, blue hair spilling back across the recliner, her goggles reflecting twin images of the Spider.
‘Are you the Angel Neon,’ she asked and chuckled to herself, laying her head back on the recliner and taking a deep puff on her pipe. Smoke coiled out of her nostrils as she moaned softly to herself, tossing her head this way and that, her chest heaving, her skin glistening with soft pearls of perspiration.
‘I am Desdemona of the House of Arachnids,’ the Spider replied.
The angel was stoned immaculate. She reached out and stroked the faces of phantom lovers, her body arching up against their illusionary flesh.
‘I have intruded upon you,’ the Spider bowed, uncomfortable with the woman’s actions, ‘I will leave.’
‘You will die, and this you will do in order to be born, Lady Desdemona of the House of Arachnids,’ the angel sighed, touching her fingers to her lips as though the very words she uttered brought her pleasure. ‘You will fall in order to rise. The gods will turn on you and even mortals will seek your life. You will be alone, hunted, like an animal,’ she sighed again, a gasp, fingers working frantically between her legs and then she climaxed softy, moaning deep in her throat. When she had recovered she smiled up at the Spider and said, ‘True gods are forged in fire,’ and laying her head back on the recliner she appeared to go to sleep, her wings enveloping her like a white death shroud.
Slowly and deliberately the Spider said, ‘In Balthaazar, earlier today, I was sitting in a roadside café –’
The angel raised her head slightly and said, ‘The cafés in Balthaazar provide an excellent range in chum weed.’
The Spider nodded. ‘I was, in fact, smoking chum weed with some Balthaazan merchant friends of mine at the time –’
‘I must confess,’ the angel said, ‘I’ve never tried chum weed… it turns you into a raving insomniac I’ve heard.’
The Spider shrugged. ‘On the contrary, I find it sooths me.’
The angel smiled. ‘Of all the mind altering substances I’ve ever imbibed,’ she said, ‘I find complete sobriety to be the most frightening of all.’
The Spider continued. ‘I was sitting in a roadside café when a girl happened past, a young Balthaazan woman, trendy, in every way un-noteworthy apart from the fact she was listening to nova beat –’
‘Ah,’ said the angel as though a lot of things made sense all at once, but she said nothing further.
‘The youth of today have chips implanted in their brains,’ the Spider explained.
‘So I’ve heard,’ the angel nodded. ‘They download entertainment through these chips - directly into their brains. It’s quite shocking, a fad no doubt; it will soon pass.’
‘The girl who passed the café was listening to nova beat through her implant,’ Desdemona said.
The angel frowned, her wings spreading wide to fill half the room. ‘How did you know what the girl was listening to, if it was jacked straight into her brain?’ she asked.
‘I have sensitive hearing,’ the Spider replied. ‘But the reason I bring this up is because of a strange thing that occurred whilst I watched this girl.’
‘The girl listening to nova beat?’ the angel seemed to be losing the thread of the conversation.
‘The only girl I’ve thus far mentioned,’ the Spider said curtly.
‘I’m just having problems focussing tonight,’ the angel waved her to continue.
The Spider resumed her narrative. ‘Something entered into the girl’s mind as she crossed my field of vision – something ugly and alien and conniving, something that entered her using nova beat as a carrier frequency and her neural implant as a doorway.’
‘Something entered into her mind,’ the angel breathed. ‘That’s a simple enough statement. Yet it could mean so many things.’
The Spider nodded, ‘By something I mean a personality, a neural frequency complete and separate from the girl’s. It entered her mind unnoticed, like a thief, a ghost, and after it appeared the girl started behaving oddly.’
‘Oddly?’
‘She began wandering around aimlessly, examining things; studying people, as though everything she encountered on that street was suddenly novel and unfamiliar. She went up to a man in a café and sat opposite him and watched him eat until he became fed up and asked her to take off. After that she stood staring at an infant crying in an auto pram until the pram prodded her and told her to move on.’
‘Odd,’ the angel confessed, ‘but hardly strange.’
‘Indeed,’ said the Spider, ‘I followed the girl until she passed a male youth listening to the same nova beat.’
‘Through a neural chip?’
‘Yes. When she passed the boy the personality leapt from the girl’s mind to the boy’s.’
‘What exactly do you mean by leapt?’
‘I’m not certain,’ the Spider confessed, ‘it simply leapt. One second its frequency was emanating from the girl, the next it was in the boy. Is that clear enough for you?’ The Spider allowed the angel time to digest this information before continuing. ‘The girl was pretty befuddled after the ghost left her, but she recovered her wits soon enough and went back to whatever she was doing before she became possessed.’
‘No doubt the boy began to act oddly after that.’
The Spider nodded. ‘I followed the ghost across three districts as it hijacked mind after mind, youth after youth; always the ones listening to nova beat, always the ones with neural implants. It wasn’t easy – tracking a creature this elusive – sometimes I’d lose the frequency completely, but in the end I tracked it here, to this club. The home of nova beat as it were.’
The angel looked around as though the ghost might possibly be hiding here, in this bare room of purple light and blue dreams. ‘That’s quite a tale,’ she sucked on her opium pipe, ‘and quite a feat to track a simple frequency. But I wonder why the Lady Desdemona shares this information with me. I am hardly in a position to help in your quest – even had I wanted to.’
‘You are in a perfect position to help me,’ the Spider replied. ‘You can help advise me, angel. I do not wish to destroy the mortal vessel containing the ghost, only the ghost itself.’
‘Why do you wish to destroy the ghost?’
‘Because it is an anomaly.’
‘Are you a destroyer of anomalies?’
‘Better safe than sorry.’
‘Killing the mortal will not, in any event, kill the ghost,’ the angel said, ‘it will simply leap to another mind. You need to trace its source.’
‘Apparently its source is nova beat.’
‘Then you must destroy the vibe.’
‘How does one destroy vibration, angel?’
‘That, dear lady, is an exceedingly good question.’
She would receive no further help from the angel, she knew. So the Spider left the semi divine being in a less than divine stupor and made her way deeper into the Club Agitario.
MOTION
The Spider came to the first of the club’s seven principle auditoriums. It was a hall of heroic proportions, its high walls crawling with fleshy tentacles thick as Saturn vine, vast holographic eyes glaring down from the ceiling with unblinking concentration.
In the centre of the auditorium’s ceiling was a molten orifice; a gargantuan female mouth that sang epic arias whilst deejays floated through the air on grav discs, resembling a flock of celestial overseers.
They barely looked human anymore, these deejays, hard wired to virt decks, flesh bonded with machinery, they were pulse monsters and vibe beasts, amorphous, mutated by their purity of vision. Their minds manifested the music that drove this temple. Their machines translated these neural harmonics into audible sound, the club itself acting as a giant resonance chamber, the walls amplifying the thought vibrations of the deejays a million fold, until the very air trembled with their beat.
Operatic light fell through the club, saturating everything in myth and secrets, the clubbers on the multi-level dance floors were hard-core novitiates, dance whores in the common vernacular, meat extensions of the vibe. They danced in boneless ecstasy, loose limbed, blank faced, puppets attached to the deejays above by strings of pure rhythm, bodies translating the vibe into dark, communal motion.
There were hundreds of clubbers packing the three dance floors, hundreds more prowling the fringes where the long silhouette bars touted every addiction known to man or god. They stared through the Spider as she walked amongst them, their eyes focused on some impossible horizon. She was invisible to them - just the way she preferred it. She was tracking the ghost, her radar sweeping the auditorium, trying to isolate her target’s frequency, but it was near impossible. Nova beat pulsed down upon the Spider like hard rain, she could feel its potency drumming at the walls of her mind, demanding she let it in, surrender to it, becoming one with its relentless percussion. It was near impossible, but somehow she managed to tune the beat out as she probed the auditorium, searching for that one blip on her radar that would pinpoint the ghost.
It was not here. Not in this hall. She could tell almost at once. There were seven separate clubs in the Agitario Novarium. She had six left to check.
*
Each auditorium seemed larger than the last, each unique, each with its own character and flair, and yet all were unified by the pervasive vibe that was nova beat. It filled the auditoriums and the passages and halls between them; it filled the air ducts and the space between walls. It seemed to emanate not from within the Agitario, but from deep within the bowels of the earth itself; a primal sound that coiled around the human cortex and nourished the mind with visions of nirvana, a sound that replaced language and reason and became language and reason.
The Spider moved from club to club, and the deeper she was drawn into the Agitario the deeper she was drawn into the heart of the vibe. It was threatening to overwhelm her with its insanity, flailing her flesh with whips of molten rhythm, hacking away at her resistance until she felt she would haemorrhage from the pressure.
She activated her body shield – a high resonance Deckler® field covering her from head to foot in a film of quicksilver – her own form defined now only by the reflections bouncing off her sonic armour. When the music hit the Spider’s shield, the sound waves distorted. She still heard the beat by the time it reached her, but it was sluggish now, drawn out, deprived of much of its power. At this frequency she heard the subliminal words hiding within the music.
Why are you looking for me? The words, like the music, were pure vibration, but the waves were slower, longer. What do you want with me?
The Spider was effectively blind. The shield slowed sound, warped it, protecting her from the full force of the vibe, but she could no longer use her senses to locate the ghost, not whilst the shield remained activated.
Let me in, goddess. Surrender to me, I demand it.
The Spider was moving down narrow passages lit by neon tubing, wading through shoals of clubbers, all flocking in the opposite direction. They turned to her as she pushed past them, mouthing the words she could now detect beneath the layered madness of the vibe:
Let me in, goddess. Surrender to me, I demand it.
The clubbers were one beast, one vibe, reaching out with manicured fingers to caress the Spider’s shield distortion – eyes like gaping wounds in their heads, spilling weird light down their cheeks, tears like liquid rhythm. Let me in, goddess; they whispered. Surrender to me, I demand it.
A couple were kissing passionately in a curtained alcove, their passion synchronised, artificial, part of their elaborate dance. They drew the curtains aside as the Spider passed them. ‘You are one, we are many,’ they said in unison. The Spider turned to them and their faces became elastic, flesh dissolving into pure vibration. Their form became volatile, rhythm spikes erupting out of their flesh, thick and jagged, like sound waves registering on a spectra graph.
The Spider felt as though she was being tilted into the abyss. This had started out as a hunt – her hunt – but she began to suspect she was the one being hunted. The passages were narrow, dark, the walls becoming more organic the deeper she went. Doorways began to resemble human orifices; passages became throats. Human eyes like white blisters stared down at her from the ribbed ceiling. She was losing all sense of space and time in this place; she was beginning to imagine this vibe had always existed and that the world before nova beat had been an elaborate hoax, a cunning fiction. Reality had been dressed up in a cloak of ambiguities. In this club the cloak had been removed. This was hard-core reality. The naked now.
*
She entered the sixth club. It was there that she encountered the ghost.
SHEEP
She did not find the ghost in the end. It found her.
She made her way through dense crowds. In the air above her the vibe was being interpreted by maverick hologram programs; deep sea leviathans gliding through ribbons of silver light, giant squid using high pressure valves to propel themselves from wall to wall, mermaids and mermen sewing shards of celestial light upon the sweating, heaving clubbers below.
A face materialised out of the crowd. A small man appeared, middle aged, balding, his teeth and eyes made luminous by ultraviolet light strobes hanging from the club rigging. This close to the ghost the Spider recognised its frequency at once. The man smiled up at her. ‘Yes,’ he mouthed, ‘I am the thing you are looking for.’
Yes: the rhythm echoed all around her: We are the thing you are looking for.
The man indicated that the Spider should follow him.
She did so.
They moved to a private booth. There were people relaxing in the booth, but they all left as soon as the man entered, as though he had passed them a secret signal. The man turned to the Spider as she followed him inside. The sound of nova beat was muted here, less pervasive, and the Spider retracted her Deckler® shield so that her senses were unimpeded during this confrontation.
‘What are you?’ demanded the Spider.
‘I am vibe,’ said the ghost, ‘I would have thought that apparent.’
‘That’s ridiculous,’ snapped the Spider, ‘music is not cognisant. I suspect you are a psyche virus, no more.’
The ghost shrugged, it seemed at ease with its stolen flesh. ‘You’ve already made your mind up, I see.’
‘You use the vibe as a means of accessing the human psyche,’ the Spider continued, ‘I have observed you in action. I am not certain how you are able to do this, but the how is not as important as the why.’
The man sat down in a leather armchair. He seemed completely at home. He crossed his legs and rested his chin on his steepled fingers and smiled at her as though the Spider was a guest and he an amiable host. ‘I am not certain why I exist,’ he said, ‘but then neither are you, Lady Desdemona, and that’s because the underlying structure of all matter, as well you know, is simple frequency. The more complex the frequency the more complex the objects it manifests.’
The Spider shook her head impatiently. ‘This is getting us nowhere,’ she said.
The man held up a hand. ‘Please,’ he sighed, ‘it is getting us everywhere. I’m not telling you this for my own good, you’re the one wandering around here like a lost sheep. I thought I might as well put you out of your misery.’
The Spider made a show of bridling at his tone, but secretly her mind was racing – processing information at an inhuman rate. She had to find a chink in this creature’s armour; the more it told her the easier that task would be.
‘Every creature, every object in existence, can be identified by the sound it makes as it resonates against the harmonic plane,’ the ghost was saying. ‘In fact, the entire physical universe first originated at the harmonic level, a sort of primal trembling if you will. The objects we see around us, the things we consider solid, are simply echoes of that fundamental sound. It stands to reason that any frequency that raises itself above a certain complexity threshold will attain cognisance, anything below that threshold will remain largely inert. I am of sufficient complexity to say I am! That is all cognisance requires.’
At once the Spider saw a flaw in the ghost’s logic. ‘If nova beat is sufficiently complex to become self-aware,’ she said, ‘then why do you require stolen flesh? It stands to reason you are not meant to exist in this reality.’
‘Yet here I am,’ said the man. ‘It is a puzzle, is it not? From the moment I was born I sensed I had purpose, a reason for being as opposed to not being. I was drawn here to the source of me, the essence of me. Here in this place I am everyone and no one. It is a splendid sensation, to be one in so many unique ways.’
‘Towards what grand purpose?’
The man shrugged. ‘Wish I knew,’ he said with a hint of regret. ‘Do you expect me to have all the answers?’
‘You are an anomaly,’ the Spider said.
‘That is why you wish to destroy me?’
‘Yes.’
‘Very well, I won’t stand in your way.’
She felt a surreal moment of detachment when the ghost said this, as though she had lived this moment over and over. So intense was this feeling of déjà vu that the Spider felt the room begin to sway around her. She bit down hard on her lower lip, tasting blood as her teeth punctured the flesh.
‘You will?’ she said as her head slowly cleared. ‘You will allow me to destroy you?’
‘Yes,’ said the man, ‘perhaps that is the reason I exist, to experience death. Perhaps that’s how I learn.’
‘You seem very fatalistic for a virus.’
‘That is because I am not a virus, madam. I am vibe. Pure harmony. I would have expected you of all people to understand a concept as elegant as that.’
‘And you accept that you must be destroyed?’
‘Why not? I’ve no doubt we’ll both learn something from the experience.’ The ghost leaned forward, suddenly serious, his voice dropping to a conspiratorial whisper, ‘Furthermore, I will tell you the exact means of my dispatch.’
‘That’s very forthcoming of you.’
‘And why not? You took the trouble of following me all this way, it’s the least I can do.’ He leaned back again and the smile returned to his face. ‘In the seventh and final club there is a master deejay. All the other deejays in this club are enslaved to her. She is known as the vibe queen. What she thinks the others simply resonate. If you destroy the vibe queen you destroy the source of the vibe and by consequence me.’
‘What about the other novariums?’ the Spider asked. ‘There must be a thousand clubs in this district alone that play nova beat. How would the death of one deejay resolve the issue?’
‘This club is the source of my particular frequency,’ the ghost replied, ‘no two master deejays play the same beat. No two beats produce the same vibe. Destroy the vibe queen and you destroy the vibe.’
‘And all I do is walk in and kill her?’
‘Of course I won’t make it easy for you. It is the natural instinct of every creature to fight for self-preservation.’
‘And yet you just gave me the means to kill you,’ the Spider reminded him.
‘Perhaps I was lying. Perhaps I am bluffing. You can only trust I’m being sincere when I tell you that the way to kill me is to kill my source. In the mean time I will use any and all means at my disposal to stop you.’
The Spider flexed her force field around her body, becoming chrome reflections in an instant. ‘So be it,’ she said, the air around her shimmering with the power of her Deckler® shield.
‘Really,’ the ghost yawned, ‘you’re so damned intractable, Desdemona. Why bother killing me? I’m not harming anyone. I’m just curious, that’s all. I don’t even think I was meant to last very long. Couple more days and I’ll probably burn out. Sentient rhythm has been with mankind since before the dawn of time. We’ve just gone unnoticed until now. We are the inspiration behind all art, the anomaly that drives the species. Did you know that music was man’s earliest form of communication, before his vocal cords discovered the trick of language? It’s true. Music is the language of the cradle. A foetus recognises the rhythm of its mother’s voice, even before it understands the meaning of her words. What does this tell us? That rhythm comes before meaning. Why not just let me be, goddess? Let me live out my short span of life. Why not, aye?’
‘Because,’ said the Spider.
‘Because what?’ asked the ghost.
‘Because I do so love the hunt.’
SAM
The moment she stepped out of the booth they were waiting for her. Only minutes earlier the clubbers had seemed oblivious to the Spider, now they formed an ugly mob around the entrance to the booth; mocks, howlers, castrato, minks, novitiates, Brides of Yama, the ghost staring at the Spider through a thousand pairs of eyes, its voice issuing from a thousand lips. ‘Protect the queen!’ a whisper that gathered in urgency, rippling outwards from those at the front of the mob until it filled the entire auditorium. ‘Protect the queen!’
It was in the vibe itself, rolling around the auditorium like subliminal thunder: protect the queen! Protect the queen!
The clubbers came at the Spider in a muted rush, feral and ugly, wielding steel pipes and broken bottles. They had no fear of the goddess – no fear for their own safety – they rode the black wave of nova beat, one heart, one mind, one murderous will. The Spider had no desire to harm the clubbers, she’d prefer to kill the program without destroying the hardware; a trick she’d witnessed Djoba perform a thousand times on his blessed computers. As they rushed her she leapt high and clear of the mob, her false legs coming down hard, using the ground as leverage and propelling her straight up into the air.
At the height of her leap she released a strand of web that snagged overhead rigging, snapping taut, and then the Spider was moving fast, arcing across the club, releasing lines, spinning them ahead of her. Below her the clubbers looked like an angry sea swell as they rushed after her, hurling bottles and chairs into the air. She outpaced them effortlessly, swinging inverted, her scrying eyes reading ahead of her, scanning the hall for the best escape route.
*
She crawled through lightless air ducts, switching her Deckler® shield off to preserve its battery and to allow her to read the vibrations in the air ahead, essential if she was to navigate in the dark. She elongated her body, flattening, narrowing, lengthening, inching around impossible corners; flowing along claustrophobic shafts. The enclosed walls trembled around her, filled with the subterranean power of nova beat, even here it found her, taking advantage of her deactivated Deckler® shield to bombard her with subliminal messages;
You don’t want to kill me, goddess. I am not your enemy. I am vibe. I am harmony. Surrender to me, goddess, I will take you through the navel of the universe and into unimaginable, inconceivable dimensions – let go, goddess, I demand fusion.
The Spider sensed a bubble of calm ahead of her; a room that appeared insulated from the vibe, five metres away, maybe less, the beat made it so damned hard to focus. She wormed her way through the ducts, following her blunted senses until judging she was directly above the shielded room she punched a hole down through the steel floor of the vent and tore a wound wide enough to crawl through.
*
She dropped into a hexagonal hall of crimson wall panels, silk curtains hanging from the high mirrored ceiling, undulating folds of amber, mauve and turquoise. The hall appeared to be some kind of aquarium, sound resistant, its temperature set at a constant 32° C. Large water tanks had been arranged in grid fashion around the room, each one containing a marine animal that floated in blue isolation. There were dolphins and porpoise, baluba whales and large phosphorous squid and many off-world mammals that the Spider could not identify. There were plaques at the bottom of each tank. They did not describe the species within. Instead each plaque was inscribed with a simple name.
BOB
JAN
JUDE
MICK
The Spider assumed these were the names of the animals imprisoned within. This suggested they were something more than mere exhibits, but the use of capitalisation indicated they were somewhat less than individuals.
The animals stared back out at the Spider, motionless, but for the slight flicker of a fin or the slow uncoiling of a tentacle, ribbons of submarinal light dancing across their submerged flesh. She could tell these creatures were different somehow; their tells were highly complex, their thought vibrations far too abstract for simple beasts. She came to a tank containing a large blue-grey dolphin. She studied it as it drifted in near motionless currents, its head turned towards her, eyes gazing intently into her own. She suspected a mind altered by gene tampering, or perhaps deep space transportation had mutated the dolphin’s morphology as occasionally happened. Whatever the reason its tells were completely abnormal, peaking in the high range of human cognisance.
The plaque at the bottom of the dolphin’s tank read: SAM. The dolphin swam up to the Spider and pressed its nose against the glass. At once strange symbols lit up across the surface of the tank, luminous icons that might have been computer glyphs, and a voice, soft and melodious, rolled around the aquarium.
‘I am Sam.’
The Spider realised it was the dolphin addressing her, its thoughts somehow converted to intelligible sound and filtered into the hall through hidden speakers.
‘Sam,’ she said, ‘Sam the fish.’
‘Desdemona the spider-god.’ Sam seemed to be smiling.
This caught her by surprise. ‘You know me?’
Sam closed his eyes. ‘We know much that is known, we know much that is not.’ The voice filled the hall with whispering echoes.
The Spider noticed ghostly images forming in the water of the dolphin’s tank; faces that were human and fish and strange fusions of the two, appearing and disappearing like opium visions. Sam seemed capable of taking the thoughts in his head and forming them in the water around him. The Spider was impressed; a mind that could control its external reality was a rare thing indeed.
Sam opened his eyes again and at once images of the Spider’s face filled the tank, fleeting and distorted; disappearing a scant instant after they were formed. They were monstrous faces, twisted and diabolical. The Spider wondered if this was the way her victim’s saw her in their last despairing moments.
‘You are in a place you should not be in,’ Sam’s voice whispered all around the Spider. ‘You are asking all the wrong questions.’
This amused the Spider. ‘What questions am I asking?’
‘All the inevitable ones.’
‘And what questions should I be asking?’
‘All the rest.’
The Spider pressed her face up against the tank. ‘Tell me, fish,’ she said savagely, ‘do you dream of the wide open ocean? Do you dream of the endless blue whilst you wallow in your manmade tank?’
Sam stared out at her. ‘When I close my eyes,’ he replied, ‘I am the ocean. When I dream I am the blue, what more do I need? The space that encloses me is the illusion. Just as illusionary as the space that encloses you.’
The Spider shook her head. ‘No space encloses me, fish,’ she said.
‘You have not yet learned to see beyond the illusion,’ said Sam.
‘Why do they keep you here?’
‘I am a deejay,’ said Sam, ‘a respected employee of this club, for which service I am granted room and board. ‘
‘A deejay,’ the Spider scoffed. ‘Are you insulting me, fish?’
‘Only if you are easily insulted,’ replied Sam. ‘Why are you here, Spider?’
‘I came here looking for an entity, a ghost. It uses the human mind to broadcast its signal – in such a manner it moves from mind to mind.’
‘A false mind, hmmm.’ Sam seemed intrigued by the concept.
‘Are you aware of such a phenomenon?’
‘Yes, yes, indeed I am,’ Sam nodded eagerly, ‘it is called ego; every human mind I have thus far encountered is infected with this very ghost.’
The Spider clenched her fists. ‘This is not a philosophy debate, fish,’ she snarled.
‘Then it is no true debate at all,’ replied Sam. ‘Fare well, Spider.’
And turning tail he slowly swam away.
*
The Spider went to the entrance of the aquarium. It was sealed. She thumbed the lock panel to green and braced herself as the double doors whispered open, her Deckler® shield forming around her in a protective flash. As the doors opened nova beat rushed into the aquarium, sound waves retarding as soon as they hit the Spider’s shield, mutating into words –
‘Ah, there you are – quickly, goddess – straight ahead, first left, second door on the right – enter, enter – kill me – strike at my heart – do not delay.’
‘Close the bloody doors,’ Sam’s voice boomed around the aquarium and obligingly the Spider thumbed the outside panel and the aquarium doors whispered closed again.
LAIR OF THE VIBE QUEEN
As she turned a corner the Spider saw a man sitting against a wall, hugging his knees. He seemed in great distress, but only as she neared him could she make out his words.
‘My brain fucking hurts,’ he was wheezing, ‘uh-uh-uh, puss, fuck, cunt, whore, na-na-na-na, can’t hear you, can’t fucking hear you, oh, gods, make it go away…Who’s that? Who’s there? Is that me out there, am I me in here?’ He started laughing then abruptly slammed his head back against the bulkhead, ‘No!’ he roared, ‘me, me, me, gotta remember me. I’m me, you’re me, we’re all me…where am I, who am I, who the fuck cares?’ He started whimpering, ‘Oh, gods, make it stop…please make it stop’
As the Spider passed the disconsolate man he snapped his head up and cried, ‘I know you, I fucking know you…’ She turned. The man was staring straight up at her.
‘Yes,’ he hissed, wincing with pain, ‘yes, messages coming through, hold on a minute,’ his face convulsed, eyes rolling up to whites, nostrils flaring, ‘gods, yes,’ he cried, ‘you’re her, the fallen one, Desdemona….’
‘And you are?’
The man’s eyes snapped into focus, they were filled with horror, ‘I don’t know,’ he sobbed, ‘I don’t fucking know….they won’t tell me…’
‘They?’
‘Them, voices, puke tongues, hard-core mantras, fuck, nuh-nuh, my head, its fucking burning…’ He grabbed his skull and started violently rocking back and forth, veins bulging from his temples, teeth gleaming phosphorous white in the neon gloom.
‘What do the voices tell you?’ the Spider asked.
The man abruptly calmed down, as though the question had unlocked something inside him. He stopped rocking. ‘The house,’ he whispered, ‘it’s calling to you, goddess, its calling your name…the house wants to swallow you, filled with dead men, long-ago men, crawling with mildew and madness…’
‘The Agitario?’ Desdemona assumed the man was referring to the club.
‘No…deeper…underground, deep, deep underground, the mad house, the one they forgot about…’
‘Does this house have a name?’
‘The Neural Mansion, goddess, it’s calling to you, whispering your name, over and over and over and…’ He started slamming his head against the bulkhead again, his voice rising to a thin, pitiful shriek.
The Neural Mansion. The Spider frowned. She’d heard of it, a building every bit as enigmatic as Jericho, rumoured to have been the testing ground for exotic new weapons during the Damascus war. Something had gone wrong, badly wrong; strange stories spilling around the official wall of silence that had built up around the place. Even its location was a mystery. Some claimed it was in District Omega, some said it was in the Kilash underworld, others that it had never existed at all. She stared down at this screaming wretch, grinding his fists into his ears. What particular vibe was he tuned into, she wondered, what could possibly connect her to the Neural Mansion?
She left him sobbing softly, and resumed her search for the ghost.
*
As the Spider walked along the passage she sensed them moving in behind her, crowding in ahead of her – clubbers, dozens of them, their minds slaved to the omnipresent vibe, prepared to serve as human shields between the Spider and the source of that beat. She moved fast – scuttling up the walls and racing inverted along the ceiling – her scrying eyes flashing open, merging past, present and future into a composite whole.
She turned a corner and found the passage blocked by vibe whores, smacking hard pipes into open palms, chanting the same moronic words over and over: ‘Protect the queen! Protect the queen!’ The Spider laughed, the sound of her cold mockery echoing along the length of the passage. She heard the scuffle of feet as more clubbers came up from behind. She dropped from the ceiling, her false legs and arms unfolding, stretching wide – she stood tall for an instant and grinned – then moved fast towards those that blocked her path.
*
Something mad and lyrical whispered in her head as she met the murderous clubbers head on – something that shared her joy, her exhilaration; her passion for chaos, something that laughed with her as she wreaked havoc amongst her antagonists. Something took dark delight in the destruction she sewed, something that followed her willingly into bloodshed, that hid within her, but was not her and when it was over and only carnage littered her path, the Spider paused for a moment, scanning her own mind as though she no longer trusted her thoughts –
‘Hack my limbs,’ the voice of the vibe howled all around her, ‘I have many limbs – decapitate me, goddess, I have many heads – I am everyone and no one – come, come, hurry – I am waiting for you –’
She needed no second invitation. She took one last look at the dismembered bodies behind her. She had regrets. The clubbers were innocent victims – they had attacked her at the behest of the vibe – but that made them no less a threat. In the end their deaths had been a necessary evil.
‘This is already out of control,’ she whispered to herself as she made her way towards the last of the Agitario’s seven clubs.
*
More clubbers blocked the doors to the seventh auditorium. They cursed her and screamed and howled in mindless rage, trying to pound her, to bite her, to claw their way through her shield. She swept them aside and tore the massive stone doors off their hinges. A dark rage enveloped her as she swept through the gaping doorway and into the heart of nova beat.
*
The last of the Agitario’s clubs was a colossal affair, its walls covered in a thick snarl of scaffolding, doppler lights and neon arcs illuminating a vast geodesic dome through which lancets of red and blue flashed like bolts of lightning. Holographic clouds filled the bowl of the overhead dome; giant thunderheads out of which shot dragon tongues of flame. Here, in this final club, the sound of nova beat was epic, expressing itself as nebulae of dancing energy, convulsions of colour and abstract form, soaring high in explosive rainbow arcs, or swooping down low over the club like the jagged claws of ravens, and even through her Deckler® shield the Spider felt the full fury of the vibe as it transformed the very air around her.
And, floating in the middle of the club, at long last, the dark heart of the vibe, the very source of nova beat, a creature of immense proportions, a female behemoth – bronze skinned, multi limbed, her hair made of an infinite number of cables snaking from her scalp, radiating outwards to hook into the very walls of the club. She was beautiful beyond reason, her eyes black as infinity, golden tears spilling down her cheeks, her crimson lips forming words that rumbled through the auditorium like sudden deep sea quakes.
This was the queen.
This was the Argitario’s master deejay.
Around her floated lesser angels of harmony, minor deejays fused to virt decks, more machine than organic, suspended in the air by ornate grav discs. These cybersomatic monstrosities were linked to the queen by synaptic slave programs, orbiting her perfect symmetry like satellites around a parent star.
The queen’s fingers were plucking on the strings of creation, each perfect nail strumming on naked air, causing it to shimmer and ripple as if reality itself had been set in motion.
This was the vibe queen. This at last was the dark heart of the storm.
*
The Spider looked up in awe at the queen. Never had she beheld such a creature. She was divinity multiplied to the infinite, the Über deejay, and the Spider had the insane impulse to kneel and worship at her sonic altar.
But she had not come here to worship. She’d come to destroy the source of the vibe, and if this awesome creature was that source then so be it. The clubbers, however, were not going to make her task easy. They came at her like berserkers, frothing at the mouth, eyes black and murderous. The Spider scrambled up the walls of the club, moving out along the scaffolding, but the mortals were scuttling up the walls after her, faster than she would have thought possible, gaining on her despite her great agility.
Surrender to me. I demand it. The queen was glaring at the Spider, her eyes dark as collapsed stars, yet radiating a terrible intensity. Blue lightening crackled along the cables hooked into her scalp. The lesser deejays convulsed in either ecstasy or agony, the Spider could not tell which.
She webbed the support struts of a nearby catwalk and pushed herself away from the wall and into a controlled arc, swinging across to the catwalk and alighting on it in one fluid motion. She glanced back at the wall to see the mortal clubbers leaping away from the scaffolding after her. They plummeted instantly to their deaths, broken figures spiralling towards the ground, their bodies absorbed by the dense crowds gathered below.
The Spider turned to face the queen. Succumb to me the queen demanded. The words hit the Spider with the force of an avalanche and she was punched backwards off the catwalk, twisting into free-fall as her scrying eyes scanned ahead of her momentum, searching for emergency anchor points. She hooked a snarl of rigging with her first web cast and pulled herself out of her plummet and into a tight crouch amongst a cradle of pipes. She glared across at the queen.
The vibe queen plucked the air and a vibration shivered the length of the club, a sonic quake that rolled directly towards the Spider. She leapt clear with no time to spare and the pipes she’d been resting amongst disintegrated into pure rhythm as the quake hit them. In a single instant cold steel was transformed into pure sound, a hard shrieking sound that split the air and caused a number of overhead lights to explode.
The Spider kept moving as one by one the queen sent resonance waves crashing after her, sections of scaffolding disintegrating into diamond hard sound, catwalks and arc lights instantly converted to nerve-shredding frequency. The Spider’s Deckler® shield was beginning to buckle as sound waves literally tore the club apart around her, and although she avoided the waves themselves, the acoustic fallout hit her each time with punishing impact.
But the Spider had purpose. As she moved around the club walls, avoiding the resonance waves, she began to sever the cables that hooked directly into the vibe queen’s scalp. She concentrated her Deckler® field into blades of sonic tension that extended beyond the tips of her fingers, this drained the battery faster and compromised the rest of the shield, but the blades wielded enough power to sever the vibe queen’s foot thick cables.
The vibe was getting through the Spider’s weakened shield. Gargantuan voices filled her, pulsing, raging cyclones of sound that ate into her mind. She was moving faster now, trying to outpace the vibe, but it was in her, deep within her, working on her from the inside-out.
The cables gave one by one – she had severed dozens and there were hundreds left to go, criss-crossing the club like the intricate strands of a steel web. The vibe queen turned her head towards the Spider. She was smiling. She closed both hands into fists and yanked viciously on the air, as though pulling an invisible carpet towards her, and a resonance wave of immense proportions was sent thundering towards the goddess.
The Spider hurled herself into the void, dropping towards the ground as half the club wall above her was sheared away by the force of the wave. Three tonnes of structural steel was instantly transformed into sound; the resulting sonic boom caught up with the Spider and sent her smashing into the dance floor below with the force of a small meteor.
*
Her Deckler® shield saved her. She lay at the bottom of a shallow impact crater and tried to clear her head, but she was weak – too damned weak – and the vibe was every one and no one in this place; the vibe was all of creation and all of creation was damned. Two of her limbs were broken – voices, voices, voices – her ribs were cracked and she sensed internal injury – let the voices in, let the voices in – the black blood she was coughing up indicated lung damage – the vibe will heal you – she was finished if she didn’t get out of here right now – don’t leave don’t leave, stay and play some more….
Leaving was no longer an option. As the Spider dragged herself out of the crater she found herself surrounded by baying clubbers, hundreds, thousands, a snarl of faces distorted by rage and triumph. The vibe queen looked down at the Spider from on high and pointing a finger at her, thundered, ‘You are the anomaly; I am the destroyer of anomalies.’
The clubbers descended on the Spider, smashing away at her with blunt instruments, clawing at her with their bare fingers. She defended herself as best she could, making them pay a heavy enough price for their daring, but in the end it was no use, there were too many of them. She was too weak and they dragged her to the ground and hacked away at her failing Deckler® shield with savage determination. With one last convulsive burst of energy the Spider swept her attackers away from her and dragged herself to her feet, bleeding copiously from a dozen wounds, her medusa coils flashing defiantly around her head. The clubbers hesitated for a fraction of a second and in that moment the Spider directed her coils towards the vibe queen and released a freshet storm, thousands of toxic barbs exploding upwards – targeting the nearest of the queen’s slave deejays.
The barbs struck the hybrid in its thick hide. The majority bounced off, but one or two hit vulnerable points and pierced the slave deejay’s flesh. At once the Spider’s neural toxins were loose in the creature’s bloodstream, powering up towards the brain stem where they could get up to all sorts of mischief. It was like breaking into a computer using a backdoor code, the Spider’s toxins hacking into the slave deejay’s brain, usurping his higher cognitive functions – and, even as she went down beneath the renewed frenzy of the clubbers’ attack, Desdemona was mentally stalking the corridors of the deejay’s mind, whispering suggestions to him that gathered in urgency until they became impossible to ignore –
Defend me! Save me! Kill her! Kill the queen. She is your enemy, not me.
The Spider’s Deckler® shield failed at that moment and now the clubber’s rained blows down upon her exposed body armour. Made of titanium it was harder than diamond, but would give soon enough beneath this sustained assault. Already she felt the blows punch down through the armour to her defenceless flesh below. She shielded her head and buried her mind in the flesh of the slave deejay.
PROTECT ME! She demanded with all her might. I AM YOUR GOD!!!
Slowly the slave deejay broke rhythm with the vibe, nudging his grav disc away from its synchronised orbit. The vibe queen started to turn her head in his direction, a frown creasing her beautiful face for the first time. Under guidance from the Spider the slave deejay pushed his grav disc into fast throttle, spinning towards his queen at high speed. Her eyes became molten with fury as she sent a massive resonance wave thundering towards her treacherous slave. It was a mistake. The slave deejay was coming in too fast. The resonance wave smashed into him and the resulting shock wave hit the queen with the force of a collapsing mountain. She was knocked out of position, her colossal body smashing into her remaining slaves as she went down. A series of huge explosions rocked the auditorium as the cables that hooked into the queen’s scalp were wrenched free of the club walls. Sheets of lightening split the air, the vibe itself became a scream of undiluted pain that went on and on and on –
The final explosion, when it came, was white and noiseless and in its wake there was only blessed, merciful silence.
*
She picked her way amongst the dead and the dying, oblivious to the moans of distress, the pleas for assistance. She was injured enough to warrant serious assistance herself, but what of it? Life was frivolous and gay and tonight they’d all danced with the devil. She laughed, high and loud; delighted she’d survived. She couldn’t quite believe it was over. The vibe was dead, the auditorium filled with smoke and ruin and the rumbling aftermath of a dozen explosions, but the vibe was gone, the madness was over, the clubbers emerging from their communal trance wailing and screaming, beating their flesh in anguish, oh, how they’d all danced.
Before her the ghost sat on a pile of rubble, still dressed in the flesh of a middle-aged man. He stared down at the Spider and grinned, ‘Did you enjoy the hunt?’ he asked.
The Spider glared at him. ‘You’re dead,’ she hissed.
The ghost shrugged. ‘You’ve made a fine mess of things, Genevieve, so many dead, and all to prove a point. My, I certainly hope it was a point worth proving.’
‘You are an abomination,’ Desdemona spat.
‘Am I? What difference. My time is almost done. I told you I wasn’t to last, but you couldn’t let things alone.’ He looked around and shook his head sadly. ‘What a calamity, honestly, what a disaster. Completely unnecessary, but the gods will have their pound of flesh. One day you will understand the value of life, Desdemona, all life, not just the lives you deem worthwhile.’
‘I have vanquished you, monster, be gone.’
‘I could have taught you much, goddess, if only you’d surrendered yourself to me.’ The ghost sighed. ‘Ah, well, I can feel myself slipping away, dying I think they call it. Quite a pleasant sensation – not painful at all, I thought it might be –’
The light in the ghost’s stolen eyes was fading. He blinked down at the Spider, trying to clear his vision, his shoulders slumping, his face slowly beginning to sag.
‘I’m almost through,’ he muttered. ‘Not long now,’ he smiled weakly, ‘I enjoyed our time together, goddess – I wonder–’ he paused, his breathing growing increasingly laboured.
‘What do you wonder?’ the Spider asked as she watched the death of this enigma.
‘I wonder,’ the ghost repeated softly, ‘if we shall ever meet again, you and I?’
‘We shall not,’ the Spider replied softly, ‘because you never really existed.’
The ghost shrugged. His tells were almost extinguished by this time. It was all he could do to remain lucid. ‘Understand that you are part of a vibe,’ he gasped, ‘that has no beginning and will have no end and then perhaps you will someday understand my nature.’ And with that his head slumped forward on his chest and with a final shuddering breath the flesh exhaled the last of the ghost.
The Spider closed her eyes for a brief instant, sharing in the moment of her adversary’s passing. When she opened her eyes again the middle-aged man was struggling awake. ‘Who – what – where the fuck…?’ he spluttered as he looked wildly around. His tells were his own, the Spider could detect no remaining trace of the ghost. The man caught sight of the Spider and his eyes went round as saucers, his mouth swinging open. ‘Oh, dear god…’ he whispered.
‘Goddess,’ the Spider retorted.
*
In the middle of the dance floor she closed her eyes. The vibe was not dead. It was inside her. She heard it hammering away at the walls of her mind, insisting she let it in. This time she did not resist. She opened her mind and let the vibe consume her and sweep her away and somewhere in its coiling, labyrinthine rhythm, she thought she caught a glimmer of truth.
THE WISDOM OF ANGELS
THE HOLO-MAN
She snakes through the artificial canyons of District Yama, moving from dragline to dragline, swinging inverted above the abyss, her arms playing out web spray from her spine, directing it in a thin jet towards available anchor points where it instantly congeals to hold fast. She is in her element, free, unfettered, creating her own lines of attachment and severing them when she chooses. She is gravity’s mistress, falling through trapdoors and cracks in reality, living in open defiance of a force that pins the rest of humanity to the planet’s surface, crushed by a sense of their own inertia.
*
The Spider abseils down the sheer face of a towering black citadel half a kilometre tall, playing out a web line behind her, using it to stabilize her descent. She moves fast, her four powerful legs propelling her at inhuman speeds, her metallic dreadlocks flowing freely behind her. From behind the citadel a vast airship is just slipping into view. The skin of its gas blister projects a holographic eye three-storeys wide that blinks down at the Spider like the eye of some gargantuan god. The Spider spins sideways off the building, directing a web line at the ornate gondola hanging suspended beneath the airship’s gas blister. The line snags a juicy right angle, the sudden tension snapping the Spider upwards. She quickly retracts the line, reeling it in, ascending towards the airship with reckless speed. At the last possible moment she severs the line and comes to rest against one of the gondola’s many glass viewing-ports.
*
She stares in through the port at perhaps two hundred passengers, crowded together on the foredeck of the gondola and staring back out at the Spider in wonder and fear. Opening all six of her eyes the Spider stretches her mouth into a yawning crater that reveals serrated rows of teeth – and screams. The passengers scream back and there is a savage crush as they try to scramble away from the viewing window, and then the Spider lets go her grip and falls away from the gondola, laughing as she plunges into the abyss.
*
She has attached a single lifeline to the gondola and as she falls the Spider lets it play out. Arms spread, she plummets down through a crisscrossing labyrinth of aerial streets and floating freeways and tower-to-tower underpasses. A second web line snakes away from her spine, hooking and anchoring the brooding lip of a tower balcony, and the Spider’s velocity instantly drops to zero. She severs the line and drops down onto the deserted rooftop of a fifty-storey shopping mall known as the Murray Leinster hypermarket.
The Spider moves quickly to the edge of the building. Resting on a shadowy precipice she resembles an eight-limbed gargoyle as she surveys the neon-washed streets below. A swarm of ad hornets ripple up over the edge of the mall’s roof, humming, singing corporate hymns and catchy little jingles. They move towards the Spider, glowing and winking in the twilight, coalescing into a virtual scene from the latest Motobi Firebike © commercial; life-sized promo girls in micro bikinis caressing the growling, throbbing flanks of a top of the range Sky Warrior T210. The Spider does not allow herself to become distracted by the holoverts. She continues scanning the streets below even when the Sky Warrior digitally morphs into a chrome plated missile that launches itself into the sky, the bikini-clad nymphs clinging to its stabiliser fins, a trail of florescent booster fire following it into starlight and oblivion.
The Spider yawns; the corporate ad-hassle is reaching new heights of paranoid ingenuity. Programmed to detect the slightest whiff of a potential sale, there is nowhere the ad hornets cannot find you in Golgotha Falls, no extremes to which they will not go. The Spider has heard from Djoba that a new generation of holoverts are currently being designed to penetrate a sleeping punter’s dreams and this makes the Spider laugh, even dreams will no longer be safe haven from the almighty corporate sell.
*
‘You are late, so sorry – so late,’ the man slides out of rooftop shadows a few metres away from the Spider, thin and fluid as a ghost. He wears a black greatcoat several sizes too large, big brass buttons winking like malfunctioning traffic signals. His hair is slicked back, his forehead high and intelligent. His eyes, brown and rabid, devour detail, calculating odds – a gambler’s eyes, hard as flint.
‘I took the scenic route,’ the Spider replies, stepping away from the roof edge, watching the man carefully as he approaches her. He is unarmed, she can tell at once. He might possess bio-weapons, but she doubts it; there’s no sign of aggression in his movements. When she probes his mind she finds it disturbingly blank. No emotional tells, no vibrations of any sort. This is the first sign something is wrong. Even a Gengu monk gives off some vibration.
‘That’s far enough,’ she snaps, a hard command that stops the man in his tracks. He spreads his arms to show he intends her no harm.
*
‘Why a hologram?’ the Spider scans the darkness behind the man, trying to pick up his controller’s presence. A hologram always has a controller; a remote mind jacked into this virtual ghost from some point of relative safety.
‘You are good,’ the man smiles, ‘and absolutely correct. I am a hologram and thus not truly here.’
‘Then where are you, darling?’ Her senses are probing the shadows, broadening the net, trying to hone in on the meat behind the mask. She is cagey; holograms usually portend a trap, but she senses no threat in the immediate vicinity.
‘Where I truly am must, of necessity, remain a secret, if only for a while longer,’ the hologram replies. ‘I’m afraid - so afraid - so late - so sorry.’ There’s something not right with the vocals, the Spider realises, the hologram is stuttering; caught in verbal micro-loops that might have been mistaken for a speech idiosyncrasy by a less experienced observer.
Lady Desdemona had come here on a whim, an invitation her better judgement urged her to refuse. The invitation, received by Djoba a week earlier, read:
To Lady Genevieve Desdemona 
From one who wishes to remain unnamed, 
A meeting could prove mutually beneficial 
Many move against you Few can be trusted 
Meet me upon the rooftop of the Murray Leinster hypermarket 
21:15 Wednesday night in the District of Yama 
Come alone 
Signed: Anonymous
Oh, how she loved intrigue. She brooded and mulled over the invitation in the inner chamber of her nest. In the end she decided to attend the meeting. It was a risky venture. She had no guarantee she wasn’t walking into an ambush and recent events had made her more wary than usual. And so she set out that Wednesday night with mixed emotions. The need for information was overwhelming – but the rules of survival ever preyed on her mind. Whoever was out to get her had demonstrated their authority over members of the angelic host. Such power was not to be underestimated.
‘I don’t do business with anonymous brokers,’ the Spider tells the holographic man. ‘Tell your controller I’ll deal when he’s prepared to meet me in person.’ That said the Spider leaps to the edge of the roof, preparing to depart the same way she’d arrived.
‘War is brewing,’ the holo man calls after her as he clips his lapels up against the cold. A nice personal touch, but a dreadful sham, the Spider knows holograms don’t feel the cold. ‘You have felt it,’ the holo man continues, encouraged by the Spider’s hesitation, ‘stirrings, mutterings, rumours – there is blood in the air. So much, too much blood – yes – and in the end, a war to end all wars, a night without dawn. You have felt it. Yes-yes, haven’t we all?’
‘And what if I have?’ the Spider snaps.
‘What side will you choose?’ The holo man lights a holographic cigarette and puffs clouds of illusionary smoke into the chill night air.
‘My own side, the same as always,’ the Spider replies.
The holo man shrugs; the gesture fast enough to pass as a spasm. ‘In the end, Lady D, we will all be faced with a choice. So true, so sad, so sorry.’
The Spider appears to study the holo man, but her senses are furiously at work trying to track down the source of his signal. Holographic projections of this quality are mostly short range – say within about two hundred metres, which means the projector has to be close, just outside her ability to detect it.
‘Your invitation suggested a mutually beneficial arrangement,’ she says. ‘I don’t wish to loiter, so please come to the point.’
‘War between the Gods is inevitable’, the holo man tells her. ‘The first skirmishes will be fought with words. It is so, know that it is so. Assassinations will punctuate every debate. House is set to move against House. Treachery will be the snake that strikes in darkness, ambition the poison that fouls the well. It is so, know that it is so.’
The Spider’s eyes narrow as the holo man talks – she recalls a conversation she’d had several weeks earlier with the goddess Aphrodite. Again there had been hints of a coming war amongst the gods. And Djoba has juicy news of affray each time he returns from his expeditions to the City of Gods. She recalls the attack of the Seraph that very nearly ended her life. Are they all, indeed, connected? Is she to be no more than a pawn in a bigger strategy?
‘A war,’ the holo-man continues, ‘to turn this city inside out and bring an end to the reign of Dagda, known as the Good God.’
‘And who would dare challenge the might of Dagda?’ the Spider demands.
‘Great Dagda is old –’ the holo man exhales a ring of blue smoke that briefly forms the word old in the Enochian text, before drifting apart.
‘But hardly infirm,’ the Spider counters.
‘He hasn’t left the City of Gods in over a century,’ the holo man shrugs, ‘that should tell you something, goddess. So-so, it is so.’
‘And who wishes me dead?’ she asks.
‘More than one, less than many.’ the holo man replies.
‘No riddles,’ the Spider cuts back, ‘or I terminate this meeting.’
‘I am only saying that your adversaries are cunning. They hide – yes-yes – conceal themselves – it is so - behind deep subterfuge and clever illusion. In a labyrinth of intrigue they hide their motives– yet all paths – you will find – lead back to Damascus.’
‘Damascus?’ the Spider hisses. ‘Argyll Damascus?’
‘He led the insurgency during the great mortal uprising,’ the holo-man replies. ‘I believe the insurgents were known as the Heathen. Damascus was the one mortal the gods feared above all others.’
‘He is dead now. And so they fear him no longer.’
The holo man appears to grow brighter for a split second, as though the Spider’s observation has triggered something in his programming. ‘Ah-ah,’ he exclaims, ‘and here’s the crux, the very nub of the issue – so-so, like this, listen well – Argyll Damascus is not dead. His execution a century and a half ago was nothing but a sham. The gods fear a dead Damascus even more than they fear a living one.’
The Spider stares at him for a long time. Then slowly she says, ‘I believe you to be quite mad.’
The holo-man bows. ‘It is the wisdom of angels – and I’m sure you’ve heard it said – that death can make gods out of mortals and mortals out of gods.’
‘I have heard it said,’ the Spider replies softly.
‘So-so,’ the holo-man smiles thinly, ‘there is a prophecy that when Argyll Damascus dies, the gods shall fall. The same prophecy claims that you, Lady Desdemona, shall be instrumental in that fall.’
‘Pandora’s prophecy,’ the Spider breathes, ‘I’ve heard the prophecy, hologram. What of it?’
‘Indeed,’ the holo-man replies, ‘for that reason the gods could not allow Damascus to die. At the same time they could not allow his followers to believe he was still alive, and so a fake execution was staged to satisfy all parties. It is so, know that it is so.’
‘You expect me to believe such an elaborate conspiracy could have held together for over a century and a half?’
‘The proof is in the CCQ data core, hidden in the depths of the Akashic Records. Break in if you doubt me, Lady D.’ The holo-man’s body fades slowly away until only his head hangs suspended in the night air. ‘I will meet with you from time to time, two heads are better, so much better, than one,’ the head dips slightly as though executing a bodiless bow. ‘You have impressed us, goddess - alone you stood against all of divine society – we watched you in the courtroom that day – one against many – so-so – you found favour in our hearts.’
And with this the face is gone, leaving only the after burn of the holo man’s eyes and the fading echo of his last words reverberating in the night air. The Spider stands for a while longer, thinking about all the holo man has said. He speaks of subterfuge and intrigue, and yet what is he but another mask? Who is behind the mask – friend, as the holo man claims, or merely another enemy with an agenda all their own? Hipiscius, the pavement-dwelling god, had also claimed to be acting on behalf of secret allies when he’d helped Desdemona that day in court. Were these the same allies as those behind the holo man?
Extending her false legs and rising to her full height, the Spider moves to the side of the building and releases a web line that snakes off into the night, hooking the cross girders of an unfinished building some distance away. Transferring the line to her hands she slips off the edge of the Murray Leinster hypermarket and in an instant is gone.
*
There are traps within traps, snares disguised as peace offerings, poisoned bait mixed in with the most benign of clues. The information she has acquired is too easily come by. Lady Desdemona has the feeling she is being manipulated, but feels confident she can outwit the mind behind the message. Whoever set the meeting up with the hologram is clever, far too clever to leave any trace of his presence behind. The Spider suspects a drone transmitter was being used to project the holo man, probably floating a few hundred feet above the hypermarket, impossible to get at in a hurry. But even though she suspects a trap, there is no reason to doubt the information was not genuine. The first morsel of information is bait, designed to draw her in like a gambler excited by a rash of early winnings.
She has played this game before, many times down through the long centuries. She hopes the mind she is pitted against will prove a worthy challenge. And secretly she suspects it will.
*
She returns to Castle Arineae. Djoba is there to greet her, hopping out of the shadows with a joyous cry. ‘Mother! Oh, mother – how did it go? Was it as profitable as I said?’
‘Come, sweet Djoba,’ the Spider purrs, ‘let me tell you how it went.’ Djoba uses his single powerful leg to spring across to his patron’s side; a mistake, he has misjudged her mood and pays the price instantly when she backhands him across his bloated face, sending him sprawling half the length of the great hall.
‘Mother!’ he squeals, scrambling desperately into a wall niche and cowering there, weeping in shock and pain. ‘What did I do? What did I do wrong?’
‘I’ve warned you to check sources before you pass messages on,’ she hisses, her scrying eyes burning hot and bright in the gothic gloom. ‘That could easily have been an ambush, you misbegotten cretin.’
Djoba blubbers in protest. ‘But mother,’ he cries, ‘it was a bona fide message; I swear it. It had the seal of Mercury and everything – I swear it, mother, I would never be that careless, I swear it, oh, how I swear –’
Her anger vented, the Spider allows herself to calm down. She holds no particular animosity towards Djoba; it is simply important to put him in his place every once in a while. ‘Then someone has learnt to forge the seal of a god,’ she says softly to herself, rubbing her chin, sealing her scrying eyes until only slivers remain to blemish her near perfect forehead.
‘I love you,’ wails Djoba, ‘I love you, mother.’
‘Enough!’ snaps the Spider and reaching up she grabs the end of a dangling dragline and scrambles up through the proboscis-like entrance of her nest, disappearing inside and leaving poor Djoba to wail his heart out below.
*
In her world of silk she is at complete peace. Scuttling along narrow passages familiar as the backs of her own hands, moving up through false ceilings and dropping down through invisible trapdoors, she comes at last to the core of her nest. In silence she squats, arms and legs spread, fingers and toes hooked onto her web lines, ‘listening’ to every vibration, every murmur that traverses the mass of her web. She closes her eyes and falls inwards, her vital signs slowing, her heart dropping to six beats per minute, her mind moving outwards along the strands of her web, splitting off in multiple directions, listening to the greater vibrations of the world beyond her castle. She thinks of one name, over and over.
Damascus.
It is a name that keeps appearing out of the ether, tumbling from the fanatical lips of assassins or offered up to her by self-proclaimed allies. Argyll Damascus; the executed leader of a long defunct cult, and yet that cult has experienced something of a resurgence in recent times, and now a hologram has appeared with the incredible claim that the Prophet Damascus is still alive, that his execution had been a sham, perpetuated to deceive his followers, that he was being held by the Elohim as insurance against a mad woman’s prophecy.
Things were growing ever more curious.
AN EVENING AT GUNGHA PO’S
The gods are treacherous. It is part of their enduring charm. There are over three thousand principal immortals in Golgotha Falls, each possessed of a gargantuan ego; as such, confrontations are bound to occur. Protocol allows the gods to strike out at each other, but only through vicarious means. Direct confrontations are rare and are actively discouraged by the High Lord Dagda who has witnessed such discord descend into civil war in the past and cannot risk it doing so again. Treachery, intrigue, and the odd bloodletting by proxy, are seen as lesser evils compared to the sheer price of open warfare.
But there are places in the Falls, safe houses, where even treachery and subterfuge are suspended by mutual consent; neutral oases where divine society can let its hair down without fear of attack upon either their persons or their reputations. Gungha Po’s is one such place.
It is a floating pleasure palace, Golgotha Falls 32nd official wonder. Orientalism characterizes much of its design, its infinite array of pagodas like the peaks of celestial mountains, its cone shaped turrets joined by many splendid bridges. Some of these bridges are disguised as floating dragons; others resemble flocks of migrating sunbirds.
Immense courtyards chequer the grounds of the palace, bordered by rising terraces and ornate balustrades, fabulous gardens shaped into the twelve signs of the zodiac, watched over by giant turtles and lions cast in bronze. Laughing Buddhas recline along the verge of yellow tiled roofs, smiling good fortune down on those who pass through the palace’s five celestial gates.
Gungha Po’s is situated on a series of huge gravity barges permanently moored in the Infernum. In addition to the antigravity field they generate, the barges also produce a holographic reflection of the entire palace, inverted beneath the original building, identical in size and exact in detail. This gives the impression the palace floats on an invisible lake, the hologram its own watery reflection.
Officially the palace contains three and a half thousand rooms, though unofficially there are rumoured to be many times this. With banqueting halls, casinos, restaurants, ball rooms, observation decks, lounges, libraries, and client specific suites, it is a city within a city and Gungha Cassius Po, the benevolent patron of the palace, prides himself on knowing the names of every one of his establishment’s ten thousand clients, be they gods, demigods, or members of the mortal elite.
*
Alone in a private suite that Gungha Po has reserved for members of the House of Arachnids, the Spider can detect the musk of her divine siblings. They all use these quarters from time to time. She knows Lady Hegira and Lady Crystas have been here most recently, the room is literally pregnant with the scent of mother’s little harlots. The Spider sits at the conference table, drumming her talons against the hardwood surface. In front of her is a glass fishbowl. Inside the bowl, immersed in water, coils the silvery grey mass of an octopus. Soft greens and blues flicker across its iridescent flesh like light-encoded messages. Beside the fishbowl stands a fluted glass of liquid proteins.
The Spider trembles, her long fingers tapping faster and faster against the table top until they are a blur of nervous motion. Her eyes close. She tries to fill herself with calm, but the fear keeps lapping at the corners of her mind and the more she tries the more elusive that calm becomes. She is uncomfortable. In this room. This city. Her own flesh. It feels as though witch fire is igniting along the ridge of her spine, singeing her nerve endings, incinerating her defences. Memories of immeasurable pain fill her, a scream of anguish threatens to rip free and the effort to keep it at bay sets her teeth on edge.
We did things, Desdemona, terrible things – the Spider moans at the sound of that ancient voice in her head; phantom quiet, soft as a tickle, yet filled with the malice of ages. It is her voice, the matriarch, Fatima Queselda, supreme head of the House of Arachnids. She is using the subtle web to cast her thoughts into her daughter’s reluctant mind.
We were quite beautiful in our depravity - the voice caresses the Spider’s skin, worming its way up her spine, entering her brain like hooked fingers. It is not quite telepathy; the words are pure vibration, perfectly tuned to Desdemona’s neural frequency, each vowel strummed on the lines of Queselda’s master web, sent out into the city to find Desdemona, to seduce her into returning home to the family nest.
I have left that world, that life behind; the Spider wills the words to form in her mind, to push back against that vile, intrusive voice.
You are too far fled from the nest, Desdemona - the voice continues - sweet girl, didn’t I tell you bad things would happen if you fled too far from the nest?
I am where I wish to be, Matriarch. The Spider’s own thought-voice trembles with suppressed anger, and beneath that anger fear, oceans and oceans of fear. If there was one entity she feared above all others it was Queselda, her mother and the architect of all her suffering.
You despise me, do you not? The voice is pure poison dripping through her veins. The Spider shudders, trying to force the voice out of her head, but it is too much a part of her, a deep buried part, and it is determined to have its say.
I love you, Matriarch, the Spider responds. And I hate loving you.
That’s so human of you, Queselda admonishes her. Really, Desdemona, it is all too much. I expected more. And this – this – apathy. Love me or hate me, but do not settle for the middle path.
I hate you’ the Spider hisses aloud, and I love hating you.
Pathetic - the Matriarch chuckles - and really, quite predictable. You betray your divine nature, Desdemona; you sully the name of your sisters and brothers. Your every action threatens our continuity. Come back to me, Desdemona, you were always the most precious of my daughters. Come back home.
Never. Desdemona clenches all four of her fists, the single word exploding in her skull like a clap of thunder. There is a thrill of laughter that will echo in her mind long afterwards.
You will return to me, Desdemona, by and by - the voice whispers - when all have turned against you. When destiny has left you bruised and humbled. You will return, my prodigal daughter, and I will welcome you with open arms and a mother’s enduring love. 
THE AKASHIC RECORDS
She is alone again. The voice in her head has gone. It is a while before Desdemona realises she is literally shaking with anger. How dare she? How dare Queselda enter my head like that? All she has done to me in the past, her every atrocity, it wasn’t enough, now she enters and leaves me like a public toilet? She brings her fists down hard on the table top and its unbreakable permaglass coating cracks in three places. The fishbowl jumps and she reaches out, lightning fast, and catches the glass tumbler before it goes over.
She drinks the contents of the glass in a single gulp and savagely wipes the back of her hand across her mouth. Then she hurls the tumbler against the nearest wall. In the same instant her scrying eyes flare open, predicting the flight-path of each fragment of glass as it explodes away from the impacting tumbler. Then reversing the very moment of disintegration, her past-tense vision reassembles the glass over and over, her forward scrying eyes shattering it again and again, and the visual feedback is so vast it wrenches her mind away from mundane concerns and into a timeless abstraction.
Broken shards of glass float before her in jewelled splendour, her scrying eyes suspending them on the event horizon between past and future. She sees the instant the tumbler shattered; the instant before it shattered and every possible moment between, all merged to create a vivid fresco out of juxtaposed fragments of time. Afterwards she returns to a semblance of calm. She breathes evenly, closing her scrying eyes, narrowing her tru-eyes as she transfers her attention to the fishbowl in front of her. The silvery body of the octopus fills the bowl, its tentacles tasting the glass walls of its prison, cruciform pupils peering intelligently at the Spider, made huge by water distortion.
When she has calmed down enough, she reaches into the bowl and draws the octopus out into the open. Its tentacles wrap instinctively around her wrist and arm, tightening, its eyes staring at her intently as she lifts it to her face. The tentacles transfer themselves from her arm and ooze slowly around her neck and the back of her head. Her steel dreadlocks shift uncomfortably. It is their instinct to attack this alien presence, seeing only threat in its intimacy. She holds her medusa coils in check with an effort, her scalp contracting around their cybernetic roots as the main body of the octopus slides up and over her face, smothering her, instantly sealing her air passages.
The octopus is artificial. Designed to resemble an organic life form, it is really a highly advanced computer interface, allowing access to the city’s vast data network, known universally as the CCQ.
*
There is a suffocating moment of panic as a long proboscis pushes out of the octopus’ body and into the Spider’s mouth, working its unctuous way down her throat. Wrapped around her head and neck, the tentacles contain tiny spines in the centre of each suction cup, she feels multiple stings as they penetrate her flesh, injecting fast acting enzymes into her blood stream. There is a tight buzzing in the Spider’s head, lights flashing and pulsing around her; reality becomes staccato, like the frame-by-frame motion of an under cranked film.
She is hooked into the octopus, its tentacles tightening around her head, its body smothering her face like a mutant mammary. She hates this part, this intimacy with artificial flesh. She feels the hooks like the bite of secretive syringes. She feels the hiss and fume of cyber tunnels opening in her mind, the feeling that the world is dropping away from her. There is a high-octane buzz, an overwhelming sense of realities in flux – the world of solid surfaces becomes liquid, transient and ghost-like.
A cascade of numerals flash behind her optic nerves, a number storm rotating violently around an immense void of unknowing. Spectrum-coded primaries and vast number chains annihilate each other as their trajectories violently cross. Prime numbers like inbound comets punch through clouds of base codes and simple algorithms. Equations dance in endless sequence as they plunge over binary dense ellipses.
Desdemona has fallen into ill-space, plummeting along a data-rich umbilicus. A wormhole opens around her mind like the petals of a midnight flower. She is sucked down its throat, down into a black vortex illuminated here and there by flashing data streams and number icons vast as corporate buildings. Her flesh evaporates around her, familiar senses became synesthetic, distorted, confused; sight takes on the qualities of sound, sound is something she can taste, taste is something she can touch.
She feels the tug of artificial gravity, pulling her towards a super dense singularity far, far below. She is in that most dreadful of places, a place without anchor points, her descent irreversible, web lines useless even if she could muster them. She hates the data core because it strips her of all control. She is helpless as a common data jockey, falling into abstraction, suffering waves of vertigo as the jaws of virtual madness snap open and swallow her whole.
*
The Spider falls towards the burning blue of an artificial sky. Far below she can see the data umbilicus tapering to a narrow portal of light. This portal marks her entry point into the CCQ. She approaches it at an unimaginable speed and it grows like an infected wound, spilling a deep blue into the dark of the worm hole, an oceanic blue that swells and swells until it fills the void below her and then she is falling through the portal and the light burns her mind blank for a timeless instant…
…Everything stops…dead…silent as cathedrals…infinite calm…atoms stop spinning…waves become frozen particles…silence, hard and unforgiving, a wall of solitude, a million years of seclusion, condensed into this single diamond bright moment…
…And then she is through, falling into new time, new physics, and new mathematics to map that physics.
She is in the vast CCQ data core, the virtual mind of Golgotha Falls, where all information is represented as code and all code coalesced into the artificial matter that makes up the multiple universes of the CCQ. Desdemona is swept along information-rivers; fast moving ribbons of data, luminous with constantly mutating cyphercodes. Logarithms under quantum compression float alongside her like flotsam on a storming sea, glittering with multi-faceted purpose. She is drowning in information, struggling to keep her focal point above the surface, but the surge is too powerful and fierce underwater currents at last suck her under.
Immersed in silvery depths, the Spider sees shark-like anti-viral programs hunting the fringes of vast herds of information modules. Bio tektites move past her in webbed flotillas, sending out arrhythmic vibrations like sexual mating songs, and everywhere she looks the Spider sees search beams sweeping the river depths; powerful, all invasive, everything they touch becomes a paranoid X-ray of its original form. The searchlights represent Ai awareness, ever watchful, ever vigilant, the gaze of cyber gods sweeping their virtual domain.
Desdemona is caught twice in those searing light beams and on both occasions it is as though she has become a microbe trapped under a celestial microscope. Her every secret is exposed, her every memory laid bare. She is helpless in that burning light, amorphous, without hands to shield her eyes, without eyes to close against that hideous scrutiny. Then the beam passes on and each time it leaves her feeling violated and outraged.
*
The artificial octopus wrapping its tentacles around the Spider’s face is designed to serve as an interface with the city’s vast and invisible data core, known universally as CCQ - cyber, cipher, quantum. The CCQ is a virtual series of universes created out of the minds of Golgotha Falls’ seventy two Godfathers; fourth generation Ai quantum machines that control the motor-neural functions of the entire city. Without them, Golgotha Falls’ ninety-six districts would quickly dissolve into semi-autonomous mayhem.
The vast labyrinthine minds of the Godfathers envelope everything; this river the Spider is caught in, the countless other rivers identical to it, spreading across the data plane like threads of silver. Between each river the data slipstreams process messages at speeds faster than light, arriving at target points nano-seconds before they have been transmitted from source. In the CCQ the Ai mind is god.
*
The Spider has become smaller than a quark, an infinitesimally small thing in an infinitely vast universe, and the universe is made up of mind, a coalition of minds, and she is chaff caught in the arms of a cerebral tornado. All the powers Desdemona possesses in the real world will avail her nothing here for this is a world unto itself, its rules are its own and the minds that wrote those rules are absolute in their authority.
She keeps one thought uppermost in her mind. The Akashic Records. This is where she is headed. Thought is everything in the data core; flesh is the abstract. In the CCQ, moving from place to place is an exercise in mind control that only the greatest cyber jocks have ever succeeded in mastering.
For ordinary CCQ users, cyber-navigation is impossible without the use of personal id programs carked from the virtual ether and rented from the Ai gods themselves. The Spider dislikes these artificial personas because she suspects the Ai gods use them to keep tabs on everyone accessing the core. Instead she enters the core ‘bareback’, muscling her way in using nothing more than divine will power and an almost suicidal sense of self. In the core she is known as an enigma, a mind strong enough to navigate uncloaked by defence codes, a feat that would drive a lesser mind insane.
*
The Akashic Records is a virtual library located in the heart of the data core. It contains information on every citizen in Golgotha Falls, living, dead, migrated, incarcerated, or in stasis. It is the living memory of the city. Births, deaths, marriages and divorces, secret biographies and alternative histories; all faithfully filed down in the Akashic Records.
As the Spider forms the word akashic in her mind, she feels her awareness being propelled towards information tributaries branching away from the main river trunk. She is sucked along one of these, caught in a tight maelstrom of data compression, crushing her, buffeting her, swirling around her like colliding galaxies of light.
*
Suddenly the Spider is standing before two enormous sealed gates. A body has congealed around her mind, or id, a rough sketch of the body she possesses back in the real world; a wire frame computer module called an imago, digitally representing all she has temporarily lost by coming to this place. The gates are made of black marble and look as impregnable as mountains and almost as tall. Twenty-foot data angels stand beside each gate. Sculpted into the forms of winged colossi, they are vast, compressed streams of incorruptible intel, guarding the gates to the Akashic Records with eternal vigilance. The sky overhead is an unnatural blue, the pastures sweeping away on either side of the Spider a luminous green, waves of fluorescent grass lapping at the dazzling white of the Akashic walls.
The data angels stare down at the Spider. They hold staffs of fire in their giant hands and are completely naked, their bodies a perfect fusion between male and female, dove feathered wings folded majestically behind them. They do not speak as the Spider passes between them. She enters her divinity-pass into an access panel embedded in the left gatepost, aware of the angel’s brooding presence as the panel digests the information she has fed it. After a slight delay the panel flashes green and the Akashic gates swing inwards, blinding white light rushing out to engulf the Spider.
*
When she can see again, she finds herself in a most extraordinary garden filled with chrysanthemums the size of small buildings, rose shrubs tall as skyscrapers, emperor lilies hanging like perfumed vulva from their many thorned branches. It is a garden for giants. Pollinating bees large as cargo ships move from flower to flower, their wings a continuous blur as they dip their proboscis into fluted stigma. Passionflowers the size of full moons blossom from monumental walls of foliage, blazing like cryptic Mandalas in an ocean of coarse emerald. There are Daturas, sacred moonflowers, in the shape of vast trumpets, and daisies like yellow suns hanging high overhead, supported by towers of slender green.
Caterpillars trundle past the Spider, large as imperial rolling stock. Butterflies generate small whirlwinds with the dancing motion of their wings. Strange bioluminescent creatures glide along the flagstone paths. Tall and ethereal they serve as gardeners in this place of towering wonders, pruning, weeding and nourishing the googolbytes of data stored here. The Spider marvels at the audacity of this vision. All of it is theatre, digital mesmerism. Nothing here is real, the perfumed air, the rustle of leaves, the hum and buzz of insects – data manipulation, no more. And yet still she marvels. It is designed to make her feel infinitesimal and in this it largely succeeds. The scale is beyond comprehension. No matter how many times she comes here, the Garden of Gethsemane never fails to astound her.
To access the Akashic Records themselves is easy. Every leaf is an entry point; every petal, insect, and blade of grass offers access to the data continuum. The entire garden is a multi-portal interface, simultaneously solid and infinitely porous. Mortals are rarely granted access to the gardens whilst demigods are restricted to specific areas, but the Spider’s divine status gives her access to all sections but the Inigo, located in the very heart of the garden. It is here that information of the highest priority is stored.
The Spider has devised a means of breaching the Inigo’s elaborate security defences, although she’s never put this theory into practice. It is risky; her neural net can easily be fried by defensive feedback, or shunted down an Infinity Well and spread across theoretical space in the wink of an eye. These concerns uppermost in her mind, Desdemona sets out along a garden path made of paving stones the size of shopping plazas. On either side of the path, jewelled flowers dip towards her, unfurling their tongue-like proboscis. She takes hold of the nearest tongue and slips it into her mouth as the petals of the flower envelope her in lavender light.
Instantly she is standing in a large hall, its walls formed from the soft fleshy petals of the flower. Delicate golden veins spread across these petals, made luminous by the sap that pumps through them. Doors appear all around her, each one colour coded to the category of information stored beyond it; green represents biographical, red is medical, blue legal, purple theological, sapphire political. Desdemona passes through an amber door. Amber represents horticultural. She has no interest in horticultural matters, but is acutely aware she is being watched, her every move monitored and relayed to the all-seeing, all-knowing Ai minds. The more inane her initial information request, the less attention she will attract.
Beyond the amber door is a tunnel that seems to go on forever, its walls fleshy and organic, pulsing with living lights. The door seals behind her and the tunnel is suddenly flooded with a green, soupy fluid that rises quickly above Desdemona’s head, knocking her off her feet and carrying her along in a powerful surge. She is flushed along the tunnel at a terrifying rate. Around her the pulsing walls become a kaleidoscopic blur, the fluid carrying her along branching tunnels and plunging her down endless chutes.
She feels her temporal body losing coherence, unravelling from her mind like coloured dye. For brief moments she is pure mind again, the illusion of solidity evaporating along with her body. Ahead she senses a major junction, twelve tunnels splintering from the channel down which she hurtles. By the time the Spider reaches this junction she is ready to play her triumph card.
*
Desdemona has the ability to separate her mind into four autonomous mind-fragments that allow her to extend her awareness in four concurrent directions. This vastly helps her in free-fall navigation, giving her the simultaneous ability to read past and future without losing her anchor in the present. But in the CCQ data core this ability also has the added advantage of allowing Desdemona to access four simultaneous data routes. Her central point of awareness is under close Ai scrutiny, but her three sub-minds are free to burrow unobserved into the Akashic archives like deep-cover mice.
As she arrives at the tunnel junction, the Spider splits into four points of awareness, each one shunted down a different tunnel. Her central mind follows the main tunnel down into horticultural records where it begins accessing boring Ai-approved data on the history of gardens, future park projects, and everything else from plant care to fungal remedies.
Her three sub-minds are on far more interesting journeys. They slice along sub-sub-access routes, cleverly disguised as data clearance signals, lulling the Akashic’s paranoid defence system into a sense of false security. She passes massive Schultz Arcadia, silent and inert in the emerald gloom of the tunnels. They are as big as bears and a thousand times more ferocious when their intruder alarms are triggered. They are programmed to hunt down hacker ids or sleeper imagoes, any and all unauthorized access to the data core, and will dispatch these unauthorized programs with extreme prejudice.
*
She has limited time; her ploy will not long remain undetected. ‘You are cunning, Desdemona,’ a voice whispers in every one of her four minds. The Spider feels the cold of that presence for a fleeting moment, and then it is gone, the words echoing into silence. But it is enough. Distracted by the voice, Desdemona lets her guard down for a microsecond and in the CCQ data core a microsecond may as well be a week.
*
The Schultz Aracadia or scharcs as they are more commonly known, vibrate as they pick up the Spider’s one moment of lapsed concentration. She freezes, bringing all four mind-fragments to a complete standstill. The monstrous scharcs buzz and rumble – diamond teeth bits whirring into life, multiple eyes flaring on, searing the gloom with search beam intellects. Then they are edging out into the data slipstream and the Spider realises her deception is over, the chase is on.
*
The scharcs move in dense swarms, thousands of them pouring out of niches in the walls of the data tunnels, dense clouds of ravenous, freshly awakened killer programs. Instantly the Spider explodes into action. Two of her mind fragments send out fat distress signals, attracting the scharcs, before powering away at sub-light speeds. The ruse works; she has one covert mind-fragment left available as her decoy minds lead the scharc swarms on a twisting, spiralling funhouse ride through the vascular data network.
Unobserved, Desdemona’s remaining mind-fragment sinks into an Akashic information nursery where the more sensitive records are kept. There she rifles through hundreds of thousands of records per second, skimming the fat, searching out the lean – her reference marker is ARGYLL DAMASCUS – her mind searching out the vaguest reference to this man; keywords, cross references, subjuncts, and micro memos, anything and everything.
She is intuitive, even under pressure, moving almost randomly in her search for references to the prophet, but there is a method to this abstraction – rules governed by instinct rather than logic – the more unpredictable she makes her search, she knows, the less likely she is to trigger the nursery’s hidden nanny programs.
*
Her decoy minds are meanwhile streaking through a labyrinth of data tunnels, shooting down worm ladders and up logic shafts, charting a paranoid course through archival sub routes, pursued by black clouds of killer programs, hungry for annihilation, skilled at tracking down even the most elusive of hacker ids.
*
In the information nursery her last mind-fragment is busy with tasks of its own. It is hard work. In cyberspace the data is constantly evolving and it is almost impossible to access specifics without proper authorizing codes. Mutating cyphers coil like centipedes around the stems of data flowers, blocking her search. Triplicate condensers spread like a floral phage in reaction to her presence, turning many of the data flowers to stone before she reaches them. She is constantly evolving her own tactics, trying to outwit the security programs before they freeze her out.
Mud nests dangling from the honeycombed walls of the nursery contain sleeping hornet swarms, highly mobile security programs. They are not yet aware of the Spider’s presence, but it will not be long before the Spider triggers a distress alarm – they are hidden everywhere like digital booby traps. She moves from flower to flower, careful to avoid Venus flytraps and carnivore flowers disguised as peonies and innocent carnations.
There – she sees it at last – Argyll Damascus, his name patterned across the carapace of a jewel-eyed data beetle that scuttles away from her even as she sets off in desperate pursuit.
*
Meanwhile one of her decoy minds has been snuffed out. She feels it go like a holo-screen snowing over. The pursuing scharcs are fast and lethal and know the Akashic network inside out. They are slowly gaining on the Spider’s last decoy mind, working her into tighter and tighter tunnels until it is inevitable she will become trapped in a bottleneck or data loop.
In the information nursery, Desdemona works faster, her covert mind burrowing after the data beetle, deeper and deeper – secrets unravelling all around her. She doesn’t have time to linger, but it is tempting to become distracted by exposed information veins referring to black ops, clandestine projects, hidden experiments and conspiracies – a secret history of Golgotha Falls at her fingertips. She sees reference to the Neural Mansion, the city’s very own ghost-ship. She is almost tempted to reach for it, but time is against her.
She senses the scharcs closing in on the last of her decoy minds. When they have dispatched it they will begin a systematic sweep of the entire network, especially its vulnerable points. Then it will be only a matter of time before they find the last of her mind-fragments.
*
At last, with a desperate lunge, she catches hold of the fugitive data beetle, enveloping it with her mind, trapping its wriggling, frantic form. Unfortunately she does not ingest it fast enough and it manages to release a desperate distress signal just before she swallows it whole.
In the same instant her last decoy mind is cornered and snuffed out. She feels a section of her mind implode, the moment of its unplugging as the scharcs bear down on it from every direction, teeth whirring, search beam eyes pinning the decoy, blinding it, and then – nothing – snow – static – a dead channel as her decoy mind is brutally extinguished. The scharcs are swinging back, sweeping the network, more and more of them joining the search like white cells in an infected blood stream.
*
In the information nursery, alerted by the data beetle’s single distress signal, the mud nests burst open and manic hornet programs come swarming out; high velocity winged projectiles, yellow and black, stingers hooked and extended outwards from their tapered torsos. They flood down into the nursery, but the Spider is already spiralling upwards, moving faster than thought, her mind-fragment heading towards the nearest exit.
All the portals leading out of the nursery are simultaneously sealing over and Desdemona has not a moment to spare as she shoots up through the nearest opening, seconds before it seals tight. She streaks through the tunnels of the data network, carrying the data-beetle back to her main mind in horticultural records. Already both minds are moving towards a conjunction point, seeking to merge as quickly as possible. The howl of pursuing scharcs fills the tunnels as they close in on her like a multi-directional tsunami. Her minds meet in noiseless collision, merging, blending; the data beetle wriggling in the centre of her awareness as she explodes upwards, back towards the Garden of Gethsemane.
*
To throw her pursuers off she flips down into deep service tunnels too narrow for the scharcs to follow. She plunges down into vast information lakes, tapeworms dancing around her like underwater flora, uncoiling their laddered bodies, seeking her out with blind appetite. She avoids their endless coils, spinning down past fractal knots and crystal basilica. Damian codes spin like superluminal enigmas in the thickening gloom. This is almost as deep as the records will go. Beneath her lie endless coral fields of dead data, the burnt out shells of deactivated viruses, the bone white remains of corrupted info coils.
She tunnels up the urethra of a phallic-like judas terminus, working her way up a densely layered wall of datum. The scharcs intercept her, swarming down towards her in a sudden avalanche of malignant programming. Their open com signals sound like a tight angry hum, the ugly noise of a crowd on the verge of riot. Desdemona plunges into the muscle of data around her, desperately searching for an exit point, reckless in her fear. Her penetration sets off the wall’s immuno systems, needles of light flashing all around her, trying to lock onto her, the distress cry of the system like a banshee scream in her mind. The scharcs are tunnelling into the data muscle after her, close, so close she smells their appetite.
Ahead is a slipstream tunnel. Desdemona angles towards it, twisting and convulsing as she tries to throw the scharcs off, but they cling to her tight as magnetic mines, twisting after her, aping her every manoeuvre. They are almost on her, their search beams illuminating her fleeing intellect, their buzz a sentient roar that shakes her to the core of her being. And then she is punching through a soft membranous wall and suddenly she is sucked up a slipstream tunnel at enormous velocity, leaving the scharcs behind as she is swept back up into the safety of the garden, the data beetle, her prize, still wriggling in the centre of her mind.
THE GREAT DECEIPT
Djoba is thrilled when later that night the Spider relates her adventures in the CCQ. He sits bug eyed at her feet as she describes the scharcs closing in on her mind fragments, shutting them down one by one –
‘I would have died of fright,’ he declares. ‘I have nightmares about the things lurking in the data core, mother.’
‘They came in from every side, thousands of them,’ the Spider relates, ‘big as ground shuttles, all teeth and search light eyes, and they made this positively evil grinding sound – I hesitate to describe it, my darling, absolutely vile it was.’
‘But you got the data beetle in the end?’ Djoba shakes his head in admiration.
‘Of course,’ the Spider taps her temple as though it holds a particularly profound thought, ‘and I only hope it’s worth the price. I’m not entirely certain the Ai godfathers didn’t track me out of the core.’
‘They won’t come after you, will they?’ Djoba suddenly looks concerned.
‘Not really their style, my sweetheart,’ the Spider yawns, ‘but they’ll be waiting for me next time I access the core; that I guarantee.’
‘What will you do, mother?’ Djoba’s voice trembles at the very idea of the mighty godfathers lying in wait for his precious patron.
‘Cross that bridge when I get to it,’ the Spider replies. ‘Now I really must download this beetle, it’s giving me a dreadful migraine.’
*
Djoba’s laboratory is kept warm relative to the rest of the castle. The ceiling and walls are webbed with conduits and snaking coils of close packed wiring, lab tables stacked ceiling-high with a mishmash of hi and lo tek.
Desdemona can see he’s tidied up not one jot since last she was here.
At the back of the workshop Djoba has displayed his ‘art’. A collection of grotesque effigies composed of the dried body parts of the Spider’s mortal victims. Desdemona feels he mocks her with them, immortalising her transgressions and flogging them to the highest bidder. The rich will pay an exorbitant price for the chance to own a sculpture composed of the body parts of several notorious serial killers. Djoba even provides a certificate of authentication along with each purchase. He has created monstrous anatomies, heads sprouting from chests, arms sewn into leg sockets, multiple limbs spreading from a common torso, Siamese atrocities; fleshless chimera. They are well received in the black art markets of the city, making the little misfit a bit of an underground celebrity.
Desdemona despises his art. It is a mockery of all she stands for and from time to time she has seriously considered banning it outright. But it does serve to keep Djoba out of mischief, occupying a vast amount of his time, time that might otherwise have been spent conducting one of his more dubious experiments.
*
Djoba extracts the data beetle from the Spider’s mind with something he calls a ‘sonic forceps’. The beetle has a twenty-four hour lifespan outside of the data core and when he isolates the tiny program it is already in the early stages of decay. He downloads it onto a data crystal and translates its coded contents on an old-fashioned plasma deck.
Now Desdemona can read the downloaded beetle as a standard text file. The file begins with traditional accounts of the birth of Argyll Damascus in District Tarquinia, one of thirty-five children. It goes on to describe his youth spent as a runner for the feral slum gangs before a scholarship award took him to the University of Petra at the age of fifteen, one of only a handful of such awards given out that year. A natural born leader, Damascus had formed his first movement, The Vanguard, shortly after his eighteenth birthday. He increased his political mandate after graduation, joining the Thessalonians, a left wing political party, and becoming the youngest ever member of the city senate, using his influence to push for greater mortal autonomy and less direct control by the gods. His views gained him a huge groundswell of support amongst a disillusioned populace and swiftly attracted the enmity of the gods themselves.
Thus began Damascus’ years of persecution. He was arrested countless times during the period 596 to 602, his followers subjected to arbitrary detention and property seizures, his books publicly burned and his first born son, Lasrus, murdered by the Guild of Assassins, although their role in the crime could never be proven. After the murder of Lasrus, Damascus disappeared from public records for seven years. Some said he’d left the city entirely and travelled to Grand Bohemia or Istanthia in the former regions of Asia Minor. Others said he’d taken refuge in Four-dimensional space where the mysterious Odessa had taught him the secrets of time and space.
But none could be sure. The only thing that was certain, according to the file, was that when Damascus reappeared in Golgotha Falls he was a changed man. By all accounts he had become an enigma, rumoured to neither eat nor sleep and to have the ability to project his image to far places without use of tek or holographics. He cast a spell upon men, they said, he forced reason from their minds and replaced it with undying loyalty, a loyalty so intense it was almost faith-based. It was around this time that Damascus came to be known as the fourth prophet.
His message, like the man, had also changed. The days of compromise were over. For twelve years Damascus preached a dangerous doctrine. He wanted nothing less than the destruction of all divinity, an end to false gods. He called for the rise of a new age where man would be answerable to none but the angels of his own better nature. And the people listened. In their millions they listened – and it was then that the gods began to fear him.
Damascus knew the layout of the city, its corporate nerve centres, its industrial heartlands; its economic pressure points. In 620 he organised city-wide strikes, mass walkouts and blockades. When the Bles’men were called in to regain control of the city he organised resistance, a guerrilla insurgency built off the back of popular revolt, an everyman army that fought the government forces district by district, street by street, until much of the city was rendered ungovernable.
In 621 the Damascus war began. The gods descended in all their fury, sending forth the angelic host, erasing entire districts from the map, brutally purging all that resisted them – and still Damascus fought on, his army growing more seasoned, more resilient, fighting the angels to a bloody, incomprehensible truce. And just when it seemed certain the gods would capitulate, just when the entire city teetered on the brink of the unthinkable, Damascus was betrayed. By the very woman he loved, so the stories went. Kendra Ashanta, a Hellyte from District Pelas. Her betrayal has become legendary, her name a curse amongst mortals, a blessing amongst the gods, for if she had not betrayed her lover to his enemies, the history of the war between gods and mortals would have ended on an entirely different note.
*
The data file concludes with the standard version of Damascus’ trial in 631, his defence, his sentencing, his execution along with thirty thousand of his followers. The Spider stares incredulously at the screen as the text scrawl ends. She could have gotten a more detailed biography from the local libraries. There is nothing new here, nothing to justify the risk she’s taken in procuring the damned data beetle. She grinds her teeth in silent frustration, her mind churning over the information extracted from the beetle. There must be something else. Something hidden. She goes over the file again and again, probing it for insights, testing it for hidden info caches, but the exercise proves fruitless each time. The file has revealed all it is going to. At last she calls Djoba in.
‘I want you to analyse the file,’ she instructs him. ‘There has to be more to it than meets the eye.’
‘If there is, I’ll find it, mother,’ Djoba promises her.
‘I trust you will, my little munchkin,’ she strokes his head fondly. ‘Run it through a complete scan; leave nothing to chance. I want every glyph analysed and counter analysed.’
‘I’m already on it.’ Djoba settles in front of the plasma deck, the toes of his single foot dancing over the control console with the elegance of a classical pianist.
*
Blue North, an industrial district on the western edge of Golgotha Falls, is a fully automated hellscape, a vast factory colony that festers beneath a blood red sky. Rising in black profusion, huge Cerberus towers perforate the thick pall of smog that covers two thirds of the district. Like reference markers in hell, Mantis domes and furnace silos, burnt black by years of pollution, grope their way out of the industrial soup, alongside the fire gushing horns of vast sub-surface factory complexes. Beneath the fog of pollution industrial ghettoes prosper like huge fungal colonies, twisted, labyrinthine, inhumanly complex super fortresses of black magma steel and silicon reconstitutes.
The Spider thunders through the district of Blue North in her personal carriage, Phobia, her Nightmares galloping ahead of the wheel-less carriage, pulling it along on an invisible cushion of magnetic tension. Phobia races along reinforced roads that resemble massive assembly lines, tunnels opening up in the earth like mouths into hell, swallowing many of these roads down into the subterranean levels; other roads are raised by hydraulic columns to create a vascular network of overpasses.
Blue North’s civilian cromes are little more than workers’ slums built on an incomprehensible scale. The roads are lined with steel grey skyscrapers, row upon endless row, thousands arranged like uniform tombstones, each one commemorating the death of ambition. In Blue North there is little to do but work hard and play even harder, and in this most wanton of districts folks often played for keeps. Outside of the Maniche Slums and Ahura Setti, Blue North has the highest mortality rate in all of the Falls. Its red light area, Ender’s Ville, is a large and sprawling precinct that extends thirteen levels below ground.
Blue North is the automaton capital of Golgotha Falls. Here the great industrial robots and the tiny service drones and all the shapes, classes, and sizes between, are built and shipped out to meet the city’s massive quotas. The men and women who build these metal behemoths are amongst the hardest and most cynical in the city, barely tolerating rule of law and in many areas of the district suspending it altogether.
*
The Spider can see the wicked lights of Blue North through the window slats of The Oxygen Shark’s upper floor office suite. She can hear the mechanised turmoil through the three inch carbo frost windows, the sound of thirty tonne automatons walking the roads outside, megalithic giants slaved to the will of pilots a fraction their size.
‘And owing what am I honoured by the delectable presence of Spider she.’ The Oxygen Shark is a thin cadaver of a man, elegantly dressed in black suede evening jacket and smart dress pants, his shirt is white silk with ruffled sleeves and high starched collar. The watch around his wrist must have cost a small fortune, the ring on each finger a god’s ransom. The naked Dahli girl by the Spider’s side whispers an interpretation of her master’s garbled words. ‘He’d like to know to what he owes the honour of the Spider’s delectable presence,’ she says, her eyes big and fearful, her golden flesh reflecting tiny beads of sweat.
‘I would like information,’ the Spider addresses The Oxygen Shark directly, ‘concerning the original followers of Damascus.’
The Oxygen Shark’s eyes grow vague and prophetic as he places a small mask over his face and inhales deeply. He removes the mask and says, ‘for me profit in it what?’
The Dahli girl is about to translate, but the Spider waves her to silence. ‘When the gods come calling,’ she tells the Shark, ‘the wise man asks for nothing.’
‘Not I am wise, said never I was,’ the shark laughs, ‘when come calling the gods, ask for everything does the fool.’
‘I know of your secret smuggling routes through Pergeden and Naomi,’ the Spider informs him. ‘I know about your automaton fight pits and your illegal carnie shipments. I know where all the skeletons are hidden. What damage could I bring to bear on your operations, how long do you think you’d last if I took a sudden and intense dislike to you?’
The Oxygen Shark smiles. His eyes have become cold and hard, his smile is a wolf’s smile, concealing the bared fangs of his rage. He is cornered and he knows it. Desdemona allows him a moment’s reflection before she says, ‘I want to find a man or woman who fought alongside Argyll Damascus. Nor let my interest in this matter ever leave this office. Do I make myself clear?’
‘Entirely,’ The Oxygen Shark says sourly.
*
He is over two centuries old – a relic of a human being. His eyes are the eyes of a man who has lived beyond his time. Death has been artificially held at bay, but at terrible cost. His whole body seems to yearn towards the abyss and endless sleep, his face collapsing in on itself; his eyes sunk deep into their orbs as though retreating from the world of harsh light and crystallised form.
What could such a man be waiting for? The Spider wonders as she is brought into the small room, the room of war relics and faded holographic memories. It is a dark room, a windowless room, just as the man sitting in its centre is dark and windowless. No light escapes him, none enters him, he has been mothballed, preserved, as much a memento as the objects carefully gathered around him. His name is Argento Musca, a lieutenant who claims to have served under Argyll Damascus, the rebel prophet, almost a century and a half ago.
‘I fought with Damascus,’ he mutters in response to the Spider’s queries. ‘Never was a man like him, not before, not since.’
‘But what sort of man?’ the Spider asks softly. She is gentle with this mortal, this survivor of a bygone era. Almost respectful.
Argento takes his time before replying. ‘A man of honour,’ he says, sucking reflectively on his gums. ‘A man of great character. To stand in his presence was enough to set your pulse racing, to ignite all the dead fires in your heart – I would have lived and died a thousand bloody times for that man and there were many like me, countless many.’
‘Why has his order been resurrected?’ the Spider probes him, ‘why have the Heathen become active again?’
‘Never was disbanded,’ Argento coughs weakly into a dirty handkerchief, ‘never was, just melted back into society, waiting – waiting – we was all waiting.’
‘For what?’
‘A message – from him – from Damascus.’
‘But Damascus was executed –’
The old man smiles, a flicker of his old nature returning for an instant. ‘That’s what they want you to believe,’ he whispers. ‘That’s what they want everyone to believe.’
‘You’re saying he’s still alive –’
Argento winks at her, a slow wink that seems to take forever to complete. ‘I’m not waiting for a damned corpse to show up, that’s for sure,’ he says.
LET SLEEPING PROPHETS LIE
Djoba has had some success with the data beetle by the time the Spider returns to Castle Arineae.
‘Mother,’ he cries from his laboratory as soon as he hears her arrive in the main hall, ‘come have a look see.’
*
According to Djoba the name Kendra, betrayer of Damascus, has been written in old terrain in the data file. This name proves to be an information trapdoor when highlighted and deleted. Djoba highlights the name then promptly deletes it. At once the whole screen begins to transform, the official biography of Argyll Damascus dissolving, the text rearranging itself, forming new words, new meanings –
‘Djoba,’ the Spider declares, ‘you’re a genius.’
Djoba grins with unabashed pride. ‘It was ever so easy once I started looking for text anomalies,’ he explains. ‘Something that might suggest an info cache.’
The Spider studies the screen, trying to decipher the glyphs that now fill it. ‘Can you decode all this?’ she asks.
‘I’m working on it now,’ Djoba responds, ‘won’t take me long, mother.’
‘What would I do without you, darling?’ the Spider blows him a kiss as she sweeps out of the laboratory.
*
Purgatory Hall is a house of pain, a temple dedicated to the ancient art of suffering. Pain has led her here; suffering has ever been her guiding light.
Irony is a bitch.
The Spider drops from a great altitude, timing it just right, slipping down through an invisible cat’s cradle of security beams and pressure detectors. Her web line decelerates her, bringing her to a complete stop a few feet above the domed roof of the penitentiary. She severs the line and threading it between her fingers, turns slowly so that she hangs right side up. She then releases a second line, snagging the dome’s central spire. Holding onto the first web for support, the Spider retracts the second, slowly winching herself across to the spire where she rests for a few precious seconds.
The penitentiary is bristling with security deterrents. It is one of the most secretive buildings in the city, but every secret has a golden flaw in Desdemona’s experience. There is an air inlet situated close to the bronze spire, too narrow for human proportions, but there isn’t a bone in the Spider’s body she cannot wilfully dislocate. By elongating her torso, she can twist down through the narrowest of openings, worming her way along cramped shafts and flowing around corners angled too tight for anything larger than vermin. It is exhausting work, contorting to such extremes, but it is the ace up her sleeve – a secret weapon she can wield against most security systems.
She moves with agonising slowness, oozing down vertical shafts, crawling along airless ducts, her scrying eyes open, prepared for the unexpected. Through the walls of the shafts she hears the distant echo of voices, the soft hum of idling machinery, a cold and sinister sound that reaches into the air inlets and sends dead fingers of disquiet along the Spider’s spine. What she hears is the sound of the infamous Omega machine that powers these halls; that engineered its many artificial hells and administers suffering on an apocalyptic scale. Yet it sounds so soft, so seductive; so innocuous – like the sound of a huge ice cream maker churning vanilla froth in its cold belly.
*
The shaft she is crawling along abruptly ends with a steel grill that lets in horizontal bands of light. Beyond the grill the world drops away into vast open-ended gloom. The Spider punches the grill free of its position, catching it with an expertly cast web strand before it falls clattering to the ground far below. Retracting the strand she draws the grill back up to her, setting it carefully to one side before slipping through the shaft opening. She clings upside down to the ceiling for a few moments as she orientates herself. Then releasing a web line from the base of her spine, she secures it to the ceiling scaffolding, her scrying eyes scanning the future, before she abseils down into the shadows of Purgatory Hall.
*
She lowers herself through endless rows of bodies, naked, suspended in stasis fields that glow like grey, sickly auras. There are thousands of corpse-still bodies, floating one above the other, side by side; forming a macabre network of aisles between their stacked, motionless ranks. The bodies are alive. Sensitive bio monitors make certain they stay that way, but metabolism has been slowed to virtual zero; the prisoners of Purgatory Hall are in a deathlike state that can go on for all eternity if the machines remain switched on. They are as close to death as mortal flesh can come, but the minds are very much alive, each one jacked into its own virtual hell where they suffer endless tortures, their physical bodies unblemished, showing no outward signs of the pillage, the slow rape of the minds trapped within.
It is said that they scream in stasis, endlessly, and no one can ever hear them.
*
‘Eureka!’ Djoba cries the instant he cracks the data beetle’s encrypted message. His shrill voice echoes through the halls of Castle Arineae and the Spider quickly makes her way to his laboratory to see what he has discovered. She finds Djoba standing in front of his plasma deck, a look of mortification on his face.
‘Mother,’ he whispers as the Spider joins him, ‘none of this was in the history books.’
There it is; white text floating on a black screen, the indisputable seal of the CCQ data merchants embossed at the head of the brief message, authenticating it, verifying it down to the last glyph. Damascus is not dead. Not according to this new version of events. His execution had been a holographic sham and for the last century and a half the rebel mortal has been held in Purgatory Hall, a penitentiary designed especially for gods.
‘Well I’ll be damned,’ the Spider mutters as she reads the decoded message. ‘Why hold a mortal in a prison for gods?’
‘Mother asks all the really good questions,’ Djoba sighs.
*
Now she is in Purgatory Hall, chasing an answer to her really good question. She moves like black lightening, a flickering shadow amongst the ranks of the living dead. Her eyes, all three pairs, reading past, present, and future, as she attempts to narrow her options, to find the mortal needle in a divine haystack. There are hundreds of gods imprisoned in Purgatory Hall, thousands of demigods, and even Titans are rumoured to be held here, hidden in the deepest recesses of the hall. More like a requiem than a penitentiary, the hall contains a divine army held in permanent stasis.
She comes at last to the body of the rebel prophet, Argyll Damascus. There is no reason to risk coming here. His body in itself is meaningless. She could access his virtual prison from any remote point in the hall. It is his psyche she is concerned with after all, not his flesh. But she feels compelled to see his physical form, to get a measure of the man he had been a century and a half ago when his will had last powered these muscles. Suspended from the ceiling scaffolding by a single web line the Spider stares down at the body of Damascus. She is preoccupied with a single thought; all roads lead to Damascus – all roads lead to Damascus – until it becomes a kind of litany, a dirge to the dead.
He is a small man, unexceptional, dwarfed by the stature and strangeness of his divine neighbours. He looks almost feminine, a fragile creature floating in that hall of endless horrors. Why do they fear you? the Spider whispers to that levitating body. Who are you? What are you to them?
The shaven head of Damascus is covered with a transparent skull cap. The cap has numerous sockets embedded in it out of which trail delicate wires; the wires are connected to a dead box that rests on his chest. Damascus’ open eyes are like blank windows, his flesh waxy and hairless. Every follicle of body hair had been shorn from his flesh when he’d first been incarcerated here and the stasis field prevents new hair from growing.
She studies the man for a long time. When she has finished the Spider winches herself up along her web line and once clear of the topmost prisoner, wings her way silently through the hall, twisting around security beams, playing cat and mouse with ricocheting bounce alarms that move about the hall in random balls of sonic tension. She alights on a service balcony and moves quickly through an open door, down a light starved passage and past doors identical to one another in all but their plaques; Virtual Suite IX, Virtual Suite X, Virtual Suite XI.
She comes to a room, the fourteenth in the sequence. The dead box on Damascus’ chest had the numerals XIV embossed on it and Desdemona assumes the suite will give her access to his private hell. Virtual Suite XIV is a large circular chamber, its observation windows looking out on the fifteen vast purgatoirs that together make up Purgatory Hall. The walls of the suite are black fish scale, pocked with oval viewing monitors. Some of these monitors are blank, lifeless, but many others reveal twisted nightmares; divine souls in the throws of exquisite torment, psyche cameras broadcasting every stomach turning detail of their torture.
The chamber is filled with rows of reclining chairs, long and sleekly contoured, covered with lizard hide that is scaly and organic to the touch. Scalp, temple, and spinal plugs are attached to these chairs for those with the necessary body sockets. For those lacking sockets, small black psyche-orbs sit on the arm of each chair. These emit psychic knives when positioned above the recipient’s forehead, more painful than plugs, but handy for those who do not wish to be permanently disfigured by body augmentations.
The Spider lies back in a chair and lifts the orb to a spot directly above her forehead. She lets go of it and the orb hangs suspended where she has placed it, spinning fast on its axis. The Spider closes her tru-eyes and a moment later she senses a silent flash through her eyelids. In the same instant she feels a sharp spasm in her brain as the orb plunges its psychic knife straight down into her mind. At once she feels another reality spinning up out of darkness, coalescing around her, and suddenly she is no longer in Purgatory Hall.
*
An ancient-world painter named Hieronymus Bosch had provided the visual blueprint upon which this new reality is based. A writer from the same period called Dante Alighieri had provided the prose. Yet neither language nor vision could match the sheer horror of this Judaeo-Christian inferno.
The heat is almost indescribable, like standing in the mouth of a nuclear blast furnace. The air rolls in thick syrupy waves, shimmering with heat distortion. When the Spider regains her senses she finds she is standing in the heart of an enormous cave system, its ceilings festooned with stalactites, pointing teeth-like towards the ground. The walls of the cave are covered in a varicose network of weeping magma. There is no real ground to speak of, instead a series of rock bridges crisscross the cave and beneath these a larval river rages far below, sending up poisonous vapour clouds and chunks of superheated rock.
Naked mortals are herded along the rock bridges by demons of every conceivable ilk; chimera made up of disparate body parts, insects with human heads, reptiles with bird wings and long flickering tongues, sloth creatures with huge snapping jaws, medusa with stony eyes and writhing serpent hair. These demons swarm after the mortal sinners, tormenting them with studded whips and cat-o-nine tails and pitchforks dipped in excrement. In their panic, the mortals scream and gnash their teeth, many plunging headlong over the sides of the bridges, down into the burning river below, but harpies swift as sparrow hawks pluck their twisting bodies out of the air and carry them back to the bridges to resume their torment.
The Spider walks along a deserted secondary bridge. Sections of it have caved-in, the red glow of the larva river rising up through these gaps like St Elmo lights. On the far side of the bridge she enters a large cavern with black tree roots growing down through the ceiling, and blood red weeds pushing up through the ground. A man has been suspended in the centre of this cavern by thick iron chains. He is an enormous man, tall as a Titan, the skin of his muscular torso flayed by the kiss of whips, crude text scorched into his skin by hot branding irons, his blood caked dry, his face broken and bruised, but even through these injuries the Spider can see this is Argyll Damascus, his face identical to the face of the man suspended in the stasis field back in Purgatory Hall.
And yet it is not the same man. He is enormous here, his girth superhuman, his physique the equal of Hercules. He has been cruelly confined, his back bent to near breaking point, hooks pulling his mouth into a permanent grimace of pain. All around him harpies wheel and hover, chatter and hoot, inflicting horrific injuries on their prisoner, scorning him as he tries to twist away from their relentless assault.
The Spider steps into the cavern and in a clear voice, she says, ‘Ladies, a moment, if you please.’ The harpies snap their heads in her direction; their proto human faces snarling in surprise. When they see the Spider they curse and scream in protest, but flock to a nearby rock outcrop to wait until her business is concluded. The Spider walks up to the tortured man and stands before him, dwarfed by his stature, staring up into his blazing, defiant eyes.
This is Damascus. This is the part of him they fear. His spirit, made manifest here in this virtual bedlam and abused for over a century and a half, and still he stares back at her, unbroken, unbowed. In that moment she understands why the Elohim fear him. In spirit, this mortal, this frail and pitiful thing, is every inch the god.
From their nearby perch the harpies mutter amongst themselves, impatient to continue the torment.
In this world Damascus stands over nine feet tall. The chains that bind him, as thick as tree limbs, stretch up to an overhead stalactite where they have been firmly secured.
‘Who are you?’ she asks him.
He grins down at her, his teeth blood flecked, his lips bruised and tender. ‘Not yet mad,’ he whispers, ‘not yet.’
Not yet mad?She thinks: Ye gods: who can withstand this torment without breaking? Yet here he stands. Here he stands.
‘Who are you?’ she demands again, her voice harsher than she intends.
‘I am Damascus,’ he growls, ‘Argyll Damascus.’
‘Do you know where you are?’
He nods fiercely. ‘I do.’
‘Where?’
‘Where you are not,’ he says simply; ‘in a place beyond torment.’
‘You are suffering,’ she tells him, ‘any fool can see that.’
He stares at her without blinking. ‘Can you end my suffering?’
‘No.’
‘Then why speak of suffering?’
She frowns at this. His broken face tilts towards her, eyes locked on hers, burning with the will to live.
‘Do you come to mock,’ he asks. ‘Perhaps to salve my wounds with vinegar?’
‘I have come to ask a question.’
‘Then ask. I can guarantee you no answer.’
‘I have been twice attacked by mortals bearing your insignia. The Blanca Lupe they were once called, part of the Heathen insurgency. What do you know of this?’
Damascus shrugs and the mass of chains shifts around him. ‘It is a game, you see,’ he rumbles, the sound of his voice seeming to emerge from deep within the cavity of his chest. ‘I am one thing and I am many – can even a god understand the contradiction?’
‘Why do your followers attack me, Damascus?’ the Spider demands. ‘What just cause do they have?’
Damascus stares at her for a long time and his eyes are not the eyes of a mortal. They are gateways into the inferno of his condition, as grey as thunderclouds, streaked with blood red lightening, but beyond the pain, beyond the tragedy, there is a compassion that beggars them both. It disarms the Spider, shrinking her, diminishing her anger, and she feels strangely becalmed, as though somehow this man could reach into her and extinguish her own eternal pain. She sees, in that instant, how it is possible that men and women might follow Argyll Damascus into the halls of death itself if he asked them. In another time, another place, she might have been one of them.
‘You are awake now,’ Damascus says softly, ‘that is a good thing, Desdemona. You know now you are vulnerable, and so you are better prepared to face the future.’
‘You’re saying the assassins were a wake-up call?’
‘If I’d wished you dead, believe me, you would be dead.’
The Spider believes him. She stares up at the rebel prophet. He has not seen the light of day in an eternity. Yet there is something wrong here. It is his will, his aura. It is colossal, dwarfing this child’s fantasy of damnation. It makes the harpies seem as though they are the ones in torment, chained to this man by the sheer gravity of his charisma.
Why do the Gods fear you? she wonders again. Are you more than they?
‘There are worse things than death.’ he tells her. ‘One day even the gods will fall, Desdemona. One day everything must fall.’
‘And if the gods fall, Damascus, who will replace them. Man?’
Damascus nods. ‘Man made perfect by suffering. Man forged in the fires of oppression; a new type of man, an old type of man, the most ancient of men, men who have not walked the face of this earth since bygone times.’
‘You are mad!’ the Spider exclaims and the harpies titter and pass the word back and forth, ‘mad, mad, quite mad,’ they whisper.
‘I am not surprised,’ the Spider shakes her head, ‘this torment would drive even a god to despair.’
‘And yet I do not despair,’ Damascus replies. ‘I simply bide my time in chains until the one comes to set me free.’
‘You will never be free,’ the Spider tells him. ‘You will be broken in this place. This is your immortality Damascus. This is your eternity of pain.’
‘It is you who will be broken, Desdemona,’ the tortured man replies, ‘crucified on a web of your own making. I will not mourn that day. But neither will I rejoice.’
The Spider’s voice becomes cold and brittle. ‘You know something,’ she says. ‘More than you’re saying. Damn it, mortal, speak to me. Who moves against me?’
‘Time is moving against you, Desdemona, you are running from the inevitable, and in the end you will have no place left to hide. But this I will tell you, my followers do not seek your death, I guarantee this and no more. It will make no difference; death will still claim you as it does all life in the end, even divine life.’
The Spider clucks her tongue with impatience. ‘Goodbye, Damascus. You are of no consequence to me. We will not meet again, in this life or the next.’
Damascus manages a laugh, a dry chuckle; his chest hitching with the effort. ‘We will meet again, Desdemona. Your scrying eyes cannot see that far ahead, but mine can.’ And fresh eyes open in Damascus’ forehead, blazing forth a light that blinds the Spider, sending her reeling from that place, flailing around in panic. The harpies begin to howl with terror, taking flight, heading for the cavern shadows, away from that annihilating light.
At last, exhausted, Damascus closes his scrying eyes and his great head slumps forward on his chest. The harpies will return when they are certain he has passed out. They will blindfold both his scrying eyes and his true eyes and then the old torments will begin afresh. His face twisted into a thousand summers of regret, his head bowed, blood matted locks falling around his face like dying vine, Damascus, in the moment of his defeat, seems more powerful than any god the Spider has yet met. It is this image of him that she takes back with her to Purgatory Hall.
*
Awakening from Damascus’ private hell, Desdemona waits impatiently as the psyche knife is retracted back into the orb floating above her forehead. She leaves Purgatory Hall as stealthily as she’d entered it, and only realises how badly shaken she is when she is back in the open, bathed in wintry night, breathing in great gasps of air.
*
In Castle Arineae she broods in the heart of her nest. Damascus had a following once, an army of fanatics willing to live and die at his say-so. Having stood face to face with the man’s psyche, if not the man himself, the Spider can easily see how this could be so. He has a bearing about him, a quality peculiar to great military leaders and wild-eyed prophets of every age. A sleight of personality that was somehow able to harness and exploit the collective desires of lesser men. But his cult members had been persecuted and scattered in the days following the armistice between gods and mortals, when Damascus and his fellow rebel leaders had been arrested and put on trial. The others had been executed, and yet Damascus, the most dangerous of all, had merely been incarcerated in Purgatory Hall like a viral culture; neutralized, but threatening the city with an ideological pandemic should he ever escape his confines.
Why don’t they kill him? She asks herself for the thousandth time. She cannot believe simple fear of Pandora’s prophecy could have stayed Dagda’s hand so long. Can they kill him? A psyche that powerful? Do they fear the thing he might become after physical death? Like the ancient-earth story of Jesus Christ, did they fear Damascus’ death would precipitate the fall of empire?
*
As she leaves Castle Arineae that night to hunt down the city’s minor monsters, Desdemona is reminded of something the holo man told her on the roof of the Murray Leinster hypermarket. It is strangely poignant now, a thing she had forgotten until her encounter with Argyll Damascus in Purgatory Hall.
It is the wisdom of angels – he had said - that death can make mortals out of gods and gods out of mortals. It was a sliver of wisdom she took with her into the wicked night of her beloved city.
THE END
THE LEGEND CONTINUES IN 
VOLUME 2: THE WHITE BOOK
Special thanks to Clare Draycott for gallantly battling my grammatical demons, 
& Sean-Lee “Casual Misfit” Udenkwo for the cover- imagery and long hours of philosophical discourse.
