I’M A CYBORG UNTIL FURTHER NOTICE

CHAPTER 1: LETTING GO

“My name is Orchid. Like the flower,” I had always said as a child.
 I reached my small hand up towards a red balloon that was sailing out over the ocean
And cried when it never came back. 
I was born by that sea. 
I played in those warm waters. 
And I died twice in the desert. 
CHAPTER 2: SUFFERING
	
That fucking moon was yellow, an ugly globular corn kernel sagging in the sky. I thought I could see the filthy glow of the trailer park, sallow and speckled like old kitchen grease. It had been three days since I’d slept or drank water. Three days of bleeding into the sand. I wept for MC, dead in a ditch up on the hillside. And I mourned for my brain, which I was sure had holes in it by now from this great and terrible, dry, sleepless void. 
	Takeshi was dead. Deader than Andy, deader than MC burning on the hillside. The night with its dilapidated moon and its mocking cactus were smiling wickedly at me. The landscape blurred and I couldn’t tell if it was my eyes, my brain, or that white trash moon playing tricks on me. 
	I could hear Andy, Takeshi, and the MC calling for me. They were all out there. I imagined them dancing, chanting my name. 
	We were closer now, and I thought I could actually smell the trailer park; The hot desert sand, thick with the dry musk of dehydrating rattlesnakes and Gila monsters turning to jerky on the ground. I imagined I could smell the decades of congealed grease belched out from rusting ceiling vents, and the useless perfume of sporadic cactus flowers; a fragrant “fuck you” too delicate to mask the trailer park reek, but too insidious to miss. 
	True love’s a hard bite they say. A hard bite, a long walk, and no sleep. Fuck you ugly moon with your arrogant fucking cactus flowers. They were white and dainty, opening in the night like bitches after the prom. 
CHAPTER 3: DROWNING

I dreamed then. I dreamed of dolphins not moving in calm waters. Stillness that should not have been possible in these ocean waters. I tasted salt before I even opened my eyes, and I knew it was a sea, a sea with cool waters almost too cold to be comfortable. I could feel it hugging the curves of my body. The curly foam of my dark hair pooled around my shoulder blades and floated on top of the water. I raised a hand and touched the calm liquid, feeling the peculiar surface tension. It was as though the sky could not or did not want to violate the water’s resistant boundary. The waters receded around me, and I screamed for them to come back. I was left standing naked in sea of dry sand. 
CHAPTER 4: DESPAIR

“We’re off the grid—that’s how we ended up down here in the first place,” she said. 
“You’re off your rocker if you think there’s such a thing as being off the grid,” the other said.  
“We’re in an environmental protection zone. By definition, we have to be off the grid.”
“I bet you believe everything you see on television too.” 
One of them was short and mal-proportioned—her head was too large, and her trunk, swollen and lumpy, was perched on toothpick legs that were shaped like inverse triangles. Top-heavy as she was, a strong breeze might blow her over, but she walked with a wide plodding gait, her flab of abdominal flesh pounding against her thin ankles. Wire-rimmed spectacles hovered over her pockmarked face, and she held her hair away from her face in frizzy braids. 
The other was tall and lanky, but she wore shiny skin-tight spandex pants that she buttoned high on her waist. She had somehow managed to tuck a puffy cranberry-colored blouse into the tops of the impossibly tight pants, and it gave her the illusion of a billowing waistline. A large mole dotted the landscape of her pointy face, just beside her nose. 
Their clothes were dirty, ripped in places and festooned with ribbons of mud and dirt, like they’d gone shopping at a mall and a tornado had stopped by. Sweat dripped slowly off their foreheads, falling into the powdery desert soil at their feet. The fecund drops failed to evaporate in the peculiar mugginess. It wasn’t even monsoon season, and they were already besieged by the rising heat and unwelcome moisture. Dry heat my ass.  
“Hey, Orchid! Orchid!” the lanky one called out to me. I stared at her, but couldn’t process, couldn’t remember what her name was. I knew that I was drooling a little, and I hoped that no one noticed, that they thought it was just sweat pouring off me from this desperate heat. I blinked and drooled in her direction, hating every moment of the disgust that I saw in her eyes. 
  The lanky one sighed and groaned, her fluffy shirt stretching and heaving against the tight band of her pants. “Maria, can we get rid of her yet? She’s just a useless lump of Jell-O—she has a pulse and moves, but she’s just a waste of carbobars. I don’t even understand why you rescued her in the first place.” 
“Gertrude. We’ve been over this before. She’s special. Trust me, she’s going to save us all,” Maria said, and touched my arm. 
Maria made a marked contrast to the two girls. Her dirty blond hair was braided loosely, comfortably, and a light sprinkling of large-bore freckles peppered her cheeks. If not for the strangely clean and flowy BoHo attire, she could have been the poster child for Aunt May’s chicken farm. Not that there were chicken farms anymore—not like that anyway. 
Maria felt so benevolent, but part of me agreed with the spiteful Gertrude—that's right, that was her name. My short-term memory was improving. A large part of me wished that Maria had left me where she found me. At The Farm, at least everything had been a blur. I still wasn’t certain what it had really been called, but Maria called it that. That, I remembered. The medication at The Farm had made it impossible to do much thinking at all. It had all seemed mostly like globs of color, vague rushes of lukewarm water, and weightlessness, the senses blending together. And that was how it was supposed to be. 
Maria had come, and with her had come pain. With her had come movement, aching jerky movement. With her had come taste. Not taste as I remembered it. The things we ate still tasted more like those blobs of color, and I knew that it wasn’t supposed to be that way. Waking up was hard, and going back to sleep would be so much easier than this, easier than living, or whatever this was. I still didn’t know how or why Maria had come for me. I didn’t understand what it was that I was supposed to do, and I wasn’t even sure how long it had been since I’d woken up.  
“Maria, Gertrude is right. She’s just a blob, and worse—we’re going to get caught!” the fat one said. 
“Yeah! Emma is right! We’re going to get thrown into The Tank.” I saw her shudder, even in this heat. I couldn’t remember what The Tank was, but from the way they talked about it, it seemed worse than my old memories of prison. I had been in prison before, I knew that. Before things had changed, before the big shift. It hadn’t been that bad, as I recalled. 
One thing I couldn’t remember was who this Gertrude and Emma were, and why Maria was with them. Maria was kind, sweet, and pretty. Gertrude and Emma…I didn’t need all of my brainpan intact to know that I didn’t like them. I couldn’t be sure, but when I looked at Maria, underneath that sweet exterior, I thought I saw something. A glimmer of something not quite sinister, but sly, knowing. It didn’t make me worried—on the contrary, I smiled inside every time I caught a glimpse of that smirk that told me she had something else up her sleeve. 
Maria smiled. “Ladies, it’s going to take awhile longer for Orchid to recover from the drugs. She was in suspended cognizance for twenty years, and we’re lucky we were able to get her back at all. Not everyone is able to recover like this after so long.” 
Twenty years? Damn. I wonder if she’d said that before. It seemed like maybe she had. Twenty years. I had been at The Farm for twenty years. I decided not to process that. Sometimes it’s best to feign mental incompetence, even to yourself. 
“I still don’t understand what she’s going to do for us anyway. How can anyone recover from that?” Gertrude said, poking my arm aggressively. I frowned inside, but felt that it didn’t quite reach my face. 
“Patience ladies. Orchid is our meal ticket. We’re going to be able to eat real food, not just carbobars. Think about it. Real. Food,” Maria said slowly, lingering and prolonging the vowels in food until even in my hungerless state it sounded good. 
Emma’s eyes widened, and I could almost envision the types of foods she was dreaming of. I remembered real food too, and wondered what happened to it. How had we been reduced to eating nothing but flavorless brown bars? From what Maria said real food existed out there somewhere. Was it reserved only for the very special? I wished I knew. 
“Real food. I…don’t even remember,” Emma said. Somehow I doubted that, judging from the size of her. But, I felt like I had barely eaten any of those awful carbobars, and from the looks of it I was maintaining and even gaining weight. It was hazy, but I remember being emaciated the first few weeks of freedom, so something must have been sustaining me. 
“That's right,” Maria said, shifting from one hip to the other, her feet digging into the sand, and I could hear the rocks shifting under her feet. It was strange, my motor reflexes and my memory were stunted, coming and going in waves, but my perception seemed sharper than ever, and every noise made me scream a little inside. It had been like this before it seemed. But maybe going so long without feeling anything had intensified everything. 
The sun was digging into my eyes and I could smell, smell the cactus. I hadn’t been born here in the desert, but I remembered living here. The smell of cactus had always bothered me.  With great heaving effort I swiveled my head upwards to confirm my suspicion: we were surrounded by giant saguaro cacti. It occurred to me that it was strange, these cacti. Piecing together chunks of the past several days, and even the last few moments I gathered how the cacti were still standing. We had traveled through some true wastelands before arriving. The smell of animal and human corpses, their bones drying and cracking in the sun still haunted the back of my mind. Someone had mentioned that we were in an environmental protection zone, although I had already forgotten who. Somehow this area must have been spared the worst of whatever had happened to this world. 
“Ew, what’s she doing?” Gertrude said. 
I must have been making noises on accident again. It was infuriating to have so little control over my own body, while my mind was still functioning. At least back at the Farm everything had been distorted. 
“Don’t worry about it—she’s going to get better, and she’s going to get us past the guards in the meantime,” Maria said. 
“Are you sure about that?” Emma said. “They’re just going to let us in with her because we say she’s one of the escaped Farmvicts?” 
“Not just because we say so—she’s on record as an escapee. They’ll know that we’ve caught someone with a warrant out for their return, and let us in for the reward,” Maria said. 
“And it really works like that?” Gertrude said, and even in my stupor I could hear her dumb gullibility. 
I flopped my head back towards Maria, and my eyes lolled back into place just in time to see that smile of Maria’s again. I had an idea of what was going on. 
“Yes, it really works like that. Once they let us in we’ll have to make a break for it. You girls will not have much trouble since you’ll be free to go. I’ll have to free Orchid, which will be a bit more tricky. 
“How are you going to do that?” Emma said, this time her question sounding less vacuous. This question concerned me as well. As much as I didn’t care for being a in a semi-vegetative state with one increasingly untrustworthy leader and two cows that were more brain dead than me, going back to The Farm didn’t sound anymore appealing. 
“Leave it to me. You can choose to stay by me and reap the real benefits of Orchid, or go y our own ways. Your choice,” she said. 
Neither girl responded, likely lost in thoughts of turkey legs or whatever kind of food stuffs still existed that I suspected were not likely to actually be in their future. I tried to muster up the force of will to be worried, but my limbic system didn’t seem to be responding to much at all. Then again, it never really had before anyway. 
“Well then,” Maria continued. “We’ve got another half day of walking, and unfortunately no horses or mechanohorses are allowed in this sector. We’d be thrown in The Tank even if we did manage to find one. We could probably make it to the government checkpoint by nightfall, and you’d have yourself a checkpass loaded with enough points to buy a real meal at one of the govie marts just south of Marana,” Maria said convincingly. 
The two girls looked at each other. Normally a night out in this desert would not have been on my top list of priorities, but I felt so little of anything it hardly seemed to matter. Although, I had begun to remember more. It seemed that even the things I had forgotten over the past few days were beginning to return to me. 
And I really wished that some of them hadn’t. 
I recalled that we’d lost our tent, our only real shelter, to a pack of wild javelina a few days back. I’d been lucky Maria had been there to beat them off of me—had I been left to defend myself, I would have quickly be gored by greedy boars. Risking another night like that didn’t sound pleasing at all, and I could see the girls weighing the though of another exhausting half day hike through the desert versus another night of suffering through another cold, dark, dangerous night. 
In the desert, everything is potentially deadly. That much hadn’t changed. 
“I think we should try to make it,” Gertrude said. “One of those giant mutated scorpions was crawling around our camp last night. I’d really rather not have that happen again.” 
Emma scoffed. “We’re in an environmental protection zone, there ain’t any mutated nothing out here,” she said.  
Gertrude looked at Emma, as if she was figuring out for the first time that her friend was not so smart. 
“Okay then,” Maria said, ignoring a bout of squabbling that broke out between the two girls. “Lets get a move on to see if we can make the checkpoint before nightfall. There are too many snakes on these off road trails at night to be safe for us to travel—mutated or not, you don’t want to step on a rattlesnake.” 
I agreed with her on that one. However I had already begun to suspect that stepping on a snake might not be such a problem for Maria. But the last time I checked, decrepit neuromotor system or not, getting bitten by a rattlesnake in the middle of nowhere would probably really ruin my day. 
“Do we really have to stick to the back trails?” Emma whined. “It’s so hard for me to walk over those stones, and I keep running into cactus.” She scratched her ass and rubbed a few places on her arm that I assume had been cactus victims at some point. 
Maria just smiled patiently. Too patiently perhaps. “No Emma—if a roving patrol finds us with Orchid before we turn her in ourselves, then we won’t get the reward, and if some other group of vagabonds finds us, they would cause trouble for us somehow. They’d either steal our stuff, or they’d try to steal Orchid if they figured out what she is. We can’t have that now, can we?” And she sounded oh so sweet and logical. 
“Yeah, I guess so,” Emma conceded and wiped sweat off her brow. 
Maria dusted off her hands and picked up a large pack that had been sitting behind her. “Okay then—shall we?” 
Slowly, reluctantly, the girls picked up their own packs. 
“Why doesn’t Orchid have to wear a pack?” Gertrude said. 
Maria just kept smiling. “Gertrude dear, she can barely carry herself in this state. It would be unwise to burden her with extra weight. I’m sure the three of us can manage for a few more hours. And then you’ll be back in a community safe and sound, and you won’t have to worry about things like this anymore,” she said.  
She grabbed the chain to the harness that was strapped around my abdomen. I was also wearing a collar around my neck, but I think after I stopped resisting movement, she switched to the more humane harness. I should have cared that it was demeaning, but in truth upward pressure on the harness was sometimes all that kept me on my feet. 
“Come along now,” Maria said, giving a tug on my harness. 
We started off on our slow slog through the difficult desert scrub. The path was dotted with cacti of various kinds—cholla, saguaro, barrel cacti, as well as jagged rocks and thorny bushes. I was grateful for my lack of tactile sensation because every few minutes it seemed like I was slamming into one spiky obstacle or another. At night, I think Maria helped pull the cactus spines from the day’s journey out of my body. If I did get more sensation back, I wondered how much residual pain I would have from the injuries sustained on this expedition. 
Maria frequently stopped for water breaks, which mainly consisted of her pouring water down my throat slow enough for me to actually swallow it without aspirating, while Gertrude and Emma looked on in absolute disgust. After the third water break Emma threw down her pack. 
“Can’t we take a break for lunch? You’re stopping every hour just to water the vegetable,” she said. 
“She can’t thermoregulate herself yet, so I need to make sure that she stays hydrated out here. It won’t do any good for us to bring in a dead warrant, now will it?” Maria said patiently, with no edge of frustration in her voice. 
Emma huffed. “Okay fine, but why can’t we stop for food then?” 
“The last carbobar you ate shouldn’t have reached the end of its caloric discharge yet—we’ll be fine until we hit the checkpoint border, and stopping longer than a short water break is wasting time. Let’s get a move on so we can get out of here before darkness falls,” Maria said. 
We pressed on, and I savored some of the water that actually made it down my throat instead of down my face. As more of my memory became clear, I knew that she was right. I’d had a hard time controlling my own body temperature, and recalled feeling totally freezing when it was blazingly hot outside, and burning up when the air had an icy chill to it. Nothing about this body was functioning right. 
As we walked, I struggled to maintain my hold over my short-term memory. I tried repeating what we had done, what I had heard today, so that I didn’t lose my grip on things. I had no idea if any of this was actually having an effect, or if my brain was slowly recovering from the fog of 20 years of heavy-duty drugs. At least doing something made me feel better. 
It was odd, plodding through the desert, not really feeling my own shuffling feet moving across the scrubby desert floor, but hearing it so acutely. Truthfully I wasn’t sure how I was able to move in the first place. It’s like I was a zombie shambling after Maria’s necromancy spell. I thought of the zombie movies I used to enjoy and wondered whether movies existed still. It would be a shame. I had always preferred the company of animals and film to real people. 
Emma seemed grateful for my painfully slow pace, as she could barely keep up with the group anyway, and Mari was ever-patient, but Gertrude couldn’t stay quiet about how much faster she wished they were traveling. 
“Can’t we just drag her along the ground, or find a wagon to put her in or something?” she said. 
Maria stopped for a moment and turned around. Gertrude shuffled her feet to avoid ending up nose to nose with Maria. “Now Gertrude, dragging Orchid would just be rude, and I don’t know about you, but I haven’t seen any wagons around here. Not to mention that it would be highly suspicious for us to be found doing either to a presumably fit woman. There’s vigilante law out here—if we get caught, I guarantee you will not like the consequences,” Maria said sweetly, and turned around before Gertrude could respond. 
We trudged in silence for several more hours, and as the sun sank lower towards the horizon. Even though I was grateful for the cool breeze that had begun to twirl past us, tickling the cacti and ocotillo with its chilly fingers. At night the desert is cold—nothing to hold the heat in. When there had been roads, concrete, the cities would stay warmer due to the heat trapped in the cement. 
Out here there was nothing but sand, cactus, and desolation. 	
As the sun went down, I could see lights glowing in the distance. We were almost there, which was both good and bad. Good because wandering around in the dark with the snakes and no light source was just asking for trouble. Bad because I wasn’t sure what was about to happen. I had an idea. But there was always that chance that Maria really was just going to dump me with the authorities. Logically, I knew that this didn’t make sense. Maria wouldn’t have gone through all of the trouble of risking her life to get me out of The Farm, only to dump me back into the hands of the authorities for only a measly hunk of reward money. No. She had something else in mind. Was she even going to give me over to the authorities in the first place? Would she really be able to get me back? My memory of the day she freed me from The Farm was still too hazy for me to know how she had pulled off such a feat. Especially with me being a completely limp vegetable at that point. In fact, if she had acted alone, there was only one way I could think of that being possible. 
I stopped, which was actually much harder than I thought it was going to be. Once my motor system got going doing one thing, it was hard to make it do something else. The chain link leash attached to the center of my chest harness jingled and went taught as Maria failed to notice my immobility. I almost fell over with the momentum of the jerk, but my own floppy muscle tone seemed to counterbalance the motion. 
“What is it Orchid?” Maria said. “Just a bit more and we’ll be there. Hold on for just a little longer.” 
I did my best attempt at some kind of vocalization and threw my hands towards her. 
“Oh my god, what is she doing?” Gertrude said. 
Maria ignored her and stared at me. After a moment of thinking, she extended her hand towards me. Slowly, laboriously, I lifted my hand into hers and tapped a sequence into her palm. 
I was exhausted by the effort, but as I finally let my hand droop, I saw her eyes widen in the light of the fading sun. I had my answer. 
She smiled then, a different smile than I had seen previously. “So you are in there still. You will not disappoint us,” she said. 
“What the hell are you two doing? The sun’s going down,” Gertrude snapped. “I don’t want to run into anymore critters in the dark, like the other night.” She shuddered, and I couldn’t remember the incident she was referring to. “So stop your blabbing and get a move on.” 
“As you wish,” Maria said with an uncharacteristic cold slyness, as though someone knowing her secret made it less important to keep up the act. Or perhaps we were so close to our destination that it didn’t matter. 
We continued along towards the glowing beacon in the distance, and I had the strange feeling that everything was going to be okay, despite what I had just discovered. It nothing else, I was more confident that I wouldn’t accidentally be left in the hands of the government cronies. 
CHAPTER 5: ARRIVAL

	The guard station wasn’t exactly what I had been expecting. I was used to military personnel wearing crisp, clean uniforms and behaving in a regimented, formal manner when they were on duty. These guards looked like they had spent the better parts of their career in some kind of battle, and their uniforms reflected that. They wore dusty tattered clothes, with pieces that didn’t quite match each other, as though they had gone shopping for uniforms at a thrift store, and had picked items that were similar in color but not actually the same. It occurred to me that I really knew nothing about the government or the military situation of this world twenty years after my life had effectively ended. For all I knew, this was just some ragtag band of scavengers that had formed together out here on the frontier and called themselves a government. 
	Maria had advanced from the group, leaving Gertrude and Emma ready to piss themselves a few paces back. I trailed just behind Maria, guided by the leash. 
	One of the two guards had taken the lead. A spring of brown hair trailed down under his dusty blue cap. He looked young, but his face was oddly worn and wrinkled. 
	“So you say you’ve got an escaped Farmvict there, eh?” he snickered. Day to day operations were likely boring out here, and he was savoring this moment. 
	“Well, that’s what we think we’ve found at least. Our town received a notice about looking out for types like her. Since we were the ones that found her, our Mayor said that we should be the ones to bring her in, for her own safety,” Maria said with that perfect country innocence. 
	“Heh. Right, of course. How noble of you. You were hoping she’s one of the Farmvicts with a bounty on her head though, weren’t you, you pretty little thing?” He grinned and looked her up and down. His partner, who stood legs akimbo with a large machine gun balanced between his two arms, laughed, and it didn’t take a lot of brainpower to know what they were thinking. I didn’t know how many available women were in this compound, but I could guess that it wasn’t many. 
	“If she happens to have a bounty available for her safe return we wouldn’t be opposed to collecting that, but we are also just glad to do our duty to our service unit’s regulations. Whatever she is, she’s clearly not self sufficient, and needs to be in a facility of some sort regardless,” Maria said cooly. She reached back to poke at me, and I needed no help making noises and jerky motions that would have convinced anyone that I belonged in an institution of some sort. 
	“Well ain’t you virtuous,” the guard said. “Pretty brave walking out here all by yourselves, just you ladies and no men, don’t you think? You got anyone else hanging out back there in the desert?” He asked, peeking around behind Emma and Gertrude. 
	“Your sensors would have detected it if we had any other company with us. We’ve been out here on the frontier for some time—we know how to make do in the desert,” Maria replied logically. 
	“And no weapons? You girls came out here unarmed?” he asked, raising an eyebrow, as if only an idiot would wander this desert without armaments. 
	Maria smiled and played with the end of her dirty-blond braid. “It’s against the law to bear arms within an environmental protection zone. We wouldn’t want to get in any trouble, especially with us representing our homestead and all. If we brought shame to our community, we’d have to leave, and it’s so hard to find good homesteads nowadays.” 
	“Right. Jared, search ‘em for weapons while I go get a scanner.” 
	The other guard came and patted us down a little too thoroughly, clearly enjoying every second of the contact. Emma and Gertrude squirmed and grimaced, while Maria stood calmly while Jared took an extra long time searching her person for any trace of weapons. He took a look at me, with what I knew to be my slack-jawed and drooling visage, and he didn’t bother to pat me down. 
CHAPTER 6: ALL’S WELL THAT ENDS.

	The other guard returned with an electronic device that looked like the things grocery store workers used to have to scan items for checkout. He grabbed my wrist and ran the device over the inside surface just under my palm. A loud screeching beep emanated from the device, and red lights flashed along its surface. 
	“Hoo hoo boy! We got a Class 1 fugitive here!” The guard said. I had no idea that I was so important. What had I done in my past life to deserve such a label?
	“Jared, grab the girl,” he said. Maria calmly handed over my leash. 
	The guard grabbed me by the shoulders, and I couldn’t help but protest with some incoherent cries. I had never cared for being touched. 
	“Easy there, Jared. We need her in one piece if we want to claim that reward,” he said. 
	“Hey that’s our reward!” Emma cried. “We walked all the way through the desert for this.” 
	The first guard laughed. “That’s too bad now, isn’t it? In fact, for all I know, you guys have a nice bounty on you too. Jared, give me that scanner.” He snagged the device that was now hanging off Jared’s belt. 
	He roughly snatched Maria’s wrist and ran the device over it. The scanner was quiet, and the guard seemed visibly disappointed. He advanced towards Emma and Gertrude who shrunk and cowered at his approach. He caught Emma’s wrist first, and she whimpered in surprise. A pass of the scanner and it began flashing and squawking. 
	“Well look at that. We got ourselves a winner.” 
Emma’s face crinkled in terror. “No, no! There’s got to be a mistake. I haven’t done anything!” 
“That’s what they all say,” he said, taking out a pair of thick, rusted steel handcuffs. 
Emma screamed as the cuffs dug into her thick wrists. She looked like a caged animal, ready for flight or fight. I realized that this guard station was not well manned. With high-level fugitives discovered, there should have been more backup coming out of the wings. 
Gertrude stood frozen in terror. 
“Bet you’re in cahoots with her, aren’t you Missy?”
“No! No! I haven’t done anything wrong,” Gertrude cried as the guard used the scanner on her. It immediately screeched its warning and flashed its bright red lights. 
“Looks like it’s our lucky day, Jared!” he said. 
“I’ll say boss!” Jared replied, practically drooling in anticipation.  
A mortified Gertrude and Emma stood still in shock while the guard shackled their hands and linked their arms together with a longer chain. 
He looked at Maria. “And you. You’re clean, but you want to say how you ended up consortin’ with three known fugitives?”
“I had no idea,” Maria said evenly. “I was simply designated to help escort them to release the Farmvict. I didn’t know that I was traveling with criminals.” 
“Well, according to the scanner, these two stole this ‘vict from a compound in New Mexico. Guess you greedy girls thought you’d get a nice fat points card as a reward, ha?” he said. 
“No! We’re innocent! Maria set us up. She’s the one that found the retard!” Gertrude cried. 
Maria shrugged. “What they say is false.” 
The guard looked at his partner. “We can’t turn her in because the QR code doesn’t register a warrant, but we can still hold her for questioning.” 
Maria nodded. “I have no objections to this. I would like to clear everything up so that I can give an accurate report back to our homestead.” 
“Whatever lady.” He poked her with his Machine gun. “Get a move on.” 
CHAPTER 8: THE WAY OUT.

	They hadn’t bothered to handcuff me, since it was clear I would not be making any speedy getaways. I sat on a metal chair in the waiting area. Like the guards themselves, the decor was an odd mishmash of parts. The building itself constructed of dirty cinderblocks. The desks in the intake room looked like old world, WWI era surplus that had somehow survived all these years. The floors were poured concrete, stained and cracked with substances best left unknown. On the wall in the corner there was faded sign that said “Dogs only,” that looked like it had melted and warped itself permanently into the concrete. I got the feeling this place had been converted from a dog pound into a small prison complex. 
	“You two stay here,” the guard said. She couldn’t believe they were foolish enough to leave them unattended, but before leading a stunned Gertrude and Emma back into what she assumed was the cell area, they bolted a large heavy metal door behind them. 
	It was probably made out of lead, and I assumed there was most likely a thin layer of lead enveloping the whole building. Dog shelter turned fallout shelter—there was a certain symmetry to that. 
	The hallways leading off the intake room bifurcated into two separate areas. I guessed, judging from the one remaining sigh, that at some point in the past, one side had been the dog holding area, and the other had been for cats. 
	They dragged Emma and Gertrude down the canine side. Maria leaned over and whispered to me, “When I come back we’re going to make a break for it. Trust me, and go along with it for as long as possible. If we stop, they’ll kill us. Orders are to exterminate Farmvicts if they are attempting to escape. Just don’t resist, and I’ll get us to safety.” 
	I already knew that something like this was going to be her plan. I still wasn’t quite sure why she had bothered with this whole elaborate scam. It was clear that she had brought Emma and Gertrude in to be a diversion. But for what? What was in this facility that was so valuable?
	Maria walked to one of the locked desks and gripped the handle of one of the drawers. There was a heavy combination bolt on the outside. She held it tightly and closed her eyes. I heard a soft whirring and a click, and then the drawer popped open. If I had had better control of my facial muscles, I would have smiled. 
	I couldn’t see what Maria took from the drawer, but something was clutched tightly in her hand. I was worried that the guards would come back, but I heard Emma and Gertrude screaming in the bowels of the building, and I knew that it would be awhile. For a moment I wondered why they hadn’t gone after me or the beautiful Maria first, but figured it was just a matter of easy targets. Emma and Gertrude radiated a helpless victim vibe. I looked like a drooling retard, and as sweet as she looked, there was a certain something about Maria that just said, don’t fuck with me. Gertrude and Emma certainly weren’t any sort of prize, but after too long alone in the desert, I guess anything started to look good. 
	Maria trotted off down the opposite hallway with what I assumed were some kind of keys. I sat and tried to ignore the grunting and laughter of the guards overlaid by Gertrude and Emma screeching and pleading for them to stop. 
	A few moments later Maria reappeared, machine guns and ammo strapped across her chest and back, followed by a red-haired man. His hair was overgrown, and his red beard was full and shaggy. He was dressed in a dirty khaki jumpsuit with a black on white strip of numbers across the left side of the chest. He too was festooned with several impressive weapons and an imposing array of ammo. 
	Maria whispered to me again. “I’m going to carry you for awhile now. Just let yourself go limp.” 
	I couldn’t think of anything else to do anyway. I was basically a sentient bag of goo. I wondered who this fellow we had gone through so much trouble to rescue was. From the looks of it, he had been here for some time. 
	Maria heaved me over her shoulder, and I felt the dull edges of bullets digging into my stomach. Thankfully the sensation in most of my body was still quite numb, or I imagined it would have been quite uncomfortable. 
	She held her hand up to the hulking lead door, and I heard another soft click. The red-haired man carefully lifted the heavy latches. This place was strange in that there seemed to be a lot of old world artifacts, but also some items of newer technology, like the key sensor device that Maria had pilfered from the drawer. What kinds of advances or devolutions of technology had happened while I was in my suspended state? 
	Maria and the man pushed on it together, and the other door heaved open. Dry sandy air flowed past me, tickling my nostrils. 
	We ran, and I bounced against Maria’s shoulder, but she had no problem keeping hold of me. The area surrounding the bunker was surprisingly empty. Bright flood lights illuminated the compound. A small guard station sat at the entrance of the gate. The compound itself was walled off with a high chain link fence ringed with barbed wire. 
	We circled around behind the bunker where there was a small collection of vehicles. There were some larger Humvees, along with several rusted and ruined jeeps. How long had they been rotting in the sun? At the back of the unfortunate collection, there was one bright shiny motorcycle. It reminded me of some of the Asian racing cycles that had been so popular many years before, only it was larger, closer in size to an old biker hog. 
	“Perfect. This baby’s partially solar powered. No gas station in the protection zones, so that’ll have to take us far enough,” Maria said. 
	She put her hands on the dashboard of the cycle for a moment, her eyes closed again. She pushed a large circle button at the top of the display, and the machine purred to life. 
	“We’ll have to ride with Orchid between us,” Maria said. “Be sure to hold tight to her—she has almost no muscle tone, and she’ll fall off if you don’t keep a good grip on her.” 
	The man nodded and took me off of Maria’s shoulder so that she could mount the cycle. He wasn’t quite as effortlessly strong as Maria, but I could still feel the power in his grip. He plunked me down on the cycle behind Maria and quickly climbed on behind me. His strong arms wrapped tightly around me and hooked in front of Maria. I rested my head on Maria’s shoulder for support, and quickly found that I had become ever so tired. The bullets dug into my face, but I didn’t have the energy to care. 
	Footsteps followed by shouts and the sound of bullets ricocheting off metal and concrete. 
	“Come back here!” Someone shouted, but I couldn’t even raise my head enough to see which one of them it was. 
	“If you shoot at them, try not to kill anyone—if one of them dies, it will automatically send a signal back to their headquarters and they’ll helicopter troops out here. We could probably lose them, but it’s not worth the trouble.” 
	I felt him nod, and he took one arm off my waist, slinging one of the machine guns out in firing position. “Try your best to hold on,” he whispered to me. 
	Maria revved the engine and shot forward. I jerked back and forth between her and the man as we sprayed sand around us. The man began to fire, and the noise of the shots fired point blank next to my ear was nerve shattering. The machine gun dug into my back, as it pumped forward and throttled back with each round of shots. I closed my eyes and attempted to block out as much of the stimulus as possible. Before this type of noise and action would have sent me into a sort of shock. I didn’t even care if I got shot, I just wanted the noise to stop. 
	I heard someone scream in pain, and assumed that one of our shots had hit its mark. 
	“I hit one of ‘em in the leg. Shouldn’t be lethal,” he shouted over the roar of gunfire and having cycle engine. “But he’s not totally down, and the other one is still blocking the exit gates.” 
	“This thing’s got enough power to get us through the fence even if we can’t get through the gates. Hold onto Orchid. I’m going to fire a volley into the fence to weaken it before we go through. 
	Another round of gunfire went off and hit the ground around the base of our cycle, and I heard some whizz past my face. 
	The man slung the machine gun back behind him and gripped me hard around the middle again. I lifted my head up enough to see Maria aiming one of the enormous machine guns directly at the fifteen-foot fence that stood between us and freedom. The deafening sound of the gunfire sent me cowering again. We surged forward towards the weakened fence, and Maria cried out, “Throw the grenade right before we make impact!” 
	Grenade? I thought I as felt the man make a quick jerking motion behind my back. Moments later an explosion, so loud that it felt like it blew us further forward, rocked the compound. I screamed loudly in my head, but it just came out as a garbled choke absorbed by the cacophony of the blast. 
	Struggling to overcome the anxiety singing in my nerves, I flopped my head backwards to see the other stock of vehicles enveloped by roiling smoke. Destroying transportation: good idea to make sure there was no chance of either of them following us, bad for my mental status. I was so engrossed by the flames that I wasn’t paying attention when we slammed through the fence. The man pushed my head down and forward, covering me with as much of his body as possible. Who was this man who was willing to sacrifice his body for a perfect stranger?
	Even with this protection, sharp bits of metal from the ruined fence dug into my arms and legs. I couldn’t even imagine what this was doing to Maria’s body. But then again, it probably wasn’t as big of a concern for her. I could hear the twisted metal screeching and tearing apart as we tore through its structure. This was no ordinary metal. It must have been made of some extraordinary alloy. 
	It seemed like a lifetime, even though it was likely only a few seconds before we were through the fence, free of the compound, and speeding through the vast plain of sandy darkness. Maria expertly maneuvered around cacti and other large obstacles, even as we maxed out the accelerometer on our own bike. Such incredible reflexes—meanwhile I couldn’t even hold my own head up straight. 
	“Where are we going to shelter?” The man called over to the loud rushes of wind and engine churning. 
	“Up the mountain. There’s an old underground bunker by the observatory grounds. It’s secure and outside any protection zones or homesteads. We should be safe if we can make it there by dawn. 
	We rode on into the night, my eyes blurring with the effort to watch as Maria navigated our treacherous path through the desert. Having the man’s arms around me felt strangely comforting and somehow safe. I had no idea what these two were planning to do with me, and I had absolutely no reason to trust either of them, but to do otherwise was an exercise in futility. I was helpless, and I had to accept whatever fate I would suffer in this disabled body that had become my prison. 
	I lost track of time and stared up at the sky. The intense stars were bloated. They swelled in the India-ink sky as if they knew that they were the sole rulers of this haunted domain, and they were free to absorb the heavens. Wishing they would absorb me too and free me from the penitentiary of my body, I closed my eyes, and let myself fall asleep, rocked by the back and forth sway of the bike.
CHAPTER 9: NEW BEGINNINGS

	I awoke in a bed. It had been so long since I had slept in an actual bed that I almost didn’t recognize what it was. Even with my limited tactile sensitivity, I could feel that there was something soft beneath me, and a warm blanket spread over my body. I opened my eyes and confirmed that I was on some kind of futon directly on the floor, a fuzzy white blanket that was greyed and pilling  was spread over me. Lamps were lit around the room that had no windows. The walls were made of wooden planks that made it resemble an old miner’s cabin. 
	Clean white bandages were wrapped around my arms, and I assumed they were there due to cuts from our perilous escape the night before. I mentally paused—I remembered last night. All of it. And the day leading up to it. My memory really was improving. Perhaps my brain was indeed slowly healing itself. Even though there was some minor bliss in ignorance, there was a sense of panic I’d had grasping at phantom memories that floated in and out of my grasp. Chunks of memories would come sailing back out of context, assaulting me with their graphic images that horrified and confused me. At least as a continuous narrative, the memories of the horrendous gunfire and explosions from our escape made sense, and I wasn’t left guessing why I had witnessed such destruction and violence. 
	“Hey, she’s up,” the man said, out of my vision. 
	“Will you check on her again Andy? Make sure she’s doing okay?” Maria said, back in the sweet tone of voice that I had grown accustomed to hearing from her. 
	“Of course. She seems to be doing fine though. I’m afraid there’s nothing else I can do for your leg or your…shell without more equipment. I’ll have to leave that hardware open for a day or so anyway so that nothing corrodes from contact with your biofluids. Sorry about having to strip off so much of the biolayer, but it was the only way to let me get into the mechanics underneath. I think a chunk of shrapnel from the explosion got in there. When we get back to the chapel I can patch you up for real,” he said. 
	“It’s okay—this shell isn’t compatible with my phenotype anyway. We’ll have to switch it out or ditch it soon anyway. As for the leg, I can’t run on it, but we’ll be on cycle or horse most of the time,” Maria said. 
	“I’m glad there was at least enough supplies here to patch us up a bit. With Orchid’s limited mobility and sensation, I’d be worried about infection, but that shot of antibiotics should hold her until we get back to the clinic,” he said. 
	So the mystery guy’s name was Andy, and he appeared to be a doctor or medic of some sort. I heard a conspicuous thudding against the floor, and Maria came into my field of vision. Numerous cuts on her face had been sutured shut, and she looked a bit like a scarecrow. She wore short sleeves, and I could see peekaboos of metal showing between the lashes in her flesh. Her right leg was stripped of all skin and muscle below the knee, and bits of frayed wire protruded from its mechanical core. 
	I wasn’t shocked. I had probably figured out that she was a cyborg several times since this journey had began, but had likely forgotten the discovery repeatedly due to the holes in my recent memory. But yesterday. I remembered yesterday. I had clumsily tapped to her in binary and she had understood. If there was one thing I remembered how to do, it was how to talk to machines. Before everything had gone to hell I had been one of the most highly sought after programmers and engineers out there. Staring at the wires protruding from Maria’s leg, I wished that I had a toolbox and some working appendages of my own—I bet I could have gotten it working again. 
	Andy leaned down over me and smiled. I unconsciously smiled back, and I think that some of it actually translated onto my face. 
	“Hi, Orchid,” he said, putting his hand on my head. “My name is Andy. I’m a doctor and I’m going to try and help you.” 
	He was so kind, and gentle. I couldn’t help liking him, even if they both might be planning awful things for me in the future. They were helping me now, and that was going to have to be good enough. 
	He shone a penlight back and forth across my eyes a few times. 
	“Her pupillary response is very slow. That means she’s in really rough shape neurologically,” he said. 
	Well, I could have told him that. The only way it could get worse at this point would be total paralysis and not being able to breathe on my own. I had visions of the old iron lungs used by polio victims before my own time. Most people today probably didn’t remember such things. 
	“Do you think that you’ll be able to get her back to normal function?” Maria asked. 
	Andy was still crouched close to my face, and I saw the look of concern in his eyes. He wasn’t young, but he was handsome, and the lines on his fair skin just made him seem more trustworthy. He looked a great deal cleaner than he had been yesterday, and I gathered there was some form of water in the cabin or nearby. His eyes were blue and full of worry. 
	“I don’t have a lot of evidence for this, but I think that she’s cognitively intact. I don’t want to scare her. Let’s hold off on that statement until we get back to the chapel and I’ve got more supplies to work with.” 
	He looked back at me and just his gaze was comforting. “Orchid, you’re able to hear me, right? Blink once for yes, twice for no.” 
	Maria had feigned and perhaps even meant her kind words, but she had never made any real attempt to communicate with me. At least no attempt that I remembered. This wasn’t surprising given the revelation that she wasn’t human. I had never cared much for human attention, and it was odd to feel so moved. 
	I blinked once and was thoroughly surprised to feel a tear rolling down my face. At least that’s what I thought it was. I knew what tears were, but couldn’t remember actually crying before. Something cool was moving down my face, and it wasn’t warm enough in the cabin for it to be sweat. 
“It’s okay,” he said and wiped the tear off my face. “I promise you, I’m going to do everything in my power to help you get better.”
And I believed him. For a moment I let myself believe that he just might be telling the truth. 
He stood up and faced Maria. “Where is the Cowboy?” he asked
“He’s had his own bit of difficulty staying out trouble,” she said. 
Andy scoffed. “Somehow that doesn’t surprise me. Not that I can really talk since I got caught myself. What did he do this time?” he said. 
“Oh he’s not caught currently, so thankfully we won’t have to go on another rescue mission. Takeshi gets in trouble, but fortunately he’s just as good at getting himself out of those tight spots. Last I heard he was holed up in an abandoned settlement outside of Picacho. He’s got horses for us to ride once we breach the non-mecha zone. 
“Mount Picacho? That’s not a very secure area. We should get to him as soon as possible, or we’re going to have another rescue situation on our hands,” Andy said. 
	Maria nodded. “We should be okay for another day if you’d like to rest. Takeshi’s more valuable in a fight than most small armies, and the government won’t touch that area, so at the most he’d have to deal with would be roving bandits and greedy homesteaders. You’re injured as well, and you’re just as important as Orchid. We shouldn’t move until everyone is prepared.” 
	“You’re injured too,” he noted. 
	“Yes, but we all know that it’s not the same. I won’t heal much over time, except superficially,” she said. 
	“But you still feel pain, and you have biological parts that still require rest,” he replied. 
	Maria considered this for a moment. “You are correct in this. We can rest for today and the remainder of the night,” Maria said. 
	“You want to travel by day?” he asked. 
	“Coming down the mountain will be safer, and we’ll be less likely to be harassed by marauding bandits during the day out here. I hate it, but the solar power of this machine might not be fast enough, and we may need to breach a homestead for more gasoline.” She leaned against a wooden table and the mechanics in her leg crunched and ground against themselves. 
“There’s surplus clothing in the closet in the back of the bunker— Make sure to wear long pants and long sleeves. Cyborgs aren’t welcome in this area, and it could lead to trouble if anyone found out,” he said. 
Maria nodded. “Agreed. It’s also going to be an issue keeping Orchid’s physical status a secret. She looks just like what she really is—someone that escaped from a Farm. It wasn’t such a problem leading up to the compound because we were so far off the grid. We’re going to be going right through Phoenix this time. Even without an easy bounty sitting on our laps we’re going to need all the luck we can to get through in one piece,” she said. 
Andy sighed and shook his head. “I can’t do it, Maria. It would be incredibly inhumane.” 
“Would it be more humane to let her die? Let some bounty hunter drag her head back unattached to her body? This isn’t just about her or you and I. We lose her, and we can lose everything,” she said. 
He buried his face in his hands. “Only if she agrees. She’s already had enough done to her body against her will. I won’t stand for essentially raping her, regardless of the consequences,” he said. 
Maria nodded. “Okay.” 
Andy turned back to me. He put one hand back on my head, and the other on top of my right hand. He looked straight at me with those blue eyes. 
“Orchid. You’re special. And I know that all of this is terrifying and awful, but you’re an extremely important person. Maria rescued you for a reason. If we can get you back to my clinic, I’ll do my best to get you out of that malfunctioning body. But until we get you into the safety zone, you’re in a lot of danger. Freeing you was an incredible feat. No one even knew where you were for almost two decades.” He paused and licked his lips. 
“The way you are now is…conspicuous,” he continued. “If anyone sees you like this they’ll know what’s going on. I can give you injections that won’t really help with your mobility, but they will help your muscle tone—keep you from being so flaccid.” He paused again and scratched his head. 
“Problem is, it’s basically a nerve toxin—a tetanoid derivative. That means it’s going to hurt. Your whole body is going to lock up into one big muscle spasm. You’ll be miserable, but at least you’ll be able to sit up straight on a horse. I can’t really give you any painkillers because it’s going to be hard enough to breathe with your muscles hypertonic like that. I should take us two days tops to get out of the danger zones and into Cowboy territory,” he said. 
Cowboys? Chapels? Tetanus? This all sounded completely bonkers. I liked the idea of being in gut-wrenching pain for three days about as much as I liked the idea of being eaten by rattlesnakes for lunch, but I didn’t have a whole lot of options at this point. I also had no desire to go back to the Farm and live out my days as a pincushioned vegetable. And as little as I knew about Maria and Andy, I was thoroughly Stockholmed. I actually didn’t want to see any harm come to them. I had no idea how I could be so important, seeing as I didn’t even have basic motor or communication skills, but it was better than being left to rot in an underground cabin up some godforsaken mountain. Sometimes it was good to have VIP status, merited or not. 
“You don’t have to make up your mind for sure right now, but blink if you think this is something you can bear, if I promise to get you better once we’re out of the danger zone,” he said, squeezing my hand. 
I paused and blinked once very distinctly. 
“Good girl,” he said and patted my hand. “I’m actually going to give you something to sleep now—you’ll need all the rest you can get before we set out again. That goes for all of us, but you especially need to give that nervous system of yours a break. Do you understand?”
I blinked yes. 
He left my field of vision and came back a few moments later with a glass bottle and a syringe. Moving aside some of the bandages on my left arm, he ran a wet chunk of alcohol-soaked over my bare flesh. I felt a dull pinch as he injected me with the contents of the syringe. 
He pat my head again. “Just relax. You’ll feel better in a few minutes.” 
I was filled with a soothing warmth, and I began to forget about all of the unbelievable things that had happened over the last few days. I closed my eyes with the vision of Andy’s kind face in my mind. 
I didn’t fall asleep immediately, and I couldn’t help listening to Andy and Maria chatting about me. 
“You’ve certainly grown attached to her quickly,” Maria said. 
“I knew her before all this happened, before you were around, remember? I’m appalled at what’s become of her,” he said. 
I knew him before? I couldn’t remember him, couldn’t remember ever having known anyone like him. How did we know each other? 
“I know. She probably remembers none of that,” Maria said. 
He sighed. “Maybe that’s for the best for now. Perhaps in time she’ll remember again,” he said, and I could hear the sadness in his voice. 
Who could he possibly be to me? I didn’t remember having any close relationships back when I had been normal, and I didn’t think that I would forget something like that. 
I wracked my brain to think of what this all meant, but sleep overtook me, and I succumbed to the quiet void of narcotic-induced slumber. 

CHAPTER 10: CONTRACTIONS

	I awoke again to the soft sounds of Maria and Andy whispering to each other, and the hollow thumping of Maria’s leg dragging lamely along the creaky wooden floor of the cabin. Opening my eyes was a challenge, and when I was able to focus again I watched the two of them walking back and forth across the room jamming items into packs. 
	“We’re going to have to travel light since we’re all sharing once cycle and extra weight will slow us down, especially if we have to ride on solar power. If I know Takeshi, he should be well-prepared and stocked with more things in his makeshift tent than most people have at their home bases. We just have to get to him,” Maria said. 
	“If we’re lucky he’ll be ready with a wagon. That would make things a lot easier,” Andy said. 
	Maria sucked air in through her teeth. “Hauling a wagon through Phoenix? I don’t know, that sounds like just asking for trouble,” she said. 
	“Well, let’s worry about that when we even know if it’s a possibility. I’m confident that the Cowboy will pull through for us. You and I aren’t such bad shots ourselves, and we’ve got some nice armaments courtesy of those govie fuckers,” he said. 
	“That might be a problem, actually. I’m glad we found these big coats back in the storeroom. It’s going to be a bit hot for you and Orchid, but we’ll be traveling past some arms-free territories that are likely to get feisty if we try to pass through with machine guns strapped to our chests. We don’t want to alert any more people to our presence than necessary, and blowing holes through an entire settlement of homesteaders wouldn’t be our best bet for subtlety,” she said. 
	“Agreed. I think we should try to make it through on solar power if we have to. If we can get started now, we can be up Mount Picacho by mid-day even if we long detour around the homesteads and the environmental protection zones,” he said. 
	“You’re more optimistic than me, but I’ll go with that plan for now. Let’s get a move on,” she said. 
	He sighed. “I’ll get Orchid ready. Will you help her bathroom and cleanup while I prepare the serum? It’s extremely thick and takes several minutes to mix correctly.” 
	Maria came over and smiled down at me. “Rise and shine flowerchild. Big day ahead of us,” she said as though I was a kid waking up on Monday morning, and she was one of the housewives of days past. I knew she was a machine, but it was still a bit creepy, the way she could switch between cold business and such a sweet demeanor. It was even more unnerving with the patchwork of stitches laced across her once pretty face. It looked like her bioshell was beginning to heal itself already. Amazing, a machine that could heal like human. Who had created such strange and wonderful creatures? Weird. I knew that I was intimately familiar with cyborg circuit design and programming, or at least I had been, but I couldn’t remember anything about the development of cyborg technology. 
	Maria helped me with the rather embarrassing and clumsy task of using the bathroom, which was just a latrine pot in a small alcove at the back of the cabin. As much as I didn’t care for someone helping me toilet, I was glad that I had control over my bowels and bladder in the first place. With my lack of motor control, I really was lucky to even be able to breathe and keep from soiling myself…most of the time. I couldn’t be certain, but I seemed to have some fuzzy recollections of not always keeping control of my bodily functions while we had been traveling with Gertrude and Emma. 
	Gertrude and Emma…I didn’t really want to think about what had probably become of those wretches, but it wasn’t all that surprising that I had so little remorse for them and their fates—I had always come up a bit short in the empathy department. 
	Maria escorted me back to a wooden chair in the middle of the main cabin room, and I clumsily sat. 
	“She should have food and water before we do this. I don’t know if she’ll be able to eat after I give her this,” he said. 
	I had also been fortunate to retain enough control to eat and drink some without choking to death. Looks like that was about to end. Awesome. She draped a towel over my chest and helped me to hack down part of a carbobar and a reasonable quantity of water. I hadn’t really cared before, but suddenly I was embarrassed in front of Andy. I probably would have blushed, had I been able to. 
	Maria cleaned me as best she could, and Andy approached me, bearing an intimidatingly large syringe in one hand. In his other hand, he held a piece of rope. 
	“I am so sorry about this,” he said. “Are you still sure you can go through with this?” he said. 
	I blinked once. What choice did I have? 
	With a look of pure pity he tied the rope around the lower part of my tiny bicep. Moving aside some of the bandages again from yesterday, he swabbed another cool patch of alcohol in the crook of my elbow. I didn’t really feel the needle going in, despite its large size. Wasn’t so bad really—felt odd more than anything. The gel was cold as it entered my veins, and it felt weird, but I thanked my unresponsive nervous system for dulling the discomfort. 
	Andy withdrew the needle and re-bandaged my arm. 
	“I wish we had some basic equipment—like a stethoscope,” he said. I’m a little worried about her breathing. 
	Suddenly it felt like all of the muscles in my body were rippling and twisting. I looked down to see my hands opening and closing in spastic clonic jerks. I let out a strangled cry and stopped any thanking I had been doing to my nervous system. The pain was extraordinary, and my muscles were contracting and releasing so hard I thought they would snap. 
	Andy embraced my body with his, holding me and trying to soothe me through the agonizing waves of spasms. I sputtered and screamed in his ear, but he held tight. 
	“Just a few more minutes and it will settle down,” he said. 
	Despite what he said, I didn’t think it would ever stop, but an eternity later the contractions eased, settling into a dull, spastic pain as muscles decided on a permanently stiff position. 
	“Shhh,” he said. “There, there. The worst of it has passed. 
	He had better be right. I didn’t think I could take much more of that. After so long without any significant stimulation, I wasn’t unprepared for that kind of pain. 
	They gave me some time to stop breathing so hard, and Andy did his best to make sure my heart and lungs were doing okay. When he was satisfied he said, “Go ahead and try to walk.” 
	I was dubious of this prospect, but I gritted my teeth and attempted to stand. I almost toppled over immediately, unaccustomed to having much strength or tone in my muscles. Andy helped right me, and I gave it another shot. After adjusting for the new mechanics, I was surprised to find that my walk was more stable than it had been. Each step was uncomfortable, but having the extra muscle tone really did make it easier to move around. I practiced moving my hands. I thought I could almost hear the sinews in my fingers creaking with every flexion. It ached, but I almost had some gross motor abilities back again. If I hadn’t been in so much pain, I might have smiled. 
	“Perfect,” Maria said. “Let’s go.” 

CHAPTER 11: OVER THE VALLEY AND THROUGH THE WOODS

	Did anyone in this era know who Clint Eastwood was? He was probably rolling over in his grave somewhere. We looked ridiculous. Three adults crammed onto a medium-sized motorcycle, flying down the side of a mountain wearing oversized brown canvas dusters and wide-brimmed cowboy hats. Only instead of being armed with dueling revolvers or long-range rifles, we wore heavy artillery under our coat that would have fit better with one of those old Mafia movies, rather than the Western we were dressed for. Movies. I again about them, and hoped that they still exited somewhere. They had been one of my only friends for so long. Losing them would feel like losing one of my best friends, I imagine, if I had had any of those. It was a ridiculous to be perseverating on movies again when there were so many other bigger problems in my life, but sometimes all we can do in a time of crisis is cling to the familiar. 
	I pushed thoughts of movies out of my head and tried to focus on the scenery whizzing past us at incredible speeds. If I hadn’t remembered this place, it would have been shocking. I knew we hadn’t traveled that far, no more than a night’s journey from where we had rescued Andy, but we were in an entirely different biome. I figured out where we were—up Mount Lemmon. Gone were the cactus and ocotillo, the blowing sands, and the raging sun. We were flying down a one lane cracked road winding around tall, vibrantly green trees. I was actually thankful for the heavy duster because the temperature was nearly forty degrees cooler than it had been out in the desert. 
	It was paradise after wandering on foot through the desert all of that time. Were there other places like this? Or was this one of the last remaining forests? Bits and pieces of the past were floating back to me, and I knew that something terrible had befallen the world. It felt like the Pacific Northwest up here, but I didn’t even know if the Pacific Northwest still existed in any sense that I remembered it. I wished that I could communicate in more than grunts and eye blinks and a few garbled lines of binary tapped haphazardly in Maria’s palm. I had so many questions I wanted to ask, but I was gagged by this defective hunk of flesh. 
	Despite the constant pain in my muscles, I felt better. My thoughts seemed sharper, and I was clearly holding on to most if not all of the events that should be catalogued by my short-term memory. I was able to hold my head up and actively watch the passing scenery, and I even held some of my own balance on the bike so that Andy didn’t have to grip me so hard. Had Andy put something else in those injections he’d given me over the last day, or was I just naturally recovering away from the influence of the sedating drugs that I had been held captive by for two decades? I screamed in my head for answers that I couldn’t ask for. 
	I did my best to ignore the frustration and pain, and enjoy what could have been the last forest and the last bit of peace that I’d have for a very long time. My intact and enhanced sense of smell and hearing had a field day sorting through all of the fresh, alive stimuli. I enjoyed scents and sounds I hadn’t experienced in decades and it was amazing…but something wasn’t right. I couldn’t figure out exactly what. It sounded okay—birds twittering, leaves and twigs falling and snapping under the paws of forest critters—but it smelled wrong. Underneath the organic there was something I couldn’t identify. I wanted to stop and investigate what was causing this anomaly, but there was no chance of that. 
	Too quickly we reached the bottom of the mountain. The farther we went down the hill, the more the trees thinned and the desolation of the desert began to take hold again. In many ways the desert was still beautiful. I knew I had liked it here, and many things seemed to have changed very little—the desert was still the desert out here. Perhaps the devastation was not as great as I had feared. In the back of my mind I saw the snippets of the desolation we traveled through with Emma and Gertrude. Even the smell of the mountain was a subtle cue that things weren’t as they should be. As much as I didn’t feel like baking in the awful heat, seeing the desert as it always had been was comforting. 
	“We’re going past some homesteads in the next few miles. I’m going to go as far around them as possible, but I can’t guarantee we’ll clear them without trouble. This cycle alone might be desirable enough for them to stop and harass us,” Maria shouted over the howling wind. 
	“Are we going to stop and play nice, or are we going to play roadrunner and coyote?” Andy called back. 
	We whipped around one of the last major turns of the mountain and Maria replied, “If we don’t make it through, we’re better off trying to negotiate a reasonable escape. We ride off guns blazing into the sunset, we’re liable to stir up a whole mess of trouble. We’re going to have a hard enough time making it through Phoenix in one piece without a trail of rabid homesteaders on our asses.” 
	Homesteaders sounded so peaceful. I thought of Little House on the Prairie, and quaint women in plaid bonnets cooking food in cast iron pots over open fire. Somehow I was getting the picture that it wasn’t going to be quite like that. 
	As the day continued, we wound down around vast plains of open, flat country. The heat cranked itself back up to Hades levels once we were free of the cooling effects of the mountain ecosystem, and I was sweating underneath my duster. The wide-brimmed hat shielded my face from the inexorable sun, but being crushed between Maria and Andy added a whole different dimension of heat. The fact that I was hot was somewhat encouraging—it meant I was doing a better job at thermoregulation and maintaining homeostasis. 
	I felt naked out in the flatlands, like we were sitting ducks for anyone to pick off and steal our ride. Maria mentioned that this was not the most dangerous part of our passage—that part would come when we hit mountains again, and there were spaces for people to hide. We rode on, but I couldn’t contain my paranoia. 

CHAPTER 12: WELCOME TO PARADISE

	We were skirting the mountains now. The constant tension in my muscles was just this side of unbearable, but I was comforted by Andy’s arms wrapped tightly around my waist. He smelled good. 
	“Coming round the edge of the Catalinas now—no better way around them anymore. Be on guard,” Maria called. 
	My eyes darted back and forth across the scrubby hills, but I saw nothing. My muscles refused to relax, but I mentally started to calm down. I was considering closing my eyes so I could just focus on the smell of Andy, and the wind flowing over my face, when Maria slammed on the brakes. She jacked the bike sideways to slow us down faster. Andy clutched my body against his and his torso and legs clenched around me. The bike’s tires screeched on the pavement and there was an acrid smell of hot tires smoking on the ground. 
	“Fuck,” Maria said. “Almost missed it.” 
	“What is it?” Andy whipped his head around, searching for whatever had stopped Maria in her tracks. 
	She raised her hand and pointed at the side of the cliffs we were passing through. I didn’t see it at first, but after staring at the cliffs around me for a moment I finally caught it. Carved into the cliff sides were twin crosses. 
	“We’re at a chokepoint,” she said. 
	“Oh shit. Witnesses of Mercy,” he said. 
	“I didn’t know they’d moved into this area—there’s snipers in those hills. If we’d gone past that mark someone would have gunned us down,” she said. 
	“Damn it. With those yahoos moving in, they’re going to clog our passage through Tucson up to base camp. This is going to cause trouble for our whole operation—not good. The homesteaders were doing a decent job of keeping these religious nutbags out of this area, what the hell happened?” Andy said, wrapping his duster closer around his concealed weapons. 
	Maria shook her head. “It’s amazing what enough money will do. Those homesteaders have no idea how much they just fucked up by letting these nutbags into this territory. They’ll be wiped out within six months. Idiots.” 
	Great. Religious wackos. Just what we needed. It would just figure that one of the few things to survive in this wrecked world would be religious freaks. Religion and cockroaches: they never die. 
	“What do we do now?” Andy said. His hands were no longer wrapped around me, but hovering near his duster, close to his guns. Maria’s eyes were constantly darting over the hillsides. 
	“Just wait. They’ll come out. If we try to pass through those hills on this bike they’ll shoot us dead. When they come out, take my lead, wait for my signal before you make any moves. That goes for you too Orchid,” she said. 
	Like I had much of a choice anyway, although I did have more mobility in my limbs now thanks to that hateful injection. 
	I got the feeling we were being watched as we sat there for a good five minutes without anything happening. Even I couldn’t hear anything beyond the wind whistling through the canyon and occasional gravel blowing against the hills. Perhaps Maria was wrong, and this post had been abandoned. It seemed foolish to sit there waiting for disaster to come to us. 
	I ate my thoughts a few moments later when a woman dressed in a clean, plain grey dress and a white head covering emerged from behind one of the cliffs. I’ll be damned if she didn’t actually look like the Little House on the Prairie characters that I had been envisioning earlier. She seemed benign enough, but the fact that she appeared so harmless out in this harsh environment made me even more suspicious. 
	“Hello there travelers,” she said and smiled. Her eyes were a dull brown and she wore black leather clogs that looked highly unsuitable for this terrain. “What brings you to our community?”
	Maria tipped her hat back, revealing her scarred face. “We were just passing through—didn’t know this was a Witnesses of Mercy territory now” Maria said just as sweetly as our “host.” 
	“Why, yes, we have set up a new settlement here to spread God’s word across this great state. Would you care to join us for afternoon worship and tea?” she asked without a hint of malice, but I wasn’t buying it. Neither was Maria. 
	“Thank you for the offer, but I’m afraid we have to be going. We’re headed back to our homestead south of here, and we’ll be missed if we dally too long along the way,” she said, her smile never breaking. 
	Andy and I stood still as statues behind Maria, never dismounting the bike, leaving our hats low over our faces. 
	“Oh my, you’re injured I see,” the woman said. “Are you sure you wouldn’t like to stop in and see our medic?” 
	“No thank you Ma’am. Learned my lesson about traveling at night in the desert—had me a nasty run-in with a killer cholla cactus. My wounds have already been tended to. Our doctor back at our homestead will look after me once we return from our journey,” Maria replied evenly. 
	The woman tilted her head to the side and folded her hands across her chest. “And where exactly have you journeyed from?” she asked. 
	“Another homestead just north of Mount Lemmon. We came to demo this solar powered bike that the government loaned to our settlement—figure if more people petition the government for them, we’d have a better chance at winning a clean transportation grant for this area,” Maria said coolly enough that even I almost believed it. 
	“And so you all traveled all the way out there on one little ol’ bike?” The woman said, letting her sarcasm peek through. 
	“Yes. We were only given one to demo, and traveling alone in these parts is dangerous. We wanted to demonstrate how powerful even just a small bike such as this can be.” 
	The woman cocked her head to the side, her starched bonnet not moving an inch. “Well, that sounds lovely, but I’m afraid that I’ll have to insist that you stay for a bit. We’re close to the environmental protection zones, and we don’t allow such old world motorized contraptions in our areas.” 
	Maria adjusted herself on the bike. In some ways, the escalation of the conversation was improving the underhanded tension—we were closer to an open conflict. 
	“I assure you this is a solar vehicle, and there is no gas in its emergency tank,” Maria said. 
	For our sakes, I hoped that she was lying. If we were out of gas, I assumed we’d have a reduction in power and speed, both of which it looked like we were going to need imminently. 
	The woman shook her head and clucked her tongue. “Now you see, I can’t allow any potentially petroleum bearing vehicle through here. If you leave the bike, I’ll let you go on your merry way.” 
	Somehow I didn’t think she was telling the truth. Stealing our nifty bike and shooting us for our trouble seemed more like it. 
	“Ma’am, this is our only transportation, so surely you can see how we can’t comply with this request,” Maria said, and I wondered why she was keeping up the façade. 
	The woman smirked and held up her fist in a decidedly militaristic gesture. I heard movement where there had been absolute stillness before—these guys were good. Nine men emerged from the hillsides dressed in the male equivalent of our female friend’s clothing—drab linen shirts and brown canvas pants. They might have taken a page or two out of the Quaker or Amish handbooks. 
	One thing they hadn’t taken from the Amish were their nasty semi-automatic weapons. Our guns were bigger, but we were clearly outnumbered. 
	“I’m sure you’ll understand the need for this display of force,” she said. “Out here on the range, one can’t be too careful.” 
	Why do you need so much protection if God is supposedly watching over you? Like any religious cult, they were too far up their own brainwashed asses to actually see the light of day. 
	“Surely this is a bit extreme,” Maria said, maintaining her composure, but her body tensed on the bike, and her hands wound around the gearshifts, fidgeting. I marveled at how human-like she was, even in her unconscious movements. What an impressive algorithm. I guess now even cyborgs could get nervous. 
	“These are extreme times, my dear,” she said, and the men who had rallied around her cocked their guns. 
	Maria whispered to us so quietly that I wasn’t sure if Andy could hear her. “We’ll dismount the bike, let them inspect it, and get them off guard. Once they’re distracted we’ll take as many of them out as possible and ride through the pass,” she said, and Andy nodded his head, so I suppose he heard. 
	This was the part where I had to perform. Sitting on the bike in this state had had been uncomfortable enough as it was, but now I had to try not to call undue attention to myself and my disability. 
	Maria dismounted first, and she did a decent job of covering the limp from her damaged leg. Andy followed and covertly assisted me by boosting my hips up and over the seat. It hurt like hell, but I did my best to stifle any grunts or screams as my reluctant body strained to move my rigid limbs. I was grateful to Andy for continuing to help guide me with his arm braced down the center of my back. Maria backed away quickly, and I did my best to do the same. I kept up for the first thirty seconds, and then even with the help of Andy stabilizing my back, I faltered and nearly fell. The sheer rigidity of my body helped me keep my footing. 
	“Get as far away from the bike as possible,” Maria said. “I’m not one hundred percent certain, but I think that is THE Mother of Mercy. She’s the last person we want to fuck with. Whatever you do, try not to kill her. Murdering the leader of an international terrorist cult is a good way to make your life miserable.” 
	Andy gave her a small and nearly imperceptible nod. His body was almost as taught as mine, his eyes fixed on the men descending upon our stolen bike. Just our luck that we would come face to face with the leader of a super cult. 
	“What’s wrong with your friend there?” The Mother of Mercy said. I could see her raise an eyebrow even from this distance. 
	“We’ve been traveling all day without dismounting our cycle there, and she’s been stuck in the middle this whole time. She’s just stiff,” Maria called over a sudden wind that whipped through the canyon. 
	“I see,” she replied, clearly not convinced. 
	Maria whispered to us, “Back up some more and stall. If there’s any more back in those hills, we want them to come out.” 
	The men were fondling our bike with curiosity and a certain naughty zeal. Maria was right—a few more men continued to trickle out of the woodwork, lured by temptation. They almost seemed hungry for the technology, like ugly vultures that wanted to either fuck it or eat it. Creepy. I wouldn’t feel sorry for them when they were gone. People in general had never been my favorite thing, and hypocritical violent religious zealots were certainly not at the top of my list. 
	The Mother of Mercy watched her men with what seemed like a hint of amusement. 
	“There’s gas in this tank!” one of the men shouted. 
	Oh, good, we did still have gas. Good to know. 
	A smile spread across The Mother of Mercy’s face. “So I see you have been dishonest. You’ve lied in the face of God, and you must be punished. Servants of Mercy, take them into custody!” she shouted. 
	And those hungry looks refocused on us. They were looking forward to this. What an unpleasant surprise they were in for. 
	“Whatever you do, don’t hit the bike, and don’t let Orchid get hit,” Maria said, and flung open her coat. Within seconds Andy followed suit, and the canyon was filled with the echoes of machineguns firing volleys. 
	Even over the roar, I heard The Mother of Mercy screaming in rage. “How dare you bring violence upon the House of God!” her scream was unearthly, choked and shrill. Andy had moved back to block my body with his own, and I couldn’t help but shrink behind him, covering my ears to no avail, the noise ringing through my bones, up through my feet, and into my skull. 
	“Behind the rocks!” Maria yelled. “I’ve got Orchid, keep firing!”
	Too fast to see, Maria threw me over her shoulder again with that inhuman speed, like I was nothing but a sack of potatoes. I wasn’t prepared for what happened next. She gripped me with one hand, her other hand still gripping and firing the machine gun, and we rolled. It was a beautifully executed roll, once again unhampered by Maria’s damaged mechanics, but my stiff body sang in protest as it stretched around Maria’s shoulder and slammed into the hard rock-strewn ground beneath us. 
	I let out a scream, and perhaps due to the extra tension in my vocal folds, it came out closer to something approximating a real scream, instead of the muffled grunts I’d been letting out before. Stars filled my head from the pain and for a moment I though I would pass out from the agony coursing through my fragile body. Maria rolled to standing with me still miraculously perched on her shoulder, but then she dropped me abruptly as another assault of bullets sailed towards us. I slammed into the ground again. It took the wind out of me, and I couldn’t even scream. My head swam with the impact, and the noise and dizziness blended into one horrible swirl of confusion. 
	“Orchid!” Andy yelled. 
	“She’ll be okay. Don’t take your eye off the targets,” Maria called. 
	My head cleared enough to see Andy casting furtive glances at my prostrate figure. The shouting continued and it was clear that we were winning. Shouts and groans of agony came through the gunfire. How did a doctor know how to handle a machine gun anyway?
	Suddenly the firing stopped, and there was silence. 
	“Fuck, we clipped The Mother,” Maria said. “We don’t have much time before reinforcements will arrive. We have to get out of here. Be on your guard—The Mother might be armed.” 
	“Aye,” Andy said and took the opportunity to check on me. He leaned down and quickly inspected my head, stared at my pupils, searching for head trauma. 
	“Are you okay Orchid?” he asked. 
	I actually tried to respond, but still only got as far as an incoherent groan. 
	“Andy, can you carry Orchid? I’m a faster shot than you if any more of them come out of those hills,” Maria said without turning her head. 
	He nodded and picked me up gently, much more tenderly than Maria had, and placed me over his shoulder. It still hurt like hell, but it was good to be close to him again. We sprinted back to the thankfully intact bike. Maria climbed on first, and Andy carefully placed me back on the saddle behind her. 
	A path of twitching, groaning bodies lay around us. It was creepy how alike they all looked up close—same clothes, same haircut, same hair color. Did they dye their hair, or were you only accepted as a chosen one if you had the correct features? How Hitler of them. 
	The Mother was still standing, hunched over, clutching her stomach. Red was slowly seeping through her drab grey dress, like fireworks spreading out over a cloudy night sky. 
	“Damn it, we got her in the gut,” Maria cursed through her teeth. 
	“I could help her,” Andy said. “Stop the bleeding, give her better survival odds. 
	Maria hesitated for a moment. “No, we don’t have time. We’ll just have to hope that God really is on her side today.” 
	She started the bike, and it purred happily to life. At the sound of the engine the mother leaned her head up, still holding her gut. 
	“Keep pressure on that!” Andy yelled, as though the physician in him couldn’t resist doing something to help her. Ironic, as there was a fifty-fifty chance that the bullet lodged in her intestines came from his gun. 
	“You. You’re all going to pay for this. God will judge you!” she yelled and pointed a finger at them. Her teeth were stained red, and she spat little flecks of pink foam onto the ground around her. 
	No one responded to her screams, but Andy still looked like he wanted to jump off the bike and tend to her wounds. Maria slung the machine gun back across her chest. “Andy, stay on point, I’m going to need to keep my hands on the bike in case we need to do any evasive maneuvers.” 
	He nodded, wrapping one arm around me and holding the machine gun in the other hand. I was suddenly glad for the extra rigidity in my body—less risk of tumbling off into a nest of Witnesses. 
	The Mother kept pacing, yelling obscenities and threats, the red splotches on her dress growing and deepening in saturation. 
	“Lay down and keep pressure on that!” Andy yelled again as we took off through the canyon, leaving a trail of dust. Either he really took that oath seriously, or he really didn’t want to deal with the consequences of a dead cult leader. 
	We rode furiously, trying to clear the treacherous valley. Once the sides of the hills receded again to that rocky, but flat terrain again, Maria called out, “Hang on Orchid—we’re about to hit some real windy terrain. If they catch up to us, we’ll have fair warning.” 
	Andy deftly swung his machine gun behind his back and clutched me with both arms again. A sense of security set in and I saw something I hadn’t seen for a long time—a freeway. A big smooth freeway shimmered in front of me, not more than a mile away, and I knew that meant we were nearly home free. I almost couldn’t believe that the freeway looked just as I remembered it, and I actually thought I could tell where we were. With a straight, paved driving surface we could be at Mount Picacho within the hour. 
	Andy let out a whoop of joy as our wheels hit the pavement. 
	“Don't get too excited yet. We’ve got some distance left to travel, and I hate to tell you this, but we’re almost out of gas. Things are going to get a hell of a lot slower when we switch to solar,” Maria said. 
	I was just going to be thankful for the fact that we had solar power available to use—the idea of trekking through the desert on foot again, especially in this state, was not appealing. 
	Moments later the engine started sputtering and coughing, just as Maria predicted. I heard her trying to downshift gears and I guessed she was trying to throw it into solar mode, but she seemed to be having trouble. Her hands twisted the gear shifts and poked at buttons on the dashboard, but the cycle continued to sound like it was on the verge of dying. 
	“Fuck!” she swore and abruptly jammed on the breaks. We expertly skidded to a stop, and she hopped off the bike. 
	“Goddamn cheap fucking government knockoffs. They stole this design from our compound, but of course they fucked it up,” she said as she began poking around the side of the bike. 
	“Need help down there?” Andy said. 
	“No,” she said from the underside of the bike. “Keep your eyes on the road behind us—we need to be ready to move when I get this hunk of junk running again.” 
	I wished that my body were more functional. I could do just about anything with electronics, and I knew that given full range of motion, or even the ability to speak, I could have directed one of them on how to get us going again. 
Several more minutes of Maria swearing, prying, and banging on the bike followed, to no avail. I had to do something. I tried to vocalize, but it just came out as my usual garbled gibberish. 
	“What is it Orchid?” Andy asked. His arms will still around me, and as much as I liked them there, I started trying to wriggle free of his grasp. 
	“What’s going on up there,” Maria called. 
	My body groaned in protest, but I clumsily dismounted the bike, nearly falling in the process. Andy threw out a hand to help steady me, and quickly got off the bike to continue assisting me. I pointed at the bike, and then pointed at the ground. 
	“I think Orchid wants to help get the bike running again,” he said. 
	Maria stopped what she was doing and looked at me. I stared back at her with wide eyes and nodded my head. “Help her sit down,” she said. 
	I was grateful for his assistance—even with his guidance getting to the ground was painful. Again the additional muscle tone was helpful though, as it allowed me to jamb my hand in through a space in the side of the bike. I felt around as much as I could, and did what I did best—I talked to the machine. My eyes lit up; I had it. With my other hand, I made a gross motion at Maria, and somehow she seemed to understand what I wanted. 
	She snaked her hand into the space with mine, and felt where my hand was resting. She smiled, feeling what I had found. And she had the dexterity to do what I couldn’t—she reconnected the two halves of the disconnected wires. 
	“Guys—we’re about to be in a load of trouble again if we don’t get moving. We’ve got company,” Andy said. 
	“We’ve got it,” Maria said, removing her hand and mine from the crevice. “Back on the bike!” 
	Without hesitating Andy grabbed me under the armpit and slung be back into the saddle. Maria quickly followed, and I smiled to myself as the bike quietly purred to life—the sound of the solar-powered electrical motor softly kicking over. It was good not to feel completely useless and helpless for once. 
	Despite the victory we were moving at a markedly slower pace than before. In my head I imagined schematics of where the engineers had gone wrong with this design—given a wrench, some fine motor skills, and a few minutes, and I could have gotten the solar side of things to out-perform the gasoline power. 
	But we had none of those requirements, and a labored look over my shoulder revealed that Andy was right—we had company. A lot of company. It was difficult to gauge from this distance, but it looked like a large gang of motorcycles, possibly more than thirty, were on our tail. 
	“Shit. We’ve got a whole mess of Witnesses on our trail. I’m going as fast as this thing will go, but we might not make it. If we start taking fire we’ll stay on the bike as long as possible. Take out as many of them as you can, and I’ll try to keep us moving enough to avoid getting hit. If we can make it just a few more miles to Takeshi, he’ll have our backs. He’ll either help us out with firepower if we’re not too outnumbered, or he’ll have transportation to help get us out of there,” she said. 
	I knew we had to be getting close, but close wasn’t getting there fast enough. A few more pained glances behind us revealed that the gang was quickly gaining on us. Somehow I wasn’t surprised that they were outfitted with the big gasoline guzzling hogs that they were supposedly so thoroughly against using. 
	Sharp snaps rang out around us, and it took me a few moments to realize that they were close enough to be firing at us. Maria began zigzagging our course across the road, trying to make us a harder target to hit. Bullets thunked into the asphalt and dirt around us, kicking up plumes of dust and the occasional chunk of exploding cactus. 
	“Fire back at them Andy!” Maria yelled. 
	“Orchid, hold onto Maria as hard as you can!” Andy said as he released one of his arms and re-shouldered the machinegun. I clung as tightly to Maria as I could with my gnarled and withered arms, the bandages snagging and tearing under my duster. I hoped that the frail things would be enough to keep me on this bike as we swerved around the road, firing bullets behind us. 
	I heard another shower of bullets whizz past us, followed by a soft, wet squish. Andy grunted and swore under his breath, but kept firing back. Just from the sound, I knew that he’d been hit, but I was too focused on not falling off the bike to try and investigate how badly. Another volley of bullets launched in our direction, and this time the bullets ricocheted off metal, and I wasn’t sure if they were hitting the bike or Maria’s skeleton. 
“I’m going to have to take us off road! Andy, are you okay?” Maria said. 
“I’m hit, but I’ll survive—it’s not a fatal wound,” he said confidently, but I was instantly worried. Even in the heat of the escape, it struck me how odd it was that I was so concerned. And not just worried, but wishing that I’d taken the bullet and not him. Since when was I so concerned about other people, and willing to sacrifice myself for their sakes?
We veered off the highway and back onto the rough desert sands, weaving around cacti and bouncing over large rocks. Even over that noise, I could hear that something was wrong, feel that something was wrong; the bike had been hit too, critically. We didn’t have much time. I looked ahead of us and Picacho’s shadow loomed just feet from our position. We were almost there. If we didn’t make it to Takeshi’s outpost, we’d be forced to ditch the bike and stand and fight on our own—with Maria’s leg and my inability to even walk effectively, we’d have no chance but to try and take out as many of them as we could, but the odds were not favorable, even with our impressive arsenal. 
Maria finally noticed it too, that the bike was failing, might die at any moment and leave us stranded. “Come on, just a little further, just a little more and Takeshi will see us. Where the hell is that cowboy when you need him?”
“Come on, come on, just a little bit further,” Andy echoed, coaxing the failing engine, and I could hear pain in his voice. I felt something wet and sticky seeping under my duster and through my pants. He was bleeding, and in no small quantity either. 
I was so focused on reaching the shadow of the mountain, and the feeling of Andy’s blood running down my leg that I heard nothing as another bullet sank itself deep into my right shoulder. I grunted and was thrown forward against Maria with the impact. We swerved off course and nearly ran head first into a giant saguaro, but she got control of the bike again before we all ended up with a face full of spikes. 
The pain was so instantly shocking, the bullet ripping through my already tortured muscles, and I thought I felt it hit bone. It was suddenly much harder to breathe than it should have been, and I found myself gasping for air. 
“Orchid’s been hit!” Andy yelled. “The a bullet might have nicked a lung—she’s having trouble breathing.” 
	He applied pressure to the wound with one hand, and held onto me with the other, meaning that no one was returning fire with our pursuers. My breathing was rapid, shallow, and I was getting so dizzy that the cacti and sand around us was blending into a strangely pleasant kaleidoscope of swirled shapes. 
	“We’re almost there! Don’t let her die, or everything we’ve been working for will be lost,” Maria called. 
	Good to know I was still important enough not to let croak, since asphyxiating to death really didn’t seem like the best way to go. I’d never had a collapsed lung before, but if I had to guess, this is what it would feel like. I believed in Andy, somehow believed that he would rescue me from this, even though I had no way to know if I had been injured past the point of survival. 
	“Orchid, just hang on, as soon as we get to our reinforcements, I promise you that I’ll make this stop, everything will be okay,” he said a little too frantically, and I knew he was worried. Even in my own panic I could tell he was in pain, and I wondered how badly he’d been injured. He was breathing hard and ragged in my ear. 
	“Andy, what’s going on back there?” Maria said. 
	“I got hit in the leg, but I’ll be okay,” he said. 
	Even though we were bouncing over and across treacherous a landscape that threatened to buck us off the bike at any moment, Maria turned her head around to stare Andy in the face. “Don’t you fucking die on me,” she said. 
	“No one’s dying today,” he nearly growled back. 
	As I sat there and struggled with every breath, I wasn’t so sure about that. I lay my head against Maria’s back and focused on sucking as much air into my lungs as I could, but it felt like the air itself was too heavy, and I was trying to breathe it through a straw with the diameter of a pinhole. 
	Maria’s eyes were back on the road again as we navigated a particularly tricky bit of ground—we were approaching the base of the mountain, and the ground was becoming more rock than sand. I wanted to vomit with every bump, and it was highly possible that I was imagining it, but I thought I could feel the bullet digging deeper into my chest, ripping through muscle and fascia, grinding against bone. 
	“What’s the status back there,” Maria called, keeping her eyes on the road. 
	“They’re gaining on us. We’re running out of time, but I can’t fire at them. Orchid needs a chest tube, and if I take my hand off the wound I’m afraid she’s going to bleed out. I need to put a tourniquet on my leg soon or I’m not going to be in good shape either,” Andy said professionally, as though he’d gone into doctor mode finally and all of the panic had left him.  He had to be in horrible pain, and I was filled with amazement at his strength. 
	“I’m going to have you be my eyes. You watch the road while I fire behind us. If we can derail even a few of them it’ll buy us some more time,” Maria said. 
	“Ready when you are,” Andy replied. 
	He delicately used his own head to move mine down and away from the machine gun aimed directly over my head. Maria fired behind us, and the noise should have been deafening, but everything was starting to fade away, like I was watching it all from a distance. It was a relief not to have my nerves shattered once again by the cacophonous roar, but it wasn’t a good sign. The pain in my body was melting away back into the numbness that had become so familiar to me during two decades of imprisonment. Trying to keep breathing just seemed like so much work, and I knew that I must have lost a lot of blood. Distantly I thought that even if we lost them it wouldn’t be of much use—anyone could just follow the trail of blood that Andy and I must have been leaking behind us, like a morbid trail of smoke. 
	Andy periodically yelled out to Maria to veer right or left around various obstacles in the road, and we miraculously managed not to go flying off the bike or smack into any of the giant saguaro that were dotting the ground with increasing frequency. I vaguely heard some commotion behind us, and it sounded like I was buried deep below the earth, hearing things going on above the surface. 
	“Got ‘em!” Maria shouted triumphantly. “I nailed a couple of those fuckers. It’ll take ‘em a few minutes to move past the downed bikes. Keep an eye out behind us while I get us up this hill.” 
	That’s nice, I thought. If I managed to not bleed or suffocate to death we might actually have a shot at getting out of this situation. The ride suddenly became much rougher, but it was almost soothing in some odd way. I felt cold, and the motion was rocking me to sleep. Breathing seemed like so much work, and I started not caring so much about how hard it was to get air into my lungs. 
	“Hey, HEY!” Andy yelled, shaking me hard. His hand was in my wound, and his fingers dug in hard enough for me to wake up and feel it. “Do not fall asleep! You have to stay awake until we get to a safe place and I can get a chest tube in you. Don’t you dare give up on me Orchid. Stay with me, and I’ll get you through this.” 
	I didn’t want to stay awake, but for him, I would try. I had no idea why I would care so much about the wishes of someone that was basically a stranger to me. As far as I knew, I was just a tool for Maria him and whatever agenda they were serving. But somehow the pleading in his voice sounded so sincere, and it was enough for me to hold onto consciousness and keep breathing. 
	“That’s it, yes, stay with me,” he whispered and kissed the back of my neck. It should have been uncomfortable—to my knowledge I had always shied away from any sort of human attention, let alone intimate contact, but for some reason it inspired me to keep on fighting to stay alive. 
	It took a great deal of energy, but I raised my eyes again to the road in front of us, and was surprised to see a giant cloud of dust rumbling down the mountain. “It’s Takeshi!” Maria yelled, and Andy let out a whoop of joy. 
	“Oh thank god,” he said, finally allowing some of the tiredness to show through in his voice, and I remembered that he was also bleeding. You hang on too, I thought weakly. Don’t leave me alone in this ugly world. 
	Maria raised a hand and waved at the cloud of dust. I didn’t know how she knew the cloud was Takeshi and not some other enemy, but I was willing to believe it. I had to believe it, because otherwise we were as good as dead. 
	I didn’t have long to celebrate. I felt it, knew it before it happened, but was far too slow to try and alert Maria or Andy. Something inside the bike chugged, coughed, and a small explosion rocked the bike as the sound of metal grinding on metal screeched beneath us. The bike came to complete and sudden halt, but momentum kept carrying us forward. Maria went first, flying over the handlebars. Andy and I followed, tumbling in one connected mass. Part way through the roll we separated, and I flew to the right of Maria and Andy. Even through the shock and pain, I knew bad things had happened. I was surrounded by a massive cholla cactus bush, and was thankful that I couldn’t feel half of the needles stabbing into my broken and bleeding body. 
	Maria was the first to regain her footing, shooting up nearly immediately. I could see her hobbling on her already damaged leg towards Andy, who was groaning on his back, a pool of blood spreading out around his bullet wound. It occurred to me that we were lucky none of us had accidentally shot each other, considering how many armaments Maria and Andy were holding. 
	“Fuuuuuuuuuuuuck,” Andy groaned as he attempted to sit up. Maria rushed to his side as quickly as her injured leg would allow. She tore a chunk of a pant leg off, revealing the churning mechanics in her stripped calf. Quickly, she slipped the loop of cloth over Andy’s thigh and forcefully tied it in a knot, effectively making a tourniquet for the limb. He let out a stifled scream through clenched teeth. 
	“You okay?” she said. 
	“Yeah, I’ll be fine as long as I don’t lose anymore blood. I gotta go help Orchid,” he said through labored breaths. 
	Help? That might be nice. It was so hard to breathe again though, and I knew that I was so damaged. I imagined the bullet in me wandering through my chest cavity as though it were alive, grinning wickedly as it nicked blood vessels and tore flesh. It would be so much easier just to give in, let that little piece of lead have its day. 
	Maria tried to assist Andy with crawling over to me. Even with her assistance he couldn’t quite stand. He tripped to the ground and Maria half dragged him, clearly having her own mobility problems, as they struggled to get the rest of the way to where my body lay prostrate in the large pile of cactus. 
	“Jesus,” Andy said. 
	“I’ll get her out,” she said, and despite her leg injury, she used her superior upper body strength to lift me the rest of the way out of the cactus patch. I was oh so grateful for the numbness again, as I could feel the tugging and pulling of hundreds of cactus spines that had plunged deep into my flesh. 
	As she lifted me, I let out one strangled gasp, and found panic gripping me once again. The small quantity of air that I had been able to suck into my lungs disappeared. I opened and closed my mouth like a fish tossed onto dry land, begging for any small bit of air, but to no avail. 
	“Put her down! Put her down! She can’t breathe!” Andy yelled. 
	Maria complied instantly and I hit the ground roughly again as she tossed me in front of Andy. “Goddamn it, her lung’s collapsed finally,” he said. “I need something long and sharp. Find something, anything!” 
	I lay there silently, not even able to open my mouth anymore. Things started to go black, and I fought against the darkness closing in around me. Something brutally stabbed me between my ribs, and it felt like I had been hit in the chest by a truck. 
	“Breathe damn you!” Andy screamed and whacked the center of my chest with his palm. 
	Like a warm ocean tide rushing in, I opened my mouth and air filled my lungs. I felt my eyes bulge as I coughed and sputtered loudly, more thankful for the cool oxygen flowing down my throat than I ever had been before. 
	“Yes, yes!” Andy cried. 
	“Is she stable?” Maria asked coolly, her calm façade creepy even for a cyborg. Even though I knew she was a machine, her expert mimicry of feelings juxtaposed by the inanimate coldness as unnerving. I distantly wondered if that’s how I had appeared to normal people—mechanical, dead inside. Objectively I knew that it was better to be that way. Unemotional, rational, not letting feelings get in the way of logical decisions. We were lucky to have her with us. 
	“For now—I think she’ll hold until we can get to a safe place and I can treat her more thoroughly. This stick in her chest is anything but stable, and she really needs an actual chest tube, or her lung’s going to collapse again. Where’s the bike? Retrieve the bag of medical supplies from the panniers. If she starts to code I won’t be able to do much for her without that bag,” he said. 
	“Looks like you’re going to need some treatment too. Are you sure you’re okay? If you die, I don’t have the skills to save Orchid on my own,” Maria said, her voice still blank and unemotional. 
	It didn’t seem to bother Andy. “I need to remove the bullet, and there’s the risk of infection, but the immediate danger of blood loss isn’t as great. I’m lightheaded, but I think I’ll be okay as long as I can get some fluids in the near future,” he said. 
	Maria nodded. “We’re in luck—the cavalry’s here,” she said. 
	I craned my head to the side, and the thing that was causing that nebulous dust cloud that had been approaching us was finally visible. It was a wagon traveling full throttle down the mountain, pulled by an entire team of black horses. For a moment I thought I was hallucinating, but then I remembered the conversation about horses and wagons. I thought of Clint Eastwood and John Wayne again, and it was all so absurd that I wanted to laugh. I never thought I’d be reenacting some scene from High Noon, dying from a gunshot and awaiting rescue by cowboys and stagecoaches. 
	Andy was actually laughing. I was guessing it was from pure relief, and not the ridiculousness of the situation. Or maybe he was delirious from the blood loss. “That son of a bitch Takeshi came through. He really does have a wagon!” he said and continued laughing, his giggles verging on hysterical. 
Maria was silent, but waved her hands back and forth to signal our rescuers to reorient their path. The sound of hoof beats intensified, and the vibrations shook the soil beneath me. 
	“Whooooa there girls!” someone shouted. I couldn’t clearly see who was speaking from where I was on the ground—all I could see was the base of the wagon and the dusty hooves of a dozen horses. 
	“Takeshi, you sure took your time in getting down here,” Maria said. 
	“Hey, I had no idea you were bringing a whole army with you. You guys actually made good time. I wasn’t planning on you being here until tomorrow afternoon, based on when I got word that the target had disappeared from The Farm,” the voice said, jovial and happy despite the gravity of the situation. 
	“Her name is Orchid, and you know that,” Andy growled. 
	“Whoa there partner, didn’t mean any offense, I was just trying to be professional. Far be it from me to be rude to a lady. Orchid, then,” he said. 
	“Good,” Andy replied, as though he wanted to say more but didn’t have the energy. 
	“I saw a commotion from up top the mountain there and figured it might be you guys—glad I came down to investigate. I’m fully mobilized to get us out of here. From the looks of things, seems like I made a good call,” he said. 
	“You got that right. We’ve got Witnesses on our tail,” Maria said. 
	“Ya’ll are in kind of bad shape,” he said, and I wished that I could slap him for stating the obvious. 
	“No shit motherfucker,” Andy said. Was he usually this angry, was he in pain, or was he worried about me? Maybe these two had a history I didn’t know about. It seemed like an unimportant thing to be concerned about in this situation, but it was better than worrying about the holes punched in my body, and what seemed to be a forest of cacti embedded in my skin. 
	“Andy’s a doctor. He’ll make sure the target survives if we can get to safety,” Maria said. 
	“Her name is ORCHID,” Andy said. 
	I saw Maria put her hand on his shoulder. “Yes, I’m sorry. I shut my limbic unit down for the moment, until we get out of this situation,” she said. 
	Andy sighed. “It’s okay. I’m just running on empty, it’s fine,” he said quietly, then turned to the side and vomited violently. 
	“He doesn’t look so good,” Takeshi said. 
	“I’ll be fine, it’s just shock and blood loss,” he said as though that really were just some small thing. “Can one of you please retrieve my medical kit from the bike?” 
	Maria nodded, and limped off in the direction of the bike. 

CHAPTER 13: CRASH AND BURN

	Takeshi and Maria loaded Andy and me into the wagon, and in lieu of just retrieving the medical kit, they just brought the entire bike. I was glad for that because I was sure that I could repair the thing—If I didn’t asphyxiate first, of course. Andy was lying next to me, his face just inches from mine, watching me breathe. 
	“I’m really dizzy from the blood loss,” he said. “I just need a minute to rest, and if I can hold some water down, I’ll try to get you more comfortable.”
 It occurred to me that we also needed to make sure that those guys didn’t catch up with us. As fun as it had been getting shot, I preferably didn’t want it to happen again. 
	Takeshi had assured us that he was driving mechanohorses, which wouldn’t cause us any trouble in terms of speed, even hauling all of the extra weight. 
	“If they do happen to follow us over the ridge, I’ve got a little surprise waiting for them,” he had said as he helped haul me into the wagon. 
	I stared at Andy’s blue eyes while he told me to hold on. He gently stroked my hair, and I was still grateful for the shock. I wasn’t looking forward the pain returning—the dull pain in my ribs where he had jammed some kind of stick into my abdomen reminded me of what kind of hell I had to look forward to. 
The inside of the wagon was shaded and cool, and I could see various boxes and supplies strewn around the base of the large dusty interior. I laughed internally, but it was in fact a deluxe wagon if I had ever seen one. 
	I could see out the back of the wagon where Takeshi had left the canvas flap open at Andy’s request, who had said that he would pick off any Witnesses that happened to make it up to us. I agreed with Takeshi in that Andy didn’t really seem to be in any kind of shape to do so, but any help we could get at this point was worth a try. 
	Takeshi and Maria had taken the reigns up front—apparently it was a bit difficult to steer a fully loaded wagon being hauled by an entire team of super-powered cyborg horses. Who knew? 
Takeshi yelled a loud, “Ha!” and we were off with a hard jerk, flying over the mountainside at a surprising speed. I was so thankful for the wagon, and the fact that I didn’t have to be sitting up on a bike or a horse anymore. In my condition, it just wouldn’t have been possible. 
	“Looks like our friends have rejoined us,” Maria said from her post up front. 
	Takeshi laughed, and it was loud enough that it echoed through the back of the wagon. “Oh boy, this is going to be interesting—I’ve never actually had to use one of these before. Everyone hold onto their butts!” 
	Seconds later the earth shook and the entire wagon was lifted off the ground. Andy and I went airborne and crashed into some of the boxes at the back of the wagon as we went skittering across the wooden base. I thought I could feel that bullet crunching around inside me again, and I gasped, finding it impossible to breathe once more. Before I blacked out, I saw flames and smoke roiling out behind us in our wake. I passed out with the sounds of Takeshi whooping and hollering in triumph, Andy screaming in my ear, and the smell of burning gasoline in my nostrils. 
CHAPTER 14: WELCOME TO THE JUNGLE

When I awoke, nothing hurt, and I had that curious thought about whether I was dead, which is always rather stupid. I’m pretty sure, even if you’re dead, that you don’t end up stuck in your same defective earthbound body. At least I damned well hope that you didn’t. That seemed like an extra special sort of hell. 
I was in some kind of hospital situation, lying in a bed with tubes and wires hooked up to what seemed like every available piece of skin on my body. The rest of the parts of me not covered by such apparatuses were bandaged or otherwise stitched in some way. We’d had one hell of a rough ride. Part of me hoped that I would have regained some of my former mobility, that I had been somehow cured, but I quickly discovered that that was not the case. My only solace was that I wasn’t dead, and I wasn’t in any pain anymore. I was breathing easily again, and after briefly flashing back to gasping for air like a long-beached whale, it was something to be thankful for. 
The next question was, where the hell was I? The clean, florescent-lit room was filled with stainless steel and spotless, white and light blue surfaces. It seemed like an entire world away from the dusty, hot, barren land full of blood, explosions, and religious freaks that we had come from. How had we gotten here, wherever here was? I took a minute to replay the events leading up to here, scraping my mind for any shred of memory of events after we had boarded the wagon, but to no avail. Everything up to that point was there, the journey with Andy and Maria, the run from the Witnesses of Mercy, and the rescue by the cowboy Takeshi. My memory truly seemed to be intact again, and so I must have been unconscious since we had been tossed about by the explosion on the mountain. Andy must have saved me. Andy. Where was Andy? He had been in nearly as bad shape as I had been, shot in the leg and bleeding out. I felt a sick panic with the sudden fear that he might not have made it. 
I didn’t have to wonder for long. Andy entered the room, limping on his injured leg. He was sporting nearly as many bandages and bruises as I was, but he was very clearly alive. A ragged line of stitches traced their way down the left side of his face, but he was smiling, his blue eyes bright and joyful. He wore plain light blue scrubs that matched some of the paint on the walls. 
He limped to the edge of my hospital bed, and then pulled up a stool on wheels and rolled the rest of the way to my head. He took a quick look at some of the monitors and bags of various fluids that I was hooked up to, still smiling, and brushed a few strands of hair off my forehead. 
“You’re awake, and you’re doing just fine,” he said. “You made it.” 
He was clearly ecstatic at this outcome, and I wished that I could say the same back to him, that I was unbelievably happy he had survived. In this new and strange world, he was really all that I had. And thinking of all we had come through, it really did seem like it was a miracle that we had made it through. 
Either some of that emotion shone through on my face, or he was still just that happy that I’d survived, because he continued beaming at me like I was a magical unicorn that he’d come across in the forest. 
“Are you in any pain?” he asked. 
I blinked twice in response, happy that I really wasn’t in pain, but so frustrated that I still couldn’t talk. 
“Good,” he said. “We are safe for now, and you have nothing to worry about. I removed the bullet in your chest and repaired your collapsed lung. I got most of the cactus spines out of you, but there are still some that were too deep to remove. The bullet fractured several of your ribs, so you let me know if you start having any pain, and I’ll increase your medication.”
He seemed to see the questions in my eyes, and I appreciated how empathetic or perceptive he was. “I’m fine too—someone here in this compound helped me to remove the bullet in my leg. Some blood, fluids, and antibiotics, and I’m almost like new. I won’t have full mobility for awhile, but I was quite lucky that no bones were broken, no major vessels were irreversibly damaged, and I didn’t throw any clots,” he said. 
I tried to smile, and I think it might have reached my face in some way. He smiled back, but his face became still and serious. He put his hand on my arm. “I know you don’t understand half of what’s been going on, what’s been done to you, and why any of this is happening. There’s a lot to tell you, but I don’t want to overwhelm you with information.” He paused and sighed, long and loud. 
“You’ve been in this facility for over a week. I’ve not only been trying to heal your wounds caused by the Witnesses—I’ve been trying to reverse the damage done to your nervous system by that poison—those neurotoxic sedatives and neural suppression medications you were injected with for nearly twenty years. That’s the reason you can’t move correctly, or control your motor system well enough to speak.” 
	He paused again, burying his head in his hands for nearly an entire minute. “Orchid, I’m really sorry, but I have tried everything that I can think of, everything in my power to get your body back to some semblance of normal functioning, but nothing, and I mean nothing is making any sort of significant difference. I’ve failed you,” he said, not meeting my eyes, looking down at his hands. I wasn’t sure, but I thought I saw tears ready to roll down his cheeks. 
I let that information sink in. I was alive, but would likely be stuck in this defunct body, unable to speak, unable to communicate or move without great difficulty. As happy as I was to see Andy again, the idea of not waking up at all was starting to sound more appealing. Could I really live the rest of my life barely able to care for myself? Weighing the option of living this way with ending my own life seemed like a lose-lose situation, the two choices swinging back and forth like a barbed pendulum in my mind. 
Andy looked up, and he was indeed crying. I still had no explanation for why he cared for me so much, why he was so devastated by his failure to cure me. Or perhaps he was simply daunted by the prospect of having to offer me the option of assisted suicide. I remembered how hard it had been for him to leave The Mother of Mercy slowly bleeding to death, and guessed that essentially offering to kill someone he was allied with would not be an easy task for him. 
He wiped his tears on his scrub top without any shame, leaving dark blue droplets across the collar. “But there is another option. I don’t think I can fix this body of yours, but there is something else we can do. It’s extremely risky, and I’ll be honest—it’s never been attempted before,” he said, hope in his voice. 
I was confused. Clearly, he wasn’t talking about helping me to die. It didn’t make sense with his previous happiness either. ,Assisted suicide had probably been around as long as humanity itself, I suppose that it’s inherently risky, but that implied some sort of unintended consequence. The only risk I could see would be failing to actually die. If he couldn’t fix my body, and didn’t want to help me die, I didn’t know of what alternative he could possibly be thinking about. 
“Ironically this is all possible because of you, because of the research you did twenty years ago. Just the parts that we were able to salvage spawned an entire revolution, a new scientific zeitgeist. Even more ironically, if we had you back at full capacity the procedure would likely be far less risky. I can’t force you to go through with this. I refused to let Maria or anyone else come down here and talk to you about this, because I don’t want you to feel pressured. A lot of people are counting on you, but I won’t do anything to you without your permission. It’s not fair, no matter what’s at stake. You’re a human being, and it’s your body. You have to make the decision,” he said gravely. 
I stared at him and cocked my head to the side, trying to communicate to him that he had yet to actually tell me what he was asking me to do. Regardless of what the thing was, being given some sort of agency, some autonomy over my own fate was something I hadn’t had in a very long time. Giving me the freedom to choose made me have even more respect for this man than I already had. 
	“I don’t want to shock you, but the only other real option we have…is to make you into a cyborg. But it’s not just going bionic. Because it’s your brain itself that is damaged, we can’t just transfer you into a cyborg core and shell—you still wouldn’t have the intact neural circuits to map onto the infrastructure. You might gain some limited function that way, but it likely wouldn’t be of any great benefit,” he said, pausing to let me process that idea. 
	It wasn’t nearly as shocking of a prospect to me as he seemed to think it would be. My life’s work had been dedicated to the development of cyborg technology. Wait. That revelation froze me mentally. I had been assuming that my long-term memory had been unaffected, but I now realized that was incorrect. Things were still missing, and floating back to the surface. Like the fact that I had been one of world’s foremost engineers of advanced neurocybernetics. Even if technology had advanced far beyond the point that I had brought it to twenty years prior, he was right. I couldn’t see how any sort of neuroprosthetic would significantly change my situation. 
“I don’t know everything that’s going on in your head, but from your brain scans it seems like you’re still recovering some damaged bits of memory and other cognitive functions. I realize that you’re still probably not remembering everything about who you were before, and what happened, but does any of that make sense?” he asked. 
I gave him one very strong, definitive blink. He smiled. “Good. I’m not worried about your higher-level functions—our scans indicate that all of that is intact, and as soon as the last traces of residual drug half-lives are cleared from your system, you should regain full-function. I’ve been giving you medication to help counteract that and speed up the process, so you might be feeling more clarity, perhaps more memories coming back,” he said hopefully. 
I blinked in confirmation, and he continued. “So, because of technology that you were in the process of developing when you were kidnapped, there is one other option. Fortunately for you, even though you went missing and were assumed dead, your brilliant biomedical engineer of a husband continued your work after you disappeared.” He winked and grinned so wide I thought the smile was going to fall off his face. 
Meanwhile, my eyes opened so wide in shock that I thought they would fall out of my head and join his grin on the floor. I knew I had gaps in my memory, but if he was telling the truth, that was one Grand Canyon-sized chasm. It would help explain the strange closeness I felt towards him, and how emotionally invested he seemed to be in me. But…how was it possible? I hated people. Or at least, I was largely indifferent. I remembered running through a gamut of psychological diagnoses in the course of my previous life—sociopath, Asperger’s, autism, borderline personality disorder, anti-social behavior, avoidant personality disorder, obsessive compulsive disorder, narcissistic personality disorder, savantism, sensory integration dysfunction, manic-depression—you name it, I was probably labeled it at some point in time. It came down to me having an unbelievably high level of intelligence, hypersensitivity to certain stimuli, and general misanthropy. How could someone like me end up married. 
“Sorry, I won’t push that one on you. You’ll remember things in your own time. The important point is, I continued our work after you were gone. I think we have a way to map your cerebrum, your higher-level functions, your personality and intelligence onto a functional neural unit. Essentially, we mold the parts that make you, “you”, onto biomechanical substrate, set into an enhanced cybernetic corpus,” he said. 
Ignoring the alarming possibility that Andy might actually be my husband, I was actually thrilled and fascinated by the technology he was describing. Maybe it had taken two more decades to make the process biologically viable, but I remembered doing the foundation work, planning for cases such as my current state, where higher level functioning was intact, but other base functions were impaired. I wasn't so much thinking about what it would mean to me personally, physically going through such an unbelievable transformation, so much as just how…cool it was. 
“Since I was always the “wet” part of our research team, all of the bio components, the ones that will be essential to making the initial stages of this procedure work, should be flawless. I am confident that I can restore your neural imprint with little or not disruption or changes. Some of the finer details—the interfacing of this unusual cerebral unit with the rest of the cyborg corpus may not be perfect. That was always your end of the deal,” he said, and I could tell that he was reminiscing back to a time that I still could not recall. 
“The point being, if I can get “you” successfully into a functional cyborg unit, you’ll have enough mobility and function to communicate with me, and to essentially finish your original research and debug yourself. Now, the creepy part of this is that the host, that is you, as you are now, will still remain as it is. The process will put your natural body into a coma state, but it should still remain alive if we keep it…you, on life support. This is actually a good thing, because if anything goes wrong with the neural implanting process, we uh, have the raw materials to try and restore any missing bits,” he said, clearly uncomfortable with the implications the process. He was trying to hard to remain objective, but this was clearly anything but objective to him. If he was telling the truth, he was talking about stripping his own wife’s brain out of her body and shoving its imprint into a machine. 
He bit his lip, but continued. “You, for all philosophical and practical purposes would exist and retain consciousness within the cybernetic container, but your body would remain in this institution as a vegetable…a zombie of sorts. For most people, I think the psychological burden of that alone might be too much to handle. But, I know you. I know that you’re different.” He folded his hands in front of his face, resting his chin on his knuckles. His thick red hair looked even redder in the contrast of all the blue in the room. 
“So, I know that is a lot to deal with, and this is a lot to think about, on several levels. You’ll probably need a lot of time to think about all this, and that’s okay,” he said. 
I blinked twice, hard and deliberately. 
He laughed then, so loud and so suddenly that it startled me. “That’s not a no, you don’t want to do it. That’s a no, you don’t need any time to think of it,” he said, still chuckling a little to himself. I blinked once. 
“So you want to do this? You’re absolutely sure?” he said. 
I gave another hard blink. There was no question that regardless of the outcome, this was a far better option than remaining a paralyzed hunk of broccoli for eternity. And besides that, my sheer scientific curiosity alone was enough for me to want to go through with it. 
He laughed again, but this time tears hung in his eyes again. “That’s my girl. You always were tough. Orchid, I promise you that I will do everything I can to make this work, to give you your life back again. To get our life back again. I know you don’t remember us, and how it was, and maybe you never will, but I will do everything in my power to make sure that this works. That our research comes through for you,” he said. 
He leaned over and kissed my forehead, “I love you,” he said, a few tears landing on my face. “And I know it’s unfair of me to tell you that now, while you can’t remember, but I can’t help it. I love you Orchid.” 
I had no way to respond to him, and it was just as well because I didn’t know what to say anyway. There really was so much to come to grips with, but I figured all of that could wait. Andy could love me, even if I didn’t remember ever being capable of loving someone back, and if nothing else it would dedicate him to the process of getting my psyche out of this damaged body in one piece. 
“It’s going to take several days to prepare everything, and I want to make sure that as much of your cognitive function comes back before we attempt to do this. It’s not that we can’t go back and re-imprint later, as long as it’s not too far in the future, but the process would be cognitively jarring, and risky—we’d have to wake up your natural body, which is something we don’t want to do. Get some rest for now. I’ll try to answer any questions you have as best as I can. I’ll keep you as comfortable as possible while we make preparations, and your mind heals itself,” he said, and kissed head again before leaving the room. 
CHAPTER 15: TRANSFORMATION

	I lost track of time living in my quiet hospital room that had no windows, and seldom had any visitors beyond an occasional nurse or technician that weren’t Andy. Not that Andy wasn’t enough, but the feeling of losing time and space, of being numb and groggy much of the time reminded me far too much of my increasingly lucid memories of being imprisoned by the government. Andy warned me that some of the synaptic repair serums would potentially make me quite ill. And they did. There were several days where it seemed like I spent most of the day vomiting forcefully, constantly. But on those days Andy remained at my side, not speaking or taxing me mentally, but just being there. Holding my hand, watching my monitors to make sure I wasn't in true distress. 
	I hadn’t seen Maria or Takeshi since I’d woken up in my private hospital room, and I wondered what had become of them. I assumed they were okay—I got the feeling that Andy knew me well enough to know that I would want to be told if anything had happened to them. Emotions or misanthropy aside, I liked to keep tabs on everything going on around me as much as possible. Knowledge feeds into calculations—more knowledge, more data, equaled more statistical power. 
	After an untraceable amount of days spent like that, Andy finally told me that I was ready. Even if I still had memory gaps, the synapses were there, and inserting my imprint into healthy tissue should resolve most of the blank spots. 
	I was moved to an adjacent room that was all stainless steel, large monitors, and humming equipment. The hospital guise was gone form this room, and it looked like the research lab that it really was. I was tied down to a cold slab of metal in the center of the room, my arms strapped out to my sides at right angles, like I was awaiting crucifixion. And I suppose in some ways, I was about to die, and hopefully be reborn. I could hear the machines clicking and cycling, running through algorithm loops, shuttling data back and forth across partitions and networked devices. The room itself was, for all intents and purposes, alive. Of course it wasn’t all my doing, but I couldn’t help but be pleased by what had been built from my research. 
	My head had been shaved, and I realized that I had seen no reflection of myself and what I had come to look like since being freed. Andy had assured me that my cyborg shell would be very close in appearance to my natural body, that it was important psychologically to help me bond with my new cybernetic body, or there could actually be neuroprosthetic rejections, or even worse, a complete psychological meltdown. He wouldn’t let me see my new body for that same reason—seeing a mechanical mockup of myself prior to the transfer could be traumatic. I actually thought that it would have been exciting to see just how lifelike of a replica they had been able to construct, but I had no good way to communicate that to Andy. I would see their creation soon enough anyway. 
	My bare head was covered in an impressive array of electrodes, and Andy let me know that once an initial mapping was done that he would actually need to surgically access my brain to make sure that as much of my original neural activity could be mapped onto the new cerebrum as possible. He assured me that I would be well and asleep for that process, and the next time I woke up, I should be in my new body. 
	“This is it,” Andy said as he reentered the room. “I’m going to put you to sleep, and we’ll complete the process. Initial mappings look great, and I have faith that everything will go perfectly—and more than faith, I have data. Remember, it’s going to take a great deal of time and training before you’re fully functional in your new body. The biocircuits will take time to establish themselves and make concrete feedback loops.”
	Honestly I didn’t care what kind of functionality I ended up having immediately post-transfer—nearly anything save total paralysis would be preferable to the state I was in now. Even paralyzed in a cyborg body wouldn't be that catastrophic. I wouldn’t die from being unable to breathe, even though it would not exactly be a positive outcome. 
	He gave me one last kiss on the forehead. “The next time you wake up, things will be very different, but I’ll be right here with you the whole time. See you on the other side, love,” he said. 
	He injected the contents of a syringe into one of my many IV lines, and within a few moments, I was falling asleep, closing my real eyes for possibly the last time in my life. 
CHAPTER 16: AWAKENING

	“Orchid. Orchid, open your eyes,” I heard Andy say. “Can you hear me?”
	I could, in fact. Loud and clear. But, it was different. It was usually a constant battle for me to control being overwhelmed by noise and other various stimuli. This was…pleasant. I could hear everything without it wanting to drive me crazy. 
	I opened my eyes, wondering for a moment if anything had really changed. It felt normal, just like opening my eyes had always felt. Had it failed? Was I still stuck in my wrecked body? Andy was inches from my face, and I found myself staring directly into his clear blue eyes that were sparkling like gemstones. 
	I smiled. I fucking smiled, and my face moved, just like it should have moved. “Hello, world” I said, and the sound of my own voice, replicated perfectly filled the air, and it was one of the most amazing things I had ever heard. No more grunting and drooling. I was alive again. 
	Andy laughed, loud and pure laughter shook his body, and tears of joy started falling from those crystalline blue pools. He embraced me, wrapping his arms around me and burying his face in my shoulder. And I could feel it, I could feel it, like you were supposed to feel things. I could feel the details of his fingertips pressing against my shoulder blades, the gentle scratch of his red facial hair rubbing against my the curve of my neck. 
	And I remembered. I remembered everything now, and perhaps most importantly, I remembered Andy. I remembered us. I hugged him back and joined him in his laughter. I was filled with indescribable feeling of contentment, of having regained something that I didn’t even know that I had lost. There were still pieces of things that I didn’t know, things that had happened after my kidnapping, but so much more of the past had become clear, and my heart ached for Andy and all that he must have been suffering through this whole time. 
	I knew that he didn’t want to let me go, but he pulled back from the embrace. I held my own hands out in front of me in wonder, flexing each finger individually, marveling in the simple sensation of having motor control again. They say you are never grateful for what you have until you lose it, and I had lost everything—my life, my freedom, my body—and now it was finally the time to start over again. 
	Andy was wearing the same light blue scrubs I’d seen him in for weeks, and I looked down to see that my new body was wearing the same thing. 
	“Do you want to try and stand up?” Andy said, clearly eager for me to give it a try. Which was fine, because I was just as eager. 
	“Yes I do,” I said, still marveling at the sound of my voice. I couldn’t stop smiling. 
	“Now, don’t be alarmed if you have some trouble at first—it’s probably going to take a bit of rehab to get you up to full functioning, but once we do, I imagine you are going to be amazed! You’re outfitted with one of the most advanced cybernetic cores every developed. I think you’ll find that you have abilities beyond some of your wildest dreams,” he said. 
	Just walking across the room in a straight line was beyond my wildest dreams at this point. We were in that same room that I had last been conscious in, with all of the machines babbling away to themselves in binary. No one else was in the room, and I bet that Andy had forbidden anyone from interacting with me until I was ready. He knew me better than anyone else on the planet, knew that I’d want privacy. 
	He stood up and held his hands out towards me. I had a distinctly Frankenstein feeling as I swung my legs off the cold metal slab where I was sitting. I wiggled my toes, amazed at how natural everything felt. I took a breath and lowered my right leg to the floor. 
	Andy took my hands, ready to support me if I fell, but it wasn’t necessary. I walked all of the way across the room, and gave a small jump at the end. 
	“That’s great, great!” Andy said. 
	“Well, it looks like you fixed me,” I said, holding my hands out to the side. 
	“We fixed you,” he said. “You helped do this, and, so did Maria.” 
	Ah yes, Maria. With the rest of my memory intact, I finally remembered who she was.
	“You remember Maria now, too?” he said, confirming what I must have shown across my face. 
	I nodded, still forgetting that I could speak. “Yes, I think I remember…everything now. Everything before I was kidnapped. Things after that, those things are hazy still,” I said. 
	He put his hands on my shoulders. “I’m sure you have so many questions you want to ask, and I have so many things I want to tell you,” he said. 
	“I don’t even know where to begin,” I said. 
	He sighed. “I know we’ll get through this together. Maria will want to see you, and she’ll be helpful for answering your questions, letting you know what’s happened these past twenty years. Take your time though. There’s no rush,” he said. 
	“I’m ready now,” I said. “But first, can I have some socks? My feet are freezing.” 
	He threw his head back and laughed, amused and relieved at my mundane request. “Yes, let’s find you some socks.” 

CHAPTER 17: TEST DRIVE

	He did indeed find me some socks, and then he put me through a small battery of neurological tests, all of which I passed. My vestibular system was still taking time to get adjusted, and Andy cautioned me to be careful about falling. It seemed silly since I was no longer alive in the traditional sense of things. But I had a fully functioning biofeedback system, and I could still be damaged and experience pain as I had before. However, I couldn’t pretend like I wasn’t titillated by the idea of being able to fix myself with a screwdriver. 
	After he was satisfied with how I was functioning, he agreed that it was time to meet with Maria and get some answers. I also got some shoes for my trouble, because the floors really were cold. The fact that I was so sensitive to temperature was a good sign that I was adapting rapidly to the neurocybernetics. 
	“You’ve been down here underground for so long—how would you feel about coming up to the surface,” he aside, and I figured that he had probably been stuck down here with me for just as long. Knowing Andy, he wouldn’t have strayed far from my side. 
	“Absolutely. As much as I’d love to play with all of these wonderful gadgets down here, I’m ready to take a trip out of this basement.” I paused. “Where exactly is here, anyway?”
	He slapped himself lightly on the forehead. “Right. Jesus, you don’t even know where we are. This place didn’t exist before you were kidnapped. We’re in Sedona, in a large underground research laboratory and hospital facility. I’ll tell you all about the history of this place when we get to the surface.  

CHAPTER 18: IN THE FACE OF THE LORD

	We were in a chapel, one of the smallest chapels I had ever seen. Candles were lit in the tiny room, as though it were still in service. It was essentially a cement block that made up two sides of the wall and the roof. The other two sides of the rectangular building were made of clear glass panels. The front of the church faced towards a panoramic view of rolling red rocks adorned with a giant cement cross that affixed itself to the entirety of outside window face. In front of the shadow of the enormous cross on the interior of the building was a small altar flanked by two short rows of narrow pews. No one would ever guess that a technological monolith lay hidden below the humble building. 
	“I remember this place,” I said, my eyes glancing over the contents of the church. “This has been here for a long time.” 
	“That’s right,” Andy said. “This church has been here since some time in the 1950s. It’s a testament to the original architect that it’s still standing. We haven’t done anything to supplement its infrastructure.” 
	I walked to the glass windows. We were fairly high atop a ridge, and I placed the palm of my right hand on the cool glass, as though I could reach out and hold the terrain in my fingertips. Beautiful red hills stretched out before me, and the peaks and valleys were dotted with intense spots of green that popped out against the red soil and rocks. I had always loved Sedona, and it warmed my heart to see that it seemed largely untouched by any change or destruction. The maroon mountains were works of art in their own right, and I could understand how people would use this view as part of a rationale for belief in the divine. 
	“Would you like to walk outside?” Andy asked, his voice startling me out of my reverie. 
	In the glow of the flickering candles against the glass, I saw the faint ghost of my reflection. Andy hadn’t wanted me to look at myself yet, wanted me to take more time to let the biocircuits fully integrate before stressing my psyche. Supposedly seeing your face for the first time in an artificial body could be catastrophically shocking. Nonetheless, I saw my faint reflection and smiled. There was too much glare for me to see clearly, but I saw my familiar waves of black hair and almond-shaped eyes that I knew without a doubt were mine. I touched my hair for the first time, rolling my fingers around the curls. There was still much to be learned about this body. I had developed many cyborg prototypes over the years—some with more biological components, like realistically growing hair—some with more mechanical mainframes and less bio representation in the design. 
	I purposely halted my wandering thoughts again to answer Andy. “Yes. I would love to see the outside. Is it safe?” I asked, surprised that he thought this area was secure enough to allow for such frivolous forays into the open. I assumed that the safety of the lab below was partially based on subterfuge, as I had literally seen no guards or other evidence of security. Even Andy, whom I had last seen in the field brandishing a machine gun without prejudice, was not armed. In retrospect, I knew that Andy was not a violent guy, and he was probably internally haunted by what he had been forced to do on my rescue mission. But he would do anything for me, even if it meant violating his training as a healer and committing acts of extreme violence. 
	Andy scratched his head and bit the edge of his lip for a moment. “You’ve got nothing to worry about up here. This is probably one of the safest places on earth for us at the moment. I’ll explain everything when Maria gets here. I want to make sure that I don’t leave anything out or obscure the details. It’s going to be important that you understand exactly how we got to this place, and what we need to do in the coming times.” 
	He held out his hand for me to take, this time simply because I think he wanted to be in contact with me, not because he was afraid of me falling over. I took his hand, my palm still cold from touching the glass of the windows. “It’s cold out there, and I forgot to bring any jackets up with us, so we probably shouldn’t spend too much time outside. Maria has some training planned for the next few days though, and you’ll have more than enough time to explore everything in this area. If you knew what most of the rest of the country looks like, you’d be even more amazed by this place. It’s a little piece of heaven,” he said, and I could feel the true gratitude in his words. 
	It was true that I had yet to directly experience the consequences of areas more hard hit by the disasters, but even without such comparisons, it was hard to deny the natural beauty of one of the most geographically spectacular regions on earth. 
	We walked outside, and the cold wind immediately hit me in the face. It felt good, having this much sensation, smelling the natural wafts of warm stone-kissed updrafts coming up from the canyons below. I hadn’t spent much time attempting to hack into my circuitry, since Andy had repeatedly cautioned me about what a fragile state I was in, and how I needed to be careful until every was more firmly established across my various neuromechanical systems. But I was pretty certain that if I could get access to the subroutines, I easily figure out how to adjust my temperature controlling algorithms. It was preferable for many reasons to maintain normal human responses to stimuli, but I could think of cases where it would be more advantageous, and perhaps necessary to toggle between settings. I remembered Maria mentioning that she had shut her own limbic system down while we were engaged in the conflict with The Witnesses of Mercy. If she had figured out a way to do it, I knew that I could to. Or I could build a way to do so, if my wetware wouldn’t currently allow for it. I understood that I was a special case of cyborg that likely had far more natural biocomponents than other models leaning towards the android side of the AI spectrum. 
	The other side of the church led out to a wide concrete patio that was actually the end of a wide ramp that wound up from the bottom of the cliff below. It looked like there might have been a parking lot down there at one point in time. I thought I could see faint lines where paint had once demarcated spots for cars. Sculptured junipers that resembled Japanese bonsai were interspersed with blooming cholla along the arching pathway up to the church’s platform. I thought of the cholla cactus that I had landed face-first in back when we were running from The Witnesses, and for a moment I thought that perhaps I could still feel spines buried in my hands, but it was only neural memory. Cholla were actually quite beautiful, with chains of vibrant yellow flowers dancing over them when they were in bloom. The cactus itself was a tangled mass of fleshy, spine-encrusted fingers that easily broke off and embedded themselves in unwary passersby. For this reason, they were sometimes called jumping cactus. In my case, I had almost literally jumped into the cactus myself instead of the other way around—there had been far too much cholla action in my life over the last few weeks. I admired the yellow blooms, but kept my distance. 
	Behind us, a large tower of banded red rocks loomed over us, giving us some marginal protection from the wind. The view from this platform was amazing. It was like we were birds perched on a strip of rock not meant for human access. I had a sudden wish that I had done some work on cyborg flight systems, but that would have been a whole separate line of aeronautical engineering that I really wasn’t all that familiar with. I could be satisfied with just having functional legs again. 	
	There were some concrete benches along the sides of the platform, but we didn’t sit down. I was struck by how intensely chill the wind factor was up here, and I realized that I actually had no idea what season it was. Down in Tucson, it had been so hot that I assumed it was summer, pre-monsoon season, but given how remarkably cool it was up here, I may have been mistaken. There was a lot about this new world that I knew absolutely nothing about. 
	I walked to the edge of the cliff and spread my arms wide, like I would still try to soar over the hills anyway. The cold air felt amazing. In the corner of my eye, I saw someone enter the chapel. 
	“Maria’s here,” he said. “We can explore more later. I’ll show you where I live, and I think you’re going to love it. As long as your systems stay strong, there is no need to keep you sequestered down in the lab anymore.” 
	I nodded, and we headed back towards the chapel. The sun told me it was some time around midday, and fat beams of light were shining down through the window onto the altar. Maria was leaning against the preacher’s podium, waiting. It was stranger to see her in her true form—gone was the overly sweet face and the blond braids. Her hair was cut in a short, black bob, her serious dark brown eyes rimmed with dark black liner. Her Cupid’s bow lips were covered in deep red lipstick, and she wore tight black pants with a similarly plain black shirt. 
	The hard look on her face softened when she saw me, and she smiled almost as wide as Andy had. “Orchid!” she said, as though it had been years since we had seen each other. And it was odd to think that it was essentially true—it had effectively been twenty years since we’d seen each other. 
	An unfamiliar sensation came over me—a wave of excitement that I guess you could call giddiness upon seeing Maria. It was overwhelming and wonderful at the same time. What was happening? 
	“Maria!” I called back, and ran towards her. I threw my arms around her small figure. This display of affection startled her, and she started at me for a minute, not displeased with the embrace, but puzzled. 
	She looked over at Andy, “What’s going on?” she said. 
	“It’s…it’s just so good to see you!” I said, feeling tears sneaking out of my eyes. Huh. Interesting. I’m not sure if I was more fascinated by the fact that I had working tear ducts, or that I was experiencing the emotions to cause those tear ducts to become active. I pushed back from Maria. 
	“Yeah. Wait. What is going on here?” I asked. I stepped back another foot and saw Andy and Maria exchange glances, as if they were mentally playing rock, paper, scissors for who would be responsible for telling me something unpleasant. 
	“Well, I thought I might have seen some evidence of this on your scans before, but I couldn’t be certain. It looks like you…may have actually regained some function, for lack of a better term. As you know before, you were considered…abnormal per psychiatric evaluation in terms of empathy, socialization, and sensory integration,” he said slowly. It was true, and there really was no better way to put it. I likely had had some mild form of autism and one of the myriad personality disorders postulated by various psychologists. 
	He folded his arms. “Well, when we implanted you into the cerebral base unit, we left your damaged cerebellum and other associated cortical motor regions. That way we fixed the damaged areas, but left “you” intact. However, it looks like we also may have repaired some of your limbic system and possibly some other distributed regions responsible for emotional regulation and empathy. I don't mean to say that there’s anything wrong with you—you know that I’ve always loved you just as you are…but it seems that now you might have what would be called a typical emotional response capacity,” he said.  
	Wow. The irony was certainly not lost on me—that making me into a machine actually gave me more emotions than I’d had when I was a human. So, that what all this was, all these feelings. This is what “normal” people felt. 
	“This is really weird,” I said, at a loss for a more profound statement. “So this is how you guys feel…all the time?”
	Maria smirked. “Andy feels like that all the time. I’m a little on the pathological side emotionally speaking myself. That’s one of the reasons we always got along so well,” she said. 
	“But, but I think the important thing to remember is that you’re still you…these are just the things you would have been feeling if you had been born with a typically wired brain,” Andy interjected. “You still have probably won’t be as sensitive or emotionally vulnerable as some people, especially after you acclimatize more to the new sensations.” 
	“And I can modify my own regulation patterns?” I asked, unable to conceal the raw curiosity in my voice. 
	He blew a puff of air and played with the hair on his chin. “I’m not saying it can’t be done, that we can’t shut down some of the wet-wiring, but I have concerns about how it will affect your system. You’re a cyborg now, but a cyborg that is as close to being humanoid as possible. If you hack your own systems you could cause extreme imbalances in your memory, personality, and motor units, especially while the bond between your biological and hardwired components are still so fragile. Basically, your hardware/wetware interface is still very unstable, and I don’t want to put you in jeopardy. I can’t risk losing you again,” he said. 
	It was going to take some effort on my part not to want to play with my own mechanics—but if I royally screwed something up and damaged myself, it would hurt Andy so badly, and I just didn’t think I could put him through that. 
	I sighed. “Well, you know, there are worse fates than having to deal with emotions,” I said. Truthfully, the glowing satisfaction I was feeling from being reunited with my husband and best friend was actually quite pleasant. 
	“That’s the damned truth,” Maria said. 
	“Like the Baptists say, one day at a time—let Jesus take the wheel,” I said jovially, pointing to a large crucifix hanging on the wall behind Maria. 
	Andy and Maria stared at each other. “This is going to take a bit of getting used to, isn’t it?” she said. 
	“What? What’d I say?” I put my hands on my hips, knowing damned well what a mind fuck this must be for them. If I had to deal with having my cerebrum being rearranged, may as well have some fun with it. 
	Andy laughed. “It’s just good to have you back. And it’s interesting to see this more…extroverted side of you.” 
	I grumbled. “Well, since you won’t let me jack with my neural subroutines, you’re going to have to get used to it.” 
	Andy shook his head, still chuckling. “Ah yes, that’s my girl. It’s so good to have you back again. Why don’t we sit down, and finally try to fill in some of the gaps for you,” 
	“You have no idea how good that sounds,” I said, clapping my hand on Andy’s shoulder. 
	I knew that I had never been so animated or extroverted, but I thought I could get used to it. How much fun it was going to be, saying some of the snarky things that usually stayed in my head. 

CHAPTER 20: WATER UNDER THE BRIDGE

	We had positioned ourselves across two sets of pews that we moved to be facing each other. I wanted to sit with Andy, but for the sake of clarity they sat me across from them so that everyone could pay attention. 
	“So, before I bore you to tears reciting history you already know, why don’t you tell me what you do remember. I know you say that you remember everything from before you were kidnapped, but you know I’m a cynical bitch. Fill me in on what you think you know,” Maria said.
	I smiled at her, “You always were a skeptic,” I said. She was right though. Previously I had thought that my long-term memory had been intact, but I had in fact been cognitively impaired. I had forgotten that I was married, that I had a husband. Any memory of Maria had been erased. Being free of my fried cerebrum had given me tremendous insight into just how impaired I had been after so many years of bathing my neurons in toxic medications. It was like being given glasses when you didn’t even know that you were nearsighted in the first place. 
	“What’s the last thing you remember?” Andy said. 
	I thought back, trying to grasp the last clear memory I had before everything descended into an endless haze. 


CHAPTER 21: PAST IN PRESENT

	It was winter in Jerome—a small town literally carved into the side of a mountain in north-central Arizona, two miles north of Phoenix. It was a rather strange place to be conducting advanced cybernetics research, but the political climate at that time was precarious. The government was both fascinated and frightened by the advanced leaps that robotics was experiencing. The general public was also becoming increasingly hostile and suspicious towards artificial intelligence, and we had made the decision to move our research to a more clandestine location. 
	Andy and I had met several years previously when we had both been recruited by the DoD. We’d been plucked right out of high school because of promising aptitude in subjects that were of primary importance to national defense. Despite my typical problems with interpersonal relationships, I had immediately taken to Andy, and at the age of 16 we became friends, something I had never experienced before. He was kind and patient, fascinated by my unusual psyche, and one of the only people I had ever met with comparable intelligence to mine. 
	Maria had joined the program two years later, when we were eighteen. She too was wickedly intelligent, more social than I was, but also blatantly manipulative and opposed to authority. I took a certain devious pleasure in watching her systematically disable a person’s defenses and bend them to her will. She was never able to do this with me, and we had great fun constructing intellectual puzzles for each other. Eventually our friendly academic rivalry blossomed into a strange kind of friendship. 
	Because of her issues with authority, Maria had never been very comfortable with our jobs at the DoD, but she stuck around because of the glorious research budget we were afforded, and the sick joy she got out of messing with high-level government officials. We had hacked the system’s computers almost instantly upon our arriving at the compound. No one ever knew that we had access to pretty much every bit of secret information that our nation had to offer. We never used the access for any nefarious purposes, other than to constantly mess with some of our more annoying supervisors. 
	Maria wanted to leave for a long time, but they were putting Andy through medical school, and in the interest of group solidarity, we decided to wait, bide our time, let Andy finish medical school, and build up connections in the private sector to amass our own sources for funding. When Andy was through with his training, and we were satisfied with our financial cushion, Maria dug into the system and fished out some choice bits of information. It was good enough for the government to let us go without a fuss, and we assured them that if we were to turn up missing, we had assembled provisions to publicly disseminate the information. 
	Despite that agreement, we wanted a more clandestine location for our new base of operations. I had grown up in Flagstaff, and the remote area of Jerome south of there occurred to me as a remote and unexpected location, but it was still close enough to civilization to easily move supplies and equipment as needed. 
	And so we agreed to set up shop outside of Jerome. And the day we earned our freedom, six years after I met him, Andy asked me to marry him. I said yes, not being able to imagine being with anyone else but him. We bought a sleepy vineyard in the northern Arizona highlands, and Andy and I were married in a small chapel atop a hillside in Sedona. For awhile, we had fun being normal newlyweds, enjoying the novelty of our new white farmhouse and acres of rolling vineyards. 
	However, none of us could stand the domestic charade for long. We became bored and restless, and we quickly set about constructing our new research facility, hidden beneath the earth under out quaint white farmhouse. It was such an exciting time, working with such freedom. We were without any real limits, and our investors were pleased with the swift but secretive progress of our small, but highly productive lab. Because our team consisted of just three members, and our collective intelligence and teamwork was more than enough to drive our research, it wasn’t too difficult to keep things under wraps. People in that part of the country kept mainly to themselves anyway. 
	Despite our precautions we wanted someone brought into the inside of our operation that would help maintain the grounds, keep up appearances, and also add extra security to the compound. We had all been highly trained in the use of weapons and in self defense techniques by the DoD, as they had feared that enemy spies might actually attempt to kidnap us or bring us harm if we were ever to be discovered. We also had a great deal of electronic security, but we were lacking in other sentient agents to help us with grounds control. 
	That was where Takeshi Imahara came in. One of our most trusted backers had recommended his services, and after a thorough scouring of international databases, along with a battery of psychological tests, lie detection procedures, and neural scans, we were convinced that Takeshi was our guy. He was rugged and trustworthy, but simple enough not to be a threat to our operation. 
	Takeshi turned out to be an invaluable asset to our operation. He knew how to take care of the grapevines, but also turned out to be proficient in tactical planning and explosives management. Not to mention that he was a master horseman, and one damned fine marksman. He was simple enough in mind that we never had to doubt his loyalty to the operation—so long as we paid him well, he maintained a strict mercenary code of allegiance. He dealt with any stray visitors that happened to wander onto the grounds with a curious, but charismatic delivery of southern charm that he successfully administered despite a rather heavy Japanese accent. The son of a native Japanese man and a Japanese-American woman in the Army, Takeshi had an interesting upbringing that spanned between military compounds on Okinawa and the ranches in southern Arizona that his parents had retired to after his mother had been discharged from the army. 
	In time, Takeshi became more than just an employee—he became an honorary member of our close-knit triad. Maria had claimed for many months to detest the cowboy, to hate his careless banter and simple thinking patterns. It got to the point where she would find reasons to go bother him about various unimportant problems that she claimed to be his fault. Rarely participating in many social rituals as a child, I had nonetheless been a careful observer of human behavior, and it looked like, for all intents and purposes, that Maria was behaving like a schoolboy harassing a girl on the playground because he actually had a crush on her. 
	Whenever we weren’t working, she was talking about Takeshi, and so it was no surprise when I literally walked in on the two of them together in the barn one day. 
	A year later, despite Maria’s protests that she didn’t believe in stupid rituals like marriage, Takeshi convinced her to become his bride, and they were married in the same chapel in Sedona. There was something grounding about observing such traditional routines, when our lives were anything but traditional. 
	Things were going well. Our research was steadily picking up, and we were branching out into new and unknown territory. We spent our days above ground pretending to be normal married couples living on an agricultural complex, and we spent our nights below ground doing the unimaginable, breaking boundaries and reaching new frontiers in cybernetics. Takeshi guarded our fortress, and Maria loved him in her own strange way. I loved Andy in my own strange way as well—and we were happy. 
	That winter day, close to Christmas, Andy had been volunteering at one of the local medical clinics all week. Maria and I didn’t understand it, but I knew that it made Andy happy, and that was good enough for me. He claimed that staying connected to the medical field also helped with our research, let him continue his study of human biology and how it could interface with machines. 
	Andy had asked us to meet him up in the main town of Jerome for dinner, to celebrate some of our recent progress. Takeshi was excited by the prospect of a giant steak, and watching the moon rise over the mountains. I was indifferent about the adventure. I knew that Andy, Takeshi, and even Maria would do the talking for me, which was what I cared about most. 
	Not unlike many residents in the area, we forewent the use of cars. The mountain roads were quite narrow, and it was actually easier to get around on horseback, which pleased Takeshi to no end. I wasn’t opposed to it either, as I’d always had an affinity for animals. It was a bit ironic considering that we were conducting cybernetics research with some of the most advanced biotechnology, and yet we spent many of our days riding around on horseback through the mountains. 
	It was snowing lightly that night. Ice had formed on the roads several days before, and snow was collecting over the ice chunks on the rugged sides of the mountain. The moon was full, and as we rode further up the mountain, we had a view of the plains below us, covered in a thin white powder that glowed under the moonlight. I heard the hoof beats before I saw the shadow of a horse appear over the ridge, riding fast in our direction. Even in the darkness I could tell from the outline that it was Andy coming towards us at full clip. 
	I instantly knew that something was wrong. As soon as he came within range, I could see the look of fear on his face. The white blaze on his black horse’s nose flashed in the moonlight as it shook its head back and forth, balking at the sudden stop. 
	“We’ve got to get back to the compound and get underground,” Andy said, swallowing hard. The sound of our horses’ hooves restlessly moving on the ground clattered against the icy road. 
	“What’s going on?” Maria said. 
	“Big trouble—earthquake off the coast of Japan just created a major tsunami. Nuclear power plants everywhere are melting down. Seismic activity across the world is going nuts. I hacked into the DoD mainframe—we’re preparing for a serious world-wide catastrophe,” Andy said, all in one breath. 
	“Doesn’t that seem a little bit…alarmist?” Takeshi said. “I mean, even if the nuclear sites in Japan melted down, I think we’d be talking tragedy, but not necessarily apocalypse now.” 
	Andy shook his head. “According to the USGS sites I hacked, they’re expecting unprecedented seismic activity worldwide that could trigger a major chain of events—volcanic eruptions, more tsunamis, weather disturbances. Do you know how many nuclear power plants there are scattered across the world? Japan is more prepared than others for this sort of contingency, but think of all the shoddily built and monitored plants. Especially here in the United States—think of some of the unsound engineering and contingency plans that we have for the event of a natural disaster disrupting a plant. I hate to get all doomsday on us, but we need to get back to the ranch and get prepared—start compiling our survival resources, hack into some more servers, and dig out as much information as we can.” 
	Takeshi sighed. “Hate to say it girls, but I like to play things safe too. I mean fortunately we’re already pretty well stocked up for the event that we ended up in some government shootout at our compound, and I’ve got security locked up really tight at the vineyard, so we should be in pretty good shape. Ya’lls facility in the basement is fallout shelter approved too, so that should be of benefit if any of this shit actually goes down. On the bright side, do you know how many nuclear power plants there are in Arizona? Just one, down in Phoenix, and we’re far away from any bodies of water. We could do worse for location for this sort of thing,” he said. 
	I wasn’t going to worry myself until I actually got behind a computer and mined some data for myself. The idea of holing myself up in our lab for an extended period of time didn’t bother me either. I’d have food, my research, my husband, and the only two other people that mattered to me in the world. I’d miss some of my rides around the vineyard on horseback, but not having to deal with the outside world was, not surprisingly, rather appealing to me. 
	Maria grumbled. “I hate to agree with you guys, and I’m not saying I do. But I can’t resist a good data festival, and I’ll definitely agree to heading back to the vineyard so that I can get my hands on a computer,” she said, her horse rearing slightly off its front feet, sensing her agitation. 
	Maria and I were cold and logical about most things, and even Takeshi would shut down his emotions when it was time to make tactical decisions. But my dear sweet Andy, with his heart of gold. I knew he was already thinking and worrying about people suffering in Japan, worried about the people of this simple town that he had no way of protecting, no way of saving if something of that magnitude really did happen. Hiding himself away while the world was burning was probably the last thing Andy wanted to do, but there was no way that he would jeopardize the people he loved, even if it killed him to let others suffer in the process.
 I sat there with tiny flakes of snow landing on my face, letting the chill air flowing down off the mountain kiss my ears and the tip of my nose. 
It was the last time I felt the wind on my face for six months. 

We holed up in our underground fortress, quickly discovering that things really were as bad as we thought they were. We stayed underground, and watched the world burn. A series of natural disasters rocked the world, many nuclear power plants did indeed meltdown, and the earth beneath us constantly shook. It was a testament to Maria’s engineering skills that our stronghold remained structurally sound, despite the continual seismic events. The country was overwhelmed by revolts and riots—we watched as the world literally fell apart. 
Naturally the government struggled to keep control of as much as they could, even as rebel states emerged, and numerous countries seceded from the union. We were correct in that Arizona was less hard-hit than other states, and our underground laboratory remained safe. In time, we were contacted by splinter cells of scientists who wanted to form an alliance for the rebuilding of the future—we all knew that science was the only answer to the world’s problems. But the government was getting desperate, rounding up scientists by force, and we were wary of revealing ourselves by becoming part of a larger group. 
Thanks to the advanced solar system that Maria and I had designed prior to any of the destruction, our compound was self-powered. We were able to keep some tabs on world events thanks to those individuals out there doing their best to keep media and internet services running despite the chaos. We could tell things were especially bad when all communications were down, and we were unable to connect with any servers. 
One day we were sitting in the control room, pleased that we had particularly good access to the rebel web nets that had sprung up in the wake of the catastrophes. Maria and I were taking every opportunity to snag information and data mine everything we could about what was going on in the world. We sat side by side at our keyboards, an array of huge monitors embedded in the wall in front of us. 
“It’s a fucking gold mine today,” Maria said, her eyes wide, her fingers dancing over the keyboard as lines of code and images flashed across the screen. 
I smiled for a moment, sharing her excitement at being back in the grid again. Seconds later, my smile disappeared. “Maria,” I said. “We’ve got trouble.” 
I was staring at information from what remained of the USGS, tracking real-time seismic information. 
“Shit. Takeshi! Andy!” she stood up and yelled. “Get in here!” 
Andy had been in what functioned as our library, poring through medical tomes like he had been for days, saying that he was preparing for a time when it would be safe enough to venture out and provide medical care to some of the survivors. He came into our control room holding an enormous text that was simply labeled “PHYSIOLOGY.” Takeshi, being the least intellectual of us, had been going stir crazy, and many days we found him wandering aimlessly through the compound. Sometimes he came and watched us hacking through code in the control room until he pissed Maria off and she chased him away. He appeared several seconds later from some unknown location, a look of excitement on his face, as though any type of action would be preferable to the endless boredom. 
“If this is any indication, we’re about to be in some big trouble—major seismic activity predicted right on top of us, the worst yet for this area,” Maria said. 
“This place has held up pretty well so far,” Takeshi said, folding his arms as though dissatisfied with the drama of the announcement. 
Andy shook his head as he looked at the monitor. “No, this looks bad. We need to get to the most secure area of the compound. Maria—what’s our best shot?”
She sighed. “The center living area is the most well-reinforced, but I don’t know if it’s worth the risk. We should probably go above ground, away from any structures. Waiting in the vineyards is likely to be our safest bet,” she said. 
It would be nice to see the surface again, but I knew Andy would take issue. 
“Yeah! We get to go above ground again!” Takeshi said. He’d been whining about wanting to venture out for weeks, but Maria had forbidden it. 
“I don’t know if that’s such a good idea. There are a lot of vigilante groups out and about, not to mention those government spooks that have been headhunting for us,” Andy said. Maria had intercepted some intelligence the other day suggesting that there were people looking for us out there. Several weeks prior, two remaining security cameras had caught what looked like someone snooping around the edge of our compound, but it wasn’t totally clear from the blurry video if it was actually a person, or just a large animal of some sort. 
“Look, this area hasn’t been all that hard hit in general,” Takeshi said. “We’ve got plenty of weapons to defend ourselves with, and I know this area like the back of my hand. I can help us stay safe. But there’s not going to be anything left to defend if we all end up flat as pancakes.” 
“He has a point,” I finally chimed in. “We’ve been pretty overly cautious staying down here for so long. We’re going to have to go above ground to find supplies eventually anyway—what we have down here isn’t going to last forever. 
Andy didn’t look happy, but after much deliberation, we finally decided to get to the surface before any seismic activity struck. He insisted that we arm ourselves to the teeth, and Takeshi had no problem gearing up with weapons again. His grin as he gripped the smooth barrel of a large rifle was eerie, but I was glad to have him watching our backs. 
It was the dead of summer outside, a fact that had largely escaped us in our cool underground bungalow. It was dark out, another factor that being below ground for long had been obscuring. Our sleep schedules had become erratic without the regulating effects of the sun, and we rarely took note of when we should be awake or asleep. Despite the absence of the sun, it was hot as we emerged into the night air. We had been spoiled for some time, and without the usual time to acclimatize to the harsh Arizona summer weather, I instantly wished that we could go back underground. 
The smell of grapes, hot and fermenting filled the surrounding area, and I was surprised that so much of the grape crop had survived to reach fruition, despite the climate disruption and lack of irrigation. 
“Well, we got ourselves an emergency food supply if we run out of other things to eat. Phewy, smell them grapes!” Takeshi said, laughing. 
Andy wrapped his arm around me, in spite of the heat, suddenly protective, as though the boogieman might jump out at any moment and attempt to eat me. I nestled into his embrace, comforted by the pressure. Takeshi had the forethought to arm us with various lights—headlamps, lanterns, flashlights—so that we wouldn’t be without a way to navigate in the dark. We had also brought medical supplies and items necessary to start a fire. No one could agree if lighting a fire would help scare off unwanted wildlife, or just attract too much attention. So we stuck with mechanical lights for the time being. Andy had fashioned some makeshift torches that could be lit in an emergency, either for additional light or as a weapon. 
“We should clear a spot in the center of the vineyard, away from any of the slopes, the house, or any trees, just to be safe,” Maria said. 
It was good to see that our above-ground house seemed to be in good repair—no major vandalism or wear seemed to have come to the structure, which was reassuring in some way, as though the whole world hasn’t really fallen apart, and we had just been on an extended research binge below ground in the laboratory for the sake of productivity. 
“If you guys don’t mind, while you clear a small camp for us, I’m going to do a little bit of exploring to see if I can find any of our old horses, in case we need transportation,” Takeshi said, slinging the rifle off his shoulder and firing up one of the lanterns with his other hand. We had released our horses into the wild when we’d gone underground. Considering the relatively decent shape that the surrounding flora was in, there was a good chance that some of our horses might have survived. 
“What are you, retarded?” Maria said. “I just told you that you need to stay away from any significant structures, you know, like TREES.” 
	Takeshi just laughed and kissed her on the head. “Darlin, I’ll stick mostly to the flatlands in case anything happens. It could be very important for us to have some transportation, a way to escape if need be. If a big quakes really does hit, all the horses will spook if there’s any around here still, and we’ll probably never catch them,” he said. 
	“I don’t like it. Like Andy said, there’s vigilantes, bandits, and bears in this area. We need to stick together,” Maria said, making a disgruntled face that I could see even by the light of Takeshi’s small lantern. 
	“Look, I know where the horses usually go when they get loose—there’s a good chance there down there still, possibly living in a herd together. That might have been what we saw on the security tapes that one night. I’ll just do a quick survey of that spot and come back if I find nothing,” he said and patted her on the arm. “You guys make us a nice little camp and I’ll be back within the hour.” 
	Short of shooting him in the leg, Maria knew she wasn’t going to win the battle, and she let him go without making more of a scene. We gathered our supplies and donned headlamps so that we wouldn’t run into any unwanted surprises in the dark. We followed Maria’s advice and trekked out to the middle of our sizable vineyard, the smell of fecund grapes irritating my nostrils. Like the gentleman he was, once we’d found a suitable spot, Andy went about clearing an area of rotting grapes, insisting that we relax and just keep watch for any disturbances. 
	One of the things I’d always loved about Northern Arizona was how intense the stars were. With so little light pollution, the stars always shone so brightly, and it was easy to get lost staring into the vast expanse of nothing, pretending like nothing else mattered, nothing else existed but those lonely points of light dotting the endless black expanse of the sky. There was no moon tonight, and the stars shone bright as ever. I realized how much I had missed gazing up into that sky, and quickly found myself lost in a small trance. 
	“Orchid, are you okay?” Andy touched my arm, stirring me out of my daze. I had lost track of time, and when I looked down he had cleared a nice spot for us, spread out some blankets, and piled the rest of our supplies on the edge of it. 
	I nodded, looking into his eyes that glowed the palest blue, backlit by our headlamps. He guided me to the ground with him, wrapping his body around my back and resting his head against my shoulder. 
	“I love you,” I said softly. He kissed the side of my neck, and Maria was either too preoccupied worry about Takeshi to notice, or too tired to bother making a snarky comment. 
	We sat in silence for some time, watching the stars and listening for sounds in the dark landscape around us. Our small headlamps only illuminated a small area of the vineyard, and it seemed as though there was a whole world of noises dancing just on the edge of the beams. The mountain was still alive, and it gave me further encouragement that all was not lost, we could rebuild the future, and move on.
	“Goddamn it, where is Takeshi,” Maria said. I stopped staring off into the darkness and noticed Maria’s tense body language. She clutched her knees to her chest, rocking back and forth, tapping both her feet against the woven brown blanket with a soft thap thap thap, periodically running an aggressive hand through her black hair. 
	I started to answer, but never got a chance to. The earth. Shook. And I mean it shook like nothing I’d ever felt or heard before. I couldn’t figure out where sound and vibration started and stopped, and it didn’t matter—my body hummed with the violent shaking. Andy grabbed me tighter, and I grabbed Maria, who was trying to stand up and walk away. 
	“Takeshi!” she yelled. I held her close and didn’t let her run off.
	The ground kept shaking for what seemed like an eternity, but it was probably closer to two minutes in reality. Maria kept screaming for Takeshi the entire time, and I kept holding onto her. 
	When the ground finally stopped shaking, the noise continued. Chunks of hills behind us were heaving, crumbling apart, and breaking. We were far enough away from the slopes that we weren’t in direct danger. I thought of the main town in Jerome, how it was tacked precariously on the mountain, and wondered how much of it would be left. I had heard windows breaking and wood cracking behind us. I knew our above ground house had sustained damage, but didn’t know how much. It didn’t sound like it had completely fallen down. I knew Andy was panicking inside, thinking of all the people still left in town. 
	“Maria, wait for a few minutes and we can go looking for Takeshi,” Andy said. “With a quake that big there’s bound to be aftershocks. He might just be waiting too—he’s probably fine. We’re far enough away from some of the most hazardous areas.” 
	Maria didn’t respond, and her tense body continued fidgeting in my grasp. She started to scream again, and I shushed her. “Listen. I hear something,” I said. 
	Hoof beats, distinctly plodding against loose rocky soil were echoing in the distance. I could hear them even over the rumble from the mountains behind us. Soon a light appeared, slightly elevated from the ground, and Takeshi came into view, riding on a brown and white palomino horse. In his left hand was a rope that was looped around the neck of another black horse that had a white blaze across its nose—Andy’s old horse, Juniper. 
	Maria bolted to her feet and ran towards him. She smacked him hard in the leg because she couldn’t reach his face. “You fucking idiot! I thought you were dead!” she yelled, and I knew that was just her own peculiar way of expressing love. 
	Takeshi just laughed. “See, I toldja it was going to be fine. And look, I found a few of our old friends—now we can get around town again if we need to,” he said, patting Maria on the head. She swatted his hand away. 
	Andy stood up and helped me to my feet too. “I need one of those horses. I have to go into the town, into Jerome. People are dying out there, I know it. I can’t just….leave them,” he said quietly. 
	Maria scoffed. “Hey, they’ve been suffering for months, and that hasn’t stopped us from ignoring them,” she said, absently leaning against Takeshi’s leg, as though she had already forgotten to pretend she was still angry. 
	Andy’s face crinkled into a scowl, his voice suddenly loud. “That’s not the same thing, and you know it! We know there are still people caught on that mountain that have survived everything so far, but even the most resilient of communities can’t survive having a ton of rocks dropped on the top of their heads.” 
	I caught Maria rolling her eyes. “The situation is still the same—we have to watch out for ourselves first, and going into town still carries the same risks that it did before. We should stay up here until the risk of the most severe aftershocks passes, then head back down into the lab and assess the damage,” she said coldly. I knew she was right, but we all knew that it wasn’t going to fly for Andy. 
	“We’ll take Juniper, and Andy and I will go into town and see what we can do to help out with any of the survivors that look like they’re in good enough shape to make it. You guys stay here, guard the compound, try to venture below only if it seems like it’s safe enough. Start by inspecting the house aboveground first,” I said, my voice even and logical. 
	Maria sighed loudly, and Takeshi remained silent, knowing as much as I did that Andy wouldn’t be persuaded. If we didn’t let him go, he would sneak off at the first opportunity. 
	“No, it’s too dangerous for you to come along. Stay here with Maria and Takeshi,” Andy said. 
	Takeshi finally chimed in, “Nope, it’s always safer to go in pairs—you need someone to watch your back while you’re busy patching people up. Orchid is calm, objective, in a crisis, and she knows how to assist you with medical procedures.” 
	We argued back and forth for a bit again, but eventually made the group decision that Andy wouldn’t be allowed out of the compound without a companion—it just wasn’t safe. And so we packed up as many medical supplies and ammunition as we could, and headed off to Jerome. Takeshi had rounded up some of our old tack that was in surprisingly good condition, so we were able to ride Juniper comfortably with a saddle and a bridle, Andy at the reigns and me holding onto his broad back. 
	The terrain was treacherous, and several times we had to make long detours around the formal paths that had become blocked by boulders and fallen trees. The way around sometimes meant that we had to skirt the edge of steep cliffs, and I was thankful for the fact that Takeshi had found Juniper, a horse that had always been good tempered and surefooted, and one that Andy had grown accustomed to riding and controlling. Our headlamps only illuminated a small section of the road in front of us, making the traversal of the terrain even more precarious, and several times we were forced to stop so suddenly that Juniper reared back and nearly knocked me out of the saddle. 
	When we finally reached the town, the devastation and chaos were possibly worse than we had imagined. Buildings had collapsed, people were lying in the street screaming and bleeding. Some lamps had been set up around the street, and a few fires had been started to illuminate what was left of the town, as people scurried around, digging in the rubble for friends and family. The noise and the smoke was overwhelming, and after being in our quiet underground sanctuary for so long, I struggled to keep control of my composure. 
	“Are you going to be okay Orchid?” Andy said, feeling the tension in my grip increasing. I knew this is one of the things he had been concerned about, so I did my best to prove him wrong and not have a sensory integration freak out episode. 
	“I won’t let you down,” I said flatly. 
	We parked Juniper at the edge of the chaos, as far out of any sort of danger as we could possibly tether her. She reared once or twice as we tried to leave, but quickly calmed down. We could trust her to be there for us when we were ready to get out of town. Andy went into trauma management mode and became a machine of sorts—checking wounds, bandaging the injured, taking those that could be safely moved and putting them in a well-lit area for triage. I helped him as best I could, holding gauze and instruments, carrying the wounded, and doing as much as I could to make sure we were still safe from bandits or other intruders that might try to capitalize on the pandemonium. We were quickly coated in dirt, blood and sweat, the three substances mixing to form a disgusting paste across our clothing and skin. 
	After moving what we thought was one of the last survivors, we heard someone screaming over the cacophony of the commotion. Looking around, we both spotted someone up on a hill just above what used to be a storefront. Our headlamps didn’t reach that far, but it looked like there was someone trapped underneath a rock, or some other large object on the hillside, and they had finally regained consciousness enough to scream for help. The slope leading up to the person was slippery, covered in dislodged gravel and cracks that had opened up in the rock. 
	“You stay here,” Andy said. “It’s too dangerous for both of us to try putting our weight on the rock up there, and someone needs to stay down here and watch the rest of the survivors.” 
	I wanted to argue with him, insist that we should leave the person up there because they were probably not going to survive anyway, and it wasn’t worth risking one of our lives to climb all the way up there and try to free them. But I knew that Andy wouldn’t go for that. If he saw someone in trouble, he had to try and help them, there was no way around that. It was one of the things that made me love him, but also frustrated and confused me at the same time. I simply didn’t possess that same type of emotion for strangers. The only people I had ever formed any kind of connection with were Andy, Maria, and to some extent Takeshi. 
	He found a semi-clean spot on my dirty forehead and kissed it before grabbing some medical supplies and running off towards the hillside. I watched him with trepidation, trying my best to track his progress with my headlamp, waiting to jump into action in the event that he slipped and I had to rescue him. My concentration was so intense that I was completely surprised when a bullet slammed into the fleshy part of my lower back. I put a hand to my gaping hole, looking in disbelief as blood ran across my fingertips. I didn’t even have time to look around for my assailant before another bullet clipped the base of my skull. I blacked out just before hitting the ground. 

CHAPTER 22: MOVING ON

	“And that’s the last thing I remember. The memories in between then and when Maria rescued me from the Farm are so hazy and mottled that I really can’t make much out of that whole mess,” I said. 
	Maria’s face was twisted in what looked like suppressed anger, and Andy looked like he was on the verge of tears. “I’m so sorry,” he said. “I can’t even begin to tell you how sorry I am. It was my fault. If I hadn’t insisted on trying to help people in the town, none of this would have happened.” 
	I smiled and reached across to touch his hand. “It’s not your fault that the world started falling apart. If someone had been that determined to kill or capture me, odds are we would have run into trouble at some point in time anyway. In some ways, I’m glad none of you were harmed in the process,” I said. 
	Maria cocked her head to the side. “Well, Andy was very nearly fatally injured in the process too,” she said, pausing as though waiting to see if Andy wanted to tell the story himself. 
	He sighed. “After you were shot, I slid halfway down the hill to try and save you. It was a group of government spooks dressed as bandits that shot you—I knew they weren’t bandits though. They were too clean, too cold and well spoken. You know we could all smell a spook within a ten foot radius.” He stopped, trying to compose himself, as though not saying it would erase it, make it so that it had never happened. Maria gave him a pat on the back, which was a large gesture of comfort coming from Maria. 
	“I was shot in the chest coming down the hill to try and figure out what happened to you,” he continued. “I stumbled to your body…and you had no pulse. You were lying in a pool of blood. I thought you had bled out before I could get there. I passed out next to your body, and figured we were both goners.” 
	Maria put her hand on Andy again. “You remember how Takeshi always seems to have that great sixth sense when something is going wrong?” she said. I nodded in response. 
	“Takeshi suddenly became convinced that we needed to go after you guys, and we took the remaining horse and rode followed your trail,” she continued. “As you know, what we found was exactly what Takeshi had feared. The spooks had scooped up your lifeless body, and were in the process of attempting to take Andy with them as well. We fired on them, managed to kill two, but the rest of them escaped with your body. Luckily, we were able to get to Andy before he died. Between my meager paramedic knowledge, and Takeshi’s limited field medicine skills, we were able to keep him alive long enough to regain consciousness and help us to save him. But the spooks were long gone by that time, and Andy told us that you were dead before they ran off with your body.” 
	I nodded in understanding. “It makes sense that I was shot in the back of the head—that was probably another big contributor to my motor and balance issues. Besides not actually dying, I’m pretty lucky that it didn’t take out my whole visual system,” I said, and it was weird to talk about my own body like it was a piece of meat. Having emotions was going to take some getting used to. 
	Two tears had escaped from Andy’s eyes. “We thought you were dead, but we still looked for you. I kept hoping that maybe you weren’t dead, that somehow maybe you’d survived. Maria and Takeshi thought I was crazy, lovesick and unwilling to give up the chase for your ghost. And no matter how far Maria dug into as many government systems as she could, we never found any indication of your survival,” he said. I knew from the look in his eyes that he really had never given up hope, and had never stopped waiting for me to return. 
	“That is, until a few months ago,” Maria chimed in. “I came across some data about some of the individuals being held in the government containment units known as Farms. I managed to mine out a short, grainy security video from one of the facilities in New Mexico, and it looked so much like you. Andy insisted that it was you, couldn’t be anyone else. Once we had a clue about where you might be, it was easier for me to dig out more information, and we were all convinced that it was in fact you.” 
	“Why would they bother keeping me alive?” I asked. “If they were so determined to dispose of me that they shot me in the head.” 
	“My best guess is that it was a dead or alive order at the time—the government had been suspicious of us for a long time, and someone probably directed them to get us under control, under any circumstance. I’m not sure how they ended up bringing you back to life, but once you ended up surviving, someone most likely got the brilliant idea to start rounding up scientists, holocaust style, and keep them in a holding tank in case they could prove useful in the future. We don’t have any evidence for this, but it’s highly possible that you were the first person to be subjected to living in an institution like that,” Maria said. 
“When people started to know that these places existed, the terminology of ‘The Farm’ became such a common slang that we even started to see it being used in official government literature. Publicly they claimed that they were mental facilities for those who had been driven mad by living through the apocalypse, but a growing body of people started to become aware that they were places where the government disposed of dissidents that were too dangerous to let free, but too potentially useful to kill,” Andy added. 
	Maria shifted in her seat, and I squirmed uncomfortably, thinking of how many years I had spent imprisoned like some doped up cow, waiting to see if the government could think of any use for me. 
	“We started to mount a rescue plan, but came across some difficulties. Takeshi has been responsible for a lot of far-ranging scout missions recently, which we’ll fill you in on in a minute. He’s been in and out of trouble, getting caught by homesteads, other rebel factions, and even the government a few times. I keep telling him that he’s far too visible now to go out on the missions, but he insists that anyone else would screw it up,” Maria said, sighing and shaking her head. 
“Andy was actually lucky—while out on a mission that I told him not to go on by himself,” Maria growled, shifting to glare at Andy and poke him in the shoulder.  “He got caught by a goddamn government patrol down in Tucson. We were lucky that he got stuck out in that middle-of-nowhere post where they were too stupid to figure out who he really was, or he might have been on his way to The Farm himself.” 
Andy shrugged. “It was a dumb move, but I was down there looking for specific supplies that no one else would have been able to identify,” he said. 
“That didn’t mean that you should go running off by yourself to find them,” Maria said. 
“You know as well as I do that big parties of people down in that area are far more suspicious than individuals—it wouldn’t have been safe to go in a party. Look what happened with us and the Witnesses of Mercy,” Andy retorted. 
Maria rolled her eyes. “Anyway, the point being that we had some setbacks, but once we got Takeshi back in action, we were able to mount the mission to free you, and try to get Andy back,” she said. 
“And I see that you made a Maria cyborg,” I said, raising an eyebrow, impressed and secretly wanting to take a look at the mechanics of the machine. 
Maria smiled. “Yes. The Maria cyborg was the first working prototype of a predecessor to the model that you’re currently in. She was the product of nearly two decades of research,” she said, beaming. 
I bit my lip. “I wasn’t exactly all there when we were together, but the Maria cyborg really seemed to be a neural copy of you. What about what Andy said about the psychological impact of basically having a clone of you running around? What has Takeshi thought of that?” I said, trying to sound concerned, but came off sounding more excited than anything. 
She laughed. “Well, yes, Takeshi was not thrilled, and he’s still creeped out by her, doesn’t really care for it when I try to screw with him and see if he can tell me apart from the Maria cyborg—MC as he calls her, or that fucking MC more often than not. As for the psychological impacts, that was one of the main reasons we chose me to make the neural clone from—I’ve already got a borderline personality, and having a split entity doesn’t bother me at all. Plus, I was able to more easily tailor what aspects of my personality and decision-making processes would be imprinted into the cyborg. She’s got some similar mechanics to your body now, but she’s got far more hardware than wetware, unlike you. You are essentially you, just with a largely mechanical core body, and an artificially molded, biologically grown cerebrum. The other Maria still has a hardware CPU running her personality unit, even though she has a biological shell and some other neurocybernetics wired into her. We decided to send her out into the field instead of me because one of us needed to remain behind and figure out what to do if the mission wasn’t successful. Andy’s right that traveling in large groups is a recipe for disaster in these times, unless you’re traveling in a well-established and well-armed gang, like Takeshi and his cowboys. Breaking in with a full squadron could have created a huge firestorm, and put the facility Andy was stuck in on high alert. Since we could only send out essentially one person to break into the facility and free you, the other Maria’s increased strength and resistance to physical damage was really important. Plus, she retains much of my intelligence and reasoning skills, so it was a natural choice,” she said. 
I nodded again. It was all starting to make sense. “So…what was with those two girls that were with us in the desert? My memory was defective at that point, and we were already part of the way to the jail where Andy was being held before I started being able to hold onto any sort of short-term memory,” I said. 
Andy bit his lip, and I knew he didn’t approve of what had happened, but Maria laughed again. “Oh, that riffraff. Don’t worry too much about those bitches. I picked up them up outside a homestead on the edge of Tucson. I knew we’d need a decoy, so I hacked into a database of homesteaders in the area and tried to find the most morally defunct, but also gullible set of people I could find. Those chicks had been in jail several times before for animal cruelty charges, and a slew of other particularly heinous crimes.  Some of those involved some pretty extreme animal torture, and another involved the poisoning of a small child. I needed someone to act as a decoy for those guards at the prison, so I broke into the implant database and put in warrants for their arrest for crimes that they had actually already served some time for in the past,” she said. 
I wasn’t particularly bothered by the fate of Emma and Gertrude still, but I knew that it would probably be haunting Andy for years to come, regardless of whether they deserved it or not. 
“And that pretty much brings us up to now,” Maria said. “A lot of things have changed in this world, and it will likely take some time for you to adjust to everything that’s happened. We’ll get you in front of a terminal and you can figure out some of what’s going on out there for yourself.” She stopped and smiled. “It’s just so good to have you back again. I never thought we’d all be together like this again—it’s like the old days.” 
“I’m just glad that I was able to get out of that body,” I said. “As great as it was to be reunited with you guys, I don’t think I could have survived having to live for eternity in that broken shell.” 
Andy had a faraway look in his eyes, as though envisioning what he would have done if there hadn’t been any other options for getting me out of that body. 
“Well, fortunately we don’t have to deal with that question, now do we?” Maria said. She bit her tongue and continued. “Now, we can’t just all live happily ever after now, unfortunately. As you might have guessed, things are not all as they should be.” 
Andy interjected, “We’re in a pretty good spot now—we ended up losing the lab in Jerome. There were more earthquakes after that big one, and it was structurally damaged so heavily that we had to abandon it. That, and the fact that our location was so clearly compromised. We have Takeshi to thank for helping us to get back on our feet again. He hooked back up a group of cowboy mercenaries that he used to be the leader of before they disbanded to pursue other projects. Takeshi reassumed leadership of them after the catastrophes happened, and he convinced them to band together with us in our cause. They’re the reason we’re safe right now. Neither the government, the homesteaders, The Witnesses, or any of the other religious cults or rebel factions would dare try to violate this area. All of Sedona is now protected by The Cowboys—this whole area is ours, free to roam.” 
Maria smiled proudly, “Thanks to my man. He may be an idiot, but we’d be pretty screwed without him and that crazy band of yahoos. We’d never have been able to rebuild our labs and move supplies in and out to get this place running again. We’ve got a pretty secure shelter down below that we can sequester everyone in if necessary, or if we get some fallout breezes coming through, but for the most part we’re able to live above ground again like normal people, and that wasn’t possible for a long time,” she said. 
“When I was still cognitively impaired and didn’t remember who you were, you both, I mean Andy and MC, both alluded to the fact that you need me back for some reason, that I was important. I know I was an invaluable part of our research, but was there something specific you were talking about?” I said. 
They exchanged that look again, mentally vying for who would be responsible for telling me. Maria raised both her eyebrows at Andy and he nodded his head at her. He cleared his throat, “Well, there is a big problem. The government, as you know, is a bit…misguided, and control over various areas is spotty at best. As you noticed, groups like The Witnesses of Mercy have taken over substantial chunks of land, sometimes even internationally, and even smaller factions like ourselves have formed what amounts to our own autonomous city-states. One of the biggest problems we’ve faced since the catastrophes has been the energy crisis. The destruction of more than three quarters of the nuclear power plants worldwide, and an associated war for fossil fuel has created continual problems. Various terrorist factions have stolen major portions of the remaining fossil fuels, and many supplies were lost or destroyed in the struggle. Even groups like The Witnesses, who claim to be ecological crusaders, are in fact some of the biggest traffickers of fossil fuels—remember those big gasoline-powered hogs they were chasing us with? Some areas of the world, including some states here domestically, have been essentially brought back to the dark ages, living completely without any sources of power,” he said. 
Maria cut in, as though she couldn’t stand Andy’s slow progression to the point. “We have two problems. We’ve been using some of the solar technology you helped us develop in our old lab in Jerome to develop sustainable biomechanical energy options. Because of all the climate changes and biochemical changes to the environment, plant life across the world has been dying at an alarming rate. We’re facing severe problems with oxygen production and carbon dioxide levels again if we don’t do something about it. For lack of a better term, we’ve developed bioengineered cyborg plants that we’ve secretly been able to test plant in various areas of Arizona, with the help of The Cowboys.” 
I thought of the strange, not quite natural smell that I experienced when we were leaving Mount Lemmon, and a light bulb went off. It had indeed smelled…mechanical. But not fully mechanical—there had been the scent of something bioavailable, something living. I had forgotten that it was in fact quite close to the scent of a cyborg. I knew that any of the biological components of that creation would have been Andy’s doing, and I was so proud of my husband for all that he’d achieved. 
“Much of the desert fauna in this state has been spared, and we’ve done our best to restore ecosystems to their natural habitats. These same organisms we’ve created are also instrumental in using photosynthetic processes to generate a huge amount of energy, with little or no byproducts other than oxygen. Humanoid cyborgs are also clean, self-sustaining machines, as opposed to most of the wasteful technologies of the past. The government knows that we have this machinery, even though they don’t know that we have already been using it locally. The energy war is still big business for them—one of the few ways in which they’re able to keep control over chunks of the country is by regulating and selling energy access,” she said. 
I cocked my head. “So, what does that have to do with me? We have the technology. I’m sure I could help you refine what you’ve already done, but in time I’m sure you would come to the same level of precision that I’d be able to offer. Andy’s the genius with biointegration principles, and that’s what seems to be the most important link here. I just deal with the machine side of things,” I said. Living things had always seemed mysterious to me. It’s one of the reasons Andy and I made such a good pair. 
Maria smirked. “There’s a second problem. After all of the nuclear meltdowns, it wasn’t safe for humans to reenter any of the plants—they died of radiation sickness soon afterwards. But the government didn’t want to give up on that important source of energy and societal control. That’s where the cyborgs come in. At one point after Andy nearly died, and our lab was compromised, someone got ahold of some of our research plans. The government managed to manufacture some of their own flawed cyborgs. We’ve recovered some of the models. It’s not pretty. The wetware still experiences damage from the radiation, and the artificial intelligence units still experience suffering, but they are unable to override their programming that forces them to keep running the plants,” she said. I stared at her, processing the information. 
Andy took over again.“Allowing the government to keep the nuclear plants running is causing several problems—the plants are still leaking radiation and other waste, polluting the environments around them, effectively creating hundreds of new Chernobyls. It’s also preventing the world from being forced to use clean, safer energy options. Our government has been selling this technology to other countries so that they can do the same thing. This is helping to perpetuate the power of terrorist groups worldwide, contributing to the generally unstable state of the world we’re living in today,” Andy added, and then hastily amended. “It’s not even that nuclear power in and of itself is actually such a bad thing—it’s cleaner energy than fossil fuels. The real problem is that the government is still keeping the damaged and leaking plants open, and even if they shut those down and built newer, safer plants, it’s still not a good idea. The climate has changed too drastically, and there are frequent, violent storms across most of the world. Earthquakes have become exponentially more frequent and more violent, and there just isn’t any safe way to keep any sort of nuclear facility from melting down in an inevitable disaster.” 
“MC’s not here to comment, but there’s also some gross human rights violations here. Before the catastrophe there was some legislation in process regarding A.I. and the rights of cyborgs, but all of that fell through following all of the chaos. Even if federal and state laws were actually followed in any important fashion today, it probably wouldn’t make a difference. I don’t need to tell you that at this point, but for all intents and purposes, even low-level cyborgs are sentient beings. They feel pain. They have emotions. I’m not the most sensitive of people, but even my stomach turns at the thought of so many sentient creatures being subjected to that kind of torture, day in and day out in the nuclear plants,” Maria said, her fists clenching until I could see her fingernails digging into her palms. 
	Andy looked sick just thinking about it. “We’ve tried several tactics—breaking into their databases and trying to override the cyborg programming, staging raids to forcefully free some of the enslaved cyborgs. We’ve managed to free some of them, a few of which are still residing here in this compound, but we’ve largely failed at making any significant dents. We can’t gain remote access to enough of the cyborg’s wetware interfaces to make a difference, and invading the plants directly is too risky physically to our allies,” he said. 
	And I finally got it, why they had to get me back, why I was so important to everything that was going on in the world. I could talk to the machines. I could communicate with them on a basic level, or override their programming and give them new hardwired directives that would free them of the binding algorithm they’d likely been manufactured with. I could set the cyborgs free and shut down the nuclear power plants, compelling the government to finally stop destroying our country, and forcing them to adopt ecologically sound energy sources. The terrorist groups would lose power when wide-scale access to efficient green energy options and mechanics were available to the greater public. But we wouldn’t be living in a technological dark age—on the contrary, technology would be the savior of the natural world. I envisioned a world where the biomechanical plant life revived the environment to the point where natural plant life was viable again, and the two entities lived side by side in harmony, our environment restored to a state not seen since the dawn of the industrial revolution centuries before. 
	Maria saw the look on my face, knew that I had processed the mission, and what was being asked of me. “And so you know why you are so essential. Not just to us, as our dear friend and Andy’s wife, but to the future of this country and the world. We’ve laid the foundation with our work—you will be the key to unlock its potential, and start the revolution, the path to a new future never envisioned even before the catastrophe,” she said. The look on her face bordered on euphoria, and I would have thought she was suffering from delusions of grandeur if I didn’t know her, and the potential of our research—we were just that good. 
	“We don’t have to make a move right away—we have time still to make plans, make decisions, give you a chance to acclimate to your new body,” Andy said softly, afraid somehow that I might break under the weight of all this information, all these changes, and all the pressure on me to fix the world.  
I paused to think about all this. My back had been to the bank of windows behind us, and when I turned around I was surprised to see how much further the sun had sunk it the sky. It wasn’t sunset yet, but it wouldn’t be long before I expected to see a glorious display of color against the backdrop of the spectacular red hills. 
I scanned the small chapel again, memories of my wedding to Andy, and Maria’s marriage to Takeshi flashing through my mind. Andy had convinced me to wear a white dress, even though it had seemed unnecessary and silly to me at the time. Now, with my revamped limbic system, I was filled with a sense of nostalgia, and for a moment I could envision my wrists covered with the trail of white lace from the sleeves of my gown. I remembered Andy’s eyes, shining with happiness as we said our vows in the tiny ceremony witnessed only by Maria, Takeshi, and an ordained official. This building had been pubic property then, frequented by tourists and actual churchgoers from the surrounding area. I smiled, thinking that even in all this chaos and loss, we had retained something so beautiful and personal to us.  
“Don’t worry about me,” I said, the memory of the lace and satin wedding gown fading away. “I’m happy. You rescued me, you’ve created a sanctuary for us here again in Sedona. Just having one day back with you guys, one day back in a functioning body, is more than I could have wished for. Everything else, we’ll deal with together,” I said, knowing how strange those sappy words sounded coming out of my mouth. But the feelings were real, and I meant the words. 
I saw Andy holding back tears, and he couldn’t stay away from me any longer. He stood up and came to my side of the wooden pew and hugged me hard. The wetness of his tears was cool against my neck. I cradled the back of his head with my hand and told him it was going to be okay. He’d been holding me together for so long, and it was time someone finally took care of him. 
He pulled himself together and released me. “I’ll take you home with me tonight, and we can enjoy…being normal for a bit again,” he said. “And if you’re up for it, tomorrow Maria and I can show you around the lab some more, and you can meet some of the surviving cyborgs and a few key members of Takeshi’s crew.” 
“Say, where is Takeshi?” I said, his absence suddenly conspicuous. 
Maria exhaled hard. “That dumbass was injured when we were trying to get you through Phoenix. Phoenix is still extremely dangerous. There’s tons of rival gangs, food shortages, residual radiation sickness from the plant leaks—no law and order of any sort. It’s so bad that the government declared it a lost cause and left it to rot in its own problems for the last two decades. There’s not much of the original city left. It was a damned miracle that Takeshi and MC got you guys through that, what with you and Andy out of commission. Like I’ve said, traveling in any sort of big group, especially with something as conspicuous as a goddamn wagon, is just asking for trouble,” Maria said bitterly. 
“Well, we didn’t have much choice in the matter, considering our state of disrepair. Orchid was dying, and I wasn’t doing so hot myself. Even MC agreed it was the only way to go, so you know you have come to the same conclusion,” Andy said, only a touch defensive. We both knew how secretly protective she was of Takeshi, even though she’d deny it till her last breath. 
“He going to be okay?” I asked. 
“That fool got shot with a fucking spear gun of all the damned things, and set on fire,” she said, and my eyes widened. Phoenix did sound like a no man’s land, which really wasn’t all that far off from how it had started out. 
“Andy here had to remove his spleen and some chunks of intestine. He’s got some burns on his legs that’ll probably scar once they’re fully healed, but he should be okay, right Andy?” she said. 
He nodded. “Absolutely. It was a little hairy getting back here—I don’t know what we would have done without MC to get us through the rest of the city. When we got back here it was touch and go trying to save you and Takeshi at the same time, especially when I still wasn’t doing so great myself. He’s still a little weak, but he’s been begging me to let him out of the infirmary for days so that he can come say hi to you,” he said. 
“Had to lock that bastard in the medical ward, or he would have been out there the day after his surgery trying to ride patrol,” Maria said. “He’ll be thrilled to be released. When you’re ready, he’ll probably want to accompany you and MC when you go out, just as extra security.” 
“Go out?” I said. 
Maria grinned. “The fun part. MC is going to show you how to be a cyborg. Sometimes I’m jealous of that bitch,” she said and laughed. I wasn’t sure what was stranger—the fact that Maria had a cyborg clone, or that I was now a cyborg myself. We were living in bizarre times, and a twisted part of me was exhilarated by the exciting changes. 
“Before I take you back to our house, would you like to meet some of the cyborgs, and explore some more of the underground facility?” he said. “It’s going to get dark soon, so we won’t spend too much time down there, but I was thinking you might like to meet some other members of the team.” 
I was very curious about where Andy actually lived, but I had started to think tactically again, and I did in fact want to meet some of the other individuals I might have to be working with in the coming months. As we’d all learned, a good team was the difference between life and death in these times. 

I thought about it for a minute, and shook my head. “There will be time tomorrow for that, I think. Today, I would just like to enjoy being alive and mobile again. I want to see the sunset on the red rocks again,” I said. 
Andy pat held my hands and kissed my cheek. “That is absolutely okay. Tomorrow we can go back down there. For today, I’ll give you a quick tour of our territory, and then I’ll take you home again.” 

CHAPTER 23: A HOME ON THE ROCKS

	Maria disappeared down below, and Andy led me down the winding platform to the ground below. We made a small trek down another path where there were stables, and I saw a horse that looked just like Juniper. I knew that it couldn’t really be her, but she looked like an exact replica. 
	“We’ve got an assortment of real and mechanohorses here. Some of them are closer to machines, but others are more like you—living models of real horses, or as in the case of Juniper II here, some of them are actual copies of other organisms. The real Juniper is actually still alive, but she’s too old to be in any kind of working rotation. We also have solar-powered vehicles, but the cowboys prefer the horses, and they’re less suspicious to any potential spies looking for illegal cyborg development activity,” he said. 
	“It’s just like the old days,” I said and smiled. I pat Juniper II on the head. She was soft and whinnied just like a real horse. 
	I picked a pretty Appaloosa mechanohorse that looked very similar to one of my favorite horses back in Jerome—Andy made sure that I picked a mechanohorse so that it would be able to keep up with Juniper II as we went on our whirlwind pre-dusk tour of Sedona. It was fascinating to watch the ponies in the stables—the mechanohorses and the real horses coexisted as if there were no difference between the two. This was type of cohabitation was indeed becoming ubiquitous, and I had to keep reminding myself that I was perhaps the best example of the shrinking gap between biological creatures and machines. I couldn’t wait to get my hands on some of the cyborg flora—we had come up with designs and plans for such creations, but had never been able to directly prototype them before I was kidnapped. 
	When I attempted to put my foot in a stirrup, I found that I was still clumsy in my cyborg body, and Andy had to help me mount my horse. 
	“Be careful now,” he said. “You sure you want to ride your own horse already? Your balance system’s not fully functioning yet. I could find us a car, or we could share Juniper II.” 
	I stuck my tongue out at him. “You know that horseback riding is great balance training, and if I fall, just hand me a wrench, and we’ll put me back together again,” I said. 
	“Alright, alright,” he said and mounted his horse. “If you need a break, just let me know. I can always summon a few cowboys to help us out.” 
	We took it slow at first, letting me get a sense for how my mechanohorse responded to my signals, and how my own cyborg body responded to changes in balance. It was rough at first, but I swore I could feel my body forging connections between my biological interface and my hardware, learning and adapting to the feedback, and processing the information faster than any human body would be capable of. 
	Andy saw my proficiency increasing quickly, and we sped up, moving first into a trot, and soon into a full gallop. We ran down trails full of dusty red soil, startling birds and other small critters. To either side of us there were these huge red rock formations that rose up around the path. These rock formations were famous in Sedona, and somehow they seemed to be totally intact; they had not been destroyed by the violent earthquakes. 
	The wind flowing past us was still chill, and I reminded myself to ask what season it was, because it was so wonderfully cool, and the low Tucson desert had been so blisteringly hot. We wound through a steep canyon with those high rocks surrounding us on either side for several miles, until we abruptly emerged onto a paved road. From what I remembered, it looked like the same small highway that had always run through Sedona, and I had some sense of our geographic location. Our horses’ hooves clopped loudly against the concrete, but as we sped up to unnatural speeds again, the sounds decreased, as though the mechanohorses were flying over the ground as we hurtled forward. It was exhilarating, and I marveled again at everything Maria and Andy had achieved. 
	I saw the structure in the distance off the side of the road, and we slowed our pace as we approached it. There were tall birch and oak trees surrounding the building, and the ground was littered with crispy leaves, acorns, and pieces of flaky bark. The house itself looked familiar—it was white and made of old wood, and its paint job looked like it had been meticulously maintained. We slowed to a halt in front of the porch, and I could hear the sound of water; there was a stream behind us somewhere. Water! The thought of actually touching running water was surreal at this point. 
	When we reached the porch of the building, Andy dismounted and I followed suit, but encountered a small amount of trouble—my balance really wasn’t fully stable yet, and in the process of throwing my leg off the horse, I became dizzy, tangled my feet in the stirrups, and fell to the ground. 
	“Orchid! Are you okay?” Andy shouted, running to my side. 
	I was already back on my feet before Andy got to me, dusting myself off and chuckling. “Whoops,” I said. “Still not quite one hundred percent—I’ll get there though.” 
	Andy wrapped his arms around my waist, pulling our faces close. “I know you’re not that fragile anymore, but I can’t help but worry about you—I already lost you once, then I thought I’d lost you again back in the desert. I just don’t know if I could survive losing you again,” he said softly. I touched his cheek, the red prickles of his short beard tickling my palm. Instead of saying anything back, I kissed him. I took his face in both my hands and kissed him deeply, our bodies pressed tightly, his hands moving across back and forth across my waist, as we got lost in the moment. 
	When I finally pulled away, we were both smiling, as though confirming that having me in a cyborg body hadn’t changed anything about how we felt for each other. I was more aggressive than I had been as a human, and I knew he was thinking the same thing, but was too pleased by the change to say anything about it. Sometimes, change was good. 
	He cleared his voice, as though that would clear his head as well—I thought I could see stars in his eyes, dazzled as he was by the kiss. “Well, this is home sweet home. We’re still pretty far into the safety zone, and there’s a lot of Cowboy security around this perimeter, so we’re still safe, even if we have a little more privacy away from the main compound. Sometimes, I just need space to think, and so I rehabbed this place to be my outside living quarters. Maria and Takeshi have a place back in the other direction from where we came from, closer to the Cowboy compound. We’ll take you over there tomorrow if you’re up for it. The Cowboys are an interesting bunch, and they’ve rebuilt a lot of the town in that area,” he said. 
	“Sounds like a lot of things here in Sedona are just as they were,” I said, smelling the oak trees and listening to the magical trickle of the creek behind the building. 
	He took my hand. “A lot of things have been restored,” he said, and he wasn’t just talking about the town and its former businesses. His grip softened. “One of the things Sedona is lacking now is the large influx of tourists, so I guess that’s actually an improvement in some senses. Takeshi and Maria actually ended up taking residence in one of the old hotels, if you can believe that. They have an ungodly amount of space to themselves, which is probably how Takeshi convinced Maria to live so close to all that Cowboy action—they can get pretty rowdy, as you might imagine.” 
	I had never met any of Takeshi’s old cowboy buddies, but judging from Takeshi himself, I could guess what kind of folk they would be. Having survived an apocalyptic series of events would harden anyone, and if you were already predisposed to that sort of life, I could see what sort of person that might turn out. 
	We stood in silence for a minute, looking into each other’s eyes, enjoying the smell of the oak trees and the river breeze, listening to the creek sing us small tales of life in the water. Without saying another word, Andy led me inside the building. 
It was starting to get dark as we neared sunset, and Andy flipped on the lights. I knew that everything in this area was powered by solar energy or other sustainable resources, but it was still odd somehow to see lights come on with impunity in this remote and abandoned district of the world. The house was cleanly furnished with an assortment of what would have been very antique furniture at that point in time. Lots of dark and heavy wood, velvet lined chairs, and Persian rugs on the floors. Big chunks of glowing crystals adorned many of the surfaces in the room, some of them large enough to be freestanding on the floor. I gazed at a piece of amethyst that was more than half my height, and it triggered a sudden memory. 
“This place used to be one of those new age crystal stores, didn’t it?” I said. 
“Yes, yes it did, how did you know?” Andy replied. 
“Well, you know, the strange abundance of crystals is kinda hard to miss, since I’ve never known you to be into that kind of thing. But, I actually remember this place now. We came here—we giggled at the psychics, but you bought me a piece of quartz to take home with us,” I said, turning to look him in the eyes again. He was still smiling. 
“That’s right. We came here the weekend we got married. I decided to make this place home partly because it held some good memories for me. I kept the crystals because it didn’t seem right to get rid of them, and who knows, maybe some of the ions they release are positive in some way,” he said. And it was comforting to me too, as though with every new discovery, pieces of me, pieces of my past were being put back together like jigsaw puzzle long scattered to the winds. 
There was a sliding glass door leading to a porch littered with more oak leaves. I looked at Andy and he nodded permission. I couldn’t believe myself when I actually pranced to the door and let myself out. The large backyard contained a small fountain filled with quartz crystals, which seemed superfluous next to the large creek rushing across the other end of the property. Other enormous chunks of crystal dotted the yard, and sparkled in the light of the fading sun. 
I ran to the creek and stuck my hands in the water, reveling in the sensation of the silky liquid coursing over my fingers. I laughed like a child and splashed water on my face. It was amazing—it felt as good as it had when I was in a human body, and perhaps even better. I’d grow up by the ocean, and my heart longed to see that endless expanse of water. I ran my hand over the smooth stones at the bottom of the river. On the other side of the mountain, there was another towering rock formation, and the glow of the coming sunset was beginning to fall against face of the mountain. It was so beautiful and peaceful, and I wished that I could just freeze time in this moment. I had never known what I had been missing in my human body, with that restricted affect and small range of emotions. I could see how these feelings might get in the way, but for the moment they were wonderful. 
After I was done marveling at the water and all of the fascinating emotions and senses coursing through my body, Andy led me back to a small wood and wrought iron bench that was half buried under leaves next to the fountain. The bench had an intricate jigsaw wood pattern on the backrest, and it wiggled slightly under our weight as we sat in it, but it held steady nonetheless. We sat quietly and watched a vibrant pink and purple sunset blooming against the hills. When the sun gave its last burst of color prior to sinking beneath the horizon, Andy took my hand, and we went back inside. 

It was pleasantly warm back in the house after being in the cool evening air for so long. Andy turned on some more lamps, and the place looked even cozier. As he turned on the last light on the far side of the living room, a large mirror was illuminated, and I got the first clear view of myself since the transformation. Slowly, I walked forward, raising a hand to touch my face. I kept walking until I was inches from the mirror. I looked like me, just as I had twenty years ago. Perhaps my almond-shaped eyes were a bit greener than they had been before, my long curly black hair slightly darker and glossier. My full lips seemed like they were just ever so slightly pinker than natural, but perhaps they were just reddened by the cold. I ran my index finger over the edge of them, and they were still glossy and soft despite the day of wind exposure. The green of my eyes stood out against the backdrop of the blue scrubs that I was still wearing. 
“You kept me the same age as I was before,” I said quietly. 
Andy walked softly behind me, but his feet still echoed on the old wooden floors. He put his hands on my shoulders and rested his chin between his right hand and the curve of my neck. My dark hair and the blue scrubs made his blue eyes stand out against his ruffled red hair, and our eyes almost seemed to be floating, pulsing in the mirror with intense color. 
“You never got to live those twenty years, and it was only fair that we give them back to you, at least in body,” he said. 
“And will this body age?” I asked, raising one of my dark black eyebrows. 
He sighed, rubbing my shoulders. “No. It will experience some cellular changes, but if you take care of yourself, you should repair much of the damage yourself. As you noticed with MC, you could completely change the form of your outer shell, should you need to or wish to. The real Maria is something of a recognizable figure these days, just like Takeshi and I, and it wasn’t safe to send her out looking like the real thing. But her DNA is coded into her shell, like your DNA is coded into yours, and staying in an incompatible shell for too long could cause…difficulties,” he said. 
I had visions of Jeff Goldblum in The Fly literally molting out of his own skin, and shuddered. Andy noticed and said quickly. “Don’t worry, for you, regardless of the cause, I don't think that would be a good idea—it would be too psychologically damaging.” 
I attempted to put aside thoughts of potential immortality, and what it meant that Andy was still aging, getting older with every second, and I was essentially frozen in time. I knew from earlier models that I’d designed that cyborgs would eventually experience a type of biomechanical breakdown, but if one could simply transfer to a new container before permanent neural degradation happened, it would potentially negate that issue. In the past, my studies had shown that making multiple neural copies was not a good idea—like making a copy of a copy of an old cassette tape, too many transfers could degrade the original content beyond repair. I closed my eyes and resolved to investigate these questions at another time when I actually had the equipment to find some answers myself. 
Andy stepped back, breaking our contact with the mirror, clearly wanting to save these explorations for another time too. “Are you hungry?” he said, and I froze. Hungry. That was an excellent question. I thought back to the power options we’d prototyped in the past for our cyborgs, and there had been more than a few designs that had been successful, but until I was able to log in and explore my own system, I had no idea what was going on in my own body. 
I thought about it, and I was in fact hungry. It just didn’t quite feel like the same kind of hunger that I was used to. “I think so,” I said hesitantly, and Andy couldn’t stifle his laugh. 
“Go ahead and laugh it up.” I stuck my tongue out at him. 
“Sorry,” he said. “You just have a lot of different power options, so it’s not surprising that you haven’t quite integrated your low energy/hunger signals yet. This will develop in time. So, you have three primary options to get fuel. You do in fact have a working digestive system, so you can break down food into ATP, just like any other living organism. Um, not to compare you to horses or anything, but the mechanohorses that are designed similar to your system seem to prefer this method for energy acquisition—just plain eating, like their memories of being a living creature reminds them of it. You are also able to photosynthesize via a layer of photosensitive tissue beneath your primary epidermis. It’s not as robust an ability as, say, a plant or even one of our cyborg plants. You can also store kinetic energy. When you perform a lot of start and stop motions, you are actually able to create and store some of that energy internally. 
I laughed. “Heh, just like those old hybrid cars,” I said. Good thing I still wasn’t all that sensitive, or being compared to horses and cars might have been uncomfortable for me. 
Andy rubbed his head awkwardly, and I thought I saw him blush a little. “Uh, yes, sort of like that. The least, and most crude way to power yourself would be to just jack yourself into some electricity source. I’d caution you to use that as a last ditch effort. You have so many wetware components, I can almost guarantee that would be very uncomfortable,” he said. 
“Right. Don’t stick your fingers into the light socket unless absolutely necessary,” I said. 
“Still my snarky little Orchid,” Andy said, kissing my forehead. “Just remember to keep an eye on your energy levels, especially days like today where you didn’t see a whole lot of sun, and didn’t spend much time walking around. You’ll want to be careful. Overall though, you can go for a lot longer than a human without some kind of nourishment, but just make sure to watch it, and actively take care of yourself. Technically, you are a machine now, but you are still alive.” 
I nodded my understanding, still thinking how cool it was to be bionic and able to charge myself with other sources of energy, but still able to eat and enjoy food like when I was human. Somehow, I had just assumed eating would be out of the question. I had watched MC eating carbobars while we were in wandering in the desert together, but somehow I imagined that she probably preferred other methods of charging herself. I gathered that Andy was right, for the most part though—if the machine was actually an imprint of a former living creature, like myself or Juniper, they would probably prefer to continue eating like a human would. MC was influenced by Maria’s consciousness, but she wasn’t a full copy like I was. 
That thought reminded me that my old body was in fact still somewhere underground, in the lab under the chapel, probably on infinite life support, just in case something happened to my cyborg exterior. It was creepy to think of the real me lying in a coma somewhere in the basement of a secret laboratory, waiting to be resurrected if the time came. I wondered what I would think of my old self, and I was somewhat tempted to ask to see the body. I knew Andy would object, but the idea would be stuck in my mind until I got to view my corpse.
“So,” Andy said. “How about some huevos rancheros? I’m sorry I don’t have a lot of variety to offer, since I don’t always keep a lot of food in this building, but I guarantee I will make it as tasty as possible.” 
“After not having eaten real food for twenty years, I think that anything is going to be wonderful. Huevos rancheros sounds great,” I said, remembering that Andy was in fact an excellent cook, unlike myself. Eating food cooked by me had always been an exercise in dangerous living. 
“I have another surprise for you that I think you’ll really like,” he said. “How does dinner and a movie sound?”
“Movie? You mean you still have movies being filmed in this era?” I said, my eyes wide with child-like wonder, as though I were a kid just given an invitation to a Sunday matinee and candy. 
He folded his arms. “Well, not a lot of movies are made anymore, although you’d be surprised at some of the rebel film crews and rogue media that actually gets produced and sold in some areas of the world. Los Angeles is worse off than Phoenix is, which is saying something, and Hollywood as we know it is good and dead. But, a few years ago I salvaged one of the old DVD players, and even got a few DVDS that survived over the years—these things are very valuable nowadays, so I was lucky to come into contact with them. There are some movies that have survived digitally too, but I have to say there’s something fun about doing it the old fashioned way. ” 
Movies! I had spent so much time watching movies in my former life. The idea of sitting down to dinner and a movie almost seemed like it was part of a fantasy existence that I had always wanted, but hadn’t been able to have because of my tumultuous adult lifestyle. Tears, despite my attempt to stifle them, started rolling down my cheeks. Seeming to understand that they were from emotion and happiness, and not sorrow, Andy wiped them away, and kissed me again. 

Andy made dinner, and we spent the rest of the night eating, laughing, and watching movies like we were living in a parallel universe where we came home from a day of work to make food and relax in front of a TV. Either by chance, or perhaps because he had always hoped I would come back, or they simply reminded him of me, Andy had gathered a collection of some of my favorite movies: Lord of the Rings, The Princess Bride, and ironically, Blade Runner. We laughed and held each other, joking about how poorly constructed some of the androids were in the famous film about cyborgs. I was also thankful that though we lived in a hostile environment, there weren’t any specific cyborg bounty hunters out there…at least that I knew of. I decided to just enjoy the film, and refrained from asking Andy if there was actually anything like that out there. 
When it was quite late, he asked me if I was getting tired, and it was another moment where I had to completely stop what I was doing, and think about it. 
“Yes…I think that I am,” I said. 
“You can go for days without sleep, but it’s not a good idea. You’ll start to experience system malfunctions within three to seven days, depending on other factors like how hard you’ve been working the system, and whether you’ve eaten enough, etc.,” he said. 
“Duly noted,” I said dryly. 
“You might have trouble getting yourself into sleep mode at first—it can take awhile to get used to the differences in sleep/rest cycle processes. If you cant get to sleep naturally, I can give you some medication that will help relax your biocomponents, and that should help coax the rest of the hardware into sleep mode,” he said. Truthfully, I’d had enough medication pumped into me over the past twenty years, and I wasn’t excited about the prospect of more. 

We settled down in the bedroom, and after some time between the sheets, I had no problem at all falling asleep on Andy’s warm chest. 

CHAPTER 24: BALANCING ACT

	When I woke up, I was amazed at how instantly awake and energetic I was. Andy and I spent some more time in bed confirming that my new body had rebooted just fine. He made eggs for breakfast—I was already getting better at feeling what new hunger was supposed to be like. I knew we couldn’t spend forever playing house, as much as part of me wanted to. After we showered we put on clean clothes—jeans and a red t-shirt for me, blue t-shirt for Andy. Andy was significantly taller and more muscular than I was, but he said Maria had stowed some more appropriate clothing here in anticipation of me coming over here once I was back to full-function. It was nice to wear normal clothes again. 
	When we were fed and prepared, we mounted our horses and started the journey back up to the chapel. This time it was much easier to keep my balance. It was starting to feel natural again, like I was reclaiming my years of traveling by horseback. It was warmer out today, and it was still early in the morning. It wasn’t quite uncomfortably warm yet though, and the weather was still pleasant. I thought of the blistering heat we’d trekked through down south, and shuddered internally at the thought of having to leave our peaceful valley and venture down there again. 
	When we reached the top of the chapel’s platform again, I had to blink twice to realize that I wasn’t seeing double. Maria and MC were both sitting on one of the concrete benches overlooking the vista, wearing the same tight black outfit again—classic Maria. I knew which one was MC, because she looked more peaceful, and somehow still sweeter than the real Maria. The real Maria always looked ready to beat you to a pulp in a cage-fighting match, and like it. Classic Maria, beautiful and dangerous. What most people didn’t realize was that her brain, not her body, was the truly dangerous thing. 
	“Hello darling,” Maria said as I dismounted, this time without falling on my ass. 
	“Hello there,” I said, resisting the urge to embrace her in a long hug again. I would learn how to control these new feelings and urges, but it would be no small feat. 
	“I don’t think you’ve been formally introduced to the other Maria. Orchid, meet MC,” she said. 
	“Pleasure to meet you. I’m so glad that we’re able to speak with each other normally now,” MC said. 
	Maria rolled her eyes. “Andy told her to run her friendly personality algorithm for you while you’re training because he doesn’t want to stress you out. He thinks my natural personality would be too harsh for you in this developmental state,” she said sarcastically, knowing that if anyone could handle full-strength Maria, it was me. 
	I laughed and covered my mouth. “Gee, I wonder whatever could have given him that idea,” I said. 
	“I’m glad that I will be able to assist you as a sister cyborg now,” MC said, and I remembered how believable her sincerity had been out in the desert. Even though I knew it was nothing but an algorithm overlaying her natural wetwiring, she seemed genuine, and it was still pleasant even knowing that it was only a farce. 
	“Thank you for saving my life. If it hadn’t been for you, I never would have escaped from The Farm, and I never would have survived getting through the desert,” I said. 
	“Glad to help. I think that you’re going to have fun today,” she said, and I wondered to what extent MC was able to experience fun. I would need to explore her hardware further to know how advanced her circuitry was. For all I knew, she experienced emotions just as advanced and just as real as I was experiencing, and for all intents and purposes it was even more intense than when I’d been alive. It seemed that our goal of smudging the boundary between man and machine was truly becoming real. 
	Andy escorted the horses back down to their stable at the bottom of the hill, and came back up a few minutes later. 
	“So, you make sure she’s all fueled up and ready to go?” Maria said. 
	“She seems to be doing well. We’ve eaten well, and her balance system seems to be improving already,” he said, and, thinking of a different kind of balancing we’d tried out last night and this morning, tried not to giggle.  “I’d be lying if I said that I’m not tempted to run her down below and run some tests just to be sure,” he continued. 
	Maria looked me up and down. “She looks fine, don’t subject her to anymore bullshit if she doesn’t need it,” she said. 
	“You know, I’m standing right here,” I said, putting my hands on my hips. 
	“Get over it,” she said, and winked at me. “Love you.” 
“Well, why don’t you two go get some work done down below, and Orchid and I here will go have ourselves a good time,” MC said. 
“What about Takeshi?” I said. “Didn't he want to come with us?” 
Maria scoffed. “Yeah, he would have loved to come out with you guys to run patrol today, but as soon as he stood up this morning, he was already doubling over in pain, so no playtime for Takeshi. I figured we’d spare you another day out of the lab though, and if you’re up for it tonight, we’ll air you and Takeshi out over in Cowboy Town,” she said. 
I imagined old west saloons and high noon shootouts, but figured that was just mental hyperbole. Normally the idea of carousing with a bunch of dirty cowboys would not be appealing, but now it actually sounded intriguing. My imagination was getting out of control with whisky and bar fights, women in petticoats, and old timey pianos playing in the background, and I looked forward to finding out just what lay ahead in the next section of our settlement. 
“We’re going to make Takeshi take it easy for today, but don’t worry. Maria will take him back home to rest, and we’ll let him out later on this evening if he’s doing well enough. We’ve got cowboys running patrol over these hills, even if you don’t see them—in fact if they’re doing their job well, you shouldn’t see them—and you guys will be safe as long as you stay within our territorial bounds. MC knows where these are, so it won’t be a problem,” Andy said and kissed me. “Have fun, and be safe. Don’t be afraid to stop if you aren’t feeling right. You've got an entire life to train. There’s no need to push past your limits in the first day.” 
Takeshi and Maria waved goodbye, and headed back into the chapel, presumably to go back into the lab and check on how things were running down there. I was really curious about what was going on down there, but Maria was right—I just wasn’t quite ready to leave the natural beauty of the surface and venture back into the cyber world below. I was having too much fun marveling at the natural wonders preserved in this area, and part of me did not want to test whether I had lost any of my hacker abilities. I had only just begun to plumb the depths of my new psyche, and I was secretly still afraid that parts of me might have been lost in the transfer process, even though Andy had assured me that everything had gone just as planned. 
“So,” MC said. “You ready to go?” 
“Where exactly are we headed to?” I replied, realizing that no one had actually given me any details about what we were going to be doing for the day. 
MC grinned and pointed to a big rock formation in the distance. “See that? That’s where we’re headed,” she said. 
“Oh, we probably should have had Andy leave the horses up here,” I said. 
“Oh no, we’re not riding over there. We’re running,” she said, clearly enjoying herself.
My eyes widened. “Ah. Well, that should be quite a trip,” I said at a loss for a response. Even knowing what cyborg technology was capable of, it was still difficult conceptualizing how this applied to my own body. 
“We’ll start slow, but as we go, start feeling out your circuits, try to talk to the mechanics in your legs, arms, and abdomen. We both have some biocircuitry in our peripheral systems, but as you may remember from when my leg was injured, most of it is mechanical in nature. Once you figure out how to “talk” to yourself, you’ll be amazed at some of the feats you’ll be able to achieve,” she said. I lifted my legs up and down a few times, trying to really feel out the underlying machinery. 
“Ready?” MC said, but took off at a jog before I could reply. Just like riding the horse at first, I started off unsteadily, trying to find my balance as I swayed ungracefully between my two legs with each stride. My cadence was pitifully uneven and jerky, but MC adjusted her pace so that she was just ahead of me. Slowly, she increased her speed, and soon we emerged back out on the main road that Andy and I had traveled to get to the house by the creek. We set off in the opposite direction, away from the creek, south towards the rock formation that, for lack of a better description, looked like a breast with a pointy nipple on top. Freud would have been proud, but I remembered that it used to be called Bell Rock—a much more family friendly moniker than Nipple Rock, but not nearly as entertaining. 
Once we hit the pavement, MC increased her pace significantly. It felt like shifting gears as I made a conscious effort to rev up the speed and responsiveness in my legs. It was so strange, not feeling blood pumping through my heart, or having the aching burn in my lungs as I struggled to keep up with the activity. Instead I felt a different sort of drain, telling me that I was in fact using energy, but it was completely different from the physiological response I had when running in my human body. Psychologically I kept anticipating those feelings, the burning and the aching, hitting the wall when I ran out of readily available glucose to burn. 
Those sensations never came. 
And as soon as I pushed past the mental representation of what running was supposed to feel like, I was able to push harder, let my leg mechanics know that I wanted to go faster, that systems were all running as expected. I suddenly found myself catching up to MC, and then even surpassing her in a burst of speed. The soft morning wind flowed across my face, blew my hair back, and I almost felt like I could take to the sky and fly towards the distant figure of Bell Rock in the distance. I heard MC laughing behind me, and within seconds she had increased her velocity and passed me by again. 
We continued like this, me pushing myself until I pulled ahead, intently focusing on gaining greater balance and what felt like an almost psychic connection between my cerebral unit and the rest of my body. I was witnessing the process of machine marrying biology in action, and I never would have guessed that it could feel so good, so natural. Maybe it was because I had studied these phenomena for so long. Perhaps it was because I had been trapped in a broken body. Or, maybe it was just the fact that we were running at speeds never experienced by any human, but regardless of the cause, I was feeling invincible, and not at all disturbed by my new cyborg body’s new way of functioning. 
After some time, we were running so fast that I was now keeping pace with MC, neither of us able to outrun the other. I wasn’t sure how fast we were going, but the landscape on either side was blurring, and I knew we had to be going upwards of 100 miles per hour, faster than any natural horse, and at least able to keep pace with one of the mechanohorses going at a moderate clip. Who needed a car when you could outrun some of the slower vehicles? 
Once we reached this plateau, the base of Bell Rock was quickly upon us. Maria came to a sudden stop right at the base of the first major rise, and I skidded awkwardly to a halt like an untrained ice skater before slamming into the wall of rock. There was pain in my left leg, letting me know that wasn’t the way it was supposed to work. As smart as I was supposed to be, I had forgotten simple physics in the heat of the excitement: objects in motion tend to stay in motion. 
“Ouch,” I said, rubbing the offending leg. 
MC clucked her tongue at me. “We’re going to have to work on the breaking part. You can really pull a piston if you don’t stop correctly. Remind me to have us do some short stop and go sprints before we head back to the ranch,” she said. “You okay?”
I flexed the leg a few times, verifying that it was simply warning feedback pain from the system, and not an actual injury. I nodded once I was satisfied that I hadn’t done any significant damage. Amazing, considering how fast we’d been going. 
“Alrighty then. Next step—strength training. Get ready to climb!” she said in a jubilant voice that would have never come from the real Maria. In a move that surprised me, she jumped straight up from a standing position, and grabbed onto a ledge improbably high above us. “Give it a shot!” she said, dangling from her fingertips as though it were perfectly normal to be shooting up the side of the rock like Spiderman. 
I did my best to ready my system, again trying to push aside the psychological notion that I could never jump that high. On my first attempt, I shot into the air, nearly making the height quota set by MC, but tragically missing any of the available ledge spaces. I fell back to the ground with a thud, and my still imperfect balance betrayed me, sending me sprawling flat on my ass with an audible thud. It hurt, my body letting me know that wasn’t a good thing to be doing, but not nearly as much as it would have if I’d been human. A human falling from that height would have almost certainly broken some bones. 
MC dropped back down to the ground, landing gracefully and nearly silently beside me. After helping me back up again, and confirming that I wasn’t seriously injured or anything, we went again. And again. Until I was able to repeat MC’s movements and pull myself up to the next ledge of the rock beside her. From there, she steadily increased the difficulty. We sprang from rock to rock, jumping higher, grabbing more impossible chunks of stone, like we were acrobats flipping and swinging across bars hanging high above the earth. I had a few close calls, but MC was always there to grab me before I fell off anything truly dangerous. Despite that safety net, the thrill of the danger was exciting as we traipsed over precarious sections of the rock. I knew that Andy would not have approved of doing anything so perilous, and it was good that he wasn’t able to see us in action. Maria of course would have known what MC had in mind, but knew that she could trust her avatar to keep me safe.  
The heightened importance of maintaining balance really did seem to be working out the remaining kinks in my balance system, and my rates of error were decreasing steadily, my movements gradually becoming more graceful and closer to the fluid motions that MC exhibited as we glided over the surface of the mountain. As we neared the top, I made one spectacular back flip from a ledge below to the apex of the ridge, and landed perfectly with one hand balancing me on three points on the ground. MC clapped as I stood up and brushed myself off. 
“Bravo!” she said. “You’re learning quickly—just think after one afternoon of training, and you’re already this good. You are a more advanced model than me, and I think you’ll find yourself quickly surpassing my abilities as you become more comfortable with your hardware. I know you have extraordinary programming and engineering abilities too, and when your system is stable enough you’ll be able to make modifications. I think you’ll be virtually unstoppable then.” 
I gazed out over the beautiful landscape that lay before us, the view even more spectacular from this height than it was from the ground level. It was incredible that we had run all the way here, and scaled the side of this mountain under our own power. 
“This is amazing,” I said, almost sad to know that we would have to leave this place, and also wishing that Andy was here with me to enjoy it. 
After a few more training exercises, the sun was starting to dip below the middle of the sky, and I was surprised that so much time had passed. Focusing on physical sensations had been a nice escape from worrying about everything else going on in my life. Reluctantly, MC and I made our way back down to the ground, taking many opportunities to continue my balance and strength training. When we reached the ground, without saying a word Maria took off sprinting down the road again, back towards the chapel. 
This time I didn’t have any trouble keeping up with her. 
	
	I sat inside the chapel with MC, looking out through those panes of glass out over the scenery again. It was warm sitting in the beams of sunlight, and someone had lit the dozens of candles along the sides of the room. I wondered who came up every day and lit them. From behind a panel that looked like it was made of solid wood, a door swung open, and Andy and Maria emerged. I had to hand it to Maria—it was a good design, and no one would ever suspect that there was any kind of secret passage down there. 
	When Andy got a look at me, I saw the shock in his face, even though he quickly tried to get control of his facial expression. I looked down at myself and noticed that I did indeed have a multitude of cuts and bruises to my epidermal shell, and my clothes were filthy and torn in places. I’d been so caught up in the amazing sensations of using my new body that I totally missed the fact that I’d experienced quite a bit of damage in the process. 
	“Don’t worry. She didn’t sustain any major injuries, and everything went very well—better than I expected,” MC said cheerily. 
	“Right,” Andy said, clearly biting his tongue. “Some of those will repaired by your natural healing factors, but I think a few of those cuts will require a little help on my end.” 
	There was a particularly large gash on my forearm that I guessed he was referring to. I could understand why he was upset. In a way, he was sculptor of sorts, and I’d gone and wrecked his artwork by smacking it around. Well, I wasn’t a chunk of art hanging in a museum, and he was going to have to get used to me getting dinged up now and again. 
	Maria put a hand on Andy, as though to silently tell him the same thing—she knew that I would come back in this kind of shape, probably told MC to make sure I got a real solid workout so that I would be prepared for anything that might come our way. If our journey back here from Tucson was any indication, I agreed with the need to be prepared for anything. 
	Andy sighed. “Alright, well, let’s take you below for a bit and get you fixed up, then we can think about taking the rest of the night off in Cowboy Town,” he said, unable to hide the exasperation in his voice. 
	Maria smacked him in the arm. “I said I wanted to keep her out of the dungeon for another day. Give the girl a break, just bring a suture kit with you to our house and you can fix her up there before we go hang out with the guys,” she said. 
	“I agree,” MC said. “Speaking from experience, her wounds are rather minor and shouldn’t need any sort of major care. I made sure not to let her get too beat up.” 
	I could see Andy stifling some snarky responses of his own, but he gave in when all three of us pressured him to relax and just be happy that my systems were all functioning well, and my balance mechanisms seemed to be fully calibrated thanks to the half day of intense training.
 Andy went below briefly to get some clean clothes and a few medical supplies, and we all headed back down to the stables to prepare for the journey back to Maria and Takeshi’s house. I was tempted to ask if MC and I could just run there, but I knew we’d already pushed Andy enough by getting him to keep me out of the hospital facility. 
MC said she needed to stay behind and watch some things down in the lab. I had a feeling that it was more like Takeshi was uncomfortable around her, and Maria was trying to be nice since he was still recovering from his injuries.
 After MC retreated back towards the lab, we mounted our respective mechanohorses, and headed south again. 
CHAPTER 25: WELCOME TO THE HOTEL SEDONA

	Takeshi and Maria’s house was further south of Bell Rock, in what used to be an enclave of hotels for tourists. According to Maria, all of the other hotels were still abandoned, but they had rehabbed theirs so that it was a functional living space again. 
	“We’ve got plenty of rooms,” Maria said. “So you and Andy can take a room on any floor and have some privacy.” She winked at me, and I could swear that I felt myself blushing. 
	The sign had either fallen off or they’d removed it, but it looked like it had maybe been a Best Western at one point in time, and the outside looked antiquated, but in good condition. We went in to the front lobby, and it was eerie in a way to see the abandoned front desk and the lack of any customers. It looked like they’d kept some of the original furniture and carpeting. Polyester—it never breaks down. Maria showed us up to the top floor to the master suite where she and Takeshi had apparently taken up residence in the hotel’s biggest set of rooms. 
	She unlocked the door to a fairly sizable living room area with an adjacent kitchenette that looked like it had undergone some remodeling to improve the facilities. The furniture was an interesting mix of what appeared to be old hotel furnishings, and some of the same antique collections that decorated Andy’s house. As soon as we came inside there was a shuffling and the sound of something breaking in one of the back rooms. 
	“Damn it Takeshi, I thought I told you to stay in bed!” Maria said. 
	Takeshi limped out of the room wearing a pair of sweat pants and an old t-shirt. He was hunched over a bit, clutching his stomach. Maria rushed over to him and despite her gruff attitude, she gently guided him to a nearby couch that was upholstered in turquoise velvet. 
	“Hey be careful there, you’re not quite fully healed,” Andy said. 
	“Yeah, well, whatever doesn't kill you makes you stronger, right Orchid,” he said, making eye contact with me and holding it. He was smiling, but there was a seriousness in his gaze that let me know that he understood what I’d been through, and that he was glad I was still alive. After all these years, he still maintained his curious accent that was a mix of Japanese and that polite cowboy drawl. 
	“That’s right,” I said. I walked to his side and gave him a gentle hug, wrapping my arms carefully around his shoulders and avoiding his abdomen. “Thank you for saving my life. I know that we wouldn’t have made it back without you.” 
	“My apologies for not exactly getting us back in one piece, but we were in some pretty sticky situations back there. Got a littler hairier than anticipated,” he said, wincing as he shifted and irritated his wounds. 
	“I’m not complaining,” I said, putting a hand on his. 
	His eyes widened a bit. “You’ve changed, haven’t you?” he said. 
	I laughed. “So you noticed? Just a bit,” I replied. 
	He looked me up and down, “Still look good though,” he said. 
	Maria smacked him on the back of the head. “Alright, that’s enough from you. Back to bed,” she said and turned to Andy and I. “Why don’t you guys go find a room and get yourselves cleaned up? Give Takeshi a little more time to rest, and we’ll venture out into Cowboy Town for dinner and some drinks.” 
	Drinks. I had never been a big drinker, but I wondered how my cyborg body would handle alcohol. Could cyborgs get drunk? I didn’t know enough about my own physiology to know the answer, and I felt the first strong twinge of longing to get back into that lab and do some research. 

	Andy and I headed a few floors down to where Maria said there was another fairly nice suite that we could use. We avoided the elevators because they used excess power, but Andy assured me that they actually still worked, which I thought was impressive, but it contributed to the overall ghost town effect of the building.  The carpets in the hallway were a soft Persian knockoff with a swirling plush blue and gold pattern, and I could feel the fibers squishing beneath my feet as we traversed the corridors. We went into another room on the third floor that looked very similar to the one where Maria and Takeshi were staying, only slightly smaller. I noticed it only had one adjoining bedroom instead of two, and the kitchen facilities hadn’t been improved quite as much. 
	“Why don’t you go take a shower, get some of that grime off, and then I can patch you up and we can take a rest,” he said and handed me a bag with some toiletries in it. It was almost like we really were just tourists taking a vacation in the beauty of the Sedona desert. Despite all of the activity earlier, I actually wasn’t feeling tired—on the contrary I was still feeling energized. I wondered if it was still an effect of some of the endorphins that my biological cerebrum had produced from all of the excitement, or if I had just done a really great job of charging myself from all of the stop and go acrobatics and the long period of sun exposure. In time, I hoped that I would get better at sensing my own biological processes, instead of just having to guess. For all I knew I was in some cyborg version of a runner’s high, and actually totally out of energy and about to collapse at any moment. I highly doubted that, since MC ran on a similar system, and she would have warned me about any potentially sudden system failures. 
	I took the toiletries and headed into the bedroom to the lavish shower. It was still in good repair, and the water was nice and hot. It stung some of cuts and scrapes that I’d acquired during the day, and as I inspected my naked body in the shower I realized just how banged up I’d gotten in the process of our adventures today. I’d remember to be more cautious in the future. I was curious to see how fast I would heal without any intervention from Andy, but I knew that he wouldn’t allow for that to happen. He’d have to fix me, or it would drive him crazy. 
	I spent an inordinate time luxuriating in the shower, basking in the pleasantly hot water. It felt great on my body, even though I didn’t actually have any physical muscles to be soothed by the heat. It was possible that the heat actually helped lubricate my mechanical joints, and it was giving me a similar feeling of relief. There was so much about this body that I didn’t understand yet, and so many sensations that I still didn’t know how to process cognitively. 
	The hot water showed no sign of stopping, and I had to force myself to snap out of my mental reverie and get out of the shower before Andy thought something was wrong. I toweled off, and he was waiting for me on the king-sized bed. The carpet in this room was made of another plush fiber, but it was an obnoxious shade of pink, and the bedspread had a random ugly brown, gold, and blue fleur-de-lis pattern that was made out of that coarse fabric used to be so common in hotel rooms. 
	He helped me finish toweling off, and had me sit naked on the rough bedspread. I wasn’t embarrassed for him to see my body—he had actually helped construct it in the first place, so it’s not like he hadn’t seen it all before, but there was something vaguely violating about the way he methodically checked me for wounds, rubbing antiseptic and some other salve over some of the minor cuts. 
	“Your epidermis isn’t quite the same as regular human skin—you will heal more quickly than a normal human in general, but this cream will help to seal the wounds and repair the dermis in less time. The danger of leaving your wounds open is that if they’re deep enough, you lose the protective cover of your internal mechanics, which could cause problems. You don’t want sand and things getting in there,” he said. 
	I almost laughed out loud at the image of myself as some car engine with sand in all the wrong places. But I took the message to heart—just because I wouldn’t die of blood loss or infection didn’t mean that a compromised dermal covering wasn’t a problem. I thought of MC’s stripped leg after we escaped the government folks, remembering how it became progressively harder for her to walk on it. 
	He pat me on the back, indicating that he wanted me to roll back over again. “Most of those really are pretty superficial, except this big one here on your arm,” he said, grabbing my elbow and examining the gash. I’m going to throw a few sutures in there, and you’ll probably absorb them by the end of the day.” 
	“Wow, that’s fast,” I said, extremely impressed at the advances in technology that he had pioneered. 
	He raised his eyebrows. “Thanks,” he said, taking it for the compliment that it was, clearly proud of his achievement and probably even more thrilled that it was being put to use helping his wife. 
	He set to work disinfecting and stitching together the wound. I told him that I didn’t need the anesthetic since I didn’t feel pain quite the same way as a human did anymore, but he insisted that he didn’t want to put me through anymore discomfort than necessary. When he was done tending to the injury, I was about to put clean clothes back on, when it occurred to me just how sexy both his scientific discoveries and his medical skills were. I decided that it would be a better idea for Andy to join me in nudity instead. 

CHAPTER 26: CYBORGS AND COWBOYS

	We ended up having to shower again, and since I was still feeling quite energetic we decided to entertain ourselves by wandering the halls and checking out the various states of the several hundred rooms in the large hotel. It was almost like a scavenger hunt, and I kept hoping we’d find something unusual and distinctive, like we were browsing through a time capsule, but it looked like Maria and Takeshi had done a good job of cleaning up most of the rooms in the place. 
	When the sun was beginning to sink again, the hallway lights automatically came on in the hallway, and we headed back up to Takeshi and Maria’s room to see how they were doing. I was starting to feel hungery again, so I was more than ready to venture out and explore some of this cowboy cooking that Maria and MC had both been talking about. I was thankful again for the ability to eat food, because somehow losing the ability to do something so fundamentally human, something that was part of living and socializing with other sentient beings, somehow that would have been the most tragic change psychologically. Even though I was part machine, I still retained my sense of humanity, the sense that I was still a person and not just a bucket of bolts walking around. 
	Takeshi was back up and wearing more substantial clothing—a pair of jeans, a duster, a black button-up shirt, and a cowboy hat. All he needed was a pair of cowboy boots, and he would have looked ready to hit the range and round up some cattle. 
	“I gave him some pain meds, and he seems to be doing a lot better after actually resting for the some of the afternoon,” Maria said. “I think he’s okay to go out.” 
She looked at Takeshi, narrowing her eyes. “Just no wild carousing with your buddies, or drinking games, or riding contests, or I swear I’ll tie you to the bed for the rest of the month, and not in the fun Las Vegas way,” she said. 
	“Yes ma’am,” Takeshi said obediently, but the mischievous gleam in his eyes said that he would have no qualms about disobeying this suggestion. As much as it drove Maria crazy, Takeshi’s indefatigable sense of independence had always been something that I secretly admired. 
	“Let’s go get ourselves some fucking cowboy chow and whisky,” Maria said. 

	It turned out that we were actually right in the heart of Cowboy Town already, and some of the buildings across the wide street were actually thriving businesses catering to the massive amount of Cowboys that lived in various places among these hills, guarding the sanctuary. As we got closer to a long wooden building across the street and a few paces south from the hotel, I could suddenly hear the noise. What I assumed was a combination of real and mechanohorses were whinnying and snorting behind the building, and a low, but increasingly loud jumble of voices were talking over the music of an old jangling piano. Holy shit, it really was like we were about to walk into an Old West saloon. 
	This sense did not lesson as we opened the solid wooden door, and entered the building. There had to have been nearly fifty Cowboys, all dressed similarly to Takeshi in traditional range riding garb, in various states of cleanliness and general repair. Some looked like they’d spruced themselves up in hopes of perhaps finding a lady to take home for the night, and others looked like they’d been riding the range for a month without access to a shower. As soon as we walked in, someone whistled and shushed until the music stopped, and the noise died down. 
	A man in black cowboy hat with a full handlebar mustache and muttonchops raised a large glass of what I assumed was beer or alcohol of some sort. “Hey everyone! Look who’s back! Our fearless leader! Give him a hand!” 
	The room erupted into a cacophony of cheers, clapping, and whistling. Takeshi gingerly bowed, wincing a bit with the motion, but trying to hide it. The Cowboys probably missed the flinch, but Maria did not. 
	She threw up her hands and gave another shrill whistle. “Alright, alright, quiet down!” she yelled. “Thanks for the warm welcome, but if I catch any of you guys feeding him booze, or otherwise aggravating his injuries, you’re gunna have to tangle with me, got it?” 
	There was a low murmur of  “Ayes” and “ Yes ma’ams.” 
“You guys hungry?” The same man with the handlebar mustache said. 
“Damned right we are! I been eating hospital wing food for the last two weeks. I’m ready for some real food!” Takeshi yelled. 
There was some more whooping and hollering from the boys. 
“So, big round of steaks for everyone?” the man said. 
“You know it, Wyatt!” Takeshi called back. 
I looked at Takeshi. “Are you serious? Wyatt? As in Earp?” I said. 
He shrugged. “Well, it’s not his real name, but everyone calls him that. Lotta these guys have nicknames. Not all of them make sense—at least this one does!” he said jovially, bubbling over with the high of being around all his buddies for the first time since he’d been injured. Even I could feel the camaraderie flooding the room, and it brought a smile to my face. These boys risked their lives for each other, and they were in fact the reason why we were able to have this sanctuary. Without The Cowboys, the underground facility wouldn’t have been possible. And I would have been trapped in my worthless hunk of corpse. I truly owed a huge debt to them all. 
The Cowboys parted like water for us as we walked further into the saloon, and open seating appeared at a bench near the bar. 
“So, wait. I’ve been meaning to ask, but where is all this food coming from? People are still raising cows?” I said after we’d spread ourselves at one of the long wooden tables. 
The noise curtain of voices returned, the piano playing resumed, and I struggled to hear Andy’s reply. 
“There aren’t many people actually raising farm animals nowadays. Too many logical problems with territory disputes, and so many contaminated lands, though there are some people still raising animals out there. We have some chickens on our land here, but we don’t eat them. We just use the eggs and continue to grow the flock. We’ve also got some pretty robust farms going on out here, despite the area not being optimized for agriculture. We’ve also been successful in trading with some of the saner homesteads. The meat is cloned beef—lab reconstituted proteins. I think you’ll find that it tastes very similar to the real thing. And even better, nothing had to die for it,” he said. 
I bowed my head slightly. “I’m impressed. You guys and The Cowboys have really made a home for yourselves out here. This is wonderful,” I said. 
“Well, getting back the meat was one of the best things to happen to the cowboys. It was a real morale booster for everyone. We’re probably one of the only places in the country where you can get this kind of stuff. It’s so hard to get any normal crops or animals to thrive out there. Most people are getting by on food substitutes—corn and soybeans protein/carb blobs leftover from the huge government surpluses of the last millennium. It really is paradise here,” Takeshi said and smiled. I wasn’t about to disagree with him. 
I found myself swaying to the jangly piano music, enjoying the noise and companionship—something that would have never happened before. I would have been curled up in a ball in the corner, or maybe even banging my head against the wall and rocking myself if it got really bad. Now I smiled away and hummed along, glad to share in the instant kinship with The Cowboys and their jocular ways. 
“This might be a dumb question,” I said. “But are there any cow…girls?” 
The group was distinctly masculine in nature—even the bartenders were male. I had yet to see any of the ladies that some of the men looked like they may have cleaned themselves up to court. 
“Oh for sure,” Takeshi said. “Some of them do help out with our agricultural projects, but most of them are out riding missions. Most of them have better tactical skills than these here boys, so the leader of any given party is usually a woman.” He winked at Maria. 
“Well, it’s easier to plan when you’re using your head, not your dick to do the thinking,” she said. 
Wyatt lumbered his way across the room and systematically dumped steaming plates filled with giant hunks of steak, corn, and baked potatoes on our table. 
“Eat up boys! Oh, uh, and girls,” he said after catching Maria’s glare. 
Takeshi dug into his food with gusto, hardly chewing anything before swallowing, and Maria kicked him in the leg. “Your insides are going to explode, you moron,” she said, which only caused Takeshi to slow down marginally. 
The food really was delicious, and I joined everyone in wolfing it down. The steak was perfectly cooked, and I couldn’t tell the difference between it and the real thing. I’d never been really big on eating meat, but there was no denying how succulent the steak was. 
“Can’t let you have all that and not wash it down with something,” Wyatt said as he returned with his large hands full of frosty mugs of pale liquid that I assumed was beer, and another bottle of something darker. He slid everything across the table in our various directions. 
“Drink up!” he said in his big voice that boomed out over the noise of the crowd. 
Takeshi moved to take a mug and Maria slapped his hand. 
“You’re no fun,” he said petulantly, but went back to working on his steak in earnest.
I looked at Andy with a raised eyebrow. 
“Oh yeah, you’re fine to drink alcohol. Go slow, though. Most cyborgs with digestive systems seem to process alcohol more slowly than typical humans, but you never really know. You are more human-like than any other cyborg. Your chemistry is unique, and one drink might send you stumbling down the road without your pants, for all I know,” he said. 
“I do have one fine cyborg ass,” I said, sticking out my tongue. 
Andy burst out laughing. “You definitely have a point,” he said, and pushed a glass of beer my way. “I have to say I’m a bit curious myself. Give it a go if you feel like it.” 
“Where exactly is all this coming from?” I said. 
“Darlin, even if the world was coming to an end, people would figure out how to make booze. We brew the beer and whiskey here on the compound. Occasionally we have to choose some unusual things to ferment when we run low on the real deal, which gets interesting, but hey, it’s better than nothing,” Takeshi said. He picked up a mug of the beer and the bottle of whiskey and smelled them. “Hey, we’re in luck! This smells like the real deal here.” 
I picked up my beer. “Bottoms up,” I said with a short cheers to the air.

It turned out that my particular cyborg configuration did in fact process alcohol more slowly. At first. This ended up prompting the cowboys in the bar to start goading me slowly into a drinking contest. I could hardly believe it myself, and even Maria and Andy were amused when I became embroiled in a series of elaborate drinking games. Pretty soon they were all cheering me on against the rival Cowboys, and we had run out of whiskey. Several large cloudy bottles of what appeared to be badly fermented tequila came out to keep the action going. I’m sure it tasted horrible, but at that point everything had lost its flavor, and even the burning sensation had decreased. 
My Cowboy opponents were stumbling and slurring, and I sat there calm as could be, perfectly sober and in control. I downed the last shot of the sketchy tequila and slammed the glass down on the heavy wooden table with proud resolve. Takeshi, Maria, and Andy cheered along with the rest of the Cowboys who were impressed with my ability to hold liquor. I wasn’t sure how many of them knew I was a cyborg, but I didn’t think that anyone actually cared. They were just happy to be caught up in the spirit of the competition, and any Cowboy able to stand up picked sides and rooted for their team. 
When I was the last person standing, everyone in the establishment, even those that had been rooting for the other boys, stood up and applauded me. Everyone was laughing and whooping, clapping me on the back. I knew that this camaraderie was part of the reason why they were so effective in everything they did. It was the closest I’d ever felt to being part of a family beyond Maria, Andy, and Takeshi, and it felt great. 
And then the alcohol hit. I’d been drunk before, I was sure of it, but alcohol had never really been my thing, and I couldn’t think of a time when I’d just been outright shitfaced. I immediately started to fall over and Takeshi made a grab for me. He winced as my weight aggravated his injury, and Andy stepped in to guide me back down to the wooden bench. 
“I guess you’re not immune to alcohol either—looks like you just have a delayed onset before you start metabolizing the active compounds. I’ll remember that for future medication purposes,” Andy said in an objective scientific tone, as though his wife wasn’t sitting in front of a room full of men, three sheets to the wind. 
“I guess not,” I said slowly, not sure how much of it came out as intelligible words. My sudden inebriation only served to rev the crowd up some more, and I passed out with a smile on my face and the sound of laughing, celebration, and more of the jangly piano music in my ears. 

I woke up the next morning, naked on top of that scratchy brown bedspread. My head was pounding. 
“Aw man, you mean that I still get hung over even as a cyborg?” I said, not seeing Andy but knowing he had to be around there somewhere. 
“You know how much all that steel and titanium in your skeleton weighs when you’re not able to move yourself?” he said from somewhere behind me. “Enough to need ten Cowboys to help carry you home.” 
“Don’t you know that you’re not supposed to tease a woman about her weight,” I retorted. 
I saw him sit on the bed beside me out of the corner of my eye. He put a cold compress on my head and I groaned. “On the bright side, judging from how much you drank, you had enough to put a normal person in the grave, so you’re doing pretty well considering.” His tone was teasing, not angry. I tried to come up with another suitably sarcastic response, but was distracted by my raging headache. 
“I’m sorry sweetheart, I shouldn’t harass you so much. I encouraged you to experiment last night,” he said and kissed the tip of my nose. “It wasn’t that bad though—kind of like the college years we never had, right?”
I laughed even though it hurt. “Yeah, I think we’re owed that at least. Next time, we’re getting you wasted on Cowboy moonshine,” I said. 
“Deal. On the bright side, you made a lot of friends last night, and they’ll be even more dedicated to helping protect you in the future, which is going to be really important,” he said. 
I sighed. “I’ll take all the help I can get,” I said. 
“So you’ve got enough toxins in your system that I think if we tried to let you process them out naturally, it would take a hell of a long time. Care to take a wagon ride back to the ranch?”
CHAPTER 27: A TIME TO HACK

	I was treated to another wagon ride back to the chapel, only this time Takeshi accompanied me in the back of the wagon. He wasn’t doing the greatest after the long night of fun with the Cowboys either, even though Maria had kept him from drinking. I made some cracks about him being lucky to have Maria policing him, or he’d be in really bad shape. I felt every bump and jostle of the wagon in my pulsing head, and I couldn’t wait for the ride to be over. 
	I tried to forget the less than comfortable trip to the chapel and down into the laboratory below, where both Andy and MC helped me navigate a short set of stark, aluminum lined corridors down to the infirmary. Maria went down another wing to one of the other hospital rooms with Takeshi to let him rest further. He had complained the whole way about not wanting to leave the hotel, but Maria was convinced that if left alone, he would end up gallivanting around with his buddies again, and not actively resting at all. Andy claimed that we could both use rest and fluids, so back into the dungeon we went. I wasn’t exactly in the best of shape to be resisting again anyway, and if it would stop the pounding in my head, I was willing to try anything.
MC offered to carry me, but I declined, stubbornly insisting that I walk my ass down to the clinic. Since I had done this to myself, I had an appropriate amount of shame regarding the situation. But even if I hurt like hell, it had been damned fun, and I didn’t regret any of it. 
Andy laid me down in a sterile white hospital bed, and I tried my best to tune out as he went about poking and prodding me, hooking up an IV, taking blood, injecting me with god knows what. I made faces at him with every poke, but within twenty minutes I was already feeling better. 
“So, how exactly is this working?” I said, jiggling one of my arms that had three IVs hanging out of it. 
“There are enough vascular connections within your dermal covering that make connections with your biologically intact digestive system that eventually make contact with your cerebral matter—which is how you got drunk in the first place. It’ll take awhile for it to really sink in, and I have to bolus you with really large amounts of properly balanced saline, but it seems to be helping already,” he said, and I didn’t have the energy to really think about the science behind everything he was saying. I just mumbled my understanding. 
“Alright, now you need to rest, let those fluids circulate and flush some of that rotgut out. I’m going to turn off the lights and come check on you in a little bit after I see how Takeshi is doing,” he said. 
I moaned something approximating agreement as the room went dim, and he kissed me goodbye. Sleeping again sounded like an excellent idea now that I wasn’t in excruciating pain, and I dozed off within ten minutes. 
	
	I woke up feeling like a new woman, like nothing had happened, and I didn’t know what to thank more, Andy or my cyborg body. I sat up and stretched, and the lights turned on. It was Maria, not Andy, which surprised me. 
	“Andy’s upstairs rounding up some of the test cyborgs that you’ll need to work with,” she said, knowing how odd it was to not have Andy glued to my side. 
	She looked up at my empty IV bags. “You feelin’ good?” she asked. 
	“Yeah, feeling back to normal, as it were. Or as normal as I’ll ever get now,” I said. 
	She nodded. “Andy said we could pull all this shit off you if you’re doing okay. It’s almost too bad we set you up in this super bio-based cyborg system. I think in general MC is a little more durable than you, but there are other benefits to your body, even if it’s more vulnerable to human foibles,” she said. 
	“It’s nice retaining all of my human sensations, and then some,” I said. 
	“You wanna hang out for awhile, maybe take a tour of this place before we get down to business,” she said. 
	“Any chance I could score another shower? I can still smell whiskey and bootleg tequila in my pores,” I said. 
	Maria wrinkled her nose. “Yeah. You got it,” she said. 

	Maria led me to another area of the compound that held a hive-like cluster of bedrooms. Some were attached to living rooms and kitchens, others were small dorm rooms, more Spartan in nature. She told me they were visiting cowboys, wounded people that were recovered enough to leave the infirmary, but not well enough to go back to full duty. Andy, Maria, and Takeshi would also stay there when research was too pressing to leave, or when they were under attack from outsiders. She left me inside a fairly spacious one that was supposedly Andy’s. The room actually smelled like him, and it was nice to remember that I retained most of my other sensory talents. 
I took another long blissful shower, after which Maria showed up with a sandwich and some more clean clothes for me to wear. She said that the first cyborg I was supposed to meet hadn’t quite settled down enough yet, whatever that meant, so she took me on a tour of the rest of the compound. 
I’d already seen most of the infirmary and the living quarters, but we walked through the remainder of the two floors before we took an elevator down to the third level—the lab floor. I could have spent ages down there, playing with room after room of super computers, huge monitors, engineering equipment, microscopes, and vats of growing tissue. 
“There’s more,” she said. “This floor is massive. But don’t worry; we’ll spend some more time back down here later. I think we can head back up to the common area now,” she said. 
With not a small amount of reluctance I stopped stroking the keyboard of what I knew to be an extremely powerful computer, and reluctantly followed Maria back to the elevators. 

We stepped off the elevator into a wide, open common room covered in short, dark blue industrial carpeting, and an incredibly tall ceiling, given that it was the first of several underground floors. The walls were a lighter blue shade, and there were circular orange leather seats surrounding circular black leather tables scattered about the big open room. Some of the tables had chess sets, cards, or other games on them. There was an open doorway at one end that led to what looked like a fairly sizable communal kitchen. On the opposite wall there was a huge screen that took up most of the wall, and a juvenile sense of joy overcame me when I thought of watching movies again on such a big screen. 
“Welcome to the blue room,” Maria said. “Our miscellaneous hangout area, tactical planning room, and relaxation tank. It’s a good place for us to chill and let the Cowboys and cyborgs bond with each other too, forge fellowship across the ranks.”
At the far end of the room, across from the elevator there were two people talking animatedly and playing a game of cards. Maria grabbed my arm and led me over to them. One was a petite female with short curly black hair. I knew from her clothes that she was a Cowboy…girl. I was going to stick with cowboys as a generic term, at least mentally to avoid confusion. How sexist of me. 
The man was obviously a cyborg. He was less humanoid than MC, and far more mechanical than either of us. I could smell the steel and oil from here. But he still had a realistic dermal shell, and seemed to be interacting appropriately with the cowgirl. Damn it, gender specific terminology for a group of people was just plain inconvenient. The man had a darker complexion and long black hair held back in a ponytail. 
“Orchid, this is Calamity Jane, and this is Rolando,” Maria said, gesturing to the cowgirl and the cyborg, respectively. 
I whipped my head to glare at her. “Calamity Jane?” I said. 
The petite cowgirl smacked her cards down on the table and shoved her circular chair out behind her. Since the entire chair made contact with the carpet, the effect was silent and not nearly as dramatic as I’m sure she’d intended. She was even shorter than I thought, standing somewhere below five feet high. 
“You got a problem with my name?” she said. 
I shook my head calmly and put my hands up in a surrendering gesture. “No, I’m just not used to the whole Cowboy nickname thing,” I said, waiting for her to correct me about the Cowboy part. On second thought, I thought for a moment that I had been mistaken in assuming that she was a Cowboy. She had twin apparatuses attached to either side of her head—they were black and they had blended into her hair at first glance. It looked like some kind of implanted technology or some other kind of peripheral port. I couldn't help but stare, wondering what was going on. 
	“Well my name really is Jane, so you can call me that if you’d like. Some people just call me Calamity because I’m small in stature, big in disaster,” she said, suddenly cheerful and slapping me on the back—the low back because that’s where she came up to on me.
	“Nice to meet you Jane…I suppose I’ll just have to wait until I witness you in action to decide if I should switch to calling you Calamity,” I said, hoping that my lame joke didn’t rub her the wrong way. This whole being social and talking to people thing was still new to me, and I had no idea how to navigate these situations correctly. 
Her face sobered and went back to her prior aggravated expression, and I knew that I had blown it. “And you can quit staring at me, asshole. I’m not a friggin cyborg like everyone thinks. I was fucking born deaf, and these are cochlear implants so I can hear normally. Old world technology,” she said, pointing at the implants with both of her thumbs. 
	“Sorry,” I muttered clumsily. “I’m just always curious about machinery.” 
	The real cyborg stood up hastily, half blocking Jane with his body, and shook hands with me. “Rolando. Just Rolando,” he said with a friendly smile. On second examination he was pretty good—if I hadn’t been an expert on cyborgs I might not have noticed that he wasn't actually human. 
	“Nice to meet you Rolando,” I said, glad for the rescue. 
	Maria pulled up two more round orange chairs for us, and we all sat back down around the table. “So, as I’m sure you’ve noticed, Rolando is a cyborg. He’s one of the few that we were able to rescue from the nuclear plants that has actually survived long term. He’s very lucky to be alive,” she said. 
	“I’ve got Jane here to thank for getting me out of there in the first place, and your husband Andy to thank for making sure I didn’t die,” Rolando said. “I was extremely sick with radiation poisoning by the time they got me out of there. Most of the cyborgs being used by the government are like me—a lot of mirror clones with enough wetware to give us significant AI to operate complicated equipment, and still have human-like decision making processes and flexible thinking patterns. Of course that means we have to be replaced more frequently, because eventually we die from exposure to the impaired nuclear cores.” 
I put a hand on his, feeling a sudden sympathy for the man. “I can totally understand that situation, as you might imagine,” I said, assuming that someone had brought him up to date about me, and how I’d ended up here finally. I got the feeling word traveled fast in this small community of theirs. 
	“That ain’t all you guys got in common. Rolando here’s married to a human, just like you,” Jane said. 
	“Oh really?” I said, finally understanding their relationship. “Congratulations.” 
Now I really wanted to know what was going on with Rolando’s design, and in particular with his AI system. I assumed he had to have a fair amount humanoid emotions to both have the desire to marry a human, and to convince one to marry him in the first place.  Touching his hand briefly had given me a small idea of what kind of processing was going on inside of him. I knew that if nothing else, he was definitely not one of ours. There were just some things about his overall construction that were just a bit shoddy. He had visible input/output ports at both his wrists, and at the base of his skull, which I could see even behind the mass of his ponytail. It was clear that some of our signature design elements had been utilized—there was no question that Rolando’s realistic dermal shell had been based off one of our earlier designs, but there was definitely finesse lacking in the details. Despite that, he we was a handsome cyborg, and I could understand why Calamity Jane would be attracted to him. 
	“So,” Maria said. “We have been successful in getting some of Rolando’s coercion algorithms erased temporarily. At least when he’s outside the direct influence of ordinance broadcasts, he is fine, and he remains autonomous and sentient. However, none of us have been able to crack the core coercion application and erase it all together. If he were to get to too close to one of the plants again, he would fall back into total brainwashing again,” she said. 
	“I’ve tried to erase the directive myself,” Rolando said. “I’m a cruder version of a mirror clone, like MC. My neural imprinting actually came from a hacker, so I know my way around my own hardware. Whatever they’ve done, they’ve done it well. I’ve heard that you might be the only one able to help break the code and fix my AI drive.” 
	“He’s also got a significant gambling problem,” Jane said, holding up a deck of cards. “I indulge him in harmless games because he can’t help the compulsion, but if I leave him alone too long, I’ll find him neck deep in trouble and debt down in one of the Cowboy saloons. Those boys know that I’ll shoot ‘em in the foot if I catch them gambling with Rolando, but they can’t seem to help themselves either.” 
	“There’s been more than one cowboy down in the infirmary with a bullet in the foot. She ain’t kidding,” Maria said. My eyes widened—I’d remember that Jane wasn’t one to go back on her word. 
	“That’s interesting. Before I was kidnapped I don’t think we’d developed AI systems complex enough to develop behavioral problems like that,” I said. 
	“Part of it’s likely from the incomplete mirror cloning. It leaves cyborgs more prone to having human errors, like emotional and behavioral problems. Believe it or not, but MC sometimes suffers from depression and we have to go in and tweak some of her subroutines. In Rolando’s case, it seems that we corrupted something in breaking the original directive that made him stay at the plant. Somehow, we tripped a compulsive gambling loop that none of us have been able to break,” Maria said. 
	Rolando shrugged and put his hands up, as though to say it’s not my fault, but I’m still a little embarrassed about it. 
	“So. Your job is to fix my husband,” Jane said, staring at me with a look that said fix my husband, or else I’ll shoot you in the foot.
	I shifted my weight between my feet. “Uh, yes of course, I’ll do whatever I can. To be honest though, I haven’t done any hacking since being transferred to this cyborg body,” I said. 
	Maria smacked me in the leg. “Hey now, don’t go being all modest now. You’re the best hacker I’ve ever known. You can do this. This is Jane’s husband we’re talking about. Don’t go making her worry,” she said, glaring at me as though I needed another warning about Jane’s tendency to shoot first and ask questions later. 
	I turned back to Rolando. “So, what can you tell me about your operating system, what you know of the problem, and what’s going on with the rest of the imprisoned cyborgs,” I said. 
	Rolando proceeded to share with me a detailed layout of his specs and processing capabilities, and when he was done, I knew more about how he operated than I did about myself. He launched into a description of the demographic of the cyborgs at the various nuclear power plants scattered across the damaged facilities in the United States. As he said, most of them were of a similar design to himself, with only a few lower-level, fully mechanical borgs scattered here and there. They weren’t really a problem, as there were too few of them, and they weren’t sophisticated enough on their own to keep the plants up and running. 
	“So basically, if you are able to figure out how to break my slave encryption, then we just need to hack into the main system and change the code for all of the cyborgs. Once that happens there will be an almost immediate shutdown of the plants. Even if they were to rebuild enough cyborgs to get everything up and running again, it would be too late. We’ll have distributed our own power systems to communities across the country, and there will be no need for their dirty energy anymore,” Rolando said and stopped, avoiding Maria and Jane’s gaze and making hard eye contact with me. 
	“So the big problem,” he continued. “Is that I do not think there will be any way for you to break into the compound remotely. The government isn’t exactly smart, but they do have one big benefit. They have Malcolm.” 
	“Malcolm?” I said, scanning my mind for anyone I had known by that name. A tiny seed of memory sprouted. I leaned forward. “Oh, my. Is this perhaps the same Malcolm that had just joined our division when we defected,” I said. 
	“The one and only,” Maria said. “I spent a little more time with him than you guys did since I was recruited earlier than you guys were, and I spent more time in the engineering division. Malcolm’s always been a weasely little fucker. The DoD kept him on as a flunky because all of his personality tests indicated that he really is dedicated to their goddamn cause. It’s unfortunate because he’s actually got some marginal amount of talent as both an engineer and a hacker. It’s his fault we can’t crack the system. But he’s not actually that smart—he’s a true hacker in that he just pastes shit together made by other people. He doesn’t actually understand half of what he’s doing, which is why the government’s whole system is flawed. I know you can kick his ass,” she said with extra venom, and I knew the fact that she hadn’t been able to break his code alone had been eating away at her, probably for years now. “I wished I’d killed him when I had the chance.” 
	“His virtual presence actually floats around the system itself, so it’s possible you might end up having to go head to head with him, as it were,” Rolando said. “He might not be that smart, but he is devious and crafty. Don’t underestimate him, or he could actually burn your system. It’s not the most efficient way of doing things, but because we don’t want to tip off Malcolm, I’d suggest that if you’re able to break my code, we trust it will work when we go live on the whole cyborg net. We may only get one shot to try and infiltrate their system before Malcolm locks it down tight. That was one of our problems before. Maria almost got it once, but as soon as Malcolm found out, he fried our computers and locked his end down tight, shoring up the security holes.”
	“So…if I manage to fix you, then we physically go to one of the power plants and attempt to break into the system from there?” I said. 
	“Yes. Directly hacking in from a local access point should help us get around the shields he’s put in place,” he said. 
	“But…what about the radiation,” I said. 
	Rolando looked at Maria, not wanting the burden of delivering the news himself, but she nodded at him lifted her chin in his direction.  
	He sighed, continuing even though he didn’t want to. “There is definitely going to be some risk to you and anyone that accompanies you on the mission. Wearing radiation suits will provide a certain amount of protection for a limited amount of time, and being a cyborg will buy you a good amount of time too, although since you’re more wetware-based than any of us, you’ll likely be more susceptible to radiation. I actually don’t know how long you’ll have before you risk permanent injury or system failures,” he said reluctantly. 
	“We’ll have to ask Andy about that,” I said and then paused. “Say, where is Andy?” He had been gone for several hours now, which was odd given how closely he’d been clinging to my side. 
	Maria put a hand on my shoulder. “He’s downstairs resting. I told him I’d pull a Jane on him if he didn’t take it easy this afternoon. He was limping around like an idiot this morning. You know that leg of his isn’t back to normal yet, and he needs IV antibiotics that he hasn’t been giving himself. Fucker’s leg was going to fall off if he didn’t get on that, ” she said. “He’s on lockdown until he gets those antibiotics and some rest into his system.” 
	I slapped myself on the forehead. “I’m a moron. Of course he’s still hurt. Fuck, I’m such a self-centered asshole,” I said. 
	“Don’t beat yourself up too much. You’ve kind of had a big few weeks, what with escaping a twenty year imprisonment, almost dying several times from some pretty gnarly injuries, and you know, losing your corporeal body and becoming a cyborg,” she said. 
	She did have a point, but I still felt like an asshole, not realizing the kind of pain, both physical and emotional, that Andy had probably been pushing through this whole time. 
	“So,” Jane said, putting away the deck of cards. “Why don’t you haul my husband downstairs and see if you can finally fix this bucket of bolts?”
	Rolando glared at her but didn’t say anything. 
	I sighed, not entirely happy with the burden sitting on my shoulders. Before I wouldn’t have been fazed by any of this, but having emotions and concern for others really was draining. How inconvenient. However, when I thought of getting my hands on a computer, especially the nice array of supercomputers I saw before, and getting to dig around in Rolando’s system I almost drooled in anticipation. The emotional part of me was disgusted by this zeal for basically violating another sentient being’s mind and body, but in the end the cold, curious scientist in me won out. 
	“Yeah. Let’s do this thing,” I said. 

CHAPTER 28: ONES AND ZEROES

I had my pick of several labs to hunker down in, and I chose one with what looked like some of the most sophisticated computational hardware. I wasn’t positive, but it looked like it might have been one of rooms that I’d been in when Andy had been nursing me back to health and preparing me for the body transfer. I would have asked him, but Maria said that she had quarantined him to an infirmary room for the remainder of the day, on threat of further bodily harm from her and Jane—Jane didn’t want anyone, even Andy, disturbing me while I worked on her husband. She was pacing the halls somewhere outside, presumably armed. 
Maria was nearby in another lab, watching for alarms and monitors in the event that anything happened to me, Rolando, or our security net. The newly emotional me was somewhat worried about this arrangement at first, the sound of Jane’s echoing footsteps rattling my concentration. I had Rolando lying on a metal slab on the right side of the room. It had felt invasive, violating, but I had jacked directly into all three of his input/output ports—one in each of his wrists, and the other large bore port at the base of his head. I could have used another method, like an electrode cap or other similar method, which is what you’d have to do with someone like me, a cyborg without any direct ports, but the connection wouldn’t have been as fast, efficient, or accurate. There were some definite advantages to remaining more machine-like, but I still felt disrespectful infiltrating Rolando like that. Damn emotions.  
But once I put my fingers to that keyboard, everything else faded away. Rolando assured me that he didn’t mind the interface arrangement, and that he was confident in my abilities. I soon forgot about any of my other concerns, as I melded with the computers as never before. Maybe it was because I was part machine myself now, but I really felt one with the system, and my fingers danced over the keyboard, effortlessly navigating the new system. 
I put Rolando into sleep mode so that he wouldn't experience the wrenching horror of me literally breaking his mind into little bits of code, shredding through his memories and his deepest programming commands. I took him apart piece by piece, visualizing him down to his computational DNA, simultaneously marveling at the structure of his software/wetware interface, and wanting to repair the flaws in his design. But that wasn’t what we were here to do. 
I dug into him, searching for the problem, and I knew I was getting close to his very core, the bottom of his operating system. No wonder they had so much difficulty erasing his coercion application. This was going to be tricky, and dangerous to do without effectively murdering Rolando. Before trying to erase the application, I tried to hack into it to get a better feel for what was inside it, but I suddenly found myself lost. 
I stopped, shook my head, closed my eyes and tried to regroup mentally. The code I was looking at just didn’t make any sense. That never happened. All code, all machinery made sense to me. But something was wrong. I was staring at code that I couldn’t parse for the life of me. I was overcome with frustration, and then with anger. I punched the keys hard, scrolling through the applications, moving back and forth out of files and directories, trying to make sense of the monster beast lurking deep in Rolando’s system. Nothing. It all looked like a foreign language to me. 
I tried to slow my breathing, keep my eyes closed, focus on each in out of breath, but it was no use. I kept poking at the code, as though metaphysically punching the data would make it stop being a tangled mess. I stood up, physically punching the screen and banging my fists against the arrays displayed on the monitors. I screamed, picked up a keyboard, and hurled it across the room, overwhelmed by these new sensations, and by the inexplicable frustration. 
Jane rushed into the room, her hand at her hip. “What the hell is going on in here?” she said, her eyes traveling between me, the ruined keyboard, and the tangle of wires protruding from Rolando’s limp body. 
I sunk back into my chair, breathing heavily and burying my head in my arms. “Get. Andy,” I growled with enough ferocity that she didn’t argue. 

CHAPTER 30: END OF THE LINE

	Maria actually showed up first, and with uncharacteristic tenderness, she took me by shoulders and led me out of the room. I protested, trying to get back to Rolando who was still unconscious and hooked into my analysis program. 
	“Shh,” she said quietly. “Don’t worry, I’ll take care of it in a minute.” 
	I knew that Andy and Maria had the skills to deal with this type of situation, and I tried to calm myself down, assured that they would be able to back out of the program, repairing the trail I’d blazed through Rolando’s code, and wake him up again so that Jane didn’t murder us all. 
	She brought me to one of the empty dorm rooms and sat me down on one of the beds. She turned on a light in the bathroom, so that the bedroom remained only dimly lit. She physically moved my legs onto the bed and pushed me backwards so that I was lying down. 
	“Just stay there and breathe for a few minutes. Relax. Andy and I will unhook Rolando, and I’ll send Andy in to check on you in a minute. Okay?” she said. I wanted to protest, wanted to run back into that room and curse at that code until it bent to my will, or until it at least made sense again, but I knew that Maria and probably Jane would probably beat me senseless if I went back in there and started trying to hack my way through Rolando’s system like a madwoman. 
	I nodded slowly, trying to appear like I was calm and in control again. Whether Maria bought it or not, she ran back out of the room again, belying her own sense of panic as she ran back towards the lab where Rolando was laid out, and I was sure Jane was in the processing of panicking. 
In the semi-darkness, I reviewed the data over and over again, trying to figure out what I was missing, hoping that some small part of the puzzle would pop out and makes sense to me. But it would not. And I knew, I just knew that something was wrong. Just as pieces of my brain that had been damaged before were restored in the transfer, I knew that some of those damaged parts had been contributing to my savant programming skills. Something had been repaired that wasn’t really broken, and I didn’t know if I would ever get it back. 
It seemed like an eternity passed with me lost in my own tortured thoughts, finally panicking at what had become of my body and my mind, what I had lost in the transformation. It was probably twenty or thirty minutes later when Andy entered the room, and sat next to me on the bed. He ran a hand through my curly hair. 
“I think I can guess what went wrong,” he said. “I knew that I shouldn’t have left you alone to deal with Rolando, but Jane and Maria both threatened me with violence if I did otherwise.” 
I threw my arm over my eyes, not wanting to see the look of sadness and shame in his face. “It’s not your fault,” I said. “You know what’s wrong, don’t you?”
“Maria told me that you weren’t able to understand some of the machine code in Rolando’s operating system, and that you panicked,” he said, continuing to run his fingers through my hair. 
“Is he okay?” I shifted, trying to subtly move his hand away without him noticing it. I really wasn’t mad at him, but being touched by anyone, anything sounded awful. Something big had been taken from me, and something that I feared was unfixable. I suddenly had no idea who I was, and I needed time to process what had become of me. 
“Rolando’s fine. You did absolutely no damage to the system—you’re still a poet with code. Maria easily backed out of the program and woke him up. I did a quick medical check of his structures, and everything looks fine. Jane was a little upset, but she knew there were risks involved in this. Even if she isn’t okay with everything, Maria will talk some sense into her, one way or another,” he said, and I couldn’t help but smile at the absurdity. Maria versus Jane would certainly be a sight to see, but I didn’t want to put any bets on the outcome of a fight between the two tenacious women. 
“You know what’s wrong, right?” I said, finally uncovering my eyes and looking him in the face. I was met with his sympathetic gaze, but I struggled to read him fully in the dim light. 
“Yes,” he said quietly. “I’ll have to run some scans on you to be sure, but I think I know what happened.” 
“It’s not really surprising that part of my programming talents were actually due to some form of congenital brain damage. We always knew that something was different with my brain, even if perhaps calling it a disorder didn’t seem appropriate to it. Whatever program you used to edit out the damaged parts of my cerebrum must have removed that part of my brain too, restoring my emotions and motor control, and robbing me of that part of me that made me…me,” I said and started crying. I couldn’t help it, and I cursed these damned emotions again. Emotions that had replaced my ability to communicate with machines. There was some sick sense of balance about the whole thing—I had gained the ability to communicate and empathize more effectively with humans, and lost the ability to do so with machines. I mourned for what I had lost, as the replacement for my abilities seemed like such a poor substitute. Instead of saving Rolando, freeing hundreds of enslaved, tortured cyborgs, and thereby rescuing humanity and the planet from ecological destruction, I was lying here in a dark dorm room several hundred feet beneath the ground crying to myself pathetically. 
Andy climbed onto the bed next to me and enveloped me in his strong grasp. I resisted at first, but as he pulled me onto his chest I gave in and buried my face into the crook of his collarbone, and just let it out, let everything out. He said nothing, letting me weep, and holding me safety as I cried my soul out. I cried until my eyes ached and I felt empty and drier than the desert we had trekked through on my rescue mission. 
When my sobs finally slowed, he caressed my back, waiting for me to lapse into silence again before speaking. 
“I know that your programming ability is a core part of who you were, who you still are. From looking at everything you were able to do with Rolando’s system, you haven’t lost everything. You’ve still retained skills far above what most anyone else on this planet is able to do. It could also be that it will take some time for you to navigate your new neural setup. Even if some things have been lost, it’s possible that you will find a way around it, figure out how to rewire yourself to be the way you were before. When you feel mentally stable enough to endure sedation and a brain scan, I’ll be able to tell you more. If I really did fail with the transfer, we still have options. Not necessarily good options, but options nonetheless,” he said as professionally as he could, but I knew he was blaming himself for what had happened to me. 
For that reason alone, I tried to pull myself together, remember all that had been given back to me. It was really a small thing to lose, considering how much I had gained. I had my life back again. I could talk, I could think normally, and move with a superhuman speed and agility that I wouldn’t have ever had naturally. I had my husband back, and my best friends, and we were living in what was the equivalent of paradise in apocalyptic times. There was much to be thankful for, but it was just so hard to get over the stark fact that a core part of my being had died. I would go along with Andy’s brain scan, but I already knew inside that it was true. 
“What options are you talking about?” I said, wiping my eyes and sniffling away the last of my tears. 
“We could…try to re-do your neural imprinting. I have a better idea now of what portions of your brain were likely responsible for your incredible programming talents. But, it’s very dangerous, extremely risky,” he said and held his breath. He let it out a minute later and kissed my salty right cheek. “I won’t lie. I would be so scared to lose you again. I know you don’t feel whole right now, but trying to re-do the imprinting could make you lose more than just a small part of yourself like that.” 
“Explain,” I said more succinctly than I had intended. “You’ve imprinted other cyborgs, like MC, and the host neural pattern has been fine. It doesn’t seem like creating MC caused any harm to Maria.” 
“True. But MC and Rolando are both just neural clones. A very soft imprinting of general functions extrapolated using algorithms run on neural function data and scanning is what gave them consciousness and a humanoid personality. But you…you are something different. Your body, and parts of your brain were damaged beyond use. Because of that, we had to go with a more…aggressive and accurate imprinting method. With soft neural imprinting all of the data is collected non-invasively using electrode caps and various active brain scans and personality tests. The hard imprinting requires surgically implanting probes deep into the target brain. This is what we had to do for you, to have any chance at getting most of the real you out of that body and into a new one. Once inserted, those probes slowly kill the brain tissue surrounding them. We can try to do a re-imprint, but because there will already be substantial damage to your original brain, we risk not being able to get you back again at all, let alone with your programming abilities intact,” he said quickly, and then waited for my reply. 
I thought of my body somewhere in the basement, hidden away in a spot where Maria wouldn’t show me. I still had a morbid desire to see myself, my real body, one last time
“My feelings aside, I know that I won’t be able to crack this coercion program like I am now. I couldn’t even read the damned code for surface parsing, let alone do any kind of cryptography on it. However, that point might be moot, depending on your moral standpoints. I know we won’t be able to help Rolando. Even if I could break that code, the only way to truly wipe that program out is to do a complete system reformat. For someone like Rolando, with a wife and a life, and a history, that’s as good as killing him,” I said, feeling a wave of sadness pass over me again, and I held back more tears. “I think I can fix the gambling problem at least, though, so there is that. He just can’t ever get close to one of those nuclear plants again until we do something about that coercion program, or shut down all the plants to begin with.” 
I felt his body stiffen. So what you’re saying is that you think the only way to release all of the cyborgs is to do a mass-reformatting of their hard drives? Wipe all of their personalities clean and basically let them wander like zombies?” he said, trying to keep the anger at the injustice out of his voice, but failing again. Andy had never been great at hiding his emotions. It was one of the things I loved about him—his open, blatant honesty and caring sensitivity, regardless of the consequences. 
“I’d have to take another look to be sure, and it’s possible that if I can truly unravel that code in his head that there might be another way, but I don’t think so. Just looking at the location of that code, and how deeply it’s embedded into the firmware of Rolando’s system, doing anything to completely remove that program would have global consequences for his organism. It would be less cruel to simple wipe them clean. If you were able to find the original people that gave their neural imprints, you could bring them back to life in a sense,” I said. 
Andy shook his head. “No, that wouldn’t help anything. They would be devoid of their own memories, all of the experiences they had as autonomous sentient beings when they were created. It would be no better than just letting them become scrap metal, or finding other random individuals to provide neural imprint materials for them. With Rolando, we could attempt to upload the important parts of his consciousness to another vessel before wiping his system, but there are still risks with that, and I don’t know if there’s any feasible way for us to do that on a large scale, especially under the assumption that we will be under attack from Malcolm and his security system while we attempt to pull all of this off,” he said. 
“It’s never easy, is it?” I replied, wracking my brain for other solutions to all of these problems, but finding myself completely stuck. 
“No it’s not,” he said quietly and held me tighter, as if that were the only answer he had to any of life’s problems. 
“So I’m going to have to make a choice between risking my life’s wife to make an attempt at unlocking this code that is probably impossible to crack anyway, or just going ahead and committing genocide on hundreds of innocent cyborgs,” he said, his voice full of blatant anguish. 
“That’s what it’s shaping up to look like—the good, the bad, and the ugly,” I said, making an attempt at humor and failing. Andy was silent in response. 
I shifted to sit up farther in the bed, thinking a bit more clearly now that I wasn’t in a total panic. “Wait. There is one other option, at least for dealing with the cyborgs. It’s not quite as efficient or safe, but it might be better than forced genocide on an entire group of sentient beings. I need to talk to Rolando,” I said. 

	We all reconvened in the blue room—Maria, Andy, MC, Rolando, Jane, and even Takeshi had been allowed to come up for the meeting about what our next move would be, given the new information. Maria and Andy wanted everyone present to help give input to the decision making process. I actually wished that we could keep Calamity Jane out of the picture. She made me nervous to talk so frankly about her husband’s body in front of her, given her penchant for violence, but for that same reason I doubted that Maria would have been able to convince her to not be present. 
	We sat at one of the biggest tables, dead center in the big room. I brought everyone up to date, gritting my teeth during the part where my ironically restored brain was now defunct for the purposes of advanced programming tasks. I closed my eyes and stifled my frustration as best as I could. I took a deep breath and continued. 
	“So we’re kind of fucked even if we can get back those parts of my brain that would have been able to crack the code in Rolando’s operating system,” I said when I was done explaining what I had found out. I could see Jane digging her fingers into her palms, but she didn’t say anything. 
	“I don’t think we should risk destroying Orchid just to follow through with a plan that’s only going to end in genocide,” Andy said resolutely. “In fact, I won’t do it. And you can’t do any of the biological side of any of the cyborg work without me.” 
 	I opened my mouth to protest, but Maria cut me off. “I second that. From an engineering perspective, it’s just not a good idea either. We’ve got a highly functioning, working model, that we would potentially destroy just to hypothetically get a little bit of alternative processing back. It’s a diminishing returns situation,” she said, and everyone around the table, even Jane, nodded in agreement. 
	“You know, out of anyone here I would give anything to help Rolando, but keeping Orchid’s talents, even if they’re diminished from what they once were, is better than destroying her and losing hope altogether. Like you said, eventually she could learn to compensate for the change. The knowledge is still there in her head, somewhere,” Jane said. 
	I reluctantly looked her in the eye, still embarrassed by my behavior in the lab earlier. “If you give me another shot, I know that I can at least fix the gambling problem—that’s being caused by a much smaller, albeit diffuse pattern of malfunctioning code loops,” I said. 
	“Thank you,” she said simply, and I was surprised that she would even let me anywhere near Rolando again. 
	Everyone fell silent. “So. I guess that means I’m a cyborg until further notice?” I said, realizing how futile it would be to convince all of them to let Andy try and rewire my brain. 
	Andy put his hand over mine. “Yes you are. And I love you in any form that you come in,” he said. 
	Maria rolled her eyes. “Okay, I’m sorry for your loss and everything, but save the love fest for later. We need a new plan,” she said. 
	I cleared my throat. “That’s what I was getting to. So, there’s no way for me break that internal code without completely reformatting all of the cyborgs, but there’s another way possibly. I’m going to need Rolando’s help here on the logistics, but we could disrupt the coercion signals themselves—the code being broadcast in the plants giving instructions to the cyborgs. If we destroy, or even just pause that, we could evacuate the cyborgs and get them far enough away from the plant that they can’t be pulled back into the influence of the coercion signals,” I said. 
	“It’s not a total solution. They would all end up like me—free for the moment, but still susceptible to enslavement again,” Rolando said. 
	I nodded. “Right. It would be a temporary fix, but at least we would have time to come up with an alternate solution, try to figure out a permanent way to release the cyborgs. And like you said, once we free the cyborgs, they will be forced to shut the plants down, and we’ll have time to implement the other part of the plan that will liberate our country from the use of harmful energy sources, and bring some communities out of two decades of darkness and poverty. Sure they can capture the cyborgs again once we free them, but like you said, they could also just make more cyborgs. The key is that if we free them fast enough, they won’t know what hit them,” I said. 
	Many looks were exchanged at the table, as everyone contemplated this option. Rolando was the first to speak. “There is one problem with this idea. Breaking into the grid and simultaneously pumping code in to break the underlying coercion application would have been much easier to do on a massive scale. We gain access to one point, and we have access to all of the networked plants. Disrupting the individual coercion broadcasts at each plant is going to be difficult. Each plant broadcasts its own set of instructions to the cyborgs on an individual server that’s sandboxed from the other plants, for this very reason—so that someone like us couldn’t hack in and take over an army of cyborgs to do our bidding,” he said. 
	“So, what you’re saying is that I’d have to manufacture a virus, and it would have to be hand-delivered to each of the plants?” I said. 
	He nodded slowly. “Yes. And it would have to be done at the same time. Because once Malcolm figures out what’s going on, he’ll figure out the bug and patch it up so that we can’t infiltrate the other systems. All of the power plants must go down at the same time for this to work,” he said in his even, methodical voice. 
	Silence again as everyone processed this. I looked at Rolando again. “Since I can’t get close enough to the system remotely, is there enough information about the coercion directives stored in your memory somewhere? I wasn’t looking for that when I was poking around in your databases today,” I said. 
	He cocked his head to the side and I thought I could actually hear him flipping through the different partitions in his head, looking for the data. “It’s very possible that traces of it are still in there. Maria and Andy wiped most of that out when they erased the surface applications that were holding me hostage, but you might be able to get a general idea for how the system works,” he said. 
	“And we can’t simply walk up to one of the plants, knock on the door, and ask if we can come inside and take a peek at their coercion system,” I said. 
	Jane leaned forward. “So you’re saying that you’re going to make a virus based off whatever residual info you can scrape out of Rolando’s brainpan?” she said with one eyebrow raised. 
	I was happy that Rolando answered for me. “Essentially, yes. We need to do as little as possible to tip our hand. Making further runs to try and kidnap more test cyborgs or do any sort of reconnaissance would just be too risky,” he said. 
	“And that means that I can’t test the virus out either before we release it,” I said. “Right?”
	Everyone nodded their heads in agreement, and I exhaled loudly. “That’s a tall order, given the fact that you won’t even let me try and reclaim some of my former programming abilities. I’m starting off with a handicap here,” I said, exasperated. 
	Maria reached across the table and slapped my shoulder. “Hey what am I, chopped liver? You’re a better hacker than I am when it comes to straight AI programming and decoding, but I ain’t no greenhorn around a computer either. We can work through this together, like the old days,” she said, and I realized that I was being overly pessimistic. Maria really was a fantastic engineer and programmer, and we had helped each other on many occasions in the past. We were a great team. 
	“And I might not be anywhere near the programmers either of you ladies are, but I can help out with telling you the probable effects of the virus on any the biological parts of the cyborgs, which will be essential,” Andy said. 
	MC spoke up for the first time since we’d gathered. “And Rolando and I might just be imprints neural clones, but both of us are imprints of hackers. We can actually help too. With all of us doing our best to figure out this thing together, we might actually have a shot at making this happen,” she said. 
	She was right. I didn’t know why I had been thinking that I alone had to carry the burden of making this happen. We had always been a team, we had always helped each other through each step of a research project, through each step of life. None of us were lone cowboys. 
	Takeshi gave a low whistle. “Jane and I can’t do anything for you on the tech side, but me and The Cowboys will be doing most of the intel and infiltration work on the actual sites.” He looked at me. “Jane’s my second in command, so the two of us will be taking point on this mission,” he clarified for me. With her aggressive personality, it didn’t surprise me that Jane was one of the higher ups in the ranks. 
	“Not to burst ya’lls bubble, but our job is going to be one of the most difficult. We’ll have to release the virus at several places all at once, and that’s going to be all us Cowboys breaking into those facilities. You’ll have to train one point man from each unit on how to actually get the virus into the system. It’s going to be extremely tricky. And extremely risky,” Jane said. 
	“The infiltration of the virus actually shouldn’t be too difficult. I’m thinking of a vector model. Because most of the cyborgs are heavy on the bioware, if Andy can help us out, I think we can make it a partially live virus—meaning you could literally inject it into any of the cyborgs, and from there, it will spread into the rest of the system via the hardwired coercion application. And thanks to Rolando, we have a very real working model of that application. I can’t make heads or tails of how to crack it, but we should be able to replicate it to at least do some testing on the vector side of the virus,” I said. 
	“That’s brilliant!” Andy said. 
	I winked at them. Maybe I hadn’t completely lost my touch after all. “That’s what they pay me the big bucks for.” 

CHAPTER 31: BACK IN THE SADDLE

	Many long days and nights of research stretched out before us. Maria, Andy, Rolando, MC, and I spent hours both huddled together and spread apart in the lab, working on individual pieces of the puzzles, and then coming back together to try and fit all of the code back together. Rolando spent time alternating between being a research subject and a research assistant as we made multiple trips into his system to glean information about the coercion program and how we might use it to infect the greater system. 
	It was mentally exhausting work, and Andy played his usual role of caretaker, making sure that we all ate at some point and took at least short bits of time to sleep. At first I still had major episodes of frustration when I couldn’t understand of code, couldn’t unravel or assemble and algorithm appropriately. But the rest of the team helped, and as time went by, I did feel myself learning to compensate, using new ways of thinking where others had closed off. 
	Many times during the process I figured out key pieces of code that Andy and Maria swore they never would have been able to divine without my assistance. They had done all they could with this problem without me, and I was the catalyst for pushing the project forward. Ego had never really been something I had to worry about before, but pride was definitely among the cast of my new emotions, and feeling both competent and necessary felt very good. I knew that even if I had come back dumber than a stump, Andy and Maria would have thought rescuing me was worth it, but I liked knowing that I was really earning my keep and justifying the trouble of the death defying rescue adventure. 
	While we were sequestered in various quarters of the lab, Takeshi, Jane, and the rest of The Cowboys were holding their own meetings—examining schematics of more than two hundred nuclear power plants scattered around the country, coming up with tactical divisions, doing field reconnaissance, and running practice drills. We were all gearing up for one hell of a fight, but it would all be for naught if us lab people couldn’t get our virus design off the ground. 
Andy and I tried to sleep together as often as possible in his dorm room in the lab, and I sometimes saw Takeshi and Jane slinking into Maria and Rolando’s rooms late at night to rest with their loved ones, but none of us lab monkeys saw the light of day for several weeks. 
	After more than two weeks of grueling work, we reached a point where we had a working prototype of the infiltration virus. It was an exciting day in the lab, with lots of hugging and celebrating. The five of us literally jumped up and down in celebration together in the big lab as the final piece of code fell into place, and the whole mass of it didn’t fall apart. 
	“Now the ball’s really in Andy’s court. We have to figure out a way to do a live test of this thing, and there’s no way we’re going to use Rolando,” I said. 
	“Thank you for that,” Rolando said. He’d been a really great sport throughout the whole thing, but ethics aside, I was not going to risk hurting Rolando for fear of Jane’s wrath. 
	“I’ve got some un-imprinted prototypes on another level of the lab. They’re not sentient yet, so it won’t be a perfect test, but we should be able to at least get a crude idea if the in vivo injection of the virus will have any chance of taking. It’s the closest we’ll be able to get without using a real living, fully programmed cyborg, and I know that none of us are willing to do such a thing,” Andy said. We had all agreed on that from the outset, since all of us we’re either cyborgs ourselves, or in love with a cyborg. Important mission it may be, but we would not risk our loved ones, even if it meant potentially saving the country as a whole. Perhaps it was selfish of us, but we were risking so much already for the greater good that I could easily rationalize our actions. 
The mention of the unanimated cyborgs in another location reminded me that there were other levels of the lab that I had no clue about still, one of which held my body, frozen in a permanent coma until the neural probes destroyed the brain past any kind of viability. As I’d done many times before, I shook the thought out of my head and tried to focus on the task at hand. 
	“This early computational modeling that we’ve done of the virus makes me feel confident that it’s going to work, even without the in vivo test results,” I said. “I just have a good feeling about it.” 
	Maria, the least prone to any sort of superstitious feelings nodded her head vigorously. “The tests do look good, and you know, Orchid’s intuitions about these things have always been spot on. I’ve never seen her be wrong about anything like this before,” she said. 
	Takeshi and Jane were wandering somewhere around the complex—I had seen them earlier, but wasn’t sure what they were up to. They must have heard us whooping and hollering, because they showed up in the lab a few minutes later. Maria and Rolando both ran to them, throwing their arms around their respective spouses. I took this as a good opportunity to do the same to Andy, and gave him a big triumphant hug. 
	“We did it!” I said. 
	Maria explained what we had accomplished to Jane and Takeshi, and they gave us another round of excited congratulations. 
	“So,” Takeshi said, putting a hand on his hip. He was wearing one of the cowboy dusters, and it looked like he must have been in the field earlier in the day. “How about we take a short break now that you’ve cracked the code, and actually let you guys see some sunshine for a few minutes? There’s a beautiful sunset about to get cooking up there.” 
	The idea of seeing the outside world again sounded marvelous, and I was glad when everyone agreed that we deserved a trip to the surface, and maybe even the chance to sit down to a full meal. 
	“And, since the next round of testing is going to be mainly Andy’s job, I should have some time to fix that gambling problem of Rolando’s,” I said, looking in Jane and Rolando’s direction. “That is, if you still want me to.” I was confident now in my programming abilities, and I knew that I really could fix his problem without doing any damage to his system. 
	“That would be great,” Jane said. “I’m sure The Cowboys and Andy will be glad to not have so many of our boys showing up in the infirmary with Swiss cheese feet.” 
	“Yes, thank you,” Rolando said, and I smiled awkwardly at Jane’s not-quite joke. 
	“Alright you number crunchers, let’s get to the surface before that sunset burns itself out,” Takeshi said, making a herding motion towards the door. 

CHAPTER 32: TRIAL AND ERROR

	We all stood together by the stone benches on the platform outside the chapel. Andy’s arm was wrapped around my shoulders, his weary head resting on my shoulder. Takeshi wasn’t kidding when he said that the sun seemed to be celebrating our victory with us. It was exploding with a symphony of colors, starting slow and cool with pinks and purples, and rising in a crescendo to splatter the brightest reds and the most saturated oranges across the sky over the red hills. 
	We all breathed slow and heavy, fatigue and relief dripping from our movements as we enjoyed the achievement of this milestone. There was still much work to be done, but it was a worthy cause to pause and contemplate how far we had come in such a short amount of time. We were on the precipice of changing the world, and we all felt it. 
The wind was even cooler than it had been when I had first awakened in this new world. I had finally asked Andy what season it was. It had been late October when I’d first been rescued, and it was now November, and winter was nipping at our heels. It was easy to forget the state of disrepair that the rest of the world was in. I had seen so little of the outside world before being swept away to this veritable paradise in Sedona, but I remembered the oppressive heat we’d suffered through in Tucson. We were lucky to be in a protected valley, and Andy had hinted that they might have something to do with the preservation of the natural climate here in the Verde Valley. The rest of the world had undergone significant global warming and climate change that was contributing to the constant meteorological dysfunction that was plaguing our country. 
When dusk fell over the valley, we reluctantly reentered the chapel, agreeing that even if we took some time to eat and recharge, we shouldn’t actually leave the laboratory yet. Too much work to be done yet. The candles in the chapel were lit, just as they always were, spreading a soft flickering glow into the dimming light of dusk. 
I turned to Andy. “Who lights these candles?” I said. 
“I do,” MC said, stepping forward and running her hand close enough over a set of long white taper candles that the flames kissed the flesh of her palm. “Aren’t they just beautiful?” 
I stared at her for almost half a minute, watching her smile at the dancing candles flames. If I needed any further proof that cyborgs could be sentient beings that developed and changed based on experience, just like humans, this was it. Maria would never find simple joy in such a small thing like the comforting glow of church candles. Even though MC was a neural imprint of Maria, and she was able to tweak her own personality algorithms, I knew, I just knew that this was a product of neither. The look on her face was one of true happiness developed from natural life encounters. It made the enslavement of the cyborgs at the nuclear plants even more heinous, and hardened my resolve to do whatever I could to free them from their captivity. 
“They are so very beautiful,” I replied softly, feeling tears tickling the backs of my eyes. “Thank you for lighting them.” 
MC nodded in acknowledgement and I turned back to Andy. “You guys go ahead below. I’m going to stay up here for just a little bit longer, watch a few candles burn,” I said. 
He cocked his head to the side, wondering what had gotten into me, but agreed to leave me topside for a little longer while he went below to prepare some food. Takeshi clapped him on the back said that he would help teach him to cook some real cowboy food down in the big kitchen. Jane surprised me by saying that she wanted to stay up for a bit longer too, and she walked to stand by my side while when everyone else had descended back below again. 
“Hey. I just wanted to thank you for everything you’ve been trying to do for Rolando. And I wanted to let you know there’s no hard feelings for what happened a few weeks ago. I trust you with him now, and I’m confident you can fix the gambling problem, which I can’t tell you how much I’m grateful for. It’s been really difficult to deal with. I don’t mean to be so intimidating, but it’s just kind of who I am. Anyway, I just didn’t want you to have to be tiptoeing around me all the time, ” she said and extended a hand. 
She was referring to the day when I had my meltdown in the lab. I shook her hand, but blushed, still embarrassed about the incident and my lack of emotional control, and simultaneously fascinated that I had enough blood circulation in my dermal shell to produce a flush strong enough for me to actually feel. It’s not that I hadn’t ever thrown tantrums in public before—I’d had plenty of episodes where my sensory integration problems had sent me into the fetal position at the most inconvenient of times, but I hadn’t cared what other people thought about me then. Now I did. 
“Thank you,” I said. “I have the utmost respect for you and Rolando, and I would never purposely do something that would jeopardize your life together.” 
She looked me right in the eye, and the twisting flames from the candles were reflected in her dark pupils. “You understand now more than probably anyone else. At first not everyone accepted my relationship with Rolando. Not like anyone could do anything about it, but you know, it was just annoying to feel everyone’s eyes on me all the time. I already had to grow up with everyone thinking I was a cyborg myself because of these things.” She motioned to the cochlear implants on her head. I could barely see the shiny plastic peeking out of the dark mass of her hair. “Of course people have grown more understanding over time, especially as they have more and more contact with the new and very sophisticated cyborgs like yourself and MC.” 
She stopped, realizing she may have made her own faux pas. “Not that you’re the same as MC. I know that you’re basically human, just in a mechanical body. No offense,” she sputtered. 
I laughed. “It’s okay, I know what you meant. No hard feelings,” I said. 
She let out a lungful of air she’d been holding in. “Anyway, you and Andy are very much like me and Rolando. You know that Rolando being a cyborg makes absolutely no difference in how we feel about each other. Our love is just as real as that of any human couple,” she said, her words were sharp, resolved. 
I thought of Maria, smiling with such genuine delight at her eternally burning candles. “Yes, yes it is,” I said, and a look of understanding passed between us. I felt in that moment that we had truly become friends, making her the first new friend I had ever made in my adult life outside our core group. It was a nice feeling, and I was glad that I had the emotional capacity to appreciate it. 

We stopped at the first floor, the blue room, and the smell of cooking food immediately hit our nostrils. I started salivating. We had all been living off barely reconstituted meals, and even the dreaded carbobars when necessary. Since they provided such compact and sustained, albeit disgustingly bland, sources of energy, they were good fuel for when we were so deep into code that backing out suddenly could make us lose an entire day’s or even week’s worth of work. The scent of real food was instantly comforting, and even if Takeshi and Andy hadn’t succeeded in replicating the mouthwatering meal we’d experienced down at the cowboy saloon, any approximation would be better than what we’d been living on recently. 
We sat down to a big meal of grilled lab-grown steaks and chicken, potatoes, cornbread, and green beans, and I could have sworn it was one of the most delicious meals I’d ever had. We talked and laughed at the table, passing around food and talking about things that had nothing to do with computer viruses, enslaved cyborgs, or nuclear power plants. We listened to Jane and Takeshi talking about Cowboy gossip and funny things that had happened in the barracks over the past. Everyone took turns telling me more amusing stories that had occurred over the period of time when I’d been kidnapped. The blue room was doing exactly what it was meant to: building kinship and brotherhood. 
With full bellies and lighter souls, we shambled sleepily down to our bunks with our respective partners. As I watched the pairs walk off to their rooms together, I suddenly felt bad that MC was the only lone individual in our group, but she assured me that she wasn’t alone. The look she had back in the chapel returned to her face before she slipped down the hall to her room. I went to sleep with a schoolgirl curiosity about who or what was making her so happy. 
	
	The next few days were another whir of activity. Andy descended into the basement to start the advanced test phases of our virus. I knew he liked to be alone when working on the biological foundations of anything, but I was dying of curiosity about what was going down there. We used the time to run further computational simulations of the virus, and after reassuring myself of my newfound confidence I decided to tackle Rolando. 
	After hooking him up to all of the input devices again and putting him to sleep, for lack of a better term, I felt like a god again. Everything was clear to me, the code stretching out in three-dimensional models across the screens and across my brain. I saw it so vividly it may have been a hallucination, but this is how I’d always been able to visualize code. I effortlessly repaired the defective loop that was causing Rolando to gamble compulsively, amongst other related problems, according to Jane. 
 I also took the liberty of tightening up his AI system. I thought again of Maria and the candles, and I wanted Rolando to experience that. To learn his own neural patterns, find his own joys, and live through and be influenced by the changes he would have in life with Jane. I wasn’t changing anything about his memories, or how his initial system had been set up.  I was simply giving him the flexibility to learn, live, and experience with a far greater complexity. These changes alone might be enough to allow Rolando to fight off the coercion program if he were ever to be exposed to its directives again. Eventually the new memories, the new programs being implicitly built could overwhelm the corrupt programming in his firmware. This was potentially a long-term solution to fix the affected cyborgs once the virus released them from primary enslavement. 
When Rolando woke up, systems running fine, better than before, I couldn’t wait to share the news with Jane and the rest of the team. I called everyone to the blue room, and within twenty minutes, everyone but Andy, who was huddled downstairs in the biology wing, came running to our big round conference table. I started to explain what I had discovered, but Rolando, overjoyed at the changes I’d enacted, took over the explanation for me this time. I think a big shit-eating grin was plastered across my face the entire time. This was the final piece to the solution. It wasn’t a quick fix, which is what we so often want in all aspects of our lives, but it was a safe, effective solution that would work and be stable over time, without risking any of the underlying neurology of the cyborgs. 
Jane stood up from the table, grabbed Rolando’s face with two hands, and kissed him long and hard before exploding backwards again with her hands in the air. “This is great! This is amazing. We’re free! We can live our lives like they’re supposed to be, and we can help the rest of them to do the same,” she said. 
Her eyes zeroed in on me and she practically jumped across the table to give me a big squeezy bear hug. “I don’t know how to thank you,” she said, gripping me with so much force that if I actually had fully functioning lungs to worry about, I would have had trouble breathing. I had vestigial lungs of a sort, that weren’t actually quite vestigial—they worked using typical osmotic physics to fill with air and release those contents, but the purpose of this mechanism was not to get oxygen into the system. The purpose was to provide the acoustic energy needed to produce human-like speech. Many older models of cyborg used synthesized speech and dispensed with any sort of pulmonary system, but the result, no matter how sophisticated, was always speech that sounded robotic and unnatural. Only a highly trained acoustician would have a chance at figuring out that MC, Rolando, and I were not actually human beings, but machines producing realistic speech. For all intents and purposes we were producing the same types of resonance frequencies and formants that human speech did, but our resonating cavity was what caused mostly imperceptible differences—our speech tracts were partially made of metal. 
After letting Jane choke me for a few moments, I withdrew from the embrace and thanked her for her flattery, and silently thanked the universe that she wasn’t pissed about the unauthorized changes I’d made to Rolando’s operating system. We celebrated by eating some of the leftovers in the kitchen, and we agreed that Rolando, MC, and Jane could take the afternoon off and actually leave the base for the first time in weeks. Maria and I would stay behind, ready to support Andy with his part of the research if or when necessary. 
We started by staging a laboratory coup to invade his space, hold him down if necessary, and force-feed him nourishment and antibiotics. In all of the activity, I routinely forgot that he was battling a persistent infection in the gunshot leg because he had failed to consistently take the antibiotics that he’d prescribed himself. I had noticed him limping again recently. 
We were prepared to physically break down the lab door if necessary, but we actually found him in his dorm room, washing his face in the sink. And by washing his face, it looked more like he just letting his face hang under the water stream. 
“Honey, are you okay?” I said. He raised his face, water flowing in rivulets down his face, little droplets trickling off his red hair and beard. His blue eyes were wide, but puffy and rimmed by dark circles. 
“Yeah, I’m great,” he said with a touch of manic excitement, his eyes getting even bigger. “I think I’ve got it. I think it’s ready. 

CHAPTER 33: PLAN OF ATTACK

	One of the beauties of the virus we’d crafted was its ability to adapt, like biological viruses, only faster. If everything went as planned, once our virus infiltrated the system, it would change and mutate to fight any security measures that Malcolm might have thrown up in the various plants. The genius part of this was that we didn’t have to know exactly how each of the systems was set up at all of the plants—our virus would get in there, intelligently break the code of whatever it found, and continue evolving to meet the challenges of any security measures the system might throw back. In a way, being half machine and half biological, the virus was like low-level cyborg itself. 
	Once Andy had demonstrated his findings, and the rest of us completed as many computational models as we could, testing different configurations of how the virus might react to different responses from the plant’s coercion system and security measures, we began arguing about how to best go about the massive tactical process of actually delivering the virus to the hundreds of nuclear power plants simultaneously. Most of this burden fell on Takeshi and The Cowboys, but there was also a role for the rest of us, in terms of trying to monitor as many of the plants as we possibly could for potential problems. There was only so much that Malcolm could do to thwart our efforts. In theory, even if he detected the virus in time, the virus itself was so quick that our blitzkrieg style attack of all the facilities simultaneously would only allow him to directly work on the security for one of the plants at a time. If we were able to track his location somehow, we might be able to infiltrate his operation, and stop him in his tracks, making sure that none of the plants was able to keep running. Of course there was also the problem of the virus not working at all, but we were confident that if The Cowboys were able to actually introduce the virus into the cyborg system, that it would work, barring any direct intervention from Malcolm. 
	We had all gathered in the blue room again, and our general volume and frustration had been steadily ramping as the hours went by. Even though we were only seven people, our shouting was echoing throughout the room, and I thought that people below might actually be able to hear us. 
	“Look,” I said. “If us hackers actually go with one of the teams and infiltrate one of the plants directly, we have a much better chance of monitoring what the virus is actually doing, and tracking down Malcolm if he happens to rear his ugly head.” 
	“It’s too dangerous,” Takeshi said, looking directly at me. “Especially since it’s not even necessary now. Us Cowboys can deliver the virus. What if the virus fails, and then you’re injured or killed? Then what would we do? We’d have no chance of making another virus that would actually work,” He was speaking with a blatantly cold, rational tone, but I knew there was an emotional component under there too. Despite Andy understanding this fact, his face lit up with anger. 
	“Yeah, not to mention, you know, that killing my wife would be a bad idea,” Andy yelled. 
	“You know I didn’t mean it like that!” Takeshi yelled back with uncharacteristic fury. 
	Tempers continued to flare and the noise level in the room soared to the point where it was impossible to hear what anyone was saying. When the shouting got so loud that it was actually hurting my ears, Jane whistled loudly and yelled for silence. 
	“Whoa, hey guys, settle down. We’re getting carried away here. Everyone just get your panties unwound and get your shit back together,” she called, her voice reverberating out over the room. For such a small lady, she had quite a big voice. 
	We fell silent, and I heard several people panting to catch their breath from the exertion of the fight. 
	“Alright,” she said when we’d all finally shut up and appeared to be reasonably calm. “Now, emotions are boiling over faster than a pot of Wyatt’s baked beans. But the facts remain the same. Hard decisions need to be made, and that means putting aside the knowledge that we’re all family here. Some big sacrifices will have to be made, and unfortunately this will mean hardships on The Cowboys’ end of things. Takeshi and I have more experience than the rest of you with these sorts of operations. We’re going to be putting our friends, our compatriots in the line of fire, and you’re going to have to trust us to take care of our end as best we can,” she said, stopping to see if there would be any protest to her proclamation. When we kept our mouths shut, she continued. 
	“Good. This operation is so big, it’s going to take nearly our entire force, divided up into smaller squadrons to cover all the plants in question. This means that our main compound here is going to be rather thinly protected. Takeshi will stay behind to coordinate operations in general, and to maintain the security of our home base here in the valley. I will be in the field coordinating operations directly in the plants from one of the regions most densely packed with them,” she said, and I saw a quick, but deep cringe cross Rolando’s face. He didn’t want his spouse in the line of fire anymore than the rest of us wanted to see our loved ones put into the thick of the danger. 
	Takeshi took over the burden of relaying the plan now that it seemed like we had been sufficiently subdued. “That means you tech folk will have to stay behind, watch for security gaps as well as you can, and help defend our base here. With any luck, no one will notice our movements. I’ll have it set up to look like we’re just as fortified as usual, but there’s a chance any number of interested groups could try to take advantage of the situation if they notice that our numbers have thinned. We’ve got incendiary devices rigged at all parts of our perimeter, and some other automated security, but those are a last resort,” he said. 
	“Knowing what I do of Malcolm, I’d say there’s an excellent chance he’ll give his all to stop our virus. It would be good to fight him on our home turf, as it were. Here at the lab, our cyber defenses are at their strongest, and we have more computational firepower than we’ll have anywhere else. That alone will be a huge advantage, far greater than trying to hack directly into a plant’s mainframe and fighting him on his own territory. If we can find wherever his location is and hack into his mainframe from our lab here, we stand a good chance of cutting him down, virtually speaking. Because of the radiation situation, there’s no way that he’s lurking somewhere on the premises of one of the plants. He must have his own base of operations somewhere else, but I have no information about where as of yet. That means that if he attempts to stop us, we have a chance ferret out wherever he’s holed up once we get any transmissions from his end of things,” Rolando said. 
	He was right. We’d have far more of a fighting chance of shutting this asshole down using the supercomputers in the basement. I almost got excited at the thought of doing battle with that bastard. I would take him apart, piece by piece, ripping his code into shreds of bloody binary, and I would like it. This fucker was going to burn if he came anywhere near our virus. 
	There were reluctant nods around the table, as we all succumbed to the idea of staying behind and out of the action. Truthfully I was happy, not because I was worried about myself, but this meant that Andy would stay behind with me, and even if we were attacked in the process, at least we would be together. My heart went out to Rolando—he was the only one of us sending his loved one out into the fray on her own. Not that Jane couldn’t handle herself, but there were so many variables that we couldn’t control. 
	Seeing that everyone was finally on the same page, Jane continued. “Just getting to the plants safely is going to be a bit of a challenge—unfortunately, at least for the sake of this mission, most of the nuclear plants are on the East Coast, and in the Midwest. We’ll have a lot of ground to cover just to get into position, and the travel through much of that area is extremely dangerous. There are tons of rebel homesteads, more Witnesses of Mercy, government outposts, and other terrorist organizations between us and many of those plants. I estimate that it will take no less than two weeks to get into place,” Jane said. 
	“We’ll try to orchestrate everything so that we have backup units in place in the event that any of our squadrons get delayed or terminated,” Takeshi said, back in his affectless tactical mode. You had to shut off a part of yourself to be able to talk about such things rationally, but it was still unnerving. And to think this is how I used to be all the time. 
I saw Rolando swallow hard. He was doing a great job of not making a scene of this, but this had to be eating him up inside. If anything did happen to Jane, I could at least do him the favor of erasing her from his memory. I was familiar enough with his neural map that I could probably delete her with relative safety. I had a feeling though, that even if that did happen, he wouldn’t want me to do anything like that. He would live on with his suffering and loss. It made me hate to ask my next question, but it had to be done. 
I purposely avoided eye contact with either Jane or Rolando, and turned to Takeshi. “What are we going to do to protect people from the radiation? Aren’t some of those plants so bad that the entire county around them are contaminated?” I asked, unable to look Jane and Rolando. 
Takeshi sighed. “That is one of the biggest difficulties, besides traveling. Since the plants are so toxic, they’re actually not well guarded—not many people are going to want to get in there and do much of anything. We’ve collected some information about how big each contamination zone is on previous missions, so at least we have that to work with. We’ll have all of the squads move into position and camp a safe distance away from the target. When it’s go time, they’ll be wearing radiation suits, and since you’ve all devised such a clever delivery method for the virus, hopefully no one will have to be exposed to radiation for a long period of time. This should help minimize casualties,” he said. He coughed finally letting a crack show in his calm exterior. Those men and women were probably just like a family to him. It must have been killing him inside to basically put himself in the position of being at fault for the potential death of hundreds of people. 
In a way, I would be at fault too. The construction of the virus was largely my doing, and it failed, if all of those people would have risked their lives for nothing. If the virus didn’t work, I didn’t know how I would forgive myself. I found myself wishing that we had more time to test the virus, but it was as good as it was going to get without any sort of live test, and for reasons we’d already discussed, a live test at one of the plants wasn’t a possibility. 
We spent some more time hashing out the details and arguing over minutia, but by the time we ended the meeting, we had decided on a basic plan of attack. 
Andy was resting with his chin balanced on the palms of both hands as he leaned heavily into the counter. “I’ll need about five days to mass-produce, package, and do quality assurance tests on th actual virus syringes that we’ll be giving out to the squadrons of Cowboys,” he said. 
Takeshi smiled bitterly. “We’ll be ready.” 

CHAPTER 34: ASSUMING THE POSITION

It was all hands on deck for those five days, with everyone working to package the virus into syringes, gather raw materials for the biological components, and run tests on the resulting products. During that time Takeshi and Jane were working around the clock to mobilize their troops and prepare our territory to defend itself in the absence of our usual Cowboy enforcements. 
When we had finally packaged and tested the last batch of virus, we used carts to ferry all of the product up to the blue room for staging. Each virus syringe was heavy, made out of solid, bulky steel to ensure that none of the virus could leak in transport, and that the needle itself was strong enough pierce through the potentially tough cyborg exoderm and infiltrate it’s biosystem. The syringes themselves were roughly the size and shape of a human forearm, and equipped with an auto injector so that all the Cowboy wielding it needed to do was remove the safety cap and plunge it into the first nuclear plant cyborg they encountered. 
	More than two hundred of the cylinders were piled near the elevator in the blue room, awaiting transport. I was playing cards with Andy at one of the tables when a half dozen Cowboys emerged from the elevator. Without much in the way of speech, they methodically worked together to carefully load all of the syringes into the elevator. I knew that Andy and Takeshi had already done a training brief about how to handle and use the devices, and Maria had come up with such an idiot-proof design that I was confident no mishaps would occur, at least in the process of transporting the virus material. 
	I stood up to try and help them with the moving, but one of the Cowboys held his hand up and motioned for me to sit back down. I wasn’t sure if it was of because of some kind of honor or duty to fulfill the task given to them without our assistance, or if it was because of their notion of chivalry that they wouldn’t let me help them with the loading process. I laughed internally, because if it was because of chivalry, they were so totally misguided in their efforts—I was probably stronger than all of them combined. MC and I had moved most of the cylinders up here without any other additional assistance. 
	As I watched the last of the virus material disappear into elevator along with the final Cowboy, I could almost hear the sound of a clock ticking. It was only a matter of time now. The wheels of change were in motion. 

CHAPTER 35: MOVING OUT

	It seemed like a horribly long five days to wait, even though we kept ourselves busy with hacking tasks—doing as much as we could to monitor the plants peripherally and keeping our eyes peeled for signs of Malcolm, in case he had somehow gotten wind of our planned attacks on the nuclear facilities. Takeshi had said that there were always spies crawling all over the place, and I didn’t think that our paranoia was unfounded—it’s not paranoia if you’re right. 
	We took turns monitoring security cameras for Takeshi so that he could keep the borders patrolled as best as possible, given our limited staff. Security duty was actually fairly pleasant because it mostly entailed watching the beautiful scenery and investigating the occasional fauna that set off the security alarms. Andy, MC, and I all tried to spend as much time as we could with Rolando, keeping his mind off the inescapable fact that Jane was out in the field, and might possibly never return. Maria didn’t seem to be as sensitive to his situation, but that was typical Maria. With Jane gone, and his gambling addiction cured, he seemed at a loss for how to handle himself. I often caught him at a terminal, working competently, but with a look of intense sadness on his face. 
	I waited anxiously every time we rendezvoused with Takeshi in the blue room for a progress update. But the Cowboys were good at what they did, and despite a few run-ins here and there with hostile groups, there were no major incidents reported during the course of their travel across the country. Their other major benefit, beyond being skilled tactical agents, were the small sizes of their platoons. As I had been told before, traveling in any sort of large group these days was basically a suicide mission. In the wrong areas, even an organization as big as The Witnesses of Mercy, with their fanatical followers willing to sacrifice their lives for the directives handed down to them, would be in danger. 
	It was a big ugly world out there, and I had to believe that somehow we could change that. We lived in this beautiful sanctuary, but we were forever at risk of losing that freedom, of being raided and destroyed by any number of greedy, desperate invaders. I loved the desert, but I had been born by the ocean. When I closed my eyes, sometimes I could still smell the salt air, feel the wet sand squishing between my toes. I wanted to hold long strands of slippery kelp in my fingers and listen to seabirds quarreling over fish. When Andy had told me there was virtually no safe route to the west coast anymore, no safe place to even think of resting on the shores of California, I had cried. 
	“You know,” I said to him, one afternoon after a false alarm trip caused by a roving pack of javelina. “I was actually a very sensitive child. I had a big heart. I loved animals and nature. Maybe I hadn’t always been able to relate to other humans as well, but I have always understood the concept of loss. One year, when I was five, I had a birthday on the beach. Someone gave me a big red balloon, and for some reason it was my most favorite present that I had ever gotten from anyone. I was just fascinated by its size, its bright color, but most of all the way it flew in the sky, and seemed to move on its own, like it was actually alive. No one else seemed to understand that, why I would be so enamored with the movements of an inanimate object, why I wanted to know what made us so special as humans, when something as simple as my balloon could move and dance just like a living creature. The balloon got away from me that afternoon. It sailed out over the ocean and never came back. I cried for the rest of the day,” I said. 
	Andy took his hands off the keyboard and took mine in his. “I’ve always known those things about you. I always knew, that in your own special way what a caring and wonderful person you truly are. You just express it differently now, but this is still you, and part of who you’ve always been. I wouldn’t have married you otherwise,” he said and kissed me on the cheek. “And you know sometimes, the things we think we’ve lost are still out there, and if we’re patient enough, if we believe hard enough, they’ll come back to us.” 
	I turned my head to discreetly wipe a tear from my face, hoping that if we lost anymore balloons, that they would indeed come back to us, and not be lost at sea for eternity. 

And then the day came when we got word from Takeshi that all of the Cowboy units were in place and ready. We would strike at dawn.
CHAPTER 36: LIVE AND ON THE AIR

	Maria, Takeshi, MC, Rolando, Andy, and I all gathered in the main control room. We had actually added an additional terminal in the corner for Takeshi so that he could do his best to keep orchestrating contact with all of the squadrons, and still keep an eye on our compound. MC was drafted to help with this duty, and the rest of us manned the keyboards, doing what we could to monitor activity at the plants peripherally, ready and waiting to track down any evidence of Malcolm intervening with the virus delivery. 
	We were ready. Takeshi gave the signal. 
	
CHAPTER 37: SUFFERING

That fucking moon was yellow, an ugly globular corn kernel sagging in the sky. I thought could see the filthy glow of the trailer park, sallow and speckled like old kitchen grease. It had been three days since I’d slept or drank water. Three days of bleeding into the sand. I wept for MC, dead in a ditch up on the hillside. And I mourned for my brain, which I was sure had holes in it by now from this great and terrible, dry, sleepless void. 
	Takeshi was dead. Deader than Andy, deader than MC burning on the hillside. The night with its dilapidated moon and its mocking cactus were smiling wickedly at me. The landscape blurred and I couldn’t tell if it was my eyes, my brain, or that white trash moon playing tricks on me. 
	I could hear Andy, Takeshi, and the MC calling for me. They were all out there. I imagined them dancing, chanting my name. 
	We were closer now, and I thought I could actually smell the trailer park; The hot desert sand, thick with the dry musk of dehydrating rattlesnakes and Gila monsters turning to jerky on the ground. I imagined I could smell the decades of congealed grease belched out from rusting ceiling vents, and the useless perfume of sporadic cactus flowers; a fragrant “fuck you” too delicate to mask the trailer park reek, but too insidious to miss. 
	True love’s a hard bite they say. A hard bite, a long walk, and no sleep. Fuck you ugly moon with your arrogant fucking cactus flowers. They were white and dainty, opening in the night like bitches after the prom. 

CHAPTER 38: LOSS

	I was so thirsty. I was sure that I was experiencing what Andy had told me to watch out for: dangerous fatigue and gradual systems shutdown. Soon I would start moving into forced sleep mode, and it would be game over for us all. 
	I felt numb. They say the first stage of grief is denial, but I could still smell MC’s body on the hillside, burning, the acrid stench of charring flesh, rubber, and steel wafting out over the valley. She had saved me, but she hadn’t been fast enough to save Andy or Takeshi. I had piled their bodies together, weeping and bleeding onto their lifeless corpses until I was dry. 
	It had taken every ounce of will I had to cover their bodies with dry desert weeds and move on with the mission. MC, Maria, and Takeshi had all given their lives for this cause, and I couldn’t let them down. 
	They had been ready for us. They knew some of us would be cyborgs—hence the flamethrowers. Neural disruptors, a weapon I didn’t even know existed, were what had done Andy and Takeshi in. When he could still talk, Andy had told me between strangled gasps that the bolts that they had been hit with were a combination of electricity and actual poison, like a mishmash of a Taser and a primitive blow dart. I watched, helpless as they slowly, over the course of several hours, lost all muscle control, and then finally their hearts stopped beating, their lungs stopped pulling in air. It was another full day before I was able to accept that they were really gone. I had done CPR, switching back and forth between my husband and Takeshi. I kept going, knowing it was no use, but was unable to stop, caught up in a panicked frenzy, begging for them to come back to life. 
	But they didn’t. Of course they didn’t. Even cyborgs weren’t immortal, and everyone was dead. Maria’s corpse kept burning on the ridge, and nothing I did would put out the fire. I knew that between the accelerant used to kill her in the first place, and the massive amounts of raw and mechanical fuel in her system, that she would probably burn until there was nothing but a puddle of liquefied metal left behind. The dry cacti and bushes around her body had caught fire and burned until there was nothing but a ring blackened stumps surrounding the blazing stump of her corpse. 
 As I stared at Takeshi and Andy, their lifeless bodies blue and cold, I sat down in the hot sand, barely feeling the cacti and thorn bushes on the ground that were digging into my flesh. I closed my eyes, opened the floodgates to my mind, and started coding an algorithm to alter my own brain function. 
CHAPTER 39: REBOOT

	Shutting off my emotions and the part of my brain that registered pain was calming, and unnerving at the same time. It was like being back in my old body again, but even after a few weeks as a cyborg, I had already grown accustomed to having standard feelings. The lack of pain was eerily similar to how I had felt when I was trapped with my damaged nervous system, but the change had been necessary. I had taken fucking machete blows to my right leg and right arm, and I couldn’t be hampered by the agony of the severe knife wounds. 
Maria had pulled the machete-wielding assailant off me, but in the process she was ambushed by the attacker with the flamethrower. I had dropped my gun after practically having my arm cut off. Maria’s screams and the resulting commotion distracted the other two long enough for me recover my gun and shoot both of them. That was when the other two, hidden behind the ridge had shot Andy and Takeshi with the neurodarts. 
I was fortunate that my cyborg body was more ambidextrous than my human body had been. I could hear the electronics in my right arm sparking and grinding from the machete damage—whatever that thing had been made of, it hadn’t been regular steel. It had hacked nearly half way through my arm with barely any effort, and my hand was basically useless on that side. I held my machine gun in my left hand, aimed twice, shot twice, and killed twice. Two bullets, two kills. The Marines would have been proud of me. 
I was lucky that the machete had severed some of the biological and mechanical nerve wiring in my arm and leg, dulling some of the pain enough for me to think, but nonetheless, shutting off the remaining pain sensors in my body was a relief. I was able to cover the bodies more thoroughly with thorny bushes and chunks of cactus to help prevent animals from picking over the corpses. The logical part of my brain told me that I would want to come back for their bodies if I survived. 
Perhaps if our assailants had been armed with regular weapons we would have had a chance. I blamed Malcolm. There was no way The Witnesses would have such advanced weapons on their own—even the simple machete had been made from sophisticated materials. And if Andy and Takeshi had been shot with regular bullets, perhaps we would have been able to save them. If I hadn’t been so immediately wounded by the knife strike, Maria might not have gotten blasted by the napalm while we were both trying to make sure that I didn’t get decapitated. 
	There was no burning sting craving vengeance in my psyche, no screaming voice crying for justice, even though I rationally knew that there should be. If I dug back into my neural code, there would be someone crying out in pain, crippled by loss. I had done a very quick, truly dirty hack job tearing through my own databases. There was so much unfamiliar wetware in my system that I really had no clue what I was doing. 
But I couldn't just sit there, letting myself slowly starve to death, consumed by pain and grief, unable to move, unable to make their deaths mean something. Andy had truly done a beautiful job creating the hardware/wetware interface. It was so intricate and complex that I would have needed weeks to understand half of its sophistications. But I hadn’t had weeks. Every minute that passed was another minute where I was in danger of succumbing to system failure, and of Malcolm moving to another location, or of another contingent of Witnesses coming after us. I assumed that the only reason it hadn’t happened yet was that the remaining Cowboys had done such a good job of detaining or dispatching the main contingent of them back at our compound. 
	And so I had weed wacked my way through my own neural tissue, cutting off the pathways controlling all my pain receptors and the main bundle of fibers connecting to much of my limbic system as well. I did my best to maintain other essential functions, like higher-level cognition and homeostasis regulation, and I hoped that I hadn’t literally lobotomized myself in the wrong way. There was concern that I might have done some permanent damage, just as Andy said was a risk if I went poking around blindly inside my own head, but it was a risk I had to take. There was no time to waste. 


CHAPTER 40: THE LONG WALK

	Of all the places for Malcolm to have been hiding out, I would never have imagined it would be a dirty trailer park in the middle of the desert on the outskirts of burned out Phoenix. I’m sure he had other, official bases of operation, but when he caught word of our plots, he likely moved closer, and to a place unlikely to be found since it was so far off the grid. I was sure that he had been tipped off by The Witnesses about our location in Sedona, that they had let him know that we were vulnerable, and that we were planning something. Before he died, Takeshi said that the government had some connections to The Witnesses under the table, and given their lust for petroleum, it wasn’t surprising to find them working together. 
	I had lost communication with home base, and I had no idea if our entire compound had been destroyed, if we had succumbed to the massive attack on our territory by Witnesses. I hadn’t heard a word from Maria or Rolando in those three days. They alone had stayed behind in the control room to try and stabilize the situation. In some ways, I had been glad that my communication device had been destroyed in the sneak attack by Malcolm’s goons. With my emotions shut down, it didn’t make as much of a difference, but before I’d hacked my own brain, knowing that everyone else was dead might have caused me to finally lose it. 
	That damned moon was the only thing lighting my way as I limped across the hot sands. It was amazing, the sharp difference in climate we experienced directly after leaving our enchanted valley, and I had wondered again exactly how we were achieving such miraculous environmental control. There had been so much to learn from Andy and his brilliance. So many things that I would never know now that he was gone. 
I’d been walking for a long time on my injured leg. I remembered MC’s stripped leg from back when we were first escaping Tucson. My arm and leg looked far worse than that, and I had no knives with which to strip the torn dermis off the damaged mechanics. Corrosion would set in soon, and there was likely no saving the limps. If I managed to come back alive, they would need to be replaced. 
	When everything had gone wrong, when the virus had been blocked by multiple copies of Malcolm’s projected consciousness, we were simultaneously attacked by the horde of Witnesses. All of our mechanohorses were engaged in the battle, or out in the field with the rest of the Cowboys at the nuclear plants. When I managed to get a bead on Malcolm, sniff out his location, to my ultimate frustration, I hadn’t been able to hack his system from afar. I’d managed to keep Malcolm from breaking into our computers, but that was as far as I got. We were at an impasse. 
	And so we only had one other option: go after him in the flesh. He had already figured out our location from The Witnesses, so there had been nothing to hide there, but he had done a damned shitty job of cloaking his physical location. Rookie mistake for someone who was such an experienced hacker. These guys lived so long in their own virtual bubbles that they forgot that there was more than one way to be cracked into—and I was planning on cracking into his skull. 
	We’d taken out the last two real horses left in our compound, and the going was slower given the speed and endurance limitations of the live animals. Ultimately, speed hadn’t been the biggest problem. In the end, the mortality of the horses, the frailty of their lives had left them dead, shot within minutes of our surprise encounter with The Witnesses. Mechanohorses would have had a much better chance at survival, if they’d managed to stay away from the flamethrower. Beyond the psychological effects of being the only living thing left alive from our party, it left me hobbling slowly as I was, one damaged foot in front of the other through the empty desert, chasing that trailer park stench that I could smell from miles away. 
	Using the moon and the scent to navigate, despite my lack of coordinates, I was confident that I was inching towards my goal. I had one clip of bullets left. And I wanted to make every one of them count. 

CHAPTER 41: CHERUBS AND TRAILERS

	At last, the trailer park was in site. Rotting, rusting hunks of steel sinking into the sand after years of abandonment. The stench of decades of food and grease, decaying and rancid inside the cheap tin-can house, was overpowering. My sense of smell was more acute than most other people, and it always had been, but even so, I didn’t understand how anyone could stand being inside one of those fetid trashcans for more than five minutes. My only explanation again was that phenomenon of being jacked into a computer for too many hours a day, for too many years—you just started forgetting how to process things in relation to the real world. Reality stopped mattering, and you became something almost more digital than a cyborg. 
	There was one light on in the trailer park, one tin can blazing out into the ferocious night. I could see someone’s still shadow behind cracked, yellowed venetian blinds. I saw no other shadows—it looked like he was alone, but I knew better than to trust that. I considered firing through the window, but I was sure that my presence had probably tripped an alarm system of some kind, and I had limited bullets to work with. He had to be sensible enough to at least put in some kind of crude early warning system. I could feel the fatigue weighing me down, slowing my system. Though I couldn’t be critically wounded by blood loss, I had bled profusely from the machete wounds, and it significantly contributed to my overall state of dehydration and general physical decay. It was getting harder and harder to think clearly. 
	I stood motionless in the shadow of the trailer for several minutes, staring at Malcolm’s silhouette, the machine gun hanging from my left hand. I blinked hard, the light from the moon and the trailer blurring and leaving afterimages across my retinas. No brilliant plan came to mind, and I was rapidly decompensating. I shook my head, and simply walked up to the door. 

	I easily kicked in the flimsy aluminum door with my one good leg, but struggled to balance for the split second that I had to put all of my weight on the ruins of my right leg. My dramatic entrance was somewhat diminished by the extra seconds it took me avoid completely buckling under the damaged leg and landing on my ass. I righted myself, but it cost me a few critical seconds that could have meant the end of me. I braced myself to feel the bite of steel or a slug of lead slamming through another part of my body. 
	Nothing happened. 
	I stood in a dark narrow hallway, and I was glad that I couldn’t see most of the contents of the trailer. The smell alone was enough to tell me what horrors probably lay in the kitchen. A single room to my right was lit up by a bare yellow bulb protruding from the crumbling ceiling. It looked like there had been carpet at one point, but it had long since rotted or been eaten away by moths and other parasites. Dirty brown linoleum showed between the tattered remains of the carpeting. 
There was a single desk in the grimy little room, with a single broken office chair listing to one side on cracked rollers. Malcolm stayed still in this seat, awake, but completely unperturbed. His fingers clacked merrily across the keyboard of a modestly sized laptop, and I saw lines of code flying across the screen. I raised my left hand straight forward, the machinegun pointed squarely at the back of his head. 
	“You can go ahead and shoot,” he said. “I never got a report back from my men, so I figured at least some of you were still coming this way.” His voice was calm and quiet. He had long blond hair that fell past his shoulders, and a lanky physic belying his sedentary lifestyle. If he hadn’t been so underweight, he would have looked like one of the surfers I used to see floating around the waves when I was a kid. 
	He turned around and met me with deep blue eyes. Something twisted in my head, like a small shock dancing through my brainwaves, and sn inexplicable twinge ran through my gut. His eyes reminded me of Andy. Perhaps it was just the fatigue, or perhaps there was a kink in my own botched lobotomy. I shook my head softly to try and dislodge the sensation, but not too hard—jerky movements were making me increasingly dizzy. 
	“I don’t need this body anymore,” he said and smiled. His eyes dazzled with wonder, and the child-like grin triggered another memory. I had met him before, very briefly when we were still at the DoD. He had been very young when they’d brought him in, perhaps eight or nine. I remembered seeing him bounce through the halls, jumping from room to room looking for computers and any other equipment that he could get his hands on. His hair had been curly then, and he had looked like an innocent cherub floating through the division. Maria had corrected everyone about his harmless appearance, warning our superiors that the cheerful little kid was actually a devious sadist. 
	My gut was telling me just to shoot him, but if possible I needed to extract any information that I could before dispatching him. “Oh?” I said, and it sounded dumb even to me, but I didn’t want to risk slurring my speech. 
	He leaned back and used his hands to briefly pull his long hair into a ponytail, accentuating the pointy cheekbones in his pale, gaunt face. He wore a dirty white t-shirt and jeans with holes in the knees. If not for the plentiful hair, he would have looked like a surfer on chemo. “You’ll find out soon enough anyway, if you make it out of here. You’re not looking so hot. I’ve got some tools in the back—I could try to help fix you up,” he said with the look of a rapist sizing up his victim. His eyes hung on the gaping wound and exposed electronics in the right side of my body, hungrily pouring over the defects like he was still a little kid and my body was a toy to play with. 
	“No thank you,” I said, doing my best not to let my gun hand waver. There was no problem with muscle fatigue for my cyborg body, but I was rapidly losing coordination. 
	He shrugged. “You’re no fun. I remember that about you. You never were any fun. You never wanted to play. I used to call you the boring statue lady because you used to just stare at everyone and not talk.” He looked me in the eye. “Looks like that hasn’t changed much, except now I can call you the boring robot lady,” he said and grinned again. 
	I swallowed, but said nothing, mentally giving him a few moments to reveal any important information before I blew his brains out. 
“So, how does it feel to be liberated from your body? Was it wonderful? I heard about what they did to you. How they shot you in the head and kept you drugged up at a Farm. I felt bad, but you know, it was your fault for betraying our government like that,” he said calmly. 
I realized that he had literally grown up at the DoD. It was like his family, and despite whatever sociopathic tendencies he may have had from an early age, he had a true loyalty to the government and its misguided missions. It was a perfect match in many ways.  
I remained silent, letting him talk, which he seemed glad to do. “But even that new body of your is cumbersome, it’s flawed. Look at it now, falling apart. You look like you’re about to collapse at any second, I can practically see your systems shutting down one by one,” he said. He was right, but there was no way that I was going to dignify that with a response. 
He folded his skinny arms across his dirty t-shirt and swiveled from side to side a bit in the rickety chair. “My, but look at you. You’re quite the specimen. I have to say I’m a bit jealous. You’re immaculate as an amalgam of man and machine,” he said. 
I wanted to tell him that he murdered the man that created this body. A man far better than he would ever be. It was anger creeping in. My own programming wasn’t holding; emotions were seeping in, a further sign that I was headed for a total systems meltdown. 
“But that whole line of thinking is outdated, you know. That’s why I never put half the energy that I could have into smoothing out the rough edges in my cyborg models. Thanks for the design blueprint by the way—I heard that you were the one that designed the basic plans back before you were taken prisoner. Even without much modification, they work pretty well,” he said, and I thought of Rolando. In a way, I was partially his creator. All of the enslaved cyborgs were like my stolen children. And if it were up to me, if I could just hold on long enough, I would still do something to set them free again. 
He licked his lips, tracing a line of pale stubble forming on his chin. “No, you see the real place to be looking to is not the meshing of man and machine, but to the total abandonment of corporeal bodies. Look at this world. Look at what it’s done to you and to your friends. This is no land to live in anymore. Too much has gone wrong with it,” he continued. 
So ironic, since the continued destruction of our planet was, in such a large way, his fault. The natural disasters were a part of it, sure, but worldwide misuse of unclean energy and associated terrorism were the real culprits. And as we continued to destroy the ecosystem, so the natural disasters continued to propagate and destroy what we had remaining of our tortured planet. 
I swallowed hard, only speaking when I was sure that I could hold my voice steady. “You want to become bodiless. Live not in one machine, but all machines,” I said. 
A manic look of glee lit up his face. “Yes! Yes that’s it exactly. Why live in one body when you can be free, timeless and ultimately powerful, just like a god? I will be an angel of the machines, flitting between systems at my will,” he proclaimed. 
And that explained how he was able to thwart our virus attack. Our virus had been developed to change and mutate to natural attempts by the system to protect itself, but it was no match for a powerful, sentient programmer actively blocking it. We had anticipated only having to deal directly with one plant being defended by Malcolm at a time, where we could try to track him and block his network attacks from the outside. But instead we had found hundred of Malcolms lurking behind the servers at each plant. He had cloned himself hundred of times, and an army of cyber clones was waiting to keep our virus in check. The last time I had checked, before leaving to track down Malcolm in person, the virus was still alive in all of the operating systems of the power plants, but the Malcolm clones were keeping them from delivering their final blow to the coercion system. We had all assumed that Malcolm himself was keeping those clones going, and if we destroyed him, we’d destroy the clones, and the viruses that The Cowboys had risked their lives to deliver would be free to rampage through the power plants. 
And now I knew that he had set up something far more elaborate, and killing him might not necessarily delete the clones. He wanted me to kill him, had probably wanted to get rid of his corporeal body for some time, but was unwilling to commit suicide. I was here doing him a favor. 
A sudden resolve coursed through my body, and I stood up straighter, steadied my wavering hand that was still holding the machinegun, and re-sighted it directly between his eyes. “You know to make me, to create an actual imprint of my mind to implant into this cyborg body, probes were inserted deep into my brain. Invasive and extensive modeling was done of my cerebrum to give me this level of true consciousness transfer,” I said. “Only a genius like Andy could pull off something like that. He was a prodigy whose life you snuffed out. You’re just a hack. A copycat. A wannabe. I will do what you want, and help you leave this world so that you can try and join the cybersphere, but I guarantee you, you are throwing away your life just to become an empty chunk of ones and zeroes. Goodnight, motherfucker. See you on the other side,” I said, and pulled the trigger. 

CHAPTER 42: TO SING FOR MARIA

	I thought that I’d died, and I wondered what happened to machines when they passed away. Maybe we did return to cyberspace, to float among circuits and binary energy, flipping on and off processes in the search for consciousness again. But if I were dead, I was still dreaming, and that didn’t make sense. I dreamed of my balloon and the ocean, of seals calling from the rocks and sharp bits of shells poking my heels. But I reached out, plunging my hands into the wet sand topped with fresh sea foam. I dug in, searching for cyberspace, my fingers probing for arrays and chunks of code, but it was as though the sand itself was encrypted, and I couldn’t break through the first layer. 
	I cried with my cheek pressed against the soft salty sand, wondering if I would ever get my balloon or my code back. 

	When I woke from the dream, the smell was what tipped me off; I wasn’t dead. I wasn’t trapped in cyberspace. I was back in the lab, back in the basement in Sedona. 
	Back in my old body. 
	I flung open my eyes violently, needing to scream but having no mouth to do so—there was a tube down my throat. This body could no longer breath on its own, could barely pump its own heart. Why was I back here again? It was then that I remembered Andy. I remembered what had happened, remembered watching him die, but it was so foggy again. But those memories shouldn’t have been in this body. This body had been down here in the basement, slowly dying. 
I wanted to stand up. To yell and fight at the injustice of it all. To just end this miserable existence. But I found that all I could move was one finger on one hand, and my eyelids. Nothing more. Why was I trapped here like this? Was this some cruel game being orchestrated by Malcolm and his cronies? No, it couldn’t be. I’d shot Malcolm in the head. 
Maria walked in, and tears were streaming down her face. This was something that I’d never seen before. Maria did not cry. 
“Look,” she said, wiping her face and trying to clear her voice. “I know you’re scared, but this was the only way. Your cyborg body was badly damaged, but it’s fixable. We will fix it, you will be okay again, but we just don't have time now. Andy and Takeshi are dead. I think you know that. I managed to track down your coordinates and get to your cyborg shell before you died, and I recovered Andy and Takeshi’s bodies. I did a crude overlay mapping of the memories collected by your cyborg body back onto this human body, just so that you might be able to understand some of what is needed from you right now.” 
“Andy and Takeshi died,” she repeated. “But the way in which they were killed, with those neuro-electrical slugs, suggests that there is still electrical energy stowed in their brains. Enough, perhaps, to do what we did for you—hard, full neural transplant into a cyborg shell. We made soft imprints of everyone at an earlier point in time, for the purpose of research around the time when we used my imprint to make MC. I think we can use it to fill in the gaps of anything that we might not be able to extract of their current imprints.”
 She stopped, sucking in air quickly before moving forward. “But this is Andy’s specialty, and we don’t have him. We don’t have him, and you’re the next best thing. You need to examine the hardware, and figure out how to write a program that will get them out of those dead bodies,” she paused again, gasping to catch her breath as tears continued to roll down her face. 
She started sobbing louder. “Please, Orchid. Please. I know how much you must be suffering, but you have to do this. My Takeshi. Your Andy. They’re all we have. We have to save them,” she said. 
But how? How could I do anything when I could barely move, and was half dead myself. And then I remembered how I had communicated with MC that day that seemed so long ago now, back in the deserts of Tucson. 
I needed another cyborg. I needed Rolando. 
“Will you help us?” she said. “Are you in there, Orchid?” I blinked once for a hard yes, struggling to figure out how to tell her that I needed another cyborg. 
“Yes! You are in there,” she cried. “I’ll go get Rolando.” 
I should have known—Maria already understood, already had a plan. 
She returned minutes later, sprinting into the room with Rolando at her side, carrying a large laptop computer. After booting up the machine he took my working hand, and I tried tapping out a message in binary machine code in his palm. He repeated the message back to me, and I blinked once to confirm that he got it correct. Maria yelled in Triumph. This might work. It was my old body, my old brain, and I knew exactly how to tackle this code. 
Rolando started pounding the keys, and we got to work. 
CHAPTER 43: ONLY IN DREAMS

	This time when Maria sedated my body, I didn’t dream again. At least I didn’t dream as before. It just felt like the floating I’d done all those years at The Farm—hovering in the dark, lukewarm water. But this time, I sensed that I was going somewhere, like I was traveling to a new place. I thought I saw the red balloon again, bobbing away into the darkness, and I chased after it, floating along that dark current with my hand outstretched. 

CHAPTER 44: SECOND LIFE

	I woke up again with a headache worse than the one when I had beaten the entire Cowboy squadron at that game of “drink the most bootleg tequila.” But I could move, and I knew instantly that I was back in my cyborg body. I looked down, and my arm and leg had been repaired, looking good as new, because they really were. Someone had replaced my damaged parts for me. 
	I blinked a few times, and thought I must have finally done it. Between the physical damage, the multiple consciousness transfers, and the unauthorized self-lobotomy hacking, I must have finally fried whatever semblance of a brain that I still had left. I saw Andy walking towards me, wearing his typical blue scrubs. 
	“Is that really you?” I said, sitting up too quickly and grabbing both sides of my head as a bolt of pain shot through it. 
	He took a seat on the bed next to me and wrapped his arms around my shoulders. “Yes, it’s really me. Seems to be most of me too—I think I managed to get everything of myself into this shell. I think I managed to get most of you back too, and I mean all of you, which is probably why you have such a terrible headache,” he said, holding me tightly. 
	I started crying. “I thought I’d never see you again,” I said. The wave of emotions told me that he had managed to reboot my limbic system and repair the damage I had done to myself out in the field. 
	“Maria got me back online first, using the program you built, which was amazing given the condition of your natural body. You, Rolando, and Maria saved me. Once I was up and functional, I was able to tweak my own system for optimal performance. Using the program you built and my modifications, I was able to get Takeshi up and running again too. It actually took me more time to put your fractured consciousness back together again, but I think you’re going to be just fine. We did it. We made it,” he said, pulling back so that I could see his eyes, which were still ever so blue, and brimming with tears of joy and relief. 
Everyone made, that is, except MC. 
	In the doorway, the shadow of a large figure appeared, wearing a pair of the same blue scrubs. I blinked a few times, not quite sure of what I was seeing. Andy turned around, hearing the heavy footsteps of the approaching man. 
	“Wyatt,” he said. “What’s the status?” 
	He shook his head. “The body has passed. I’m sorry, I did everything I could, but she held on as long as she could. There was just too much damage,” he said, his voice booming and echoing into the small hospital room. 
	Andy turned to face me, his eyes downcast for a moment, as though he didn’t want to meet my eyes. “You probably didn’t know that Wyatt is actual a field trauma surgeon—he patches up the Cowboys when they’re out on missions. He handled all of the injuries while we were…indisposed. He just volunteers at the saloon for fun when he’s off-duty,” Andy said. Well that was certainly a surprise. It was a further lesson about appearances being deceiving, as though we needed another reminder. 
	And then I processed what Wyatt had said. About the body. I swallowed hard. “He’s talking about me, isn’t he?” I said, putting the pieces together. “My body expired, didn’t it?”
	Wyatt and Andy both nodded. Andy took a deep breath and held it for a second before exhaling. “I’m sorry, I know that all of this has probably been beyond shocking to you, having been thrown back into that body again, and then having that body die. But I think I got you your wish. I think I retrieved the rest of your programming skills, without damaging your limbic system this time,” he said solemnly. 
	I laughed at the absurdity of it all. “You know, in some ways, it’s good. Both of our natural bodies are gone. There’s no ghost of me living in the basement anymore, yet we’re both alive, and we can move on. We can move forward,” I said. “Was everyone else able to make it out?” 
	There was another awkward silence, and a look passed between Andy and Wyatt. Wyatt cleared his throat. “There have been some casualties, but given the scale of the attack, and the reduced numbers we had on hand to fend them off, we were extremely lucky. We really gave it our all. The Witnesses have been driven off, and we refortified our borders against any further attacks. There have been some injuries in the field, out at the plants, some reports of radiation sickness, but overall we have been very fortunate. Jane is still out there, holding the teams in place until we can free the virus,” he said. 
	Jane was okay. I was glad, not just because I liked her, but for Rolando’s sake. We had grown to be good friends in a short period of time, given everything we’d had to do together. 
	I bit my lip. “So everyone made it from our team…except MC,” I said quietly, nearly whispering her name. Guilt grabbed my throat with sharp claws. 
	Tears started pouring down Wyatt’s face, and it was shocking to see the big confident man openly weeping, tears dripping onto the wide palms of his outstretched hands. I looked to Andy, not knowing what to say. 
	“MC was his wife,” he said softly, patting me on the back. A light bulb went on, and I flashed back to when MC told me that she wasn’t alone in this world, that she had someone. I just never would have thought it would be someone like Wyatt. It must have been strange for Takeshi to have his best friend basically married to a clone of his wife. But we all knew that MC was not just a copy of Maria; She had been a separate person in her own right. 
	My heart ached for Wyatt and his loss, and the guilt continued to stab me like I was bear hugging a saguaro. “We could…we could make her again,” I said, stumbling over my words. 
	Wyatt shook his head. “No. Copying her again from Maria wouldn’t bring her back, wouldn’t give me back those ten years that formed her cognizance, made her unique and special. She’s gone,” he said, and he was right. I thought of MC’s face as she watched the candles flicker and dance in the chapel wind. If we brought her back again, she wouldn’t ever be the same person. Somehow it was comforting to know at least, that she had been loved, just as she had been capable of loving. 
	Andy got up from the bed and gave Wyatt one big hug. They exchanged words too quiet for me to hear, and Wyatt plodded slowly down the hallway. There wasn’t much else to say, but I wished that I could run after him, tell him how sorry I was, but nothing I did would bring her back.
Andy returned to my side, and shined a light into both of my eyes to check my pupillary response. I winced as the brightness sent shooting pains through my head. 
“I’m going to give you something for the headache, and when you’re back to full functioning, we have to go upstairs,” he said.  “We have one last thing to do before we can relax. We have to kill the rest of Malcolm.” 
	
CHAPTER 45: GATHERING THE TROOPS

	We were all gathered in the control room again, just like old times—Andy, Maria, Takeshi, and I. Now we had the addition of Rolando, but somehow it still felt empty without MC. I put that thought aside. Grief and guilt would have to wait for another day. 
We had a job to do. 
	It was odd, looking at how the three of us, Takeshi, Andy, and I, had changed. We were the same, and yet so different, perfect cyborg copies of our former selves. Only Maria was left in her original body, and it was as though she was there to anchor us in reality, keep us rooted to the earth. And we were going to need it. We were going deep into cyberspace to grab the remnants of Malcolm by the balls and yank him out of there. 
	I sat at the center terminal, Andy and Rolando on either side of me, Maria and Takeshi taking point on the edges. Takeshi was manning the security system again, communicating with Jane to get information from the field so that we’d have some eyes on the ground when we started going up against Malcolm’s cyber clones. We had a huge advantage in that I had an access point to begin sniffing him out, from the terminal in the trailer park. I had a feeling that the main branch of his consciousness was acting like a puppet master, and if I erased that one, we’d be in the clear. 
	“I’ll know in a moment how much backup I think I might need. Ideally I’ll go in alone, and the rest of you will act as reinforcements to help control any rogue clones that might appear or try and block any of my attacks,” I said, and they all nodded, taking their places, fingers ready and waiting at their terminals. 
	As soon as I put my hands on the keyboard, I knew. A smile slowly spread across my entire face. “I’m back.” I said. “I’ve got this.” 
	
CHAPTER 46: CYBER WAR

Andy had given me everything back. Everything and then some. Not only was I able to use all of the brain function that I’d had as a human, accessing all of those savant skills, but I still had the new abilities that I’d developed since becoming a cyborg and having to learn how to work around the changes in neural processing. I remembered the look on Malcolm’s face when he had been in the throes of his god complex, and I hoped that I didn’t look every bit as maniacal, because I felt invincible. Like code would just crumble at my presence, and firewalls would melt beneath my keystrokes. 
I closed my eyes, visualizing the pathway, an infinite array of data structures spread out before me. The cybersphere came together in an endless symphony of connected machines, a dense forest of control structures, variables, and subroutines, but I could see everything, how it all connected, how everything was beautifully intertwined in a blinking waltz of data. I opened my eyes, and code parted for me like the Red Sea. I warped into Malcolm’s data space unimpeded, zooming along fiber optic highways in the blink of an eye, and came face to face with an ugly tangle of files. It was him, I was sure of it. The code was inelegant, shoddy, just like everything else he’d done. 
I approached the mass, and out of the collection of files his face appeared to me. His virtual representation of himself was disturbing—it had his adult face, but the curly angelic hair of his childhood. It had no body, just a massive head surrounded by those frizzy blond ringlets. I had no idea what that said about his ego, but I wasn’t here to psychoanalyze him. 
“Hello, Orchid,” he said. “We meet again so soon. Thank you for helping to free me—you did me a great favor.” 
I didn’t even bother to coalesce myself into an avatar—there was no use programming a visual representation of myself. I didn’t plan on being here long. 
I laughed at him. He had no idea what a pathetic shadow he’d made of himself. He’d left his code bare behind a pathetic encryption that I’d be able to shred in seconds. He had truly turned himself into a weak, useless facsimile of his former self. I almost felt sorry for him. Almost. And then I thought of all that he’d done to us, how he’d killed MC, destroyed Andy and Takeshi’s human bodies, and violated our sanctuary. He was standing between us and the freedom of hundreds of sentient beings, and the enslavement of an entire planet to dirty energy. 
“No. Thank you for making it so easy to get rid of you,” I said. 
His head laughed back at me, the curls bouncing up and down, but at a pitifully slow frame rate.  Even his avatar was woefully inadequate, like the bad computer graphics in movies from the last century. 
His blue eyes blinked, and a viral attack slammed into my bodiless data structures. I extended a mental hand, and the sad little chunk of the malicious program broke apart and fell into cracked spools of code, like broken marbles at my feet. The head stopped laughing, its eyes wide in shock at the site of its program lying in ruins after only a few seconds. It never stood a chance. 
Back in my seat in the control room I smiled. “Thank you again for making it so easy to dispatch you,” I said and raised my mental hand once more, pointed right between those two baby blue eyes. “Goodnight again, motherfucker. This time, it’s for keeps.” 

CHAPTER 47: RACE TO THE TOP

	Andy was sitting alone in the chapel, looking out through the collage of glass panes to gaze over the valley at the top of Bell Rock. My footsteps echoed in the quiet building, and little twirls of smoke wafted into the air as I lit the multitude of candles. 
	When the chapel was filled with the glow of a hundred white candles, I sat down next to Andy. I rested my head on his shoulder, and he took my hands in his. I would be forever scarred with the memory of his dead body, but there was a certain pleasant symmetry with both of us being cyborgs now. We had always made a great team, and now we had another chance to walk hand in hand for many years to come. I thought again of our wedding day, how the breeze from the canyons below had brought up the sweet scent of wildflowers. The cool wind had chilled my hands, and after placing the ring on my finger, Andy had enveloped them in his big warm palms. He told me that no matter what, he would do his best to keep me warm and safe for as long as we lived. 
Takeshi had an easier time adapting to being a cyborg than I thought he would, and he was already torturing Maria with his increased physical abilities. He had always been a daredevil, and now he was beyond incorrigible. Maria kept threatening to hit him with another neural disruptor if he didn’t settle the fuck down. Business as usual. 
Rolando had been overjoyed when Jane returned in one piece, and I hadn’t been able to stop myself from crying tears of relief when Jane came running up the hill to the chapel, dirty and tired, but uninjured, and embraced Rolando at the top of the platform. I still felt incredible guilt over not being able to save MC, and I wanted to cringe inside every time I came across Wyatt. Having my full range of emotions back along with the strange return of my programming savant talents was bizarre, like they were at odds with each other, and shouldn’t have been able to exist in the same body, but I was getting used to it, bit by bit. Andy kept teasing me to be careful not to let my head get too big now that I was able to feel so much pride at my skills. 
	It had been a hectic few weeks evacuating the cyborgs when Malcolm’s virtual clones evaporated and the virus went into effect. The freed cyborgs had been told that they were free to go anywhere and do anything that they wanted to, but many, if not most, had opted to come back to Sedona with the Cowboys. It had been easier than expected for Jane to move everyone out of there and back to safety—the massive power outage resulting from the cyborg exodus had crippled any concerted efforts that the government tried to make against the fleeing cyborgs. 
	The cyborgs and Cowboys were already working together to build emergency living facilities for the newcomers, and they were already making great progress. Cowboy town was growing by the day. Takeshi, Wyatt, and Jane were instrumental in making sure that there was harmony between the two groups, and as result new friendships were being forged. The Cowboys were happy to have them amongst their ranks as extra security—our borders were more fortified than ever, and any interlopers didn’t stand a chance against our growing army of enforcers. 
	I lifted my head and ran a hand through Andy’s spiky mop of red hair, giving him a good tousle. “Hey you rascal, you know you haven’t even had a chance to really test drive that body of yours. You haven’t gotten to see just how much fun it is to be a cyborg yet,” I said, kissing the top of his head. 
	He laughed, his blue eyes sparkling with amusement. “You’re right. We’ve been a little bit busy for some reason,” he said. 
	I clapped him on the shoulder and pointed out over the valley to the red peak of Bell Rock. 
	“Care to go for a ride?” I said. 

We sat on the top of the gritty rock where MC had taken me on my first real day as a cyborg, and stared out over the beauty of our territory below. Sand and rocks crunched beneath our legs, but neither of us seemed to mind, and we relaxed with the soft wind blowing through our hair. Like everything else he did in life, Andy had learned quickly how to manipulate his cyborg body, and with in minutes he had already caught up to my speed. He had designed these bodies after all—it wasn’t surprising that he was able to gain mastery over his physical abilities so quickly. We had raced to the top of the peak, jumping from rock to rock like MC had taught me to do when she had still been alive. Despite the differences in our time as cyborgs, we tied, flipping up to the final peak at precisely the same moment, in rhythm as a perfect team, like we’d always been. 
I could see some of the activity down in Cowboy Town to the south, a combination of the usual bustle around the saloons at lunch hour, and the increased commotion from the housing construction. I thought I could barely make out the white dot of Andy’s house—our house—off by the river to the north. 
“Do you think maybe we could sleep there tonight,” I said, pointing in the direction of our home. 
He thought about it for a minute. “I don’t see why not. I think we all deserve a break.” He looped an arm around my waist. “You know, with the power plants all shut down, I think we might be able to take a trip to the ocean. I know how much you miss it. I promised you we’d try to go out there before you were kidnapped, but we never got a chance,” he said. 
I smiled from ear to ear, and for just a moment, I thought I could see a red balloon floating past the silhouette of our white house in the distance. “I would love that,” I said. “More than you can imagine.” 
The days were racing by so quickly, and we had so much left to do, so much work was left to be done. It was so easy to forget that the rest of the country was in absolute chaos, while we got to live our daily lives in the sanctuary of our fertile valley. I justified our luxury to myself by thinking of how we would restore the world to its former glory, maybe even better than it was before. Once we spread clean solar energy and mounted a large-scale effort to introduce our ecosystem-healing cyborg plants to more and more areas, I had faith that we would start to see a change. Not only would nature and machine live side by side, but they would integrate with each other, healing and growing together in perfect symbiosis. Our very bodies were a living testament to this possibility of man and machine melding harmoniously to create something better, more powerful and stronger than the original. 
I breathed a heavy, contented sigh, putting my head back on his shoulder, the comforting bristle of his short red beard prickling the side of my face. “Now what do we do?” I asked. 
	He kissed me. “Now? Now we go forth, deliver this country from darkness. It’s time to turn the lights back on again.” 




	
