THIRD EYE PATCH

By

Kevin Donohue and Mark Lind-Hanson





THIRD EYE PATCH
By
Kevin Donohue and Mark Lind-Hanson

All characters, places, organizations, applications, and events appearing in this work are fictitious. Any resemblance to real persons, living or dead, or real places, organizations, applications, and events, is purely coincidental.

Copyright 2013 Kevin Donohue and Mark Lind-Hanson
ISBN: 9781301927401

Smashwords Edition 2013 by Kevin Donohue and Mark Lind-Hanson
Thank you for downloading this ebook. This book remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be redistributed to others for commercial or non-commercial purposes. If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own copy from their favorite authorized retailer. Thank you for your support.

 Cover Illustration: Minette Fallon

Dedicated to Stephen Swisher and Rose Kaszycki


Table of Contents

Preface
Book 1 The Fraud
Book 2 Planned Obsolescence
Book 3 Beta and the Void
Book 4 Expedition
Book 5 The Center Of The Earth
Book 6 Patch
Book 7 Beta's War
Book 8 Things Fall Apart
Book 9 The Center Cannot Hold
Book 10 Jennifer's War
Book 11 Contracts and Prenuptials
Book 12 Realignment 
Book 13 Emergence
Epilogue
Excerpt from THIRD EYE PATCH Part 2

Preface

Before there was an Internet or OtherNet, there was the NOUS. Greek for the potential of universal awareness and understanding, this idea was expounded on by the philosopher Michael Chen, with his Static Sphere. The idea of a universal mind and humanity’s place in it has now evolved further than ever dreamed of by the ancients. The onset of nano-electronics has ushered us into a Brave New World of Discovery. We now are in the Age of Navigation. Brave scouts have already passed beyond the known limits of our solar system…
This account is for the benefit of those who have not attained union with the Nous, although their numbers are decreasing daily. We are indebted to the surviving handwritten notebooks of Mike Chen and Boffin Syznic for those insights that are not exclusive to electronic means.


Book 1 The Fraud

It is not for us to try and understand the motives of the terrorists who hide and plot among us. No, that is a task best left to psychologists, criminologists, and sociologists. It is far better for us to recognize, identify and effectively neutralize these malcontents, like the cyber-terrorist and mass-murderer Michael Chen, aka ‘The Grasshopper’. We must be ever alert and diligent in order to root out these homegrown enemies from our midst, these anarchistic ideologues who conspire to seize control of the Internet and bring down our free society, which is still the envy of the world and the Last Great Hope of Mankind.
— President Phillip Hammer, from his Sept. 28 address to the nation.

The weirdest thing about being America's Most Wanted is seeing my frowning mug on the television news and the newspaper racks. Everybody, from NCC News to the New York Times are running that very same picture, the one that was kindly provided by the FBI. (Thanks, guys!) I have no idea where and when it was taken—maybe at Barney’s Books in West Hollywood? After all this time, and all of the harassment and surveillance, is that really the best shot that they have of me? I’m sure that my publisher would be more than happy to donate one of my promo pictures if they asked him politely! I may be paranoid (after all, they did frame me for setting off that bomb) but I am beginning to suspect that they went out of their way to find the most menacing (and unflattering) photo they could find of me, the dirty bastards! Now THAT'S really playing dirty! The nerve of them, and so unfair! Look, from my vantage point here, being the object of all this attention, I wish I had a way to get a message out to the powers-that-be with a helpful suggestion for the spinmeisters in the Government and the Media. Think about it: From a psychological standpoint, wouldn't it be much better if they actually showed me SMILING, instead? The Evil Grasshopper, the most dangerous man in America, with the biggest, widest, shit-eating-aw-shucks grin ever to end all? Maybe it's just me, but I would think that a grinning, happy terrorist is much more scary than a frowning, brooding, pissed-off one, don’t you think? One thing that I have learned from all of this is that Evil can be jolly! A goofy, grinning terrorist is totally hardcore and definitely gets my vote, hands down, no contest!
—Mike Chen, Oct. 3, Sky Dome, Willits CA

1: Mr. Natural Takes A Fall

All men are frauds. The only difference between them is that some admit it. I myself deny it.  
— H. L. Mencken

May 31-June 2, San Francisco, CA
The Fraud was summoned to his higher calling by virtue of an intense life passage. Some might call it a midlife crisis, but for Mike Chen, a man of considerable imagination and charisma, nothing was ever that mundane and simple. His awakening was more or less akin to stepping on an unseen rake in the grass and getting whacked right between the eyes. That was the story of his life, and he could only smile.
His wealth and celebrity had been nothing but a fluke, a lucky roll of the dice, and as the years passed, he coasted on the reputation that he had indeed brought something substantial to the table. In truth, his good fortune had been the result of a youthful burst of inspiration, and other people’s hard work and skillful promotion.
Chen wasn’t ungrateful, and to his credit he was very reasonable and spread the wealth around. Life was good, and it was fabulous to be rich! The roller coaster ride lasted for more than a decade, but nothing lasts, and those heady days were now long gone—along with the money.
It was now time to come clean. He could not elude the hubris and reality of approaching middle age, and when the moment of truth arrived and the veil of illusion was lifted from his eyes (however momentarily), he looked at himself in the mirror and admitted that sure, he was a Fraud, and had always been one—but mostly to himself. Surely his many admirers had never seen him as anything more than an entertaining fellow who took their money honestly, and left them laughing, right?
So what was the problem? Well, for one thing, he was broke and he didn’t like it. Millions of dollars had gone through his fingers during the last 15 years or so, but he didn’t have much to show for it. A comeback was in order, but his creative juices had long dried up, or so he thought.
Fifteen years ago he had been a well-known writer with a few bestsellers; book of the month club and so on. The national media had dubbed him ‘The Prince of the New Age Wellness Circuit’, although he thought of himself more as the jester. No sacred cows were immune from his barbs and he was disliked and avoided by the various gurus, phonies, and hucksters on the scene. But he did have a following, mainly in university towns, and at the peak of his popularity could fill up an auditorium and sell lots of books and curios. Life was good, and so were the perks and the groupies.
But his fifteen minutes had passed, and so had the royalties. Speaking engagements had staunched the bleeding and kept him in a comfortable lifestyle for an interval, but his careless and indifferent spending (and budgeting) practices were his downfall. He loved beautiful women, but he spent way too much money on them. Mike never seemed to be fazed by the revolving door, although his second wife, sweet as she was, pretty much cleaned out the till.
Waxing philosophic bullshit was one way he dodged the undeniable and inconvenient truth with his friends and dwindling audiences.
“What do we really own? Well, how about our DNA and our families? Not to mention our talents, abilities, education, and character… and our debts, of course! But if or when our possessions, gadgets, and illusions of comfort and security are finally stripped away, we all must take a good look in the mirror and ask ourselves, just what are the important things, the vital things, the things that we just can't live without? —Does anybody in the audience want to buy a talking dog?”
(pause for laughter and applause)
 For Michael Chen, he did ‘own’ a confident wit, a rich and sonorous speaking voice, a confident stage presence, and a handy talent to entertain large audiences without saying anything of substance or importance. His greatest asset was his ability to read the moment, run with it, and skillfully dodge the catcalls and the rotten tomatoes. Among his lesser known talents: a fine singing voice, and a talent for blues harp that would give Paul Butterfield a run for his money.
 As the days and months and years went by, there still were gigs to be had, although his take-home pay was nothing like the good old days. He began to work the New Age conference circuit as a master of ceremonies and warm-up act before the main acts and big shots. These days Chen felt more and more like a comedian filling in the dead time between the strippers! The only thing missing at these gigs was the hook, trapdoor, and the strippers themselves! (Although to this day, there are more than a few Goddesses and Priestesses around the scene, very willing to show a thing or two when prodded correctly! Some things never change.)
As his fortieth birthday approached, Chen knew that something had to give, because his tank was running on empty. Good things do happen for those who wait, he reasoned, because the blow of turning forty years old was softened, when a friend introduced him to Beta Bronski.
Mike could not believe his good fortune when Beta Bronski graciously accepted his invitation for a date. Beta was thirty years old, an absolute knockout, and in the prime of life. She was everything that Chen had ever dreamed (and fantasized) for, she was that special. OK, she did tend to be sullen and moody at times, but Mike took this as a challenge. His mission was to make her happy, and when he succeeded, life was bliss. Mike had to work hard for those moments, and was perplexed by her deep recurring melancholy. Her sad eyes suggested to him that being beautiful wasn’t always a bed of roses, and was sometimes a downright pain in the ass. People did tend to stare at her, Mike noticed on their first date.
On that first date, Beta right out confessed to him that she was a recovering alcoholic, and had an addictive personality. She had been on the wagon for two years, and she wanted Mike to know that up front.
“I also have a shallow addiction for clothes,” she warned him with a smile that gave him a shiver.
“I can live with that,” Mike smiled back at her.
Grateful for her honesty, and being already (mostly) moderate in his tastes, Mike made a note to further amend his lifestyle for her sake. He knew in his heart that Beta was someone special, and he was determined not to let her slip through his fingers. He called her again, found her agreeable, and they swept each other off their feet. Clinging to each other like castaways, the couple immediately made a splash at various literary events and parties in San Francisco. Mike was already a well-known figure, more or less, but Beta was new on the scene, and became the subject of gossip and great interest, with her blue eyes, glossy black hair, and her lithe and graceful figure. Mike was the first to admit that Beta was an asset, and quite a trophy for his ego. Beta was always gracious, and left a lasting impression on all who met her. Mike felt happier than he had been in years, and after two failed marriages, he thought that maybe Beta might be the one, the real one, the lucky third. Number three is always the charm, right? But Mike held back and told himself to be patient and go with the flow, because he didn’t want to spook her. Beta was worth waiting for, and he made a vow to himself to keep his belt buckled and not to sneak around behind her back. This indeed, was a big step for Mike Chen.
Beta however, did have a hidden and checkered past, with a history of drug abuse, promiscuity, and incidents of violence. She wasn’t very proud of that fact, and to her credit, she did turn her life around. She now sincerely strived with all her will to live a life of virtue, and with Mike by her side, she resolved to realize her dream, which was only to be a good and successful person, and be recognized as an equal player, determined to make her mark on the world. That being said, Beta Bronski could be extremely vain and stubborn at times, and that was her curse—or saving grace—depending on the circumstances.
Mike and Beta had been now together for a year, sharing a newly purchased house in the Upper Market District of San Francisco. (Mike had in fact had leased the house for a number of years, and they took advantage of the downturn in the housing market and low interest rates, and took the plunge.)
But financial problems loomed on the horizon, because Mike’s last hoarded and precious indemnity was only a sweet memory, mostly as a result of his second divorce and its inevitable cash-out, back taxes, and generally shitty bookkeeping. The economy had recently turned southward, and the paying customers were growing more fickle and frugal. Mike’s act had gotten a little stale, and his speaking engagements were down to about four or five a year—at least the good paying ones. And in the last year or so, rumors had spread around the ‘Wellness Scene’, that because of past pokes and jabs, Mike Chen had been blacklisted by ‘The Ascended Master’ aka Benjamin Grimm Wilde, of Edinburgh, Scotland, the ‘Bill Graham’ of the Wellness Lecture Circuit. Chen was declared ‘untouchable’ and was not to be booked, on the threat of broken legs and economic boycott.
One promoter, Kali Skyhawk of Star Gem Inspirational Seminars, said the hell with that, and booked Mike for an appearance in Seattle. Two days later, she was hospitalized with two broken legs. No charges were filed, because Kali claimed to have fallen down a flight of stairs. Ben Grimm had spoken, and nobody in the New Age Wellness circuit dared to book Mike after that.
Mike had to look elsewhere to earn a living. He tried peddling a science fiction novel (entitled Third Eye Patch, a jumbled and confusing tale about a scientific breakthrough that promised ‘Nirvana’ for the masses), and even Mike admitted that it was a poorly written mess, and he eventually burned the manuscript.
Mike’s last gig had been at a comic book convention, but it had paid the mortgage for a few more months.
His books were long out of print, and royalties were distant memories. Beta was now the sole breadwinner, and that was starting to strain their relationship. There it was: Mike needed to make some money, and he needed to do it now.
Just in time, when everything seemed to be hopeless, ‘Elrond’ of the Rivendell Festival called. He was the promoter of the annual blowout in Ashland, Oregon. Hobbits and elves from the wide world assembled to let down their hair (and their tunics) and spread more than a little money around. A lot of artisans and venders did quite well, and each paid a royalty to the promoters. Last year the ‘Hobbit Fest’ had actually turned a tidy profit, and this time around, Mike had been offered a piece of the action. For only $10,000, Mike would receive a percentage of the gate and concessions, which could be quite lucrative. Ashland was full of tourists and idle college kids.
“Green pastures for us hustlers, hucksters, and curio sellers,” Mike joked to Beta. “There is so much money in the air, all one has to do is pluck it! We can double, no, quadruple our investment!”
Beta was skeptical to say the least.
“Our investment? Did I miss something?”
Beta was sitting on $20,000 that she had squirreled away during the last few years, from her job as a paralegal. She had other plans for her savings, being convinced that she could start a profitable line of Fashion Headbands that would fill a hole in the market, and fulfill her dream to break free from the dead-end drudgery of her law clerk profession. Beta knew that she had the ‘fire in her belly’ to make her mark in the shark pool. She figured that she needed $30,000 for her venture to get off the ground.
Meanwhile, Mike was flipping out about the freaking Rivendell Festival, and his endless nagging was starting to drive her batty.
“This is a sure thing, honey! This will pull us out of the hole. Then we can launch Beta’s Bands!”
That was his nickname for her headband scheme. Beta however, had a better head for business, if not tact.
“I still think we should approach your ex-wife, Mike.”
“No, Beta! Absolutely not, never! I haven’t even spoken to Jenny in, hmmm, five years! Please honey, don’t ask.”
Beta knew that she had hit a soft spot. Mike’s first wife just happened to be Jennifer Morgan, a rich and successful businesswoman, who had brawled her way to the ‘top’ of her field, as a literary agent and promoter. She was well known in the Bay Area and frequently graced the local gossip columns. There were stories, and who knows? Some of them might even be even true, Beta smirked to herself.
Mike and Jen had hooked up when they were both starving undergrads at Cal. Together they had plotted, persevered, struck it rich, married, and divorced, all in a five year period. Mike marveled at how fast the last fifteen years had passed by. Where did the frigging time go? And as the years passed, Jennifer Morgan had prospered, while Mike had coasted and squandered his good fortune away.
Mike privately thought that Beta was a little jealous of Jenny, and he took great pains never to bring her up in conversation. But Beta always did, and Mike found it irritating, and pointless.
“Let’s leave Jenny out of this, Beta. —Rivendell! We can do this! This is a sure thing, I know it, I can feel it.”
Beta sighed, and threw in the towel. So much for ‘Mr. Natural’. It was just good old-fashioned chauvinistic pride that prevented Mike from seeking aid from his ex, which was unfortunate, because Beta was certain that it would be a profitable investment for somebody like Jennifer Morgan, but she let the touchy subject drop.
“OK, hon,” she said. “I’m just trying to be practical.”
Against her better judgment, Beta moved $10,000 from her private account into their joint account.

These enemies of freedom, such as Michael Chen, a ruthless and heartless ideologue, are driven by their utter contempt and hatred of Freedom and our time-honored values that we cherish here in these United States of America. We will not rest until the Grasshopper, his cohorts, and all of those who aid and abet them, are apprehended and prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law, and convicted by a jury of their peers, which is a far better and generous fate than the one that Michael Chen provided for his innocent victims.
— President Phillip Hammer
 

The night before Mike was to leave for Ashland, Mike and Beta lay long awake, and discussed the other things that Beta felt needed discussing. Mike’s nature was to laugh off the money matters and joke around, but Beta was having none of it.
“We are spreading ourselves thin, Mr. Natural. We still have immediate concerns. Don’t forget, we have to pay the next mortgage payment by the third, and both of the cars need to go in for servicing…”
Beta droned on, as Mike playfully caressed her. Sometimes Beta smiled, and removed his hand with ‘annoyance’, but those moments were few, to Mike’s disappointment, because when Beta smiled, the world smiled with her.
“Did you hear what I just said, Michael?”
“Excuse me, honey?”
“I said, I’m not coming to Rivendell. I can’t.”
“Beta, you have a lot of sick days.”
“So? I can’t leave right now, the firm is swamped at the moment.”
Beta clerked at Furman and Rifkin Law Offices in downtown San Francisco.
“What with the NoseBook vs. Twattle litigation looming, I can’t take time off right now. I’m hanging on by a thread down there, as it is.”
Mike didn’t argue; Beta was bringing home the bacon. He was disappointed, because he wanted to show Beta off at the Rivendell Festival, he admitted it. What was so wrong about that? Beta knew his game of course, and normally didn’t mind at all being ‘shown off’.
“Anyway, that’s not the only reason I can’t come, Mr. Cosmo. Someone has to go down and visit someone tomorrow. Have you really forgotten?”
“Oh my Bog…” Mike lay back, and smacked his forehead with his palm. “Oh man, I clean forgot about Pop!”
Mike’s dad was at that moment lying in the Hospice Wing at Belmont Hills Nursing Home, twenty miles south on the Peninsula. He was in fact dying, in the last stages of lung cancer.
“I’ll go,” said Beta, “He’s been asking for me, the last few weeks, as you know…”
Mike did know, and was in fact grateful for Beta’s support. Mike Chen Senior had taken a big shine to Beta, and according to the hospice fellow Syd, Beta’s visits were having a beneficial effect on the old man’s attitude and acceptance of his coming demise.
Mike wiped a tear from his eyes, and then another.
“I’m such a coward, a real chicken-shit.”
“Don’t cry, baby,” said Beta, with a trace of annoyance. Mike never could control his emotions, which always embarrassed her.
“You are such a fraud, my dear,” she added with a forced smile. “Here comes Mommy…”
She moved on top of him and gave him a lingering kiss. Mike responded, and together they plunged back into their private world where at least for a short while worries about money and bills and mortality would not penetrate. But deep down, Beta drifted on autopilot. Her cold heart knew that whatever she and Mike had, it wasn’t love. No, Mike was more like a refuge, a rock that she clung to. Was that bad, in itself? What was the alternative? Mike was the last nice guy in the world, and her last chance.
Last chance at what?
Beta knew the sad truth: She had no love in her heart, and never had. She couldn’t feel it, or even define it. Only love’s absence was real to her.
The Void.
Beta had no family, and was raised by a series of foster parents and their families. Good people, but Beta had never felt ‘love’ in their hearts. She never had kept close or lasting friends in school and beyond, during all those years leading up to meeting Mike. Lovers, oh yes, but so what? She couldn’t even remember most of their names any more, thanks to nearly a decade of booze, cocaine, and ecstasy!
Mike was a good man, to be sure, but was she a good woman? She didn’t even know what that meant. Mike’s easy tears reminded her of the sad truth: She often wished she could cry, just to know what it felt like, because Beta Bronski had never cried once in her whole life, not even as a little girl. Something was missing.
After making ‘love’, Beta dreamed about the Void.

The next morning, Mike contemplated things as he took his shower. Beta was right about one thing, he admitted to himself. He was a fraud, and it was high time he announced it to the ‘customers’.
It was a liberating thought. Maybe there was a book in all of this, and Mike’s mind began to plot.
“If everything I say is a lie, does that last statement count as a lie also?”
(Pause for laughter and applause)
These were Mike’s thoughts as he started the morning coffee, and prepared to drive from San Francisco to Ashland, Oregon.
“This book can write itself!”
Mike could almost hear the cash registers ringing in bookstores all across the fruited plain.

According to the FBI, this very same Mike Chen and his bloody band of conspirators came into a very large sum of money, right before he planted that bomb. How interesting. That in itself tells us all we need to know about the so-called motives and objectives of these homegrown cyber-terrorists. Such arrogant hypocrites! Michael Chen is nothing but a con-man and a shameless hustler who took the money—blood money! Isn’t that the way it always goes with these so-called ideologues? Follow the money! Greedy as they are, Chen and his confederates are dysfunctional ideological anarchists who, after enriching themselves, want to deny the rest of us our equal chance at obtaining and realizing the American Dream. Never forget that their main objective is to destroy the American way of life and the proud middle class that nourished and educated them. Why? Because they want to rebuild a new society in their own twisted image: A New World Order of Hi-Tech Overlords, ruling over a permanent peasant underclass.
—from an editorial by Thaddeus Spinner, Owner and CEO of NCC News

In the gloomy gray dawn, Beta waited in the front hallway in her bathrobe. Her damp raven black hair hung to her shoulders, and Mike could smell her strawberry shampoo, as she handed him his cell phone.
“Please don’t forget your phone this time.”
Mike’s annoying (and expensive) habit of losing or forgetting his phones was another bone of contention between them.
“You would forget your head if it wasn’t attached to your neck, Michael.”
Jokes aside, Beta wasn’t smiling much this morning. Mike knew that she was worried about the Rivendell venture, and her savings.
“I swear, we are going to turn a profit, honey. Let’s start planning for your startup, as soon as I get back.”
Beta looked doubtful, and Mike sighed inwardly: “Here we go again.”
“Mike, are you listening to me?”
“Sorry, honey. I was woolgathering. What did you say?”
“The phone. Why did you even buy the freaking thing? You don’t use it.”
“Sure I do. I just don’t like taking calls.”
Mike took her hands in his own, and his voice softened.
“Thanks for seeing Pop. Thanks for remembering.”
Beta waved it off. “Give my regards to all the brave hobbits, and the wise elves, of course.”
Mike replied with a sissy English accent: “Onward to Rivendell! I really need to speak to Gandalf The Grey…”
Beta smiled sadly, and turned to gaze at her reflection in the hallway mirror. Mike came up beside her and they locked eyes with each other in the parallel universe of the mirror. Maybe in the mirror world, things were a shade different, if only by the slightest percent of one degree, Mike mused to himself. Maybe in that world, Beta was carefree and happy.
(Mike and Beta laugh and smile as they stroll about, arm in arm, at the Rivendell Festival, greeting old acquaintances, and posing for pictures. “I’m so glad I came, Michael,” Beta whispers as she kisses him right on the stage to the crowd’s delight, as he kicks off the festivities.)
What Beta saw in the mirror was quite different, however. Her thought images were a bit darker, mundane, and melancholy: Another day at the treadmill, and a long drive after work amid rush hour traffic, just to visit and comfort a dying old man.
Mike’s happy fantasy vaporized as Beta turned away from the mirror. The spell was broken.
“Try using the phone this time! Give me a call if orcs attack the conference.”
Mike sighed. He hadn’t gotten a good laugh out of Beta in a coon’s age. Her smiles were always forced and frozen. Shrugging, he placed the phone on the hallway table, next to his car keys.
“I won’t forget. Where’s my thermos? Come on, give your daddy a kiss.”

One hour later, as Beta was on her way out the door, she saw it: Mike’s phone still sat on the hallway table. She froze in her tracks, as a depth charge exploded inside her brain. Normally the cool ice queen, Beta barely managed to keep it together. She had to stop herself from smashing the damn thing against the wall.
“Steady, steady,” she murmured as she stepped outside and locked the door behind her.

Kudos to Mike Chen and our comrades in the Northern California Cyber Underground! Well done, Chen, well done! Death to the War Pigs, Corporate Vampires, Robber Barons and Death Merchants! All hail the Grasshopper!
—The Bonny Black Prince, notorious UK anarchist, Sept. 28, on the pirate website ‘Sanctuary’

Mike drove north to Ashland. His Subaru had only a tape player, and the car was littered with tapes. Passing Vacaville he put on his current favorite: Tabla and Steel Guitar Improvisations.
He rehearsed his ‘confessional’ as he drove. He already had a title for his next book: Fraud.
He drove northward through endless farm country, lined by barren hills on the hazy western horizon. After a while, his mind drifted to his latest intellectual obsession: a vague vision of what he called The Static Sphere. He had hinted at the idea in his discarded science fiction novel. It was loosely based on the concept known as the Nous. Proposed by the ancient philosophers, the Nous was sort of like the stuff of the soul. With a tip of the hat to Pierre Teilhard de Chardin, the Jesuit anthropologist, Mike imagined it as some sort of field that encircled the planet much like the magnetic one. Although undetectable by ‘normal’ humans, it is sensed by animals, infants, and the ‘insane’. Programming in the frontal lobes block most of it out, he was certain. His limited experimentations with psychedelic drugs, many years ago, had given him an incomplete and distorted glimpse, but nevertheless had spurred his interest. But he knew that drugs were not the answer, as history sadly demonstrated.
He often dreamed of the Sphere, but it always vaporized upon waking, and he wondered if was even possible to behold the phenomenon, in ‘normal’ day-to-day consciousness, without massive overload and irreversible brain damage. 
At midday he stopped for lunch in the little town of Colusa, and decided to check in with Beta. Then he knew he was in for it. He had managed to forget his phone, of course.
“Man, I’ve really stepped in it, now,” he muttered to himself.
What to do? He thought of stopping somewhere and calling Beta, but realized he had forgotten her cell number. It was on his phone’s memory speed dial, of course. (They had discontinued their home phone service, some time ago.) He decided to email Beta that evening, and eat crow.
The miles drifted by. The landscape was mostly rice fields broken up by canals and levees, with an occasional farmhouse in the distance nestled in small stands of cottonwood and eucalyptus.
Mike spent the night at his old friend Patty’s empty house in Chico, as arranged. He found a beer in Patty’s refrigerator, and opened up his laptop on the kitchen table. A blue screen appeared. Uh oh. He quickly shut down and re-booted. Shit, the laptop was toast. (What did I do?) He then took the liberty of booting up the PC in the living room, but wasn’t surprised to see that entry required a password. He had to wait until tomorrow.
Mike sat back with his beer, and brooded.

Just who are these people, these malcontents that spawn among us? Michael Chen didn’t just pop up out of nowhere, my fellow Americans, and he doesn’t exist in a vacuum. These criminals, murderers, and terrorists such as the Grasshopper Chen and his cohorts are American as apple pie. These men and women are our sons, daughters, brothers and sisters! How could this happen in this Grand Old Republic, this greatest and most prosperous—and generous—nation in the history of humankind? 
The sad fact is that our sacred freedoms guaranteed by the Constitution are cynically used by the enemies of the United States to deny and destroy these very same freedoms that were, and still are to this very day, paid for by the blood of American boys on the sacred, hallowed battlefields of our glorious history. We mustn’t let the selfless sacrifices of our proud fathers, brothers, sons and uncles, these brave men—and women—black, white, yellow, and brown, from all walks of life, these country and city boys, these nurses and short-order cooks, these farmers and businessmen—be in vain.
—Senator Wilbur Prescott, Sept. 28, from the floor of the Senate

Beta managed to get out of the office by 2:00 PM, and did good time in the ‘pre’ rush hour traffic all the way down to Belmont. She pulled up at the hospice parking lot a little before 3:00 PM, and consulted for a few minutes with Syd, the young manager of the hospice, before entering the old man’s room.
“It’s only a matter of days, Ms. Bronski. He is running on hydration, morphine, and most importantly, the anticipation of your visit. He’s been asking for you.”
“Thank you,” said Beta. “Is he in extreme pain?”
“Mr. Chen is a real trooper, and never complains. We are doing the best that we can do. We’re at the point that if we increase the dosage, well, let’s just say our hands are tied. Do you understand what I am saying?”
“Yes, of course.”
Beta thanked the young man again, and entered the darkened room.
Ming Ch’in (Mike Chen Senior) smiled widely when Beta sat down in the chair next to the bed, and she took his hand. There was a drip attached to his arm, and little rubber tubes protruded from his nose and mouth.
“Don’t try to talk, sir. Oops, I mean Pop!”
Ch’in smiled. His voice was weak and raspy.
“My son… he read… manuscript?”
Beta inwardly sighed. Mr. Chen Senior had written a ‘novel’ a few years back, and had recently passed it on to his son to peddle to publishers. Mike told her that it was a bizarre, unreadable mess, much worse than his own sci-fi epic.
(“Get this, Beta,” Mike had told her after reading a chapter or two. “It’s a novel about Karl Marx. Karl is actually a detective, see, and his socialist rants are only a front, his day gig. He solves crimes by night, and his arch nemesis is: Rudyard Kipling, evil front man for the demonic imperial capitalistic forces!”)
Beta smiled sadly.
“Mike is still wading through the manuscript, Pop. He’s a slow reader, give him time.”
The old man made a dismissive gesture with his fingers.
“My son… and you… get married… soon?”
“We haven’t set the date yet, Pop. Maybe after I take the Bar Exam, later this year.”
“You—no bullshit?”
Beta squeezed Ch’in’s old wrinkled hand.
“No bullshit,” she lied.
“Sing for me… bullshit… Japanese song… please.”
Even though he was from China, Mr. Chen’s all-time favorite song was the Japanese ‘International Hit’ oldie, ‘Sukiyaki’. Beta closed her eyes, cleared her throat, and hummed at first, and then chanted the incomprehensible song phonetically. Beta couldn’t carry a tune to save her life, but the old man beamed. Then she sang another one of his favorites: You’ll Never Walk Alone, even though Ch’in was a devout atheist. Last, she sang Remember The Alamo, an old song from a Donovan album she played a lot at home. Then Syd came in because the old man was in pain, so Beta promised to return the next day.
Beta drove back to the City in heavy traffic, and when she got home she was so drained that she flopped onto the sofa and slept for hours. Mike had not called, of course.

(Sometime during the night Mike dreams of the Static Sphere again. Rainbows dance around it in patterns that are not random. God appears and wags his finger at him in a scolding gesture. “Such a big shot,” he says.
“I don’t believe in you,” Mike mutters.
“Then why are you trembling?”
“Touché”
“Not only are you a Fraud, but you are a Phony, and there is a difference, you know.”
“Oh bugger.”
Zombie-like, Mike fumbles for the light, and knocking over a beer can, he scribbles something in his spiral notebook, not quite awake. God peers over his shoulder and shakes his head. After a few moments, Mike lets the paper and pen slip from his fingers and drop to the floor. He then rolls over and settles back into non-REM sleep.)

Beta finally rose from the couch and saw that it was after midnight. She turned on the lamp, sat down at the computer, and waited impatiently for it to boot up.
There was no email, not a single one, from Mike. And to make things even better, Mike had not given her the number of this ‘Patty’ lady.
“Damn you, Mike Chen—” Beta muttered, as she rapidly typed an angry email, and clicked SEND.
Beta rose and headed upstairs for a shower. She would get to the bottom of all of this tomorrow. She also had to see the old man again, because she knew that it would be her last visit. She knew that he would hang on in pain, and wait patiently for her to arrive. She would sing again. And then, in the end, Syd was going to slightly increase the morphine, and they were going to let the old man go. Tomorrow was time to say goodbye, and she wanted him to have a smile on his face. She wanted her smiling face to be in his last thoughts.

In the gray morning Mike tumbled off the sofa, staggered into the kitchen, and started the kettle. He then remembered to read what he had scribbled in his trance. It was complete gibberish.
He made good time out of Chico in the wee pre-dawn hours, and watched the sun rise over Siskiyou Pass, one of his favorite views on Earth. He pulled over at Callahan’s restaurant for a spell. Ashland and the Valley of the Elves lay ahead.

Another shower, and a cup of instant coffee, and Beta was out the door earlier than usual. She wanted to get down to the office a little early and tackle some back work. Today was the day, and Beta wanted to get as much work done as possible so she could slip out early.

Once in town, Mike drove directly to the old Ashland Armory, the site of this year’s Rivendell Festival. He was early, but wanted to chat with the hobbits. Once there, he found only confusion and disarray. A bunch of people stood around, extremely pissed off. Some of them, young guys mostly, were ready to kick serious ass. One guy approached him. “You the guy with the money? We need to get paid, man.”
“Hang loose, dude,” said Mike, cool as a cucumber. “Let me check it out, chill, everybody.”
A large sign had been nailed to the newly built stage: Rivendell Festival Cancelled. Ticket Refunds at the Following Outlets—
“Cancelled? Where is Merry Took?”
“Upstairs,” said the pissed off dude.
‘Merry Took’ was the festival coordinator. Her real name was Melissa Greenberg, a local promoter. Mike found her in the armory office, on the phone, clearly in meltdown mode.
“Please have him call. I’m left holding the bag here!”
Looking up at Mike, she gasped and hung up the phone.
“Mike! We’ve been trying to reach you! Your phone is out of order! Haven’t you checked your email?”
“Sorry, my laptop crashed.” Mike felt like a balloon losing air. “What happened, Merry?”
“My name is Melissa Greenberg! Fuck this ‘Merry Took’ bullshit!”
Melissa was not so merry on this fine Middle Earth Morning.
“Elrond took a powder, that’s what happened, and we are all screwed! He took everything, Mike! Cleaned us out! Finished!”
“Not Elrond, please tell me it isn’t so!”
Mike’s gallant attempt at humor fell flat. Melissa Greenberg stared dully at him for a moment, and then broke into tears.

Mike stood in the parking lot wondering what to do next when he saw a familiar figure stride up to him, large and solemn. There was nowhere to hide.
“Hail, Beorn,” he sighed. Beorn was another backer of the festival, and Mike knew him of old. A hot-shot real estate agent and a wealthy patron of the arts, Beorn was a large man who sauntered around town in a coat and tie over a brilliant red and green kilt. There were stories… Beorn held out his hand, and Mike took it.
“Aye, laddie, we are well met, are we not, even in this dark hour? Treachery and betrayal!”
“How much, Beorn? What did you get taken for?”
“$35,000, laddie. Let’s put all of that aside for the moment. We will deal with Elrond later, but for the immediate moment, we have sworn solemn blood-oaths, and must honor them. Gird your loins and come wit’ me now, because we are honor-bound to set a few things right, and I need your help.”
“Trouble with the orcs? I’m afraid that my fighting skills are a bit rusty.”
“Nay!” Beorn pulled out a large wad of traveler’s checks. “We must pay off the carpenters, and the electricians. The dwarves are getting restless. Stand wit’ me, lad.”
The line of unpaid workers stretched through the parking lot. Mike sat with Beorn and Melissa, at a makeshift table. Beorn wrote the checks, Melissa acted as recorder, and Mike just sat there for moral support. Beorn joked that Mike was his ‘enforcer’, which made him a bit nervous.
“Receipts, please!” Beorn bellowed, over and over.
At last it was all over. Beorn gave Melissa a check for $500.
“Dry your eyes, lass. We’ll find the brigand.”
Melissa rose from the table to take her leave. “Let's regroup, once we find out what's happening, OK, Mike?”
After Melissa rode off on her scooter, Mike took a peek at her cheat-sheet and gasped. Beorn had shelled out another $16,000. Mike sat back in a daze. What was he going to say to Beta?
Beorn roused him, and gave him a check, also for five hundred.
“I’m sorry, lad. We’ll catch the bastard.”
“How much did Elrond steal, Beorn?”
“Oh, at least seventy, eighty thousand, don’t know for sure. Maybe $100,000?”
“Man, oh man…”
Mike suddenly remembered that he needed to check in with Beta. 
“Do you have a laptop handy?”
“Nay, it crashed, the fangled contraption.”
“Where is the library, Beorn?”
“Closed today, alas.”
“Damn it all,” Mike muttered. “I need to send an email. —Oh Bog, don’t tell me that I’ve already forgotten Beta’s email address…”
Beorn rose. “Come wit’ me. We are going to get drunk.”
He took Mike’s arm, and proceeded to lead him down to the Beau Club, Mike protesting all the way.

The Internet belongs to all of us, and it remains the duty of the Government to protect our communications, our commerce, and our very lifeblood from these subversives, such as Michael Chen, who, by their very own statements and manifestos, subvert and twist the First Amendment for their own evil purposes. Quite simply, they want to deny free access and the fair use of the Internet to everybody but themselves. And in light of this morning’s cowardly firebombing that claimed the lives of three innocent citizens, it is clear that they mean business. But thanks to the expert forensic investigators of the FBI at the crime scene, we now have in our possession key evidence that these so-called cyber-terrorists are acting in league with foreign enemies. These people are a clear and present danger, not only to our National Security, but to our very way of life. So with the vested and constitutional powers granted to me by provisions of the National Security and War Powers Act, which was passed overwhelmingly by both Houses of Congress, and overseen by the highest courts, we now possess the necessary tools to locate, incarcerate, and bring to justice these vermin who hide behind their blogs, their forums, their so-called social media and pornographic websites, and their warped and twisted view of the First Amendment.
— President Phillip Hammer

Beta managed to escape from the office by three, but was caught out in the parking lot by her ex, Eric Taylor, another paralegal at the firm. Taylor, an old friend of Mike Chen’s, just happened to be the nephew of the mistress of the big boss, Glenn Furman, which didn’t hurt, because he had flunked the Bar exam three times running. Despite being a loser and a deadweight on the firm, Eric was a good looking hunk and very persistent as far as Beta was concerned, always eager to resume their relationship—a relationship based on booze, blow, and booty—although not necessarily in that order. Beta and Eric had quite a merry time together for a while. Things came to a head one night when Eric slapped her for some stupid reason, but he didn’t anticipate Beta’s return blow: a roundhouse right that knocked him right on his ass. Beta, ignoring the throbbing pain from two broken fingers, told him bluntly that if he was stupid enough to get back on his feet, she would be more than happy to knock him down again. Eric stayed down, threw up on the carpet, and promptly passed out, as Beta finished off the rest of the blow that she had been hoarding that night. The next morning Eric swore he didn’t remember a thing and tried to laugh off his sore jaw as he drove Beta to the clinic to see to her busted hand.
After a long hard look in the mirror, Beta went straight into rehab, thanks to the firm’s generous medical plan. After her ‘thirty days’ she returned to the firm and avoided Taylor as best as she could, but he was always around, hoping that she would weaken and take him back. For a long time, Taylor was nice and sweet as can be. He kept his cool and did not offer Beta any drugs, rightfully fearing that others in the firm would righteously thump his ass, deservedly so, if he was that stupid enough to do so. Beta herself could be a little petty and mean at times. Sometimes when interaction was inevitable, Beta would purposely taunt him with her body language, just to remind him what he threw away when he had the utter audacity to slap her in the face. Eric would just smile and rub his fuck-finger along his palm suggestively. Both of them acted like rutting adolescents when they were around each other, to the annoyance of more than a few in the firm. Beta was on shaky ground, and knew that she had to cool it. Mike himself had no idea about the nutty soap opera going on, down at Furman and Rifkin Law Associates.
On this fine day, Taylor threw all caution to the wind, and took Beta aside in the parking lot. Being nostalgic for old times, he made his desperate and pathetic pitch, his Hail Mary Pass—which incidentally sealed his fate, as it turned out in the end.
“It’s snowing, beautiful.”
Taylor made a sniffing sound, and winked. “Isn’t time for us to resume where we left off?”
“I’m doing just fine where I am, Eric.”
“Sure you are,” he snickered. “Hey, you can’t con an old con man! We used to get along pretty good—”
“Right up to the night you slapped me? Ooh, my hand has never been quite the same, thanks to you.”
“How about my jaw? Listen, I’m not the same person I used to be, like in the old days.” 
“You mean like before you introduced me to Mike, Eric?”
“Biggest mistake I ever made! C’mon, honey, I gots me a fever.”
“Not this year, Eric.”
“We’ll see about that, sweetheart.”
Beta fumbled with her car keys, and spilled them onto the pavement. As she bent down to pick them up she felt his eyes on her backside.
(You like the view, Eric?)
As Beta slid into the driver’s side of her Camry, Eric maneuvered himself to get a better view. As she swung her legs into the car, she awkwardly smoothed down her skirt, and Eric yelled: “I’ve got some spare skis for you, give me a call!”
Beta was in a black mood, and slammed the car door. Sitting back, she closed her eyes, and ruminated. (Steady, steady now.) Mike had not responded to a single email, and she conceded that his laptop was most likely out of order, lost, or stolen. It had taken her all morning to track down ‘Merry Took’ aka Melissa Greenberg. Greenberg told her that Mike was around somewhere, but his laptop had crashed, and he forgot his phone.
“He told me he forgot your number!”
“Situation normal,” said Beta, “So how are things, up there in Elf Land?”
 “Oh, right, you probably haven't heard yet. Well, we've run into some, er, problems, and the festival has been cancelled.” 
Beta felt like she had been hit by a sandbag.
“Problems? Festival cancelled? What about the money, our investment? MY investment. Talk to me, Greenberg.”
Melissa was silent on the other end of the line, and Beta felt a growing tightness in her gut. “Where is Mike, please?”
Melissa bravely held back a sob. “Like I said, he's around here somewhere, his car is still parked over by the Armory. I’ll check the bars, and get back to you.”
But Melissa had not called back.
Beta opened her eyes, started her car, and screeched out of the parking lot, leaving the leering Eric Taylor behind her. Damn the man—she was already visualizing a long glistening line of primo cocaine.
“No, please no…” she muttered, suddenly realizing with horror that she wanted a drink, just a little one, real bad! She needed to talk to Mike, like right away, because she felt herself slipping, and Mike was the only one she could talk to. There was nobody else, no one. With great effort, she pushed all thoughts of Eric Taylor, money, death and the looming Void, out of her mind. She now had a duty to perform, and then she had to speak with Mike immediately—their relationship, and her very life depended on it. 
Beta drove on, in a daze. Somewhere near SFO, she pulled out her phone, and speed dialed Melissa Greenberg again. No answer this time, no message machine. She was sure that Greenberg was by now dodging her creditors, damn it all!
Beta stopped at a StartUps ® Coffee Cafe in downtown Belmont, and then headed up Ralston Avenue to the hospice.

It was time. The last song had been sung. Syd entered the room silently, and nodded to Beta, who leaned forward and kissed the old man on his forehead.
“Smile for me, Ch’in, smile.”
Beta had a wide beautiful smile on her face, and her blue eyes were dry as a desert.
“It’s alright, Ch’in. Smile for me.”
Ch’in did smile, and Syd, out of sight, adjusted a knob on the IV drip. The old man closed his eyes, his smile still on his face. Syd touched Beta’s shoulder, and they both went outside, silently.
“He will sleep for some time, Ms. Bronski, but he won’t wake up. He might linger on for a number of hours. Do you understand?”
Beta nodded. “What about—”
Syd cut her off with a shushing gesture. 
“We didn’t even have this conversation, Ms. Bronski.”
“Of course.”
“It will be OK. No one will inquire too closely. Thanks for coming, it meant a lot to him.”
Syd took her arm. “Let’s get a cup of coffee in my office.”
They walked together down the silent hallway. Beta paused at a window, and gazed out at the sunset: a red ball of fire going down behind the Belmont hills.

By 8:00 PM Mike was only mildly buzzed, having the good sense to pace his draughts of North Farthing Malt with a meal next door at Geppetto’s. Not so for Beorn, who had been guzzling Body Slammers non-stop. Beorn talked endlessly about local politics and the treachery of Saruman, who was stirring up the local orcs. Mike gathered that Saruman was the mayor, who had turned traitor and allied himself with the dark forces, presumably from Mordor, or Southern California. There was no word about Elrond, of course. The Ashland Police and the FBI had been contacted.
It was just after 8:00 PM when the fight started. Two fellows in vague medieval garb entered and seated themselves at the bar a few feet from the booth occupied by Mike and Beorn, whose face clouded over. He bellowed in a loud brogue: “Orcs to do their drinkin’ down at O’Ryan’s Pub.”
The two guys froze for a second, and then resumed their drinking. Mr. Beorn rose from his seat.
“I said, orcs down to O’Ryans!”
Everyone froze, including the female bartender. Mike saw out of the corner of his eye that a girl on the end of the bar had pulled out her phone cam. Mike didn’t like the situation, and rose up to steer Beorn back to his seat.
“Easy there, big guy, give ‘em a break this time, huh?”
But the big guy was in motion. 
“—Whoa, Beorn, wait!” 
Something flew by, missing Beorn's head by inches and then somebody grabbed the big guy's collar from behind and spun him around and oh shit, Beorn flew over the partition ass over elbows and then everyone in the bar could see exactly what WAS under his bloomin' kilt! Beorn's ass landed in the lap of a woman who screamed and then the fight was really on. The bartender was on the phone and the other girl held up her phone cam. By that time Mike was only trying to make it safely to the exit. Suddenly out of nowhere, a very scary looking bald woman caught him before he could reach the door. (At least Mike thought she was a woman.) She (or he) yanked Mike's arm and spun him around, and her boozy spittle sprayed his face.  
“You. Bloody. BASTARD.” —and then she gave Mike a head-butt for the ages. Thonk! Mike's eyes went tweet-tweet and then he sat right down on the floor and puked his lunch onto a bunch of people’s shoes and then somebody sucker-punched him on the BACK of his head this time and he didn’t wake up until hours later, in the Jefferson County lock-up.
At about the same time that Beta Bronski was navigating the endless traffic maze homeward into nighttime San Francisco, Mike had a whopping dream in the jailhouse which was quite vivid and hardcore, but very mysterious, also. He desperately tried to hold on to it before it dissipated completely, but he failed, and slipped back into blessed unconsciousness.
(Out of a gray mist, God and a woman in a robe approach. God looks like Karl Marx and the woman lowers her hood and Mike sees that she is Beta. Radiantly beautiful, her long black hair floats about her head and shoulders. God winks at Mike, and kisses Beta on the forehead. He then leads her over to a man who is out of focus. Beta and the man move away together, out of sight. God steps away for a moment and returns with two women, also clad in robes. One of them is Mike's next door neighbor Estrella Klein, just a casual, platonic, friend of five years or so. Two or three years younger than Mike, Estrella is a divorcee, and just as broke as he is! Estrella is a good old gal with an optimistic, ribald sense of humor, and Mike likes her very much.
The other woman is maybe a little younger than Beta. Her dirty blonde hair is a mess, but Mike is mesmerized. She looks athletic, and Mike notices that her neck has a few faded scars. Both women would not be called 'classic beauties' like Beta Bronski. Just two normal looking, everyday women. 
“No shiny trophies but real gals in the real world, son.”
God winks, and produces a silver dollar from his robe, and hands it to Mike. 
“You flip, and I'll call it! Heads for the blonde…”)
Mike slept on, and the dream settled like soot, into his murky subconscious.

By the time Beta wearily nosed her Camry into the driveway, her mind was clear, and made up. Of course she had Eric Taylor’s number, she had it all along. She and Eric had been dancing around each other for quite some time now, like a couple of hormone-charged high school kids. Mike had no excuse for not calling her by now, absolutely none. The time for doing the right thing had passed. Being at low ebb, with no support network to fall back on, the lull of cocaine was more than Beta could bear. But it wasn’t the coke, but the booze that terrified her: the bottle with the skull and crossbones. Surely she could resist the temptation and just enjoy the blow, she rationalized. Right.
She checked her emails one last time, just to make sure. No Mike. So be it. It was time to pack. She flipped open her phone, and speed-dialed Eric Taylor.
Meanwhile, Mike slept like a dead man, up in the Jefferson County lockup. One can only speculate: If Beta had known the facts of Mike’s predicament, would she have acted any differently? All of this had been a long time coming, and the facade of Beta and Mike’s dysfunctional relationship lay in ruins. The levee had broken, and the both of them could not withstand the rushing waters that swept them away, helpless.

Hours later, with her belongings packed in Eric’s mini-van, Beta’s eyes scanned the living room, and then she remembered to leave a note for Mike.
The last thing she did, as Eric waited outside in the van, was a petty, symbolic act. She grabbed Mike’s forgotten phone and threw it into the living room mirror, shattering it. She laughed gaily as she skipped outside to her Camry, her head buzzing pleasantly with Eric’s killer blow. She waved to her neighbor Estrella as she pulled out of the driveway, and followed Eric Taylor’s van down the hill and into the blue.

Mike wasn’t released until 6:00 AM because of some mix-up. Sgt. Theresa Franco of the Ashland Police Department drove him back to town.
“Sorry, Mr. Chen. Beorn—I mean Richard Hayden—was released early by accident. It was supposed to be you.” 
“Hey, it’s alright. Saved me the price of a motel!”
“Anyway, I'm off-duty, so I thought it was the least I could do, and drop you off at your car. No hard feelings, right? By the way, you made the NCC wire service. ‘Writer Caught In Middle Earth Melee’. That, on top of the festival cancellation.”
“Elrond, too?” 
“Yup. Oh, I almost forgot.” Sgt. Franco handed him a piece of paper. “Melissa Greenberg asked me to give you this.”
Beta's cell number was on the sheet.
Mike closed his eyes. “I’m dead,” he said.

(Two hundred and fifty miles to the south, Beta sits cross-legged on the motel bed with a plate containing a sizable amount of cocaine on her lap. A straw is in her hand. Her mind is numb, and her thoughts are dark. This is it. This time for real. Beta has leapt right off the wagon, with both eyes wide open.
Eric is in the shower. Their clothes are strewn about the motel room. Beer cans litter the bed and floor. Beta has crossed the Rubicon.
“I’m sorry, Ch’in,” she whispers. “Please try and understand…”)

Mike drives south, fueled by coffee and donuts. Every hour or so he stops and calls Beta from pay phones. Beta doesn’t answer. Oh grow up, he growls. Mr. Natural is grumpy. Passing Shasta, he wishes he could remember that weird-ass dream he had in the lock-up. All he CAN remember is that he thinks that it was positively hardcore, and maybe really important. Mike can usually remember his dreams, well, a fair lot of them, anyway. More than most people, his mother used to tell him. Mike suddenly realizes that he really needs Beta at this moment. Changes are in order. The money will be returned to Beta’s account, even if he has to crawl on his hands and knees to Old Man Potter (or more likely, Jenny Morgan!) He has been such an asshole. A fraud and an asshole. It is time to make amends, and set things right. 
Maya. Shady rest area near Colusa. Mike parks and sleeps for hours. Nobody hassles him. He does not dream. After sunset he is back on the road. He plays no tapes or radio. He is a robot. He is on a mission.
(Wait, Beta, don’t leave!)
Karl Marx is riding shotgun.
“Don’t you think that this is all for the better? Beta doesn’t love you and you don’t really love her.”
(Love, what is love?)
“Oh, you love to be seen with her, and just love to show her off! She is quite the firecracker in bed, don’t you know it!” Karl Marx winks.
“Shut up.”
“Listen, Mike, I’m not telling you anything you don’t already know.”
“Shut up.”
“Hey, watch it! For God's sake, keep your eyes on the road, you fucking fool! Look, there's another rest area coming up. Pull on in, and get your shit together, OK?”

San Francisco, 2:00 AM
Mike knows the score right away when he sees that Beta's car is gone. The house is cold and silent, and jagged pieces of the mirror and his cell phone litter the entryway. Beta's large flat-screen television is also missing from the living room. Crossing the room, Mike spots the note taped to his computer monitor.
Dear Mike. We both knew this was coming. Nobody is at fault. I am not the person you think I am, I never was. You aren’t a fraud, I am. You are too good for me. You are so right about money. You have taught me so much, and I will always think of you with affection, if not love
Yours, B
Out of habit, Mike dumbly flicks on his pc, and waits for it to boot up. The first email in the queue is from Syd, down at the Belmont Hills Retirement Home and Hospice, and his message is blunt and to the point: 
Dear Mr. Chen
It is to our sorrow to report to you that your father, Michael Chen Sr. passed away this morning at about 1:00 AM. We are very sorry to have to inform you by email and we offer our sincerest condolences to you and your—
Fade out.

As we mourn for the victims of this cowardly act of domestic terrorism, we must remember that Michael Chen and his coven of criminals are all products of good hard-working American families, who only wanted the best for their children and to do better than they had, so to realize the American Dream. That is what America is all about. Someday we may come to understand why a privileged person such as Michael Chen, or Jennifer Morgan, or any of the others in their dysfunctional cabal would ally themselves with foreign enemies and turn on this blessed country that gave them so much success. I say this now to the Grasshopper and his cohorts: You can run, but cannot hide. Freedom and Justice WILL prevail. May God bless the People of the United States of America, and all freedom-loving people everywhere.
—President Phillip Hammer

Jennifer Morgan’s Hideout, Oakland Hills, CA

Two days after Michael Chen’s fateful turn of events, another email, and another life change; this time for Jennifer Morgan.
Jennifer Morgan’s hideout sits in a forested canyon just off Pinehurst Road, high up in the Oakland hills. Nestled amid oaks and cypresses at the end of a long and twisted driveway, the little bungalow is her special place, her weekend place, welcome only to a few close friends and beaus.
The coffee maker awakens by magic in the pre-dawn gloom. The dark house is silent, except for the dripping and sizzling of the coffee pot, and Jenny’s soft snoring. A dog barks somewhere in the distance. Halfway between worlds, Jenny shifts position and returns to sleep. Twenty minutes later she stretches like a cat, swings out of bed, and pads her way to the bathroom with the aroma of fresh coffee in her head.
After a shower and her morning ritual, Jennifer grips her cup of steaming coffee, and gazes at her nude reflection in the hallway mirror.
“Oh me oh my, just look at you!”
Redhead. Green eyes. Perfect freckles. Tall. Statuesque. Perfectly gorgeous. Brilliant. Definitely not stuck-up. Refreshingly honest. Just too good to be true.
“O-M-G, that’s me… and just what can I say? I am who I am, and that's all there is to it—Your Honor, I rest my case!”
Jenny is forty years old, can easily pass for thirty, and is worth over twenty million dollars, or so she thinks, according to the last time she checked. All of her life’s dreams and plans have come to fruition—mainly because she damn well made sure that they would.
Jenny grew up in White Plains, just to the north of New York City. She learned early in life that most people (of both sexes) just couldn’t take their eyes off her. People just didn’t know how to act, which drove her crazy with frustration, because she only wanted to be like everybody else. That wasn’t going to happen, because Jennifer had won God’s lottery, despite her plain and homely parents. Jennifer hated being gorgeous because it was such a pain in the ass and so distracting! Once during high school, she actually attempted to make herself look ugly—baggy clothes, punky hair, and all of that stuff, but none of that had worked, of course. Her bewildered blue collar parents didn’t know what to make of their sometimes fiery but always sweet and respectful daughter, who had above-average grades and two scholarship offers already under her belt by the midway point of her senior year.
One freezing February morning, Jenny decided once and for all that she was sick and tired of shoveling snow and sliding around on the ice in front of her house. She already had the West Coast in her sights as graduation day approached. To her parents’ shock and dismay, she turned down the really good scholarship to Cornell, and took the less lucrative one from the University of California at Berkeley. Jenny’s mom and dad thought that she was absolutely crazy, but Jenny insisted that she had to get away, and that she would always love them forever, and visit every Christmas, but there was no stopping her. Jennifer Morgan graduated at the top of her class.
Tragedy struck only three days after Jenny’s graduation, when Hiram and Nancy Morgan were killed in a tragic auto accident, right out in front of the house. Jenny was home at the time, upstairs in her bedroom, fast asleep with earphones on her head. She was awakened by a policewoman, checking out the house.
After burying her parents and settling their affairs, Jenny was left with nothing but a lousy defaulting mortgage and a mountain of debt.
Bye, bye, White Plains, New York.
Jenny arrived in California on her eighteenth birthday with less than one thousand dollars in her purse, and a lot of that went for fees, expenses, books and supplies. She ended up sleeping in her derelict car for a whole semester. She washed dishes, bused tables, flipped pizzas, and sang for her supper in coffeehouses and cafes.
Her brains and street-wise sensibilities got her through that first poverty-stricken year. Following a tip from a girl in one of her classes, she did pose nude for a few art classes and photographers, but she never went that extra mile that some girls often stooped to, just to make ends meet. Instead, she busted her ass and hustled for every opportunity to grab the golden ring. Amazingly, Jenny was still a virgin when she met the boy that she decided she would give it up to.
Mike Chen was a 19 year-old Philosophy major, and just as destitute as she was—always hustling and scrounging around for a buck between classes. Both of them worked part-time at Duck’s Pizza and Saloon, and one night, after closing up the place, they surrendered their virginity (!) to each other in the back storeroom.
Even then, Mike had quite a wit, not to mention a great gift of gab, and Jenny saw right away that he had potential. Indeed, Mike Chen had a future, quite a profitable one—if only the right person could guide him in the right direction. Jenny decided that she was going to be that person, although there was that sticky problem of passing her classes, and feeding herself. Mike was just as broke as she was. They spent the next year studying, working at Duck’s, and singing together at hoot nights in coffeehouses, where they passed the hat. Mike had a talent for stand-up and blues harmonica, and Jenny could belt out a tune and shake her ass with the best of them. They didn’t have much luck getting any paying gigs at the better clubs, but Jenny's enthusiasm never wavered, and she hustled and bustled, keeping her ear close to the ground. Her stubborn persistence finally paid off however, when one fine day, Professor Walpole Mantis from the Sociology Department came right up to her and enquired if Mike would care to stand in for him at a scheduled lecture. Could they use $50.00? Does a bear shit in the woods?
(This very same Professor Mantis flunked Mike only one semester back, after Jenny, Mike, and a few others staged a performance art prank at the Professor's expence.)
Mantis was a notorious, if not popular guy, and the lecture hall was full to capacity. Jenny was a lot more nervous than Mike was when he came up to the podium and sized everybody up with a keen and confident eye. Within minutes, the students were laughing their asses off, as Mike improvised like a pro. Jenny looked on with astonishment and approval as Mike gave a fantastic stand-up performance. This was a new ballgame, and Jenny began to plot.
Later that night as they lay with each other amid the beer cartons and tomato sauce, Jen whispered into Mike’s ear: “Say hello to your new agent, and promoter, boy-o.”
“What’s your commission, may I ask?”
“Thirty percent, standard! Look, there’s no rush… let’s wait until the end of next term and see how the wind is blowing. I do have a few ideas… and if you can hang with me and just be your lovable self, I’ll do the rest, and I swear—no more pizza, Top Ramen and turkey bologna sandwiches!”
“Jen, we better get married—my Mama is pretty old fashioned, having been raised by straight-laced missionaries… what do you say?”
“OK, but not in a church—let’s elope!”
They were legally married by a friend of Mike’s on the beach at Land’s End. Meanwhile, Jen began to network with various movers and shakers in the Bay Area, and began to distribute tapes to college radio stations and publishers. Word began to spread, and Mike became something of an underground personality. Jenny even had to scare away a few groupies, for Christ’s sake! There wasn’t much money coming in, as of yet, but something had to give, and it finally did: As a result of Jennifer’s hard work, scheming, and downright chutzpah (and a little bit of cosmic blind luck), she somehow managed to get Mike a lucrative book deal. Mike’s first offering Everything I Say Is A Lie  somehow, inexplicably, rose to the top of the best-selling lists almost immediately and became an overnight sensation. 
It had taken Mike and Jennifer only two years to get to that luxury condo in the Berkeley hills, not to mention a million or so dollars in the bank. Jen was twenty; Mike was twenty-one. They spent more and more time apart, and Jenny kept an apartment loft in New York City. Mike preferred Frisco, but found himself on the road a lot. Being a dashing, charismatic type of guy with an easy wit and an eye for the ladies, there was always the temptation of groupies on the scene—literary groupies! Jenny was no nun herself. The world was their oyster, and by the time Jen turned 25, she and Mike (amicably) split. Mike was making piles of money, and blowing it as fast as he could get his hands on it. Jenny however, invested her 50% of the Mike Chen pie wisely, and began to make a name for herself as a wildcat literary agent and promoter. Mike Chen was only the first of her protégés, and not her only one-trick pony. Jennifer Morgan never looked back.

Fast forward to the present: Saturday morning at Jennifer Morgan’s hideout. After her morning run and workout, Jen sits at her Avocado console and sips coffee as her half-smoked joint smolders in the ashtray. A cigarette burns alongside of it. Jenny hums as she checks her mail, mostly routine business matters, boring stuff. Not much is happening on this fine morning. Jenny is between men at the moment; nobody special is on her radar. A message appears in her inbox from her best friend Mimi, who urges her to go directly to the Eco-Tittler, an alternative news and gossip website run by a mutual friend, Marsha Portrero. Curious, Jennifer clicks the link, and the Tittler’s headline stops her short.
BAD WEEK FOR NEW AGE WRITER AND TOASTMASTER
SWINDLED, BEAT UP, INCARCERATED—BAD KARMA?
BAR BRAWL VIDEO GOING VIRAL AS MIKE CHEN LOSES FATHER TO CANCER

2: The Table

The service was short and sweet, and Mike was grateful. Only a few of the oldsters drifted in to the retirement home’s community room, because as a nice old lady told Mike, his dad had not been there long enough to make many friends, before his illness and sudden collapse, resulting in his final move to the hospice wing. He seemed to be such a nice man.
Mike thanked the young priest and the lady rabbi (who invited them?) and told them that his father would have been comforted by their words. (In truth, Mike Senior had been an atheist with ‘zero tolerance for such nonsense’.) Mike held the urn with his dad’s ashes and thanked everyone again as they drifted out. As the last oldster hobbled out the door, Mike spotted her.
Jen was sitting in the corner, having come in unnoticed. Mike thought that she looked just like a movie star in her Levi jacket, white blouse, and tan slacks. Low heels, of course. Silver headscarf with her sunglasses pushed back.
They embraced, and sized each other up.
“Damn it, Jenny, aren’t you a sight for sore eyes!”
“It’s been way too long, Mike. Let me think, was it the Mill Valley book show?”
“I seem to remember… we had a drink or three.”
Jenny nodded at the urn in Mike’s arms.
“I’m sorry, Mike, I never met your father.”
“Right. I brought him over from China, after our, ah, split.”
Jennifer took his arm. “Let’s go out and talk someplace.”
“Need a smoke that bad? Same old Jen.”
“I could use something more than a smoke right now.”
They walked through the auto-doors and out towards the parking lot. Jenny pointed: “Over there.”
Next door was a deserted playground with picnic tables. Mike sat at a table, and Jen sat on a swing and lit one up. Mike was blunt.
“Cigarettes killed him, Jenny. He was only 70 or 71. He never could quit.”
Jenny suddenly stiffened and threw the cigarette away. 
“Oh, I’m sorry, Mike.”
Mike got up and retrieved the burning smoke and took a long drag.
“Don’t worry,” he said, exhaling smoke. Then he went into a coughing fit that sent Jenny into giggles. “You fucking idiot,” she said fondly.
After Mike recovered from his impulsive act, he explained that the hospice people found some hidden smokes and matches only two weeks ago and flipped out.
“The place was filled with oxygen bottles and stuff. He could have blown the place sky high. They all smoke like chimneys, over in the old country… it seemed to be the only thing he liked in his life. I dropped the ball with Pop, Jen. Funny though, I’ve been thinking a lot about this stuff lately… couldn’t see the forest for the trees.”
Mike fell silent, trying to formulate his thoughts. He thought he had the answer to everything last night, but as usual, the dream, the sureness, dissipated upon wakening.
(It’s coming, it’s coming, but I can’t identify it—it’s so close!)
Unknowingly, Jenny provided the answer, the spark that he was grasping for.
“Did anybody try the patch on him?”
Mike jerked his head up. Bingo.
“Patch?”
“You know, the Nicotine Patch. It helps some people.”
“That’s It! A PATCH!”
“Mike, what are you talking about?”
“Why, it’s my Third Eye Patch! Well, in my novel it was actually a pirate’s patch, with all sorts of wires and gizmos, but—”
“What?” Jennifer looked at Mike with a puzzled expression.
As Mike explained, it all came together as he went along. Starburst!
“Sorry, Jen. I’ve been trying to sort this out for a long time. Pop’s passing has brought it all home for me. Let me ask you a rhetorical question: Why are we so disconnected?” 
Mike gestured all around him. “All of us. Why are we so fucked up? Why are we so addicted? Everyone should know better. Pop knew better, but couldn’t stop. We need help. We need to be—reset.”
“Tell me about it.”
“Some can do it on their own, the bastards, but many of us can't. What are our options? Well, how about behavior modification? Hypnosis. Indoctrination. Medication. Surgery. All intrusive after-the-fact corrective methods. Most fail. Is there any other way we can get past the frigging Nazis guarding our impulse centers, without damaging ourselves or losing our freedom?”
“Without joining a cult? How about a straitjacket!”
“Ouch! Jenny girl, we have been programmed by our Masters that free will is nothing but a curse, an illusion, and a detriment to our well-being. 'Stay with the herd!' Hell, we're all becoming zombies, over-prescribed, and over-medicated…” 
“The easy way out, right. You know, I have a good friend who is definitely on your page. Besides being a brilliant neurologist, she's also into meditation and stuff, always nagging me to, ahem, amend my reckless lifestyle…”
Jenny fell silent, but Mike continued his thread.
“OK, let's agree that most of us are addicted to some sort of behavior, based on comfort, or the illusion of it—even sex addicts like me!”
“You're telling me, you old horndog! —But what's the answer? Can this be done without prescribing drugs to counter other drugs or destructive habits and behavior?”
“I'm thinking about an applicable non-narcotic, never bossy, always gentle, easy and friendly delivery system that sends a ‘cease and desist’ order to the nicotine dominated endorphin factory. Not only for nicotine, which IS the most addictive drug ever known, but ALL other addictive substances and behavior. Reset. How about a patch that sends a tender, loving reminder, the message, by way of the forehead, natch, directly to the cortex… but this is where I hit a brick wall. What exactly IS the message, and how is it SENT? Does any of this make any sense to you?”
Mike finally wound down. Words could not describe the territory he was entering: The Nous, and the Static Sphere of his dreams.
Jenny broke the silence. “Mike, I’m moved. Really. And I have a hunch, a strong one.” Indeed, this was a hunch so strong, Jen was suddenly sure, and she made a sudden decision. “Forgive me, but this morning I did a little snooping. I know you’re broke, and my spies tell me you are about to make that announcement you always used to threaten us with, back in the old days.”
Mike nodded. He had blabbed a bit about it in the bar, back in Ashland. He wondered who Jenny’s ‘spy’ was. No matter.
Mike chuckled. “Yeah. I’m a fraud, and I’m broke, and I might lose my house. On top of all that, I’m an insensitive heel and my woman just walked out because of it and I truly don’t give a shit. Wait, I do, but not the way she or anybody thinks. Oh hell, I don’t know…”
“Let me tell you what, Mike,” said Jen, who pulled a cell phone out of her bag. “I’ve got a good feeling about something.”
Jen held up the phone for Mike to see.
“Have you seen these yet? Brand new Monkberry RedFone. Scrambled, encrypted; you've got to get one of these!”
Thinking of Beta, Mike shook his head. Women and their damned phones! 
Jenny flipped open the sleek phone.
“I need to make a couple calls. Just relax, and stay right here. I'll be back in five or ten minutes.”
Mike nodded, and his thoughts returned to the idea of a meditative patch.
The Third Eye Patch! He was pleased with his pun, but how to make it work? But first he had to identify ‘IT’.
Jennifer crossed the playground toward a baseball diamond, sometimes talking, sometimes shouting into her cell phone. Mike could not hear what it was all about. It took more than ten minutes, more like twenty. Finally Jen made her way back, flushed and nearly out of breath.
“OK, here’s the deal, if you accept. I have been the head of the Table Foundation for about a year now. Haven’t heard of us? No one has—yet.”
Jenny lit another cigarette.
“—Boffin Syznic. Does the name ring a bell?”
“Hmm, wait a minute… wasn’t he the genius? Hung around Duck’s with an older crowd? Engineers and nerds… I don’t recall ever speaking with the guy, everything is too foggy… didn’t he truck around on a motorcycle, with that skinny chick hanging on for dear life?”
“Right. That’s Mimi, and they’re still together, super married. Well, you know that he made a fortune later, with the Tigerlily Chip, and several patents involving fiber-optics or something or other. Richer than sin. Then came the motorcycle accident. Paraplegic. Long recovery. The idea for the Foundation happened a year or so ago. Boffin called me up to help him put it together.”
Jenny had worked with Boffin Syznic over the years on various projects, and Mimi had become her best friend. Boffin and Mimi Syznic had a vision of a foundation that could do some real good but remain outside the envelope. Jen had been honored, but baffled by his choosing her to head up this venture.
(“I don’t have any experience at this sort of thing,” she had protested, and Boffin had replied: “You didn’t have any experience as an agent and a promoter, either.”)
“Boffin says it was the only way to get me to work for him,” said Jenny with a chuckle. “Oh, by the way, you remember our old friend Steve Shank, don't you?”
“Steve? How could I ever forget the one and only Shankers? Oh man, it's been so many years—”
“Well, Shankers is still around, and lives in San Francisco. These days he's a fellow colleague of mine, and serves on the Foundation Board of Directors, among other things. You'll be seeing him tomorrow.”
Shank was a friend from the old days when Mike and Jenny were broke students passing the hat at cafes and pizza dives. Shank was already an accomplished musician and a washed-up rock star when he enrolled at UC Berkeley in order to start his life over. Mike and Jen performed a few times with Shank's weekend garage band.
“Oh the memories, Mike! Anyway, Steve is a Musicologist these days, and really tight with Boffin Syznic. —Let's get back to the Table Foundation. A lot of far-out proposals are brought ‘To The Table’. Most go into ‘the special file’. How about alternative energy schemes involving mind over matter? Or dropping millions of teddy bears over the Middle East for peace! As the saying goes: May you live in interesting times.”
Mike smiled and thought about the insanely goofy Rivendell Festival.
Jenny continued: “I just spoke with the Boss—I had to shout. Once he gets started, you can’t get a word in! Anyway, you’re on, Mike. The Boffin is flipping out. He wants you to prepare a proposal for the Board. If it passes review, your budget will be set at $100,000 at first, with $40,000 to be direct-deposited into your bank account. You will need to hire an assistant.”
Mike’s jaw dropped, and his brains oozed out onto the picnic table.
“He wants me to—”
“Like I said: Prepare a presentation, preliminary, of course, for our next board meeting. That’s next Friday night. —Are you OK?”
“You’re serious.”
Jenny smiled. “Syznic’s pretty excited. He says that your 'theoretical application' is doable, at least on the technical side. He’s confident on that. Your job is much more difficult and much more interesting. You have to find the message, for the algorithm.”
Jenny stubbed out her cigarette, and without pausing, shook out another smoke. Embarrassed, she smiled sheepishly as she shoved the cigarette back into the pack.
“Nerves,” she said with a throaty laugh. “Life with the Boffin can get a little hectic. He is going to call us right back, because I interrupted him in the middle of his exercise therapy.”
They reminisced about their time together during the good old hectic days, until Jenny’s cell phone rang. It was Boffin Syznic calling back.
“He wants to speak to you,” said Jenny. “Buckle down!”
Mike took the phone. The voice on the other end was confident, jolly, and friendly to an extreme.
“Hullo Mike! Boffin Syznic here. Jenny has just described this idea of yours to me and I think, by Jove, you may have just exactly what I’ve been waiting to sink my teeth into.”
Mike instinctively flinched a little at that. He knew that he often swam with the sharks, but as Boffin continued on, his interest grew.
“You know, your proposal has implications that go far beyond your current vision for it. Those of us in the Table Foundation have often wondered, why we could not bring to bear the focus of all our cybernetic technologies to play on some of the various things that have bedeviled our race for such a long time. Things such as immune deficiencies, metastasizing cancers, chronic eliminatory malfunctions, and so much more.”
Syznic spoke so rapidly that Mike momentarily lost the thread and cleared his throat.
“My current vision?”
“Yes. I think the application you are proposing is immensely fortuitous, and as I said, the Foundation and I have been seeking ways to improve the human condition. As a species, we have come a long way, but still have a long way to go. Yes, our civilization is an addicted one. A lot of our other ills stem from that fact. Now, understand, I am approaching this not only as a scientist, but also as a businessman. Most innovations come up from the private sector. If we can come up with a product that will help make these particular impediments—and many more—pathologies of the past, just think! Not only will we have the world beating a path to our better mousetrap, but we can also improve the evolutionary lot of the common man (and woman) by a quantum leap! Which is why we are making you this offer to come aboard with us in the Table Foundation.”
There was a pause, and Mike took a deep breath.
Do people really talk this way? Earth to Boffin Syznic, can you translate that?
“Mike, this next is off the record, but the sad truth of the world is that this technology has to be protected from potential abuse, for our sake as well as the integrity of the project. So when the time comes, we will have to Corporate this thing, and separate it from the Foundation. There cannot be any conflict of interest involving the Foundation, you do understand that?”
“Go on,” said Mike.
“It’s not for the money, on my part. My better half Mimi assures me that we are now worth in the upper hundreds of millions, and that’s just in liquid assets. I’m just telling you this because we need to protect this project through to the end of the beginning. I really do want this to go out to the people. So when the time comes, you’re in, Mike, all the way. So. Jenny says you have a name already for this gadget?”
“Jenny deserves some credit. I was thinking of calling it the ‘Third Eye Patch’. Corny, I know—”
“Perfect! I am offering to make you a senior partner of the Third Eye Patch Corporation and will give you whatever resources you need to bring a product to market. My colleagues in the Foundation, and myself can contribute specific ideas that might help make this not only a patent that brings you some lucrative manifestation of wealth, again, as Jenny has informed me of your current situation—but that will help this product become—when all is said and done—the universal biological reset default any individual might take upon himself, should he be so fortunate as to learn of it, and be able to undertake the initiative to acquire it for himself.
“Now an extensive research and development stage will commence as soon as I can set things up… I must tell you that a colleague of mine in the Foundation, Dr. Lori Dryer, has been batting around an idea for a meditative aid for quite some time now, although our research panned out when we were unsuccessful in conceptualizing a practical application for our hypothetical, um, thingy—what I'm trying to say is that your external patch idea is what we were looking for, and never even thought of! Thanks to your brilliant, dare I say it, brainstorm, I am very excited and optimistic about where all of this can lead to, and I cannot wait to confer with Dr. Dryer, as soon as possible…”
Mike coughed, if only to perhaps remind Boffin he was still listening, still interested, and still paying attention. Jenny tapped Mike on his shoulder, and motioned for the phone.
“Boffo, it's getting late and this IS my weekend! I'll call Mimi later—What? Oh, of course! —OK, bye-bye, Boff-man.”
She flipped the phone shut.
“The Big Wheel is spinning, along with my head! Mimi is setting up your expense account today. Man, let me tell you, the boss is really jazzed up. Expect an email tomorrow morning with more details, including a password to your expense account.”
Mike was in a state of unbelief when they parted in the parking lot with a heartfelt hug. Jenny slid into her silver BMW.
“See you soon, lover.”
“Don’t forget to buckle up, Jen.”
Jennifer was already gone by the time Mike pulled out onto Ralston Avenue and headed up toward I-280, feeling like he had hitched a ride on a magic carpet. Just where he would land, well, that was in the hands of the Great Ineffable now…

Belmont Hills, CA
//IncomingTransmission//NASTYDRAGONFLY//UnitRollingSatComVan12NSTYMDPNNSLA //RedFlagAlert//WaterDogLakeBelmontCA //Transmission from defective cell phone registered to JenniferAliceMorganOaklandCA //red flag keywords of interest//transmission recorded and routed to NASTYDRAGONFLYConcordCA for preliminary analysis//routed to NASTY Surveillance Analysis Operations/Federal Building SF//Day Shift Officer M. Board//EndTransmission//

Jenny wheeled her BMW onto the frontage road towards the Emeryville waterfront. Her office park was right on the mud flats, separated from shore by a rocky beach. She slid her card into the security slot and the gate opened to a small parking lot. From this side, the place looked like a typical nondescript two story office park. She parked in the slot marked DON’T EVEN THINK OF IT. An older man with a white ponytail came out of the glass doorway.
“Afternoon, Ma’am.”
“All quiet, Skip?”
Skip Haggerty, one time Navy SEAL, was the full-time security guard who had a small apartment on the north side of the building.
“Saturday afternoon, Ma’am. Nobody here all day.”
“I’m not staying long. By the way, you will be meeting a new member, maybe tomorrow. Top priority security clearance card, keys, etc. Set up everything, would you Skip? His name is Mike Chen—do you know of him?”
“Yes, ma’am. The writer.”
“That’s him. Thanks, Skipper.”
Jenny walked through the reception area into to a comfortable conference room with windows on the bay side. On the far side of the room was a kitchen, bar, and a carpeted stairwell that led up to Jenny’s flat which was home for most of the week: a luxury apartment done up in mostly white motif. The west wall was all glass, with a die-for view of the San Francisco Skyline, Treasure and Alcatraz Islands. The sun was setting beyond the Golden Gate Bridge, and a few late sailboats were heading in to the Marina.
As Jenny flicked on her Avocado console, Skip came in with a steaming cup of coffee.
“Thanks, Skippy.”
First order of business was to see if Mimi Syznic had set up Mike’s account. Mimi was foundation treasurer. Everything seemed to be in order, and she sent an e-mail to Mimi: Thanks, Dinky.
Next, Jenny did a little more research on Mike’s situation. None of his books were in print. She typed furiously for a few minutes, and when the desk phone buzzed, she switched the call onto speaker. Jenny suppressed a giggle, and pinched her nostrils together as she spoke in robotic monotone:
“This is the Jennifer Morgan Agency, and we value your call, and your patronage. If you are calling about our Braille edition of the Kama Sutra, please press ONE. If you are enquiring about our special Penis Enlarger, complete with rechargeable pump, please press TWO. If you want to speak to Jennifer personally about your miserable love life, or need advice in general, there is no need to press THREE because this is NOT a recording! I, Jennifer Morgan, am actually speaking to you, right now, in real time!”
“What the fuck—I oughta hang up on you right now, you shitzka!”
Sol Kalinsky of Platypus Books, spoke in a gravelly voice, raspy with Brooklyn cigar smoke.
Jenny burst into laughter. “Got you good there, Solly! Oh me…”
“Same old Morgan! OK, sweetheart, talk to me: what’s all this shitola?”
“Here’s the deal, and if you don’t take it, I’ll send you my sharpest knife so you can slit your own throat, after Bernie Kahn at Simon and Shuster, or someone else cleans up because you chickened out. I’m sacrificing my Saturday just for you, Solomon.”
“You are fucking with me, Morgan. Boo-hoo, I’m bleeding here.”
“Kalinsky, you don’t have any blood.”
This was Jennifer Morgan in her element, doing what she did best.
Sol: “Sure, I remember him. I signed him, didn’t I? Sold a hundred, maybe two hundred thou, once upon a time, long ago, in a galaxy far, far, away—so what? What’s his fucking malfunction?”
Jenny: “I wasn’t there to keep him propped up, Solly. He’s never had a good head for business. But he does have a built-in fan base; he wants to tell-all; and he has a video going ‘viral’…”
Thirty minutes later, Jenny sat back and lit a cigarette.
“You must be getting soft in your old age, Sol.”
“Aw nuts, I must’ve got distracted, I guess.”
They signed off, and Jennifer sat back and gazed out at the scarlet sky silhouetted by the San Francisco skyline.
“OK Mike, I did it, I did it…” she murmured. In fact, it was the best deal she had closed in a year. To avoid getting entangled in a bidding war, Sol Kalinsky threw in the towel, not to mention the kitchen sink: $200,000 up front for the new (still to be written) hardback, an option for percentage points, and an exclusive deal to redistribute his old bestseller, Everything I Say Is A Lie. Furthermore, Platypus would reissue several of Mike’s lesser-known titles, long out of print, in paperback. Mike had to agree to do an extensive promotional tour on the lecture circuit. This could bring Mike a million when it all was sorted out, but he still had to write the frigging thing!
Before shutting down her Avocado, Jen sent Mike an email timed for the next morning at 6:00 AM. She then went downstairs and shared a toke and a cup of coffee with the Skipper.
“Whew, only one toke should do it for me, thank you! Quite a day and evening, Skippy.”
“Yes, Ma’am.”
Long ago, Skip Haggerty took a bullet for a buddy back in Viet Nam, and received the Navy Cross. Many years later, that very same buddy hired Skip on, specifically to keep an eye on Miss Morgan, who stubbornly insisted on living all alone out on these isolated mudflats along the shore of San Pablo Bay. Although the Skipper walked with a limp and had seen better days, he was a tough old dog, who knew when to fight—and just as importantly, when not to. A good man. 
Miss Morgan was the most beautiful woman Skip ever had the pleasure to work for, and was very proud indeed, whenever she stopped to chat and take an interest in his welfare. It was an honor to work for such a woman of Jennifer’s caliber, because although she was quite the looker, she was also smart and tough, and didn’t take guff from anybody. Without hesitation, Skip would gladly die for her, with no regrets.
(Jenny, in fact, adored the Skipper.)
Outside in the parking lot, Jennifer hailed Skip goodnight and he wished her the same. It was full dark, and a chilly sea breeze blew in from the bay. As Jenny pulled out onto the freeway, traffic was relatively light.
“Well done, darling,” she said to herself, as she put her pedal to the metal. The Hideout was waiting with a bath, a glass of wine, and maybe a movie, complete with popcorn.

The Federal Building, San Francisco
Mother Board is only 26 years old, and looks like the guy who delivers your pizza, but he just happens to hold a high-level NASTY/DRAGONFLY security clearance, and personally supervises (technically) a significant amount of surveillance operations, primarily on high-tech targets of interest. His cubicle is located in the basement of the Federal Building (where even the FBI fear to tread) and no one ever comes down here! Mother Board is just fine with that. Here in his cave, he can listen to ballgames, smoke, play video games, and watch porn whenever he wants to.
Nothing noteworthy has been happening on this lazy afternoon, until a buzzer zaps him to an incoming priority alert, and he turns down the ballgame and directs his attention to his monitor. What's this? 
Keyword Activation Red/Boffin Syznic
Mother Board's fingers dance across his keyboard.  
Table Foundation… Mike Chen… Jennifer Morgan? That's right, Mother has heard of this Morgan twist—isn't she the broad who slapped that newscaster on live TV? Hardcore, real gossip column stuff… this Morgan is quite the looker, too. After a quick scan of the database, Mother sees that Morgan and this Mike Chen fellow are NOT on the Agency's radar, but he has hit pay dirt: Boffin Syznic IS on the 'red list'. Hot dog! Mother scans the key codewords of interest: Boffin Syznic, cybernetic technologies, immune deficiencies, metastasizing cancers, chronic eliminatory malfunctions, universal biological reset default
No further subjective and deductive analysis is necessary, and Mother forwards the entire encrypted conversation direct, priority, to Seminary Hill, Virginia. 

3: Allies

Sunday morning, Mike was still in a daze. The Great Wheel did turn, just like Jenny said. He struggled to keep himself grounded, with his mental seat belt on, so to speak. It was all too much: the Third Eye Patch, the Foundation, and now this book deal. Jenny’s e-mail had hit him like a sledgehammer made of silly-putty!
Friends of old, blast from the past, like Steve Shank, due within the hour, bringing some electronic gear and to give, in Jenny’s words, a “briefing”.
“Shankers is very eager to get together with you again, Mike. He spoke with the Boss at length last night, so he will fill you in on everything when you see him this morning. Good hunting to both of you!”
Mike decided to check out Shank's bio on Wiki, just to see what he had been up to, since the last time he had seen him, more than a decade ago.
Stephen Shank. Born: 3 October 1970 London, England. Shank's father was a British Airways pilot, and his mother was an American television producer. Both of his parents were classically trained musicians, and Shank didn’t disappoint them, until he naturally gravitated to the guitar. The rest was ‘history’. His dad, a good but hard man, shuttled him off to boarding schools. But 'Shankers' would not be denied and by the time he was 18 years old and done with school, he was already one of the hottest guitarists in Britain. By the time he was 20, he was THE hotshot guitarist for the power trio DMZ, and a multimillionaire. By the time he was 25, he was burned out, strung out, and broke. After his father tragically died in a solo plane crash, his mother returned to the States, and Shank joined her in San Francisco. It was time to take stock.
Swearing off heroin forever, he proceeded to rebuild his life and career from scratch. He enrolled in Cal and earned two degrees. (Mike Chen would sometimes play harmonica with Shank’s garage band at Duck’s or frat parties, and Jenny Morgan would belt out a few numbers as well. Good times.)
These days Shank was a successful session player, soundtrack composer, musicologist, astronomer, and Renaissance man.
Man, where did the time go, Mike asked himself, over and over.
Mike stepped outside to retrieve the morning Chronicle, usually found in the flowerbed or under the car. It was a fine, fogless June morning, and he gazed out at the sunrise over the Hunter’s Point boat works in the hazy distance.
Mike’s neighbor Estrella was already at work in her garden. She was in her late thirties, had long gold-brown hair, and always wore a sun visor. Mike always enjoyed his morning chats with ‘Strella’. She hailed him and they met at the low hedge that separated their driveways.
“I’m so sorry about Beta, but I’m not surprised.”
Estrella stopped herself and peered at him sideways.
“Is this too painful?”
Mike laughed, maybe a little too forcefully.
“Aw, not really. Maybe a little. Life goes on. Beta needs to find herself, I guess…”
“Well, you are too good for her, if you ask me.”
Estrella was another writer, divorced, and fallen on hard times. Mike had read some of her stories and knew she was a much better writer than he could ever dream of being.
“Strella, I haven’t seen Suki around lately.”
“We broke up, Mike. She was getting way too bossy, always going ballistic whenever I even looked at a guy… and you know me, I like to flirt, I admit it. One night she actually slugged me, and I told her to hit the road. I feel so much better now.”
Mike suppressed a grin. He had never cared much for Suki, a supervisor with the San Francisco Parks Department, who always seemed to have an axe to grind about something or other, and he thought that Estrella could do much better.
“Well, Strella, I think that YOU are too good for her!”
What Estrella said next jolted Mike back to reality.
“Look at you and me, swapping war stories! Look, now that Beta’s gone, let me tell you something: Beta was pretty stoned when she drove off with the Snowman. Really stoned, all wired and giddy. I thought she was on the wagon, like she was really proud of it, you know, when we would stop and chat. It’s too bad… hey, I’m no saint—I’ve been known to enjoy a toot or two, so who am I to talk? Oh I know, it’s really none of my business…”
“The Snowman.” Mike’s voice was calm, toneless and flat. 
“You know, Eric the Snowman!” Estrella made an exaggerated sniffing sound with her index finger on her nostril, and Mike’s heart suddenly felt like it was being licked by a cat’s tongue.
“Right, Eric, right. My good old buddy Eric.”
“Nice enough guy, I guess, a bit of a horndog… he just couldn’t keep his hands off of Beta, and she just laughed…”
Eric Taylor had introduced him to Beta. Mike used to buy grass and a little blow from him, before Beta came into his life. Those were the carefree days after the end of his short-lived second marriage, before the money dried up. (Mike and his second wife Julie parted on amicable terms.) Sure, he had got into the coke for a year or so, but it never got the best of him, or so he thought. All of that changed, once Beta moved in. Mike didn’t miss the dope at all, although he would sneak a beer or two, usually when he was out on a road trip. Beta knew, and was generally cool with it. A year with Beta Bronski had cured him of any inclination to ever use cocaine again.
Estrella gestured at Mike’s house with her gardening shears. 
“Yeah, he helped pack her stuff in his minivan. They left a lot of cigarette butts all over the place. Beta was smoking like a chimney, the poor thing. Me and Alex picked them all up the next morning.”
Alex was Estrella’s eleven year-old daughter.
Mike recovered quickly, grateful for Estrella’s blunt honesty. 
“Strella, are you busy on any jobs right now? I need to get a little research done, and I can use an assistant. Some transcribing and a little dictation, maybe. $20.00 an hour. Interested?”
“Are you kidding me?”
“Good enough! I’ll talk to you later today, maybe tonight.”
Right then, a large van pulled up and double-parked in Mike’s driveway. It was Steve Shank himself, behind the wheel. A girl of maybe 18 or so, hopped out of the passenger side. She looked like your typical, sullen, suburban blonde girl from the hood, with her low slung butt pants and backwards Raiders cap. Mike instinctively knew that she was definitely an alpha type, with her brilliant green eyes.
Shank himself didn’t look much different from the last time Mike had seen him in the flesh, maybe slightly meatier. He strode up Mike’s driveway with his right hand outstretched. His voice still had traces of an English accent.
“Mike, it’s been a while. It’s good to see you again.”
“Likewise.”
Up close, Mike could see a lot of gray in Shank’s mop of curly blond hair. Shank’s cap was on front-wards and featured the Rolling Stones protruding tongue with a safety pin through it. Nice.
After being introduced, Estrella excused herself, and went back to her gardening. The surly girl noisily unloaded a couple of cartons from the van.
“A little help here, if you don’t mind!”
“Mike, this is my daughter Jade, or so they tell me. She is going set up the Avocado for you, being a real whiz at this.”
Mike led them inside, where they set the boxes down in the living room.
“Jade will need a few hours to set all this up, so why don’t we go for a ride. You can trust Jade here.”
“Yes, Mr. Chen,” said Jade, “everything will be alright. Go on, get out, both of you.”
“Don’t you just love her?”
Once on the road, Shank turned right onto Portola, toward Upper Market. He reached into his windbreaker and held out a flash drive.
“A gift from Boffin Syznic. Guard this with your life, because there are only a few dozen of these in the world. It’s a broadband booster, totally illegal and immoral.”
“Right.” Mike put it in his shirt pocket.
“It’s a top secret prototype of another project Boffin’s involved with. Jenny tells me that he totally flipped out yesterday. Have you recovered from that call?”
Mike laughed. “What a rush! I’m quite excited about where all of this can lead to.”
“Ditto. This goes way beyond a cigarette smoker’s quitting aid—”
“Right! Everything's in the mix: ALL the addictions—booze, dope, pills. If we can somehow quantify the relation between our bio-rhythms and whatever the definition of 'wellness' is… why can't we get a handle on the bigger things, such as immune deficiencies, infections…”
“—Cancer and heart disease! Dementia and Alzheimers! Damn it, Chen, Dr. Dryer is flipping out! She wants to know where have you been all these years! You will meet her soon. She's been working on this thing for quite some time now.” 
“Look, it's not a new idea, certainly not mine, but it's a good one. If we can first sooth the body…”
“Then next comes the soul! Peace of mind, inner harmony, altered states…”
“And then maybe we can find our lost connection with the Nous. Are you familiar with the term?”
“Ancient Greece, the Pythagoreans.”
“The Music of the Spheres…”
“Which happens to be an old obsession of mine! By the way, I re-read your book last night, after many years. Thought I should tell you.”
“The first one, right? The great ‘Bestseller’ I didn’t write?”
“What? The hell you say!?”
“I had little to do with it. OK, the words were mine, but Jenny Morgan put it together.”
“I should have known.”
Mike talked for a while about the ‘Pizza Days’ when he and Jenny were undergrads scrambling for laundry money and the next meal, not to mention washing dishes at Duck’s when he was on Shattuck Ave.
“I was just a punk doing stand up and improv at various joints for Top Ramen money! I remember meeting you, Steve, for the first time, at Duck’s.”
“Right, you came up on the stage dripping soapsuds, and blew some harp on a couple of numbers. Jenny came up and shook her can, and sang ‘Break My Mind’! Oh bloody hell, she brought the house down!”
“Right! And then we scampered back to work! We had all the pizza we could eat, and not quite all the beer we would have liked! But we made it through somehow, thanks to my promoter…”
Thanks to Jenny's inexhaustible (and sometimes outrageous) promotional mojo, Mike began to attract a small, but loyal following. Jenny also set up performance art events around the campus, always featuring Mike and his existential standup improv. Almost every event was taped for posterity, and Jenny conned her way into KPFA-FM Studios in Berkeley, and fooled around during the wee hours adding Mike’s voice to atonal music, sound effects, and beat-jazz. These recordings became popular on college radio stations, and the late night after-hours stoner crowd.
Times were still tight, and one night while working Duck’s cash register, Jenny had a brainstorm: Gather Mike’s best bits and transcribe them into a book!
“We somehow managed to get ourselves married by that time—what the hell were we thinking? Jenny was sick of college life by then, and wanted out. I let her roll with it. She pulled off a few stunts to get us that book deal, and the rest is ‘history’! When we got that first advance, we both dropped out and never looked back! I loved the money, but never was very good at obtaining it. Jenny always took care of everything, and her career took off, fast. Life was good, but the fast lane got to be a bit too much, and we started to drift apart. We agreed to stay friends, and filed for divorce…”
Mike paused to gather his thoughts. “All of this will be told in my next book, so I can move on. I’m thinking of calling it ‘The Fraud’.”
“Confession time, Mike? Have you found, um, God?”
“Naw, just setting the record straight. Funny, though. I have been dreaming about ‘God’ lately, only he happens to be Karl Marx.”
“Interesting—two opposing symbols in the Jungian sense.”
Shank wheeled the rig onto the Bay Bridge.
“Are we going to see the Boff Wizard?”
“Not today, although I do have a confidential message from him. Right now we’re going over to Jenny’s headquarters, or as Boffin likes to call it: ‘Morgan Park’. Security cards, keys, etc. Jenny has it all set up. We need to discuss security issues involving industrial espionage, among other things. It's very real, Mike, take my word for it. We will review certain procedures regarding communications, trade secrets and confidential information. Oh, by the way, Jade tells me that the bar brawl video has gone viral: half a million hits and growing.”
Mike chuckled. “So I’ve heard. My new book deal was influenced by that.”
Shank gunned the rig north onto the East Shore freeway towards the Emeryville flats. When they reached Morgan Park, Skip Haggerty had everything ready to go: Keys, security ID and business cards, brochures, and a gift basket stuffed with coffee, fruit, snacks and goodies, all packed by Jennifer and Skippy. There was also a laminated one-dollar bill with a post-it attached to it, written in Jenny's hand:
Here is your first advance from Sol Kalinski. You know what to do with it!
Mike threw his head back and laughed. Somewhere, buried away among his accumulated stuff and junk, was the original laminated 'first dollar' from Sol, from all those years ago when Mike and Jenny were just puppies scrambling for the tasty scraps tossed under the kitchen table.

Jade was napping on the couch when they pulled up at Mike’s place in Diamond Heights. Steve pulled a sealed envelope from his jacket pocket and handed it to Mike. 
“Read this later, and then burn it, OK? Don't ask—you'll understand why, once you read the proposal.”
“The plot thickens.”
“Take your time and read the proposal carefully, and when you are absolutely sure, send me an email with either the word YES or NO, and I'll pass it along.”
Once inside they saw that the new Avocado was up and running. Jade stood up, stretched and yawned.
“I saved all your data, Mr. Chen. Don’t worry, I didn’t peek.”
“Thanks, Jade. You getting paid for all of this?”
“You better believe I’m getting paid!”
Everyone laughed, and Shank said, “Come on, it’s back to your mother.”
Jade stifled another yawn. “At least she lets me drink and do drugs.”
Shank froze, and did a double take.
“Got you, Pops!”
Shank put an imaginary gun to his head and pulled the trigger.
“Man, I set myself up for that one. C’mon, let’s go.”
Father and daughter tramped on out and their laughter faded away.
Alone again in the silence, Mike plopped onto the couch, and as he closed his eyes, he beheld a vision: Beta’s raven hair and white flowing gown billowed in the wind as she stood uncertainly by the edge of a dark abyss. Mike waved sadly as she turned and stepped down into the darkness. Mike descended into slumber with bitter sweetness.
Fade out.

“Welcome aboard, Mike. If you are reading this, then you have already become reacquainted with Steve Shank, Musicologist extraordinaire and former rock and roll god of DMZ fame. I need to lay out a few things with you that I choose not to discuss via phone or email. Shank has already briefed you on security matters regarding corporate spying and espionage. I wish it could be otherwise, but some of my competitors are very unethical, and Syznic Industries and the Table Foundation have been hacked numerous times in the past, despite preventative measures. So from time to time we must resort to communicate about sensitive matters of mutual interest in this fashion. Sometimes the old ways are the best ways in this current digital age, alas.
“Let me lay my cards on the 'Table': Besides the Third Eye Patch, I have another proposal for your consideration.
I would like to offer you and Mr. Shank $100,000 each to conduct some very important research related to this project, if you are interested (and able) to travel abroad on an 'expedition'. As you well know, Steve is a musicologist these days, and one of his many fields of interest is the study of mind-body coordination of various world music streams, things like Pakistani Q’waal, Hindi bhajan and mantra, Himalayan and Tibetan chant, and Tuvan throat-singing, and their effect on mental acuity and physical well being. His research is quite extensive, and he is of the opinion that in these particular streams of music lie ancient systems disregarded by Western science but that have always held the attention of yogis and the like. Mike, I would like you and Steve to get together and come up with a few of these sources, so that we can grab a larger worldview of the music of the world, and somehow, develop an algorithm that can be built into our application so that the best and most optimal states of mind can be achieved in tandem with the desired beneficial objectives of the Third Eye Patch.
“If you are willing, I am commissioning you to undertake a quest of uttermost and perhaps historical proportions: to journey to some of those regions I have mentioned, as well as one or two others, say, the Middle East, and perhaps Northern Europe, and bring back some ideas and data that can be universalized and then synthesized. My friends and I have often spoken (we who like to think in these esoteric systems) of the ‘Search for the Lost Chord’. I want you and Steve to go the far side of the world to search, find, and then bring it back home with you.”

Interlude / Boffin Syznic’s Journal
A lot on the plate today. I just got back from my appointment with Dr. Chandra Madras, and he was quite blunt and to the point about my status, which I appreciate. Further complications stemming from my accident are manifest. My esophagus is failing, as I suspected, but that’s the least of my problems. A liver transplant won’t help me now, as we had originally hoped—my kidneys are shot, and likewise my improvised intestinal tract, and I might be forced to go the colon bag route… It’s quite a blow. Chandra says I can live another 2 years, maybe, if I am careful. Starting today, I return to the 6 hour feeding tube. He reinserted the stomach tube right in his office.
“You will feel less hungry after a few days, if you stick to the schedule. As for hydration—”
Hydration will be a problem. Alleviating thirst is the third most powerful impulse in our existence, after sex and breathing, of course. Har har! I will have to inject water in my tube twice a day, for the rest of my life. Madras says I can swallow ice chips, mainly to keep my mouth hydrated. The list of foods that I can safely swallow is getting shorter. Madras also says I have to cut back on my activities, and ‘unnecessary excitement’, whatever that means. For the moment, I have his permission to continue with my upper body workouts, but I have to reduce my weights by half. My water therapy sessions will continue.
My companies (and the vast flow of money that endlessly flow from my patents) pretty much run themselves; I have good people running the show. As for my side projects, things are moving along. My solar panel project is on schedule.
Mike Chen: Interesting fellow. I do recall his book; Mimi says it's laying around here somewhere. This patch thing blew my brain cells out, totally from left field, and the fact that none of us Brainiacs ever even thought of it! Credit is due, and Chen will get co-ownership. My people are stealthily drawing up the copyright papers this week. Research and development will be directed to Lori and the Foundation. Steve has a few ideas of inquiry as well. Jenny (natch!) will handle public relations and the Media, when the time comes. I do believe that this little project is going to blow everything wide open, once certain interests get wind of what we are up to. Which brings me to the last item for today’s attention: Guru Abbryggdd, that Welshman who is hiding out in Mirkwood Forest. I need him, and have sent off an invitation by the ‘Pony Express’. He calls himself ‘The Anti-Virus Guru’ these days, which is fine with me—I never could pronounce his convoluted name! We met some years ago, and corresponded for a while. A brilliant fellow. He’s hiding out now. Someday his story will be told. He has an application that I would like to acquire, and money’s no problem, but his pride must be respected. A little horse-trading is to be expected, to be sure. The Third Eye Patch must proceed, even more so than the OtherNet on which our fortunes and blood have been committed—

4: The Guru (Anti-Virus Guru)

Do not be fooled by the term 'OtherNet', which implies that it peacefully and benignly coexists with the People's Internet. It doesn't. The OtherNet's sole purpose is to destroy the Internet as we know it, and throw us all back into a new Dark Age where we would be all subservient to Cyber Overlords such as Boffin Syznic and this 'Guru' character—ruthless criminal ideologues, intent on suppressing the People's freedom to interact and share information. It's all a con!
Bob Knobbler, CEO and founder of MacroEye Corporation

It just breaks my heart even now, when I think about Guru Abbryggdd, and what he did to me and the shareholders of this company. After feigning his friendship and loyalty, he turned on me and my associates, and attempted to destroy everything that I had worked so hard for and accomplished, for reasons that I still cannot comprehend… Here was a man who accepted my hospitality, ate from my table, and drank my wine. I have never understood or comprehended betrayal. I am still holding out the olive branch, to give him every opportunity to explain his actions, and to make amends on what he tried to do to this thriving company that supports more than 6,000 employees and their families.  
Peter Derringer, 'The Dominator', CEO and founder of Mackeyville-McCool Corporation 

Tea set by his side, the Guru sat on his hillside and watched the sun go down into the ever-present Pacific fog. With the Santa Cruz Mountains spread out all around him, it was a long way from Keep Abbryggdd.
Guru Abbryggdd was born in Wales, in 1981. His family were originally nobles, but their domain and ancestral home, Keep Abbryggdd, had been confiscated by the National Trust, way back in 1947. Guru's bankrupt family's longtime baronial privileges had been made moot by this same Act of Parliament. The Abbryggdd Clan, by the stroke of a pen, became the castle’s custodians, by fiat. It was either that or exile, because there was nowhere else to go, except for maybe the Tinker circuit!
Although Guru had grown up in the castle, he rarely visited the old homestead after reaching his majority. What was the bloody point? After a stint in the Royal Marines, he was accepted into East Anglia University, and eventually established his digs in the Big Smoke, where he first established his reputation as the man to see in London for cyber trouble-shooting, operating out of a flat near the Chelsea Embankment. Then, in his early thirties, he made his move Across The Pond, to a small A-frame house in the wooded mountains above Santa Cruz, California, where he had come to create his current base of operations.
His years with the psychedelic underground gave him many connections locally. There were Huxleyian neuro-programmers, Pinchbeckian bloggers, and McKennaesque shamans and high priestesses he counted highly among his friends. Many of these he had met at conferences heralding ‘the new synergy between cybernetics and psychedelics’ (self-congratulatory episodes for many of them, but none the less, occasions that Guru would remember long afterward, if only for the comeliness of many of the female participants.) Being a little older and wiser, he didn’t indulge too often in psychedelic drugs these days, but he did discover that the value of networking is all in who you know, and that in the vast Cyber Community of Northern California there were many brilliant individuals among the eccentrics and the cranks. Not to mention women of all shapes and sizes. Looking through his address book, he decided he would connect to one of those lovelies now.
“Got to get that one onto the NoseBook page,” he mused, as he sipped his tea.
Guru decided next to check in with his publisher, on the quarterly royalties for his book, How to Be An Oxymoron. Three years on the shelf had brought him little. He admitted to himself that the title might have confused people a little bit—some of the letters that had come in about it seemed to either begin with “I thought this was a humor book!” to “You write damn good software, Guru. Won’t you consider taking a position with us?”
The royalties seemed to be in limbo. That was not encouraging. So for now he’d just brew his tea, tend his herb garden, and wait for the news from Boffin Syznic.
He sat back and downed his tea. The thick taste of honey overpowered the chamomile in this batch, he thought. “I really must try some new combinations.”
Taking a pen he scratched on his calendar: Plant new herb garden—Best date?
It was becoming apparent that his latest patent for The Ultimate Anti-Virus Fix-All, his life’s work, was being held up by the Dark Forces. He had put his all into it, not to mention most of his fortune. Of course the government was taking its time because this was such a pioneering and drastic solution he was offering. Was the delay perhaps the doing of his deepest darkest rival and competitor, Peter Derringer of the Mackeyville Antivirus Corporation? Does a bear defecate in the woods?
Derringer was a sick, power-hungry freak who had dubbed himself ‘The Dominator’. Derringer ran the Mackeyville Colossus which forced independent developers like Guru to either play into their licensing, or face numerous hacking attacks to their personal networks and laboratories. Nothing could be proved, as of yet. Recently, the State of New York had tried, and lost in court. But it was no coincidence that Peter Derringer once served time for insider trading.
Thanks to extreme protection, Mackeyville seemed to be untouchable. The little guys kept on working on new apps, and once in a while a firefly like the Anti-Virus Guru came along, only to be squashed, or absorbed. And Mackeyville continued to be the preferred (nudge, nudge) brand used by most major international corporations.
Guru held no personal grudge for the worker bees over at the Mackeyville Corporation. As an ex-contractor, he had even been to one or two of their corporate picnics, complete with oyster fry and rock bands. But he knew this idea of his could, no, WOULD put Mackeyville out of business, and he would do whatever he could to make that a reality. Peter 'The Dominator' Derringer was certainly reckless and crazy, but not necessarily stupid. The word was out that Derringer had hired detectives and goons to locate and harass the Anti-Virus Guru, because a lot was on the line here. The Dominator was a ruthless and dangerous dude. 
All of this was a distraction from his current mission: Helping implement The OtherNet.

The OtherNet was funded by several anonymous well-oiled billionaires who wished to create an alternate communications system independent of any nanny government over-arching authority. The unfinished OtherNet system would rely on portable server transmitters moved from around from place to place—and the numbers would vary by region. The network’s firewall automatically excluded any government IP address from logging on. Guru’s contribution was the Two Headed Worm Blocker, which prevented viruses from being loaded and received over the network. Also, nearing completion was his very own YakMail secure e-mail system.
Boffin Syznic was one of the big shots. He had sunk a lot of resources into the scheme, and was definitely in the sights of the Blue Meanies. Boffin wanted to touch bases, but communications were a little slow, for obvious security reasons. That was Guru’s next project!
So the OtherNet moved forward at a snail’s pace. Luckily the Government’s ‘experts’ were chasing shadows. This cat-and-mouse shell game involved dozens of different characters, of which the Guru would have been the least noticed, but he knew the Feds were seeking him. They didn’t really have that much on him, except for maybe the fact that he had overstayed his visa, which these days wasn’t that much cause for alarm. So far he had not been tracked back to his Santa Cruz refuge, thanks to his meticulous forethought, planning, and general deviousness.
Guru had given a lot of thought to his cover and his own various means of stealth and security. There was no way he could return to Wales, until a pesky problem concerning back taxes was cleared up. He was more or less exiled to the USA for the duration, if he could keep his nose clean.
The OtherNet had not yet become public knowledge, at least on the level the masses could access and interfere with its proprietary functions, but the Feds suspected, and one had to move with caution. So he really had three problems going.
One: Peter Derringer and the Mackeyville Corporation.
Two: The U.S. Government and his own fugitive status as a co-founder of the OtherNet.
Three: What he was going to do about this proposal that had reached him from this other group of shadows, the Table Foundation.

Boffin Syznic’s message came up the mountain by a ‘runner’. She was young and athletic, with long brown hair and beautiful hazel eyes.
A real heartbreaker, sighed Guru, who felt old and pathetic, despite being only in his early thirties. Guru thought he might have seen her before, maybe down in the canyon. She smiled and removed her earphones.
“You the Guru? I’m Sandy.”
The girl handed him an envelope.
“Can I use your shower?”
Guru pointed to the bathroom. “Help yourself, darling. Hope you like your water, well, warm.”
As the girl showered, Guru put away lustful thoughts, and opened the sealed envelope. He was amused to find that the communiqué was written in bad Welsh. The translation wasn’t the best, and this is what Guru could make of it: Boffin Syznic wanted to make a deal, and was willing to swap some lucrative applications, and a healthy amount of cash. He was trying to get ‘some sort of software happening that might be useful in the world for more than just making a pile of loot’. This was some heavy stuff, some kind of interactive software and a device they called a patch, like a nicotine patch, that would be fine tuned to each individual user according to their biorhythms, which might be used to override any genetic predispositions to disease or to depression, and maybe create a world where each user, according to Syznic, could live a life of optimal health and happiness.
Guru paused.
“A life of optimal health and happiness.”
Well, a lot of special interests would find that intolerable.
Syznic was a known entity to the Guru, having met him ten years ago, on the continent. A formidable and capable fellow, with vision and ‘fire in his belly’. But could he take on the good old United States Government, and its corporate masters?
Guru was sure that these folks known as the “Table” were going to be feeling the same sort of heat he was just getting accustomed to himself.
The message concluded: “Get to work, and we’ll pick you up, say, next week?”
Remembering the value of networking, Guru insisted that Sandy have a cup of tea, and chat.
“Sure, why not?” Sandy was twenty, and on summer break from UCSC. Her father was somebody or other in the OtherNet underground community.
When it was time to go, Guru jotted one word on a post-it, and handed to the girl, ready to return back down the mountain. The word was “Si.”

Interlude / Memo from Steve Shank to Boffin Syznic

Boffin, I have consulted with Mike Chen at length, and we have agreed on our primary places of interest. I have proposed that we begin in Greece, Macedonia, and Istanbul, where many streams of ethnic musical traditions have historically crossed paths and integrated. Mike suggests the Central Asian Republic of Tuva, as well as Nepal and Delhi, where we can record some Islamic and Hindu prayer music. Places where there have been great musical anomalies…
(Boffin paused in his reading, and jotted down on his notepad: “Right on! Old Dick Feynman’s fixation!”)
I spent a few nights back consulting planetary orbits and magnetic resonance patterns, hoping to find the ideal tonal approach that will be the key, not only for the main project, but my own separate research as well: The Music of the Spheres. As you know, Lori has her own ideas on all of this, and feels that the MELODY itself is the key, as opposed to my theory that the mathematical tonalities themselves are what we are looking for (see Pythagoras). Lori  actually thinks that the Answer is in fact, a lullaby! THE Universal Lullaby! Well, we shall see. 
(several paragraphs of technical jargon omitted)
Once we reach a consensus on all of that, we can then proceed, what with Lori’s bio-technical prerogatives, my astronomical database, and of course, your mastery of nano-circuitry!
Once we have the whole range of these musical streams assembled, we can process them into transferable mathematical replications of their wave patterns. These can then be inscribed on the code strings embedded in the chips that will attend the final product. And then we might have something—who knows, maybe the aural version of the Philosopher’s Stone. (I know, but anything is theoretically possible!) Some of you have heard this all before, but I wanted to get this all out, and on the record.
— Shank
I understand, Steve. Too bad only a small part of this, for the moment, is suitable for public consumption.
— Boffin

Book 2 Planned Obsolescence

5: Silvergirl 

DEA Agent Karen Silver (codename Silvergirl) entered the motel room, and nodded to the two plainclothes cops who were playing blackjack at the small kitchenette table. The cops gathered up their cards and split, and Agent Silver locked the door behind them. Turning, she giggled at the naked man sprawled out on the bed, handcuffed to the bedposts. A sports bag sat at the foot of the bed between his feet.
“Oh, David, you have really stepped in it now. I thought that YOU of all people, would know better.”
“It's not my dope, Silver,” said the naked guy, “and you know it.”
“Oh really, darling?”
Silvergirl pulled a baggie out of the bag, opened it, and poured a little pile of tiny white snowflakes onto the back of her hand.
“Don't mind if I do, Diego.” 
Silvergirl snorted the glistening pile expertly, without spilling a single granule.
“Ooh, David. Esto es muy bueno.”
“Why me, Silver? We've always gotten along, or so I thought.”
“Take it easy, Counselor! Play ball with me, and maybe…”
Silvergirl unbuckled her gun belt and quickly became naked. Without pausing, she climbed into the bed and mounted her prisoner, who was already dutifully aroused. Agent Karen Silver was the type of gal that liked to chat as she rutted. 
“If you do a little something for me, just a little odd-job, I'll make all of this trouble go away, disappear.”
“Do I have a choice?”
Silvergirl laughed gaily, and began to rock back and forth.
“Tell me, David—you ARE acquainted with one Jennifer Morgan, aren't you?”
“What about her?”
“You tell me…”
Silvergirl settled into a slow gyration, indicating that she was in no great rush, thank you very much. The night was young, and they had plenty of blow and some cold ones in the fridge. Silvergirl ran her fingers through David's hair, and playfully tugged and pinched his earlobes, causing him to wince.  
“How long have you known her? Start from the beginning, and tell me everything.”

Jennifer sipped from her pale ale and dutifully sat through the dull poetry reading by Betty Kay Fogg, an aspiring young 'poet' who worked the cash register at Duck's Pizza and Saloon, her old watering hole in downtown El Cerrito. The Duck held an 'open mike' on Sunday afternoons, and Jenny occasionally dropped in to check out any potential prospects. The Duck had personally called her up and asked her to come on down and check out the kid. Jenny stayed long enough to be polite, and on her way out she whispered to Duck, “No offense, but I don't think she should quit her day job any time soon. Give her a raise, why don't you?”
Once outside on the street, Jennifer wasn't particularly concerned (or paranoid) at the sight of two El Cerrito police cars double-parked in front of her car, but she hoped that they would be considerate enough to give her a little room to pull out, without a hassle.
Surely they aren't here to hassle little old me.
“What's up, Officer?” she said, maybe a little too earnestly to a cop loitering next to her BMW. The cop was nice and friendly, and courteous to a T.
“Is this your car, Ma'am?”
“Why yes, er, is there anything wrong here? —Hey! Who in hell opened up my car?”
“Keep your hands where I can see them, Ma'am. What's in that package, sitting there on the back seat?”
Uh-oh.
“Package? What package, and why are you searching my car?”
Suddenly there were cops everywhere, and before Jenny knew it, she was relieved of her purse and handcuffed. “Mind your head,” said the nice police officer as he guided her head with his hand as she slid awkwardly into the backseat of the cruiser. That's when it it all hit her, that cursed grinning sandbag, and Jenny lost her cool, like hardcore! For one thing, her skirt was hiked up way too high for her liking, and she couldn't yank it back down to her satisfaction, thanks to the freaking  handcuffs! The pigs all gathered around the car and took turns leering in at her. One of them even took a picture. Fucking creeps! Jenny cursed and bitched at the pigs all the way down to the station house, although she cooled herself down by the time they booked and mugged her. 
Do not pass go, do not collect $200.

David Cross was extremely nervous as he sat with Agent Silvergirl in his gold Corvette, right around the corner from the El Cerrito Police Department. Silvergirl gave Dave a proper little peck on the cheek (just like a modest housewife) as she slid out of the car and stepped out onto the sidewalk.
“Morgan is all yours, Counselor. Do show her the real stuff tonight, just like you showed me last night—or the deal is off. Don't ask me WHY, just DO it, and do it with a will! I am counting on you to have that redheaded hussy panting and positively MOANING by sundown!”
“Why is this so fucking important to you, Karen? Of all the crazy things I've ever been asked to do—and besides, Morgan surely has a steady at the moment…”
“She doesn't, but never you mind, Cross. This IS important to me, but I can't divulge, ahem, classified information! It is not for you to know, and why should you even care anyway? Such a beautiful gal, this Jennifer Morgan… you WILL charm her socks off, not to mention her panties, and stay with her the entire night! Just do this one last thing for us and you are free and clear—oh-my-gosh, you are going to bone her absolutely silly tonight—or you WILL take the rap for the coke, I guarantee it.”
“You won't be listening in on us, will you Karen?”
Silvergirl just threw her head back and laughed gaily as she walked away and disappeared around the corner.

Jen's brain was idling in neutral by the time they led her down to a holding cell, along with a middle-aged woman who whispered to her (with obvious embarrasment) that she had been nabbed shoplifting video games for her teenage son.
“I swear to God, I don't know what got into me—I'm not like this, you know! I've never done ANYTHING like this before!”
Two hours later, Jenny was led to a waiting room, where a tired looking police detective, and a handsome gent named David Cross rose from a table to greet her. Jenny's purse and car-keys sat on the center of the table.
“Long time no see, Morgan,” said Cross, with a wide smile, “although I do apologize for taking so long to get here and straighten out all of this bullshit.”
Those last words were directed at the detective. 
Jennifer didn't even acknowledge the cop.
“Thanks, David. Can we go now, please?”
Jennifer's personal attorney, Martin Porter, was tied up with something, but fortunately David Cross, an old acquaintance of both Jennifer and Porter, had been available.
“I'm Detective Green,” said the tired cop. “We are very sorry for this inconvenience, Ms. Morgan, and the DA has dropped all the charges, including the hashish found in your purse. The package in question here contained a pound of medical marijuana that was stolen from a pot dispensary in Berkeley, two days ago.”
“You think that I robbed that pot?”
“I didn't say that. Our officers responded to a 911 call from a passing pedestrian.”
“See here, Green,” said Cross, “you'll be goddamned lucky if Morgan doesn't sue your sorry asses for misconduct and harassment.”
“We had to check it out, Ms. Morgan,” said Green, ignoring Cross. “Like I said, we do apologize. You may go now.”
David took Jennifer's arm. “Come on, Morgan, there's a bad smell in here. Let's go out and find us some fresh air.”

Lightning does strike, and something definitely clicked between Jennifer and David, who were both at loose ends and between relationships. David was dashing and handsome, and Jenny was more than ready to rock and roll! After dinner and drinks, they drove to Dave's Lake Merritt apartment where the night proceeded pleasantly. In the morning, David even made breakfast! In between sessions of delicious yabyum, David chatted about what he was up to these days, primarily advocating drug law reforms, particularly the Federal Government's ridiculous policy regarding marijuanna.
“I'm an annoying gadfly, or so I'm told.”
Jenny, libertarian at heart, wholeheartedly agreed with everything David was doing. The Federal Government, in their bullheaded stupidity, would not budge even an inch on the subject of decriminalizing marijuana, despite the growing number of States and cities who saw things otherwise. It was obvious to Jenny that the overreaching Feds (along with the cartel bosses) were purposely keeping the street prices high, which enabled more crime, thus justifying the growing Police State, not to mention the all-powerful Prison Guards Unions, among other pork-gobbling, pig-slopping, law enforcement industries and entities. 
“Crime DOES pay, David.”
“C'est la Vie, Jenny-O.”
By late afternoon, Martin Porter was OUT as Jen's attorney, and David was IN, and on Jenny's payroll, not only for the Morgan Agency, but also on retainer as acting attorney for the Table Foundation, pending a vote of approval by the board, come next Friday night. What a rush! 
“Welcome aboard, David,” Jenny whispered in his ear, as they nibbled on sushi, sans clothing, in Dave's living room.
Maybe it was just a matter too much excitement, but by the time that second evening rolled around, David wasn't feeling too well, and complained about an earache and a whopping migraine.
“Damn it, I don't know what is wrong with me… my ear hurts like hell… I feel like getting plastered…”
“No way, let's get dressed—don't argue, I'm taking you down to the emergency room.”
David didn't argue.

Jen spent a long night in the Howland Hospital waiting room, and several times she wandered off for coffee or a cigarette out in her car. Mostly she just dozed.
At around 4:00 AM a surgeon, still clad in his operating greens, entered the waiting room, and Jenny rose nervously. The surgeon extended his hand and spoke with a German accent.
“Ms. Morgan? Dr. Morris Röntgen, out of Strasbourg. Relax, Mr. Cross is doing fine, although he is now on heavy sedation. All is well. By divine providence I happened to be in your fair city of San Francisco, wrapping up an Otologist seminar. I was preparing to fly back to Strasbourg when I received the call from the doctors here at Howland last night. It is well, very well that you brought Mr. Cross in when you did, because in all honesty, it wasn't me but you, yes, YOU, who saved his life. It was that close! If you had waited until morning… well, we could have lost him. The operation went well.  After a bit of probing and a little touch and go, I removed a very small tumor nestled up against the vestibular nerve, located behind Mr. Cross' right eardrum. The tumor itself was benign, but it was squeezing the nerve and a nearby blood vessel, which could have caused a cerebral hemorrhage or stroke at any time. It is very rare, but it does happen. Once again, I thank you for the presence of mind in getting him down here. The doctors here at Howland want to keep him here for the next two or three days, but Mr. Cross should be given the green light to return home, in no time.”
Jen felt like weeping, she was so relieved. “Thank you so very much, Doctor!”
“Fair enough, but thank yourself while you are at it, Ms. Morgan.”

11:30 PM, Room 239, Howland Hospital
David slept on and off until late in the evening when a big, burly, male nurse assisted him to the bathroom, and held him upright in front of the toilet. 
“There we go, sir. Squeeze a li'l bit more out of that thingy, now. Good to th' last drop, very good, there you go.”
After a quick sponge bath, the big guy gave him a little jello and a little cup of orange juice to chase down the smaller cup of medicine.
“Drink every drop, sir. Lookin' good. OK, head's up, Big Nurse's comin' in right now.”
“Big Nurse…”
DEA Agent Karen Silver entered the room, clad in nurse's cap and uniform.
“Thank you, Mr. Jackson, that will be all.”
The big guy closed the door behind him. Nurse Silver locked the door and planted her butt right on the bed. “It's about time you woke up, Cross.”
David was too groggy to be alarmed, but was annoyed, nevertheless.
“What are you doing here, Karen? I did your dirty business, fair and square, right?”
“Oh, you are free and clear, baby. I just came by to say bon voyage, and to reassure you that your little problem with the Agency has all been cleared up, and as a matter of fact, it never happened at all… and to show you our appreciation for a job well done, I left you an ounce of the primo stuff—I'm talking Machu Picchu, darling—you will find it in your sugar bowl, up in your cupboard. How about that?”
“Why Morgan, Silver? Why did you roll her over?”
“Oh shoot, we got a bad tip, totally bogus. Morgan's record has been completely expunged, clean and white as an Easter lily.”
“You don't know Jennifer Morgan… she would consider that an insult! Are you really done with me?”
“Absolutely! Now that you have hooked up with that red-headed vixen, I truly wish the both of you all the best! I just came by to say goodbye…”
Silvergirl lay on top of him and kissed him hungrily. Dave closed his eyes, and fought to stay awake, because the medicine was beginning to kick in. 
“Is Morgan as good as me? Tell me the truth now…”
Silvergirl gently nibbled on his left earlobe, the healthy one.
Suddenly David felt something hard, something very blunt and metallic in his mouth, jammed between his teeth, and he opened his eyes in alarm.
Nurse Silver's shiny pistol was jammed inside his mouth, and David began to gag. 
Silvergirl smiled grimly. “Easy there, Cross. This is just a friendly reminder… If you sing to anybody, even Bog Almighty, I WILL blow Jennifer Morgan's brains out, all over her fancy white carpet, over there in her oh-so-trendy digs out there on the waterfront. Don't even entertain the thought of squealing, even in your deepest, darkest, dingiest subconscious. Do you understand?”
David frantically nodded. Silvergirl yanked the gun out of his mouth and stuck the barrel against his forehead.
“Say you understand.”
“I—I understand.”
“Good enough, Counselor. It's been a real pleasure. I'll let myself out now.”
Silvergirl slipped out of the room, and David immediately descended into an uneasy slumber.

David in fact, made a speedy recovery, and Jenny deemed that he would be more than ready to assume his role as attorney for the Table Foundation, pending approval, at the next board meeting at Duck's on June 10. Mike Chen would also be on hand to submit his proposal and request for a research grant regarding the Third Eye Patch. David was quite intrigued, to say the least.
“This Chen fellow sounds like a real stoner, with this patch idea and all! You were really married to this guy?”
“Yes I was, and we had a wonderful time together, Stud-man! And no, Mike never cared for weed, it only made him paranoid. He's strictly a beer man.”
“How downright incestuous, Jen! Hey, this Third Eye business—”
“—Can change the world as we know it, according to Boffin Syznic. Lori Dryer is really excited, and that's saying something. Somehow, Mike Chen snuck right up on us, and shoved ice cubes down our panties! I'm so glad you are on board, David… you and me.”
“Hey, watch it with those fingernails, baby!”
“Sorry! Looks like you are ready, sir.”
“As ready as I'll ever be.”
“Prove it then, why don't you?”

David had a series of scheduled depositions and court dates in LA between June 8 and June 15, but after consulting with the EET doctor at Howland, he was given the green light to fly by jet, thank Bog. Dave assured Jenny that he would be back for the board meeting (held at Duck's) on Friday night, June 10, before jetting back to LA to wrap things up, knock on wood.

//EncryptedTransmission/MotherBoardSF/PiltdownSeminaryHill//
//IndigoChild15InPlay/RontgenEnRouteAndrewsAirForceBase//
//EndEncryptedTransmission//

6: Planned Obsolescence

June 10
Friday night chaos at Duck’s Pizza and Saloon. An overflow crowd was on hand for the night’s entertainment, mused Boffin Syznic as he sat in his wheelchair, munching on ice chips from a paper cup. He winked at his party of old friends seated at the large round table in Duck’s reservation-only back “party room”. Duck’s is where the Table Foundation met informally, while business meetings were usually held at Jennifer Morgan’s office park in Emeryville.
The din from the sound system resonated through the cracks in the wall. Rage Against The Machine, Shoot Out The Lights, and Olatunji shook the floorboards.
The members of the Table Foundation were waiting for the arrival of Mike Chen, whose proposal had been faxed to each member present. All of them held the three-page summary in front of them, in a big mess of pizza crusts and beer steins.
“I remember beer and pizza,” joked Boffin to his wife Mimi, his longtime lover, gatekeeper, and lifeline.
“You’re not missing anything, Boffi,” said Mimi, who then loudly slurped her diet cola with a straw. Mimi Syznic was the Table’s unsung hero and drill sergeant. On the surface, she deferred to Jennifer Morgan’s leadership, but in truth, she really ran the show. Mimi affected a Goth look, and held a PhD in Systems Analysis, among other titles. She and Boffin were childless, and the Foundation was an outlet for Boffin and herself to do some good, such as scholarships for gifted but otherwise ‘unsuitable’ young people that always fell through the cracks. The Table Foundation was Boffin and Mimi’s ‘baby’.
Directly opposite Boffin on the far side of the round table sat the one and only Jennifer Morgan. Boffin knew that she was fortyish but she looked thirty, with a face that could launch a thousand ships and long red hair that you could lose yourself in. Boffin liked to gaze at her when she wasn’t looking.
(You have done very well, Jenny-girl. Honor is due! I picked you well, if I don’t mind saying so myself!)
Jen was project leader, despite having no expertise in any of the prerequisites of this project in particular. But she got things done, time after time. She would be cheerleader and the group’s public face to the outside world when the time came, which was looming maybe sooner than she anticipated. Controversy (and sometimes trouble) always followed in Jennifer Morgan's wake, and Boffin wouldn't want her any other way!
Boffin (and Mimi) already knew about the 'bust', which fortunately for Jen (and the Foundation) didn't make the news. Thank Bog for small favors! Medical marijuanna? Give me a break! As for David Cross, Boffin had met him once or twice over the last few years, and had no definite opinion of him. Nice enough guy, with quite a reputation. Perhaps the perfect match for the fiery Jennifer. Boffin sighed as he gazed at her from across the table. Jenny was wearing unfashionably large reading glasses as she reviewed a stack of papers in front of her, occasionally refreshing herself with healthy chugs from her Sierra Nevada Pale Ale.
Boffin turned his attention to the third woman of the group, Dr. Lori Dryer, PhD, MD, RN, etc. An accredited expert on the brain, holistic medicine, and electrochemistry. Small and well put together, with medium cut dark hair; she sat very quiet and thoughtful as she sipped from a small tumbler of white wine. Despite a smear job by enemies in the Pharma-dominated AMDO (which Boffin knew to be lies and bullshit), Lori was already pegged to be the director of the upcoming medical trials and testing. Highly qualified, Lori’s credibility and integrity was essential for the benefit of the Medical Community that had not yet been bought off.
News of the Third Eye Patch had already leaked out, and little wheels were starting to turn. Aside from the jokes and derision, some people in the know were taking notice. The implications were clear to anybody with a minimal knowledge and understanding of the possibilities, so the misinformation campaign had to begin, starting tonight. They needed to buy time in the Shark Pool.
Boffin reflected on the chain of events that had unfolded since the arrival of Mike Chen upon the scene. Mike was the catalyst, and Boffin was not yet sure if Chen was to be admitted to the inner circle, the conspiracy. Tonight, Chen was to be tested and evaluated. Boffin hated the secrets game. Take Jennifer and Lori, for example. For their own protection, they were not privy to Syznic’s secret councils. Chauvinist that he was, Boffin loved and respected them too much to expose them to the real dangers that existed as a result of his clandestine business, because there was real danger from real evil forces. Besides, he needed them to be free from negative distractions so they could focus their energies on this vital project.
Boffin sighed as he looked at them. He loved them like sisters, the family he could never have. Someday, Jesus willing, they would be told the full story. Things were about to get a little rough.
Jen and Lori, like the public who knew of Boffin Syznic, perceived him as an eccentric but lovable, brilliant but shallow, cranky but compassionate showman who loved the sound of his own voice—and Boffin Syznic had cultivated that image, and refined it to perfection, to the point that he almost believed in the facade himself. Mimi knew better, of course, and as for Shank over there… Stephen Shank knew enough about the real risks involved in this Third Eye venture and was going to keep a watchful eye on Michael Chen, on the upcoming ‘expedition’.
Shank now sat next to Lori, eyes closed, as he meditated on a thumb piano—which was ridiculous, because of all the noise in this joint. Once upon a time, Shank and his band blew the roof off the London Roundhouse, but soon after fled the UK when he found out that his very own manager had put out a contract on his life. (A few years later, this same chap was knighted by the Queen.) It seems that Shank had made a lot of enemies over there in Merry Old England, mainly for having ideas and plans of his own.
Tall and thin, with blonde curly hair speckled with gray and white, these days he looked like a laid-back yet edgy college professor. Divorced, with a daughter (and firecracker) named Jade. Shank was in fact a respected musicologist, part-time astronomer, and an in-demand guitar-slinger and session ace. Shank’s expertise and research was essential for the Third Eye Patch to succeed, and along with Mike Chen, was set to fly out to Athens, sometime next week.
Boffin rolled his wheelchair by hand over to the half-open doorway of the party room and peered outside into the main room. The place was jammed with customers eagerly waiting for tonight’s entertainment. Uncle Duck was really rolling in the dough tonight, he thought dryly. Capitalist Pig.
(Boffin, who was a millionaire hundreds of times over, was in fact, the Duck’s nephew. Duck had brought him out to the West Coast all those many years ago, and helped him get through his post-graduate days.)
Boffin’s thoughts were interrupted by a ringing sound, and he whirled around to see Jennifer tapping a beer stein with a spoon.
“Come to order—for a little business before Mike and David get here—come to order!”
Boffin rolled back to the table, and girded himself. 
“OK, gang,” said Jenny, “I would like to vote on my proposal to bring in David Cross to this project. Since Mike is not formally a member yet, I’d like to get this formality out of the way for his sake. Dave is already on the payroll, so what do you say, Boff?”
“I agree with sparing Mike on this matter… now all of you know that David Cross isn’t my first choice to be our very own barracuda.”
Jenny’s mouth opened, but Boffin shushed her with a hand gesture.
“That’s what his duties will be. Don't get me wrong, Jen. Dave IS a nice guy… maybe TOO nice of a guy in this cutthroat world… but my main objection is that I don't particularly care for his politics—or anybody else's, for that matter.”
Jenny’s face showed a flash of annoyance that she couldn’t quite conceal.
“He’s waiting out there right now, you know.”
“Is he?” Boffin was all bland innocence. “You know how much I wanted Sarah Luptag…”
Luptag was Boffin’s personal lawyer, and already had declined his request because of her workload, but no matter. Cross was a roguish crusader well known to all of them, and definitely in, but Boffin mischievously wanted Jenny to sweat, just little bit.
“I'll tell you what, Jen. If David promises to refrain from any political activity, he's got my vote.”

When Mike arrived at Duck’s, people were being turned away at the door.
“What the hell?” he muttered. A sign over the front door proclaimed:
BACK BY POPULAR DEMAND! PLANNED OBSOLESCENCE! THIS FRIDAY ONLY! $10 COVER CHARGE
A bearded giant in the doorway beckoned. “Welcome back, Mike.”
“It’s been a while, Duck. Good crowd you have here tonight. I hope I didn’t get nights mixed up, because…”
“No, they’re waiting in the back room. Go right on in, son.”
A good-looking fellow strode up to Mike and shook his hand.
“Mike Chen? David Cross at your service,” he said in a relaxed confident tone. “I’m the new kid in town, and in fact your new lawyer, as of tonight! Although I’m still waiting to be admitted to the inner sanctum.”
David had wavy black hair and was wearing a suit, minus the tie.
“Likewise,” said Mike, ‘But do I need a lawyer?”
“Everyone needs a lawyer, don’t you know that?”
They both laughed, and then they saw Jenny waving to them from the back room door.
“Hi Mike, come on in. You too, Dave.” And in they went.
Greetings from all around the table. Lori stood and took Mike’s hand with both of hers. “We haven’t met, Mike.”
“The pleasure’s mine, Dr. Dryer.”
“Call me Lori.”
When Mimi shook his hand, she deftly slipped a small piece of paper into his hand.
“Glad you made it, Mike.”
Boffin and Mike looked into each others eyes for a long moment, and then Boffin nodded and indicated a seat to Mimi’s left. He didn’t say a word. As everybody sat, Mike slyly slipped the note into his pocket.
Jenny welcomed Mike to the Table, which earned a round of applause from everybody present.
“Mike, this is an excellent summary. Is there anything that you would like to add?”
Mike rose to his feet. “Only that I’m not a very good writer, contrary to popular belief.”
Jenny winked knowingly, and Steve Shank chuckled with glee. Mike chuckled himself. “A gal named Estrella Klein put this summary together, and all of you will meet her real soon. I want to thank you all for this opportunity to make a difference.”
Applause from around the table.
“Shit, I sound like I’m receiving an award at the New Age Rotary Club.”
Laughter and more applause from the table.
“Listen, I’ve done nothing but talk my whole life. I’m done talking. Let’s do this. I now have something real to believe in, and I hope I won’t let you down.”
Mike sat down quickly. He thought his words were inadequate, a cop-out. But the others rose and gave him an ovation, with whoops and wolf-whistles. When the applause petered out, Mimi signaled Jen, who said, “Right. That crowd is getting unruly out there. OK then, we also want to welcome David Cross to our little family—”
Applause and shouts of “Hear, hear!” from around the table.
“Dave is our very own pit bull,” Jenny smiled over toward the Boffin, “and I want to remind him that his presence (and anyone else who is interested) is required at our next business and finance meeting at my office on Tuesday, the 14th of June. A fax of that meeting and an updated schedule will be available on… maybe the 15th.”
Jenny looked up from her notes. Mimi raised her hand.
“Chair recognizes Mimi Syznic.”
Mimi: “Motion to adjourn.”
Steve Shank: “I second.”
Jenny gathered her papers rapidly, just like a newscaster at the end of a broadcast. “Motion seconded; meeting adjourned.” 
Jennifer rose. “OK, we’re on in five minutes, folks. I’ve got to get into costume.”
Shank leaned over and tapped Mike’s arm. “Come with me, Mike.”
“Costume? What’s this 'we’re on in five minutes'? You’re not telling me that—”
“Yes, indeed. We ARE The Planned Obsolescence Band, and this is your initiation night. Dave’s too.”
Outside in the main room, Lori adjusted and tinkered with a drum set, while Mimi and the Boffin strapped on funny looking contraptions that looked like a cross between mandolins and ukuleles.
“You mean that we are going up on that stage and play, you know, like perform?”
“Yes, I do,” said Shank.
“I gotta go to the can,” said Mike, who trotted off toward the restrooms. Once inside a stall, he opened the little note. It read:
Welcome, Mike. The Boffin and I request your presence at our home, Syznic Manor, after the festivities tonight or tomorrow morning at the latest. This is a private meeting, and we respectively request discretion. The future and success of the project is at stake. Thanks, Mimi Syznic
When Mike got back to the stage, everyone was more or less ready. Jenny stood at stage center at the microphone stand, clad in a buckskin ankle-length skirt over white calfskin boots, a shimmering blue silk blouse, and a red vest. Unreal.
Shank had a Fender Telecaster strapped around his neck, and a keyboard with some sort of computer setup in front of him. He signaled to Mike and handed him a couple of blues harps.
“Blow some blues in the key of E. The G harp is for the country numbers, OK?”
David picked up a conch shaker. The crowd was on their feet and quite noisy now. Mike felt his customary wave of stage fright for a moment, but only for a moment or two, as usual.
What the hell am I doing up here?
Then Jenny’s voice, loud and clear, boomed through the PA: OK, HERE WE GO!
And the music began.

From The Eco-Tittler: For the uninitiated, the POB may be an acquired taste. Although the band performs infrequently, they have developed a quite a cult following in the Bay Area, mostly by word of mouth. The presence of Steve ‘Orpheus’ Shank guaranteed a SRO crowd last night at Duck’s Saloon and Pizza, but other attractions are also in play here. Gorgeous Jennifer Morgan has a pleasing easy voice, and is quite easy on the eyes for a lot of the guys (and gals) in the audience. Little Lori Dryer (drums and percussion) drives the band and can hold her own against any bar band drummer in the land…

Some things you never forget, Mike thought wryly. The Planned Obsolescence Band rocked out with a straight country-blues set, and after a furtive start, Mike blew everyone in the place away with his head-banging solos. Steve Shank, with his well established (and well deserved) reputation as a guitar-slinger could have hogged the spotlight, but let Mike loose instead, and Mike delivered. Jenny sang a few country and blues numbers, and shook her can, to the crowd’s delight. Boffin and Mimi provided a capable and interesting mix of tones and effects from their double midi setup. Boffin even took a couple of solos on Hammond B-3 organ. Lori, the band’s most accomplished musician (besides Shank), sang lead on ‘Keep On Chooglin’, as she played her ass off, and even broke a drumstick! Mike managed to remember most of the words of ‘Fannie Mae’, an old favorite from the old days.
The Duck stood smiling on the sidelines, recalling the good times when Mike and Jenny would come up on stage to jam with visiting musicians.
“Mike Chen, the best harp man on the West Coast!” he hollered to the crowd, when the band took a break.
(POB’s setlist: Welcome Back; I’m an Old Cowhand; Let’s Jump the Broomstick; Luxury Liner; You Ain’t Goin’ Nowhere; As I Recall It; Oobie Doobie; Fannie Mae; Ripple; Keep On Chooglin’)

Back in the party room, everybody caught their breath and Shank slapped Mike on the back. “The missing link,” he whooped, “Damn it, Chen, you can still honk on that thing! I thought that you were John Coltrane out there, man!”
Jenny gave Mike a big hug, and squeezed his butt playfully.
“Damn you anyway, Mike!”
Dr. Lori outdid Jenny, and kissed him for good measure.
“What did you do to us, Mike? We positively SMOKED out there tonight!”
Mike sat in a happy daze as Jenny and Boffin bantered jovially about a song that Boffin wasn’t too fond of. Laughing, he raised his hands in surrender.
“OK, you win, Jen—”
Suddenly Boffin seemed to be fighting for air. Mimi hunkered down next to his wheelchair. “Easy, baby, easy,” she cooed, as Boffin went into a coughing fit. Lori rushed over and knelt opposite Mimi, as Jenny grabbed Mike’s arm and pulled him away toward the door. “It’s his esophagus. Lori’s a Registered Nurse —let’s give them some room.”
“He’ll be OK, Mike,” said Shank, who saw that Mike was a little spooked. “All of this excitement.”
Mike, Jenny, David, and Shank headed for the bar. People all around them whooped and gave them high-fives. Jenny took a slug of beer.
“Boffin is in good hands, Mike,” she shouted over the din. “He’ll settle down. —OK, Shankers. Shall we improvise a few numbers?”
“I think we better, Jen. Coffeehouse mode?”
Jen nodded, and wiped away her beer-foam mustache with a napkin. “I’m going to change—how could you even let me go up on that stage in this silly clown outfit—”
Five minutes later they were back on stage, Jenny in her street clothes. Shank handed Mike a third harmonica. “Key of A. Forgot all about it, bouncing around my guitar case. Little dusty. We’ll make do. I only brought the Telecaster tonight—”
“We’ll be OK,” said Jen, “Let’s do it.”
The room was getting noisy again, as the Duck came up on the stage.
“Hey SHUT UP if you want to hear any more.” He looked over to Shank and said in a low monotone voice, “There IS more, right?”
Without further ado, Shank and Jenny began their ‘Coffeehouse Set’, and played in rapid order: Come On Into My Kitchen, Shake It Sugaree, Whining Boy Blues, San Francisco Bay Blues, Polk Salad Annie, Jack-a-Roe, House of the Rising Sun.
Mike found his groove again and delivered a few tasty solos. Jenny sang in a fine, confident voice, and Shank continued to play with exceptional understatement. The crowd, well oiled and feeling no pain, ate it up. During House of the Rising Sun, Lori came up on stage, grabbed some shakers, and notched up the tempo a tad. It was time to rock a little, and Shank, Lori, and Mike played off each other in an extended jam before bringing the song to a close.
“Boffin’s OK,” said Lori as they took a short break, “although he and Mimi are done for the evening.”
Boffin, Mimi, and David waved at them from a table, off to the side. Jenny grabbed a beer from a tray, and drank half of it in one slug, earning a round of applause. Mike and Jenny smiled at each other, remembering the days when they used to sing for their suppers and occasionally sneak a night of privacy in Duck’s back storeroom!
“We might as well keep on jammin’ Chen,” said Shank. “Got any ideas?”
“How about some Roadhouse Blues?”
“Go for it, guys,” said Jenny. “My voice is shot, so I’m going to check on the Boffin, and see what David’s up to!”
Shank adjusted the stage monitor levels as Lori sat down behind her drums.
“OK, Mike. This is your party—let’s see where we can go!”
For the next 30 minutes, Mike led them through Roadhouse Blues, Mystery Train, On the Road Again, and a long chugging ‘Mystic Eyes’. Mike honked along like a railroad train as Lori steered the jam into jazz territory, with rolling rim-shots and tom-tom excursions. Shank brought up the Telecaster’s low end, and played it like a bass.
Jenny came back up on stage during Mystic Eyes and fiddled around with the monitor console for a moment, earning a dirty look from Shank. She then stepped behind Shank’s keyboard, and suddenly the room was filled with the sound of a Hammond B-3 organ, which kicked the jam into overdrive. Jenny did all right, although she wasn’t going to replace Booker T any time soon. Mike shifted into hyper-drive, as Jenny, Shank and Lori came together and laid a solid wall of sound underneath him. Mike found the high E note and held on to it for dear life as Shank pivoted around to face both Jen and Lori, and raised his Telecaster high, just like old Johnny Cash. Lori caught his signal and abruptly whacked the snare drum 1-2-3-4 and Shank brought his guitar down and the music came to a sudden halt—and the room exploded. The house lights came on, and Mike blinked.
Are they applauding for me?
Mike felt like he had just hopped off a roller coaster. It was all too much, and he was spent. Ignoring Shank, Jenny, and Lori, he stumbled like a drunken man to the edge of the stage. Everybody in the joint were on their feet, and the noise was deafening. Right there in the middle of the floor, people made way for the Duck, who stood facing Mike with his large arms outstretched and tears running down his face. Mike stepped off the stage into Duck’s arms as the applause intensified, and the Duck led Mike away, into the back party room.
“What the hell just happened here?” Shank yelled into Lori’s ear, as Jenny wiped her eyes and took the microphone. “Goodnight, everyone, goodnight.”

1:30 AM
Jen and David settle on a hotel near the Oakland Airport, because David has to fly back to LA at six in the morning. After a nightcap in the lounge, they retire to their room. The light goes out. The moon goes down in the neon haze reflected over San Francisco Bay.
Miles away, the eavesdropping Federal spook sits in a room without windows. He perks up during Jen and Dave’s lovemaking, but boredom sets in again after the couple quiet down.
“I think they’re sleeping,” murmurs the spook into his headset microphone, “and as for me, I have many miles to go… before I sleep…”
Some time later, the Fed realizes that he HAS been dozing. Shit! Well, all the fun was being recorded on the hard drive, for posterity and future entertainment.
“What’s this? —OK, here they go again,” whispers the spook, wide-awake now!
Dawn approaches Diablo Mountain, looming above the smoggy lowlands.

7: The Room of Isolation

4:00 AM, The Same Day, from Boffin Syznic’s Journal:
Oh the evil that men do. There’s a song that haunts me. ‘Bad News Is All The Wind Can Carry’. What a title! That describes this night perfectly. I thought I was a goner last night at Duck’s. Luckily Lori was on hand, or who knows what could have happened. I was in a complete panic. And now as I sit here scribbling in my notebook, waiting for the night nurse to unhook me from this confounding feeding tube, Mike Chen sleeps peacefully over there on the living room couch. Rem Peterson has come and gone in the last hour. Man, are we all in for it now—
Boffin had been dozing in his wheelchair when his security chief, Remington Peterson, stepped quietly into the darkened living room. ‘Rem’ Peterson was a tall and lanky fellow, with long gray hair tied back in a ponytail, western string tie, and oiled leather cowboy boots. CEO of Peterson Detective and Security Agency, his sole clients were Boffin and Mimi Syznic, Syznic Industries, and the Table Foundation. Both Boffin and Rem were old friends and fellow veterans, although Boffin had been lucky enough to miss Viet Nam. Not so for Rem. They stayed in touch for years, and for the last ten years or so, Rem was security honcho for Syznic Industries. These days he worked primarily and exclusively for the Boss, although his firm employed an extensive network of independent operatives and detectives. Rem was quite wealthy, and didn’t know how much he was worth.
Seeing that Boffin was more or less awake, Peterson gestured for him to follow him into the dark hallway. 
“Your presence is required, O Great One, right away.”
Boffin nodded, and ‘expertly’ unhooked himself from his feeding tube.
“You’ve got to help me get that frigging thing back in before the nurse comes in at six.”
“Right, Boss.”
Minutes later, after rolling down several long sloping passageways, they both seated themselves in the place that Boffin liked to call the ‘Room of Isolation’, or the ‘Bunker’: A dimly lit rumpus room littered with exercise equipment, a sofa, and a table on which sat a game console and monitor.
“Who’s the sleeper on the couch, Boss?”
“That’s the late, great, Michael Chen, notorious writer and ladies’ man, not to mention Jennifer’s ex.”
Peterson nodded and produced a flashdrive from his pocket.
“Boff, this just came in only two hours ago, from a mutual friend. A Federal friend. This is Priority Red. I rousted BJ out of bed to fetch it from our friend in North Beach.”
Peterson paused. “This stuff is hot, way too hot to risk leaving an e-trail.”
Boffin raised his eyebrows, and gestured to the now warmed-up game console. Rem plugged in the flashdrive, and opened up a compressed audio file, which he loaded onto an audio-editing program.
“This file runs four hours, from around 9:00 PM last night to 1:00 AM.”
Rem paused again. “This isn’t easy to listen to.”
The sound quality of the audio file was excellent. It almost sounded like they were right inside Jenny and David’s hotel room, on hand for the fun.
Rem shut it off, as Boffin closed his eyes, and sighed heavily. Rem pretended to fiddle with the console, so Boffin could compose himself. After a few moments, Rem cleared his throat.
“Sorry, Boss. Listen, it’s not Jenny who is wearing the wire, it’s David Cross. If you really want to, you can follow him into the bathroom, if that’s your thing.”
“This is all pretty sudden… David Cross, our beloved radical crusader, wearing a wire for the Government?”
“Right—David Cross, notorious libertarian and pesky gadfly, openly critical of the Government’s ‘War On Drugs’ policy—snooping for the Man? Want to hear the kicker? It’s possible that Cross doesn’t even know he’s transmitting.”
“Where is the bug, Peterson? His wristwatch? How in hell—?”
“I don’t know. My contact is working on it.”
“Great timing… and if this isn’t about the Patch, I’ll blow my brains out.”
Boffin unplugged the flashdrive and put it in his pocket.
“OK, Rem. Good work. Keep on top of this. I’ve got to get back to my guest. He’s the guy that came up with the Patch. Interesting fellow.”

Boffin was back in the living room by 5:30, and Rem helped him re-insert the feeding tube (rather clumsily) with only minutes to spare before the nurse came in. (If she had found out, she would have chewed both of their heads off!) Rem went to hit the sack, as Boffin returned to his journal in the dim light of the living room window. Dawn was approaching on the horizon.
David Cross and Michael Chen are the final pieces on the chessboard, and the game is now in play. The big wheel is turning, and all the players are now in synchronous motion. Something tells me that Mike Chen is the key, but I don’t know how, or why.
Boffin paused at his scribbling, and looked over at his guest, deep in slumber. Once awake, Michael Chen was to be tested and evaluated, but Boffin was confident that he would show his quality. Chen was the spark, the catalyst, who had set everything in motion. It was now time to set the whole world on its ear, and on a new track.
“It's high time…”
Boffin bent back to his journal.
Jenny, Jenny. There is real evil in this world, and it breaks my heart.
Jesus help us all.

Mike Chen opened his eyes, and after only a few seconds of disorientation, he remembered where he was: Boffin Syznic’s couch. A shadow dancing across the wall informed him that he wasn’t alone. On the other side of the room, Boffin Syznic sat in his wheelchair, as a nurse unhooked and rolled up a tube onto a rolling stand that had some sort of pump-like object hanging from a hook.
“Hydration and nutrition bags between midnight and six,” said Boffin, as the nurse wheeled the apparatus away. “My esophagus is pretty much kaput since the accident.”
He noticed Mike’s discomfort.
“Don’t worry about it, Mike. Life goes on. —You slept like a baby.”
“You’re telling me.”
Mike swung his legs off the couch, and padded over to the window, where he gazed at the outline of Mt. Diablo, black against the line of dawn.
“Wow. Great view, Mr. Syznic. Were you in here long?”
“I spent the night in here with you, well, because—”
“Because you were worried that I had maybe contracted into irreversible dementia or something?” Mike smiled as he said this, to reassure Boffin.
“I’m OK. I blew off a lot of pent-up steam last night. It was a long time coming. I was so tired later, I don’t remember much after that.”
“We brought you home, and you passed out right away. Mimi was pretty pooped herself. Let me tell you something, Mike. You blew the frigging roof off the place last night. Uncle Duck told me that it was the best show he’s seen in years. Shank was just beside himself, Lori too…”
“I guess I did get a little wild and crazy last night, huh? My lips still feel like hamburger…”
Boffin chuckled, as Mike shook his head, and joined him. After a moment, Mike remembered something, and reached in his pocket for the crumbled up note.
“Mr. Syznic—”
“Call me Boffin. Want to see something really cool?”
Syznic abruptly wheeled his chair around and headed down the hallway. Bewildered, Mike followed after him into a spacious kitchen, and from there to a pantry where they came to a door with a large unlocked padlock and chain.
“The wine cellar. Too bad Mimi doesn’t drink, and I can’t drink, har, har—”
Mike laughed, politely. On the far side of the dusty cellar was another door, with the words SOLAR PANEL ARRAY AND POWER GRID MAINTENANCE stenciled on it. Once inside, there was long rolling ramp that led (finally) to a room with a sofa, table and chair, and on the floor various weights and dumbbells. There were no windows to be seen, but Mike could hear a ventilator, faintly. There was a game console sitting on the table hooked up to a small flat screen monitor.
Mike, impatient, blurted out: “Syznic, what the devil?”
“I’m sorry for all the mystery, Mike. This room is the only place on the property that is surveillance-free, I guarantee you. We are directly below my ‘vast’ solar panel array on the hillside out back. You’ll see it later. My trusted technical boffins assure me that nothing the big boys have can penetrate my, ah, ‘firewall’. We need to talk.”
Boffin flicked on the console and monitor.
“Even paranoids have enemies, Boffin?”
“You tell me.” Boffin paused for effect, and continued. “Look, I want to personally welcome you to the team, because something tells me that your arrival on the scene was no accident, and that you have an essential role to play in this project that we are now embarking on. Believe me when I tell you that this project is by far the most important and vital application I have ever attempted… and because you are an important part of this, I need to confide in you.”
“Anything to help, Boffin. Like I told you all last night, I am extremely honored, and still can’t believe my good fortune.”
“Good enough!” Boffin paused to clear his throat, and seemed to hesitate for a few seconds. “Mike, what do you think of David Cross?”
Mike thought it was a strange question, and he answered guardedly.
“I like him. I’m very happy for Jenny.”
It was pretty obvious that that Jen and David were happening, and Mike was glad that somebody was happy. He pushed gloomy thoughts of Beta out of his head.
What Boffin said next brought him up short.
“David Cross is carrying a wire.”
Mike opened his mouth, and closed it. “What did you just say?”
“Check this out, Mike.” Boffin pulled the flash drive out of his pocket and inserted it into the game console.
“This was hacked from the FBI last night. We… well, we happen to have a few friends in the spook community, and this came my way just an hour or so ago.”
Boffin moved the cursor safely back to 9:00 PM on the compressed sound wave file. He didn’t want to return to Jenny’s hotel room. As before, the sound was crystal clear.
–Mike Chen? David Cross at your service. I’m the new kid in town, and in fact your new lawyer, as of tonight! Although I’m still waiting to be admitted to the inner sanctum.
–Likewise, but do I need a lawyer?
–Everyone needs a lawyer, don’t you know?
Boffin shut it off.
“David Cross,” said Mike, dully.
“As I said, we do have some contacts in various agencies, and I can’t go into the details, but I will tell you that Syznic Industries has many ruthless competitors in the private sector, not to mention their cronies and henchmen in the United States Government. I need to be absolutely clear on this, before we continue any further… in our new partnership. I would be negligent if I did not give you every chance to take a pass on this project, because as of right now, the FBI, out of the blue, is suddenly very interested in what we are up to. David Cross is spying—on us.”
“The FBI, like the F-B-I? Run that by me again.”
 “I repeat: We are under investigation and scrutiny by the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and I believe it’s about the Third Eye Patch. This is a new ballgame now, and your name, reputation, and peace of mind, can possibly be at great risk. I am telling you this so you can weigh your options. You are under no obligation, by contract or otherwise, if you choose to back out of this venture. Since the Third Eye Patch was your idea and inspiration, I would be remiss not to disclose these new developments to you so you can make your decision, in your best interests. The Government has now inserted itself in our affairs, and I shit you not, they can—and will—make your life a living hell, if they choose to do so, without remorse or forethought. They can squash us like bugs, without a second thought, if it serves their purposes. The Table Foundation is now under their radar. You need to know this right up front, if you want to move forward with me in this venture. These people play hardball, and they play for keeps.”
“Are you saying that they can shut you down? The Government?”
“I can think of a half a dozen ways they can do it, without even trying. Look, we must have something that they want, seeing that they have inserted a mole right into our inner counsels… and since you are a partner in this venture and have an equal say in what we decide to do, we need to take stock and evaluate this current situation. We can pull the plug on the whole thing—or I can write you a check, right here and now, for full rights and ownership, fair and square. A reasonable and lucrative settlement of say, seven figures, minimum. You can then take the money and walk right out of here and nobody would hold it against you… I myself would more than understand.”
Mike sat silent, stunned, but not quite stupefied. Boffin nodded, and cleared his raspy throat before continuing.
“Now that I’ve got all of that out of the way, I want to tell you that I think that the Third Eye Patch is far too vital and important to abandon, and I am hoping that you feel the same way. What do you say, Mike? Are you with me, and will you consider staying on board?”
Mike studied Boffin’s careworn face, salt and pepper hair, and sea-grey eyes. He suddenly felt a wave of respect and camaraderie, and impulsively decided that he wanted to hang out with this fascinating guy, in spite of all the risks and danger, just to see what happened next. This is where things were happening, and Mike wanted to be part of it. In that crystal timeless moment, when Boffin’s eyes were in union with his own, Mike took the plunge.
 “Boffin, you told me that you believe that all of this… all of us coming together was no fluke or accident, right? Well, I’m a believer too, and I’m with you all the way. I very much want this thing to happen! I don’t really have anything better to do, so let’s do this, just as long as you can give me a guarantee—in writing—of something very important.”
“Guarantee? What sort of guarantee, Mike?”
“Like, how about a guarantee that I don’t get water-boarded!”
Mike and Boffin both erupted into laughter, and some of the tension in the room was diffused. After Boffin recovered from his mirth, he clasped hands with Mike, who momentarily winced from Boffin’s iron grip.
“—So sorry, Mike! Must be those upper-body workouts! I want to thank you, and I appreciate your support—and your sense of humor! Listen, we do need to talk a little more about this business concerning David Cross. Using simple deduction, I find it highly unlikely that the Feds are snooping on Jennifer Morgan’s business dealings, so I will repeat my assertion that they are investigating the Table Foundation, the Third Eye Patch, and dare I say it, little old me. Why would Uncle Sam be interested in my activities? To give you some perspective on the bigger picture, we have to go back, way back… are you ready for a little history?”
“Oh, I just love history, Boffin. Did you know that my mother, rest her soul, taught American History at Lowell High for nearly twenty years?”
“It’s too bad I never had the opportunity to meet her, but it looks like she did a top-notch job with you!”
“Ha! She would have liked you, Boffin.”
“Thanks for that, Mike. OK, here we go, the Syznic Saga: Once upon a time, or shall we just say, many years ago, long before I hit the mother lode, I graduated from Northwestern U with degrees in particle physics and electrical engineering, thanks to the GI Bill. I made my way as a private contractor for various universities and research institutes, always in search for the Holy Grail, otherwise known as research grants! In those days, MIT was the big gig, and I spent a couple of years there, often working on Government contracts, mostly for NASA, or so we were told. When the Defense Department came a’ courting, I had enough of things by then, and I turned them down—and along with Mimi Delario, who later became Mimi Syznic, we lit out of Massachusetts clear across the fruited plain to California, all the way on my Harley, and the rest is history! Apparently, my rudeness at MIT did make us some enemies in the Government, I am sorry to say. Why am I telling you all of this? Because I think that you need to hear this tale, and I feel compelled to tell it you, although we have only just met… because something IS happening, Mike. Something bigger than all of us… forgive me for getting a little mystical on you, but I believe without a doubt in my mind that the Third Eye Patch is the force, the spirit, that is nudging us forward… Crazy, right? So if you are still with me… hmm, where was I?”
“You were telling me about your Harley ride, all the way out to the Promised Land.”
“—Right, California! Uncle Duck took Mimi and I into his home, and put us right to work! I understand that you put in your own time at Uncle Duck’s yourself, but I’m sorry to say, I don’t remember you—no offense!”
“None taken, Boffin. A lot of people went in and out through Duck’s revolving door! Too much beer, and too many brain cells, long gone now, under the bridge!”
“How right you are! Anyway, Mimi bussed tables and I baked pizzas by night, and we made the rounds of Silicon Valley by day. I found a position in a floundering firm that was going under, and eventually filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy. As fate would have it, Mimi and I acquired a working lab, and in our spare time, after hours, in stealth, we conceived, cooked, fermented, bottled, and brought forth into the world… the Tigerlily Chip! We never looked back, Mimi and I. That dying company became Syznic Industries, and the rest, ahem, is legend! I became a player, a contender, a big shot in the shark pool. For some unfathomable reason, I gained a reputation as an ‘outlaw’, a spoiler, a rogue and an outcast… primarily because I never expressed an interest to play with the Big Boys in their bloody sandbox. The years passed, the millions became billions, and I almost bought the farm in a motorcycle accident. I retreated from the scene for a while. Now that I have returned to the playground, old grudges and resentments are beginning to rear their ugly heads…”
Mike nodded with understanding. “So you were blacklisted, eh? I know the feeling well! OK, so you aren’t very popular with your competitors and the Government.”
“You are so right! I have never been very popular with the in-crowd, for some reason. The bad boy, the outlaw, the reprobate that just won’t behave! The introduction of the Tigerlily Chip sent a few dinosaurs to the bone yard, because I wouldn’t be nice and share the licensing pie. Why should I share with any of them? They never shared with me, when I was flipping pizza dough! Har, har!”
“Economics 101! OK, Boffin, not only are you extremely unpopular, but you are universally hated! Why is David Cross spying on the Table Foundation for the Government?”
“Because the Third Eye Patch has set off alarms, and must be investigated. The Patch is a threat (for good reason) and a clear and present danger to some very powerful special interests. Billions of dollars are at stake. The Government is the servant of these entities that keep them in control. It’s that simple. They are now on the move, and we must keep one step ahead of them. I was hoping that our venture could have been kept secret for a little while longer, damn the luck!”
Mike stirred uneasily in his chair. “What do we do?”
“We need to be cagey! We can do this if we keep our heads. You see now why we must move forward with the Patch, even though they are lining up against us… we must run with this, and best them, because—”
Mike suddenly thought of the Nous, and the Static Sphere.
“—Because the Patch was meant to be…”
“Now you’re talking, Mike! All of this can’t be just mere coincidence. David and Jennifer hooking up, and your arrival on the scene seems to have set everything in motion. Random events? Maybe I am a superstitious mystic, but I don’t believe in random events. Mimi, however does, being a much better scientist than me! So here we are. Look, we have to assume that we are now, or soon will be, under enhanced Federal surveillance. All of us. We have to watch what we say and do at all times. In public, in private, in our bathrooms—and in our bedrooms. Assume that all e-mails, texts, phone calls are being monitored and recorded into data banks.”
After a moment of uncomfortable silence, Boffin cleared his throat, and gestured around the bunker.
“Industrial espionage is nothing new, of course. As you can see, I’ve been taking steps for quite some time, because I do have other things in the works. Some of my competitors are quite ruthless and unethical. I’ve had this security setup for months now.”
“So other corporations are spying on you, like, right now?”
“I’m afraid so. Some of my Asian competitors and a few unscrupulous characters in Silicon Valley are true Darwinian entrepreneurs… it’s an old game, Mike. As I said, I do have other things in the works, very big things.”
“Unreal… oh, one hears stories now and then, urban myths and conspiracy theories… Tell me something: Why David Cross? He doesn’t seem like a spy kind of guy, you know?”
“Actually, Dave is the perfect mole. Maybe they have something on him, or maybe they are holding a jail sentence over his head. Who knows? But let me tell you something—we are going to damn well find out! By the way, my security chief—you will meet him soon—well, he has a suspicion that David might be completely unaware of the bug—take a look at this, Mike.”
A tiny little object, maybe one quarter the size of a match-head, lay in Boffin’s open hand. Fascinated, Mike could see that a tiny length of thread-thin wire protruded from it, like a tail. The object looked like some sort of sci-fi artificial spermazoid.
“This is a high quality microphone and transmitter, with a range of, oh, maybe 2,000, 3,000 feet, and has the capability to piggy-back onto any cell phone, laptop, or Monkberry. These can be hidden in clothing, jewelry, wristwatches, rings, or even on the body… they can be worn for days without detection… even in the shower. We are still trying to determine the nature of David’s device, and if he is even aware of it.”
“Wait a minute, run that by me again. I seem to be missing something here. What do you mean, Dave might be unaware… do you mean his bug, his microphone?”
Mike stood up abruptly, and his chair fell backward.
“Hold it—are you telling me that David is wearing that fucking microphone, like twenty-four seven and he doesn’t even KNOW it? Transmitting, like broadcasting, like even when he and Jenny are… you know, even when they are—oh my bleeding Bog, motherfucking son of a bitch!”
Before Mike could stop himself, he kicked the chair across the room as he let out a stream of curse words. Boffin waited patiently for Mike to settle down.
“Welcome to the snake pit, Mike. Here we have Dave and Jenny, digging the good life, digging each other, and transmitting over encrypted frequencies into databanks, tended by loving spooks with meticulous care.”
Mike crossed the room, and returned the chair to the table.
“OK man, I do need to settle down. I’m sorry about my tantrum, and I hope I didn’t bust your chair here. I’m not really like this, you know…”
“No need to apologize to me, Mike. I’m with you.”
“Is Dave working for the government or not?”
“The very next day after our phone conversation, Jenny got herself into a jam on a bogus drug charge. Totally set up. Jenny's lawyer was 'indisposed', and David, only a casual acquaintance at best, suddenly pops up out of nowhere and gets the charges instantly dropped. Very convenient, wouldn't you say? Jenny later admitted to me in so many words that she had been totally sandbagged and didn't even know what hit her.”
“Damn it, what do the dirty bastards really want, and what can they actually do?”
“Well, for one thing, they want more dope concerning the actual Patch. IS there a Patch? Do we even have a prototype in production yet? What does it really do? Is this thing for real, or is it just a hoax, or some hippie nonsense? Can this technology be used for military purposes? How about behavior modification, or even mind control? That is their mindset. If it IS the real thing, the implications, as we have discussed, are far-reaching. Oh how they hate being in the dark!”
“Can they really get away with this? I mean, really!”
Boffin smiled sadly, and Mike suddenly knew, just as Boffin knew, that sure, they could get away with it, of course they could! This was the freaking U.S. Government! Mike nodded in resignation. Boffin cleared his throat.
“You do know the phrase ‘Follow the Money’? The whole world spins on those three words. When push comes to shove, the Third Eye Patch is indeed the joker in the deck. Vast fortunes and dynasties are at risk. Mega-interests are at stake and on the line, because a healthy, drug-free public is totally unacceptable! We are talking about hundreds of billions of dollars, and I’m not even including the tobacco companies, who are out of the game now. The big players are all well respected institutions of great power and influence. Take for example, Perry Pharmaceuticals. Having the most skin in the game, their bottom line has always been that if they can’t own it, then they must suppress or smash it. PerryPharm, among others, has the full power of the United States Government behind them. It is estimated that the pharmaceutical industry, along with their partners in the commercial medical establishment, control 20 to 25% of the economy. You can’t make this stuff up, Mike, but they do not want people to be healthy and well. They want, NEED, us to be sick! I am certain that Fister Perry, CEO of PerryPharm, is the man behind the curtain, you can bank on it.”
Boffin held up the flashdrive.
“Fister Perry is a nasty old man, and a hardcore control freak. This man is already worth 20 billion dollars, but he will never be happy or satisfied until he owns everything… and even then, that won’t be enough… I’ll bet you a dollar that right now, at this very minute, he is sitting, pondering… and plotting to shut us down. I know these people, and so does Dr. Lori Dryer, by the way. Lori was hounded, smeared and ridiculed by the same PerryPharm Corporation, all because of her advocacy of holistic and alternative medicines.”
“Is this Patch really doable, no bullshit?”
“I wasn’t bullshitting you last week, Mike. We have been working on this thing for a while. We were missing something, until you came along and gave it to us.”
Boffin leaned forward in his wheelchair.
“Saturated hypnosis devices, or implanted chips were our only options as workable delivery systems, and we rejected them both as barbaric, intrusive, and counter-productive. YOU, and your external patch idea was the end-all of what we were looking for all along, and we missed it completely.”
Mike took a moment to formulate his words.
“Thanks for giving me every opportunity to back out of this, and I understand the risks… and the danger… I do appreciate your honesty… but damn it, what the hell, I’m game! Sure, I’m crazy, but my mind is made up, so you can count me in, Boffin. Maybe I shouldn’t know too much, but I thank you for confiding in me, and I trust your judgment. Tell me what you think I should do.”
“Well, for starters, let’s keep this matter between the two of us, until we know more about where we stand. Speak to no one, I repeat, absolutely no one about the surveillance, especially this funny business with David Cross. Jenny, above all, must never know. Ditto Dr. Dryer—if this project is to succeed, we need Lori to remain focused, and we mustn’t let all of this shit spook her. She will be doing all the heavy lifting, just you wait and see! Never, ever, discuss anything that relates to the inner workings of the Patch itself, or anything technical. Steve knows a little of this, but I’ll have to brief him later today on this new business regarding David Cross. Always assume that somebody is listening in, Mike. Never discuss my activities with anyone. I’m only a funny old bugger with lots of money… brilliant but eccentric; the crazy uncle—got it?”
“Right.”
“Talk about music, mystic stuff, pie in the sky, peace and love. The evils of nicotine addiction. Encourage the circus-like atmosphere; all of that is coming. We might even be able to fool ‘em for a while, if we’re lucky. This is a mission, Mike. If this was just about making money, I would chuck this whole thing, right here and now. I can’t quite put my finger on it, but as I told you, my gut tells me that you are essential for this project to succeed. I am very, very, glad that you are with us. There is one more thing. When you and Steve embark into the great blue yonder, they will surely take notice with great interest, if not alarm.”
“Oh what the hell, I have always lived a sheltered life, and can use a change of pace! I’ll take my chances, and trust that nobody will ambush me and pull out my fingernails. Who would even give a shit about me, and what could I even tell them? I’m just your typical, garden variety fraudulent hustler, not to mention a technical virgin who flunked out of algebra! Look, all jokes aside… I do believe in what we’re doing, and I’m in, all the way, because at this point in my life, I need to believe.”

Boffin and Mimi’s Spanish-styled ‘Manor’ sat on 100 acres of rolling hills of grass and oaks, seven miles east of Danville.
“The house that Tigerlily built,” said Mimi Syznic, as she served Mike coffee in the spacious kitchen by a sunlit stained glass window. Boffin had retired to his room for a nap, but Mimi was up and ready for the day, fresh as the sunrise. Mike thought that Mimi’s black Moroccan coffee was a little sweet and exotic for his taste, but she had been kind enough to offer him a cup.
“Boffin is such a night owl these days. He’ll be out of it until noon or so. Water therapy, twice a week.”
After they finished their coffee, Mimi took Mike by the arm, and gave him a tour of the grounds. Swimming pool, patio, guesthouse, and last, but not least, a large array of solar panels, on the hillside behind the house.
“Our engineers at Syznic Technologies are wrapping up a new prototype that will compete with the big solar companies, and hopefully give them a run for their money, knock on wood.”
Mimi and Mike turned back to the house. A driver was waiting; it was time for Mike to go.
“I designed the stained glass windows,” Mimi told him proudly, pointing up at the upper level of the main house. “Boffin and I designed the entire house to make the best use of the light, and to diffuse the summer heat.”
“What a lovely spot, Mimi! I just love it.”
“Welcome aboard, Mike. Please don’t be a stranger, and visit us out here, any time.”

One of Boffin’s employees drove Mike the 30 miles back to his car, parked near Duck’s Pizza and Saloon in downtown El Cerrito. The guy’s name was Axelrod Jones, and he worked for Boffin’s security detail.
“Yeah, that’s my name, sir.”
“Hey, don’t call me ‘Sir’, unless I’m with a beautiful dame.”
“Gotcha, Mike.”
They chatted about the upcoming All-Star Game, as they glided in Axelrod’s vintage Cadillac over the barren hills, and down the long sloping grade to the Caldecott Tunnel.
Mike’s old Subaru was none the worse for wear, and he drove off in sparse Saturday morning traffic. He looked around for a StartUps Coffee Shop (his latest vice), with no luck. He settled on a 7/11. Within minutes the City rose for him as he tooled along the top level of the Bay Bridge. This was his favorite view on the planet, and it always left him breathless.
“Oh boy, here we go, here we go.”
As Mike drove, he reviewed the last two crazy weeks in his head. Everything was a rush, and moving way too fast. The whole business about David Cross was disturbing. He knew that David had a reputation as a thorn in the side of the powers-that-be, particularly the United States Government. Mike had always despised and avoided politics, because he found that most people only believe what they want to believe—and it was all lies. All politics was an illusion—magic acts, Grand Opera and burlesque, complete with comedians and straight men, filling up the dead air between the main attractions. And now Jenny was caught up in the evil, and with no fault of her own was now an unwitting pawn on the Government’s chessboard. Damn them all. What did David know?
Boffin Syznic believed that the Third Eye Patch was viable. Mike was honored and thrilled to be part of it, despite Boffin’s warnings about the government and the corporate spying. At this point in Mike’s life, the Table Foundation felt like a rush of fresh air, after years of wellness conferences, new age phonies, and fantasy conventions! All of that seemed unreal, compared to Boffin Syznic and the Table. Mike really liked these people, and that wild-ass show at Duck’s. It was just too bad that Beta couldn’t have been there. He decided that this was the finest morning of his life. A new day and the great wide world beckoned.

Alone in his bedroom, Boffin bent yet again to his journal. He wrote in cursive longhand.
Michael Chen is now on board. He is a good man, and will be fine, although I am very concerned about Jennifer—my beautiful little sister Jenny—so tough, and yet so trusting! I destroyed the flashdrive. I don’t know if I can ever look her in the eye ever again without feeling like a peeping-tom. Damn the filthy perverts—I almost feel like I am one of them, covered with a slime that will never wash off. Someone IS going to pay, one fine day. Jenny must never learn about the audio feed. How do we handle this? When the time comes, what do we tell her? What do we do about David Cross?
Rem suggests that the bug might be on Dave’s watch, or a ring, but the sound quality is more akin to a very well-placed mouthpiece, or RedSnout. Something isn’t right here. I’ve directed Rem to get moving on this. No one is ever to know the details. Forgive me, Jenny.

Morgan Park, 2:30 PM
Jenny, clad in a black bikini, unbuttoned Hawaiian shirt, and Giants baseball cap, sits at her Avocado Console, a cup of Skippy's coffee at her reach. 
“What a rush, Skipper! I wish you could have been there last night! Everybody is so jazzed up!”
“Yes, Ma'am.” Skip grunts as he fiddles with the patch-cords behind Jenny's wide-screen TV. “There we go, Miss Jenny. All fixed.”
“Praise Bog, thank you so very much! I can't even go a day without the Volleyball Channel.”
“Yes'm.”
Jenny reviews her text to Mike Chen, nods, and presses SEND.
Mike, I still haven't come down yet from last night! Shank is reviewing the tape, and I haven't seen Lori Dryer this excited in years! Damn you anyway, Michael! By the way, kudos for your excellent summary! I am very impressed with your Estrella Klein. Why don't you bring her along to the finance meeting on Tuesday, and let's see what we can do, if you don't mind? Bravo!
An incoming email from David appears in her in-box.
Saturday depositions? Give me a break! We are hoping we can wrap this up on Monday, so I will see you Monday night. Your place or mine?
Jenny giggles and replies at once: Decisions, decisions! How about a glass of wine in the hot-tub up on my rooftop? See you Monday!
Jenny gazes out at the sailboats on the choppy sunlit waters of San Pablo Bay. 
“What a beautiful day!”


Book 3 Beta and the Void

8: Twilight’s Last Gleaming

Sunday Afternoon, June 12, Over On The East Coast

F. Walker Piltdown, newly appointed Deputy Director of the National Agency of Science and Technology (NASTY), dismissed his driver for the day, and decided to drive himself from his office in Seminary Hill over to the D.C. suburb of Alexandria, for an unnecessary briefing by Magog, regarding the David Cross activation. Unnecessary, because Piltdown had already been briefed in full by both the FBI and NASTY operatives out in San Francisco. This ‘consultation’ however, was at the request of the President himself. Operation Indigo 15 was a go. Piltdown was scheduled to fly out to San Francisco, armed and equipped with a budget to set up his operational headquarters, assemble a team, and establish marching orders for the local FBI, San Francisco Police, and local law enforcement agencies.
Piltdown hated the goddamned West Coast, especially San Francisco.
The National Agency of Science and Technology was one of those invisible Federal agencies that were accountable only to themselves, the President, and a few select Senators and Congressmen. NASTY’s activities (and budget) were classified, all in the name of National Security. Even the President’s personal staff and advisers were excluded from the loop.
Piltdown’s boss, Dellingsworth Hogsmoth III (codename GOG) was a longtime Beltway spook and survivor, scion of an honorable and influential New England blueblood family, Yale graduate, and past president of Skull and Bones. Gog (also known as the Big G, or the ‘Head’) was also the head creature at the Sacred Grove, out in California. If you’re confused now, just wait—it gets better. Gog was also the ‘real’ Science Advisor to the last six Presidents, and had jurisdiction over the various agencies such as the FBI, CIA, NSA, DHS, in all matters pertaining to science and technology. He was also one of the chief contacts with the big boys at the leading corporations, involving contracts pertaining to ‘National Security’. His main connection was a confederation of hi-tech corporations known as ComCo, or more popularly known as ‘The Consortium’. He also was associated with Big Pharma, including the colossal Perry Pharmaceutical Corporation, or PerryPharm, for short.
One of Gog’s many mantras: “Keep it all together at any cost.”
Gog was also a pervert of great renown. Current custodian of the Sacred Grove along the Russian River north of San Francisco, he presided over what one social critic (Marsha Portrero, of the Eco-Tittler) referred to as “an exclusive elitist den of degeneracy and depravity; the Illuminati’s own private sexual Disneyland.”
Let us return to F. Walker Piltdown. His father, M.W. Piltdown, now ‘retired’ Deputy Director of the CIA, was one of the most feared and influential players in the DC spook community, and was a longtime mentor and friend of the President himself.
Although FW lacked MW’s wit and refined discipline, his career in the secret services was pre-ordained. He dutifully attended Yale, and actually earned a degree in criminal psychology. (MW Piltdown himself had graduated from Yale with a degree in Sociology.) FW’s particular expertise was coercing, bullying, and blackmailing researchers into working for the U.S. Government, under the lie of National Security.
FW had long ago cast away any scientific objectivity and accepted the lies as the price for membership in the Mystic Grove—and over the years he had forgotten they were lies, and had been swallowed up whole. FW, like many of his colleagues, was crazier than a sack of weasels. Unfortunately, he was also quite capable and successfully ruthless in his profession. He was the analogue of an achiever like Boffin Syznic, or Jennifer Morgan.
As for the Cross matter, they had stumbled onto a promising lead into achieving a long sought-after goal: Cutting Boffin Syznic’s balls off.
F. Walker Piltdown had once tried to recruit Syznic, twenty-five years ago at MIT, and Syznic had said no. Almost immediately after this, FW’s ‘NASA’ cover had been blown, and he had to flee MIT. To be fair, he had no evidence it was Syznic who had blown the whistle. It could have been any one of the dozen or so he had approached. But there it was.
FW pulled into Magog’s driveway in the beautiful upscale neighborhood. Sounds of lawnmowers and leaf blowers filled the summer air. A pretty matronly lady came down the walkway, and FW bent down to receive her kiss on his cheek.
“Hi, Mom,” he said.
“Hi, dear. Dad’s in the den.”
Magog (M. Walker Piltdown) was watching a ball game, and turned down the sound when FW entered the den.
“Honor is due, son. Good work. It’s about time the Indigo program produced us a candidate as promising as this David Cross fellow. It was you that located and recruited Cross, correct?”
“Yes, we were watching Child 15 for a while, waiting for an opening—”
(David Cross’s codename was Indigo Child 15; being the 15th candidate to be successfully recruited into the ranks of the ‘Indigo Children’.)
“—Anyway, as a result of Syznic's intercepted phone call, I had a hunch, and set up the Morgan sting and Cross' surgery. I figured it wouldn't hurt, and Horowitz himself was available. Cross is performing just perfectly, and honor is due to Professor Crane for his spot-on profiles of both Cross and Morgan. Crane is of the belief that all roads lead to Boffin Syznic.”
MW nodded. “Indeed. Your old friend Syznic seems to be up to something, son. This can lead to bigger things, if you don’t fuck it up.”
“Aw, Dad!”
“Sorry, son. I forget my place, sometimes.”
Officially, Magog was ‘semi-retired’ and technically occupied a lower perch on the totem pole than FW, but he still was a friend and mentor to the President, and was well known and feared in the Beltway. FW, at age 53, still stood in his father’s shadow, and had yet to ‘make his bones’ in a big way. And every time he met with the old man, he was always reminded of that fact. There never was a day that went by without FW wishing that the old bugger would just drop dead.
“Son, one of the down-side aspects of this promotion is that you will periodically have to brief Gog himself, and that means at the Grove itself.”
“I realize that, Pop.”
Both father and son disapproved of the antics at the Grove out there in California, but not because of the general depravity and debauchery. Both Piltdowns had never possessed moral compasses, and generally turned a blind eye to the perversity that permeated the Government agencies.
“All is permitted,” was a favorite saying of MW Piltdown.
But optics was important, and the bad publicity that leaked out from time to time was an annoyance. Besides, both of the Piltdowns were too anal and puritan to even consider ‘letting off a little steam’ in public, or at least in front of witnesses.
“Anyway, son, Gog is a great man.”
Magog sounded like he was reading from a script. Both of them knew that Gog was a monster, although a necessary one. Magog continued: “Never mislead him if things start going bad, even if it means your ass. Disloyalty is unforgivable. Remember, our patron god’s name is ‘Muddle’. Things DO fall apart—”
“I know, the center cannot hold. Dad, you are too pessimistic. Things will be fine.”
“That’s the spirit, son. Now recite with me: The Sacred Rules Of Lucifer.”
“Aw, Dad—”
“Together with me, now. Begin—”

Later, on the way out, Magog called FW aside.
“One more thing, son. I’m sorry to tell you that Grampa has fully recovered from his last surgery, at least physically.”
Magog made a circling motion with his index finger around his right temple.
“Tweet-tweet. Gog is keeping an eye on him. The old man has full access to the Grove.”
“Shit! Oop, I mean FECES, Dad!”
“I know… that old goat just won’t die.”
They whispered together out of earshot from Mom, whose father was the aforementioned old coot at the Grove, Senator Wilbur Prescott. Chances (and hopes) were that he wouldn’t even recognize his grandson if their paths should indeed cross.
“Lastly,” said Magog, “the two most important things to remember are?”
“One: It’s always OK to lie to people BELOW you. Two: When dealing with local authorities, always make everything seem like it’s THEIR ideas and decisions.”
“Right on, son. That also goes for your dealings with all those pansies over at the FBI, those assholes over at CIA, and those trigger-happy idiots at ATF. The stupidest ones are those morons in Homeland Security, and that’s saying something, son.”
FW got into his Escalade, and rolled down the window. “Thanks, Pop.” He prayed every day for Magog to suffer a fatal stroke or heart attack.
“Go with Satan, son.”

F. Walker Piltdown’s redeye flight touched down at SFO, where he was picked up by Special Agent ‘V’, right on the tarmac. V was on loan from the San Francisco FBI, and had done a job or two for NASTY in the past. A good man.
“Oh, the perks of Government Service,” said FW to V, who wheeled the government sedan onto the sky ramp in the direction of US 101. Destination: The Federal Building in downtown San Francisco. V briefed Piltdown as he drove. There were few new developments concerning the target group, otherwise known as the ‘Table Foundation’.
“Perry Pharmaceuticals somehow managed to place a high-frequency bug at the Table Foundation headquarters, just this week.”
“Imagine that,” said FW, who already knew that PerryPharm was already investigating the Third Eye Patch. He wasn’t that concerned, just as long as PerryPharm did not interfere with his own investigation.
The National Agency of Science and Technology shared mutual goals and interests with PerryPharm, the largest pharmaceutical corporation in the world, and periodically shared information and the occasional odd job. The pharmaceutical colossus wielded considerable power and influence, and was one of the cornerstones of the Pyramid and the Great Eye, otherwise known as the Military Industrial Pharma Complex. That being said, FW had no intention of disclosing David Cross’s top secret Indigo status with PerryPharm, or anybody else, although he wouldn’t be surprised if PerryPharm already knew about the Cross activation.
The Indigo Project itself was known to a very small circle of elitists, spooks, politicos, and crony corporate types, residing in the Great Eye, but not much was actually known about the actual inner workings and primary objectives of the program. This was the stuff that was mostly whispered about, or not talked about at all. A couple of whistleblowers died in a horrible car crash, and a despondent reporter shot himself with a Saturday Night Special, or so the rumors went. Say no more.
PerryPharm was right in the thick of things, being a power unto itself, a massive bureaucracy that answered to no one, and directed the FDA, the AMDO, and their cronies in the United States Government to dance to their tune, in support of their vast interests. Say no more.
News of the Third Eye Patch had set off alarm bells, and the puny Table Foundation was now under PerryPharm’s radar, a bad place to be. You just did not fuck with old man Fister Perry, a nasty, bitter, paranoid control freak. Although PerryPharm and NASTY were both investigating the Table Foundation, they weren’t as of yet working together, and that was fine with FW Piltdown. If, and when, the order was given, NASTY would coordinate with Perry, but all of that was down the road.
FW ignored the scenery and studied his printout, as V gunned the Plymouth sedan past a sailboat race rounding Candlestick Point. FW lit a cigarette.
“Any reason why they call themselves The Table?”
“They meet once a month around a big circular table in a pizza joint, by the name of Duck’s. Favorite meeting place, for years.”
“This Chen fellow. Anything that we can sink our teeth into?”
“No criminal, radical or subversive activities or connections. Jennifer Morgan, however, has been popped for a few minor drug offenses, but nothing really hardcore. Actually the whole bunch of them are cleaner than Barbie’s panties. Oh, David Cross has legally represented some questionable characters, but strictly by the book. As for that cocaine bust, Silvergirl determined that Cross was set up by a disgruntled client.”
FW chuckled. “Barbie’s panties?”
“Sorry, sir. If you had any daughters, you would know what I mean. Anyway, the Table Foundation is cleaner than the driven snow.”
“Right. How about the ‘OtherNet’? Any new scuttlebutt to report?”
“Only the usual mellow yellow. Incense and peppermints.”
The OtherNet was FW Piltdown’s main concern, and he didn’t really care if PerryPharm acquired the Third Eye Patch. The OtherNet was the primary threat to the Great Eye, and it had to be stopped right in its tracks.
“I want to nail Boffin Syznic,” said FW abruptly. “I want to feed him his balls, if he still has any.”
V felt a chill. Never one to hold a grudge, he wondered how people like F. Walker Piltdown clung to power without bringing the whole shithouse down around their ears. He knew that FW and his father were petulant and petty as teenagers, and that made them dangerous and totally unstable to wield power. V, on the other hand, didn’t hate anybody.
“Sir, there is one opening that can possibly be exploited. It seems that Chen’s girlfriend walked out on him last week. Had some trouble with some asshole and was ripped off. Reported to be living in her car.”
FW had good hunches, despite his dysfunctions.
“Divert some resources on this. What’s her name?”
“Bronski. Beta Bronski.”
“Bronski. Good old Bolshevik name! Get some men on her. Track her, and throw her to the SFPD. When they are finished with her, let’s see what we can do. Give me a full bio, before the day is out.”
The sedan rolled down the 9th St. exit into downtown San Francisco.

9: Beta Bronski’s Blues

Dazed and confused, Beta Bronski sat in her car and chain-smoked. She had just been fired from her clerking job at Furman and Rifkin Law Associates. Without explanation she was told to clean out her desk, and was escorted out of the building by a security guard. She drove up and down Market Street on auto-pilot.
I’ve just been fired, she told herself. No big deal, right?
Two weeks had passed since the day Mike had left for Rivendell, and the loss of half of her savings. She had sat with the old man, and convinced him to let go. A good deed, to be sure, but it left her totally drained. She just wasn’t in her right mind, later that night, when she impulsively decided to bail out, and take that ride with Eric. Mike had dropped completely off the radar, and she was pissed off, hurt, and confused. Nothing made any sense. Throwing caution to the wind, Beta and Eric embarked on what could be described as a ‘lost weekend’. In just ten days, they spent $5,000 on booze, blow and motel rooms. Meanwhile, Mike had promptly returned her $10,000 back into their joint account, but by then, Beta was way too busy partying with Eric to answer Mike’s emails. Mike gave up after a few days. Beta used up all of her collected sick days, and didn’t look back.
Three days ago, she was woken up by a motel manager who wanted payment. Eric was gone. To her horror, her debit card was tapped. Over the phone, the bank notified her that her account had been closed. The remaining $15,000 had been withdrawn. Beta was sure that it was all just a mistake. She gave the motel guy her Monkberry RedFone as collateral, and headed over to the bank, where she learned that no, it wasn’t a mistake.
(How in hell did Eric get her PIN and account number?)
She lived in her car for the next three days. People at work took notice, and began to whisper. Eric Taylor had disappeared without a word, and people started to connect the dots. Beta’s shabby appearance and listless performance didn’t help things, either. It didn’t take long for the axe to fall. Beta was now out of a job, and out on the street.
For some reason, they told her that her last paycheck would not be processed until the end of the week, so she bounced a check from her now empty joint account with Mike for $50.00. The fifty bucks had put some gas in the tank, with a little left over for junk food and cigarettes. After many years, she had started smoking again. Damn Eric Taylor to hell! He had made good use of her, only to toss her aside like a cigarette butt.
Beta now bitterly regretted her rash actions. Leaving Mike over a lousy $10,000 had been a hasty, shallow, and petty mistake, and her shame was almost overwhelming. The truth had finally risen its ugly head, and could not be denied: Mike really had been her last lifeline, and there was no going back there. Beta had no family or trusted friends to call on. No one.
Beta wondered how Mike was doing. Her shame and pride prevented her from calling him up for aid and forgiveness. Although she cared for Mike, she didn’t love him, and felt shitty about it. There was only pain and nothingness in her, and she felt rudderless. Beta knew that she was sinking fast. The Void, dark and sweet, beckoned to her. She sat in her car all day at various locations, and meditated in gloominess as she chain smoked or else just slept.
Near sundown she was parked near AT&T Park when a SFPD cruiser pulled up behind her, and two officers got out and approached her car. An unmarked sedan with a couple of goons in suits pulled up behind them. Before she knew what was happening, she was roughly yanked out of her car, thrown across the hood, and spread-eagled, with rough male hands up her skirt and between her legs. One of the brutes whispered in her ear: “Anything you say we will deny, so don’t bother.” His breath was garlic.
“Ho, what have we got here?”
The other cop came around the car holding a small baggie with what looked like white powder in it. “This yours, ma’am?”
Do not pass go, do not collect $200.00.

Beta spent a horrific night in the tank. Some street girls roughed her up a bit, until she went into a fit of retching, and then they left her alone. She rolled up into a fetal position in a puddle of piss. There were screams here and there, and some of them were no doubt her own. Time stood still. At one point the whores were bailed out, and she was left alone. Later (it could have been the next day by then) she was yanked to her feet by a couple of large female goons and hustled down to a shower area, where she was hosed down with lukewarm water. One of the goon girls tossed her an orange jumpsuit and a little thin towel.
“Move it, honey, it’s time to meet Mr. Trump.”
One hour later, she sat at a table in an interrogation room deep in the bowels of the Federal Building, although she didn’t know where she was by then.
Beta felt serene at this point. It was so much nicer here. She sat alone for maybe a half hour, looking at her haunted image in the large wall mirror.
Not so pretty, little Beta.
At last, two men in suits entered. They both sat opposite her, and placed a tape recorder on the table in front of them. Beta thought that they could have passed for twins.
“Are you my attorneys?”
“Ms. Bronski,” said one, “we are Special Agents Edwards and Richards of the Federal Bureau of Investigation. You are in a whole lot of trouble.”
“Are you going to provide me with an attorney?”
She smiled when she said this. The agents smiled back.
“Do one of you guys have a smoke?” Beta would have tap-danced naked for a cigarette, her jones was that bad. The G-Men ignored her request.
“We’d like for you to look at some pictures, Ms. Bronski.”
“OK, why not.”
One of them tossed a packet of large photographs onto the table. The first photo hit her so hard that her serene facade shattered instantly. It showed what looked to be a burned body of a man in uniform.
“What, what?”
“He was just a guy moonlighting as a security guard so he could provide for his family,” said either Edwards or Richards, in a stern condemning manner, “but I guess you can’t make an omelet without breaking some eggs.”
“Let God sort it out,” said the other.
“Wait, wait, wait, what?”
The next picture showed a burned out building in total ruins.
“Siskiyou Lumber. Small-time family-run outfit.”
Beta’s voice rose in pitch. “Wait a minute, wait a minute.”
The G-Men showed more pictures, and flipped them over so rapidly that Beta had no chance to process them all. The last one showed a grieving family at a graveside.
“A widow and three orphans. Fifty families on relief. Good job, Ms. Bronski. You people make me ill. You people make me sick.”
Both men abruptly rose from the table and left the room, leaving Beta with her mouth wide open in astonishment.

FW Piltdown watched the fun from the next room through the one-way glass. When Edwards and Richards came in, he gave them a thumbs up.
“We’re almost there, boys. Give her 10 minutes, and then round two. Good job!”

When the spooks returned, Beta was ready for them.
“Listen, I swear that I have nothing to do with any of this!”
“We know, Ms. Bronski. We goofed. We got some cases mixed up and we’re awfully, awfully sorry.”
The two agents gathered up the scattered photos from the table and the floor.
“You—what?” said Beta.
“Mix up,” said Edwards, or was it Richards? “Our apologies.”
“Ms. Bronski,” said the other, “can we call you Beta? I’m afraid you are in a heck of a lot of trouble.”
The spook threw a fresh packet of photos onto the table. The top photo showed a picture of a bound and gagged woman, shot in the head.
“Alisha Cruthers. Did you ever sell any drugs to her?”
Beta looked up from the picture and started to shake.
“I-I-I—”
Edwards was around the table in an instant, and jerked Beta’s head forward as he shoved the photo up under her nose.
“LOOK AT HER, YOU BITCH! LOOK AT HER!”
The screaming began.
The questions, or rather accusations, came rapid-fire. This went on for quite a while. They seemed to think that she knew something about a big-time drug operation. When they ran out of questions, they started over. Beta repeatedly asked if she could please have a smoke. Her requests were ignored. Beta was beyond fatigue, and she needed to sleep. On the third round, the questions started to get weird. Beta’s brain was in bad shape. None of this made any sense. Questions like: Did Mike Chen go overseas a lot? Did he ever fly to Columbia? Did he ever store assault rifles in the garage? How about his multiple bank accounts? Did he throw you out because you held out on him? Who is Ernesto?
Beta lost all sense of time. At one point the two agents consulted while she cowered in the corner. One of the evil twins came over and stood over her, and bellowed: “WHO THE FUCK IS ERNESTO?”
Beta went fetal on the floor, as the G-Man squatted down next to her and asked her in a conversational voice: “Did you let Ernesto fuck you up the ass? Did Mike like to watch? Things ever get a little rough, a little bit kinky? Mike caught you ripping off a couple of bags, didn’t he?”
Beta babbled something about Eric driving over to Richmond or somewhere, and anyway, the blow was shit, cut with baby laxative or something!
“STOP LYING!” the goon screamed in her face, spraying spittle. “SHUT YOUR LYING PIE HOLE!”
“Stop, please stop,” moaned Beta, “I didn’t know, I didn’t know!”
“Do you know what is going to happen to you? DO YOU HAVE ANY IDEA?”
The Void materialized in front of her, and she shut her eyes tight.
Just then the door to the room opened with a crash, and a middle-aged man in a dark blue suit charged in, shouting: “WHAT ARE YOU DOING, WHAT ON EARTH ARE YOU DOING?” and he kicked Edwards (or was it Richards?) hard in the ass. The goon crashed into the wall and slid down to the floor. The older man grabbed the other spook by his coat-tails and threw him across the table and he went down with an oof!
“WHAT ARE YOU MORONS DOING?”
Both of the oafs scrambled to their feet, and made for the door. The older guy planted his shoe in the ass of the agent who had shouted in Beta’s face. There seemed to be a commotion out in the corridor, slamming doors and a lot of shouting.
After a minute or so, the older man came back into the room and sat down at the table. He didn’t look at Beta. To her utter amazement he lit up a cigarette. Just like that. He sat back and exhaled a long stream of smoke at the ceiling.
Beta sat in total disbelief, her mouth open and her eyes wide as saucers. She put her hands to her ears and rocked back and forth, as the room hummed and spun all around her.
“Down here,” whispered a sultry voice from the Void, “you can still join us, luscious—”
Beta shook her head and banged her head against the wall, not just once, but twice, just to make sure that she was still there. She was. The Void was gone. The Man had pulled her back from the brink, just in time. The edge of the Void had been so close, a near thing. Rich aromatic tobacco fumes filled her nostrils, and she could only moan: “Help me, mister, please help me.”
FW reached into his pocket, and placed a pack of cigarettes and a lighter on the table.
“Sit down, Ms. Bronski.”
That was all it took. Beta could have wept. She got to her feet and stumbled over to the table. One of her legs was asleep. She sat down in the chair indicated, and reached for the cigarettes, spilling a few on the table. Her hands were shaking so bad that FW had to light the cigarette for her. Beta inhaled a lungful of smoke and exhaled in complete ecstasy. The two of them shared a camaraderie of forbidden pleasure, and actually grinned at each other.
FW silently savored his victory. Act 3 had begun.

Edwards, Richards, and a few others watched and listened in awe, from the next room.
“This guy’s a Master,” said a mean looking woman with short wiry hair, “I’ve heard of him. I wouldn’t dick with him.”
“He didn’t have to kick me so hard,” sniffed Edwards.
“Learn from the Maestro,” said the mean looking woman.
“Shush!” said someone else.

FW pulled out his ‘badge’, and showed it to Beta. They blew smoke at each other.
“I am Special Agent Donald White from the Federal Bureau of Investigation. We are not investigating you. Those idiots tried to pull a stunt right under my nose because they didn’t know I was in the building. They thought that if they could get a ‘confession’ out of you, and it doesn’t matter about what—then they would score some brownie points or win some kind of decoder ring, whatever. They thought that they could coerce you into doing something for us, against your wishes, without due process, completely unlawful—with dreams of glory in their skulls of mush.”
‘Don’ crushed out his cigarette on the floor, and sighed heavily.
“Fools! We are constantly weeding out the morons from the agency. Those rogues will be prosecuted. I swear on my grandchildren.” 
FW paused to light another cigarette.
“Ms. Bronski, I am going to break the rules and tell it to you straight, although it would probably end my career, if you choose to disclose what I am about to tell you. But I feel that I owe you an explanation, with no spin: Michael Chen has gotten himself involved with a bad bunch of people, and is in a world of trouble. I don’t think he has any idea how dangerous these people are, and that he is in way over his head. To be frank, our investigation has come up against a brick wall. I’ll lay my cards out on the table: I, we, desperately need your help.”
Beta stared at Agent White in wonder.
“Before you tell me to go jump in a lake, I will tell you this: I have just committed a felony in disclosing classified information, Ms. Bronski. You hold my fate —and Mike Chen’s —in your hands.”
This was it: decision time. Beta stood at the crossroads, and hesitated. Agent Don White sat still as a statue, with his eyes closed. Beta studied his lined face, and tried to picture him playing with his grandchildren.
“What can I do?”
Beta had crossed over.
FW said nothing, and waited for Beta to answer her own question. It was important not to prompt her; this was her party now, and the fate that she held in her hands was her own.
“I know what… those assholes were trying to do,” continued Beta, “and I’ll let it go. I want to move on. I want to help.”
That was enough for FW.
“Thank you, Beta. First, let’s get you out of here. Can I offer you any assistance? A place to stay? I understand that you’ve been ripped off by some jackass—maybe we can fix all of that, and track this joker down.”
Beta sighed, and nodded in the affirmative. A small rational part of her cried out in alarm, sounding a warning, but she shut the door on her last hope of sanity and plunged headlong into the shining darkness. It seemed that they really did want her, and anyway, where else was she going to go? The Void?
So far, so good, reasoned FW. All of this unpleasantness had been necessary, of course. One had to be tested. But he thought that Beta had passed with flying colors. Now she could proceed to realize her full potential.
FW rose, and extended his hand to Beta. “Shall we go?”
Special Agent Don White took Beta by the hand, and led her out of the room to the elevators. They rode up to the first floor, and strolled out right through security, into the sunlight of downtown San Francisco. No one stared, or even cared that Beta was still clad in her SFSD orange jumpsuit. A car pulled over by magic, and the man known as ‘V’ said jovially as they got in: “Where to, folks?”

There are no morals in politics, only expedience. A scoundrel may be of use to us just because he is a scoundrel.
 —Vladimir Lenin
If you tell a lie big enough and keep repeating it, people will eventually come to believe it.
 —Joseph Goebbels

FW set up Beta in an luxury apartment at 1 Rincon Hill, on loan from the Big G. There was a breathtaking sweeping view of the Bay Bridge, the islands and beyond, from the wall-sized living room window. The perks of Government Service.
Beta underwent extreme mental and physical healing. Agent Don White coached her through an extensive focused orientation program (developed by leading researchers at NASTY) that directed her into a ‘purpose driven’ mode. The program was equivalent to a ‘mental’ boot camp, a cleansing and redirection of the will. Don warned her beforehand that it was not for the faint at heart, and that she would despair of the sound of his voice and the sight of his face, before it was all over.
“It’s up to you, Beta. Do you want to proceed? You can walk away, right now.”
That was a lie, of course. But ‘Don’ already knew what Beta’s answer would be.
“I’m in, Don. I want, I need, to help save Mike.”
“Good, I knew that you would stand up to the plate. Shall we start?”

Beta’s soul was run through the ringer, and her thoughts, dreams, memories, and values were held up to the light, and shredded. Don was relentless, and without mercy.
“Time is of the essence,” he would bark, over and over, as he drilled her. “Do you have the will, Bronski? The will to transform, to utilize, to be all that you can be?”
Beta always nodded in the affirmative, but Don would not relent during these sessions.
“Are you still here? Prove to me that I am not wasting my time with you, Bronski. Will you fold at the first sign of trouble or failure, like a helpless little girlie, frightened by a mouse or her very own shadow? —Do you have any balls, Agent Bronski?”
“Yes, Don!”
“You will call me SIR, until I tell you otherwise, Bronski.”
A hypnotist nicknamed ‘Mrs. Hitler’ came by daily to help Beta strengthen her discipline. A young woman named Psi tutored Beta in yoga and meditation. Then it would be back to Don’s brutal regimen.
And on it went. FW Piltdown was pleased at Beta’s stamina and stubbornness—this sort of thing usually took weeks, and Beta was taking this crash course very well, and as a matter of fact, she was the most promising prospect he had seen in recent memory. Beta was an ‘alpha’ type, and she bounced back from her shattered state of mind with a new sense of purpose and will that pleased FW to no end.
Beta Bronski was a goddamned natural spook, praise Lucifer!

Don bought Beta a new wardrobe, and gave her a complete makeover. She ate healthy food, and cut back from her chain smoking. Don didn’t force the issue, because after all, he had a heavy habit himself.
“Unfortunately, a lot of us in law enforcement are heavy smokers.” (Beta smiled at the ‘us’ reference.) “That also goes for firefighters, first responders, emergency room personnel—it’s a goddamn shame.”
Alcohol was definitely out. Bad for the immune system. Beta swore that she would never take a drink, ever again. She received a series of B-12 booster shots. Don also ‘injected’ her with respect, camaraderie, and a sense of duty (if not to God, but at least to country.) Beta was indeed, ‘born again’.
“You look like a million bucks,” said Don, and he wasn’t lying. Beta had bounced back amazingly well, and he deemed that after a few more sessions she would be ready to be placed into David Cross’s office by Monday morning.
Don waited until Sunday to brief Beta on her upcoming assignment. An ‘understanding’ had been made with her old boss, Glenn Furman of Furman and Rifkin Law Associates. She had not been fired after all. Furman had given Beta time off to pursue her preparations for her bar examination. Furman had nothing but good things to say about Beta’s performance at the firm.
Don threw a packet of photographs on the coffee table, and Beta took a look at ‘The Table Foundation Gang’.
“What we want, Beta, is for you to get placed into the Berkeley law office of one David Cross. Cross is the lawyer for the group known as the ‘Table Foundation’, which is in fact a front for a group far more subversive and dangerous. Lead by one Boffin Syznic, their aim is to bring down the Internet.”
Don paused to let that sink in for a moment.
“They want to bring down our whole society, and build their ‘utopia’ on the ruins of the old. I know it sounds like fiction, like something out of some movie or novel, but the sad truth is that you can’t make this stuff up. And here’s the ultimate absurdity: This Syznic character is a billionaire. That’s right. These people are blinded by their ideology, and they dupe others who have good motives, if not good sense. That makes them very dangerous. David Cross and Michael Chen have been duped, and I want you to help me save them, at least Mr. Chen.”
“I owe him that much.”
“Michael Chen is in way over his head, Beta. Would you be surprised to learn that he is flying out to Europe tomorrow night? Booked a flight to Athens. That’s right, Syznic is sending him on a mission. You, being a trusting person, had no way of knowing of his double life—as an bag man for one of the most unscrupulous, dangerous power brokers I have ever investigated… think about it, Beta. Mike travels a lot, right?”
“Sometimes… fantasy conventions, new age gatherings, you know, maybe three or four times a year… this is all too much, Mr. White.”
“You can call me Don, again! —I do understand your confusion, Agent Bronski. It is always quite a shock, discovering that someone you think you know very well, has a secret, double life. But maybe we can save Mike Chen, before he gets swallowed up whole!”
“What do you want me to do?”
“Not much at first. We are trying to place you into David Cross’s office. There is an opening, and Cross is interviewing. —I can only do so much, Beta. You will have to sell yourself, but I am confident that he will give you the nod.”
“But what do you want me to actually do, Don?”
“Keep an eye on Cross, introduce him to contacts that we will provide, and try to get any info on what they are up to. Time is running out, Beta. We need to get as much as we can, before Mr. Chen returns from overseas. These people must be stopped. We can’t do this without you, Beta. We desperately need your help. A grateful nation will never know your name—” (Both of them broke into a laugh) “—but they all will sleep in peace, thanks to your contribution, as it should be.”
Don then played his card that he had held in reserve. He now knew Beta’s ‘profile’ by heart.
“Beta, I have never have been an emotional man. I have put my duty ahead of everything in my life—and boy, I have seen things you would not believe. But as I get older I realize that I have let my loved ones down—”
(FW, in fact, had no loved ones, and despised his family and knew the feeling was mutual.)
“Beta, you remind me so much—so much of my own daughter. She… well, she died many years ago in an automobile accident.”
(In reality, FW and his psychotic pill-popping wife were childless, thank Bog.)
This was FW’s final pitch, for the play to begin. It all hung on this, and it was all or nothing. No going back. This next move would determine if Beta was to be his. FW’s eyes were dry and his voice was level and firm.
“I know that you have no family, Beta, and although nobody could ever replace my darling little girl—” Only then did his voice break, and only slightly. “I want to tell you that there will always be a place for you, in our home, uh, at Thanksgiving dinner—Shoot, I’m no good at this sort of thing, just forget I said it.”
“Nonsense,” said Beta, who rose and gave him a peck on the cheek. “I am deeply honored, and accept. If you will have me…”
It did not occur to FW that the con-man could be conned, and that he had opened up Pandora’s box.

10: Frolics At The Grove

June 16
Agent 'Don White' took a break from his sessions with Beta and drove himself to the Grove, two hours north of San Francisco. FW didn’t like California, with its rolling fog and barren brown hills, so unlike the summer greenery of Virginia and the Beltway (Spook Land). FW thought that Frisco looked like a town in an old Popeye cartoon, rundown with chipped plaster, flaky paint and potholes. He hated the traffic, the hills, and the snotty fairies who always seemed to be drinking overrated overpriced white wine in snooty ethnic restaurants. The 'Left Coast'. Fruits and nuts. FW wanted to wrap up this Syznic business and get back to civilization.
Beta was now his, and she had potential. The best agents in place were akin to idiot savants, dedicated and focused on the goal. And although Beta was no idiot, she fit the profile to a tee. And FW’s role was to direct and refine her. He knew that some supervisors made use of their ‘protégés’ sexually, which in FW’s mind spoiled the relationship’s cohesiveness and effectiveness. Screwing the pooch. FW would never go there. Mentors had a burden of professional responsibility, and he prayed to Lucifer for strength to stay the course. Beta most likely would have to make use of her considerable charms on the ‘target’. FW felt it was regrettable, but necessary.
Beta wanted to see the Grove, but FW had to veto her request. There was no way he was going to let her get within a hundred miles of the Big G! Did he care? Beta didn’t mean anything to him, did she? As her ‘Mentor’ he wanted to protect his protégé. Why spoil a good thing?
On the passenger seat was the attaché case with the full report on the case status of the target operation, put together by FW’s group in Frisco. FW's budget was limited, and he didn’t have enough manpower for this ever-expanding op. Boffin Syznic was a sly and canny operator, with vast unlimited resources. It was so unfair—and FW knew that Gog would be sympathetic, but would reject his request for more funding until they had a little more meat to chew on. The bureaucracy was slow to move, and times were tight.
FW left the main highway at the little resort town of Sebastopol, and turned west on the Russian River Highway. He had to consult his GPS a few times, and actually overshot the unmarked western entrance to the Grove, forcing himself to circle back, cursing. A mile or so up the narrow and winding road, he came to the first checkpoint. FW’s body, car and briefcase were scanned thoroughly, before he was allowed to proceed onward into the redwoods. The second checkpoint was a parking lot where he had to leave his car, and continue on foot. He surrendered his keys to a guard with a white helmet who issued him a badge with a number for his car. The guard directed him up to a hut manned by two more white hardhats.
FW presented his credentials, prearranged with the great Gog.
“Welcome to the Grove, Mr. White.” 

Entering the redwoods proper, FW proceeded on the path as instructed until he reached a fork where he was directed by a mechanical owl to stay on the left. A rustic wooden sign read: WESTERN MEADOW. He was on track. He saw the clearing coming up through the trees. A few people were moving about, here and there. To his dismay and annoyance, he heard the unmistakable whiney voice of Grampa himself, better known as Senator Wilbur Prescott. Curses! He was somewhere up ahead. FW girded himself and moved out into the clearing. Oh shit, there he was!
The Senator was stark naked, pushing a walker across the grass. He was trying to catch up with a tall man with shoulder length blond hair who was wearing some sort of butler or bellboy’s coat. That was all HE was wearing. The guy looked a lot like Fabio, the male model, and he was walking fast, just out of the Senator’s reach. The old coot was bellowing something when he tumbled and went down with the walker on top of him. 'Fabio' turned around to assist the Senator, and FW saw that the man had a radio and a holstered pistol on a belt right above his butt.
It was that kind of place, the Mystic Grove.
Fabio looked at FW, and nodded. “100 yards down the path, sir.”
He gestured with his radio down the path, and FW obliged. Right before he rounded a bend in the path, he glanced back to see that Fabio was speaking into his radio. The Senator was on his knees in front of him, with his back to FW.
(Sweet Creeping Judas!)
FW hurried on. Finally, at a picnic area just ahead sat the Big G, Gog himself. The Great One was also naked, reclining on a bench. A shapely negress was kneeling in front of him, and FW dryly thought that at least Gog liked girls.
(Oh well, let’s get this over with.)
Gog waved him over, and whispered something to the woman, who rose and turned around to peer at FW. She was wearing a French maid’s mini outfit, with nothing else, of course. She had a knock-out figure, creamy brown skin and short kinky dark hair. She was also holding a radio and FW had no doubt that somewhere under that naughty little outfit was a Ruger or a small Smith and Wesson. She helped Gog to his feet, and FW saw that the Great Gog was nothing to write home about. FW averted his eyes while the woman assisted Gog with a large beach towel that covered his considerable girth.
(What a relief, thank Satan!)
“Set yourself down and rest your dogs, son!” Gog was in his seventies, about the same age as FW’s dad. He was completely bald, and resembled a wrinkled oversized baby. He gestured to the picnic table.
“How about a drink?”
“Do you have a Coke?”
The nearly naked French maid brought him a Pepsi from a Styrofoam cooler.
“Cocoa, go ahead and check the perimeter. We’ll be fine here.”
Cocoa reached into a fold of her outfit and pulled out a pair of panties which she slipped on, before moving out into the trees. Gog winked at FW, as if to say: Love those perks, courtesy of the good old USA!
“Let’s get down to business, son, and see what you’ve got.”
FW unlocked the handcuff and opened the attaché case. He handed Gog a manila folder, and placed a stack of large photographs on the table.
“This, sir, is a summary of our status report.” FW pointed at the folder. “Hopefully this will be helpful, while I present my subjective analysis of where we stand at the present, based on current, ongoing developments.”
Gog nodded, and opened the folder, marked Operation Indigo 15.
FW: We will start with Exhibit 1, David Cross.
GOG: Nice looking young fellow.
FW: Cross is a lawyer involved with various radical and libertarian causes. Quite a reputation. No criminal record. Fifteenth candidate, ah, selected for the Indigo Project.
GOG: Yes, one of the ‘Indigo Children’. How was he, um, initiated?
FW: Emergency ear surgery, sir. It was a near thing, but one of our surgeons was available.
GOG: Thank Bog! 
Piltdown recounted the events of the last two weeks, beginning with Jennifer Morgan's intercepted phone call with Boffin Syznic. 
GOG: Jackpot! 
FW: So we initiated surveillance, activated Cross, and bingo, this is one time when the profilers actually got it right! Not only did Cross find his way into Morgan's, ahem, knickers, but he's landed himself a front-row seat as the new attorney for the Table Foundation. 
GOG: (scanning page 1 of the memo) Indeed… so what is all this folderol about this Third Eye Patch? That is what they are calling this gizmo, correct?
FW: That is correct, sir. The Third Eye Patch.
FW briefed Gog about the Table Foundation and its various members, but the discussion always went back to Boffin Syznic and what he was up to. In addition to this Third Eye business, there were rumors that Syznic was deeply involved with the so-called ‘OtherNet’. Like many others (including the President), the Great Gog didn’t take the OtherNet seriously. “A hippie dream fueled by marijuana smoke.” In his arrogance, Gog was dismissive of concerns from more than a few analysts. It didn’t seem likely to him that anyone could pull it off. Even if you were a trillionaire, you could not build a grid out of thin air, and certainly could not co-opt the present infrastructure without the full support and cooperation from the Government. After all, it was the Government (and not frigging Al Gore), that had built the Internet, and it was the Government that managed it.
GOG: And WE manage the government.
F. Walker Piltdown however, wasn’t so sure. The Big G was from an older generation that could not comprehend the infinite possibilities of the cyber universe. But he was not going to argue that point with the Great Gog, the Science and Technology adviser to the last six Presidents of the United States.
FW: We have reason to believe that this so-called Guru, whose real name I can’t pronounce, may be in contact with Syznic.
GOG: I do recall this Guru’s case file. This Welshman is hiding out somewhere, causing mischief, and our good friends at the Mackeyville Corporation are a little concerned… and more than a little paranoid. There has been some bad blood and unpleasantness… let's send the word out to everybody to ease up on the harassment, and maybe we can bring this Guru fellow to ground. I myself will inform Peter Derringer at Mackeyville to send out a peace offering, and extend the olive branch—and then we can squash all of this foolishness.
FW: Yes, sir. As for the OtherNet itself, we still haven’t found any evidence of anything that grandiose—yet. Which brings us back to Boffin Syznic. Syznic Industries is sown up tighter than a… well, we are finding it difficult to get anyone in there. As for the Table Foundation, Syznic has sunk millions into the thing. Some of the things they are discussing are pretty far out.
GOG: Such as this Third Eye Patch.
FW: Yes, sir. The rumors are that… well, they claim that it will arrest nicotine and other addictions, calm compulsive and self-destructive behavior, and maybe even equalize bi-polar and schizophrenic anomalies—
GOG: And increase the size of your ding-a-ling?
(—You wish! thought FW.)
FW: I know it sounds way out there, but some of our brainiacs say that it is theoretically possible—without drugs, surgery, or behavior modifications.
GOG: Anything is theoretically possible, but is this thing practically applicable?
FW: Our experts are split on the issue, sir. Professor Popov from MIT says negative, not unless or until a new technology is realized. However, researchers at Perry Pharmaceuticals believe that in light of recent advances in nano-technology… well, Fister Perry is very concerned, sir.
GOG: Understandably. Something like this could put him out of business! Sweet Satan, something like this could put us ALL out of business!
FW: We do know that Perry already has his own spooks listening in on the Table Foundation.
GOG: (nodding) Fister Perry is a psychotic hypochondriac with delusions of grandeur, greatness, and pretensions to phony blueblood aristocracy! For a man who never even graduated from college (let alone an ivy league one), he really believes that he is top dog on the Pyramid, but as far as I am concerned, he is nothing but a royal pain in the arse and a nuisance… but he is ‘The Man’. (Gog chuckles.) Just ignore his spooks and operatives, unless they get in your way. We will let Mr. Perry pretend that he is in charge, if that will keep the peace! As for Boffin Syznic, continue the surveillance. Some of our ‘customers’ would be very interested if even a fraction of this stuff pans out. Besides this Cross character, who is the weakest link in this outfit?
FW: Exhibit 2: Jennifer Morgan, Table Foundation Chairwoman—oops, I mean Chairperson!
GOG: I like!
FW: She might be a dead end, sir. I’m not yet sure if she is in on the inner details of this thing. She fell into our web, our sting, just perfectly, but her bed-talk with Cross has revealed absolutely nothing of value, at least for our purposes.
GOG: So lovely, so lively! May I keep this photo, son?
FW: Of course, sir.
FW explained that the arrival of Michael Chen upon the scene instigated a lot of activity, although his role in all of this was quite unclear. That brought up Beta Bronski, and FW proceeded with caution, describing Chen and Bronski’s recent traumatic and messy breakup.
FW: I believe that Bronski can prove to be more effective than one of our own operatives who has no emotional skin in the game, sir.
GOG: Let me guess the scenario… because of her extreme guilt, she feels she must ‘save’ Mr. Chen, from… let me guess… terrorists, is it?
FW: Yes sir. Bronski has been briefed that Boffin Syznic and his Foundation are a front for domestic cyber-terrorists. Mike Chen is in danger, and completely in over his head… this is a delicate matter of ‘National Security’… this has worked well for us in the past, and it does fit her profile, and her desire to make things right. But there is more to this. I believe that Bronski is a natural, and has great potential. She is responding well to the conditioning, and I would like to send her on to Quantico.
GOG: May I keep this picture also? Such raven hair and exquisite skin! You have taken an interest in this young woman, son?
FW: Only professionally sir. I must admit that she is very attractive, but I am over fifty, and happily married.
GOG rolled his eyes at FW’s joke.
FW: Anyway, I would hate to spoil a such a promising prospect, sir.
Gog looked long and hard at FW, who did not flinch under his scrutiny. Gog then lowered his eyes from FW’s and contemplated the photograph of Beta Bronski. A full minute went by, as blue jays made a racket in the trees. FW saw that Gog had closed his eyes, and seemed to be chanting a mantra. FW held his breath.
Finally, Gog raised his head and smiled at FW, who felt in his guts that he had just passed some sort of test, and he inwardly sighed in relief.
GOG: Thank you, son. You are a good man and have come far. I trust your motives and instincts. Continue with the operation, and keep me on top of things.
The Big G looked back and forth at the photos of Beta Bronski and Jennifer Morgan.
GOG: (wistfully) I wish I was younger, too.
FW: Sir—
GOG: If you are requesting more funding, the answer is no. We are stretched out thin as we can go. Get me some info I can show my masters and maybe something can be done. A thought comes to mind. The Consortium of Corporations that are among our customers have vast resources at hand, and—
FW: That’s where Bronski can come in handy, sir.
GOG: My very thought! Just so we can wet our beaks. I think we can conclude this meeting, son.
FW: Yes, sir.
“Cocoa,” said Gog, in a normal tone of voice. Without missing a beat, the nearly naked French maid stepped into the clearing from the cover of the trees.
“Cocoa, can you fire up the barbecue and burn these, please?”
Cocoa took everything but the two photos that Gog held in his hand, and started the fire. As the stack of papers began to burn merrily in the pit, Gog rose up and walked around the table to put his arm around FW. As he did so, his towel slipped off to the ground, and FW felt a wave of disgust, although he concealed it.
“Greetings to your father from the Master and me. Go with the Master’s blessings.”
“Thank you, sir.”
Cocoa handed FW his empty briefcase and handcuff. Her eyes were empty windows. “Go now, sir,” she hissed quietly.
FW turned and left right away. When he reached the bend he looked back and saw that Cocoa was down on her knees again, while the Great One lay back in ecstasy, holding up both photos close to his face.
FW almost made it across the big meadow to the trees, when suddenly Grampa appeared out of nowhere and came hobbling up the path, walker and all.
“Phillips!’ he shouted at FW, “I just knew you didn’t go down in Nicaragua! Those lying sons of bitches!”
FW was relieved that the old goat didn’t recognize him.
“You always understood, Phillips. It’s a thankless job that needs to be done. For the ‘greater good’. After all the lies and slander, someday our efforts, our sacrifices, will be recognized!”
Fabio came out of the trees; he had his pants on now.
“Senator, it’s time for a rest.”
Senator Prescott squinted at FW. “You know what I’m talking about. You always knew, Phillips.”
Fabio gently but firmly turned the Senator around.
“Have a good day, sir,” he said to FW.

11: Oz

June 17, 11:00 AM, The Syznic Manor Bunker, Danville, CA

Guru Abbryggdd, by way of Fishguard, Wales.
Mimi Syznic, from Dumbo, that’s in Brooklyn City, New York.
Remington Peterson, also from New York City.
Boffin Syznic, resident of Oz. 
“Please be seated, everybody. Welcome, Guru, to my lair. Before we go any further, I must tell you this right up front: Syznic Industries and the Table Foundation are now verifiably under FBI surveillance.”
“Welcome to the club, Syznic. Think of it as a badge of honor.”
“Badge? I don’t have to show you any stinkin’ badges! (Laughter) OK, although I believe the Third Eye Patch is the impetus of the Government’s newly found interest in my activities, I fear that the OtherNet is, or will be, under their radar as well.”
“Oh, they are very suspicious of the OtherNet, Sir Syznic, very suspicious indeed. Fortunately for us, enough of them still think it’s all a bunch of bloody pie in the sky nonsense. Who are we to tell them any different?”
“They won’t even know what hit them!”
“Keep talking, Syznic, I like it, I like it! It’s all so deliciously—criminal!”
“As they say, Guru, may we all live in interesting times… OK, let’s get down to business: What do you have for us?”
“Well, first let me say that the stats you sent, put us over the top. I’m amazed at the similarities of the two technologies, and the delivery algorithms.”
“Right! The Patch and the OtherNet are components that will feed each other, ala Von Neumann; and who would have known? Mike Chen’s arrival, and this brilliant idea of his has saved us at least a whole year off this thing, and after much thought and evaluation, I have decided to admit him into our ‘Politburo’, if nobody has any objections?”
“None from me! I trust your judgment, O Supreme Leader!”
“If I was your ‘Supreme Leader’ I could have you shot, you know.”
“As a lot of people say around here: Hardcore! OK, mates, I worked on these all week. I have brilliantly dubbed them YakDrives. If the Enemy doesn’t get their hands on one of these, we can communicate freely, within reason, mind you, for short periods of time. They will be able to detect but not decode encrypted activity. If they try, they will be directed to a porn site.”
(Pause for laughter)
“Never forget that no phone, no matter what, can ever be trusted. I don’t care what your techs tell you.”
“Excuse me everybody, but we have refreshments and special entertainment, outside by the oak tree in ten minutes.”
“Delightful, Mrs. Syznic! Oh, one last thing, everybody. None of these gadgets, can leave the country, for obvious reasons. That also goes for the older prototypes you handed out to your mates. Once they are in the air, so to speak, they will have to fly above radar, but here is what we have set up: Yew Lube dotcom. It’s a pretender to DoBoob, with music videos and stuff, but it’s a front: When your travelers access the site, well, watch… type in a memorized code here—see the grazing yak? Thanks to my magical mojo, you can piggy up to the nearest com-sat available—any one of them will likely do—and presto: YakMail! Encrypted, of course, but as I said, keep the messages short and sweet, and it should be all right, mates. I’ll provide the codes… Yew Lube is in fact, a temporary precursor to the OtherNet, and will be discarded, as soon as our rolling servers get a chance to expand and link together, region to region. It then can revert back to being primarily a music video site.”
“Bravo, my Limey friend! Can we get this done before you leave today?”
“I’m a Welshman, not a friggin’ Limey. And yes, I’ve got the codes on the flash drives. Oh, one more thing. When the Yew Lube logo is green, your intrepid travelers will know that ‘all is well’. Orange and up to Red means watch your arse and get home as soon as possible. If the Yak is missing from his field of flowers, that means danger danger danger get out now! That will be up to you, Sir Boffin. I’ll provide you the password access.”
“How about you, Rem? Does any of this fly with you?”
“I like it, but I’m just a lowly private detective, and all of this technical stuff is giving me a headache. I will need to talk to you about security matters before I leave today.”
“OK, Rem, we will work on those details after lunch.”
“Something sure smells good, upstairs!” 
“Oh Bog, I do remember food, oh the food, once upon a time. Go for it, and don’t mind me! Well, Mr. Guru, the time has come to talk of many things…”
“Of shoes… and ships… and sealing wax?”
“Not to mention cabbages and kings… and patents and copyrights, my friend…”
(Pause)
“Yes Mimi, do we have a winner?”
“I think so. I’ve managed to come up with the figurative cost analysis and have the itinerary pretty well worked out. There is just one little bug but within a day or two I think we will have the entire travel arrangements for Steve and Mike’s expedition.”
“What’s the bug?”
“It seems there’s no reliable transportation direct from Bishkek to Kyzyl. It’s 1,700 miles. NO real mapped roads as far as I can see, but you know the way these former communist states are, with their shitty road maps. Steve and Mike may have to go it four-wheel drive, for a good part of the way.”
“Maybe they can skip Bishkek and fly in direct from Tashkent. Let’s don’t forget our ringer. Let's get in touch with Rex Andromedas. I’m sure we can fix this… money’s no problem, there’s always a way.”
“I'll give him a call… I wish I was going along, Boffin.”
“Those lucky sods! We never go anywhere, these days!”
(Pause)
“Well, Boff, everybody’s gone. Guru hitched a ride with one of the crews. The cement is drying nicely— it’s a warm and beautiful evening outside.”
“It’s nice and cool down here… OK, I’ve authorized Rem to forward the Guru another million in various accounts, untraceable, of course. Don’t give me that look! He deserves every penny.”
“Did I say anything? Chump change, considering that we’re in well over, um, $100 million now, if you can believe it, Boff.”
“I do. That leaves us only—well, you tell me, Mimi Dinky.”
“In cash or assets? Close to four or five hundred million in liquid assets, and maybe two point two billion in overall holdings.”
“My Gawd!”
“Finance meeting coming up, Papa.”
“Right, Table Foundation business, all for the hidden microphones.”
“Are you still sitting this one out?”
“Yeah. Tell Jenny to give everybody what they want. Inform them that I’m under the weather.”
“Are you?”
“Naw, just a little fatigue.”
“My gosh, just look at the time! Feeding tube and hydration time, and bed!”
“Why do you stay with me?”
“For the money, of course.”
“Better get it while you can.”

//NASTYDRAGONFLYUNIT(WEST)DAYOFFICER/M.BOARD/SF:
Enhanced encrypted activity intercepted from Syznic Compound resulting in crippling pornographic malworms when decrypted. Mainframe NSTY Concord Data Farm DOWN; several PCs and laptops fried; please advise//NASTYDRAGONFLY OUT//ENDTRANSMISSION//

12: Estrella Steps Up

It was overcast and breezy at Land’s End. Estrella and Alex got out of the car first, so Mike could change into his wetsuit. It was more than a little tight and the girls couldn’t help but giggle when Mike emerged from the Subaru, but they stopped when they remembered that Mike was holding the ceramic urn that contained his father’s ashes. They solemnly made their way down to the deserted little beach, where without a word, Mike waded out into the surf. As he opened the urn and waited for a suitable wave, Estrella and Alex began to sing ‘Amazing Grace’. They sounded just like angels, and Mike was deeply moved. Then the perfect wave rolled up. Mike faced China, and leaped.

Snippets from Mike Chen’s Journal (Monday June 13 through Friday June 17)
(Editor’s Note: Some material has been edited)

I’ve started a journal. Boffin’s idea. In longhand. My hand already hurts! Random thoughts and observations. Let’s see how it goes.
I brought Estrella along to the finance meeting at Jenny’s headquarters, and Jenny hired her right on the spot. Estrella is now on the payroll! E could barely contain her tears, and promised to give her all for the Table Foundation. I’m so happy for her!
Steve and I received our budget, and we are flying out to Athens Friday night, after a farewell bash at Boffin’s place. Jenny reminded us that we are the entertainment, and gave us a song list to bone up on: Shake Your Money Maker; Fannie Mae; Big Boss Man; You Ain’t Woman Enough to Take My Man! Go, Jenny!
Well, that’s it for now.
I’m back. I took Estrella down to Van Ness St. and we bought her a used Subaru Legacy Hatchback, a few years newer than mine. E insisted on it; she likes my old heap. Hers is white, and mine is blue. Registration and insurance coming up (tomorrow?) We worked on the book for a while today. E says it’s coming along, but I’m dubious. What a headache! We also set up my old computer in Alex’ room. No internet, though. She’s only 11, and E says no way! I promised to load some games and fun stuff. Who do I call? Maybe Jade, if she has the time. Phone’s ringing—
I’m already packed, and it’s only Wednesday afternoon. I’ve learned over the years to travel light. Wonder how Steve is doing?
Syznic says we are going to miss the beginning of the circus, and wishes he could come along. Wait, message coming in—
Wonderful. Now Syznic ‘demands’ that I write a detailed essay on the Nous, and my thoughts about it all. What have I got myself into? He insists that E can’t help me and has already told her that ‘Mike has to do this himself’! Curse him, he’s turning into a dictator! But he’s right, I’ve had it easy for a long time. More later.
I’m still sketching the Sphere. Shank says that it’s somewhat similar to his ‘Music of the Spheres’ but it’s not. I’m still groping with it. It’s not the ‘Over-mind’, and it’s not the ‘Cosmic Soup’. I keep thinking POTENTIALITY. Boffin’s thing, Lori’s thing, Steve’s thing, Jennifer’s thing, my thing… with all the parts coming together without losing their apartness… I think now that Teilhard de Chardin was mistaken because none of this can be wrapped up in a nice little bow. Everybody wants an explanation.
Beta is slowly receding in my mind. I only have a few pictures of her for some reason. I didn’t take her unhappiness seriously, and I wonder now what I could have done. E says that nobody lives up to their rhetoric. That’s an accurate description of me since that first fraudulent lecture, so long ago. What’s different now? Maybe I have a chance to make up for letting Beta down. I want to be redeemed in her eyes. Not very cosmic, is it? Bye-bye, Beta.
I dreamt about the blonde woman again. Her face is still hidden, but I can see her scars. I must have seen her somewhere—I can’t get her out of my mind.
Thoughts on that night at Duck’s. Shank says that I was the catalyst that inspired everyone to make a ‘quantum leap’, and I told him not to overdo it. It would have happened sooner or later. Shank has informed me that he has a ‘surprise’ for me once we arrive in Athens. Oh boy, I can’t wait— pause for laughter—my hand hurts like hell, that’s all for tonight.
Thursday June 16? Jenny has just e-mailed us all to remind us (again) that the party ‘gig’ is a ‘public rehearsal’. Video shoot. Media launch. 200 ‘family and friends’ are expected. That reminds me, be right back—OK, I’m back. E is honking outside, she wants to drive. There’s something I have to do, and E asked if she could come. I said yes. E has been a great help to me and OK I’m out of here. This is it. I can’t think of anything to add. Over and out for now.
(Editor’s Note: At this point a page was torn out of the journal and we can only speculate on what Mike decided to censor.)

June 16
Estrella was late for her appointment at Mike’s, due to traffic. Mike was busy organizing some notes when she phoned from the supermarket.
“Mike, I’m on my way out of the Glen Park Super, and I’ll see you in five minutes. Turn on the kettle.”
The kettle was whistling when Estrella swept through the front door with the groceries, out of breath.
“Whoosh! Bad scene on the Bay Bridge.”
She dropped the bags onto the table and made a beeline for the bathroom. Mike snickered and poked around through the groceries. Tree Frog Tea, grapes, almonds, and cheese. Another bag had four cheeseburgers, a bottle of Guinness, and a bottle of Bud.
“That’s for me!”
Mike dug right in, as Estrella filled him in on the latest gossip, between sips of steaming tea.
“I just love Jenny’s hideout! Alex and Jade are staying overnight, along with Lori Dryer. ‘Girl’s night’. I’m sure they pulled out the junk food and sodas as soon as I was safely gone. Alex is in heaven. She loves Jenny and the girls.”
Mike took a healthy swig of his Guinness. “Alex is a great kid, Strella. Not to worry, she’s in good hands, although I’ll wager that Jenny is probably drinking something a little stronger than soda, right about now!”
“I’m not too worried, with Dr. Lori there!”
“For sure, I really like Lori.—What do say, Strella? Maybe we should get to work on this backload, before it gets too late.”
“Right.” 
Mike and Estrella settled themselves on the living room sofa, and began to organize notes and numbered files, stacked on the coffee table.
“Tedious,” muttered Mike, after a while. “This is too much like work.”
“It’s moving along… Wow, party day tomorrow, and your flight out to Athens.”
“Unreal! I still can’t believe any of this!”
Estrella suddenly smiled mysteriously, and scooted a tad closer to Mike on the sofa. She placed her hand, oh so gently, on his knee.
“Mike…”
“Hmm?”
Mike suddenly belched loudly, and Estrella swiftly removed her hand. Mike gagged and placed his own hands over his mouth as he went into a coughing fit. Estrella whacked him on the back, and he abruptly swallowed, and then took a few deep breaths.
 “You OK, Mike?”
“Whoa… something went down the wrong windpipe…”
Estrella smiled sadly; the spell was broken.
“I thought that maybe I was going to have to use the Heimlich Maneuver on you for a moment there!”
“Thanks so much, Strella, oh wow, I’m fine now… you know what? This beer is really knocking me out, and most of this—”
Mike pointed to the stacks of papers and folders on the table.
“Most of this can wait until Steve and I get back. You are right, we have done pretty good so far. Actually, there is one thing you can do for me, and there’s no big rush.”
Mike opened his journal and carefully tore out a page.
“Can you clean this up, and type it out? Thoughts on The Nous. Maybe you can shoehorn this in somewhere.”
Estrella put on her reading glasses, and read quietly for a moment.
“This is really good, Mike. I wish you would expand on this.”
“I will, Estrella. I’ll be sending you ‘reports from the field’. Steve assures me that there will be a lot of down-time, for sure. Well, this has been real fun, but I’m out of gas. Time for a shower and then some sack time.”
“Right. Is your Avocado still on? I would like to use it for a few minutes before I let myself out.”
Mike rose from the couch, and stretched.
“Go for it, Strella, and thanks for everything.”
“No, thank YOU, Mike. You go get some sleep, big event tomorrow.”
When Mike was upstairs a few minutes, Estrella tiptoed up the stairs, and listened for the shower. It started, and she went back down, and rushed right out the door. She hurried over to her house next door, and took a quick shower herself. After toweling herself off she applied a touch of perfume. She smiled at herself in the mirror and recited:
“It is not for us to reason why / it is for us to do… or die?”
She shrugged, wrapped herself in a blanket, and scampered back over to Mike’s house, a whole fifteen feet away.

Mike let the journal slip through his fingers, and it tumbled to the floor. He was in the zone when he smelled the perfume and sensed he wasn’t alone. Oh Bog, Estrella’s body was warm and her damp hair tickled his nose as she placed her index finger gently over his lips.
“Shhhsh! Relax, and hear me out.”
Mike’s legs were captives between Estrella’s, and not in a mood to protest. Estrella’s smiling lips were barely touching his own.
“We’ve been dancing around this all week long—tell the truth, now. Why don’t we get this out of the way, because we’re not getting any younger, and time’s a wasting.”
“Estrella, I—”
“No strings, no obligations. We don’t get many chances like this, and since we are both at loose ends, I figured why shouldn’t we make good use of each other—unless you are all booked up! Let’s be greedy and excellent with each other.”
Estrella slithered across Mike’s trembling body, and lit a candle on his nightstand.
“Relax, Mike, we have all night.”
“Listen Strella, I don’t—”
Estrella reached down, probed, and gave his quickening penis a friendly squeeze.
“Look’s like you are outvoted, Mike.”
Mike opened his mouth, and closed it.
(Blow me down with a silly-putty sandbag, I am an idiot.)
Mike threw his head back on the pillow and laughed until tears ran down his face.
“That’s a good one, Strella.”
They laughed together, until all was quiet again. There was nothing left to say. Estrella held her breath and positioned herself.
“Thank God,” she whispered, as she removed her silver crucifix and chain, and placed it on the night stand.

The candle had long burned away, and the room was dark and still. Estrella’s fingers lazily caressed Mike’s lower belly.
“You awake?”
“I am now, Strella.”
“So lovely, you and me… isn’t this grand? We don’t even have to court each other! This can be so perfect… why not?”
“Look at us, Strella! Two weeks ago we were just two broke hustlers… and now we’re both on the Table’s payroll, thanks to Jenny.”
“Oh my God, I still can’t believe it… I was so broke, and just about ready to send Alex back to her father for the summer. I’m so relieved… did I tell you that Alex just loves Jennifer?”
Mike chuckled. “Jennifer Morgan is a real firecracker.”
“Jenny says I would look ten years younger if I cut my hair. Maybe I should, why not?”
“Jenny told you that?”
Estrella’s glorious mane of gold-brown hair fell halfway down her back.
“Don’t worry, I’ll leave it hanging… to my shoulders. She’s right, I look too much like an old hippie lady.”
Mike and Estrella laughed together.
“Mike… you don’t think that I look old, do you?”
“Um, no comment.”
“Life is funny… you remember Dee, don’t you?”
“Yup.” D. Klein, Estrella’s ex-husband, who lit out to Seattle in the wake of their messy divorce.
“One fine day, me and Alex popped in at his office unannounced, and we caught him red-handed, boffing his secretary, an old friend of mine, by the way. I left Alex with some friends, and went right out to a bar and picked up Suki, just to show him… I brought her home, and Dee freaked out and took a hike—only to discover that his bimbo had quit and left him high and dry! Boy, what a mess… the judge ruled for Dee, by the way… do you think that I’m a bad person?”
“Hmmn, let me think for a moment… that’s a tough one. —No, I don’t think you are a bad person, but I do think you are a pretty good lay.”
“That’s a relief! It’s been a while, you know, since the divorce…”
“What about Suki?”
“Gals don’t count, not the same way guys do, at least for me, and besides, you horndogs don’t require batteries…”
“Strella!” Mike burst into laughter, and almost gagged on his windpipe yet again, but Estrella thumped him on his back, freeing his air passage. Mike lay back on his pillow, tears in his eyes. “Thanks again, Strella!”
“Goodness! Anyway, I think I’m off girls, at least for the immediate future… but I must confess that I do have a roving eye—mercy, mercy, you ARE ready for another round, aren’t you?”
“Hell yes! The condemned prisoner’s last night of bliss—”
Estrella’s lips found Mike’s own, and she rolled over onto her back, pulling him down on top of her.

13: Rem In The Wee Hours

June 17
Rem Peterson wheeled his 1968 Camaro into the carport next to the Syznic garage and walked around to the guest house out back. His boot heels on the gravel were the only sounds that disturbed the warm still night. He unlocked the front door of the bungalow, and stepped inside.
It was Friday morning, 2:00 AM. He had been up for two days, but had a little more work to do before he could hit the sack for a few hours. Today was party day at the Syznic compound.
As he drank a cup of microwave instant coffee, he turned on the television with the volume at medium level. After dimming the lights, he made sure that the doors were locked. Satisfied, he made his way to the bedroom and stepped directly into the closet, shutting the door behind him. Behind an assortment of coats was a professionally placed ‘priest hole’ that opened to a long sloping tunnel that led deep into the hillside. Dim lights powered by solar panel batteries on the outside illuminated his way. The tunnel led to a secret back entrance to the ‘Room of Isolation’.
Events were rapidly enfolding in the outside world, and the chess pieces were in motion. Constant improvisation was necessary in the day-by-day strategy of Rem and Boffin’s chess piece ‘war’. This war was fought with wits, wills, and downright cageyness—not to mention a little help from the funding and gadgets of Syznic Technologies.
Boffin Syznic and Rem Peterson were both admirers of The Art of War, which in fact was a methodology of how to avoid violence. Rem despised warfare and the assholes that loved it. Most of them were chicken hawks that had never experienced it firsthand. Not so for Rem, and Skip Haggerty, his man over at Jenny’s headquarters. Skip saved Rem’s life once, back in Viet Nam, and Rem made damn sure that Skip would stay on the payroll, as long as he lived. They never discussed it, but Rem knew that Skip would likewise do the same for him.
As Rem prepared his report for Boffin, he reflected on the outstanding merits and character of his current crew and senior operatives. Bailey (BJ) Jamison, Rem’s top detective, was an Iraq War vet, and a security and firearms expert. Axelrod Jones was an ex SFPD sergeant, a good man, who decided to go freelance. Rem’s buddy Rex, Boffin’s personal pilot, had also seen a thing or two, having flown a few missions in more than one undeclared ‘police action’ for Uncle Sam.
All good people, with a shared mission: Boffin and Mimi Syznic were visionaries who needed protection from their numerous enemies in the Corporate and Government Sectors. Make no mistake about it, this was a war, in every sense of the word. Rem Peterson, the war hater, had learned over the years to always be one step ahead of these evil enemies of freedom in this never-ending conflict of minds and wills.
As Rem sat at Boffin’s game console, he organized his handwritten notes, and some data from one of Guru’s thumb drives. Some of this information was too sensitive even for Guru’s ‘secure’ encryption program, in Rem’s humble opinion. It was not that he mistrusted Guru’s abilities and gadgets in particular, but Rem Peterson did not trust anything or anyone, not even Boffin Syznic, completely on blind faith. He didn’t even trust himself sometimes! Rem chuckled to himself, as he typed at the keyboard.
It was after 4:00 AM when he printed up his report for the boss. He kicked off his boots and flopped onto the sofa. He hoped to get two hours of uninterrupted sleep, and was snoring within seconds.

Rem awoke with a start. Boffin Syznic was sitting quietly in his wheelchair by the table with the game console. He was reading the report, and he looked up at Rem the way people do when they don’t want to take off their reading glasses.
“You are slipping, Remington. I could have cut your throat, one hour ago.”
Rem looked at his watch and groaned. It was 7:40 AM. He swung his feet around and stood shakily.
“I’m getting too old for this shit,” he mumbled as he grabbed his boots and put them on while standing up, a little off balance.
“This report is quite detailed. Great job, Rem. I’ve read it twice, and I want to go over it one more time with you, if you don’t mind.”
Boffin pointed over to a thermos on the table, along with paper cups.
“Mimi made you some coffee, even though I can’t partake! Black Moroccan, from the Atlas Mountains.”
“Doesn’t anybody drink real coffee around here?”
“Pull up a rock, old man.”
“Yes, boss man.”

The intelligence puzzle was finally coming together at a fast clip. Rem had a few men in sensitive places and there was always a lull before information could be compiled and analyzed. Such was the reality of the detective/intelligence business. Some of Rem’s contacts had to cover their asses before they shared any info, for obvious reasons. By divine providence, or really good luck, one of Rem’s sources was an upper level spook in the San Francisco office of the FBI, and he had hit the jackpot. And what he had to say was a whole shitload. NASTY was in town!
“Well, we were all wrong about PerryPharm, Rem.”
“Right, well only partially. The Feds ARE spying on us for their own purposes, independent of their partners in the private sector. Old Man Perry is definitely running his own operation, without a doubt, but this is NASTY’S show.”
The National Agency of Science and Technology was by far the most dangerous and unaccountable agency in the United States Government. The FBI, CIA, NSA. etc, were all subservient to this shadowy group. Their head was an unelected punk of long standing, known to insiders as GOG, the HEAD, or the Big G. He was the worst kind of punk: the bureaucratic political insider punk. He was old and fat now, a pervert who wielded far too much power and controlled vast resources. He answered only to the President—most of the time. To call him a killer would be an understatement. He was also the senior member of the Sacred Grove, up there on the Russian River.
Gog’s point man was a rising star out of Alexandria, Virginia, by the name of F. Walker Piltdown, FW for short. Totally ruthless, with considerable talents of charisma and persuasion, FW had learned a lot since the days when his cover had been blown at MIT. He was more than capable, and was a true Darwinian reptilian survivor—and like many evil geniuses, he was emotionally challenged, ethically crippled, and morally absent.
Boffin interrupted Rem at this point: “I remember him. He was supposed to be from NASA, and he was paying us to debug various problems on weather satellites. It was all compartmentalized, until one of us discovered who he was, and what it was all about: Harmonic Weapons Technology. I didn’t blow the whistle, but I would have. One day he just disappeared, probably back to DC with his tail between his legs…”
“Right, and his career took a hit. He has a long memory. My source is on his team, on loan from the FBI, and he calls Piltdown a ‘suspended adolescent’, and crazier than a loon.”
So FW Piltdown was in town, ramping up the investigation into Syznic Industries and the Table Foundation, with confirmed surveillance on the whole bunch, including bugs in Jenny’s headquarters, which had Skippy boiling mad.
“All of our online computers and phones are being monitored, as you know. I’m not sure about Mike and Estrella’s houses and cars, got to check on that—”
Rem took a sip of Boffin’s sweet coffee and grimaced, which earned a chuckle from Boffin.
“Go on, Rem.”
“We need to talk about David Cross, and some new developments—”
Boffin nodded, and held up Rem’s printout. “You mean Mike Chen’s ex, Beta Bronski.”
“Yes indeed, boss. Beta Bronski, thirty years old, San Francisco native. Raised in foster homes; ran away a few times. Arrested for cocaine possession when she was twenty. Charges dropped. Spent the next eight years in a hardcore drug and alcohol haze. Clean and sober for the last two or three years. Paralegal, supposedly studying for the Bar. Never married. Met Mike Chen a year ago, and walked out on him, two weeks ago. Fell off the wagon, and was fired from her clerking job. Busted for cocaine possession by the SFPD. Which brings us up to date. Enter FW Piltdown, and Indigo Child David Cross, soon to be Beta Bronski’s very own Indigo Child… this whole thing is just getting weirder and weirder.”
“My head hurts, Remington.”
Not much was known about the Indigo Project and the Indigo Children, as of yet. The intel was coming in piecemeal at great risk from Rem’s informant. It was rumored that there were more than a dozen Indigo Children. ‘Candidates’ were chosen from people undergoing surgery, mostly suspected ‘subversives’ with radical or libertarian bent. Undetectable implants were placed in the inner ear—transceivers of advanced nano-technology.
“Technology based in part from your own patents, Boff.”
“The nerve of them! And I ain’t seen a dime from the bastards!”
Boffin continued to read from the printout. “You still believe that Dave is completely unaware of all of this?”
“Hell, I don’t really know what to think, to tell you the truth. My contact believes that at least some of the Indigo Children do turn, and cooperate under severe duress… Our man is digging for more data, as we speak. He says that Cross was briefly detained recently, for some drugs that weren't actually his, but a client's. Look, it's possible that they are blackmailing Cross, but my contact doesn’t think Dave knows anything about the listening device. You’ve heard of the term Sleeper Agents. Well, Cross is what they call a ‘Zombie Agent’.”
“Zombie Agent?”
“This is how it works, boss. Cross goes in for emergency ear surgery. The implant was inserted, the operation was a success, and Cross has made a full recovery. All in less than two weeks. Cross is now an asset, having been successfully recruited! Add Jenny Morgan to the mix, and bingo!”
“Loose lips sink ships,” Boffin muttered.
“It's all so perfect, boss. Look at Jenny's dope bust. Even the arresting officers knew that it was bullshit.” 
“And so David Cross rides in to the rescue on his white stallion!”
“Indeed. And after sweeping Jenny off her feet, they ride off together into the sunset!”
“And Cross lands a gig in the Table Foundation, just like that!”
Boffin felt a wave of paranoia in his gut, and didn’t like it.
“Look, I just want to know if Dave is in on this thing, or the Feds just damn lucky? The timing of all of this bullshit is just too much of a coincidence!”
“Easy, boss, easy! My contact just doesn’t know—yet. Look, being a skilled and charismatic lawyer of distinction, and not to mention a notorious reputation, Cross DOES have many contacts and acquaintances in the DEA and the Justice Department—shit, they all patronize the same watering holes, for Christ’s sake. Incestuous! Who knows? I feel really sorry about Jenny, but this can be a break for us… we can feed him misinformation, and really screw up their works.”
“What a mess… damn it all, anyway.”
Rem nodded. Everybody cared for Jenny, and her well-being was essential for the project to succeed. (And Jesus help the one who messed with Jenny-girl, if Skippy ever got wind of it!)
Rem continued on the subject of David Cross, and Beta Bronski.
“This is where I tell myself that just when I think I’ve seen it all, I get hit in the face with a whipped cream pie smothered in hot sauce. You just can’t make this stuff up… Cross is to be handled by an agent in place, and it appears to be this Beta Bronski, ex-flame of Third Eye honcho and blues harmonica virtuoso, Mike Chen.”
“How convenient… the Big Wheel is spinning, Rem.”
“Not to mention my head! Enter Beta Bronski. My man tells me that she may as well been lobotomized by this FW character, but she has responded well to a crash course of advanced training. The word is that she is all ready to go and will be placed in Cross’s office, possibly by Monday.”
“You are so right, Rem—you can’t make this stuff up, and we shouldn’t waste any more brain cells trying to figure any of this stuff out! We need to stay in focus. Mike doesn’t need to know any of this crap for the time being. Let him go with Steve. He will find out soon enough, damn it all. I hate all this cloak and dagger and soap opera shit.”
Rem cleared his throat. “There is one more thing.”
Boffin grinned. “There always is.”
“Skippy detected a high frequency bug across the road from Jenny’s headquarters, up on a pole. My informant says it’s not one of theirs. I disabled it with an EMP from Jenny’s roof.”
“Corporate bug, no doubt. PerryPharm, perhaps, or maybe even from one of our Asian competitors—”
“The word sure gets around.”
“Such is our world of today,” said Boffin. “Sharks and barracudas! I will have Mimi brief Jenny and the others on the real perils of corporate espionage. Loose lips DO sink ships! The vampires are circling, and not all of them are working together, and that fact can be used to our advantage.”
Boffin wheeled his chair around. 
“Let’s get some breakfast into you, Rem.”
Rem looked at his watch. “I’ll sneak a bite, after I brief my crew. They should be waiting for me outside.”
“Hell,” said Boffin, “bring ‘em all in for breakfast. Call them in—”
And so they did.

14: Party Day

Syznic Manor sits on 100 acres in the hills south of Danville. Mt. Diablo dominates the eastern side; a county road borders on the west. The house sits about a quarter mile from the road; the garage and main entryway face the west. Most of the windows, living room and bedroom, face the mountain. The upper floor was demolished some time back to create a vaulted cathedral effect in the main rooms downstairs. Beautiful stained glass windows, designed by Mimi Syznic, capture the morning sunlight, while high, slanted windows diffuse the brutal summer heat on the western side. A carport separates the main house from a smaller guest house on the north side. A giant array of solar panels sits on a rise fifty or so yards from the house, also on the north side. Directly south of the house is the pool, and the newly constructed party pavilion, with a large oak tree in the center, complete with tree house. One acre has been plowed and smoothed over as a parking area. 10 comfortable porta-potties have been placed about the area. A bandstand has been constructed, facing the pavilion.

Estrella honked the horn as Mike hurried down the steps with his luggage.
“All right, I’m coming!”
Mike tossed in his overnight bag, and struggled with his two suitcases. He slammed the hatch down, and slid into the shotgun seat.
“Somebody forgot to set the alarm and overslept.”
“It takes two, Mike.”
“Touché. We already sound like an old married couple.”
“You have no idea,” replied Estrella, as she put the car in gear, rolled down the hill and made straight for the O’Shaunessey shortcut.
“I’ve never raped anyone before.”
That broke the tension, and Mike threw his head back and laughed, almost to tears.
“Damn it, Strella! You ARE trying to give me a rupture, aren’t you?”
Mike suddenly realized that Estrella was everything that Beta was not—Estrella had humor and joy in her heart, and she made him laugh.
“Any regrets, Mike?”
Estrella smiled, her eyes on the road.
“Not if you are OK,” said Mike lamely, and immediately regretted it. Mike and Estrella had spent a lovely, fantastic night together, and he was still trying to sort it all out.
“Mike, I’m more than OK. Can’t a gal ever get horny? It was the right thing to do, and I’m glad we did. I think we make a great pair, if you don’t mind me saying so. Let’s enjoy each other, while we can! We’re lucky, Mike. We can stay friends. No baggage. No head trips.”
Estrella reached over and gave Mike’s knee a squeeze, as she broke into song: “We are the champions, my friend—”
The shadow of Beta was slowly receding from Mike’s heart, thanks in part to Estrella’s soothing, healing optimism, and her earthy, randy sense of humor.
“I do care for you, Estrella. Just watch it with those one-liners!”
It was Estrella’s turn to laugh. Her husky voice was music to his ears, and a tonic for his confused soul. Estrella glided up to 280. “Here we go.”
“Into the wild blue yonder!”
Estrella laughed again, as the downtown skyline and the Bay Bridge came into view.

It took more than an hour to reach Syznic Manor, where the party was in full swing. Estrella had to park in the makeshift parking lot down by the road, but Rem’s kids were waiting for them. A girl rolled up in an electric golf cart.
“Mike, Estrella? Hi! I’m BJ, Syznic Security Nanny. Hop on in.”

The weather gods smiled for the day. The temperature peaked at 91 degrees, and white puffy clouds slowly drifted by, briefly hiding the sun and leaving streaming shadows rolling over the hills and fields. Hired musicians played polkas and eastern European gypsy music. Kids got their faces painted. Every once in a while the calliope let off an earsplitting shriek of steam. A few people had to be fished out of the pool.
Mike and Estrella spotted Jennifer Morgan, who was surrounded by a gaggle of friends and admirers. Jenny looked spectacular in a long red gown, sunglasses, and sandals. Mike took Jenny aside, and whispered in her ear.
“Damn it, Jen, you sure are getting all the boys hot and bothered!”
“Including you, Mike? Ooh-wee, just you wait and see my other outfit, when we go up on stage!”
“Mercy!”
Estrella elbowed Mike, and pointed over to the bandstand. 
“Check out Dave!”
David Cross, clad in a billowing silk swashbuckler’s shirt, made the rounds, pressing the flesh, slapping five, and greeting many friends and acquaintances.
“What a dreamboat! I’m so jealous of Jenny!”
“Earth to Strella, get a grip and maintain control!”
“Look, there’s Alex!” Estrella excused herself, and made her way over to where Alex and Jade were fooling around with some clowns, over by the calliope.
“The girls were up all night, watching Inuyasha,” chuckled Jenny.
Mike sadly watched David interacting with the scene, and tried to keep his mind in neutral. It was just too bad, not only for Jenny, but for David, also. Jenny’s face beamed with pride and excitement, as she gazed out at her dashing, handsome boyfriend, and Mike inwardly sighed with melancholy.
Mimi Syznic caught Mike and Jenny’s attention, and waved them over to a platform where a local TV news crew was setting up.
“Well, here goes nothing,” Jen muttered to Mike, under her breath.
“Hello, everybody!”
Jennifer briefed the reporters on what she called ‘Everything’s On the Table’.
“What is this Third Eye Patch that everybody is talking about?” asked a female reporter with a shoulder cam.
“The Third Eye Patch is just an idea put on the table by Mike Chen. One of many ideas, and we are inviting the public to join the conversation. How about you?” she smiled, pointing her finger at the various media types. “Ever think about helping us turn this thing around? Everybody is invited.”
Not bad, Jen, thought Mike, remembering the Boffin’s advice to keep up the ‘peace and love’ and ‘pie in the sky’.
“We all need to reset,” said Jenny, “and get back to our origins, with an eye on the future, to make a difference in the present—”
That was enough for Mike. He knew it was all part of the misinformation plan, but he could only take so much, so he made a quick exit and headed over to a food line, where they were serving chili. He found a seat under the oak tree, and watched the fun as he washed down his chili with a cold beer. A couple of Sheriff deputies strolled by with paper plates piled high with food. A girl in a yellow Syznic Tech t-shirt led a crying little boy over to the Children’s Tent. Life is good, Mike thought to himself.
Boffin Syznic caught Mike’s attention, and rolled over to him.
“What do you think, Mike?”
Mike raised his beer bottle in salute. “This must have cost a fortune!”
Boffin leaned over and whispered in Mike’s ear: “$100,000, maybe a little more.”
“Christ on a crutch, Boffin!”
The Boffin smiled. “Don’t blaspheme, Mike.”
“Jenny says that you are leaving the band.”
“You heard right. The band is going through some changes, and I’m not going to be up there with you today, cluttering up the sound. By the way, Mimi has been practicing, and today is her debut on the electric bass. She’s a little nervous, but should be OK.”
As Boffin rolled away in his wheelchair, Mike palmed the note that Boffin had deftly placed in his hand. Here we go again! He finished his beer, and rose to look for the nearest Porto-San.
Once inside, Mike read from the scrap of paper:
Your presence is requested for final briefing, you know where, after the festivities, which are scheduled to conclude at sundown.
OK, fearless leader. Mike shredded the paper and flushed.

Rem Peterson signaled two of his security crew, and they followed him into the cordoned-off garage, where he fished a few beers out of a cooler.
“How about a time-out? I don’t expect any real trouble from this bunch today.”
Axelrod Jones took a beer; Bailey (BJ) Jamison did not. Both of them were wearing yellow security t-shirts, mirrored shades, and radios on their belts. BJ happened to be the girl in the golf cart that met Mike and Estrella, down by the road. BJ fished around the cooler, and opened a Coke.
“OK, Axelrod,” said Rem, “Show me your mojo. Have you spotted any of our party crashers yet?”
“Yeah, boss. Two spooks from the FBI are strolling around, pretending they are civilians. I forgot how really dumb G-men are, real amateurs. I also spotted a phony hippie talking into her love beads, over there by the tree house. She’s too uptight to be a Deadhead—she’s definitely another Fed for sure, probably from the Bureau, or maybe the DHS.”
“How about you, BJ?”
“One of the TV cameramen is definitely from PerryPharm. I distinctly recall him from our database, although I can’t remember his name at the moment. I am assuming that the female reporter is also from PerryPharm, so I suspect that their satellite van has a few interesting gadgets inside, if you know what I mean. As you know, the Sheriff is here, and a few off-duty cops I happen to know. There is also a guy here named Positron, yes, that’s his name, and he’s from MacroEye, and says so! Anyway, he’s walking around, taking pictures. I actually met him once, oh, four or five years ago, before I came up here from San Jose. I flagged him down and said hello. Imagine his surprise at seeing me, although he did recover from his shock, and was quite cool about it!”
“It’s a small world,” said Rem, with a grin. “Good work, both of you.”

The afternoon shadows were lengthening, and it was time for the main event.
“OK, this crowd is getting ugly,” Shank joked to the others as they huddled together on the stage. “Don’t worry, Mimi, Alfonso will keep you low in the mix.”
Shank indicated the mixing board, over on the side.
“Just enjoy and be yourselves, everybody.”
Jenny had changed into a dazzling scarlet mini dress, and Lori Dryer, clad in a white summer dress, black keds, and shades, sat herself down behind her drum set, earning wolf whistles from the gathering.
“Oh bleeding Bog,” muttered Shank to David, who had been delegated to play cowbell and shakers. “How are we supposed to compete with these chicks?”
Mike and Jenny scanned their cheat sheet together.
“Public rehearsal, Jen?”
“Don’t you know it? Brings back old times, Michael.”
“Speak of the Devil!” said Mike, gesturing at the large man working his way through the crowd. Mr. Duck stepped up onto the stage, looking like a biker Santa Claus.
“You all ready?”
Shank nodded. “It is a good day to die.”
“ALL RIGHT!”
Duck’s big voice boomed around the compound.
“THE FINEST BAND IN ALL THE LAND—”
The Duck paused for effect.
“COULDN’T MAKE IT TODAY!”
(Pause for laughter and a few good-natured boos)
“SO INSTEAD, FOR YOUR LISTENING PLEASURE, PLANNED OBSOLESCENCE!”
Lori rolled a rim-shot. The party crowd was ready to go.
Mike started things off with the harmonica intro to ‘Fannie Mae’, and Shank, Lori and the others kicked into gear. A good time was had by all, in the afternoon sunshine.
Today, the emphasis was on blues, and Mike and Jenny delivered the goods, much like the old days when they were starving students singing for their supper at Duck’s old place, when he was still in Berkeley. Shank hung back and played a few solos, but (like the night at Duck’s) he mostly deferred to Mike, who blew everybody away with his wailing and honking solos. Jenny bumped, grinded, and dazzled everybody in her shimmering mini dress, while she served up a little B-3 organ on a few blues instrumentals. She took center stage and sang ‘Big Boss Man’ for Boffin, and ‘Shake Your Money Maker’ for Mike.
During a lull because of a PA problem, Mike delivered some standup to fill up some ‘dead air’.
“Jenny has finally done it—fire extinguishers to the stage.”
Lori rolled another rim-shot.
“Hey folks, Boffin and a duck went into a bar.”
(Confused laughter from the audience.)
“They sit down at the bar, see, and the bartender comes over and says: Hey, we don’t serve your kind in here.” (pause for laughter) “So the Boffin picks up the duck and turns to leave, and the bartender says: LEAVE THE DUCK.”
(Scattered applause, boos, and another rim-shot.) Mike tapped the microphone loudly.
“Is this thing on? OK, they tell me we are ready.”
Next up was another Ron ‘Pigpen’ McKernan number, ‘The Rub’. Mimi began to relax, and the bass began to sound pretty good. Mike was happy to see a lot of people dancing, including a bunch of children right up in front of the stage. One little boy gyrated spastically, and a little girl swirled around and around like a spaced out Deadhead. Alex Klein amused the crowd with a pretty good Russian Cossack dance routine, as clowns and jugglers performed all around the pavilion. Jade Shank moved through the crowd with a hand-held camera and caught it all, including Alex and the dancing children. Over behind the mixing console, Boffin Syznic sat and held hands with Estrella Klein, both of them laughing and applauding as they observed the festivities.
During Mike’s last solo, Mimi and Lori found their connection, and they all took it home, with Mimi dropping the big one on the last note—and the bomb reverberated over the hills and back again, and they all stopped on a dime, to enthusiastic applause.
“See you in September, everybody!” Jenny cried, shielding her eyes against the setting sun. Mike waved, and stepped down and went in search of a beer. He couldn’t find any, and found out why—they had rolled the booze away during the last half-hour.
“Right on,” he muttered. The Duck was back on the stage, and announced in his booming voice, “OK, everyone, there’s coffee for everyone. Chill out and have a cup or two. Let’s be safe out there on the roads, folks!”

Jenny, David, and Lori all made their farewells, and headed back to civilization. Shank had already packed his Telecaster, and left the load-out to Boffin’s crew.
“See you inside,” he said to Mike, and went inside. Mike sat out on the front steps with a cold beer, and savored the warm evening. There was one more thing he had to do before he went inside for the final briefing.
Estrella drove up to the front door, and Mike stepped down to retrieve his luggage. Leaning into the passenger side window, Mike kissed Alex on her forehead.
“Mind your ma, kid.” 
“Bye, Uncle Mike,” Alex yawned.
Estrella stood by the car, looking uneasy, with her eyes fixed on her feet. “Mike…”
“Shut up, Strella.” Mike pulled her close and kissed her for all he was worth. Alex giggled, earning a wink from Mike. Alex clapped her hands and hoorayed. Estrella blushed, and for once was speechless.
“Now don’t forget, girls, we can chat nearly every day, by way of that newfangled YakMail!”
Estella wiped a stray tear from her cheek with an embarrassed little grin as she started the car, and without further ado she drove off down the sloping driveway into the night. Mike audibly sighed as he deposited his bags on the front porch. Shank was waiting for him in the wine celler, and together they made their way down to the bunker where Boffin awaited to give them his farewell briefing.

Boffin greeted Mike and Shank when they entered the bunker. Remington Peterson rose to shake Mike’s hand. “Good to see you again, Mike.”
“Likewise, Mr. Peterson.”
Boffin gestured for everybody to take a seat.
“Quite a day, gentlemen. I think everyone had a great time.”
“We missed you up there,” said Shank.
Boffin waved that aside. “No you didn’t. Great show—although Mimi is quite relieved that it’s all over!”
“Mimi did just fine,” said Shank.
“Do make sure you tell her that! Well, business calls. I’m afraid you have to surrender your gadgets for safekeeping, as agreed.”
Mike and Shank handed over the flash drives.
Rem tossed a couple of plastic baggies across the table.
“Passports, visas, and credit cards, all up to date, and approved by Mimi.”
“Good news,” added Boffin, “My pilot Rex will be free to ferry you from Istanbul to Tuva, and chances are that he might also be available to hang with you for the duration, if his schedule permits. He’s the best in the business, right, Shankers?”
“Boffin, you don’t know how that makes me feel.”
“Let's review the 'mission', shall we? First things first. Dr. Lori has already begun preliminary testing on a hopelessly addicted chain-smoking guinea pig, otherwise known as Jennifer Morgan! Lori's objective is to isolate and reproduce the 'calming effect' that Jenny experiences every time she lights one up and receives that blast of craven dopamine satisfaction! The 'Calming Algorithm' as Lori calls it.”
Boffin held up an odd-looking device that resembled a sun-visor, only smaller and completely transparent, and ringed with numerous tiny sensors that blinked faintly. 
“This little gadget monitors the frontal lobes of the user, and takes Brainshots, as we call them, at selected micro-frequencies. These Brainshots are beamed by wireless to several databases, including Lori's computer. The compliled data can also be retrieved from the device itself. Jenny has actually agreed to wear this contraption for the next week! She is absolutely forbidden, on pains of certain death, to sneak a cigarette at any time, unless her Brainshot cap is firmly in place. She also has to keep a log and record the exact time of day she lights one up. If she slips up, she will face the wrath of Lori and Mimi! We shall see! All of this folderoll is to establish a working model of Jenny's 'calming algorithm'. Once isolated and replicated, this algorithm will be converted into a gentle pulse that will integrate and synchronize with Jenny's personal bio-rhythms. Jenny is in fact, our very first 'Patchling'!”
“Why am I not surprised,” Shank muttered with a grin.
“These tests with Jenny are preliminary, of course. The up-and-coming tests will incorporate as many test subjects as possible so that a more representative sample can be selected for the Patch's finalized algorithm. These tests will be boring, meticulous, tedious, time-consuming—did I mention BORING? I estimate that we will have at least four to six weeks of down-time on our hands—and that's where you two fine fellows come into the picture, because one last element needs to be incorporated into the final mix, the most important one.”
Mike looked at Shank, who nodded back at him.
“The Search for the Lost Chord,” said Mike.
“Right! Now after thoroughly reviewing Lori's models, Mimi and I have concluded that a distinct, programmed, musical melody that synchronizes with the finalized calming algorithm will be chosen as the loop for the final application. Lori insists that we are in fact, looking for a lullaby.”
Boffin suddenly shifted into fluid French: “Roche un bébé bye, sur la cime des arbres!” 
Shank broke into a laugh. “Show-off!” 
“OK, Steve, I know that you have a slightly different take on all of this, with your Music of the Spheres, but after much thought and contemplation, Mimi and I have decided to run with Lori's melody theory—although you have been right all along, regarding the mathematical properties of the tonalities themselves. Now get this, Shank. Mimi and I have spent a lot of time on this, and  we have discovered that synthetic digital-generated sound-wave reproductions just won't make the grade. We compiled more than a terabyte of digital-generated combinations—we are talking of millions of combinations here—and we ran them all through the cruncher. None of them measured up. We even fried Mimi's Avocado console—toast! Which means that we need to go out and search for the source ourselves.”
Mike nodded earnestly. “I think I comprehend about one quarter of what you just said, Boffin, but I get the gist, I think! You are saying that we need to record live, right from the source, in real time.”
“Correct! This application requires a pristine, live, analog sound-wave as the primary source material—and that's MY department! These microphones and recorders that my engineers have assembled for your use, are the finest and most advanced to date, in my humble opinion. With these tools, I am confident that the 'Search for the Lost Chord' will bear fruit, and provide us what we need! Mike, it is no accident that these regions that you have selected, along with Steve's, have long established traditions as ancient cultural crossroads along the east/west march of civilization itself: The Great Migrations from Cathay, by way of Mongolia and the heartland of Central Asia, and west along the old Silk Road, all the way to Persia, Egypt, the Levant, and the sea-faring traders that traversed the Aegean Sea!”
“Boffin, you should have been a teacher!”
“Ahem! I think not, Mike ― I never would have made tenure! Let's recap things, as they stand at the moment: Mimi's computer models are absolute and conclusive: Lori's final algorithm MUST be programmed as a musical melody or the application just won't work. Isn't that ironic? This is where I tend to get a bit mystical on the subject. I believe—as you do, Steve—that music IS the key, not only to our place in the Universe, but the very Universe itself. Those singing strings of Ancient Hellas! Pythagoras of old understood this very well, so we shall pick up where he left off… before the blinders of Modern Reductionism slammed the door on ancient truths and wisdom… we have forgotten so very much… are you still with me, Mike?”
Mike immediately thought of the Nous. “All the way, Boffin!” 
“Good enough! Look, somewhere out there is the primal lullaby of Humankind, which is the real key to the Third Eye Patch—and our enemies and competitors must never get wind of what we are actually searching for! Let me tell you something: Our adversaries will publicly scoff and ridicule all of this, but deep down, the bastards know the truth, and quake with fear! This Patch must never see the light of day! The War has begun, and you two fine fellows have been drafted to be the first foot soldiers to charge out of the trenches! And if and when the time comes, the official cover story for the Media will be that best-selling author Mike Chen and musicologist Steve Shank have teamed up together to compile indigenous music for a soundtrack, commissioned by the Table Foundation! Not a bad gig, don't you think? Meanwhile, here, back at home, we will spin the fairy dust, and try to buy the project time, before the bastards make their next move.—Does anyone have any questions?”
Mike nodded. “Yes I do. Thanks for the recap, although most of that technical stuff is way beyond me, so I will take your word for it! As for our cover story, don't worry, my lips are sealed, and I have no problem playing dumb! All the same, I don’t like flying blind. How much do the others really know?” Mike gestured at the room around him. “Look, I haven’t said a word, and I won’t, but Jenny seemed to be in on the misinformation game today, with those television crews… does she know anything else about, you know…”
The Boffin cleared his throat. “You mean the United Spooks of America? No, not yet. Nothing has changed since the last time you and me talked down here.”
Mike turned to look at Shank, who nodded knowingly. “Mum's the word, Chen.”
“OK, Boffin,” said Mike. “What DOES Jenny know?”
“Mimi has already briefed Jenny and Lori about the corporate spying, which is no laughing matter. Jen knows that game all too well. That’s all they need to know for now, at least until the smoke clears. You have heard of the term ‘need to know’? It’s true… too many chefs only step on each other, and mess up the banquet! Please understand that I am doing this for their own protection. I want to protect mine own. Am I a sexist pig? You will have to ask that one to Mimi.”
Everybody laughed, as Boffin rolled around to shake their hands.
“Before you go, I need to tell you something. I have never shared this little ditty with anyone for some reason, not even Mimi. Let's go back, way back… a year or two before I met Mimi at MIT, I took a year off and sailed about the Southern Hemisphere. I was marooned for a spell in Perth, where I tended bar, washed dishes, and played lousy honky-tonk piano in a seaside dive, while I waited for a berth on a freighter to transport me on to Sri Lanka. In that rundown brothel, I met an old hunter who told me many fascinating stories, in exchange for beer and a meal or two, under the table. Sometimes I let him sweep out the place and crash out behind the bar, while the girls dressed up in their Sunday best and trooped off to church on Sunday mornings! Oh the memories… although to this day I still can't remember that old aborigine’s name! But I do remember his stories, especially the ones about 'The Dreaming'. 
“One night he told me that those of us who reside in the 'awake-time' uptight material world have forgotten the Great Dreaming song that has no words: The First Song, he called it, although it was also known as The Star Song, or The Baby's Song. I then asked him if he would hum me a few bars of that particular tune, and he replied (with a chuckle) that the song was lost when it was swallowed up whole by a jealous and evil tortoise, who then fled to a cave in the far-off northern mountains. There she laid a silver-blue crystal egg, which she buried for safe-keeping near the center of the earth. The tortoise then returned to the desert, where she died from thirst, indigestion, and old age. After many years, her shell filled up with water and became the ocean. To this very day, that crystal remains buried near the center of the Earth. After all these years, I have never forgotten that old aborigine and his story, which I believe to be an ancient, primal truth—at least the bit about that song without words, and that long-lost  melody…”
As usual, Boffin paused for dramatic effect.
“You are embarking on a great adventure. I know that sounds corny, but I wish I could come with you. Good hunting! I am confident that you will find my elusive crystal treasure and bring it safely back home with you!” 

15: Henderson Ranch Meltdown

Sunday Morning, Crow Valley Road, Danville CA
V drove F. Walker Piltdown up to Henderson Ranch, one mile down the road from Syznic Manor. The ‘ranch’ had been leased at great expense from a character known as Old Man Henderson. There was no water, electricity, or structures on the site, where FW set up a listening post consisting of a trailer, generator, and a satellite dish, on the ridge overlooking the Syznic compound. The set-up was disguised as a cell phone tower. V pulled up to the trailer in a cloud of dust whipped up from the car’s tires. Both men covered their faces and dashed into the trailer, where a nerdy-looking spook sat in front of an array of monitors.
“What have you got for us, Mom?”
Mother Board put out his cigarette, and indicated the monitors.
“We managed to plant two hi-def cameras with high frequency listening capability, during the party.” He pointed to the monitor. “This shot is from the oak tree—I don’t know how they managed that. Cam 2 is in the flower bed near the garage complex. The one from the tree has a better overall view, and the one from the flower bed has the better audio.”
“Good, very good. So what’s happening?”
“As you can see, there is some sort of activity. They seem to be testing some sort of solar panel… see that cylinder? That appears to be a very large capacitor.”
A group of Syznic techs tinkered with various connections and cables.
“Yes, yes. And that—” FW indicated a table to the side, “—is an array of 12 volt batteries. Right, a series, as they say in the trade.”
As Boffin Syznic rolled out of the garage with a few technicians, FW clenched his teeth and hissed faintly: “Yes, yes, yes…”
“Yes, it definitely looks like they’re running a test,” said Mother, who absently scratched his goatee.
“OK, here we go!” shouted Syznic.
“Good sound quality,” V noted.
Syznic and the techs all donned dark safety glasses, and Mother suddenly yelled: “Hey, wait a minute—”
“What?” said FW, “Do you—”
“GO!” yelled one of the techs.

Even with dark glasses on, the flash of the arc was brilliant. Boffin thought it looked beautiful. All the cell phones and laptops from Boffin and his crew were safe in a lead-lined box back in the bunker. He was taking no chances.
“You sure this didn’t fry up any of my neighbors?” he said to Rem, standing next to him.
“Who knows?” said Rem. “I hope those goons up on the hill are OK.”
Back at the spook trailer, FW had a fit, to put it mildly. $60,000 of gear kaput. V went outside to have a smoke, and to suppress a belly laugh.


Book 4 Expedition 

16: Samos

June 19
Memo Mike Chen to Boffin and Mimi Syznic
Hail Boffin and Mimi! Shankers and I arrived here in Athens just fine. After an afternoon checking out the Acropolis, and an evening of carousing out in Omonia Square, we are doing just fine, as you can imagine! The people here are very friendly, and directed us to some very excellent, albeit intense, cafes where we recorded a lot of rollicking music! Next up is Samos, gem of the Aegean. We are going by way of the ferry, overnight. Maybe take 12 hours, but that’s OK.
Samos! Pythagoras lived there long ago, and Shank says he has a few theories about the origins of the local rebetika music. People here can’t quite put a handle on where it all came from. Some say Turkey. We are headed there, after Macedonia (where some claim the tika comes from as well!), and then we’ll move on into Central Asia. I see us taking maybe three weeks (?) to do this right. We have plenty of spare battery packs and two separate chargers for the audio/video-wave-recorder, and although I'm learning fast, Shank will handle the audio recordings themselves, along with most of the field logs. I am assuming the role of Assistant Engineer and still photographer, although Shank tells me that I have the steadiest hand on the vid-cam! I will primarily stick to subjective analysis, and chronicle our activities. Shank assures me that I was chosen for this expedition because of my obvious brilliance and insight, along with my considerable talents of observation and recall, natch! I did bring along a few notepads, but will most likely just be logging in the laptop.
Like I say, the people are so friendly here, and they’ve all obliged to get us blind drunk as much as possible, which is why Shank is still sleeping it off. Our hotel is something else again, and because of all the friends we made last night, I’m not worried about any boring downtime just yet. They have great coffee here too—one reason why I’m up! Well, we just want you to know we are safe and sound on the ground, and will soon be out at sea. We will check in with you as soon as we get to Byzantium, by gum!

“There's nothing quite like the smell of diesel and roast chicken in the morning, Shank!” 
Mike and Shank arranged their bags in front of the Hotel Elysium. Hearing a rebel yell, they turned around to see a young man in khakis and soccer shirt perched precariously on the back of a wobbling moped, waving an Athens F.C. football club flag, and cheering:
“Kato Varkeloni! Thánatos sti Varkelóni!” (Down with Barcelona! Death to Barca!)
Mike chuckled as several older men on the sidewalk gave the kid a thumbs up and tipped their caps to him as he flew past. Distracted, Shank stumbled on a pothole, almost spilling his camera bag contents out into the stone pavement. Both of them were still a little buzzed and drunk from the night before, when they cruised the cafes and bistros for any 'authentic' traditional music to be had. Much of what they heard was quite rollicking and boisterous, and although Mike enjoyed himself, he was pretty sure it wasn't what they were looking for.
“I guess we really tied one on last night, eh?”
“I'll take your word for it, Chen, because I can't recall a bloody thing, after the third or fourth club! I assume that it was you that got me back to the hotel?”
“I must have, because here we are.”
“Has anybody ever told you that you are just brilliant?”
“Not since yesterday, Shankus.”
They hailed a passing cab and rode it down to the ferry offices at the Piraeus docks, about 15 kilometers southwest of Athens.
“Two tickets for Samos, leaving ASAP,” said Shank, at the window.
“I’m sorry sir, but the ferry to Samos is currently filled. We can get you to Kusadasi where you can catch the transfer ferry, which will reach Samos tomorrow afternoon.”
“Bloody hell. OK, I suppose we make that one then, eh, Chen?”
“What’s all so special about Samos, Shank? You’ve already told me about Pythagoras, but I also recall having read that he did his philosopher gig elsewhere, and that no one really knows where he was actually laid to rest, right?”
“Correct. Pythagoras split Samos when he was about 40, and it's highly unlikely that he ever returned, although the Samos Ministry of Tourism would have us think differently! But during his day, Samos was THE commercial and cultural hub of the Aegean, where lots of music from all points of the compass converged, and it's possible that the old philosopher formulated some of his theories before he said adios to the island… anyway, I believe that Samos should be a good symbolic starting place for our actual search. Besides, a good old schoolmate chum of mine has lived on Samos for, oh shite, more than 25 years now. He's known in these parts as Enrique De Sade, although he was born in Newcastle with the dreadful name of Colin Sedgewick. Let's just say that he made his bones in the, ahem, shipping business, and now he’s retired from the trade and enjoying the well-earned fruits of his labor. He calls himself the 'Unofficial Mayor of Samos and the official King of Anarchy', and keeps the finest hashish and the best wine cellar on Samos—or so he claims! Anyway, he is going to hook us up with some of the local musos, among other interesting characters. Some of the music on that island goes way back—speaking of which, why don't we catch that ferry to Kusadasi and from there we’ll make it to Samos.”

The green sea was so opalescent and clear that Mike could see the sandy bottom as the ferry cast off. He gripped the stern-rail tight as he watched foamy ripple-waves lap and splash the fins of flying fish and laughing dolphins, weaving back and forth behind the ferry in its slipstream.
“You know what they used to call Kusadasi, Mike?”
“No, Shankus.”
“Ephesus.”
“You mean like Saint Paul and the Epistle to the Ephesians?
“The very same. Once upon a time, t’was a gem of the Phoenician olive oil trade. Now old Py-thag, you might recall, founded a school for us musos in Croton, that’s in Italy, mind you.”
“Ah yes, I seem to remember something about that. Math and vegetables, and a full athletic get-out.”
 “Right! Of course, them ol’ Greeks was quite the pederasts, you know. A man needs a boy t’ bugger, and all that. But leave our so-called modern morality aside. You know, several of Py-thag’s butt-boys went on to meaner and beanier things. But there’s no evidence to actually assume that he wasn’t anything but a ladies man himself.”
“Such as?”
“Such as: He had a wife and daughters. Not much is known about any actual students, but of course you’ve heard of Plato—”
“Oh yes, good old Play-dough. Alas, poor Socrates: I owe a cock to Asclepius; will you remember to pay the debt?”
“Don’t be such a smartass. Anyway, the school was devoted to mathematics and the muses, and held them to be highly secret, and each gentleman and scholar swore a bloody oath of loyalty defend old Py-thag lest they be under no pains to die!”
“Pretty strong stuff, Shank. What could have made them so devoted, would you say?”
“Well in my own opinion it’s to do with the transmigration of the soul and how few of the real Greeks —just like today you have your ‘Real Americans’— well, they were put off by that. They were basically agnostic deists, or freaking Spartans. No mercy, the babes left on the rocks to die and all. Py-thag wanted to bring about a sensibility of spirit, of a hope or a faith in something else after. Grace in the human face. And for that, of course…”
“For that you get the hemlock.”
“Right-o. Only in Py-thag’s case it was the Breatharian route.”
“Breatharian…wait a minute, you mean like starvation?”
“Right, the Sunlight Diet. Seeing as all that exists per se must be an illusion and creation of no other purpose than divide us and confuse us away from the Inner Light, ol’ Py-thag took it on himself, like the Buddha, to starve himself into the next world. However, to be fair and balanced, there are other stories claiming that his enemies forcibly starved him, likewise. They say he’s buried in Metaponto, modern Lucca.”
“It’s all coming back to me! Perhaps we should be headed to Italy, rather than Greece?”
“Nay, son! We must look to the East, for that is where the Lost Chord shall be found!”
“Hardcore, Professor!”

Mike and Shank were met at the Samos docks by Shank’s old hash dealer pal, Enrique De Sade. He looked just as weird as his name. Shoe-polish slick black hair with a pimp’s pencil-thin mustache. Wrinkled white leisure suit. A long cigarette holder. 
Mike thought that De Sade looked like he had skipped the middle years of his prime, and had pole-vaulted from his late teens directly into his golden sunset years. Ouch! 
“25 years of hashish, heroin, and amphetamines can sometimes do that to a bloke,” Shank had briefed Mike earlier, “although to his credit, De Sade has managed to kick the skag and crank, or so he tells me.” 
It was all so strange and sad, because Enrique’s father had been some sort of Sir, or Lord Somebody, from a solid Tory family. 
I’ve heard that one before, Mike chuckled to himself.
Enrique De Sade approached them with his arms open wide.
“Senor Shank, and Senor Chen, I welcome you both on behalf of the people of Samos!”
(Senor?)
De Sade threw his arms around Shank and kissed both of his cheeks.

“I have the very best view on Samos,” bragged De Sade, as he wheeled his vintage 1939 Rolls Royce convertible along the winding and twisting road, high above the Samos docks and town proper. Ever higher and higher they climbed into the hills, until De Sade finally turned into the circular driveway of his stucco villa, which occupied the highest hilltop in the area. 
“Awesome,” Mike muttered to Shank, who nodded in agreement. The view, indeed, was truly magnificent. Out in front of the well-kept villa were a lot of parked cars and motorbikes, and a long-dry fountain, stained green from the sea air. Cupid and Aphrodite flanked the front entrance; both statues were chipped, battered, and pocked with bullet holes. A little poodle barked at them from the open doorway of the house, and ran to greet De Sade, who made a clicking sound between his teeth. The little dog leaped into his arms and yapped and licked his face, causing him to spit out his cigarette holder.
“My servants will assist you with your gear,” said De Sade, “once you have been refreshed. Come!”
A welcoming party was already underway. Outside on a wide terrace that overlooked the Aegean, a band (including several female vocalists) began to play. 
(Mike thought that they resembled old men on a faded sepia photograph.)
De Sade had a bunch of other people on hand, mostly locals and hangers-on, including a few painted ladies that Mike suspected were aging hookers. Everyone was feted with all the delicacies of Greek cuisine: roast lamb, pullets, heaps of grapes, salads full of unidentifiable wild greens, tomatoes, hunks of goat-cheese, jugs of wine, and of course, the ubiquitous ouzo and raki. At one of the tables, Enrique and one of the older women nursed a large, many-hosed narguileh. The air was redolent with the incense of the hashish, the aroma of roast lamb, the sharp mint of the picnic bouquet, and the fumes of dozens of cigarettes. Mike looked on in awe.
“These Greeks! They must have a cancer rate as high as the Chinese!”
Mike was fascinated by the musical instruments, and he shouted in Shank’s ear: “They’re so traditional, and yet these guys play so modern!”
The band played a lot of songs that were unfamiliar to Mike’s ears, and as a gesture to the Anglo and the Yank, they rolled out a few old chestnuts.
(Never on a Sunday, Lady of Spain, Theme from Mondo Cane, and The Girl from Ipanema!)
But the instruments! They made a racket unlike anything Mike had ever encountered. Some of the tunes reminded him of Irish reels and dirges, and others a little bit like Indian ragas. Other times, with the pumping of an accordion, and tinkling of the hammer-dulcimer, he could imagine a demented Cajun bayou party. Certainly these Greeks had the joie de vivre!
Meanwhile, Enrique set them both up with comely 'escorts' for the wee hours. These younger women were nice enough, and seemed indifferent when Shank and Mike began to set up their gear to record the band, who graciously gave them their permission. The girls just shrugged and drifted back to Enrique's makeshift bar, where they texted and played games on their pocket Monkberry gadgets.
An hour or so into the festivities, Mike took a break from all the frenzy and found himself sitting alone with one of De Sade's seasoned hookers, whom he guessed could have been fifty years old. She wore a gypsy shawl, and puffed on a skinny black cigarette. Her dark eyes appeared to be twice their actual size as they peered out at Mike from behind her ancient bottle-sized spectacles. Suddenly, without warning, the woman seized his hand firmly and began to read his palm. 
“You are on a quest,” she said in perfect, but accented English. Mike smiled politely, having been through the whole phony psychic scene, back in the States. It was good to know that frauds and hustlers were universal!
This gal however, caught his snarky thought, and slapped his hand with indignation.
“Mia tétoia alazonikí koutávi! (Such an arrogant puppy!) —But you ARE on a quest, my popkin, aren't you?”
“I've always wanted to see Samos.” 
“Who would not? But you will not find what you are looking for here.”
“Who says that I am looking for anything?”
“Everyone is looking for something. My father Pythagoras spent his whole life looking for that certain little… something.” 
“Your father?”
“Oh yes, that old fool was so obsessed near the end that he even forgot how to eat, let alone wipe his stools! Now that's a MAN for you!”
“Pythagoras? You mean like the BC, before Christ, like a very long time ago Pythagoras?”
“The very one. I could tell you stories—”
Fortunately, Shank was having a little difficulty with the video cam, and caught Mike's attention.
“A little help over here, Chen! No slacking on the job!”
Mike sighed in relief, and thanked the gypsy woman, who dismissed him with amused look on her face and a wave of her hand. Later on, he looked about for the mysterious woman, but did not see her among the lingering revelers, and figured that she went on home, wherever that was.
What a night! Everything was taped, and when the band was packing up, Enrique asked Mike if he would please, please, post some of it up on DoBoob.
“These poor guys, they want fame so bad!”
Mike told him that he better ask Shank. “I am really just his apprentice, and his errand boy! I wouldn't know how to post a video, to save my life!”
That was a fib of course, but everybody, including himself, was moderately drunk and stoned. A good time was had by all and Mike did enjoy the music, but was dubious that any of it would be useful to the project, let alone anybody tuning in to DoBoob. 
Mike and Shank took a pass when De Sade offered to put them up for the night, and opted instead for their hotel room down near the harbor, where they bid their bored escorts goodnight (or rather, good morning) in the pre-dawn gloom.
“I know, 'tis a very strange scene indeed, up there at De Sade's,” said Shank, as they prepared to flop out in the sanctuary of their hotel room. Mike's head was still reeling from all of the frenzy, not to mention the booze and De Sade's potent hashish.
“My Bog, Shankus! This De Sade character wants me to post some of that racket up on DoBoob. I mean, come on!”
“Enrique has lost his own date with fate, and he wants ‘fame’ so bad, Chen! Those Greek cats seem to be doing alright for themselves and could care less, just as long as the hat is full at the end of the evening. I know he’s only projecting his frustrations, on account of never having an ounce of talent…”
“You know, I did have a very interesting chat with Pythagoras' daughter, earlier in the evening…”
“So I gather. Did she tell you that her daddy was the very first to work out a theory applicable in three realms: Music, Mathematics, and Astronomy?”
“No, but she did read my palm and confidentially informed me, among other things, that her old man was in fact just an old senile fool…”
“Maybe she's just bitter because she was written out of Daddy's will! —Back to old Py-thag—you do know that Kepler based his research on Py-thag’s string theories and was able to extemporize them into one basic theory: Planetary orbits, Universal Harmony, and the Music of the Spheres! That's right, each planet has a distinct magnetic resonation, and even the material reductionists cannot deny that the radio vibrations from each planet’s magnetic field have definite musical tones… tones that are too in-sync to be merely random… the low end of the frequencies are so slow that you need to speed them up by factors of tens and hundreds, just for the human ear to hear them. And yet, there they hum: Boffin's singing strings of Hellas!”
“I still can’t believe what we are embarking on, Shank! The Nous, the Music of the Spheres and Boffin's fabled Lost Chord!”
“Goodnight, son.”
They mostly slept for much of the day. Later in the afternoon, Mike found Shank analyzing some of the audio files recorded at De Sade's and a few from Athens, also.
“Well, I think some of these might have some use. Some of this, the Dorian mode in particular, seems to me to be one of the main, primary units of musical meme encountered around the world. It seems like every ethnicity uses a drone somewhere in there, a commonality, a link to shared origins, and that ancient howling blues riff! That’s one thing I am finding, from Scotland to North Africa, and the Balkans to Karachi.”
Mike was awed by Shank’s musical scholarship.
“I am impressed, Shankus!”
“You know, some of the guys we heard last night were actually big stars in their day. You wouldn’t know it to look at them, would you? Look, here’s a book on Rebetika — see that guy there? That’s Naxos, the bouzouki player! And that woman there, she’s Rosa Ashkenazi. They both did time under the fascists and were blacklisted. That’s why we have never heard of them, of course.”
“How about our escorts, Shankus?”
“Ha! Everything with De Sade is right out of Central Casting, 1963! Phony Euro Noir! My little bird was nice enough I guess, and spoke perfect English with a bit of a Corsican accent, I believe…”
“Most of the gang up there at De Sade's are pretty fluent.”
“Right. Knowing Enrique, he would insist on it. How sophisticated, and so very Continental, even the hookers! After I told wot's-her-name that I wasn't terribly interested in pulling down her knickers, she told me that she is on summer break from the Sorbonne, and was turning a few tricks only so she could fly back to Paris! I countered that I recieved my Masters from the London School of Economics, but she was on to my con, wouldn't you know it, DMZ, and all of that rot! Anyway, she's definitely not my type.”
“My gal was really easy on the eyes, that's for sure,” replied Mike, with a grin. “She does remind me a little bit of, um, someone I know.”
Beta’s beautiful form filled his mind, and the finality of knowing that he would never hold or caress her again made him feel a bit melancholy. He wondered if yabyum was all they were really good at, because they damn well didn’t have much fun at anything else!
Then he remembered Estrella and her optimistic goodness and felt a wave of guilt, because he did think of Beta first, of course. 
(Man, I’m such an asshole!)
Mike suddenly wished that Strella could have come along, Alex too. But they were bound for some rough (and possibly dangerous) country, once they arrived in the steppes of Central Asia.
Shank’s voice startled him out of his ruminations.
“Mike, how about you taking up the guitar? It’s not such a hard thing to learn…”
“Tell me another, Shank.”
“OK, it does take a little time, but we’ve got plenty of it, right? Why not give it a go? Look, the band IS in a rut, and you have shown that you can breath new life into the floundering beast. What have you got to lose? Jenny can only play three piano chords, and she flunked ukulele!”
“What IS it about this band, Shank?”
“The band was originally cooked up by Mimi and Jenny to provide some extra therapy for Boffin, during his long recovery. It took him a very long time, and nothing seemed to interest him. Jenny thought that it would be most beneficial for Boffin’s self-esteem to actually go out and play and sing in public, mostly in front of drunks and pizza aficionados at Duck’s. Surprisingly, Jen was right on the money, and Boffin actually began to look forward to the gigs. Dr. Lori got wind of what they were up to, called me up, and the rest is history!”
“Oh, that Jenny…”
“Anyway, it did do Boffin a lot of good, and the band started to gel. But Boffin is slowing down these days, and knows his limitations. It was a good run for him, but let's face it, he IS paraplegic, preoccupied, and not much of a committed guitarist, or keyboardist, for that matter! After that episode at Duck’s, his doctor told him to cool it, so adios, Boffin!”
“What about Mimi?”
“Mimi says that she’s having way too much fun to quit! Let’s talk about you, Chen. You, my son, are a natural, and play a mean blues harp to boot. You also have a fine voice, long trained by public speaking. And even if you can’t hack the guitar, you are still a good front man to balance Jenny, not that I am besmirching her in any way, bless her vixen heart! Anyway, there are worse things to do with your time than to learn how to play the guitar.”
Shank unpacked a folding travel guitar out of his rolling suitcase.
“But, but—” stuttered Mike.
“I know, it freaks people out to see it. But this baby has been with me for years now, and comes in right handy. I just might bring it along to De Sade’s tonight. But come on, why don’t you have a go. Don’t worry, I’ll go nice and slow with you. Let me show you a few chords today and you can just work with them for a week or so, in your off time, whenever you feel like.”
Mike held the instrument in his arms. The way he held it caused Shank to laugh.
“No, no—I’ll show you. You hold it like this! That’s right, very good. I will get you started with a pick after you get a better feel for these first three chords, OK? Don’t worry…”
Shank drew up on a hotel napkin: G, C, D, and Mike spent an hour or so struggling with the little pictograms 
After sunset, it started all over again. Mike and Shank were provided new girls for the evening, once again courtesy of Enrique De Sade. Their names were Erika and Sofia. Mike's escort (blonde Erika) hailed from Germany, and wore a long slit skirt that displayed her 1940's silk stockings and garter belt to glorious effect. She clung to Mike's arm, and seemed very nervous whenever De Sade glanced in their direction. Brunette Sofia had less luck with Shank, however, because he brought his guitar along this evening, and got an immediate nod from the old Greek, Naxos. Two fretters can always recognize each other, Mike observed. The ensemble plowed through a lot of the same songs from the night before, but Shank managed to inject a little rock and blues edge into the mix, and everybody got into the swing of things. At one point during the revelries, Enrique got up and proposed a toast.
“To my great friend, Stephanos Orpheus Shank, who rules the airwaves!”
Mike and Erika hung in the corner and got it all on the cam.
Shouts of “Ópa!” and “Stin ygeiá sas!” filled the air. With the pungent smoke from laurel branches on the fire, and the irresistible smells of the fantastic food laid out before them, Mike felt a little woozy, but kept on shooting. Enrique climbed up on a table top and began to dance.
“Alla eisai akoma neos, alla o gaidaros einai evrosti kai ischyri!”
De Sade then repeated the line in English:
“But you are still young, and yet the donkey is robust and strong!”
Oh brother, Mike muttered, but he kept filming, because this was De Sade's big moment: his much hoped-for debut on DoBoob. 
The evening progressed merrily, and the wine and ouzo kept flowing. Enrique, Shank, Mike, and their escorts shared a narguileh, and plates and glasses were smashed! 
During a break, Erika took Mike aside and informed him that it would be perfectly OK if he would kiss her once and a while, at least for appearances sake.
“I am NOT devastated that you do not fancy me, but I do have my reputation to uphold here,” she hissed in his ear after looking nervously around her. “I desperately need this job, so please play along, just for my sake, no?”
Mike casually glanced over at De Sade's  table and dumbly realized that Enrique was staring at them pensively, as he fed table scraps to his nasty little poodle. 
“Is Enrique your pimp?”
“Du Narr! Just shut up and give me a kiss, um, that's nice—”
“No problem…”
“You are a wonderful kisser. —Come with me please, and I promise that I won't molest you!” 
“OK, darling,” Mike whispered with a grin, “why not? Your place or mine?”
Erika took Mike by the hand and led him past De Sade's table and out to a secluded perch overlooking the moonlit Aegean. Erika lit a cigarette and chatted about her two children who lived with her mother in Munich. Mike told her that he was from San Francisco, and she clutched his arm and gushed: “Oh mein Gott!” After twenty minutes or so, they returned to the patio and sure enough, Enrique nodded at Erika, and then proceeded to ignore her for the rest of the evening. Erika was clearly relieved.
“Thanks for playing along, Yankee. This one is from me, on the house, and from the bottom of my heart.”
Erika then kissed him passionately, and then strolled over to the bar where she adjusted her garter and mixed herself a gin and tonic. Mike sat himself down for obvious reasons, and closed his eyes for a while. The music played on.

That night they all crashed hard at De Sade's. After Enrique escorted everybody to their spacious guest rooms, he bid them goodnight and stumbled off to his luxurious bedchambers. Erika and Sofia were both 1,000 Euros richer and very relieved when they flopped out on Mike's bed, and didn't even bother to take off their booze-stained gowns. Mike chuckled as he gently removed Erika's spiked heels, and tucked both young women under a blanket. He stooped and kissed their foreheads before moving on to Shank's adjoining room.
“Good night, sweet ladies,” he whispered to the sprawled-out, snoring hookers. “Aw snap, I had my chance…”
Mike reminded himself that Estrella was worth waiting for. It was only right that he keep his pants buttoned up tight for the duration of the expedition.
But I'll never forget you, my sweet Erika!
Next up: Macedonia, and on to Turkey!”

In the dim morning, everybody awoke to hear manic pounding on the doors of their adjacent vestibules. The great oaken doors were not enough to keep out the pounding din, acompanied by a yapping poodle. The bedside clock indicated that it was only 6:00 AM. Damn! Shank had left instructions not to be woken until ten. What on Earth? Shank covered his eyes with his palms, and cleared his throat. “What the bloody hell do you want?”
“DoBoob, DoBoob, DoBoob!”
It was De Sade, who was worried that they had not been able to get enough decent footage of him for his 'debut' on DoBoob. He was still engaged in a battle with whatever demon had possessed him last night when he had danced on the tables like a drunken fool. Shank had reached his limit.
“Oh bloody hell! No one is stopping you! A friggin’ four year old can post a friggin’ video!”
“Senor Stephanos, you know all too well that I am a technical illiterate, a virgin. I do not live by the new ways.”
“Oh, enough! Your name is Colin, and my name is Steve, damnit! Look, I appreciate that you put us up so comfortable like this, but you are fucking with my shut-eye. Please don’t fuck with my shut-eye.”
“Shut-eye? Surely you jest! Time is running out, don’t you understand? Thanatos himself is stalking me, and all you can think about is sleep? You have your fame and legacy as your comfortable pillow, but all I have is my wits to get by with here. All of this, all of this is but a fading glory and a passing fancy! Just a sweet and sad illusion! Had I the means to do it all over again, I’d be back up in the North Country, working for my old man. I have no need for money. As it is, I have still a yen to return… to England. But if I can get on DoBoob, I can go back there as a Somebody! Don’t you get it?”
No, Shank didn’t. Who in their bloody right mind would want to go back to England?
“Yes, Colin, I understand. You want me to give you a plug. But you must understand that I have moved on from the wild old crazy days, and being a musicologist, I have my own snotty academic reputation to consider here.”
“You’re not going to help me?”
“Oh bloody hell, sure I'll help you, why not? I will upload the file to DoBoob, but you must take responsibility for the consequences, setting yourself out there for the whole world to see.”
“I can handle it.” With that, Colin Sedgewick turned tail and fled back into the depths of his estate, his yapping poodle in pursuit.

10:30 AM. De Sade’s driver ferried everybody down the hill and deposited them at the hotel, where Mike and Shank bid farewell to Erika and Sofia and hastily made ready for their departure. Mimi's chartered Lear jet was scheduled to lift off for Skopje, Macedonia, at noon. Mike sent off an email to Boffin and Mimi, while Stephanos Orpheus Shank, shaking his head in resignation, prepared an upload of Colin Sedgewick’s drunken performance and posted it up on DoBoob.
Titled Master of Ceremonies! Enrique De Sade! Shank interspersed clips of the musicians, and their song “But You Are Young, and Yet the Donkey Is Strong” in the background.
“Bog forgive me,” he muttered, shutting his laptop. “Let's get out of here, Chen.”
They gathered their bags and ordered soft drinks in the lounge downstairs, as they waited for their cab. 
“What a rush, Shankers!” 
“Quite a time, Chen. Next stop, beautiful downtown Skopje, jewel of the Balkans!” 
They raised their glasses of soda pop and clinked them together. They took no notice of a hooker sitting at a window table near the door, who flipped open her cell phone and spoke a few words quietly, before rising from her seat. No one even looked at her as she slipped a veil over her face and exited the lounge in silence.
When Mike and Shank got into their cab out in front of the hotel, a man in a white tropical suit snapped a few pictures of them from the safety of his rental car, parked right across the street. The 'hooker' from the lounge sat behind the wheel, and muttered in Portugese:
“Que diabos é em Skopje?” (What the hell is in Skopje?)
“O que lhe importa, boba?” (What do you care, bimbo?)
As Shank and Chen's cab pulled out into traffic, the spooks in the rental car did likewise. Destination: Samos Airport.

Interlude: An Epilog for Enrique De Sade
Colin Sedgewick found indeed that he could not get very far back in Newcastle with his newfound fame. The coal he’d brought along in terms of his old reputation was definitely redundant now. Nobody seemed to pay him any mind. The dusty street mocked him, as dogs and cats scurried away from his approach or his outstretched hand. Likewise little children cowered behind their doorways, and young women shut their windows as he sauntered alone. What had he done wrong? How could Orpheus Shank do this to him? Fucking DoBoob. Damned, damned Shank; damned, damned DoBoob.

17: Beta Undercover

Monday, June 20, 7:45 AM, Berkeley, CA

Beta Bronski and Special Agent Don White sat together at a window table in the busy StartUps Café, on Telegraph Avenue.
“Cross just arrived, nice and early,” said Don, as he sipped his coffee. “We managed to get you first on the list; he’s interviewing three today. Remember, first impressions are important, Bronski.”
“Don’t worry, Don. I’m in, and we both know it.”
Beta sensed a little nervousness in Don, and did her best to quell it. She was dressed to the nines in a simple white blouse, black mid-length skirt, and a navy blue blazer. Mid sized black pumps and a gold hair band rounded out her outfit. Her jet black hair hung to her shoulders, and her black-rimmed spectacles were the height of fashion. She radiated confidence and tasteful sensuality.
“I know… don’t mind me, Beta. I’m multi-tasking today, trying to salvage the damage from yesterday.”
Don had already told her about the ‘disaster’ at Henderson Ranch.
“Don, everything will be fine. I should go.”
Beta rose, attracting glances from more than a few in the cafe. She gathered up her laptop and briefcase. “I’ll be there all day, you’ll see.”

David’s office was a block up Telegraph. Beta buzzed, and Cross answered right away, through the intercom: “Door’s open!”
David greeted her in the front room. He had already removed his coat and loosened his tie.
“Don’t mind the mess. I’ve been shorthanded the last week.”
The place was indeed a mess, and Beta made a mental note to get the place cleaned up, pronto.
“My, uh, girl, Naomi, quit without warning. She didn’t even clean out her desk.”
David pointed to a cardboard box sitting on a work desk.
“I’m the last person to hassle anybody about their private life,” continued Dave, who gestured over to a wall poster that proclaimed: NORML. “I’m pretty sure she was into meth. It’s too bad.”
“I understand, Mr. Cross.”
“Call me Dave. I had a nice talk with Old Man Furman. He was sorry to see you go, but felt he couldn’t hold you back from an opportunity.”
“That was very kind of him. There wasn’t room for me to advance at the firm, and Mr. Furman felt that others had seniority —and rightfully so,” Beta added hastily.
(Beta despised Glenn Furman, with his leering watery eyes and bad breath.)
David sized her up, and liked what he saw.
“Your resume is impressive. I understand that you are studying for the bar?”
“Not right away, Mr. Cross—oops, I mean Dave! Maybe in six months.”
“Good luck on that. Let me tell you something, Beta. I scratched out on my first attempt.”
Beta smiled radiantly. “Oh no, you didn’t!”
“Oh yes!” 
Beta’s breasts jiggled merrily, as they laughed together. She knew from David’s eyes and body language that she had won him over.
“Back to the matter at hand, Beta. I’d like to start you right now, but I’m interviewing three today; next one up is at ten.”
Beta hung her blazer on the back of a chair, and winked at Dave as she adjusted her slightly tight blouse over her pushup bra.
“Don’t worry, Dave, I’ll interview them.”
David threw his head back and laughed.

18: “Damn The Drugs”

June 22, Los Angeles, CA
It didn’t take very long at all for FW Piltdown to track down Eric Taylor, who had left a careless money trail, the pathetic fool. Thanks to the efficiency of the Bureau, this scumbag Taylor would now face the swift wrath and justice of the United States Government, and Beta Bronski could now have a little satisfaction, if not closure. It was essential that Beta be freed from any past associations and distractions from her former life. Eric Taylor, like Michael Chen, was dead freight. This loser had picked the wrong gal to rip off, and now he had to pay the piper. FW would see to it, and Bronski would be fully ‘briefed’ once the matter was settled. As for Chen, he would be dealt with, later on down the road.
Agents Edwards and Richards were dispatched to LA, and located Taylor and a down-and-out pole dancer, stoned out of their skulls in a West Hollywood motel room just off Fairfax and Santa Monica Boulevard. As a pair of LA County Sheriff deputies sat outside in their patrol car, Edwards and Richards interrogated the pair, maybe a little too enthusiastically, and things went downhill from there. Taylor did turn over the remaining cash from Beta’s bank account, and stoically accepted the fact that he faced some serious prison time, but a jail sentence was not to be in Taylor’s future, alas. The streetwise and suspicious hooker, already super-wired and paranoid, (thanks to the quality blow and booze) had a premonition about what was in store, because out of the blue, she began to scream, like really hardcore. Before the startled G-men could restrain her, the naked, handcuffed whore bolted from the bed, and dove right into the window, which shuddered and wobbled loudly. Miraculously, the glass didn’t shatter, thank Bog! The hyper hopped-up bimbo staggered backwards and sat herself down on the floor in a daze. All was eerily quiet as the agents caught their breath and attempted to hoist her upright. Suddenly she became alive again and spastically squirmed out of their grasp, catching them off-balance, once again. The bimbo slithered her way along the wall, bashing herself and knocking lamps and things all over the room, babbling and shrieking like to wake the dead!
“Get that whore!” yelled Edwards, as they scrambled to their feet.
“Hey you assholes, don’t hurt her,” yelled Taylor from the bed. Richards caught the slippery hooker in the bathroom, where he brought her down hard with an oof and a loud crash that shook the walls of the motel room, knocking the cheap toilet right off its bolts! Richards panted as he lay on top of the naked bimbo, and realized that he had quite an hard-on. Oops! The woman was creepily silent when Richards, aided by Edwards, rolled her over on the wet floor.
“Uh-oh,” muttered Richards. “Houston, we have a problem.”
“What the fuck did you do to her, Richards?”
Damn!
Fear feeds itself, and when Taylor overheard Edwards and Richard’s rather indiscreet whisperings, he began to shriek, like ultra-hardcore, so he had to be silenced and gagged. Double-damn! What to do?
Fortunately, Agents Edwards and Richards were old hands at this sort of thing, and they came prepared for the worse-case scenario. Edwards prepared the hypos with nearly 100% pure heroin, and expertly administered the shots. Eric Taylor checked out almost immediately, adios, without a fuss. Next, the G-men laid the hooker down on the floor in a contorted position with one of her legs propped up on the bed, with the needle of death still protruding from her arm.
“The unfortunate woman broke her neck when she fell off the bed as a result of her massive and deadly heroin rush,” said Richards woodenly, as Edwards gathered up as much of Taylor’s cocaine that could be salvaged into a little baggie (maybe an ounces’ worth), and stashed it into his suit coat inner pocket.
“Goddamn drugs, damn the fucking drugs.”
After making sure that everything was in order, the spooks made their exit, leaving the cleanup (and $2,000. in an envelope) for the deputies. Everybody knew the drill: National Security.
Less than two hours later, both Edwards and Richards were righteously stoked and stoned on Taylor’s killer blow, on their flight back to Frisco.

19: Macedonia

June 23
Memo Mike Chen to Boffin Syznic
Boffin—We are gone, baby! Samos was a trip, due to the reunion of Shank and one of his old buddies. Seems like they have drifted apart in style and means of pleasure. We recorded a great deal of good music however, and next up are the mountains of Macedonia. I expect us to spend this evening somewhere north of Skopje, and we plan to do a little poking around before we jet out of there tomorrow night. Thanks to Mimi, we are going to visit a monastery and a wedding festival, and since she already set up our car rental we have little worries but to catch that plane! Now that we have the hang of that Yew Lube thing, and that goofy yak, I’ll check in with you later tonight. Beginning to actually enjoy myself!
—Chen

Estrella Klein to Michael Chen, via Yew Lube/YakMail
Boffin passed on your latest post. What an adventure! I thought I would fill you in on what’s happening here. First things first: I have been conferencing with your publisher, Sol Kalinsky, who is quite excited about the excerpts that I forwarded to him, especially your essay ‘Song of the Grasshopper’ which he wants to release in syndication, leading up to ‘The Fraud’ release date. Platypus Books wants to run with the ‘Grasshopper’ angle, for promotional purposes. What say you, Grasshopper?
Table Foundation News: Jade’s promo video is in post-production, and I’m really impressed! The Foundation has set up our SF headquarters on Market between Civic Center and Church, right near Cafe Flora. What a perfect spot! Jennifer has named it ‘The Table Research and Media Center’ The carpenters will be finished sometime this week. Jade and I are setting up right now, and I have been given a green light to recruit volunteers for a daycare center in the back. No, we won’t be feeding the street people! Rem Peterson brought over a cool guy named Axelrod, and Bailey, a real mysterious chick who calls herself BJ. Remember her from the party? Axelrod whispered to me later that she is a war hero, but she looks just like a kid! Anyway, she lives nearby, right on 17th, at Noe St. They take turns keeping an eye on us. I don’t expect any trouble, but I can see their point—you know what Market Street can be like! Mike, after much lobbying and nagging, I’ve relented, and have given Alex her own personal YakMail address. (see link) Can you please send her a personal YakMail?
—Love and kisses from all of us, and keep ‘yakking’ —E

Mike Chen to Estrella Klein, via Yew Lube/YakMail
Thanks for the news and gossip! Concerning the Grasshopper angle, I’m OK with it, just as long as my status as ‘The Fraud’ is front and center, because that’s what this book is really about. If you remember from the essay, ‘Grasshopper’ was a derogatory name given to me by some condescending bullies back in my school days, and the nickname stuck. I’m not bitter, ha ha ha!
Athens was an incredible rush, and as for Samos, I’ll fill you all in later. I’m sending a separate yakmail to Alex with some cool pictures. Next stop: Macedonia!
—Chen

The chartered flight from Samos to Skopje, was probably the most luxurious Mike had ever experienced. Mike thought the Lear jet resembled a metallic futuristic dragonfly. Mike, Shank, and the two pilots were the only ones on board for the one-hour flight.
“Go for the gusto—” said Shank, sipping on a glass of wine.
Mike finished Shank’s sentence: “—or don’t go at all! Does Boffin ever travel this way?”
“Not as much as he did before the accident. Just wait until you meet his pilot Rex, and see HIS jet, when we get to Istanbul!”
“All these private jets! Doesn’t necessarily save the planet!”
“Well then, what ever does?”
“Oh, I agree, Shankus. This planet has been way overrated.”
“If it makes you feel any better, our flight from Skopje to Istanbul is strictly commercial, although Mimi did get us in first class.”

Alexander the Great International Airport, Skopje, Macedonia.
Within minutes of debarking and a surprisingly friendly hop through customs, Mike and Shank found themselves cruising through downtown Skopje, Macedonia. With the radio blasting (Bob Dylan: Everybody Must Get STONED) they tooled along in their rented VW Polo with the top down in the brilliant sunshine, digging the sights and sounds, the scooters, the girls, and the sidewalk cafes. After checking out the Stone Bridge that crossed the Vardar River, they stopped at a market in the suburbs, and bought some supplies for their overnight: wine, bread, fresh fruit, cheese, salami, and a small paring knife. They tossed everything haphazardly into the back seat, before resuming their trek northbound on a two-lane highway that winded and twisted up a long valley with mountainsides covered in pines, oaks, and sycamore. The air was redolent of a smell that reminded Mike of his favorite spot in West Marin County, back in the States. It also seemed that on every mountaintop there was either a church or a mosque. Islam and Christianity had existed here, side by side for centuries, sometimes hot, sometimes not, but these days things were generally cool, although UN and NATO troops were still stationed in the region. As the VW sped on ever upward through the hills, Mike gazed at men in hats, women in headscarves, donkeys pulling carts, and pickup trucks in the fields and orchards along the roadside. The warm sun lulled Mike into daydreams.
“Next up is the monastery of Saint John the Baptist,” hollered Shank, above the road noise, as he wheeled the convertible around a wide bend, and entered a sizable village, with the usual café and plaza scene.
“Welcome to beautiful downtown Galicnik, Chen! This is one of the first places that Christianity took hold. Lots of history. The monastery is on the other side of town. Greek Orthodox. Cousins, but separate from Rome. Mimi set us up with the monastery choir, which will perform a special presentation, just for us! No mass, just an hour or so of acapella. How’s the battery pack in that recorder?”
Mike gave Shank a thumbs up.
“We also have arrangements to spend the night at a lakeside resort up here above the monastery. Mimi says this particular hideout was one of the places used by a particular Russian gangster, some years back. You may have heard of him: Sasha Danko? His cousins actually ran some nightclubs back in London, some years ago.”
“No, sorry. I don’t pay a lot of attention to the politics of this part of the world. Not at home either, to tell you the truth!” Mike chuckled. “Who is the President, these days?”
“President Humbug, I think…”
After winding up a steep canyon just outside of town, they pulled up at the front gates of the monastery. A kindly looking priest who looked to be in his mid-thirties greeted them.
“Mr. Chen, and Mr. Shank, welcome! I am Father Mikosia,” he said in perfect English. “We have a special presentation arranged for you today, featuring a small choir of six monks to perform: Two altos, two tenors, and two bassos. They will be singing from the missals which have been part of this monastery for over 700 years… manuscripts which we guard with jealous privitude!”
Father Mikosia laughed, and Mike smiled at the priest’s contagious enthusiasm. Mikosia urged them forward, and indicated a parking space near the old crumbling church.
After assembling and double-checking their recording gear, they entered the great hall of the church, and marveled at the stained glass windows and the church’s high vaulted ceilings. Mikosia quietly told them of the last earthquake, and the church’s dire need for retrofitting, before the next calamity could strike.
The choir monks sat in pairs, and each shared a missal with another. They went through a short ritual of tuning their voices to each other, and when all was ready, they began. These guys were the real deal, thought Mike. He had never heard authentic choral music ever performed properly, and was transfixed.
“I never knew,” he whispered to Shank during a break.
“Most people don’t. These guys know The Music.”
For the next hour, Mike handled the video cam as Shank worked the recording levels. Once Shank was satisfied that the levels were safe, he sat with his eyes closed, mouth slightly open, content to be transported. Mike himself thought that it was the finest live music that he had ever heard, hands down.
Shank did manage to get a few still pictures of the singers, but for the greater part of the performance he seemed to be lost in a different time and space.
When it was all over, Father Mikosia led them back to the car and handed them a small bouquet of mountain irises.
“The brothers of Saint John the Baptist urge you to go in peace.”
Shank nudged Mike, and reached into his pocket and handed a protesting Father Mikosia a few hundred dollars in cash and traveler’s checks. Mike fished around and produced some more cash of various currencies.
“Thank you for the best show I’ve ever experienced,” said Mike.
Father Mikosia waved farewell as Shank wheeled the Polo around, and headed back down the hill.

Galicnik was a pleasant little town under the shadow of Mt. Bilbus. Shank parked the car at what seemed to be the last available space they could find, owing to the fact that there was at least one rather large tour bus taking up most of the parking area near the central square. Mike mused that it was funny how even all the way out here in the hinterlands one was never far from a café and internet wi-fi. He almost expected to find a StartUps around the next corner, but alas. Just as well.
Mimi had noted in one of her communiqués that weddings were scheduled nearly every day during the summer months, mostly from the outlying areas surrounding Galicnik. As expected, a local wedding feast was taking place in one of the restaurants that made up lower stories of many of the houses that faced out upon the square.
Walking inside, they found a small area crammed with people: the two families, a group of musicians crammed up against the kitchen, and the remainder of available space filled with German, Swedish, and American tourists.
One of the tourists was the man in the white suit from Samos, although he had changed into more touristy attire: Hawaiian shirt, sunglasses, and a Nikon camera around his neck. He casually took pictures of the festivities, including Shank and Mike setting up their gear, as he refreshed himself now and again with a sip of raki.
The families of the bride and groom exchanged gifts and salutations, and then the eldest of the gentlemen led them all back out of the restaurant and down a side street to the village cemetery. There, members of both families walked to the graves of ancestors and offered prayers: “Come, come to our wedding feast, and join we the living in the celebration of our two families uniting in matrimony!” A toast was offered to the dead, and then the entire party turned tail and headed back into the café. The music was in full swing when they returned. A flute, a pair of hand drums, two bouzoukis and an accordion made up the celebratory music. Mike turned the camera recorder back on and managed to record the rest of the afternoon. There was plenty of ouzo to go around, and there was a table laden with all manner of foods, both local and of Greek tradition, and all the tourists seemed to be having a great time, just as much as the families.
It turned out the villagers had been attracting tourists in this fashion for a few decades, every since the 1960’s. Even all through the Bosnia-Herzegovina conflict, tour buses kept arriving, and even the usual snipers on hillsides along the road back to Skopje would cease firing to let the tour buses go past! So Mike heard in broken English from one of the elderly gentlemen, well into his cups, with a young woman young enough to be his granddaughter at his side, who constantly blushed and told him to “stop bragging!”
The sun was behind the western mountains as the party let out and the tourists left with the bus. Mike and Shank grabbed their gear and headed up the road again to the mountain lake and the overnight villa that Mimi had booked for the night. The hilltop setting looked positively stunning in the orange glow of sunset. Shank explained that the strangely shaped building had been used as a movie set for several European thrillers.
“It’s no Bates Motel,” joked Mike, who thought that it would be a great place to hang for an entire vacation. All around the lakeside grew Macedonian pine, and across the lake on a terraced hillside, Mike could see the tell-tale silhouettes of hemp and poppy plants. He wasn’t surprised— the culture here had been well-inspired by the same mercantile impetus that had created the rebetika music of Athens.
Later, as Mike relaxed with a glass of local poppy wine, he remarked to Shank, “Well, Shankus, the European leg of our ‘mission’ is almost over. Besides the Monks, do you think we got anything that Boffin and Lori can really use?”
“We will find out soon enough —remember that we are on a double mission here. I am searching for The Music, remember? Look, with the exception of those fantastic monks, I am sorry for all the diversion and frenzy over in there in Samos and Greece. Sure, maybe this entire Balkan journey is a little selfish of me I suppose, but I actually have been learning. Learning more about myself. People do change, and grow up. In hindsight, De Sade was a mistake, OK? It took me years to see him for what he is. Colin Sedgewick is really to be pitied, Chen. Talk about a ‘fraud’! In a way, De Sade is a mirror, and a valuable teacher. No one wants to admit that their youthful influences and mentors turn out to be—only human! Cold water on me face, for sure! Anyway, I did find some great music, down there on the island. Up here is quite the same. Those monks we just saw, and the wedding? You can’t buy that with money, man!”
“Well said, Shank! The monks were absolutely superb, and much closer to what I think we are looking for, wouldn’t you say?”
But Shank had slipped out of the room, and didn’t hear him.

The next morning they packed up and said farewell to the pine scented valley. They made such good progress back to Skopje that they had plenty of time to kill before going through the airport security maze. Shank suggested a walk around downtown and a coffee at a café. Everywhere they looked, the cafes were filled (just like back home!) with jobseekers glued to their laptop screens. Nobody was talking to each other—the world was comprised of solitaires, connected purely by wi-fi to affinities and interests nobody shared face to face. It was daunting. So unlike the life out in the country, it seemed that city dwellers everywhere were locked into their own private vistas. So little interaction, unless to say, “Excuse me” or “I’ll have another” while grabbing a refill at the counter. Shank noted that quite a few customers carried their own containers of creamy syrupy concoctions, probably because of the cafe’s high prices.
“Times are tight,” remarked Shank.
“Too tight for paradise, that’s for sure!”
They helped themselves to a pair of coffees each (syrups included!) and some pastry at one of the little cafes that seemed to have a little life to it. In this particular dive they had the football game running on the TV (Barca had tossed Athens in Round One and now were challenging Prague for the second seed), so Shank rooted along with the natives for the Czechs. Mike ho-hummed, knowing that Barca was going to come out on top (again!)
The pigeon, ever-present in nearly every large city in the world, had not exempted Skopje. Mike and Shank had to literally fight their way back to the rented VW, where they had to take a few moments to clean the seats and the windshield. When they pulled out onto the road, they banished whole flocks to the rooftops and windowsills as they made their way down the narrow streets.
Here and there they would see reminders of the past Balkan conflict: bullet holes, and whole torn-off hunks of destroyed structures, still waiting patiently to be carted away. But nowhere were the streets untidy. It was almost as if the citizens had vacuumed up behind each bomb crater, leaving nothing out of place, with almost a sense of pride in the stoic manner of survival the city had endured to make it through the years of conflict.
They promptly turned in the Polo at the airport rental, and after a longer than expected interval in passport control and customs, they finally checked their luggage and gear, and boarded the waiting jet.
“What's with the heavy security?” Mike muttered. “We didn’t have any problem getting into Macedonia!”
“This is nothing,” remarked a German businessman. “Just wait until we go through Turkish customs!”
Both Mike and Shank groaned at that bit of news. Ten seats behind them, the spook in the white suit opened his laptop tablet, and studied the photographs he had taken earlier of the Yankee tourists. One of the shots showed Chen slurping coffee in the Skopje café, and another showed Shank unloading his bags onto a luggage cart at the airport. These photos and more were uploaded to an untitled website that was identified by only numbers.
It took almost another hour before the jet finally lifted off into the friendly skies. Next stop, Istanbul.

20: Another Airport, On The Other Side of the World

The impeccably dressed man from Perry Pharmaceuticals sat in the British Airways lounge at SFO, his Monkberry notebook open on his lap. He contemplated the latest photos of Chen and Shank, taken by his operative on the scene in Skopje.
“Istanbul… why Istanbul, Mr. Shank?”
He unconsciously ran his fingers through his wavy blond hair, as a svelte, long-legged stewardess strolled by with her rolling overnight bag.
“See you later, Blondie,” she whispered in a low husky voice, as she gave him a mischievous wink. Blondie smiled widely at her perfect posterior, as she passed through the gateway doors. The stewardess’s name was Susan Stewart, and she was going to personally show Blondie all of the nooks, crannies, and secret hiding places directly below the luxury galley in First Class, somewhere over Hudson Bay or Greenland. Such were the perks of working for PerryPharm.
Blondie’s actual name was Mark Diller, and London was his destination. Diller was Old Man Perry’s top errand boy, troubleshooter, bag-man, not to mention the apple of his eye. Life was good, and he was going far, yes indeed.
As Diller patiently waited for his flight to be called, he deleted the photos of Shank and Chen, and sent them to pixel nirvana. Just what in hell were those two up to, over there in the Balkans?

21: Beta and David

The first week was the most difficult for Beta. Knowing her place, she couldn’t rush things on David, but she needed to get as much as she could on the Patch before Mike returned from his overseas ‘expedition’. Time was pressing, and David wasn’t making things any easier. Nothing much was happening between the two, as of yet, but the game was on. David was waiting for an opening, and the ball was in Beta’s court. It was time. On the third evening, she shopped for sexy lingerie.
(It’s not what your country can do for you; it’s what you can do for your country!)
On the fourth day she made her move. David was all but ready, and Beta took him home to 1 Rincon Hill. Among other things, he was totally blown out by the incredible view.
“How the hell do you manage to afford this place, Beta?”
“I don’t,” Beta laughed, “believe me! No, I’m just taking care of the place as a favor for a friend who’s over in Europe. I have to be out of here before the year is out.”
They had a few drinks (at least David did, while Beta drank club soda), and as Beta planned, the inevitable happened.
David was no Eric Taylor—meaning that he was actually a pretty good guy in the sack, to Beta’s relief. He was fun, considerate, and not so greedy and grabby, like Eric. Beta enjoyed herself, counted her blessings, and was grateful for small favors!
Afterward, they chatted as they lay in each other’s arms, and Beta actually got some useful information. David didn’t have any technical details on the Patch itself, but he did provide some clues regarding the first round of preliminary tests that were being conducted by Dr. Lori Dryer. Selected groups of heavy smokers were paid to smoke only at designated times when their brainwaves were recorded onto a database. As for the Patch itself, no one seemed to know anything about it—not even Dr. Dryer.
“You know as much as I do,” Lori had confided to David, a few mornings back. “I'm not in the technical loop. My job is to compile a database. Dull stuff, David, dull, dull, dull! It might be some time before actual testing will commence with an applicable prototype.”
It was all so vague, and the circus atmosphere around the Table was just too much! 
“Some guy tried to set up camp out in front of Jenny's headquarters,” David chuckled as he lay with Beta. “Claimed that the Patch was HIS idea, and said that he could prove it! Jenny's man Skippy drove the guy to a homeless shelter and gave him fifty dollars!”
“I read somewhere that the Patch is just a publicity stunt,” said Beta.
“Maybe it IS all just a con, who knows?”
Beta innocently asked him if he had ever heard of the 'OtherNet'.
“I've heard that it's all a bunch of shit. Roll over, baby.”
Beta rolled over onto her tummy and fumbled with a condom package as Dave happily mounted her from behind. Beta was feeling no pain herself, but she wanted just a little bit more info before they got back to serious yabyum, so she playfully slipped out from under him and reached for her pack of cigarettes. 
“Oh damn you anyway, Bronski…”
Beta giggled, and then blew a few smoke rings at the ceiling before she ground the cigarette out in the ashtray.
“All finished! Hey, have you made any progress with the bureaucracy?” 
“Progress? Do you jest?”
David was having nothing but trouble getting any grease from the FDA, regarding Dr. Dryer's next round of advanced nicotine testing. Beta had been prepared for this.
“Let me check with some of my contacts. I’ve picked up a few tricks working for that old crook, Glenn Furman.”
“Anything you say,” replied David lazily. His mind was on other things, such as the lovely contrasts between Beta and Jenny’s bodies, for instance. Life was good, and he was definitely ready for another round. 
“Oh me oh my,” Beta murmured as she skillfully unrolled a fresh condom onto Dave, before he even knew it!

Beta briefed Agent White the very next morning at the StartUps Coffee shop on Bryant Street, one block away from 1 Rincon Hill.
“Well done, Bronski, a great start! With your help, I am confident that we will uncover the connection between the Patch and the OtherNet. Keep up the good work.”
Beta almost blushed with embarrassment. Don changed the subject, to her relief.
“I almost forgot —I do have some, um, sad and tragic news, so brace yourself.”
Don handed her a printout, and a sealed envelope. “Thanks to our APB, the LASD caught up with Eric Taylor at a motel on Santa Monica Boulevard—unfortunately a little too late, I’m sorry to say. Beta, both Taylor and his female companion were dead—dead from an overdose of narcotics.”
Beta was stunned, and completely dumbstruck. “Eric… dead?”
“I am sorry, and can imagine how much of a shock this is… the medical examiners say that they both… well, the heroin was almost 100% pure. The case file is now closed on Eric Taylor, however there is some good news in spite of this tragedy. $9,000 in cash was recovered at the scene, and after a nod from the Treasury Department (and my urging) the money has been direct-deposited back into your bank account. Unfortunately, the remaining $6,000 is long gone, and cannot be recovered.”
Beta could find nothing to say, and Don shook his head.
“So much for Eric Taylor. I’ve had to deal with trash like Taylor my entire career in law enforcement. Gutter sewage. I’m just sorry that he took someone else with him… Did you know that Taylor was arrested five years ago for battery, but his girlfriend at the time decided not to press charges? No? Well good riddance, I say.  —Are you alright, Bronski?”
“Yes, Don, I’m fine… it’s just such a shock, you know… I never knew about the battery charge.”
“Right, it sometimes seems that the system is rigged for the benefit of… animals like Taylor. Take out the trash, I say! Chin up, Bronski. Eric Taylor will never hurt another woman, ever again.”
Don brightened. “Anyway, damn fine work with David Cross, and keep it up. Top notch, we’re making real headway.”
Once again, Beta was grateful that Don didn’t press her on specifics. She was proud to serve her country, but Don didn’t need to know the intimate details.

Beta lay long awake that night, and reflected on the Void, and how close she could have been… to be the one to share Eric’s fate in that cheap motel room. She wondered about the woman, unnamed and anonymous, sight unseen, in her mind. What was her sad story? What had lead her to take that last leap with Eric, hand in hand, into the Void?
Beta hardened her heart, and focused on the mission. Don’s advice was for the best. Eric was best buried and forgotten altogether.
Beta faded away during her meditations, and found herself drifting southward over the rolling moonlit hills of the Peninsula and the Belmont Hills Retirement Home and Hospice. Inside, it was cold and dark as a tomb. Syd snored softly in his rollback chair, as Beta glided silently past his office and made her way down to the end of the corridor. Ming Ch’in  lay in his hospice bed, and no matter what song she sang, he would not open his eyes or even acknowledge her presence, which frustrated and saddened her. When Beta bent down to kiss Ming’s forehead she tasted only ashes, and was startled to see that the old man was covered in cobwebs. Beta fled the hospice room, and ran down many dark corridors and stairwells until she found herself back in the home she had long shared with Mike Chen. She wandered through the familiar rooms and hallways until she found herself upstairs in front of the bedroom door. She hesitated for a moment, and then opened the door slowly. Mike and Estrella Klein lay together in the moonlight, their arms and legs and lips and hair entwined in passion. Beta then closed the door silently, and descended back down the stairs to the front hallway, where she looked at herself in the mirror for one last time before she let herself out the door… forever.

It took Beta (with a little help from Don) another week to set up the payoff to Ted Ortega, of the Oakland FDA. Ortega was the mid-level bureaucrat that had been giving David nothing but grief for weeks now.
“Trolls like Ortega can shut a whole operation down, with just a snap of their fingers,” Don told Beta, as they sat together in his Chrysler sedan as it moved slowly through the suds at the Mission and Van Ness carwash. “Ortega won’t play ball with us, or Syznic, unless he gets his cut.”
“Shouldn’t he be arrested, Don?”
“Oh, he will be, Bronski. He actually thinks that he can blackmail me —us! —just for chicken feed…”
Ortega’s ‘price’ was only $10,000.
“Our government is rife with corruption, Bronski. To think that I spent thirty years fighting organized crime… and that I now have to deal with this fat-assed bucket of lard —excuse me for my outburst, but sometimes it can be so frustrating, to say the least! Are you ready?”

Beta met with Ortega at the very same StartUps on Bryant Street for the handover. Agent White sat in a nearby booth, disguised as a mail carrier. He didn’t expect any trouble from Ted Ortega, but this was Beta’s first time out, and he wanted to be close at hand. Ortega himself looked ridiculous in a hooded sweatshirt that was too tight for his bulging gut. Likewise, his butt was too big for his camouflage shorts with all those silly pockets. He looked like he was in his mid-forties.
“Veronica, right?”
Beta nodded. ‘Veronica’ was her alias for the handover. Ortega’s eyes scanned up and down Veronica’s body.
“Wet my beak, honey.”
Beta passed him the envelope under the table.
“Here you go. I trust that we can now get rolling on this, Mr. Ortega?”
“It’s a done deal —Veronica. Hey, there’s a motel up the block… within walking distance. C’mon, I’ll give you a rebate—hell, I’ll even waive the entire fee! How about it?”
Beta’s reply was cold as ice. “Are you still here, Mr. Ortega? Hadn’t you best get moving on our approval without further delay?”
Ortega shrugged, and as he made his way to the exit, Beta exhaled with relief.
“Well done, Bronski,” said Don, as he slid into the booth with a couple of coffees. “This was necessary, Beta. We have been systematically building up a case against Ortega for quite some time now. We have to keep him on ice, until he is indicted.”
“What do I tell David?”
“Don’t tell him anything until after you get him stoned tonight. My friends in the DEA assure me that the, um, dope is of the highest quality.”
A few ounces of primo cannabis were stashed away in a cookie jar in Beta’s kitchen. (Agent 'Silvergirl' had confiscated the dope from a medical marijuana dispensary, and made it available for FW's use in the Indigo operation.)
“After Mr. Cross is nice and toasted, tell him that you took care of everything, and that the first round of tests will be approved by the FDA in two days. Do not say anything about the money. You persuaded Ortega to play ball, and leave it at that, OK? Cross will marvel and remember your mojo, and that’s the most important thing. Eventually he will have no choice but to trust you completely, but until then…”
Beta nodded. “Right, sir. Baby steps.”
Don swallowed the last of his coffee, and rose to take his leave.
“Well done, Bronski, well done indeed. Things are moving along.”

After Beta served David dinner, they sat and necked for a while by the picture window and watched the streaming taillights on the Bay Bridge. David was hoping and ready for some yabyum, when out of the blue, Beta presented him with a ceramic cookie jar, filled to the brim with the finest cannabis he had ever seen.
“Happy birthday, Dave,” she whispered in his ear.
“What? My birthday isn’t until —what the —where did you get this stuff, Beta?”
“A co-worker at Furman’s got herself into a little trouble, and asked me to hold on to it for her. She’s now in prison for embezzlement and bank fraud, and she’s not going anywhere for a while… Gosh, it’s been more than a year now.”
“Really wizard,” said David, who wasted no time in rolling a fat bomber. As the aromatic smoke filled the room, David was blissfully unaware that Beta did not inhale the potent fumes, and only blew out a few little puffs when she took the joint for courtesy’s sake. Beta was buzzed enough from the contact high when they laid themselves down right in front of the wall-sized picture window and made sweet yabyum in the dark, high above the city of San Francisco from the 45th floor of 1 Rincon Hill.
The next morning as they sat together by the window, Beta made it clear that she was not interested in establishing a serious relationship with David.
“I really do like you, if you haven't already noticed—but I will NOT move in on Jennifer Morgan, never, whatsoever. That's just not in the cards, David.”
Dave, already pleasantly stoned, took a deep hit from his roach.
“Right, there’s no reason why we can’t be adults about this, with no strings.”
“I'm serious, David! You and me? Only ships in the night, and all of that rot.”
 “Absolutely! —Ouch! I need a pipe, Bronski.”
“Oh my Bog—don't you dare burn a hole in that carpet! Put that damn thing out and just lie still, damn it.”
“Oh very well, if you insist!”
Dave lay back as Beta opened a fresh package of condoms.

It only took a few more days for the good news: The FDA was now on board, with conditions. Ted Ortega had delivered, as promised. By then, David Cross was so in over his head that he accepted without question Beta’s story about having ‘prior contacts’ from a few cases at Furman Associates.
“I’ve been only getting bullshit from Ortega. I’m surprised he didn’t try to shake you down.”
“More like PAT me down, Dave.”
The irony was that Beta (and Don) had actually speeded up the long drawn-out process that stood in the way of Dr. Dryer’s upcoming round of tests, and in a Table Foundation memo, both Dryer and Boffin Syznic actually praised David’s ‘success’ in moving everything along through the bureaucratic hoops.
Meanwhile, Beta did some cautious networking with various contacts, provided by Don. Perry Pharmaceuticals was the biggest player with skin in the game regarding nicotine withdrawal products, and had the most on the line. The tobacco companies were out of the game at this point, thanks to political and cultural correctness.
Finally, the call came, thanks to Beta’s persistence, and her expanding communications mojo.
This is it, thought Beta. Let’s see what David Cross is made of.

22: Istanbul

June 26
Mike and Shank arrived in Istanbul, weary from the flight out of Skopje. Because of customs, security, and bureaucratic bullshit, it took them nearly eight hours to go four hundred miles. The skies may have been strife free, but not so relations between Turkey and Macedonia. The burned out travelers finally arrived at the Pera Palas, and retired straight to their room, too tired to even look at the opulent, historic joint.
Mike jettisoned his gear, kicked off his shoes, and threw himself onto the bed, where he promptly passed out. Shank chuckled and shook his head as he checked his camera, and went out to the balcony. From there he gazed at the western shore of Asia, which was the starting point of the long strip of land that stretched all the way to Palestine, once known as the Levantine. He took a few pictures for his archives, and went back inside, exhausted, drained, and in need of a drink.
The Pera Palas was one of these old places built from the imperialist excesses born of the Orient Express in its heyday. Famous and still living off its tawdry old rep as the setting of Agatha Christie’s eponymous novel, it had also been a temporary office of Kemal Ataturk on his return from exile. There was history oozing from the cracks in the dingy wallpaper in their suite on the 11th floor, but Shank and Mike were oblivious to history in their current state: They were existentialists of the moment, and the current moment called for sleep. Refreshment, recreation, and perhaps illumination, could wait until the next morning.
Shank woke up before dawn, showered, and snacked on grapes and slices of tangerine from a bowl next to the coffee maker. After booting up his Monkberry laptop, he checked his mail from Stateside. All was quiet on the home front, so he went outside to the balcony to watch the red sun rise over Asia, and murmured to himself: “Red sky in morning; sailor take warning…”
Mike was still out for the count, but Shank, feeling restless, called room service.
“Tanqueray on Ice, and a bottle of Kahlua.”
The Kahlua was for Mike, and the Tanqueray was for himself. When the bottles arrived he placed the Kahlua next to the coffee maker with a note. He then knocked back two quick shots of gin from a paper cup, and then one more to keep the others company.
“Top of the morning love—that ought to brace me. Now, embrace ME, O City of Dreams.”
Mike—Gone down to record the streets. I know how much you dig Kahlua with your coffee, so here’s a taste. See you whenever—Shank
Grabbing his coat on account of the morning chill and a possible coming storm, Shank slipped out the door and headed for the vintage iron cage elevator. When he reached the lobby, he poked around the cavernous dining room and adjoining lounge, with its decadence of chandeliers and old lace. On one wall was a gallery of famous faces, mostly old inbred Limeys such as Lord Kitchener and Sir Richard Francis Burton (who had discovered Lake Tanganyika and infiltrated the male brothels of Karachi). 
“There'll always be an England!”
After taking his fill of the elegance and despair, he sauntered out to the street with his trusty vid-cam in his hand, and a hankering for adventure (and possibly mischief) in his eye. He took shots of the Istanbul skyline, women laughing and bantering, a fight between several pigeons, and a young boy sitting by a flower cart with a boom box. As he entered Taksim Square, he came upon a small stage surrounded by a bunch of tourists. As he came closer he heard the distinctive sound of the kithara and cimbalom, along with drums, finger cymbals, and a flute. On the stage, five men dressed in fez with white tunics and long flowing white skirts were spinning in circles. Sufi dancers, and doing a jolly good job of it.
Finding an unobtrusive spot, Shank watched/recorded the spinners. The five spinning gentlemen drew their arms up and drove their bodies counterclockwise in ever tighter spirals, faster and faster. The music grew more rapid, more insistent, as the words “Allah, Allhu, es Bi’sim’ Allah!” were chanted louder and louder by the musicians and local hangers-on.
Shank really liked the instruments and the way they sounded (of course), and he tuned out the entranced and enchanting dancers. The time passed pleasantly, and Shank thought that the music was superb. When the zkhir sama came to an end, the dancers sent a young girl around the crowd for tips. All the dancers and musicians bowed low, and left the stage to walk off together as a group down the boulevard.
Shank wandered further south along the Galata Mevlevihane. The sun was well up, and the city was beginning to rock and roll. The crowd beast jostled, and not so aromatic smells began to assault him. He could hear distant calls for prayer over distorted loudspeakers, and the din of cars, trucks, busses, and scooters. Bells were ringing in his head, and he needed more gin for the relief it might bring him. As he deadheaded back to the hotel, he once again passed the little flower cart, but the pensive kid with the radio was gone. In his place sat a veiled woman whose eyes regarded him with steely hesitation and hostility. He hurried on in the direction of the Palas.
Back at the hotel, he found Mike sitting cross-legged on his bed with the travel guitar, once more struggling to come to grips with chords and fingerings. At least now he had the hang of the proper hand positioning, Shank noted with satisfaction.
“I see you’re getting a bit of the strum together, my laddie. I’ll show you a few little tricks so you won’t have to struggle so hard, but it takes time.”
“Good morning, Stephanos. Gin for breakfast?”
“I had a tangerine, Chen.” Shank poured himself a little more gin.
“Don’t worry,” laughed Mike, “I’ve already had a coffee and Kahlua. I think I’ve figured out how to play one or two songs, based on what you showed me already!”
“Well and good, son. I’ve been out walking the streets, and recorded us some excellent Sufi dervishes.”
Mike began playing ‘Blowing in the Wind’.
“How many hoes does a man lay down?”
“That’s really charming, Chen.”
“I’m only doing this because I heard somewhere that I’ll be irresistible to the chicks, Shank.”
“You’ve got it! That’s why I chucked the violin and took up the axe, way back when I was a teeny. My daddy was not amused, for some reason!”
Later they both went out, and dug the Bosporus from a sidewalk café, drinking Turkish coffee. They took no notice of a man in a white robe and fez, sitting a few tables away, laptop open, like so many others.

His name was Clemente, and he had been tailing Shank and Chen since Athens. He had blended right in with the revelers at De Sade’s chateau on Samos, and the tourists at the wedding party in Galicnik. His orders were to observe, track and record the Yanks’ movements. Clemente was a man who could blend in nearly anywhere. Paris, Madrid, Rome, Zagreb, you name it, the European Beat. This gig had led him to Athens, Samos, Skopje, and now Istanbul. He had no knowledge or interest in what these two were up to. It would have been so easy to kill them both back on Samos, or at the mountain retreat outside Galicnik, but that wasn’t his call to make. Whatever.
For the moment, Clemente’s objective was to get into the Yanks’ hotel room, and hopefully get a hold of their travel schedule and itinerary. Where were they going next?
Clemente sat back and shut his laptop. Today’s dispatches and photos were now securely uploaded to an untitled website, with no complications or middlemen. Likewise, when this assignment was concluded, his pay and daily expenses were to be deposited directly to a secure account in Switzerland.

After a pleasant, but uneventful afternoon, Mike and Shank returned to their hotel room, just as a fetching young maid with almond eyes (and an even more fetching maid’s outfit) arrived to do a sheet change and once-over.
Shank winked at Mike as she bent over to plug in the vacuum, and they took in the view as she expertly changed the bedding, and was finished in no time at all. Almond Eyes refused a tip, and departed with her maid’s cart.
 The intrepid travelers spent the evening watching Turkish television programs (mostly action-packed soaps), and had fun inserting witty and obscene dialog over the action. Both of them cooled it on the booze, and eventually packed it in around midnight. There was a whole city to check out, on the morrow.

Mike was downright disappointed, after visiting several meyhanes (taverns) that featured ‘traditional’ Fasil music.
“Pretty generic and homogenized, I do have to admit,” observed Shank. “And that Druze bloke from Syria…”
“Way too much reverb!”
The Druze singer had been recommended by Boffin and Mimi in a Yakmail.
“Let me tell you, Shank. I’m still waiting to hear that ancient howling blues riff!”
“Maybe we will find it in Tuva, son. Too bad you missed the Sufi musicians, blast the luck. Let’s play the file back, edit out all the background stuff, and upload it on one of the laptops.”
“Sounds good, maestro! Let’s make some popcorn, or better yet, order some pizza!”
“Great idea, but wrong town! Maybe we can find some good falafel or pita, and find that foxy maid, and ask her if she has a friend!”
“Or a sister! By Jove, Shankus, you may have hit on something! Maybe we just need to get laid! Too bad we’re not gay! At least I don’t think we are… what a setup. Let’s go out and get some shiskebob.”

Clemente sat in a little open courtyard, a few blocks from the Galata Mevlevihane. The fetching young ‘maid’ with the almond eyes pulled her scooter right up close to his table, close enough to hand him a CheapFone that she pulled out of her pocket.
He spoke to her in Turkish. “Did you touch anything?”
“No, Effendi, nothing.”
Clemente reached into his pocket and handed her a wad of Lira notes. She kicked the scooter in gear, and merged into traffic on the adjoining boulevard.

23: Rex Andromedas

Tiger Lily, the Syznic Industries jet, was just about primed and ready when Mike and Shank reached the airport. After a speedy rush through security and customs, a smiling airport courtesy girl led them out to the tarmac.
“What gives, Shank?”
“Me thinks maybe a little grease from Mimi Syznic?”
“The all-knowing and powerful!”
Rex Andromedas waited out on the tarmac. Rex was of Greek heritage, but was one hundred percent All-American. Mike thought that Rex resembled a Mediterranean James Bond, in his natty airline pilot’s uniform. His age could have been anywhere between forty and sixty.
Rex had piloted every conceivable aircraft in his time. Sure, he had scuttled some expensive birds in his younger days as a hotshot Air Force test pilot—two F-16s in fact. Fortunately for Rex, he ejected safely from them both. Even though mechanical problems were eventually cited for both of Rex’s crashes, the Brass got a little spooked, and he was warned that a third scuttling would positively ground his career.
Andromedas had learned from the (expensive!) pain of it, and after his questionable discharge he had gone on to become a somewhat celebrated barnstormer and stunt pilot. As his reputation grew, he funneled all his hard-earned daredevil wages and bonuses into promoting himself as the greatest hotshot pilot in the USA. He was well known to executives of the leading aircraft corporations around the globe, and the brilliant aero engineers who are always hard at work developing new variations on the old theme: getting heavier-than-air machines up and down safely.
It was widely agreed upon that he was one of the top flyboys in world. His hot dog reputation brought him to the attention of Boffin Syznic, who offered Rex a job of a lifetime, with an exclusive contract. Rex was definitely cool with that. Having steady work was better than being considered an unemployable mercenary, and if the Air Force had done him no favors by letting him go with a questionable discharge, with “potentially unstable personality issues” —at the least it had made him capable of understanding any instrument panel in the world. And even the top brass in the Air Force had to admit that Rex had been one of their best, in a clutch. He had done a few under the table jobs for Uncle Sam, and had seen a few things, to be sure. His ultimate dream was to have been a Space Shuttle pilot, and he wept when the Shuttle program was scrapped.
These days he didn’t even have a home. He basically lived in and out of the jet, and the occasional motel or hotel when needed. He lived wherever Syznic Industries sent him, and he was well known in the bars, dives and hash dens frequented by flyboys (and flygirls) around the world. He loved the Mediterranean best, because it gave him a chance to see ‘the old country’, his native Greece, which was the finest place on earth, outside the good old USA, in his opinion. He also loved the seafood, and he could wrestle a swordfish and jig for squid with the best of them. Before arriving to pick up Shank and Chen, he found some time to codswollop with some of his old buddies on the Peloponnese. Life was grand for Rex, and his enthusiasm was contagious.
Rex greeted both of them with a handshake.
“Good to see you again, Shank. Welcome to Tiger Lily and Rex Air, Mr. Chen! Come aboard!”

“We have a lot of flight time ahead,” Rex announced over the onboard speaker, once Mike and Shank were settled in the passenger’s cabin. “I am your solo pilot for this excursion, but not to worry, Mr. Chen. This is how I operate these days, and I prefer it that way. Make yourselves comfortable. There’s no wi-fi availability up here for this trip, because the Boss insists we fly in stealth mode (as ever), and he is footing the bill. We’ll be heading east out to Azerbaijan, and a little place called Baku. Some of the territory we’re headed over is rife with tribal nationalists and jihadi of varying stripes, but we have little to fear, being far above any of their weapon capability! Ha, ha, that was just a joke, Mr. Chen. Besides, I think they would rather have our dollars, than to shoot us down! Ha, ha, right! I’m priming the turbos now—this is a loud bird, you’ll see. We should be airborne in about six minutes. Once we reach topside, get yourself some grub. There’s hot lasagna, and some sandwiches, and we’ll get something delivered once we get to Baku. No real need for us to deplane, it’s just a refueling stop halfway to Tuva. We are looking at about nine and a half hours of flight time, plus a half hour or so on the ground when we refuel. So, welcome aboard the Boffin Line! —OK, we have runway clearance. Strap in and buckle up, we are heading upstairs! Yippy Tie Oh!”
Shank sat back, and gripped his armrests.
“Rex is rather the theatrical type, underneath his stolid, anal, rocket-man façade.”
“I heard that, Shank!” crackled Rex’s voice over the speaker.
Suddenly they were hauling ass down the runway at almost 100 mph, and then they abruptly lifted off and shot almost vertically upward in an incredible rush of speed and jet-whine, high above the Bosporus. The distant Mediterranean was such a color blue! Mike was once again enthralled as he gazed down at the tilted earth, far below. Higher and higher they climbed, until they were tilted at such an angle that even Shank (who had flown a few times with Rex) seemed to be getting a little white in the knuckles. But the jet gradually leveled out, the high-pitched whine decreased, and they found themselves gliding high above a vast sea of white and brown, as far as the eye could see.
Shank unbuckled himself, and exhaled loudly.
“Like I said, no need to worry. Rex knows what he’s doing.”

They had five hours before they would touch down for refueling at Baku. Shank decided to play Desk of Fate (the notorious extreme business administration head game, and not for the timid), and Mike decided to watch an old film he hadn’t seen in decades. Although his high school buddies had smirked, he really dug The Clan of the Cave Bear. (Shank preferred Quest For Fire.)
Mike had always wondered whether or not Cro-Magnons and Neanderthals had ever mated. Apparently, news reports on genetic research suggested that indeed they had. Mike wondered if he had any Neanderthal ancestry (being Northern Asiatic.)
(Does my inability to stand cold weather diminish me in the eyes of my ancestors?)
After a while, even Darryl Hannah couldn’t keep Mike’s eyes open, and he drifted off into the spirit land.
Mike and Shank were both startled awake when Rex informed them over the speaker to please buckle up for their approach. Mike gazed down upon a sci-fi-like skyline of futuristic buildings, flaming towers, and a sea of brilliant blue. Rex gently eased Tiger Lily down onto the runway, and taxied to a stop.
“Welcome to beautiful, downtown Baku, cosmopolitan hub, swinging nightspot, and gateway to the mystic eastern heartlands! Hang loose, boys, I have a surprise—just you wait and see!”
Rex opened the hatch and hopped on out into the sunshine. Mike and Shank felt a rush of baking heat from outside the jet. Within a few minutes Rex returned with two large pepperoni pizzas (!) and six-pack of cokes. The three of them made short work of demolishing the pizzas with gusto.
“This is really good, Rex,” said Mike, “how in Hades—”
“I’ve been coming here to Baku, for the last thirteen years,” said Rex. “This is one town where they actually know how to do it right—outside of Napoli and New York, of course. I radioed ahead for special delivery!”
Outside on the tarmac, pit monkeys did an once-over as Tiger Lily received a fill-up for the next leg of the journey. While they were still on the ground, Rex relayed a heads-up from Mimi Syznic, fresh off the fax machine, regarding a warning by the US Department of State concerning travel to southern Tuva.
“Outlaws and separatist factions are reported to be roughing up travelers,” Mike read aloud from the printout, “and although these reports are isolated incidents, State is still issuing a routine precautionary warning for American tourists.”
Everybody would know more, once they were on the ground in Tuva, which was where Mike considered to be the real starting place in the actual search for the ‘Lost Chord’.

Clemente uploaded the last file from the maid’s CheapFone, which had scanned the laptops of the targets, and his suspicions were confirmed: these two had access to an advanced, secure, and scrambled electronic mail program that was impenetrable, and cleverly deflected hackers to pornographic websites. Brilliant! But Chen had carelessly left some information on his laptop’s desktop clipboard. They were flying out of Istanbul by private jet, destination: Baku, and the Central Asian Republic of Tuva. Delhi was also mentioned.
Clemente’s assignment in Istanbul was concluded. He double-checked his account in his Swiss bank, and then booked a flight out of Istanbul, back to his home base in Lisbon.

Mike Chen to Dr. Lori Dyer:
Lori, I am on my way to Tuva to record some herdsmen who are among the oldest fully functional people on the planet. They herd their flocks well into their 80s and even 90s, smoke like devils, and drink fermented goat’s milk. Some of their ancestry can be traced back to the Mongols, so maybe they’re relatives of mine! They sing about the never-ending blue sky and forbid the shedding of blood. (They strangle their enemies!) Unfortunately we are restricted from bringing any brain samples home with us for your research.

Mike Chen to Estrella Klein:
I just realized that we are retracing the footsteps of Alexander and Prester John. West meets East. I am very excited, and feel that we are on the cusp of a great adventure.

24: Gallows

June 30, London, UK
Although his official address was in St. James Place, Sir William Gallows hung out with the great unwashed in Soho, right off Shaftsbury Avenue. Gallows had made his fortune and reputation over the decades as one of the top movers and fixers of the UK rock scene, having managed DMZ, the Harpies, and the Wankers. His showcase club The Jolly Hangman had presented Guy Fawkes and his Gunpowder Boys, Wat Tyler, and the legendary Jams O’Donnell’s Jiggs, among others. His ruthless and brutal elimination of the Russian Mafia from the London club scene (most notably the Danko Brothers) bore fruit with the announcement of his knighthood, back in 1995. By then, most of his competitors were to be found residing peacefully along the Thames’ muddy bottom.
Steve Shank, hotshot guitarist for the power trio DMZ, had been William’s golden goose and meal ticket, propelling him on to bigger and better things. Investing millions of pounds that he had ripped off from the heroin-addicted band, Gallows began his rise, and expanded into the greater Media Scene, buying up nightclubs, recording studios, rock and roll newspapers and magazines. By 1994 he acquired the prestigious London Thymes, by blind luck, extortion, and downright piracy.
William Gallows was a darling of the Fleet Street set, and London media types. How could it not be otherwise? He owned most of them, having acquired a vast media empire, including the leading newspapers, tabloids, and lucrative pieces of the cable TV pie, both in Europe, and the USA. But he never forgot his thuggish roots. He was always a ‘Ma’ to a friend in need, and he gave lavishly to the leading charities. His current trophy wife was two years younger than his son from his first marriage. 
Seven days a week His Lordship would arrive promptly at 4:00 AM to stoutly direct his vast media empire from his penthouse office atop his massive, glittering Gallows Tower, the highest skyscraper in Central London, but in the evenings he usually held ‘court’ in various nightspots around the West End and Soho, unless business called for more appropriate environs.
On this fine summer evening, Gallows met personally with the Yank emissary at the exclusive and inbred Beedle Club, on St. James Street. This was indeed quite an honor for Mark Diller, the Man from PerryPharm.
A tall cadaver named George led them into the mahogany-lined sanctuary of the Margaret Thatcher Room for brandy and cigars. Sir William also called for a liter of Glenlivet, and Diller requested if George could scare up some Marlboro cigarettes. 
“Yes of course, sir.”
Several distinguished gentlemen sat about in leather chairs, including a very old man who snored away in the corner. His kilt had slipped down to his ankles but his diaper was secure, thank Bog.
“Sir Sterling Pound,” Gallows chuckled, “Better known to the commoners as Lord Howitzer, hero of Dunkirk. —Welcome back to these shores, Diller. How is Old Man Perry?”
Diller sipped from his Glenlivet scotch and soda. “The Old Coot is hale and hearty, Bog praise him. Something important has come up however, which is the reason why Mr. Perry personally dispatched me to these shores to relay a confidential request in person; a request that you might take a liking to.”
Sir William made a cat’s cradle with his fingers. “Go on,” said he.
“An opportunity for a little revenge and mischief has presented itself. Stephen Shank, your prodigal runaway, has emerged on the Continent, after many years of obscurity in the States. Shank has embarked on a ‘mission’—a mission without fanfare, mind you, all for the betterment of humankind.”
“Well, we can’t have that,” replied Sir William, “but see here, Diller. What do you want me to do? This isn’t the good old days, you know.”
“Oh, nothing drastic. Where is the Bonny Black Prince when we need him?”
“If you only knew, Diller.”
Suddenly old Howitzer jerked his head up and bellowed with a spray of spittle, “Mister Prime Minister! Beheading this traitor, this Boney Black Prince, is entirely too SOFT a punishment for this halfbreed malcontent! He must be drawn and quartered and his arms and limbs be promptly displayed in all four quarters of the Realm! Except for his head, of course!”
'George' rushed over to give the old codger an injection.
“So sorry to disturb you, sirs,” he said to Gallows and Diller. “The very mention of the Bonny Black Prince tends to set him off these days.”
“That's quite alright, George! Do carry on,” said Gallows, earning a chuckle from Diller. The ‘Prince’ was a popular underground cult figure, hip-hop artist, and the self-titled ‘Prince of Anarchy’ who claimed that he was the ‘true firstborn bastard son’ of the Prince of Wales. He was also a convenient bogeyman, when Her Majesty’s Government needed someone other than themselves to blame when any black ops by MI6 ever went south.
Sir William leaned forward. “What does the Old Man suggest?”
“Wouldn’t it be just jolly to blow Shank’s cover? Shank is traveling with a chap named Michael Chen, onetime best-selling writer and visionary huckster. Without going into specifics — Mr. Perry will fill you in on that in private — these two are up to something that could possibly undermine some of our joint interests… like I said, something beneficial for the masses…”
Sir William opened his Monkberry tablet, and texted for a moment.
“Steve Shank…” he murmured, eyes on his screen. “Michael Chen… Table Foundation… Boffin Syznic?”
Gallows looked up from his tablet with raised eyebrows.
“Third Eye Patch? What the devil IS Shankers up to?”
“Our operatives tell us that this patch thing was conceived as some sort of meditative aid that helps people deal with their stresses and addictions… the implications—well, it might be a hoax, but some of our researchers at PerryPharm aren’t so sure, claiming that the concept is theoretically possible, which raises red flags. Despite his eccentricities, Boffin Syznic is a genius, an innovator, and a real wizard of digital. By the way, Syznic himself is financing this sightseeing tour, thanks to his very own non-profit ‘Table Foundation’ tax shelter.”
Both of them chuckled. William Gallows himself was on the boards of several foundations, which were primarily tax-dodging money laundering organizations.
“And what are they supposedly doing on this junket?”
“The official word is that Shank and Chen are investigating and compiling streams of world music, indigenous stuff, but we are not so sure. Syznic has always been a cagey operator, and keeps things close to the vest. Anyway, we think that Shank and Chen are currently somewhere in the Republic of Tuva, after a stopover in Baku.”
“Such popular vacation spots…”
“Info obtained from our operative in Istanbul confirms that Shank’s party will arrive in Delhi, next week. Our people would just love to see them sandbagged, outed, exposed, and ridiculed—and knowing of your desire to right the wrongs that Shank did to you, we thought that maybe we could help each other. You and the Old Man have mutual interests in the Consortium. Hands across the water and all of that rot.”
“Right. I suppose I can send somebody over there, and light a few matches under his toes.”
“Splendid!” said Diller, in his worst imitation Limey accent. He raised his hand to signal George for a nightcap. 



Book 5 The Center Of The Earth

25: Kyzyl Idyll and Ikil

June 30
Mike Chen finds himself sailing, sailing, sailing.
He glides ever closer toward the geographical center of the world, the great heartland where the peoples and tribes arise from fissures in the earth… and from there swarm outward in wave after wave to the south, east and west to conquer the meek, huddled civilizations in the river valleys. Armies march, and horsemen with bows of yew gallop across the endless steppes and plains. Wain-wagons laden with women, children and slaves make their way down two wheeled tracks of beaten down grass—

A bump of turbulence jolted Mike out of his daydream. No, it was only Rex Andromedas setting the jet on autopilot.
“Nature calls. I don’t even have to ask you not to touch anything, right?”
“You talking to me, Rex?”
Mike had come up into the cockpit to chat with Rex, and to enjoy the stupendous view, and what a view! Below them was all of Russia, once the stamping grounds of the Kazaks, Cossacks, and the Golden Horde. Alternating valley and forest, high barren mountains and barren scrubland steppes, stretched endlessly on the Earth’s curved horizon. Mike once again snapped out of his reverie when Rex slid back beside him into his pilot’s chair.
“You know, Mike, Boffin really went all out when he designed this bird, which gives even Air Force One a run for its money. The only thing we don’t have is weapons capability!”
Rex winked, and Mike replied, “You say Boffin designed this jet?”
Rex laughed. “Well, a lot of it. Aero engineering is not his field, but Boff is an engineer, and you know he has dozens of well connected friends, and all you need is cash! He knows the right people: designers, draftsmen, flight engineers, and only pays for the best. Daresay he would not have approached me had I not gotten a good recommendation from one or two of those guys! Ha!”
There was a burst of laughter from the back of the plane. Rex shook his head, at Shank’s snarky rudeness.
“I trust the Boffin, and he trusts me. And he obviously trusts you, even though you are new.”
“Right!” piped up Shank from the back, where he was playing a game of solitaire on one of the LCD screens, “Mike is our precious cargo, on an important mission concerning the betterment of all humankind. See how easygoing and good-natured he is? It is our job to make sure that no one cramps his style, Rex.”
Mike leaned back and gave Shank the finger.
“Who farted, Rex?”

Mike gazed out his window at a long blue river emptying into a vast lake. The cloud cover was spotty, and the passing puffy formations took on intricate ribbed patterns. Up above the clouds as they were, Mike found it all exhilarating and intoxicating. He had never been afraid of flying, and it was usually his ken to always trust the pilot absolutely.
(Never mind the several million dollars of Uncle Sam’s hardware once destroyed by the not-so-hot-shot Rex in his training days! The taxpayers, then as now, absorbed the damages, all in the name of National Security.)
It was a long journey, nearly five hours, and the scenery became monotonous. High above the steppes, as far as he could see, Mike noted the rolling hills, broken here and there by small green traces of rivers and streams, edged in birch. Here and there a lonely mountain appeared with sad brown slopes, exposed and bare.
Shank passed the time mostly lost in thought, playing games, writing in his own journal, or cross referencing video clips in a spreadsheet he kept on his laptop. Now and then, Rex would put on a piece of music, which would set off a series of catcalls or curses from Shank. Mike figured that it was an old routine from the two intrepid travelers.

It was after midnight when they touched down at Kyzyl Airport, a few kilometers south of the city proper.
“You might as well hang with the jet,” Rex told his groggy passengers. “At least until dawn, which is, um, five or so hours from now. Meanwhile, I’ve got to check in with the local fuzz. Hang loose.”
Mike gazed out the window at the silent terminal, and promptly went back to sleep. Shank chuckled. “Seen one airport, you’ve seen them all.”
He opened his Monkberry, and sure enough, Mimi was on top of things.

From: Mimi Syznic
To: M Chen, S Shank
Boffin has smoothed things over with the Tuvan and Russian authorities, and you will be welcomed through customs without a fuss. Rex Andromedas will take care of everything, including the hotel and car rentals.
I have communicated with the US Embassy in Moscow, and have learned that an American diplomatic mission is currently visiting Tuva State University, and I would appreciate it if you would pay a courtesy call to the Assistant Consul, Susan Python, who I have corresponded with, and is expecting you. The Table Foundation has taken this opportunity to sponsor a student exchange program with the University, so don’t be alarmed when Python requests that you pose for a picture with her—that’s what they do, and the photos won’t be posted until you are home, when the Foundation announces the program. So, look your best, guys! Python will introduce you to an old hand in Tuva, a Canadian by the name of Dr. Boris Konstanten, whose expertise is Tuvan Throat Singing, and will provide assistance and advice.
The extended weather forecast for the region calls for cooler than average temps, with highs in the upper 60s to low 70s, but the nights are quite cold, so be prepared, guys.

In the morning, after breezing through customs and security, Rex borrowed a luggage cart, and the three of them crossed the highway on foot, directly to the auto rental, conveniently opposite the main terminal. A Land Rover awaited them, and they stashed the cart at the rental agency.
Located less than a kilometer down the highway from the airport, was the Dick Feynman Hotel, a favorite of western travelers because its proximity to the airport, homey ground floor bungalows, and comfortable laid-back atmosphere.
“Wow, Mimi,” said Mike with admiration, “this place is perfect!”
After checking in, they made themselves at home in their secluded bungalow, shielded from the main hotel by a grove of stunted cypress trees. They each took a turn in the shower, and breakfasted on fresh fruit and cold cuts, before they proceeded to consume a case of Chinese beer. Rex stuck to coffee, because he was still ‘on the clock’.
Shank was curious about Rex’s luggage: Two slim steel attaché cases. Since leaving the jet, Rex had not left them out of his sight, or reach.
“Rex, what’s with the James Bond routine?”
“Never you mind, my fine boy. I have some other business to attend to, on the morrow. I have to deadhead down to Tashkent, that’s in Kazakhstan, for a few days.”
Shank raised his eyebrows, and Rex changed the subject.
“Let’s get acquainted with Tuva, and Kyzyl.”
Rex spread a map across the kitchen table.
“Tuva is a wonderful, fantastic place, if you can stand the cold. It’s got everything, boys: mountain ranges, pristine pine forests, sky blue lakes, rushing rivers that flow in all directions from their sources, and vast treeless grasslands as far as the eye can see. It is quite the place—some say the best place in Central Asia, and it has a fascinating history…”
Rex spoke of an old Tuvan legend of Alexander the Great, who rested his army in the great valley that in later years became known as Tashkent, along the old Silk Road. Before turning south toward the passes of Afghanistan and the river Indus, the great general sent a scouting expedition further north, which was never to be seen or heard from again. Once the Macedonians beheld the land of Tuva, they chose to desert and intermarry with Tuvan women, so said the legend. More than a thousand years later, the Khans overran the region, and introduced a strong Mongolian presence into the Tuvan ethic makeup. In more recent times, Stalin forcibly ‘settled’ ethnic Russians, Slavs and Germans to establish a solid Soviet European hegemony in the region, but his plan was only partially successful.
“Kyzyl is a good old town, friendly and hospitable as anywhere in the world. Yanks have always been welcome here. I stopped over here years ago, when I was doing a little job for our Uncle Samuel.”
Rex now spread out a map of Kyzyl and environs.
“We are here,” he pointed, “and here is the City Center, and the University. Take a little time to study this today, OK? Many people in the city speak English, and I understand that you know a bit of Russian, Shank?”
“I’ve forgotten most of it, Rex, just like I’ve lost most of my Greek…”
“You’ll be fine. How about you, Mike?”
“I’ve forgotten the few words of Cantonese my mother would allow to be spoken in our house, when I was growing up. I know a little Espanola, and that’s all.”
“No matter. —Right, let’s check our to-do list, from the Big Boss Lady.”
Rex read aloud from a printout, faxed from Mimi, via Rex’s fax machine on the jet.
“OK, Number One: Tomorrow morning, July 2, 9:00 AM, present yourselves to Susan Python, Assistant Consul, at the University, where you will meet Dr. Boris Konstanten, Tuvan Throat Singing Guru, who will assist you in any way he can. Don’t forget: Photo-op with Susan Python, and the University.
“Number Two: Rules of Conduct. The Tuvans are among the friendliest people in the world, and it always pays to be courteous and respectful, but don’t overdo it, and never patronize them. Just be your lovable selves. It wouldn’t hurt to bone up on some of this material that Mimi was thoughtful enough to pass along, OK, guys?
“Number Three: Politics. There are factions at odds with each other and the central government, and sometimes trouble raises up its ugly head. Several rebel groups are currently fighting —more like squabbling— among themselves, primarily in the southwestern regions bordering Kazakhstan. I wouldn’t worry too much about those jokers, but our State Department has issued a cautionary warning. Roving bands of outlaws have also been reported to be operating in the southern regions, harassing travelers and tourists. This is where I can give you a tip: Keep a few bindles of cash handy for any emergencies, outlaws, or police shakedowns, and you should survive with your skins intact. I did a little checking, and no tourists (to the best of my knowledge) have ever been killed or kidnapped, because the highwaymen would rather not have the army on their asses! Tuva is a pretty safe place, for this part of the world, but keep your credit cards in your shoes!
“Number Four: Before I go back to the airport, I want to remind you that in back of the Rover, there is a small gasoline powered generator, very handy for charging your electronics. There are two ten gallon gas cans, and don’t forget to keep them filled.
“Number Five: Bring a lot of bottled water and canned goods, as much as you can carry. Or else you might have some unpleasant experiences, believe me! It takes time for us Westerners to adapt to the water and cuisine, in this part of the world.”
It was time for Rex to go. He stood at the doorway looking natty in his airline captain’s uniform, ready to depart into the friendly skies.
“We’re booked here at the Feynman to July 7, and I should be back here in Kyzyl no later than the fifth. You two should be alright.”

July 2, Tuva State University
Shank and Mike had no trouble locating the university, a sprawling complex of Stalin-era concrete building blocks, and more modern additions, such as the cafeteria, where they were to meet with Susan Python and the American delegation, out of Moscow.
“This place doesn’t look that much different from a lot of campuses I’ve seen back home,” said Mike, as they entered the building.
“I hope Mimi didn’t blow our cover,” Shank grumbled. “You know, I kind of wanted us to stay under the radar, Chen.”
“Mimi says that we will be long gone from here, before word leaks out. Lighten up, Shankus.”
Susan Python turned out to be nothing like Mike imagined a State Department officer would look like. She was blonde, looked about twenty-five, and stood maybe four feet eleven inches. She wore a teenage boy’s sit and tie, with an Indian women’s headscarf, much like the one worn by Indira Gandhi. She rose from her lunch, and shook Mike’s hand, and Shank’s also.
“It’s such a pleasure to meet you. My parents are big fans of both of you!”
A tall beefy goon, also in a suit, rose and introduced himself.
“Bigeloux Ballou, Embassy Security.”
“Bigeloux is my shadow,” giggled Python.
Right, thought Mike.
“This is all so wonderful! We were just about ready to board our flight back to Moscow when we were notified by the Embassy to stand by for an incoming encrypted communiqué. Can you imagine our surprise and delight when Mrs. Syznic’s call came in? Ten scholarships! Very generous, and very good publicity for the United States!”
Not to mention a feather in your cap, Ms. Python, Shank thought dryly.
“We at the Foundation are only glad to help,” said Mike diplomatically, “and we are proud to be a part of establishing a lasting relationship with the people of Tuva.”
“Well said, Mr. Chen! As it is, we, the delegation, are returning to Moscow today, and I am so glad that we had a chance to meet, if only briefly. Would you like to meet the students?”
Python snapped her finger at a flunky, who left the table, and returned a few moments later leading a group of young people, giddy with excitement. A photographer appeared out of nowhere.
“Do you mind?” Python asked Mike, “We are on a tight schedule.”
She took Mike by the arm, and Shank followed. The group moved outside to a sunny courtyard, where they all posed with the smiling students.

“Oh goodness, duty calls!” Python shook their hands again. “Thank you very much, and Mrs. Syznic also!” She then lowered her voice in an aside to Mike.
“Good luck with your expedition, and please keep in touch. Mrs. Syznic has confided to me that your mission is of important cultural significance, and we can all use a lot more of that these days, to compete with American Idle! I have made enquiries, and have been assured by my security gurus that there is no reported rebel or outlaw activity in this region. Best of luck, and do look me up, if you ever pass through Moscow, or Foggy Bottom!”
Without another word, Susan Python made her exit, goons and flunkies in tow.
“What a rush,” said Shank.
A Mongolian woman of middle age walked up and introduced herself.
“Kushi Wing, Assistant Professor of Anthropology,” she said in Russian accented English. “I will escort you to Dr. Konstanten’s office. He is unable to, um, transverse himself across the campus. Come with me, please.”

Dr. Boris Konstanten’s office was in the Anthropology building, another ugly edifice left over from the Stalin era. Indeed, the good doctor was incapacitated: Both of his feet were in casts, and he sat in a wheelchair. He smiled as he greeted Mike and Shank.
“Water skiing accident,” he said with a laugh, “real stupid of me! —Boris Konstanten, by way of Toronto, at your service. Please sit down, gentlemen.”
Mike and Shank made themselves comfortable, as Konstanten wheeled himself across his office and returned with a few cans of Mongolian soda pop.
“Forget Coke, this stuff’s the real deal!”
Konstanten winked, as he opened his soda.
“Stephen Shank and Michael Chen, this is quite an honor. I must tell you that this is not the first time our paths have crossed. I saw both of you years ago, back in my Toronto days, although not at the same time, of course! I am very honored to meet you both, in the flesh.”
“Likewise,” replied Mike.
“I have been told that you are here to record Tuvan Throat Singing, using state of the art technology, and I approve, wholeheartedly! Most of the recordings that have been done over the years are of inferior quality that do no justice to the intricacies of the sonic properties of the wide octave range and properties of the sound waves in question here, and in fact I will postulate that NO recordings done to date have fully reproduced the fullness of the frequencies experienced by the human ear.”
“We are here to hopefully change that, Dr. Konstanten,” said Shank. “We are using a new analog/digital interface developed by Syznic Technologies, and we are very impressed with our results so far.”
Shank briefly recounted their experiences recording the Macedonian Monks, and the Sufi musicians in Istanbul.
“Splendid!” exclaimed Konstanten. “I would be honored to peer-review your project, if possible.”
“We will be only too happy to forward our results when our project comes to its conclusion,” said Mike, glancing at Shank, “and we will make sure that you get a disc.”
“Wonderful! Let us talk about throat singing, what it is, and where it stands at this point in time.”
As Konstanten explained, Tuvan Throat Singing was in decline, in the digi-world of the present.
“A lot of the younger people don’t want to bother with the old traditions and disciplines, and a lot of the older ‘Superstars’ have come to bad ends.”
It seemed that many of the last generation of established Throat Singing Masters let fame go to their heads, and lost their way, softened by easy living, substance abuse, womanizing, and general debauchery and decadence.
“Many of them have gone the way of Jimi Hendrix, Amy Winehouse, Jim Morrison… Don’t laugh, gentlemen! There are many parallels.”
“Are we too late?” asked Mike, quietly.
“Not at all,” replied Konstanten, “but you may have to spend a little extra time to find a good one. But wait—”
The Professor flipped a few cards on his desktop rolodex, and removed a card.
“There is someone, who just might be the best of his generation. I like him very much, but he has retreated from the scene… His name is Ikil Gotsbadayeh, and he lives in this region. However, he didn’t care for the last team that approached him, and he sent them on their merry way, after scaring the bejeesus out of them… Ikil is a very peculiar and eccentric individual who values his privacy, and hates the whole fame thing. He could have been rich, but has chosen to live his life like his ancestors, on the land. He lives about 200 kilometers from the city.”
Konstanten sketched a small map, and jotted a few lines on a sheet of paper, and handed it to Mike.
“The road shown here turns to dirt, hmm, maybe fifty klicks beyond the outer suburbs. It’s lonely country out that way. Bring plenty of water. Avoid drinking any stream water. E. coli, from the flocks. Driving a Rover, you say? Round trip, let’s see, bring extra gas cans.
“May I make a suggestion, Mr. Shank? Approach Ikil as a fellow musician and peer. Ikil is wary and suspicious of so-called scholars and ‘experts’. Go with the flow, and be patient. A lot of these patronizing  ‘musicologists’ and shucksters are always in a rush to ‘record the event’ and not sit back and enjoy the music. Share your food, and talk about things… help out with the chores. Do you understand where I’m coming from, gentlemen?”
“Absolutely, Dr. Konstanten. Thanks for the tip.”
Mike caught the Professor’s eye. “Can you recommend any translators?”
“Not right now, I’m sorry to say. I have a few fine fellows in my department, but it’s summer break, and they are all unavailable. I would love to come along, but, as you can see…”
They exchanged email addresses with Konstanten, and took their leave.
“Send me word, gentlemen, and give my regards to Ikil, and his wife!”

Once Mike and Shank had had crossed the quad and disappeared out of sight, Bigeloux Ballou stepped out from the bushes and entered the Anthropology building. He made his way down the corridor to Dr. K’s office. The door was open, and Ballou stepped inside, locking the door behind him.
Twenty minutes later, Ballou took his leave from a shaken and trembling Dr. Konstanten, who pulled a small bottle of vodka out of his desk and downed it in several gulps. He then put his head in his hands, and lay his forehead on his desk.

The travelers decided not to bother hiring a translator, and they set out right away on their quest to meet the mighty Ikil. Shank packed his traveling guitar, in anticipation of jamming with the Tuvan.
They drove through the suburbs, and near the outskirts of the city, they pulled over to a large concrete Quonset gas station and grocery, where they found a large selection of tinned goods. Because they didn’t know for sure how long they’d be out in the field, they bought an entire week’s worth. Alaskan salmon. Spam. Canned fruit and veggies. Baked beans. Some had labels in English, some in Russian, and some in Mongolian (with pictures on the cans for identification.) Shank also filled the gas cans from the pump out front, and stowed them in the back of the Rover. In the end, they dropped over $200 in American dollars on a very grateful shopkeeper.
They left the suburbs behind them, and located (with a little help from Dr. K’s map) Highway 13 NW, and headed out into Ikil Country.
“Boring,” said Shank, noting the bland scenery as he drove. Once out in open country, they passed a few villages along the highway, and at one, they stopped at a small cafe to fill their thermos with hot Turkish coffee. After buying a few sandwiches, they moved on, leaving the villages behind them.
Maybe one hundred kilometers west of Kyzyl the blacktop ended, and became hard packed gravel. They stopped at a little river with a old wooden bridge, ate their sandwiches, and washed them down with coffee, and bottled water.
“Konstanten says we shouldn’t drink the local water.” said Shank.
“Not to mention Rex’s warning,” replied Mike, “Do you think we have enough water?”
“We’ll find out.”

They drove all afternoon along a wide empty valley of grassland that sloped to the northwest, encountering no other vehicles, but they did pass a few grazing herds of horses, sheep, and yak. A few structures and yurts could be seen, but they were far and in between the great empty stretches before them. Once they had to slow down to a crawl to let a herdsman with a few goats cross the road. Finally, a structure came into view: A lone yurt stood on the side of a small hill, sheltered from the northern wind. A pair of horses were tethered out front, and a rather ferocious looking dog barked at their approach.
“This is it!” whooped Mike, “This must be the place!”
Shank pulled over so he could check his cheat-sheet and the GPS tracker. After a moment, he nodded.
“Konstanten’s mileage is a little off, but this should be the place.”
Ikil Hstranii Gotsbadayeh stepped outside from the yurt, dressed from head to toe in hides and a furry lambskin hat. He raised his right hand in the universal gesture of peace, but his left hand held a short Mongolian bow.
Shank explained to Mike, “He is extending welcome, but the bow is to remind us that he is armed, and will not hesitate to defend his home and animals.”
The man silenced the dog with one word and a gesture, and Shank and Mike climbed out of the Rover with hands outstretched, and smiles on their faces. Shank carried his traveling axe, which the Tuvan viewed with great interest.
Ikil was the proud owner of the only human habitation within twenty miles, and the even prouder owner of seventeen lambs, four yaks, and the two horses and dog tied up in front of the yurt. Ikil gestured in a universally understood manner for them to enter the yurt.
Inside, the yurt was lit with white gas lanterns, and the smell (what a smell!) of fermented yak butter. A small woman sat in a corner on a two legged stool (which was actually a saddle) and stirred a pot on a butane stove.
“Bolorerdene,” said Ikil, indicating the woman.
“Crystal Treasure,” replied Shank, reading from Dr. Konstanten’s cheat sheet. Bolorerdene smiled widely. Crystal Treasure was the English translation of her name.
“I wish we had one of Konstanten’s interpreters, Shankers.”
“I don’t think we need one. Interpreters in this part of the world can sometimes be more of a liability than you think. With the various factions going at each other, who’s to say we can even trust one? Look, Mike, we can get along without one. Just watch.”
Ikil handed them both cups of hot steaming fermented yak milk, the local intoxicant and icon of hospitality. Shank gulped it down quickly, but Mike was not as fast. He tried (and how he tried!) to keep it down, calculated, and made a beeline for the door. A frown crossed Ikil’s face. He had tried to make the westerner feel welcome. Wasn’t his wife’s yak milk good enough for them? But Shank signaled to him with a wave of his hand and a shake of his head, indicating that Mike was a wussy who couldn’t help himself, and to give him a break. He winked at Ikil, who smiled knowingly, and slapped his knee.
Shank pointed with interest at the small stringed instrument hanging on the wall, making motions, as if to play.
Ikil smiled, and handed the igil to him. Shank pulled out a guitar pick and began to pluck it, but Ikil shook his head negatively, and Shank handed the instrument back to him. Ikil took a bow from a nail where it hung from the wall of the yurt, and demonstrated the proper technique, as Shank shook his head in the affirmative, and exhaled an “aaah.”
 By using sign language and a mixture of Russian and broken English, Ikil bragged that his throat singing was honored and respected all the way to Kyzyl, where he once won a singing contest there. He proudly pointed to the trophy that sat on an altar table, along with a dozen golden icons, which included Saint Boris, Saint Ivan, and Saint Eleanor.
(Eleanor?)
Then Shank recalled that Eleanor was another name for Saint Helena, mother of the Emperor Constantine.
After warming up with a rhythmic drone in the key of D, Ikil began to sing. The music drew Mike back into the yurt with an embarrassed smile on his face, which remained a slight shade of green.
Ikil sang his songs to them all night. He demonstrated how the throat singers could imitate different animal cries in order to lure them closer to the arrow, and how they sang in distinct tonalities to herd the different flocks. The mightier singers could broadcast out across the valleys and steppes much like the Swiss alpenhorn-stockers and yodelers. Mike and Shank were both amazed how diverse herding societies shared so many similarities despite cultural and geographic isolation.
The Gotsbadayehs were pleased when the two travelers went out to the Rover and brought in their tins of spam, chili, chowder, and canned fruit. Mike also brought in a pocket sized windup radio that he had packed, and actually found an oldies station in Kyzyl, loud and clear! Ikil and Crystal Treasure ate heartily, enthusiastic at each new presentation. And as they all sang along with the chorus of Hey Jude, they all realized they were sharing an experience that they would never forget: Communion, and the simple pleasures of food, fellowship, and goodwill.
Mike and Shank wisely did not press to record Ikil on that first night, and their strategy paid off —they won Ikil’s trust. He consented to let them record him on the following day.
Shank pulled out the recorder from its carryall and set it up. Ikil and Crystal were intrigued to see themselves, and the interior of the yurt, reflected on the tiny screen.
Ikil was happy to play for them. Shank monitored the sound levels, as Mike worked the camera. As Ikil played and sang, Mike panned the camera about so the entire inner circumference of the yurt could be seen in the shot, which showcased all of the yurt dweller’s assorted utensils, weapons, tools and household objects. Mike was amazed at how these people actually survived out in this harsh, unforgiving environment, and seemingly thrived in it. He tried to imagine his own ancestors, who may have interacted with Ikil’s, perhaps in bloody conflict, during the age of the Khan and the Golden Horde.
That evening, Shank broke out his traveling guitar, to Ikil’s delight. They actually jammed for a while, and Shank coaxed Mike to sing a few numbers, including “Short Fat Fannie” and “Follow The Drinking Gourd”. Fortunately, Mike had remembered to pack a couple of blues harps. Ikil and Crystal Treasure applauded enthusiastically after each number.
The explorers spent two days and three nights with Ikil, learning much about him, his wife, and members of his family, long gone, departed years ago for the life in the big city (“You can’t keep them down on the farm wherever you are,” joked Mike in an aside to Shank.) They discovered that the fearsome dog was really a harmless pussycat, friendly toward the familiar, but ferocious toward strangers.
They recorded a lot of music, including a number of songs sung by Crystal Treasure. Shank and Mike asked many probing questions regarding the music, and how the tribes in this region of the world used these methods of singing to attract game, to impress each other, and to attune themselves to the natural world.
On the last morning, as Shank drove Ikil down the road to buy a load of firewood (from his next-door neighbor, 20 miles distant!) Crystal Treasure fixed Mike a nourishing breakfast, which he ate quickly. He finished the bowl of whatever it was, and patted his stomach, and Crystal Treasure beamed at him. After a polite interval, he took the video cam and went out to look at the vast landscape from the top of Ikil’s hill for the last time. Off to the west rose tall mountains. Puffy cotton candy clouds drifted across a sky of the deepest blue imaginable. A flock of birds wheeled southward, down from the tundra, on course toward the Himalayas.
Mike was already starting to dream about this special place, the view from Ikil’s yurt: The endless plains under the never-ending blue sky.
Upon returning to the yurt, Mike left the cam running when he found Crystal out in the yard milking the goat, and singing along to golden oldies on the windup radio.
In the jungle, the mighty jungle, the lion sleeps tonight!

It was time for Mike and Shank to bid farewell to Ikil and Crystal. They wrote their names and addresses on the backs of two postcards, and invited Ikil to email them the next time he was in Kyzyl, and they would be happy to respond. Ikil nodded; he wasn’t an ignorant peasant, having been to the city many times, and he would be going back before the onset of winter, to trade skins and Crystal’s handicrafts, for needed supplies.
Speaking of supplies, Mike took inventory of the canned food they had bought in Kyzyl.
“What were we thinking, Shank? We can feed a whole village with this stuff.”
“We can always unload it on the black market, you know,” winked Shank. Mike looked up from the canned goods, and looked about Ikil’s hut.
In the end, Mike stashed most of the canned goods, the windup radio, and one thousand dollars under a fur in the yurt, as Shank diverted Ikil and Crystal Treasure’s attention with a rendition of Oh! Suzanna, on his travel guitar.
Nonetheless, it was with some regret when they fired up the Rover and waved goodbye to Ikil and Crystal standing at the door of their yurt, who to Mike’s eyes were simplicity and adaptation to austerity personified, and he saluted them in his heart and mind.

They had traveled maybe twenty kilometers and were passing a deep ravine, when suddenly gunshots were heard off to their right. A bullet ricocheted off the fender of the Rover. Shouts and curses could be heard from the other side of the ravine; threats in English:
“Foreign infidels! Leave here NOW! Do NOT return! We do NOT want your faithless devil life! LEAVE US!”
Another gunshot rang out, this time shattering the windshield, forcing Shank to swerve and loose control of the steering wheel. He over-corrected the wheel, causing them to run off the track, flipping the Rover twice, before it came to rest (luckily) on its wheels. Both of them sat stunned for a minute, before their heartbeats returned to normal. All was eerily quiet, until Mike broke the silence.
“You alright, Shank?”
“I’ll let you know in the morning. Shit, my bum hurts, but I think I can walk. How about you, Chen?”
“I whacked my head on the roof, and I hope I didn’t get a hernia from this fucking seatbelt—”
“You would know, Chen, believe me…”
They cautiously got out to inspect the damage. Crouching low so they would not attract another shot (which never came), they inspected the exterior of the Rover. Their remaining box of canned goods had opened and spilled out over the ground, but their electronic gear had been packed well in their insulated cases.
“Oh bugger,” said Shank in a low voice. He looked almost inconsolable as he examined his travel guitar.
“Seven years and forty thousand miles and it takes just one moment to wreck it for good!” He held up the instrument, a tangle of strings and scraps of wood, unrecognizable now. “They couldn’t get us, but they gave the old El-Kabong to Gentle Sally here. Damn, I liked that guitar!”
In spite of the shock, Mike had to grin at Shank’s nonsense.
“Look at us! Who are we, Hope and Crosby in The Road To Kyzyl?”
“You know, Chen, for all the things we have been through together, I would say this is probably the most outrageously insufferable… Miles from nowhere, and we come to this place and the one bloomin’ thing I bring along for my own pleasure on this friggin’ excursion…”
“Earth to Shankus, it’s just a guitar. Never mind our delicate skins! My suggestion is we hightail it out of here, pronto, before whoever that was reloads and decides to come back after us.”
Shank threw the niggardly scraps onto the back seat of the Rover, and shook his head. “Gas cans. Water. Food.” 
The gas cans were intact, although food tins were scattered everywhere. They gathered what they could, and Shank did a quick inspection under the Rover.
“Let’s get out of here,” he said, brushing himself off. “I don’t think they’re following us, but let’s don’t press our luck.”
“I hope Ikil’s OK,” said Mike. “They won’t hassle him, do you think?”
Shank fired up the motor and the thing actually started.
“Damn!” yelled Shank, “Fasten your seatbelt, Chen!”
They circled the bottom of the ravine and headed back up to the track. Once topside, they took off at maximum speed, and made lickety-split headway out of the Valley of Death.
After about fifteen clicks down the road, Mike began to breath easier. He gazed at the scenery, and wished he had a fresh change of underwear. They didn’t talk much.
After some hours they crossed over the little bridge that had led them over the one and only flowing water they encountered on the trip, and soon enough, transmission wires reappeared, and the gravel road under them. Shank pulled over and poured the last of the gas into the tank, and Mike took over the wheel. One more hour brought them back to the two lane blacktop. In this fashion they reached a village, where they filled the tank.
“I feel like I’ve been beaten up,” said Mike.
“I know I have a broken toe,” Shank replied, “and a cut on my arse. That ‘attack’ feels a little fishy, Mike.”
“Fishy? You think anybody knows we’re here? Um, besides Dr. Konstanten…?”
Shank didn’t answer.
It was still more than a few more hours before they reached the suburbs of the city. They now were in cell-phone range, and Mike called Rex, to check in.
Rex, as usual, was upbeat. “You are right on schedule, boys! As a matter of fact, I’m doing a test run-through as we speak. We can boogie, first thing in the morning. Why don’t you get a good night’s sleep at the hotel. I’m going to hang with the jet tonight.”
On the way into the city, they pulled over at a monument purporting to be the ‘Center of Asia’, although Mike thought it was perhaps a legacy of the Stalin years and Soviet boasting. After enlisting a friendly fellow to take a few shots of themselves mugging at the Center of Asia, they next stopped at a restaurant in the city proper. The eatery was a little on the continental Russian side of things, so they ordered borscht with a plate of spicy sausage, which they washed down with weak Russian beer. After canned food, and Crystal Treasure’s cooking, it seemed like a feast.
“I almost forgot!” Shank pulled out his laptop and got an internet feed. He navigated to Yew Lube, and uploaded about three minutes worth of Ikil onto DoBoob, on his own ‘Orpheus’ channel. Before they left the restaurant, the DoBoob screen had registered a dozen or so hits. Comments began showing up, such as: “This guy is great! Can we get him onto American Idle?”

Home, sweet Kyzyl. Once they were settled in the bungalow behind the Feynman Hotel, they took turns soaking in the tub, before crashing hard.
First thing the next morning, they delivered the Rover to the rental agency, where the clerk wasn’t very happy with the condition of the rig. Shank slipped him a thousand dollars, and the fellow was suddenly very happy, and wished them a good trip.
“You got a cardboard box?” asked Shank. The guy went into a back room and returned with one. “USA, A-O-K,” he said.
They left the remaining canned goods next door at a mission displaying a red cross and a green crescent of Islam. Using their retrieved luggage cart, it was a was a short walk across the highway to the airport, where they found the jet idling on the tarmac. Rex was busy giving the bird a final check over with a couple of mechanics. The Rex Express was ready to go, awaiting clearance.
Rex frowned when he was told of the incident at the ravine.
“With me there, you bet I’d have given those little runts a bit of resistance!”
Mike raised his eyebrows. “Are you packing, Rex?”
Rex only smiled.

Yew Lube/YakMail from Mike Chen to Estrella Klein:
Isn’t it funny that after a brush with death, we whistle in the graveyard? It’s only starting to hit me now, I don’t know about Steve. Maybe they didn’t intend to kill us, but I have a feeling that they wouldn’t lose any sleep if they had! I hope our mission will help vanquish the dysfunctions and fears that still bedevil and plague the human race—

Estrella to Mike via Yew Lube/YakMail: 
Your story is quite compelling, Mike. Don’t laugh, but Alex and I said a thank you prayer to St. Christopher. I know, he never existed, but there it is. We are all eager for your safe return. I’m pretty busy down here at the Center. I wish I knew what I was doing! Jenny has appeared on a few local talk shows, and little notices are appearing in the press about you and Steve’s ‘Search for the Lost Chord’. So far, nothing good or bad, just curiosity—

Mike snapped out of his daydream and gazed down at Tiger Lily's dancing shadow on a patch of puffy white clouds below them. Tall jagged mountains could be seen far off on the horizon: The Himalayas. 
“Crystal Treasure…” he muttered to himself. 
Shank didn't look up from his laptop. “What's that, Chen?”
“Crystal Treasure! Remember that story Boffin told us down in the bunker?”
“Right, something about a whorehouse, and an old aborigine…”
“How about a Crystal, Shankers!”
“That's right, and that nasty old turtle! The fabled lost melody.”
“Buried near the center of the Earth in the northern mountains! How the hell did Boffin know…about Crystal Treasure?”
Shank thought about it for a moment.
“Boffin didn't know, Chen. Not really. Just a coincidence… sometimes things seem synchronous, even when they're not.”
“Maybe…” Mike settled down, and soon drifted off into dream-time again. Next stop, Kathmandu.

26: Beta, David, and the Man From PerryPharm

Beta and David met with the contact from Perry Pharmaceuticals in a luxury suite at the Oakland Airport Marriot. Mark Diller of PerryPharm looked like he came straight out of central casting. Being the hatchet man for the largest pharmaceutical company on the planet, he was tall, blond, and had shark’s even white teeth.
I’d like to meet his tailor, thought Beta, suppressing a belly laugh. His hair is perr-fect!
Diller looked them over. “Thanks for meeting me here. I’ve only just arrived from London, and I’m only here for a short stopover. I’ve been pretty busy.”
Diller paused and cleared his throat. “Sorry about this inconvenience, but that’s the way it is, so why don’t we just get these preliminaries out of the way.”
Diller then scanned Beta and Dave's bodies from head to toe with a small blinking device about the size of a flash drive. He paused to wink at Beta before he meticulously scanned every inch of her bosoms. Beta played along and winked right back at him.
Whatever!
(Beta was still completely ignorant of the Indigo Project and David’s implant, which was undetectable by even the most advanced scanners, including Diller’s.)
After a few minutes, Diller was satisfied. “Very good! Thanks, darling,” he said to Beta with another wink and a smile. He then turned to David and extended his hand.
“Thanks for being such a good sport, Cross. Good man. That being said, anything I say here will be denied. Let’s cut to the chase: PerryPharm, along with a few partners, is very interested in acquiring the Third Eye Patch.”
Just like that.
“This is out of Syznic’s league, Cross. He should stick to his gadgets. PerryPharm can bring this thing to market, faster, and better. You think Boffin Syznic can really get this thing past the regulators? We can, and make this thing widely available.”
“You can also squash it, bury it,” said David.
“What do you care, Counselor? Make this happen, and someone will make good things happen to you. How about one million good things?”
Diller turned to Beta. “That’s a finder’s fee. How about you, beautiful?”
Beta’s face remained impassive.
“We want to buy up the whole operation,” continued Diller. “Lock, stock, and barrel. It’s a very generous offer here, Cross. We expect Boffin Syznic will play hardball; that is to be expected. Money alone won’t convince him. We all know how passionate and idealistic he is, a great humanitarian. Listen, when all the wrinkles and details are ironed out, this little deal will end up over one billion dollars.”
Diller paused to let that sink in. Beta could hardly believe what she was hearing.
“Try to convince the others on your board. Think of all the humanitarian projects that can be funded! We really believe that PerryPharm is the most logical and effective entity to move the Patch forward. What do you say, Counselor?”
“Give me a week or so, to sort this all out,” said David. His mouth was dry. “I don’t even know if there is a Patch, yet.”
“It’s no secret that testing is already underway by your Dr. Dryer.”
Diller gave Beta a knowing wink.
“We know that the FDA is now playing ball, with reservations.”
“All the tests so far are exploratory,” said David. “This isn’t as easy as it sounds, Diller. The Table and Syznic Industries are separate entities, and—”
David’s voice trailed off, but Beta had a pretty good idea what he was thinking about. One million dollars! But David wasn’t privy to the technical details. In fact, nobody at the Table Foundation seemed to know anything about the Patch itself, including Dr. Lori Dryer. The Patch was a great enigma.
“There always is a way,” said Diller. “Take a week; how about two? Maybe someone can convince Mr. Syznic to see reason. There’s no reason for him to keep this to himself. Share, and share alike.”
Diller opened his briefcase, and handed David a memo. 
“Let the Table chew on this.”
David looked at the sheet, shook his head, and handed it to Beta. The proposal was unsigned, and made no specific mention of PerryPharm.
Diller closed his briefcase, and lit a cigarette.
“Peter Derringer now wants to crash the party.”
Diller held out his pack of cigarettes, and Beta took one. David waved them away.
“Derringer… isn’t he that video game guy?”
“Right, the one and only 'Derringer the Dominator', creator/designer of BodyBag. You’ve seen it, right? No? Well it’s really hardcore warfare and mayhem, the very best FX. Made him a billionaire. He’s also the brainiac behind Mackeyville Anti-Virus—”
“Oh, fucking great,” muttered David, “the nastiest one of all.”
Mackeyville was the most intrusive and bossiest anti-virus program on the market, licensed under exclusive contract with MacroEye Corporation’s Skylights systems, and universally hated.
Diller continued: “Derringer smells blood in the water. Under the rules of our Consortium, I have to accommodate him, and let him make his pitch.”
David looked uneasy. “I’ve heard that this Derringer guy designs ‘smart weapons’ for the Pentagon—”
“Right,” replied Diller, “Derringer has several Defense contracts; stuff like laser guided delivery systems, drone aircraft… I’ve met him before, and he is a real horse’s ass.”
Beta smiled to herself.
Speak for yourself, Diller!
They agreed to meet the following week, in San Francisco. On their way out, Mark Diller caught Beta’s eye, with a knowing look. His glance spoke volumes, and Beta nodded in recognition. Diller knew who was in charge.

Beta reviewed the ‘op’ in her mind, and took stock. She had given her all to get to this point. Her seduction of David Cross was complete, and she now owned him, fully. Agent Don White had not requested that she do this; she had acted on her own initiative. Sometimes sacrifices needed to be made, and time was of the essence, she repeatedly told herself. The sex (although extremely satisfying) meant absolutely nothing. It was a delicate balancing act, just to keep David in Jennifer Morgan’s good graces, while simultaneously keeping him on her own leash. Beta kept their sessions of yabyum down to only once or twice a week, and always reminded David that she really admired Jennifer Morgan, and that she would be the very first one to throw them a bouquet. It was totally insane, but the quality cannabis was very helpful in keeping David dazed and confused and totally under her thumb.
She was doing this for Don, her country, and Mike and David’s safety. Beta and Don White did not discuss any of this during their briefings, of course.
Beta’s thoughts returned to the greater mission. Don insisted that the Third Eye Patch would lead them to the OtherNet and Boffin Syznic’s plot to seize control of the cyber matrix, and to bring down society, and transform it into his own image.
It was clear that PerryPharm was only interested in acquiring this Third Eye Patch for their own bottom line. It certainly had nothing to do with Syznic’s mysterious ‘OtherNet’, as far as Beta could see. She didn’t care for the fact that Mark Diller knew a lot more than she did, and her natural curiosity (and intelligence) insisted that she obtain more information, despite Agent White’s firm policy of ‘need to know’ and ‘compartmentalized’ intelligence. She had ‘put out’ and given her all for Don and her country (and was still willing to go the extra mile), but she was tired of working in the dark. What information was Don withholding from her? If Syznic and the Table Foundation were terrorists, her need to protect Mike and David outweighed her patriotic duty to obey and trust Don without question. She wanted, needed, to know everything.
Beta Bronski was beginning to ‘go rogue’, as they say in the trade. She had to tread carefully here, because she was already thinking beyond Don White and the FBI. What did she want to do with the rest of her life, after her mission was concluded? She would not abandon her duty to her country, but opportunities awaited her. Beta knew that she had the ‘fire in her belly’ to succeed, and was up for any challenge that might come her way, because—
Because something big was looming on the horizon; something bigger than David Cross, the Table, Don White, and the FBI. A great seductive force was beckoning to her: The Way To Power. The pursuit of knowledge and making her mark on the world was the force that urged her onward into the dark and mysterious forest. And as she was leaving Mark Diller’s suite, Beta’s eyes met with Diller’s own, with shared understanding.
The whole wide world is waiting, how much do you want? is what Diller’s eyes told her own.

27: Spooks

FW Piltdown lit his twenty-seventh cigarette of the day as Gog of the Grove (via encrypted sat-com link) reviewed the transcript of Indigo Child David Cross and Agent Bronski's encounter with Mark Diller of PerryPharm.
“Some of this is pretty disjointed,” said Gog, “but I get the gist of it.”
“Correct,” replied FW. “My geek Mother Board thinks that Diller's scanner gizmo jammed up Indigo's reciever with some sort of feedback counter-frequency loop, or something like that. I'll spare you the technical details, but as you can see, a good portion of Diller's spiel is totally garbled but Indigo's responses are quite legible.”
“Indeed. Let's just cut to the chase: It's clear that Fister Perry desperately wants to nip this Third Eye business right in the bud, before Derringer or anyone else has a chance to raise the ante.” 
“So how shall we proceed, sir?”
“Softly, softly! Now that Perry has shown his hand, let Derringer the Dominator make his pitch.”
“Yes, sir.”

***

“The game is now in play, and the chess pieces are in motion.”
Boffin sat with Rem Peterson in the room of isolation. Rem was in a sour mood, because Bronski’s apartment was too secure to place a bug, likewise for her car.
“We will have to rely solely on my FBI sources, including the live feed on Cross,” Rem muttered as he fiddled around with the game console. “It didn’t take Bronski very long to get to Cross. That lucky fellow definitely has a charmed sex life, but unfortunately I have a ringside seat! Was this why I went into the detective business?”
“Different strokes, Rem. Better you than me.”
“This Diller character is so slick. We need to give Cross something that Old Man Perry can sink his dentures into.”
“—Ouch! But you are right, and I do have something in mind… Fister Perry seems to be jumping at the bit, with this Derringer jackass waiting in the wings… let's see if we can drive a bigger wedge between the big shots in ComCo. We need to consult with our Welsh Guru. He knows Derringer of old, and where all the bodies are buried over there at Mackeyville-McCool. You do know the Dominator’s profile—”
“Video Games. Anti-virus. Smart Weapons. Sick puppy. Richer than you, Boffin.”
“Something tells me this joker won’t be easy to fool. Therefore, Lori’s Patch One must be a convincing dummy, a ‘false flag’. I hope Lori will forgive me. The real tests will continue, under their noses, at the same locations…”
After Rem left, Boffin opened up his journal.
The vultures are beginning to circle, and we need to buy a little more time. Jenny’s no dummy, and the shit is about to hit the fan. I need to maneuver her to New York or LA for a week or two — the talk show circuit— That will give Dave and this Bronski character an opportunity to make their move. And when Jen gets back, I will bring her into the picture. Full disclosure. And I hope SHE forgives me. When this is all over, what are we going to do about David?
Meanwhile, Mike and Steve are somewhere in Central Asia. Things have to play out. I am confident that they will bring back what we need.

28: Kathmandu

July 6
Tiger Lily’s descent into Kathmandu was like the descent into a dream. Rex Andromedas guided the jet like a fluttering leaf that eased down easy onto the runway at the oasis of Kathmandu, which lay like a lily pad floating tranquilly along the Panchakanya Marga river. The towering Himalayas enticed the weary travelers with visions of Shangri-La, and the spires and temples of the city skyline offered teasing invitations of lotus petals, illumination, and enlightenment. Our weary travelers were more than content with the promise of soft, cozy hotel beds at their booked room at the Yak and Yeti Hotel.
As usual, Rex hung with the jet while Mike and Shank did the customs and security dance, and then flagged a taxi into town. They didn’t have much of an itinerary here in Nepal, with only one day and night to collect something, anything, of interest for their research.
After more than three weeks of hotels, airplanes and airports, Mike and Shank were pretty much full of each other, and there still was one more week of cramped quarters, hotel lobbies, and security checkpoints to go. There was only so many video games to play, magazines to read, and booze to drink. Something had to give.
Mike was getting burned out from the endless file-keeping.
“This is too much—we have more than 60 files, and 100 hours of music to sift through.”
“Right, although we can safely rule out more than half of it as junk, Chen. I think we need to spend a little more of our downtime to separate the wheat from the chaff, so we aren’t burdened with all of this stuff once we hit stateside.”
“This was supposed to be fun, Shankus.” 
“This is important research, son. It needs to be done, and it sure beats working!”
“What is your assessment, Professor?”
“I think we have done well, considering… there are so many other places on this planet to check out… the Atlas Mountains, Tonga, Burundi… personally, I have high hopes for the Macedonian monks, although I don’t think we can top the stuff we got from Ikil.” 
“I agree, but we may as well dig Kathmandu, right?”
The plan was to check out a Buddhist monastery and record sacred chants from this end of the world. Having already explored the Western version, it was now time for the men in saffron to take a bow.
Once in town, they rented a jeep, and arrived in due time at the Kopan Monastery. Mimi had set it all up, of course. Here, as in Galicnik, they were met by a monastery spokesman, a sort of public relations monk. He bowed, and the travelers did likewise. The little man introduced himself as Rinpoche Gyatso, and he called for an assembly with a crash of a gong.
The Buddhists arranged themselves in sitting fashion in several rows. As Gyatso rubbed the edges of a brass bowl with a wooden mallet, another monk played a small flute, and the monks began chanting in unison. There was no sense of harmony here; the monotonous tone of the AUM overreached and overarched into a long, long jumble of words that neither rose nor fell in pitch. Sometimes they took their time in elucidating a single word, and at other times the words ran connected together as though constructed by German typewriters.
“Whatever it is we are looking for, this ain't it,” Shank whispered to Mike, as they packed up their gear, following the presentation. Mike grinned, and muttered: “Let's still give 'em a donation, for honorable mention!”
Everybody posed for pictures, and after bidding farewell to Gyatso, they departed in their jeep and headed back across the river. As usual, Shank drove, and Mike gazed at the scenery. The Himalayas were majestic, almost overwhelming. After a week in Tuva, Kathmandu seemed like another planet.
Once in town, they visited the British Tea House, where over tea, biscuits and bowls of hot noodle soup, they discussed their next destination: India, the last stop on their ‘Search For The Lost Chord’.
The Buddhist monks had left Shank in a strange mood, Mike noticed.
“So much for the eternal AUM, Chen. Don’t get me wrong, I can dig it, but those monks just left me with a headache.”
“One more stop to go, Professor.”
“Right. Down we go into magical, mystical New Delhi. I’m not so sure if we will get anything that we can use, but I’ve always wanted to see the place, if only for a short stopover. Who knows what can happen?”
On their way out of the tea house, Shank noticed an outcaste monk that sat in an adjoining doorway with his little bowl and a little brass Buddha that held a burning stick of incense. A little sign was propped up against his bowl, with a message in three languages:
—Wo zhishi yige qiong haizi suiran hen shao gaosu wo de gushi.
—Maim sirpa eka gariba laraka hum. Meri kahani sayada hi kabhi bataya hai halanki.
—I am just a poor boy though my story’s seldom told.
As Shank placed some rupees in the wretch’s bowl, he spotted a tiny and almost inconsequential coin, and he impulsively palmed it. Shank did like collecting, and he figured that the rupees would more than make up for the little iron coin.
At this point in the expedition, Steve Shank was getting a bit restless. Recalling in his mind the good old days on tour with DMZ, when everybody got so road-crazy that they destroyed hotel furniture, tossed televisions out windows, and set off stink bombs.
Shank’s mind returned to the streets of Kathmandu, and he pocketed the almost worthless trifle, and rushed to keep up with Mike.
But the guilt that he would later experience over this theft would be considerable. It would plague him throughout the night, and hound him for the rest of the journey. He would hold it up against his character, his heritage, and everything he believed in. The deed threatened to facilitate his complete moral downfall, and he would curse himself for keeping the blasted coin.
That evening in the hotel, Shank kept this little peccadillo to himself, but Mike could sense that he was on edge. They worked on the recordings, and as usual, logged their notes from the day’s research. They also took a little time to check the email that had been stacking up for the past twenty-four hours.

Excerpt from a Yew Lube/YakMail from Jade Shank to Stephen Shank:
… anyway, Phineas is 18, so I can’t be accused of cradle robbing! You will really like him, Daddy. He really admires you, if that will make you feel any better! He’s already been accepted into SF State, by the way. Mom says hi, and is still looking for a place for me (hopefully out in the Haight?) Thanks again for the $ Daddy, I love you love you love you! By the way, Phrogg (my nickname for Phinny) found this killer game, totally horrorshow, called MY NEXT LIFE. You collect tally points for your good deeds (you have to be honest!) and then you can plan your very own personalized, customized afterlife! It’s really addicting and fun, so I am forwarding the link to you and Uncle Mike. Gotta go, Daddy—Phrogg is outside, honking his horn!

Mike drifted in and out of sleep. He was almost certain that the Deli Lama had visited him; whether or not he did it in a dream was unimportant. The Deli Lama was very concerned about Shankers.
“He’s in a lot of people’s psyches. Good Time Rock and Rollers. Some are old men now. He’s been a big disappointment to them, let them down…”
“They don’t know him,” said Mike, angrily. “They don’t know anything. Bunch of losers and arrested adolescents. Lots of people need to get a life.”
“Amen, brother,” said the Lama. “just ask Bob Dylan and Millie Vanilli—why, those dudes could tell you a thing or two. Volumes. Too many people have grudges and resentments. It’s sad.”
“I’d like to change all of that, Mr. Lama.”
“Ignore the Media, son. They are servants of the Great Eye of Ouroboros, and they are plotting and lurking in wait to sucker-punch you—you’ll see! Watch your asses—”
Mike woke with a start. No Deli Lama, only Shank’s faint snoring.
Shank stirred, and said groggily, “Wazzup.”
“Weird dream, man. I think the Deli Lama was telling me that the media, or somebody in the media, is preparing a hit on us. It’s going to happen before we get back home. Delhi is the end of the line, so it must be when we get to Delhi. The Lama has spoken, Shank.”
“We shall see, dear…” Shank was fading. “Back to bed, beautiful…”

29: David’s Dilemma

The stress was finally getting to David Cross. Juggling Jenny and Beta was getting to be too much. It was enough to make his head spin. Beta was now training her replacement, having found a career opportunity she couldn’t turn down. Dave could hang with that. So far Jennifer had not expressed much curiosity about David’s bad luck at keeping steady secretaries, most likely because more important things were happening. Jenny was spending more and more time out of town on Table Foundation business, and David found himself at loose ends, more often than not. Beta was always around, and her dope was always the best. She never forced herself on him, but rarely turned him away when he could duck out on Jennifer and drive on over to her apartment in San Francisco. He knew deep down that what he was doing was wrong, and he needed to get shut of Beta Bronski.
As for all of that dirty business with Agent Karen Silver, David had shut the entire spooky experience out of his mind altogether—at least on the surface. (Beta's quality dope helped immensely.) Evil Karen had not popped her head up even once since cutting him loose, following the Jenny Morgan sting. All of that was over, kaput. Maybe it never even happened. The past was past, the coast was clear, and David drifted mindlessly, aimlessly, in the present Be Here Now. 
A psychologist would call it a classic case of denial, a self-defense mechanism to prevent painful anxiety as a result of his intense guilt about what he had done to Jennifer. 
Oh, Jennifer…
Jennifer Morgan was everything he had spent his life looking for: a vital, independent and intelligent woman. (Not to mention beautiful and rich!) They went well together. Jenny was at the forefront of something that could revolutionize the world. David knew he would never find another like Jennifer Morgan. So what was he doing? Why was he doing it?
You might say that Beta Bronski had bewitched him. She made him feel alive in ways that Jenny did not, and could not compete —ecstasies indescribable, with nights in the stratosphere! Beta had a hold on him, a hold that wasn’t totally sexual. She was a force, a powerful force that he couldn’t quite put his finger on.
He knew he had to choose, before he lost everything. Meanwhile, the lure of a million dollars promised by Mark Diller was in the forefront of his mind. One million dollars! Dave was desperate for a break, and he irrationally prayed for guidance, and favorable results.

David submitted Diller’s proposal at an emergency meeting at Morgan Park. With Mike and Steve in Asia, and Estrella out of town on family business, only Jenny, Boffin, Mimi, Lori, and David were present.
Boffin scanned the single page memo. “This proposal is quite lucrative, Dave. One billion dollars. I am impressed.”
“Listen,” said Jenny, “I’ve been around, and I have never heard of a proposal like this. What gives, David?”
“I have no idea, Jen. All I know is that Mark Diller is the point-man for Perry Pharmaceuticals, and this is their pitch—”
Lori Dryer spoke up for the first time.
“I know who he is.” Lori's voice was icy with contempt. “Point Man? Mark Diller is more like the hatchet man for that sick old man, Fister Perry.”
David knew that Dr. Dryer had once been blackballed by the AMDO, at the urging of PerryPharm.
“Well, personally, I am quite flattered,” said Boffin, “but there are some problems with this most unorthodox proposal. For one thing, the Patch is only a concept, in the research and development stage —it doesn’t exist. The Table is a non-profit organization, and is not, and will not be involved, if and when the time comes for the Patch to move forward. The same goes for Syznic Industries. Any enquiries will have to be proposed to the Third Eye Corporation that will be formed at that time. So, all of this is moot, and the proposal is respectively rejected.”
Boffin looked around the table. The others all nodded their heads.
“Any other business?” said Jenny.

David and Jennifer stood in the glass foyer and waved to Boffin and Mimi, as they drove out the front gate.
“I wish you could play hooky for a few days, Dave.”
“Me too. —Man, the Big Apple! It would be great to sneak out of here and maybe check out some jazz, and galleries and stuff. Damn my frigging schedule, anyway!”
Jenny was leaving for New York in a few days to begin a media blitz to drum up publicity for the Foundation. Jenny was a natural on television, and was by far the Table’s best public face. The plan was that she might be gone for two weeks, maybe three. Dave was “booked up with court dates and negotiations” and couldn’t get away, at least for the immediate future. He was secretly relieved of course, because he needed a little more time to get his head together—and choose.
Outside in the parking lot, Jenny seized him in her arms and kissed him ravenously. She felt something hard on his lower back, and David winced aloud.
“O-M-G, what have you got back there?” Jenny’s fingers probed, and she looked up at his face in alarm. “David, are you alright?”
“It’s a back brace, Jen. I think I sprained it at the gym. I’ve already seen Dr. Nugh.”
The brace had been Beta’s idea, to give him a breather from Jenny.
“Poor boy, you better get home, and take it easy. Are you sure you can drive?”
David nodded, and they kissed again.
David let out a sigh of relief by the time he hit the freeway onramp, and thought that he had handled Jenny well. But he had only bad news for Diller and PerryPharm. The million dollar commission had been only a pipe dream, just too good to be true.
David gunned his gold Corvette south in the direction of the Bay Bridge. Destination: 1 Rincon Hill, where a bowl of the best cannabis and an evening of yabyum with Beta awaited him.

30: Delhi, My Next Life, and Home Again

July 8
Shankers and the Grasshopper emerged from the steel-winged gondola (gripped firmly in the talons of the great rainbow-hued bird Garuda), and they stepped fearlessly into the cauldron of chaos and confusion that was downtown New Delhi. It was hotter than Hades, and the air smelled of automotive exhaust, curry, and jostling humanity. This was the end of the line; the far side of the world.
After checking into their suite at the Hotel Taj Mahal, they stashed their overnight bags and went back outside, videocam in hand, to dig and record the carnival of life, having a day or so to obtain enlightenment, if not Nirvana.
Mike and Shank wandered the streets with their mouths agape and their eyes and ears wide open. Pop music was everywhere, from car radios, open windows, and young people carrying boom boxes. The very air throbbed with life, light, and sound.
Although Mike was digging it all, Shank seemed to be preoccupied, agitated, and a little bit paranoid.
“Not much different from any city in the world,” Mike remarked to Shank, “although every town has it’s own unique pulse.”
“We might be wasting our time here, Chen. I love the music of India, especially the tonalities, but I’m not so sure about the rigid rhythmic structures…”
“That’s OK, Shankus. I felt the same way about those Fasil dudes back in Istanbul. Look, it’s only a one day stopover. We can still get some good visuals, for the documentary.”
Their current ‘plan’ was to release a documentary, complete with a soundtrack, if enough quality footage was available, all of which would provide additional cover for their real mission, which was to discover the elusive Lost Chord—the Calming Algorithm, essential for Dr. Lori Dryer’s upcoming Patch tests.
Mike chuckled. “Have you played Jade’s new game, Stephanos? Rex is really into it, like he’s really been zapped.”
“I noticed. I did check it out, Grasshopper. Digital salvation. Not really my cup of tea, but if it gets you through the night… it seems to be an updated version of the medieval indulgence phenomenon, when you think about it.”
“Well, Rex is already in over his head. —Hmm, what have we got here?”
They ambled into the public square near Chandi Chowk, where a Krishna ceremony was in progress, with towering jagganarthas on wagons towed by dozens of saffron robed mendicants. On each wagon sat a pair of lead singers, and the entire procession sang along.
“Hare Krishna, Hare Rama, Hare Yamuna, Hare Bol…”
Shank had his fill of the Hare Krishna thing back in London, during his formative years, and also on the streets of San Francisco and Berkeley, after he crossed the water. He still remembered the obnoxious cries and catcalls— (Convert or perish, o thou flesh-eater! You will be a dog in your next life, for sure if you do not get on the holy road with Krishna!)
“I don’t think any of this shit is usable for our purposes, Chen. Oh, a couple minutes won’t hurt. Do you have that thing rolling?”
Mike nodded. They trailed behind the throng as it headed for the wharves of the Yamuna River, but as the jagganarthas tumbled into the water, they turned back, and once more found themselves at the square. Now there was a different scene: several musicians were singing a hymn to Allah, as dozens of Muslim followers chanted along and thrust poles and sticks heavenward.
“Do you get the feeling that this could maybe even get ugly?” asked Mike.
“This has been going on for centuries, but you are right. Let’s go get a drink, and see if we can find some serious sitar and tabla hepcats—”

Mike and Shank did manage to record some decent music during the day, and even Shank admitted that some of it had potential, as they trudged up to the entrance of the Taj Mahal Hotel in the baking heat of late afternoon.
“I love the sitar myself, but we can safely rule out most of that stuff, being too, um, brittle for our purposes. How about that bloke on the sarangi, along with that tambura drone backup—”
“Totally out there, Shankers! That little thingy sure sounds just like a human voice.”
“It takes a Master, Grasshopper—hmm, what's this?”
A very strange-looking man approached them, and Shank squinted at him in the sun-glare. “What the bloody hell?”
The newcomer was an Anglo with a vaguely familiar face, with a gap-toothed smile, and a Englishman’s pasty pale complexion. He was skinny little dude with receding red hair, glasses, and a khaki traveler’s suit and hat, complete with a camera, and tape recorder on straps around his neck. He held a microphone with a BBC logo.
Shank closed his eyes, certain that cosmic retribution had caught up to him for the Crime of the Century: his theft of the coin from the beggar’s bowl in Kathmandu.
The grinning Englishman striding up the sidewalk was a specter from his past, and a harbinger of fear, loathing, and guaranteed heartburn and stomach gas.

The specter’s name was Nigel Flinth. Flinth was a notorious and puissant London music critic, who had moved up to bigger and better things, and was now a roving freelance journalist for the BBC, and the UK-based Gallows Media newspaper empire. A contemporary of Steve Shank, he had in fact attended the same boarding school as Shank and Colin (Enrique De Sade) Sedgewick. Shank and De Sade had taken Flinth, an orphan, under their wing, and provided him protection in the nightmare environment that was (and still is) the British Boarding School. After graduation, they lost contact for a few years, and the rest is ‘history’. Shank formed DMZ, and became a legend in the UK music scene, and Flinth became a reporter for a fledgling newspaper in the city of London.
Then came the years when the honeymoon ended, and the media, including Nigel Flinth, turned on Shank, with ferocious hostility. Flinth was the guy who wrote that DMZ “should off and bomb themselves into submission” after the infamous Roundhouse gig, which had split the fans of DMZ into separate and irreversibly hostile camps.
When Shank discovered that his own mentor and manager, William Gallows, was in fact a ruthless gangster and killer, he fled to the States soon after. It turned out that Gallows had been ripping off Shank and the band for years, and Shank got wise. He later estimated that Gallows had hosed the band for maybe ten million pounds.
Shank settled in the Bay Area to be near his mother, started over from scratch, and became one the most sought-after session musicians, and composer of soundtracks. He went back to school, and earned degrees in Musicology and Astronomy.
Meanwhile, Nigel Flinth moved up the journalistic ladder, and as for William Gallows, well, he was knighted by the Queen in 1995, and the rest is history.

Shank let out an audible sigh as the grinning specter strode right up to him and pointed a microphone right into his face.
“Mike, meet Nigel Flinth: false friend, betrayer of trust, arse-licker, and all-around sewage eel.”
“Good afternoon, Shank! Long time no see. So good to meet you here in Delhi! Please, I have a few questions for you. Tell me all about the fantastic Patch!”
Shank and Mike exchanged quizzical looks.
“Patch? You mean like cabbage patch? What are you doing here, Flinth?”
“Oh, come now, Shankers. The Third Eye Patch is in the news, although it’s not yet a household word. I intend to change all of that.”
Mike stepped into the exchange. “Actually, Mr. Funt, we are here in India doing musical research. And we really are quite tired, dusty, and thirsty. We would like to knock a few tired soldiers over and then retire for the evening, if you don’t particularly mind.”
But there was no discouraging Flinth, who pointed his microphone back at Shank.
“The cat is out of the bag now, and people are starting to talk about this Third Eye Patch. Lots of weird stories are going around. Don’t you want to set the record straight, Shankers?”
“There is no record, Flinth.”
“My sources tell me otherwise. Let me assure you that I will be fair and balanced.”
Shank was hot and tired, and near the end of his patience.
“Stop badgering me, Flinth, or I will break your arm. Please don’t make me stoop to that, because I would never forgive you.”
“Allow me, then, gentlemen, to buy you a drink. Where are you staying—oh, right here at the Taj Mahal, of course!”
Shank shook his head, and did some mental calculations. Chen had been so right on the money about the media catching up to them, damn their eyes! They had to tread carefully here, and hopefully they could send Flinth off on a tangent, a wild goose chase…
“Drink? With you, Brutus? Only if you insist, Flinth. We are in a public place, and fortunately for you there are too many witnesses about so I will remain polite, if only for their sake. But I have not forgotten your choice words, and double-crosses. Could you expect me not to?”
“Ah, Shank, that was long ago. We’ve both grown up now, haven’t we? Look, I am here on behalf of the BBC. Our Science and Technology editors have specific questions about this Third Eye Patch, and Boffin Syznic and his bloody Table Foundation.”
Mike was all blandness: “Hey, have you heard the latest? There’s a new invention that’s all the rage these days. Get this, they call them air conditioners. Let’s say we get out of the frigging sun, OK?”
And with that they all strode into the hotel. Flinth directed them to the bar, where they sat themselves at the nearest table that would accommodate the three of them. Drinks were brought by a young woman in an electric blue sari who placed them at the table with a slight bow. Nothing too fancy, simple Tanqueray on ice for Shank, and a Singapore Sling for Mike. Flinth had very warm and fizzy ale.
“The Third Eye Patch,” said Flinth, wiping beer foam from his mustache, “The world is waiting, Shankers. The whole world wants to, needs, to know.”
“Like I said, the matter isn’t open for discussion, Flinth. We are neither at liberty, nor are we able to make decisions at this time, being as we are, quite far in both distance, and communication, from any of the sources from which you might have heard—these rumors.”
Shank made a gesture with his hand to indicate that the subject was closed for discussion. With something of a shrug and harrumph, he pulled his laptop out and flipped it open, right there at the table.
“I say, Flinth, are you aware of the concept of karma?”
“I daresay, Shank, how can I not? Here we are at Karma Central.”
“Precisely.”
Shank went through some motions on the computer and as he got the screen he wanted, he turned it for both Mike and Nigel to see.
“I am bringing up this website so I can update my karma.”
An image of the Pearly Gates appeared on the computer screen. Three angels materialized: one stood in front of the gate, and the other two stood guard on either side- and the glittery words ‘My Next Life ®’ appeared in the clouds, illuminated by inspirational sunbeams.
“Well, Nigel, I have to get busy now. My daughter Jade is a big fan of this website, and she’s even roped me into getting my own avatar and taking part myself in this, uh, venture.”  
Nigel was fascinated. “I take it this is another new virtual reality game?”
“Bingo, Nigel, and it’s something you ought to try. You see, if you spend your entire life hoping for a better one next time around, without doing anything to actually make progress, then how do you expect—how can anyone expect to receive the Kingdom and the Glory? Especially when you live in a world of men with base, low desires as we know we all are afflicted with—you know, Original Sin.”
“Shank, now you are being philosophical. I think the game probably is fun, but I wouldn’t take it so seriously.”
“Then I could certainly use your help in explaining that to my girl Jade! Look, the goal of this damned game is to create your next life by doing good deeds in this one. Each time you make a nice thing happen in the real world counts toward your total score. As you can see, I have much to do, much to do before I run out of time… time is so precious… precious…”
Shank’s voice trailed off as he concentrated, lost in the game.
Mike began to drift himself. The long hot day and the drink had done the trick.
“We really have to get going, Mr. Flint. I must tell you that Shankus can’t help himself, he’s too far gone. He really does have a lot of things on his mind, er, conscience, at the moment, but really, honest to Bog, we have been traveling for weeks now and all we want to do is to crash. Can we get a rain check on all this talking?”
“OK, Mr. Chen, that is your name, right?” Flinth finished his beer, and stood. “I can be a friend, you know. Help me out, and I can post a favorable story! It’s a two-way street here.” 
“Only if you give me full editorial control and a piece of the action. I'll be generous and settle for thirty percent. I do have a new book to promote, you know! What do you say?”
Flinth opened his mouth in astonishment, closed it, and left without another word. Shank sighed, and shut his laptop.
“Thank Bog we fly out of here tomorrow, Grasshopper!”

Morning hotel phone ringing ringing ringing.
Shank answered without opening his eyes. “How many times have I told you not to call me at the office.”
It was the hotel desk. “You have a visitor, Masters Chen and Shank. One Sahib Flinth to see you. Shall we send him up?”
“No! Tell him we will meet him at the bar in fifteen minutes.”
They had overslept, and Flinth had unknowingly saved their asses. Rex was on a tight schedule.
Shank actually whistled a tune, as they made ready for the flight out. Both of them grew more cheerful as they commiserated on the price of fame and of the need to hide their true agenda. Mike noticed a change in Shank’s mood: he seemed more upbeat, and more accepting of the current situation, bizarre as it was.
“That Flinth fellow is sure persistent, Shankus. Are we going to give him any red meat to chew on?”
“Absolutely not! I’ll divert him again with more of that stupid My Next Life bullocks. Let's find a place to stash our luggage, so he doesn't get wind that we are blowing town.”
After they stowed their baggage with the desk clerk in the lobby, they entered the bar and ordered coffees. Flinth sat at a nearby table and didn't even look up from his laptop when Shank and Mike seated themselves across from him like it was the most natural thing to do in the world, almost as if the three of them were fellow tourists on the same Magical Mystery Tour bus. Flinth's eyes were bloodshot and his bony fingers danced across his Monkberry laptop keyboard. 
“Bully now, Shankers! This My Next Life is absolutely wizard! I am already registered and in the process of setting up my personal avatar—did you know that you can transfer your Karma Points from NoseBook to get a beginning Karmic Balance?”
“Of course!” 
Shank knew damn well that the bloody game was created for the sole purpose of ‘appro-pirating’ the user’s NoseBook information and data-mining it for selling points.
“Well Shank, I must say that it’s quite the impressive little habit-forming entertainment! Why, now both believers and atheists have an equal chance at a level playing field, in the vast matrix of cyberspace!””
“Indeed.”
Whatever gets you through the night, Flinth.
Nigel clicked on the tab that read Akashic Record.
“Apparently, I have been a VERY bad boy.”
“Well, we all knew that when you joined Rolling Stone, didn’t we?”
“You sound so bitter, Shankers.”
Shank chuckled and sipped from his coffee. After a few more minutes, Flinth finally looked up from his laptop.
“Right! Damn fine game, top notch! But let’s get back to business. Let me ask YOU again, Mr. Chen, just what is all of this ballyhoo about this Third Eye Patch? Is it some sort of interactive gizmo?”
“Having flunked Boolean algebra, I can't really describe it properly, dig? It came to me… in a dream… It’s still on the drawing board, kind of like warp-speed or hyper-drive, you know what I mean? Think of it as a ‘cosmic decoder ring’. Highly hypothetical, of course.”
Shank suppressed a smirk, as Flinth harrumphed and grumbled.
“Well then, gentlemen, have your laugh and play dumb, but let me warn you that I’m not so easily dissuaded. I can make or break you and this Patch nonsense, having more than a million loyal followers on my NoseBook and Twattle accounts. You'll see! I will be seeing you again—you can bank on it.”
Flinth then slammed the laptop shut and strode away dramatically. Both Chen and Shank found themselves unconsciously sighing in relief.
“What a drama queen,” said Mike.
“He’s a prissy bitch,” replied Shank, “Just you wait and see.”
What more could Delhi bring? As it turned out, that was the worst of it. After making sure that the coast was clear, they recovered their luggage, flagged a cab, and made it on time to the airport, where Tiger Lily was waiting on the tarmac with her hatch open wide in welcome. Inside, they found Rex in the plane’s cabin (also!) with his own copy of My Next Life up on the LCD.
“We’ll be lifting off in just a few more minutes—right—let me tabulate my GoodDeed points for the day… anyway, we will refuel in Singapore, where I might make a six hour stopover so I can look up a good friend of mine—she works for a rival airline! Last but not least, fuel in Honolulu and then direct to San Jose. I just need to brush up a few things here and then I’ll burn the engines. Do you guys need anything? I’ve restocked the entire fridge—do check out the rice beer, direct from Viet Nam!”
“Let’s get out of this hellhole before the Lords of Karma catch up with us, Rex!” yelled Shank. He opened his beer a little too fast, and sprayed suds all over himself.
“Yahoo!” yelled Mike.
Rex hurriedly finished his new account updates with “Gabriel, Peter, and Zachariah,” (the three Angels of My Next Life) and proceeded to get them out of Delhi. As the jet sped down the runway through shimmering waves of heat-ripple and lurched upward into the blue, Mike knew that the first stage of his own quest was over. There would be more difficult problems to solve up ahead. Home, and Estrella awaited. Somewhere in the midst of the journey he had left a piece of himself, whether in Greece, Macedonia, Turkey, Tuva, Nepal, or India. But he also took an equal piece of those places and experiences with him. He also had a better understanding (at the very least!) of the life his friend Steve Shank had led, and where he was going.

July 11
The whole world was the blue-green ocean until the emerald green island of Oahu drifted into view, as the jet approached from the southwest, and the looming cliffs of the Pali dominated the view from Mike’s window. He could make out Pearl Harbor and the hotel-lined beaches of Waikiki below, and against a darkening blue gloom, rose the grey-green slope of Diamond Head.
Air Rex touched down and taxied to a stop, and from out of the runway wings came the pit crews. A little golf cart with three young island women bearing leis, pulled up to the jet where a smiling Rex accepted the leis, after kissing all three of them. He tossed two up to Mike and Shank, waving from the opened hatchway. Draping the third over his neck, Rex gave each girl a final squeeze.
“I’ll see you girls next time, I promise! Flower power. My word.”
Shank hid behind his dark glasses, and brooded. Another five hours and they’d be back on the mainland, where surely events and situations were brewing faster than a boiling kettle.
“Boffin has planted a rumor that we are bound for Los Angeles, Chen.”
“I heard. Hee-hee, that poor bugger Flinth—”
Rex’s home base was San Jose, not Southern California.
“Hey, check this out. Boffin passed it along, and it’s one laugh riot.”
Mike passed the laptop over to Shank. “Gird yourself, Shankus.”
It was a portion of Flinth’s BBC On Line Blog, posted the day before.
“The Ugly Americans,” Shank recited aloud, “Rumors Confirmed.”
“That’s us, you know.” 
“Oh yes, welcome to the snake pit, son.”
“Hell, I’m no stranger to bad reviews, but this Flinth cat doesn't sound like a very happy camper for some reason—”
“Well, we did ditch the little bugger back in Delhi, and diverted him to LA.”
Shank read on, reciting out loud in a good imitation of Nigel Flinth:
“Onetime golden boy of the UK Music Scene’s glorious Third Wave, Steve Shank of DMZ fame, has sold out and jumped the bloody corporate shark, which is old news for some of us who still toil in the London Music Mines. Shank, who renounced his British citizenship long ago, seems to have joined that infamous club of vampires who loot the Third World of its rich culture, and to make use of it as a feeding trough of basic tracks for their sorry-ass attempts to provide ‘product’ for their American Corporate Masters. Yes, card-carrying Republican Stephen Shank is ‘collecting’ music from unknowing and unwitting indigenous artists from Greece to Asia. Along for the ride is New Age Hack and Has-Been, Mike Chen, who these days is a hustler in the employ of Yankee Billionaire Boffin Syznic. I caught up with the pair in Delhi, and they clearly did not want to answer any inconvenient questions about Chen’s fraudulent ‘Third Eye Patch’, this year’s pet rock or mood ring, and obviously some sort of New Age Ponzi Scheme.”
“Curses—that little bugger is on to our con,” chuckled Mike. “You really grew up with that guy?”
“Ain't life funny, Grasshopper?”

Halfway from Hawaii to San Jose, Rex strolled back to the main cabin, startling Mike for a second. “Auto-pilot,” he said, and Mike nodded.
“I know, Rex. It’s still weird, you know?”
“Weird? It’s downright insane, my boy.” Rex winked at Shank. “Guys, I’ve got some leftovers from the mystic land that need to be made gone before we touch down.” He opened his palm, to reveal a couple of yellowish clumps. “Don’t worry, Mike. I never partake on duty.”
Shank took the hash balls, and Rex winked.
“Use the hot plate, please. Dispose of it all. I’m going to pipe in something good.”
Rex took a soda out of the cooler, and headed back to the cockpit.
“Well, Mike?” said Shank, who flicked on the hot plate, “what do you say?”
“Why not? I’ve been pretty good since Samos, and all that decadence.”
“Grab a couple straws.”
Rex’s voice came over the speaker. “Dark Star, Rotterdam, 1972.”
“Bloody hell, Rex,” muttered Shank. As the music started, low and moody, the hash started bubbling on the plate. “Watch this, Mike.”
The bubble started to smoke, and Shank began to inhale through the straw, gesturing for Mike to do the same. They got two good hits each, and Mike settled back into his seat, and closed his eyes. The music started to get louder, and intense. The Static Sphere of his dreams teased him, as the music took him in. ‘Civilization’ lay ahead.

Book 6 Patch

31: Akhenaten

July 7, FW Piltdown’s Command Post, San Francisco
F. Walker Piltdown was up bright and early at his workstation for his morning briefing. The printout informed him that Jennifer Morgan was in the air, en route to New York City for a ‘publicity and business trip’. Three days ago she had booked the flight and a three-room suite at the Jewel, across from Rockenheimer Center in midtown Manhattan. FW jotted down on his daily cheat-sheet: Morgan on schedule. Keep on top of this. Next on the list was a summary of Dr. Lori Dryer’s preliminary nicotine testing results, thanks to Beta Bronski. The material was technical and not very interesting, and he slashed impatiently across the sheet: Give me some red meat, Bronski!
FW rubbed his temples. Everything was in motion. Beta Bronski had her eyes and ears (among other things!) on David Cross and the Table Foundation. Sir William Gallows and his media contacts in London and New York were on board with the dirty tricks, with operatives standing by, ready to sandbag Morgan in the Big Apple.
All eyes were focused on the Third Eye Patch, which was all well and good, but everybody, from Gog on up to the President himself, seemed to have lost sight on the primary mission here—the goddamned OtherNet! 
Piltdown was extremely frustrated that there was absolutely ZERO intel forthcoming on the freaking OtherNet. Oh, there was the usual utopian chatter on the Net, mostly from masturbating morons in their parents’ basements, and Piltdown did not have the resources to investigate every one of these jack-off jokers.
Only peace, love, and unicorns emanated from the hidden bugs in Morgan’s headquarters and selected telephones and computers. Ditto for David Cross. Syznic Industries was likewise sown up tight. Curse that demon Syznic! And what about this Guru character? What was he up to? FW had absolutely nothing to present to Gog and the President, absolutely nothing!
FW was chanting a short prayer to Beelzebub for strength when Agent V stuck his head through FW’s office door.
“Turn on your TV. Any business channel.”

The press event had been scheduled for 10:00 am, before it got too hot. Foxy Hollywood starlet Emma Godaddy skipped up to the microphone to kick things off. Barely legal Emma was wearing something gold, as far as Boffin could see. Her sunglasses were almost as big as her outfit, which wasn’t much. She stood in front of something large covered with a colorful tarp, which displayed an Eye of Horus.
“Hello Sacramento!” Foxy Emma’s husky voice rolled and echoed over the gathering crowd. “It is my pleasure and privilege to introduce some brilliant entrepreneurs who are doing their part in saving this planet, and preserving our diminishing resources for our children, and their children’s children—”
The crowd roared its approval. Mimi raised her eyebrows and said in an aside to Boffin, “I doubt if young Emma has any kids! Did you really write this drivel?”
“Yup,” replied Boffin, “I wanted Estrella to come up with something, but she has her hands full.”
The girl chattered on until she caught a signal from a flunky.
“OK! The man who we have all been waiting for; California’s favorite son and last best hope—The Moon Man himself: Governor Jerry MOONE!”
The crowd roared again; many calls of ‘Moone-Moone-Moone’ were heard throughout and around the steps and beyond. A mariachi band struck up ‘The Lonely Bull’ as Emma gave the Moon Man a big hug, and then danced her way over to the sidelines to stand next to Boffin and Mimi.
The Moon Man began: “It’s always good to announce good news! A great day for California, the United States, and the World. I am here on the steps of our State Capitol to announce a venture that will revolutionize the Alternative Energy Industry and provide jobs for more than 5,000 Californians.”
The crowd drowned out the end of his last sentence.
“Without further ado, I present to you —Akhenaten!”
Moone yanked the cover loose, and the over-sized solar panel glowed and shimmered in the sunlight.
“Three Business Giants of Great Vision have come together for this ground-breaking venture; one that when fully implemented, will reduce the cost of solar energy by up to 30%. The jobs will be in three locations in the Central Valley.”
Massive roar from the crowd. The Moon Man talked on, while Boffin girded himself for the spotlight.
“First; from Tiko Industries of Tokyo, Japan—Misome Akawi!”
A tall silver-haired Japanese gentleman stepped forward.
“Secondly; Siggam Sweiter of Sweiter Corporation, Bremen Germany!”
A stocky guy with a crew cut waved to the crowd.
“And last, but not least, California’s Very Own Doctor of Digital, the one and only BOFFIN SYZNIC!”
Although Boffin Syznic’s name was not as yet a household word, he got an enthusiastic round of applause from the crowd as he rolled his wheelchair out to center stage where the Moon Man handed him a wireless microphone.
“Thank you, Gov. Moone, and the people of California.” Boffin’s voice was rough and gravelly. “I love this State which has given me so much success, and I feel it is time to give something back…”
Which was a load of whale shit, thought Boffin with an inward smirk, we did it all ourselves without any help from anybody, except for maybe Uncle Duck—
“And after many years of talking about Alternative Energy, some friends and I decided to put our money where our mouths are, and do something about it.”
The crowd erupted.
“That is why Tiko, Sweiter, and Syznic Industries each have invested $200,000,000; I repeat $200 million each, into this venture—”
The crowd oohed and awed.
“A lot of people have contributed to this new breakthrough in cost-cutting Solar Technology; too many to mention here. You know who you are! But I want to especially thank Guru Abbryggdd, the wizard who helped put us over the top in realizing this great step forward. Take a bow, Guru!”
The Guru, almost hidden from view in a large fedora and black shades, quickly stepped forward, waved, and quickly retreated to the back of the platform.
When the applause died away, Boff continued:
“Last, but not least, I want to thank the real boss of this project; without whose expertise and inspiration, Akhenaten would have never been realized. The one who keeps me honest. and gives me the reason for carrying on, my better half, Mimi Syznic!”
Mimi whispered to Boffin, “I’ll kill you later.”
Boffin had gone off-script, the fiend! Mimi stepped forward and waved to the crowd’s approval. She wiped a tear from her eye. This was indeed a high point in her life with Boffin, perhaps the highest. She felt proud to be up here to share in his big moment, even if it was all just a big sham.
Boffin concluded: “I want to again thank the People of California for this opportunity to move sustainable energy forward, at no cost to the tax-payers.”
Which was true, more or less. What Boffin did not mention was the huge corporate tax break for him and the others, decreed by a special executive order, signed by Gov. Moone.
“Finally, I invite the good peoples of California, America, and the World to make a difference, and do something nice for each other. That’s free, and good for us all! Thank you!”
The crowd cheered as the Moon Man and the Hollywood cutie came back to the center of the stage to shake hands, hug, and high-five, as the mariachi band began to play.

FW sat and stared at the television, completely stunned. 
“How did this one get past us?” 
Fear and Dread settled over him. He knew what was coming, and girded himself, knowing that his head was on the block. The call did come in, within the hour. FW was to prepare a report for the Great Gog, who resideth in the Mystic Northern Grove.

“Akhenaten? Brilliant!”
The Big G shook his head in admiration as he scanned the extensive report faxed over from FW Piltdown’s team. Syznic's newly released financial statements, tax records, and divestments for the last decade were all cleaner than the driven snow. This solar panel project was indeed a bold and innovative venture!
“We all missed this one… sometimes the ways of the Master are indeed a mystery…”
Gog planted his super-sized butt on a vibrating pillow and gazed serenely at his dog-eared photo of Beta Bronski.
“Cocoa?”
Ophelia ‘Cocoa’ Brown stepped into the room from the kitchen, clad in a chef’s apron, gun belt, and nothing else.
“Yes, sir?”
“The President will surely want to know why we have just wasted a sizable amount of taxpayer money investigating a legitimate business venture involving Green Energy… F. Walker Piltdown is in way over his head, chasing pixie shadows and straw men. So much for all of this OtherNet nonsense.”
“What about the Third Eye Patch, sir?”
“Indeed.” Gog winced as he attached his penis pump. “Fister Perry is growing more paranoid by the day… Cocoa, I want you to go and pay Agent Bronski a social call, if you would. Bring her into the loop—not too far, understand, at least for the moment. Size her up and report back to me with your impressions. Let’s set this up just as soon as I can send Piltdown out of town on some ‘pressing’ business. This will be a ‘confidential’ social call. Oh, I want you to place a tracer on her car, right away.”
“Yes sir.”
Fabio, clad in a fishnet shirt and riding jodhpurs, appeared at the screen door. His long blond hair was pinned up under a hair net.
“Sir, the Senator would like to have a word with you. Do you have a moment?”
Gog sighed. “Of course, I always have a moment to spare for the Senator! Send him in, Fabio.”
Senator Wilbur Prescott ambled in with his walker, clad only in his underpants. The old man had put them on backwards and they were streaked with faded poopy skid-marks that didn’t quite come clean in the wash.
“Good morning, Senator,” said Gog jovially, “Do you have anything to report?”
Prescott shook his head. “Nothing that I can PROVE, Dellingsworth. The Chupacabras are serious night creatures and cannot abide the light of day. They prowl around outside my window almost every night, making me wonder if they are in league with the Hide-behind, that devious imp! I have sprinkled salt and rosemary on all the windowsills and doorjambs at my bungalow, and I strongly urge you to do the same. Have you briefed the President yet about this matter?”
“The President is in the loop, Senator, but you know how the game is played back in the Beltway! He is concerned but urges caution, at least until after the mid-term elections.”
Prescott began to squirm like a little boy holding his pee.
“Harrumph! There comes a time when we all have to put politics aside, especially when it comes to Security! The President should never forget that he is the leader of ALL the people, and not just the right-handers! Politics! Do keep me informed, Dellingsworth. I must get back to the bungalow before I crap in my panties.”
The Senator turned and abruptly left the Big G’s presence.

“Well, we did it,” said Boffin to Mimi, on the chopper ride back to Syznic Manor. “If they only knew—”
Mimi nodded. The factories had actually been up and running for weeks. The components from Germany were hard-wired in Southeast Asia (with Syznic chips), in massive factories run by Tiko Industries and then shipped to California for final tweaking and assembly.
Only Boffin, Mimi, and a few insiders knew that Boffin was not going to make a dime from Akhenaten. Two hundred million ‘lost’ for the greater good.
The panels were deviously designed to stealthily double as piggy-back transmitters for the OtherNet. The first three hundred were already set up along the I-5 corridor between San Diego and Seattle. Syznic’s factories were in fact geared up for the up-and-coming mass production of the Third Eye Patch, right under everyone’s noses. The solar panel processors were the perfect cover for the operation! Boffin wanted to flood the world with Patches and OtherNet transmitters. Millions, maybe billions of Patches! Boffin believed that time was running out, and that along with the OtherNet, the Patch was Humanity’s last great hope.
Money wasn't a problem, as of yet. Boffin Syznic's patents and investments were expected to bring in maybe 20 billion in the next ten years, according to his financial gurus. It was enough to make one’s head spin! The problem was, how long did he have to live? All the money in the world could not change the fact that his body was failing. Boffin loved life, but he didn’t plan on being a vegetable, billions or not. He wanted to see this through, because the Patch was his very own last best hope, also.
The chopper glided through the California sky, high above the brown haze of the Central Valley. The hills of home beckoned, and as the white fog retreated beyond the Golden Gate, Boffin Syznic closed his eyes.

Estrella, Alex, and Jade, along with Jade’s new boyfriend Phineas (also known as Phrogg) were taking a break from final video editing at the Market St. Media Center, when the Akhenaten story broke.
“Too much,” said Jade absently, her attention solely on her project. The four of them sat in Jade’s studio in the back of the building.
“I think we’re done,” said Phrogg, “Let’s get a burger or something, before we go to the game.”
Jade and Phrogg had gone to great pains to look as much alike as possible. Both of them were nerds with short spiky blonde hair, and wore low butt-slung baggies and black hooded jackets.
“Wait, Phroggy. There’s something I don’t like about this backing track—”
“I told you, Jaded! Mix the mother down a little more.”
“Don’t be such an old lady, Phroggy. We’re not aiming for the Hallmark audience!”
Estrella was amused at their banter, but cut into the discussion.
“I love it, Jade-kins, but don’t you think it’s done?”
Estrella looked at her watch. “Let’s upload it, lock this place up, and get out to the ballpark.”
They had seats behind third base, courtesy of Axelrod Jones, who couldn’t make it today. First pitch was at 1:00 pm.
“Phroggy’s right,” conceded Jade, “One more run-through, and we’re out of here.” She adjusted the volume on the soundtrack, which sounded like a musical pulse.
“I lifted this track from Dad. Me and Phroggy tweaked it a bit.”
“He won’t mind, Jade.” said Strella.
Five minutes later, Jade announced: “Done. Finito. Uploaded. Yew Lube, Do Boob, Yak Mail, Eco-Tittler. Three hard copies; mp4, Eyelid video file, Avocado, blah, blah, blah. Thanks, Phroggy.”
“Any time, Jade—”
Jade grabbed Phrogg roughly and planted a wet one on his stupefied face. Alex giggled as Estrella deftly turned away to spare the fellow further embarrassment, barely suppressing her grin. She was tempted to ravage the boy herself! With Mike still over in Eurasia, Estrella was pretty horny (as usual) but she had generally behaved herself these last few weeks and focused all of her energy on her new job with the Foundation.
“Ahem! Are we all ready? Let’s head out to the ballpark!”

Estrella was a San Francisco native, and Candlestick Park’s chilly remoteness had always turned her off, but this was her first visit to the new ballpark on the bay, and she was pleasantly surprised with its intimacy.
“I could become a Giants fan,” she shouted to Jade and Phrogg. “I never knew!”
The Giants were leading the Reds 2-1 at the seventh inning stretch. Estrella was having a good time, even after a batter popped a foul right into the seats right next to them, which gave her quite a start.
“Let’s do this again real soon, guys,” she said, out of breath.
Jade was scanning the crowd with her telephoto lens when she stopped short, and said: “Hey Strella, there’s David.”
“Our David?” Estrella’s curiosity was aroused. “David Cross?”
“The very one.” Jade handed her the camera. “Three rows up from first base, a little to the right.” Jade’s voice was flat and toneless.
Estrella got her bearings and focused in and out until the fans behind first base seemed close enough to touch. She moved down the third row, passed David momentarily, backed up, and there he was: Giants cap, beer in hand. A raven haired beauty sat next to him. She was laughing as she leaned over to kiss his neck.
Estrella’s heart skipped a beat. It couldn’t be, it couldn’t be… could it?
“Well, hello Beta Bronski,” she murmured to herself. “It’s such a small world… How are you doing? WHAT are you doing?”
Estrella was smoldering now; on slow burn.
“How many pictures do you have left in the camera, Jade?”
“Ten, maybe,” said Jade. “Estrella?”
“Not a word, Jade,” hissed Estrella, “not a word to anybody. We’ll talk about it later.”
Estrella carefully took pictures for the remainder of the game, oblivious to everything around her. David and Beta left their seats at the end of eight innings and made their way arm in arm to the exits. Estrella kept the camera in her bag, and pretended to enjoy the game’s last inning. The final score was Giants 3, Reds 1.
“That was fun,” said Estrella, as they made their way up Willie Mays Plaza towards the Embarcadero. “Jade, I need you back at the center for a little while.”
She was thinking of the darkroom in the back of Jade’s studio.
“Say no more, big sis. Let’s get these kids safely home.” said Jade, indicating Alex and Phrogg in the back seat.
Phrogg was indignant: “Hey, I’m one month older than you!”
“Are not!”
Jade, Phrogg and Alex sang and goofed off as Estrella drove on, feeling uneasy.

The next morning Estrella knew what she had to do. Jade’s camera was a good one, and the photos had come out perfect. With a heavy heart, she jotted down a little note for Jenny and slipped it into a large manila envelope containing the best shots of David and Beta Bronski. She sealed and addressed the envelope and placed it in her large carry bag. It would go to the mail drop down the street from the Center. There wasn’t any other option, if she ever wanted to look Jenny in the eye again. She hated the whole dirty business, and cursed that the duty had fallen to her. But it had to be done.
Estrella put the rest of the photos and negatives under a loose floorboard where she used to keep her marijuana, back in the good old days.

32: Jenny In The Big Apple

July 7
Well, here I am in Gotham, safely encased in the Jewel, right on the Avenue of the Americas at Fifth Avenue. It’s a beautiful night; warm, but not too humid. I'm already hot and bothered, Dave! Boffin, bless his heart, has (needlessly) provided me with a shadow, Bailey (BJ) Jamison, from Rem Peterson’s security detail. You met her at the party, remember? She’s nice enough when she lets her guard (and her hair) down! Fortunately she likes to run, so at least I have a jogging partner for Central Park. I wish you were here!

Summer in the City: New York, New York. Jenny lost track of the days, doing the tourist bit with BJ, digging the sights. One night at the House of Blues they decided to have a little fun, and switched roles: Jenny donned BJ's shades and windbreaker, and played bodyguard to BJ, who did surprisingly well as a spoiled, snotty, heiress! On a different night, BJ had to carry a very drunk Jenny out of a jazz club after she began to do a strip-tease! Too much!
As the week passed, Jen managed to get on a few local television and radio talk shows, but there was nary a peep from the hostile National Media Beast, as of yet.
“No sandbags yet,” said Jenny, in a YakText conversation with Mimi.
“Don’t get complacent,” texted Mimi, “they’re gunning for us, you’ll see. They’ve already started on Steve and Mike.”
“Are we reaching anyone out there?”
“The Table’s website has been receiving hits and a few numbers from the party are running on DoBoob, mostly featuring you, doing the old bump and grind, you shameless hussy.”
“Just doing my job, Mimi.”
Jenny and Dave texted, emailed, and talked by phone every day, joking about the pros and cons of cyber-sex, among other topics.
During her second week in the city, Jenny found some time to work her way through a stack of back mail, and she almost overlooked the large manila envelope from Estrella. She slit it open, expecting it to be some routine Table Foundation business. A post-it note was attached to the topmost glossy photograph.
I’m so sorry, Jenny. I feel it is my duty as a friend to pass these on to you. I am so glad to have met you, and would love to consider you as the sister I never had. I hope you feel the same. There is a story behind all of this.
The information was pretty thin. David and an attractive young woman, cozy at the ballpark. A woman who just happens to be Estrella’s next-door neighbor, and oh yes, Mike’s ex. Jenny sat, deep in thought.
David, David, what are you up to?
What was David doing? Was Estrella positively sure that this woman was Beta Bronski, ex of Mike Chen, ex of Jennifer Morgan? It was just too bizarre. Jenny didn’t know who to talk to, certainly not BJ. She didn’t want to bring Boffin into this until she had more to go on, and was absolutely sure.
One evening, Jenny and Bailey went in search of jazz clubs. One place caught Jen’s eye. The Quicksilver Club on 4th Street, had an open mike jazz night.
“Let’s check it out, BJ. Maybe we can amuse the locals.”
“Speak for yourself, Boss. This is your party.”

33: Beta and Cocoa

Mark Diller traced patterns on Beta Bronski’s naked back. It was mid-afternoon as they lay contentedly on Diller’s bed in his Tiburon condo. The sun shone brightly outside the curtains. Diller savored his latest ‘conquest’.
(Eat your heart out, Peter Derringer!)
This morning’s Consortium ‘strategy session’ at the San Francisco Hyatt Regency had not gone well. Diller thought that Peter Derringer’s insistence on attending himself was foolish and downright stupid, but Derringer’s curiosity got the better of him, and he just HAD to see this Beta Bronski in person.
“Don’t worry, Diller. No one knows or cares who I am, and anyway, unlike Fister Perry, I don’t use flunkies or errand boys. I AM Mackeyville-McCool.”
Diller had no response to Derringer’s insult. Whatever. Mr. Perry would have to deal with Peter Derringer, eventually.
This was Bronski’s first meeting with Derringer. David Cross had not been included in this little get-together, but Beta Bronski did confirm the news: Syznic was not going to play ball. Bad news for PerryPharm.
Now Peter Derringer wanted to take his turn. He proposed that ComCo put all their combined resources into developing their own version of the Patch! The endeavor would be spear-headed by Mackeyville-McCool Corporation, of course.
“PerryPharm is not the only game in town,” Derringer had boasted. “Neither is Syznic.” He then went into a long brag about his technical innovations that were going to give Boffin Syznic a run for his money. Spy devices, super weapons bullshit, government contacts, and a lengthy spiel about shooting poor defenseless ducks with the President of the United States!
Derringer was a braggart and an utter swine. Sure enough, during the entire meeting he had mainly bragged, bullshitted, and copped feels off Beta. No class at all. Bronski fended off the cretin with skill, and a patience that would rival a saint’s. Needless to say, the meeting had been a fucking waste of time. For one thing, the man never knew when to shut up. The idiot actually mentioned The Indigo Project, in a careless aside within earshot of Beta. Diller had to hiss at him to shut the fuck up! One just didn’t talk about such things out loud. Bad things sometimes happened to people that did. What a jackass! Only a very few inside people in the private sector were fully in the loop.
When Derringer was in the john, Beta asked him about the Indigo business. Diller knew who Beta was working for, and wondered if she was just playing dumb and trying to entrap him.
“You’re kidding me, right? YOU are asking ME about the Indigo Project?”
“I’ve never heard of it,” said Beta.
“Wait a minute, I get it,” said Diller, “this is some sort of test, right?”
Diller suddenly stiffened like cartoon Nazi. “I know nothing, I know NOTHING!”
Beta smiled in spite of herself. “No, I’m not trying to trip you up, Mark. I really don’t know. What on earth is the ‘Indigo Project’?”
Diller, succumbing to the lure of what was under Beta’s sheer blouse, made some calculations, threw caution to the wind, and made his move.
"This is bad shit, honey, really scary stuff. There’s a story going around that a nosy reporter ended up dead. He hung himself, after he shot himself three times in the head. One can’t believe every rumor you hear, but you’ve been warned. If you really want to know, meet me at the Trident, after we get out of here. Comprende, beautiful?”
Their eyes locked in understanding.
“OK,” said Beta, “why not? It’s a deal.”
Beta left the meeting first, and drove across the Golden Gate Bridge to the old Trident in Sausalito, where she waited for Diller, who arrived thirty minutes later, after shaking off Derringer. From there they continued on to Diller’s rented condo in Tiburon; Mark in his BMW, and Beta following in her Camry.
Beta was an excellent acquisition, primo all the way. Diller was only slightly annoyed on her insistence that he use a condom.
“Fresh out, darling,” he had said, but she produced a fresh package and held it up with a beatific smile. “I’ve got you covered.”

Beta pretended to bask in lovemaking’s afterglow. Nothing to it, she told herself, nothing at all, this little tryst with Mark Diller, and although he was a handsome hunk with his lanky build and wavy blond hair, he was nothing to brag about, a real one minute man! Hopefully Diller wouldn’t call for an encore, because for Beta, the band had already packed up and split.
She was there in Mark Diller’s bed (loose, lubricated, and fancy free) because David Cross wasn’t giving her much to work with at this point in the game, and she wanted, needed, more information. Agent Don White was leaning hard on her, but was insistent on keeping her out of the loop. Beta had no choice but to find her own sources, and she had to start somewhere. Mark Diller knew a lot more than she did, and made no secret of it. He had her where he wanted her, dangling the Indigo business over her head like a carrot on a string. Sometimes sacrifices have to be made, she repeated to herself. So be it! The worst was over, and now Mark Diller had to pony up on his part of the bargain.
Beta rolled over onto her back, and Diller smiled. “Oh the boobs,” he said as he reached downward, but Beta was ready for him, and she pulled the sheet up to her chin with an impish grin.
Diller laughed out loud: “OK, you finally met Peter Derringer. Tell me, have you recovered yet?”
Beta giggled. “I never really believed that characters like Derringer actually existed. I stand corrected.”
Beta paused, and smiled up at him. “Indigo, Mark. Quid pro quo.”
Diller’s face froze for a second. He frowned, and flopped down onto his back.
“Very well, you eavesdropping little fox. Quid pro quo.”
He turned back over on his side and smiled again as he caressed her breasts from under the sheet.
“I’m just surprised that you don’t know, gorgeous. Oh, I understand ‘need to know’, yadda-yadda. You won’t have me whacked, will you?”
Beta smiled back at him. “I really don’t know what you are talking about, Mark.”
Diller rolled over and grabbed his little scanner from the night table. Beta rolled her eyes and sat upright in the bed, causing the sheet to fall free. She spread her arms wide, and her breasts jiggled perfectly, in Mark Diller’s humble opinion.
“Hold still, Bronski.”
“Oh please, I’ve had enough of you little boys and your secret agent gizmos! How many times do you have to zap me with that stupid gadget?”
“As many times as it takes, Bronski.”
Beta shook her head in disgust. “Unreal! —The Indigo Project, Mark. Come on, pay up your part of the bargain. Peter Derringer is obviously in the know—”
Diller laughed, and returned the scanner to the night table.
“You heard it right. Derringer is such a loudmouth. There is a little something called the Indigo Project, and the Indigo Children, and it’s all very hush-hush, and very sinister.”
Diller told her what he knew. Selected ‘candidates’ (usually with ‘radical affiliations’), surgical implants, listening and tracking devices, accumulated data bases, NSA supercomputers, stuff like that.
“Nasty business. Derringer’s firm provided some tech support of which I’m not privy to, but I’ll one-up Pete, and tell you something I’ll wager even he doesn’t know—”
Diller gestured for Beta to lay back down with him, and he leaned in close and whispered as low as he could in her ear.
“I have my own contacts. There are some stories going around that the Indigo Children, well, they never grow up. They just become dead. All just talk, of course… but just the same, watch your ass, beautiful—”
Diller roughly cupped one of Beta’s buttocks.
“Ow, Mark!”
Diller removed his hand, and then gently caressed the curve of her abdomen.
“Sorry. Did you get what you wanted, Sunshine?”
Beta nodded and placed her hand firmly on top of his wandering one.
“I would like to find out more… about the Indigo Children…”
Diller shrugged. “Whatever. Have you made your last will and testament?”
Beta looked at her watch. It was time to get dressed. 
“Well, it’s been real, Mark. Wow, just look at the time! I just can’t wait to hit the traffic on the bridge.”
“What’s the rush? Let’s go for two, baby.”
“Oh Mark, I don’t know —”
Diller was suddenly on top of her, ready for another round, really ready, and Beta barely had time to shut her legs together and lock them tight. 
“Wait, Mark!” Beta reached for a fresh condom and shoved it into his hands. But Diller didn’t want to wait. Beta, however, wouldn’t budge.
“Not yet, Mark —please don’t!”
“What’s the problem, Bronski?” exclaimed Diller in frustration, “Open up, you fucking—” 
He yanked Beta’s hair hard enough to make her scream out in pain. 
“Asshole!” —and she popped him really hard, right in the eye with her fist.
“Cunt!”
Beta then kneed him in the groin. Luckily for Diller, she didn’t score a direct hit on his sweetmeats, but it did take the fight right out of him. Beta shoved him away, just as he involuntarily groaned and shot his pent-up load. Beta slid out of the bed with Diller's stickum all over her legs and belly.
“Goddamn it, Mark!”
“Fucking bitch, spoiled everything—”
“Excuse me?”
“Fuck you—I know that you are spying for that fat sack of jello up there in the Grove.”
“What did you just say to me?”
“Amateur bitch. Did he tell you that it was OK to rut for your country?”
“I’ll forget you said that, Mark.” Beta’s voice was cold as ice. “I’d tread softly if I were you. Take my advice and don’t mouth off when your brain isn’t running.”
Beta rapidly cleaned herself off with Diller’s shirt and tossed it onto the floor. Diller’s eye was already swelling.
“Don’t mind me, but I’ll let myself out.”
Beta gathered her clothes, shoes, and purse and headed for the bedroom door, where she turned and glared at him from the doorway.
“By the way, Diller. You’re a crappy lover and have a little dick. I’ll see you at our next get-together.”

Cocoa Brown sat in her car, a few doors down from Diller’s condo. Her government badge identified her as Special Agent Cynthia Barton, Federal Bureau of Investigation. She smiled as she adjusted her earpiece. Hardcore shit was going down in there with Bronski and Diller! (So much for Diller’s scanner!) All the fun was being recorded onto the hard drive in her purse. Gog would have some quality entertainment for the evening—although FW Piltdown would not be privy to the juicy details of this particular little caper! Concerned about the risk of detection, Piltdown had not yet placed a listening device on Beta’s body or clothing, in part because he had deemed that the implant on David Cross was more than sufficient for their purposes at the present time, not to mention the cams and microphones in Beta’s apartment at 1 Rincon Hill. Except for a log of Beta’s movements (courtesy of the GPS tracker under the hood of her Camry) Beta’s extracurricular activities were her own business, at least for the time being.
All of that’s gonna change for sure, once Piltdown gets wind of where you’ve been today, smirked Brown, as she took a sip from a can of warm diet soda.
Meanwhile, unbeknownst to FW Piltdown, Cocoa Brown herself had placed a number of undetectable bugs among Bronski’s clothes and jewelry, two of which were imbedded in Beta’s favorite jade earrings. (The bugs were manufactured with improvised Syznic chips!) Gog was now keeping a close eye on Beta Bronski.
Brown returned her attention to Mark Diller’s bedroom. Maybe Diller saw himself as some sort of struttin’ cock-stud and God’s gift to womankind, but Brown thought he was a certified idiot—the fool actually spilled the beans about the Indigo Project, and now Bronski was in the loop. Talk about amateurs! Was this guy really Fister Perry’s top operative? Pathetic.
It was a good thing that Piltdown WASN’T listening in, because if he even suspected that Bronski knew anything about the Indigo business, her life wouldn’t be worth a wooden nickel. Fortunately for Bronski, the Big G had taken a shine to her.
Brown spoke into her mouthpiece.
“Well, we already knew that Diller ain’t the brightest bulb in the socket. Surely we can’t blame Bronski for being curious, sir.”
“Indeed, I’d be more disappointed if she wasn’t curious. As for this Diller character, let’s direct Fabio to place him under enhanced surveillance.”
“Roger.”
Cocoa signed off and shook her head. Diller was now officially under the Grove’s radar, a bad place to be. She adjusted her earpiece, and returned to Diller’s bedroom.
When Diller began to get rough with Beta, Brown was worried for a moment that she might have to intervene and plug the bastard, but Beta handled herself well.
“Good for you, Bronski! Sock it to that pansy motherfucker!”
Brown’s car was already idling when Bronski came out and got into her Camry. Brown waited until she was down the block, and then followed at a safe distance. When they were within sight of the freeway, Brown was satisfied that no one was tailing Bronski’s car, so she cut over to the northbound 101 onramp, and headed homeward. Destination: The Grove.

Two days later, Beta was just getting out of the shower when she heard the ring-tone indicating Don White’s bureau line. Dripping water, she dashed for her phone in the bedroom, where her bedside clock read 8:00 AM.
“Yes, Don?”
The voice on the other end was female. “Beta Bronski? Sorry to disturb you. My name is Cathy Braunstein, and I’m calling on behalf of the Grove. Do you copy?”
Beta’s heart jumped. The Grove!
“Yes, I copy. Cathy Braunstein, of the Grove.”
“I’m downstairs. May I come on up? I need to brief you on some pressing business.”
“By all means.” What else could she say?
Cathy Braunstein cut an impressive figure, with her kinky short hair, and die-for hourglass figure. Her retro black pantsuit could have been spray-painted on her body, thought Beta with a sigh, as she served coffee, by the picture window.
“You know who I work for at the Grove?”
Beta nodded. “I know who he is, but we haven’t met.”
Cathy nodded, and held up a tiny flashing device that resembled a satellite dish.
“My kill switch. This little do-hicky will let us converse, free of eaves and droppers, ‘n likewise for my phone call. You got that, honey?”
“Eavesdroppers?”
Cathy Braunstein’s proper East Coast accent was gone, and she now spoke in a southern drawl.
“Relax, Bronski, and let me introduce myself. Call me Cocoa Brown. The person I work for is the same person Don works for, ‘n you too. The Big G wishes you well, 'n congratulates you on your progress! He also requests that you keep this visit in confidence, 'n not disclose any of this conversation with Special Agent Don White of the FBI. This is a private conversation. Do you understand, Ms. Bronski?”
That got Beta’s attention! “Yes, Cocoa.”
“I’ll bet that you are a bit confused about things, just ‘bout now. I’ll bet that you have lot of questions, right? Questions like: What am I doin’? What is my mission here? Can I believe anything they tell me? Is this how they want me to serve my country?”
Beta said nothing, but Cocoa Brown knew that she had scored, right on the mark.
“Listen Bronski, me and the Big G think that you’ve done very well, this being your first time out. I know you’ve been probin’ ‘n feelin’ your way along, without much to go on, ‘n you’re just itchin’ for more information. I know that I would. I for one, am proud of your determination, so just between you ‘n me, let me tell you how the wind is blowin’, honey: Mark Diller is a dead end, a waste of time, ‘n an asshole to boot. Pay him no mind; Derringer’s where things are goin’. Do you understand where I’m comin’ from?”
Beta felt a chill run down her spine. “Are you telling me that you—”
“Get used to it, child.”
“Does Don, um, know?” sputtered Beta.
“About you and that Diller joker? Sure, probably. Don’t worry, he wasn’t listenin’ or peepin’ through the curtains! Listen, there are a few things that Agent White don’t know about, and let’s keep it that way. All the same, always assume that that somebody, somewhere, is listenin’ in. You’ve got to be cagey, and never tip your hand—’n that includes your dealings with Don. Go with the flow, baby. Your private life ain’t nobody’s business but your own, ‘n sometimes we all do what we gotta do.”
Beta lowered her voice to a whisper. “My apartment—this place is bugged?”
“Sure it is. So’s your phone ‘n computer, ‘n a tracker’s in your car. Video cams likewise! Like I said, get used to it!” 
Cocoa Brown winked mischievously, and Beta blushed furiously in spite of herself, being more embarrassed than outraged. Just last night, she and David had tripped the light fantastic, and the realization that somebody was actually listening and peeping in on her lovemaking sessions with David both repelled—and excited her.
“Where are the cams, Brown?”
“This room, 'n the bedroom, baby. The kitchen ain't got a cam, 'n who knows what he's got set up 'n the bathroom!”
Beta let that one go by her for the moment. “What about me and Mark Diller?”
“Listen up, Bronski. Don White knows what you were up to with Diller, but he wasn't listenin' in, OK?” Brown held up her little blinking gadget again. 
“Like I said, this little baby is on top of things, scramblin' up 'n b'fuddlin' their transmissions! Look, most of the time it's just a computer listenin' to the feed, programmed for certain names 'n keywords, got that? They just don't got the manpower to monitor you 24/7, baby.”
Beta nodded, and made calculations.
“So you think that me and Peter Derringer…?”
Cocoa Brown shrugged. “Why not? Use what you got, girl! Men are all helpless, 'n we got the power. Always had, 'n always will. Just think of it like goin' to the gym! It don't mean anything, if you don't want it to, Bronski. Close your eyes, grit your teeth, 'n just remember, it's for your country!”
Brown winked at her yet again, and that did it! Beta felt a great rush of relief from all the stress and bullshit, and she threw her head back and laughed gaily. Brown chuckled along, pleased with herself. Beta finally forced herself to settle down, and smiled doubtfully.
“Ooh boy, can you just see me and Peter Derringer…”
Brown nodded. “Derringer's the man of the future. Agent White ain't too happy about that, let me tell you. Agent White has always been a little slow on the uptake, 'n way behind the curve. Let's get back to what we're doin' here. I'm sure you've already figured out that White has been lyin' to you about Syznic bein' a terrorist—he ain't, of course. But Syznic 'n his so-called Table Foundation are fuckin' around with fire, girl. This Eyeball business can mess up the entire economy, and that's why this Patch gadget is a threat to the nation. We've got to prevent Syznic from bringin' down the whole shithouse, do you understand?”
“Mike Chen isn't in any danger?” Beta felt like the dumbest sucker in the world. “How could I have been so stupid?”
Cocoa Brown snorted. “Don't be so hard on yourself, it happens to the best of us! National Security is the oldest con in the book! Check your brain at the door! Meanwhile, WE gotta see this thing through—it's like they say: It's the Economy, Stupid! Listen here, Bronski, if we can get 'hold of one of those patch gizmos, and pass it's secrets on to the Consortium—meanin' Derringer, mind you—then maybe we can maintain a balance of power, 'n keep everything from collapsin! Look, Syznic ain't the devil, but he mustn't be allowed to corner such a big chunk of the economy, without causin' irreparable damage. Too many corporations have everything on the line, 'n goin' to crash 'n burn. Do you believe me, Bronski?
Beta thought about it for a moment. What Brown was saying made a hell of a lot more sense than Agent White's line of bullshit. Her suspicions were confirmed: This whole thing was about business, money, and control.
“What should I do?”
“Do you want to stay on the team? You can walk away, right now.”
“How do I know you aren't trying to frame me?”
Brown grinned and looked Beta directly in the eye. “Listen baby, I'll tell you this right up front. I will never lie to you, Bronski. Mayhap I won't tell you everything you don't need to know, but I'll never lie to you like White. He is from the old school, 'n his days are numbered, girl. Goin' back to DC for an early retirement, very soon now. Me 'n the Boss think that you can do some good, 'n we would like for you to stay on board.” 
Brown grinned, and leaned in close. “By the way, if you find an opportunity to make a little money from Derringer on the side, we'll look the other way, dig, just as long as Derringer gits the Patch. Gog understands, 'n b'sides, you ain't on any official payroll, anyway.”
Brown winked, and Beta didn't even hesitate. The lure of Power (and money!) had netted her once and for all, hook, line and sinker.
“I'm in, Brown.”
“Good enough. Now looky here—”
Brown handed Beta an envelope. “Open it, please.”
Inside was a credit card, a list of four addresses, and a couple lines of numbers written out on a piece of paper.
“Just in case things go south 'round here, the four addresses on the list are clean, safe, pay phones. The first number you can jot down if you want, but the second you got to memorize. Do it now, 'n take your time, if you please. I'll just finish my coffee 'n enjoy the view.”
Beta sat and repeated the number in her mind, over and over. Five minutes later, she slid the sheets of paper back into the envelope, and handed it back to Brown.
“OK, Brown.”
“Right. Listen to me now: Keep your eyes open, 'n always watch your back. If things go bad with, um, Don White, call that number 'n use that code-word. Don't use your own phone —use one of those telephone booths. Do you understand me?”
Beta nodded in understanding. 'Don White' was not to be trusted.
“The debit card has a line of credit for ten thousand dollars. Be cool with it, child. Don't let Don know. This is for expenses Don don't need to know about. The PIN is 1984.”
My birth year, thought Beta.
Cocoa Brown rose to leave. “The Boss says well done. Don't forget to keep this visit in confidence, 'n always assume that Agent White is listenin' in —even if he ain't, you got that? Don't you worry 'bout White, 'cos I'll be watchin' your back from here on out, OK? If you ever see me out in the world, my name is Cathy Braunstein, OK?”
Beta nodded, and rose to shake Brown's outstretched hand.
“Thank you —Cathy.”
“Good luck, Bronski.”

Beta methodically made up her face, and pinned up her hair as she fretted over what to wear. She wanted to look her best, for she (reluctantly and resignedly) agreed with Cocoa Brown that her best way into the Consortium was through Peter Derringer. Her first meeting with the man had confirmed the rumors she had heard, and cemented them: Peter Derringer was a rude, crude, bullying asshole who projected the image of being a ladies man, but was in reality a misogynic coward, scared spitless of women. He also happened to be the billionaire creator of the widely successful and notorious video games BodyBag, and Maximum Triage. He also was the main man behind Mackeyville Anti-Virus, although there was some controversy about copyrights, and so on. He had moved into the high-tech weapons business recently, and had been awarded a few contracts with the Defense Department. He also had a reputation as a wild and crazy guy, and was the rising star of the Consortium with the most technical mojo.
Meanwhile, closer to home, she had to be very cautious with 'Agent Don White', who had lied to her about Syznic and the 'terrorist' Table Foundation. She needed to watch her ass and play along with White's 'National Security' bullshit, until he was recalled to Washington DC for his 'early retirement'.
Beta shrugged off the incident with Mark Diller as water under the bridge. She had walked right into it, and would be more careful from here on out. (Mark Diller? What a loser!) Beta was grateful that Cocoa Brown understood perfectly (with a wink and a nod) and laid no judgment on her. Beta had found an ally. She liked and trusted this Brown character. 
(Unfortunately, Beta had lost her better sense of judgment and her last vestiges of common sense, back in that interrogation room deep in the bowels of the Federal Building. At this point, her delusions were actually her best defense against the looming Void, crazy as it seemed.)
Beta finally settled on a plain black miniskirt, a scarlet silk blouse, and a Giants baseball cap and jacket, just for the hell of it. She was certain that Peter Derringer (if not Mark Diller) would approve! After one last look in her mirror, she locked up and took the elevator down to the parking garage.

The meeting, predictably, was a bust.
This time, the three of them, (Beta, Diller, and Derringer) met in a small private conference room at the SFO Hilton, because Diller was only in town for a three-hour stopover, before flying on to Europe. He was curt and businesslike and clearly looked like he would have rather been anywhere except for this meeting with Peter Derringer and Beta Bronski. Diller didn't even speak with Beta, and acted as if if the incident at the condo had never happened. Beta just smiled politely, and let it go.
Once they started their discussion, Peter Derringer took over. He was an imposing figure, a man of action, in the prime of life, and the bloom of health. His eyes glared, and his nostrils flared, as if he could smell blood. He strutted around like a rooster, mocking both Diller and Fister Perry, on their failed bid to buy out the Patch. At one point he stopped, and peered at Diller's face.
“Who gave you the shiner, Diller?”
“Your mother, Derringer.”
Beta studied her fingernails, and suppressed a belly laugh. Diller had clumsily attempted to cover his black eye with makeup, with only partial success.
Diller lit a forbidden cigarette, and blew smoke across the conference table.
“Make your presentation, Derringer. I have a flight to catch.”
Beta reached into her purse for her pack of cigarettes, as Derringer frowned and shook his head.
“Both of you are fucking idiots! —OK, here's the deal: Why don't we, ahem, acquire this technology, and get the jump on that cripple! I for one, would just love to get a nice little peek at this patch bullshit, if you know what I mean.”
Diller lifted his head up from his doldrums. “What? Are you crazy?”
Ignoring Diller, Derringer spoke directly to Beta.
“We can fiddle with it, change it around. We can own the goddamned thing! Let's just cut to the chase—get me one of those fucking gadgets, and my labs can have this sucker up and running in a matter of days!”
Diller suggested a hostile takeover bid, to which Derringer replied with scorn:
“Are you shitting me, Diller? What fucking planet are you living on?”
“Damn it, Pete, we are here to BURY this thing, and NOT put out a copycat!”
“Says who, Diller? We should run with this Patch gizmo, and give Syznic a run for his money! Shut him down, baby!”
“And shut down PerryPharm while you are at it? Mr. Perry specifically wants to destroy this technology, by any means possible.”
“It's too late,” said Derringer, glancing at Beta. “The cat's out of the bag now, and my brainiacs at McCool tell me that if Syznic gets this thing out onto the market unopposed, he'll control maybe 8% of the entire economy in the next two years.”
“Oh bullshit,” said Diller.
Derringer turned to Beta. “Do you have anything we can sink our teeth into, Bronski? Me and my boys would like to get a sneak peek at Syznic's new 'Brainshot' consoles.”
“David and I are working on it, Peter,” said Beta. “We think that a proto-patch is in the works, in pre-production. Dr. Dryer has scheduled a new round of tests with those Brainshot units. Something definitely is brewing.”
At that moment, Diller glanced resentfully at Beta, and Derringer caught his look. He peered at Diller, and then at Beta, and then back at Diller again. Revelation and realization appeared on his face.
“Hoo-wee!” he snorted, “Well, fuck me!”
Derringer threw his head back and laughed, and laughed, and for good measure, laughed some more.
“Yee-hah! —Oh no, I'm going to bust a fucking gut!”
At that point, Mark Diller got up and left the room without another word.
“Loser!” catcalled Derringer, who then scooted over a little closer to Beta and winked.
“Hey, it's just you and me, sweetcakes. Come on over and sit in Daddy's lap.”
Amused at Diller's retreat, Beta was in a charitable mood and threw Derringer out a crumb. “You aren't my daddy, Derringer. He's the quality control man, down at your mother's whorehouse.”
“Ouch, you ARE good! Where have YOU been, all of my life?”
Beta shook a cigarette out of her pack, but didn't light it. Derringer grinned and lowered his voice. “Did you and Diller really do—”
Beta just smiled, and fiddled with her cigarette.
“OK baby, I'll keep your secret. Your lawyer buddy, Dave what's-his-name? Nice guy, I understand. Mum's the word, I swear.”
Derringer gave her an evil wink, and jotted down his private number on a business card. “Stick with me baby, and someday all of this will be yours.”
Beta tuned out his banter, and sorted out her thoughts. Cocoa Brown had been correct in her assessment: PerryPharm was on the outs, and Derringer was on the rise. Yes, he was a bluffing bully and a real horse's ass, but he had the resources and the fire in his belly to get things done. Beta was sure that she could handle him when the time came, because… because it looked like she had an unavoidable chore to perform in the near future, and a much more demanding one than that little nothing of a tryst she had shared with Mark Diller. Beta girded herself for the eventuality of her upcoming duty: Exchanging bodily fluids with Peter Derringer.

Thanks to the convenience of an USAF transport, Cocoa Brown and Fabio of the Grove arrived in Lisbon, Portugal, a whole six hours before Mark Diller, who flew by British Airways, via London.

34: The Nous

The Fraud glides above the Static Sphere in a state of muted ecstasy. He feels no fear, only exhilaration.
Countless multi-colored shapes dart back and forth and dance among the strings and tendrils of plasma and electric gas, similar to the eruptions observed by our solar telescopes. There is music here, but Mike knows that he will not be able to describe it to Shank, let alone any of this vision upon awakening, and the thought saddens him.
The Deli Lama floats alongside of him.
“Don't be sad, Grasshopper. Some things are not meant to be recalled or shared with others. It will come to you, in time.”
“Are you the Nous?”
“I am the Walrus.”
An eruption from the sphere engulfs them harmlessly and dissipates slowly like a rather good firework on the Fourth of July.
“That was a good one,” says the Lama. “Do you know what you are looking at, son?”
Mike struggles to organize his thoughts and memories.
“It looks like—”
“It's a brain, son. The Great Data Bank, with its billions upon trillions of electro-chemical bursts of information. You are looking at the great collective's Brainshot.”
Mike is slightly disappointed. “Do you mean the group mind?”
“No, more like the group-pedia. It's all here, son, if one knows how and where to look. Check out the patterns… doesn't it all look like a hopped-up square dance?”
“It does, now that you mention it, sir. I still wish I could remember all of this, when I awake.”
“No matter. I will speak with you again, because I do appreciate your imagination, even more so than you would ever believe.”
Mike and the Lama separate, and each glide their own separate ways, into the ether. The Nous has frozen this moment in time for our benefit. From our lofty vantage point, we can suspend the laws of time, space, and the speed of light, and follow the line of the night eastward, until we reach the terminator line between night and day, as the earth tilts eastward on its axis.
The sun is rising over the city of London. Sir William Gallows is already at work in his office atop the glittering Gallows Media Tower, overlooking the Thames and the Houses of Parliament. He types away at his console in indignation, as nervous flunkies await him in the wings. He finally proofreads his entry, nods, and presses SEND.
“Well done, sir,” says the nearest flunky, his eyes welling up with tears. The editorial is now prominently on the front page of the P.M. edition of the London Thymes, for the online and print editions for the afternoon commute. A cheer goes up throughout the vast newsroom, as seasoned reporters, secretaries, and interns give their boss a standing O. Some are in tears.
The editorial reads:
Enough is enough. Up to now, we at The Thymes have not given the hooligan who calls himself  'The Bonny Black Prince' the time of day, but this time he has gone too far. I am referring to his comments regarding The Queen, which go far beyond our time-honored rules of decency and fair play. This time I am forced to respond:
I, Sir William Gallows, challenge you, little worm, to a duel. Our weapons shall be our fists. You shall strike the very first blow, and I shall strike the last.
I will be waiting for you at the band shell in Hyde Park, tomorrow at noon. Only then and there shall your misguided and deluded followers find out if you are a real man, or the girly worm that I know you are. Only then and there will this contention between us be resolved, and settled once and for all. The Queen's Honor shall be restored.
I await.
— Sir William Gallows
The flunky sits at his laptop, across the desk from the great man.
“Sir, an incoming message from California.”
“Proceed.” Gallows sips from his coffee.
The young man clears his throat. “Nigel Flinth is in the air, Honolulu to LAX. Our man in LA will pick him up there, and drive him directly to your vacation home in Malibu Canyon. It seems that Stephen Shank has leased a beach house at nearby Topanga Beach, for the month of July, according to our sources.”
“Excellent! Carry on.”
We now follow the Prime Meridian south to Lisbon, where newly arrived Mark Diller, clad in swimming trunks and sunglasses, eats his breakfast by the pool at the Arpothotel Eden. He idly gazes at the naked girls in the pool. Life is good. Sitting with him is the man known as Clemente, who is fully dressed in his white tropical suit and fedora. Clemente sips from his coffee as he studies a photo of Beta Bronski. Only a few words pass between them, small talk regarding the World Cup, and the weather forecast for Helsinki. When Clemente rises to take his leave, he leaves the photo on the glass table. It is now Diller's turn to study the picture. Such a beauty. It was unfortunate, but no bitch kicks Mark Diller in the balls, and walks out high and mighty and free as a bird.
As Clemente climbs into a cab out on the Avenida da Liberdade, a man with shoulder length blond hair pulls out into traffic a few cars behind, and flips open his cell phone.
“Package is on the way,” says Fabio of the Grove.
“Acknowledged,” replies Cocoa Brown, who is parked in front of a different hotel, one mile away. “I'll leave the light on, baby.”
Let us now turn west over the Atlantic, and overtake the terminator line, and in a twinkling, pause momentarily over the White House, where President Phillip Hammer is burning the midnight oil. He reviews the current jobs report, and shakes his head. Vice President Dennis Lasher sits across the table, and clears his throat.
“We've got problems, Phillip. We cannot just wish that these numbers go away.”
Hammer pounds his fist on the table. “Don't you think I know it, Dennis? What do you suggest?”
“You might propose a softening of regulations, and real tax reform, Mr. President.”
“Are you shitting me? We can lose the fucking Senate if we go down that road!”
Lasher does not respond, which only pisses off the President even more than he already is. He opens a package of Tylenol, and downs them with a swig of water.
Up in New York City, Jennifer Morgan thrashes around in her bed, unable to sleep. She is quitting cigarettes cold turkey, thanks to a dare by her shadow, Bailey Jamison. Jenny is in a black mood.
(I'll show her, damn the bitch!)
BJ is right, of course. After all, the Patch will be promoted primarily as a smoker's quitting aid, and it would do no good for the Foundation's spokeswoman to be caught sneaking a cigarette!
(Damn it, the higher you climb up the flagpole, the more people can see your panties!)
But BJ needn't look so goddamn smug!
We now head further west, crossing time zones with ease.
9:00 PM at Syznic Manor. Boffin and Mimi Syznic prepare for bed, or rather Mimi does. The night nurse attaches fresh nutrition bags for Boffin, after injecting water into his tube. Mimi climbs into bed with a book, while Boffin wheels his way down to the Room of Isolation.
Over in Berkeley, Dr. Lori Dryer is also awake, watching television. No one suspects that she has been peeking at American Idle for the last few weeks. It is a guilty pleasure, and embarrassing, to say the least. Nobody will ever know, because it's nobody's business!
High atop 1 Rincon Hill, Beta Bronski and David Cross make love, rather tentatively. There is tension between them. David's new secretary has settled into the job. Now that Mike is home, Beta cannot risk blowing her cover. She has found a 'job' with The Manatee Foundation, a non-profit over on Bancroft Way in Berkeley. Beta is sure that David will be spending a lot of time over there!
Estrella Klein drives south on Highway 280, destination: San Jose Airport. She is nervous with anticipation, and giddy with excitement.
An alarm alerts Rex Andromedas from his meditations. Right. The moonlit sky is silver blue, and the ocean below is black as the void. Touchdown at San Jose is one hour away, and Rex selects Johann Pachelbel's Canon in D to ease his sleeping passengers up to consciousness. Rex sets the jet on course for the final approach to the dark soggy fogbank of the California Coast.

35: Wimoweh

July 11
Mike and Shank were exhausted by the time they were finished with customs. All their equipment was tediously inspected, and Shank was in their faces with a video cam to make sure all of it came through in working order. It was after 11:30 PM when they were met by Syznic employees, who packed the gear in a company van. Estrella was waiting for Mike at the arrivals loading zone. Shank waved them off.
“I've got a ride,” he said, as they loaded Mike's bags in the back of the Subaru. As Estrella pulled out into traffic, Mike noticed that Shank's panel truck had pulled up. A woman in a cowboy hat hopped out, embraced Shank, and took one of his suitcases.
“Steve's mystery woman,” said Estrella, accelerating into the traffic flow. Mike shook his head. 
“Jeeze, Strella! Travel around the world with someone…”
Shank had never said a word, of course. To his credit, Shank had behaved himself, and had resisted all temptations, especially those twists at De Sade's!
Mike smiled to himself, and closed his eyes. Estrella gave his knee a welcoming squeeze.
“I'm sure you're dying to get to bed, considering the time change.”
Estrella looked over at Mike and smiled. He was already snoring. 'De-briefing' as Mimi called it, was definitely on hold until the next day.
The next morning, Mike woke to the smell of fresh roasted coffee. Estrella's side of the bed was empty. The bedside clock read 9:30 AM.
They had settled together without discussion; Estrella didn't push, and Mike offered no resistance. He was lonely as hell, and Estrella was on his wave-length, body and soul. Just what the doctor ordered. Gazing at the bedroom walls, he decided they needed a new coat of paint. The dull blue had once been painted by Beta. It was time for a change, and maybe Strella could pick a color.
Mike was eager to get started. He decided to leave the car at home, and took the bus down to Estrella's command post on Market Street, and he liked what he saw. Jade and that lovable nut-job Phrogg, being at loose ends for the summer, pretty much ran the front room. Jade shot continuously from her shoulder-cam. The circus was definitely in town. Every out of work guru and sham artist seemed to be there, but Estrella was on top of the jivers. There were a few sincere folks with serious and creative proposals. As Estrella explained, “All proposals are considered; no promises are made.”
Estrella pointed over to the big burly fellow who sat by the front door of the center.
“That's Axelrod, one of Mr. Peterson's people. He has been such a help down here.”
“Right, we've met. Axelrod gave me a lift back to my car, wow, way back when.”
Mike took a quick tour of the daycare center, and found Alex leading a sing-along with a bunch of kiddies.
“I'm paying her one dollar an hour,” whispered Estrella, “I hope nobody reports me—you know, child labor laws and all of that!”
Mike suddenly realized that he was really glad to be back on U.S. soil.
Almost on cue, Shank stuck his head in the door. “There you are, Grasshopper! Let's get out of here and get some junk food.”
Mike smiled and whooped: “Somebody get me a cheeseburger!”

Shank and Mike drove over to Morgan Park to meet with Boffin, Mimi, and Lori. Estrella had to bow out, being too busy at the center. After drinking some coffee provided by Navy Seal Skip, they all retired to the conference room facing the bay.
Boffin put on a good show for the hidden microphones, greeting them, and filling them in on the latest. The Tuvan student exchange program was in the news, along with various philanthropic programs, such as Estrella's daycare center.
“Estrella is doing a fantastic job,” said Boffin. “She has already awarded a number of scholarships and grants to worthy artists, writers, and musicians.”
“She has a great knack at weeding out the phonies,” said Mimi.
“You mean frauds like me?” joked Mike.
Lori was taking a breather from the preliminary nicotine tests at her Berkeley testing location. Three groups of FDA approved test subjects were lined up for further tests, as soon as minor bugs could be ironed out with the new Brainshot Spectra-recorders. As for Syznic Industries, the production of the Akhenaten solar panel was gearing up. The markets were still reacting to Syznic's bold move.
“Everybody got caught with their pants down,” Boffin crowed, for the benefit of the snoop listeners. Mimi rolled her eyebrows, as everybody chuckled.
Shank was enthusiastic about the expedition, and had nothing but praise for the equipment provided by Syznic Industries.
“We have several CDs worth of material.”
This was the cover story, but both Shank and Mike were already planning a compilation, featuring an Ikil/Macedonian Monk Meld, tentatively titled West/East: In the Footsteps of Alexander.
“I can't wait!” said Boffin.
The Table's real business was conducted by passed notes, because Jenny's headquarters had more bugs than a Tijuana hotel bed, according to Rem Peterson. Lori passed a memo around, detailing her success in isolating the calming algorithm.
The first sheet was a printout of unintelligible numbers and graphs, but the second page prominently displayed an image of blob-like sphere, which caught Mike's attention immediately: Shades of the Static Sphere and the Nous! The resemblance was absolutely uncanny. Across the top of the memo, Lori had jotted down with a red marker pen: This is a representation of the calming algorithm, a composite chosen as representative from fifty nicotine addicts, all test subjects. Jenny is in here, somewhere!
Boffin passed some flash drives around, and held up a note:
Guru's YakDrive. New and Improved. Good luck!

Mike and Shank rendezvoused with the Guru at an isolated cabin (with a satellite dish on the roof, of course) up on a windy, foggy, ridge-top in the Santa Cruz Mountains, maybe five miles from Guru's own A frame hideout, nestled in the redwoods up on neighboring Yogi Ridge. 
“Welcome to Mirkwood Forest,” said the Guru, as he helped them unload the equipment from Shank's panel truck. “I use this place as a backup from time to time. It belongs to a certain priestess that I am, um, casually acquainted with, say no more, although she never comes up here anymore! She hates the fog and prefers the desert these days, go figure!”
The cabin's interior was quite modern and comfortable.
“I deem that the larder is quite adequate for our purposes, with plenty of intoxicants and other enticements for any down-time,” said the Guru, as he prepared tea in the kitchen. “We might even be able to catch a bit of the World Cup.”
The musical files recorded during the expedition (more than 60 hours on nearly 100 files) were loaded, processed and looped into a single stream, and then fed into a Syznic signal processor programmed with Dr. Lori's amorphous blob, for any possible matches. 
GURU: The longest and most tedious part of this will be the actual loading and processing of the files themselves. These babies need to be pristine and glitch-free, or the whole system can go on the fritz and possibly corrupt the entire loop, and we can't have that! We would have to start all over. Once the files ARE correctly loaded, the actual search and finalization process actually won't even take that long at all.
SHANK: How long, Guru?
GURU: Only minutes, I should think.
MIKE: Really?
GURU: Just think of all of this like, well, you know those maniacs who set up all those rows of dominoes? Days and days of tedious, fastidious, anal preparation—all for a thirty second blow-off!
MIKE: Now you're talking, Guru!
GURU: As for any potential matches, well, that's a whole 'nother ball of wax, all together! As they always say: Expect the worst, and hope for the best! Why don't we get started? Look to your monitors, mates. Here it comes: Dr. Dryer's blob! Oh isn't that nice, fat and round, globular jello? Right! Here we go, File Number 1: Athens.
(3 hours later)
SHANK: Halt! Rewind that, Sir Guru.
GURU: This does not compute.
SHANK: File # 59, Tuva—what the hell?
MIKE: That's right, I shot that footage of Crystal Treasure right outside the yurt, singing along with the radio as she did her chores. 
(In the jungle, the mighty jungle, the lion sleeps tonight!)
SHANK: Bloody hell!
GURU: There's your match, Shank. Let me filter out the radio and the backround noise, because her levels need to be a tad higher. Give me a few minutes, lads.
(The song that Crystal Treasure sang along with the radio was an old one. First recorded in the early 1930's by an African gentleman who had no way of knowing that one day in the 1950's, a group of American folksingers would flub the lyrics, and give it a new name: Wimoweh. In 1961, a doo-wop band named the Tokens would turn it into a number-one hit under the title The Lion Sleeps Tonight. But whatever you wanted to call it—meaning the first nine notes in particular—it was just exactly what the search program was seeking: a nine-note pattern that synced with Lori's calming algorithm, which conditioned the amorphous blob into what appeared to be an almost perfect circle.)
GURU: OK, according to our friends at Wiki, the Weavers, a popular group of communist folksingers—just kidding!—well, they had a minor hit with the ditty, entitled 'Wimoveh' in 1955.
SHANK: How about Solomon Linda and the Evening Birds; 1939? Mbube (You Are a Lion), recorded on 78 rpm lacquer!
GURU: Those were the days!
MIKE: That last morning at Ikil's yurt… I was just fooling around with the cam!
SHANK: Who would have known? And to think that I had such high hopes for the Macedonian Monks…
MIKE: And Ikil himself! Are you absolutely sure, Mr. Guru?
GURU: That's definitely Dr. Lori Dryer's blob, boys. Shall we start over?
SHANK: Why don't we take a few minutes and refresh ourselves.
 (2 hours later)
GURU: This definitely DOES compute, Shank. Thanks to the Grasshopper, here.
MIKE: Aw shucks, it was nothing, really—
SHANK: Shut up, Chen! OK, let's check in with Boffin, and pack everything up.
MIKE: Put the chairs up on the tables, and the last one out, don't forget to turn out the lights.
BOFFIN: (by Yak text): I knew you would find our elusive crystal! Well done! Everybody is quite excited on this end. Lori is very eager to get started! By the way, this just in: a certain Mr. Nigel Flinth has just signed an exclusive contract with the NCC News Network, as 'Contributing West Coast Correspondent'! Curious and curiouser! What other surprises from your fabled past are in store, Shank? Your old nemesis, Sir William Gallows, does own a chunk of NCC News, by the way. Incestuous! Check out Mr. Flinth's latest posting! (see link) Thanks again, fellow pilgrims, and well done!

THIRD EYE HOAX? 
by Nigel Flinth NCC News (by special arrangement with Gallows Media, LTD.)
As I reported in my last post, Stephen “Orpheus” Shank, and Michael “Grasshopper” Chen, both on the hustle for billionaire Boffin Syznic, slipped out of India after I tracked them down in Delhi, and cornered them with hard and inconvenient questions, concerning the fraudulent Third Eye Patch. Just doing my job. Both of them were snarky and evasive, and lit out of Delhi by way of a private jet. Non-deterred, I tracked the slippery con men to Singapore and Honolulu, but once again, the cowards gave me the slip after planting a false story in the Press that they were bound for Shank's rented vacation house in Southern California.
After recharging my batteries in Malibu, I received a tip that our elusive and wayward con men were hiding out in the mountains near Big Bear, CA. I drove up there without delay, and located 'Orpheus' and 'Grasshopper' in the bar lounge at Arrowhead Casino, in a state of which I'll politely describe as 'drunken debauchery'. Both of these fine fellows were incapable of mustering any further attempt at escape. Game over. 
After a bit of bullocks and incoherent babble, 'Orpheus' passed out with his head on the table; keeping in character from his London days. Weary of the chase and clearly in over his head, 'Grasshopper' threw in the towel. He was ready to talk about the “Patch Hoax”.
“I'm broke, and in debt up to my eyeballs. I just wanted to make a little money to pay off creditors and loan sharks. Boffin Syznic made me an offer.”
I zeroed in on the Patch. What was it supposed to do?
“I'll tell you what it's NOT supposed to do. In no way would I lend my name to a mind control device, never. I don't want to guide or control anyone! Anybody who has read my books should know that. I just want everyone to be happy and free.”
'Grasshopper' sounded sincerely like a man who, having been cornered, wanted to come clean. He had a lot more to say about the 3rd Eye Patch Hoax, and I will expound on that and more, in my next posting. The People's Right to Know is the objective of these posts, so stay tuned.

NCC REPORTER STUNG IN PATCH PRANK
by Marsha Portrero, The Eco-Tittler
Surely Nigel Flinth of Gallows Media and NCC News can expect little sympathy, let alone credibility, from those of us in the Journalism Profession, after being stung in an elaborate prank involving diverted flights, mountain roads, and look-a-like imposters leading a lively chase from Asia to the mountains of Southern California. After being denied his 'scoop', Mr. Flinth decided to manufacture one. Tsk, tsk, tsk, Gallows Media! So much for the so-called Patch 'hoax'! After finding himself backed against the wall, Mr. Flinth decided that there was truth and wisdom in that age-old adage: If you can't beat 'em, join 'em!
Two men, claiming to be Stephen 'Orpheus' Shank (DMZ) and Michael 'Grasshopper' Chen (Everything I Say…) were quoted at length in Flinth's latest NCC NewsWire posting. Private investigators hired by the Tittler confirmed that two men by those names DID check into the Big Bear Hotel and Casino, however security footage obtained by the Tittler reveals that the two men quoted by Flinth were in fact, fakes. Flinth is clearly seen in the footage, drinking with the phonies in the casino lounge. On further investigation, the Tittler has discovered that the imposters were contracted out of the Star Line Agency, in Hollywood, CA.
Robert Garth, 36, and Eddie Nugh, 29, both of Los Angeles CA, were given scripts and told to report to Big Bear Casino to begin shooting on a new 'docudrama', entitled 'The Third Eye Hoax'. They were contracted to play Shank and Chen, respectively. When they discovered that the 'shoot' was a hoax, they decided to enjoy themselves at the casino, because, as Robert Garth told this reporter: “Why the hell not? The Agency had already paid for our room and expenses, not to mention quite a generous advance!”
Eddie Nugh added, “Right! So this little British guy comes up to us and says he's a reporter, so I read a little of the script out loud to him. Heck, we all were a little looped by then, even the Limey. Nice enough fellow, and he even paid for the drinks!”
Nigel Flinth and his editors at Gallows Media could not be reached for comment at press time.

Mike and Shank sat outside the cabin on a bench overlooking the Pacific. The sun was well up in the east, and the moon was setting into a fog bank in the west. They passed a flask of the good stuff back and forth, and grooved on the incredible view.
Guru had split some time ago (with the processed algorithm data) to rendezvous with some of Boffin's employees at Bonny Doone Airport, about ten miles away. Boffin, Guru, Mimi, and assorted tech types were ready to begin preliminary testing in Boffin's expanded underground bunker lab. Mike opened a beer to chase down the whiskey.
“Boffin's 'crystal treasure'…” 
“Bloody hell, Chen, you were so right, as usual! Hey, I'm more than willing to keep an open mind, but me brain is just too tired at the moment.”
“Not to mention a little bit inebriated!—So our good friend Nigel has made it to the Big Time, Shankus! NCC News! Just a coincidence?”
“Coincidence my arse! Nigel Flinth has always been the pet hit-man journalist of a certain Media Mogul and Crime Boss Thug—that jolly, capital fellow that Boffin referred to.”
“This Lord Gallows gent? The same guy that ripped off you and your band?”
“The very same, although he is a SIR, and not a LORD, you ignorant Yankee rube! Did you know that this very same William Gallows actually had a contract out on my life for a while? He later had a change of heart, and sent out a peace offering, but I was long gone by then. SIR William Gallows is a killer, mate, the real thing. Don't fall for all of that 'English Gentlemen' rubbish. I got out just in time.”
“Flinth has really outdone himself this time! Can he really get away with this pack of lies?”
“Well, he didn't really 'lie', at least not technically, you know? When he realized that he had been set up with those imposters hired by Boffin, he decided to roll with with it, and play along. Why not? Remember that he used quotation marks around the names 'Orpheus' and  'Grasshopper'… very sneaky, that Flinth, although I am beginning to suspect that William Gallows is the actual brainiac behind all of this.”
“Hardcore… OK, so what now, Shankers?”
“Just keep on keeping on. Boffin will think of something. We've entered the media war now, Bog help us. It's now time for Jenny to step up to plate and kick some serious arse! She has her work cut out for her, but she just lives for this stuff!”
“Indeed, Jenny always did love a good fight.”
“And you've got the battle scars to prove it!”
“Now you know my dirty little secret, Shankers!”

36: In The Bunker With Lori

July 16
Boffin, Mimi, Guru, and a handful of Boffin's top technicians, toil nonstop for three days and nights. Twenty dummy patches are produced first, for the purpose of bluffing 'The Enemy' as the Guru calls them. These patches are referred to as Batch P minus One. If all goes according to plan, one of these will end up with Peter Derringer.
(The dummies are designed to run on conventional solar powered threads, wired to the tiny microchip that relays a redundant 1.2.1.2 algorithm.)
Then without delay, one hundred of the real deal (dubbed P-2) roll off Boffin's proto-patch press. The P-2 Patches (4.1.4.) run on an advanced (and copyrighted) system powered by the body's constant heat, an incredible technological breakthrough of nano-technology. Fifty are put aside for Lori, and fifty are held in reserve for the Table.
Last, but not least, fifty patches with an enhanced frequency of 3 X P-2 (dubbed P-3) are produced for a special application: These are to be rushed pronto to Boff's secret testing facility in the Sierra Foothills above Modesto, CA, where one Ricardo Radcliffe, an associate of Rem Peterson, is waiting with a select group of meth-heads and winos. This test is to be conducted without Dr. Dryer's knowledge (or approval). Radcliffe is the guy you sometimes need to call—someone outside the law. Radcliffe can hold his own in a room full of cops, or a roadhouse hosting a Hell's Angels Bachelor Party. A good man to have on hand, when a dirty job cannot be avoided.

Boffin sits with Mimi in the bunker. It is 7:00 AM; the fourth day.
“Lori is on the way?”
“She will be here any minute,” says Mimi.
“I hope she doesn't bite our heads off.”
“Speak for yourself, Boff-man. Meanwhile, I could sleep for a week.”
The first batch of the Third Eye Patch, 120 in all, are stacked on the work table in front of them, already encased in their protective cellophane. The twenty 'dummies' are in yellow and green wrap, the 10 blank patches (for the control group) have silver wrappings, and the remaining 'real deal' P-2s are wrapped in blue. (The 50 P-3 s for Radcliffe's research are wrapped in red, and are already en route to Modesto.)
Dr. Lori Dryer is on the way to take delivery of her allotment for the first 'official' round of testing.
“Let the games begin,” says Boffin, as Mimi gathers the stacks of Patches into a shopping bag.

Lori Dryer's elation at receiving the first lot of Third Eye Patches turns sour when Boffin and Mimi lead her down into the bunker and brief her for the first time about ComCo, PerryPharm, FW Piltdown, and the mole, the saboteur in their midst: David Cross, attorney for the Table Foundation. Lori shakes her head in disbelief.
“Are you sure, Boffin? Look, I have known David for years…”
“I wish it wasn't so,” says Mimi sadly.
“David is not to blame,” says Boffin, “at least not at first. He was selected, shanghaied, and sandbagged by entities of evil. Lori, these people hold no ethics, values, or principles. Inhumane and cynical sociopaths. Dave certainly didn't start this.”
Noting the sadness in Lori's eyes, Boffin is firm on the necessity to thwart the  enemies of the Patch, both Corporate, and Government.
“The success of the Patch hangs in the balance, Lori. We must let Dave 'succeed' so we can see which way we have to go and what to expect, when they do make their move against us.”
“Who is he working for, Boffin? Is it PerryPharm?”
“No, but PerryPharm was the first to show their hand. As for David… he doesn't know, wait, I don't THINK he knows who he is working for. He is a victim, a prisoner of forces beyond his control.”
Boffin tells Lori about the Indigo Project, and David's transformation into a government asset and zombie, run by his supervising agent in place.
“He sometime sees her as a woman of shadows, and sometimes as an angel of light… a riddle, wrapped in a mystery, inside an enigma… a woman who is dispassionate as an ice-flow and vulnerable as a flower child… a fellow traveler who, in soothing his tortured soul, loses her very own.”
Lori stares at Boffin in wonder.
“Sorry, Lori! I was never very good at poetry.”
“Are you kidding me, Boffin? That was just—beautiful!”
Boffin harrumphs, and gives Lori the rundown on Beta Bronski, ex of Mike Chen, and rookie G-Woman in the service of the Great Eye, the FBI, and the National Agency of Science and Technology.
“These entities in turn serve ComCo, better known as 'The Consortium', which includes PerryPharm, Lori.”
Boffin lists all of the key companies, players, movers and shakers.
“Beta Bronski has established a working relationship with Peter Derringer, of Mackeyville McCool. It has been decided from above, that the Patch will go to Derringer, over PerryPharm's objections.”
“The Patch… our Patch.”
“Derringer and Mackeyville-McCool intend to steal it and market their own version of the Patch, for themselves.”
“Can they really do this? You make it sound like it's just a big game.”
“Right! Ever play chess, Lori? —Check!”
Lori shakes her head in disbelief. “David Cross?”
“We were actually lucky to get wind of this business with David, and we now have the advantage, coming out of the starting gate. We can still get the Patch, the real one, out onto the market before they can put out their own version.”
“Wait a minute,” says Lori, “they can't just steal your copyright, or can they?”
“No,” Mimi replies, “but they can learn the Patch's workings, deconstruct it, fiddle around with it, rearrange it—and rush a copycat version out onto the market, a cheaper and inferior product. As you know, I am a Systems Analyst, and I can tell you how all of this can play out. This is a race, and whoever gets their version of the Patch out first, wins. ComCo will have the full power of the Media behind him, and WE will be ridiculed, slandered, and worse. It might not be fair, but there it is.”
Incredulous and outraged, Lori angrily wipes a tear from her cheek.
“Is this how the business world really operates, Boffin? Look, I wasn't born yesterday, but please tell me that this isn't so!”
“I'm sorry, Lori, but it's a real shark pool out there. I wish it could be otherwise.”
Boffin shows her the dummy Patches, wrapped in green foil.
“We need to buy more time. These babies are ringers, zingers—booby-traps, if you please. Designed to befuddle and baffle the bastards with time-consuming traps, tangents, bells and whistles, enabling us to get a jump on them.”
Boffin then held up a P-2 Patch, wrapped in blue.
“The real deal. We intend to manufacture as many of these as we can, on the sly, before Uncle Sam tosses in the forfeit flag, and charges the field. It could come to that, Dr. Lori. If our competitors can't get their hands on the prize, they will call in the Marines. So—Dave must acquire one of the fakes, so the charade can continue.”
“Does Jenny know?”
“Not yet, and mum's the word—at least for another week or two. Jenny will be fully briefed when she comes home from New York—now wait a second, and hear me out. This is important, Lori. It is positively essential that Jennifer remains focused as we now prepare to launch the Patch. The media beasts are laying in wait, sharpening their knives. Why distract her right now at this critical moment? The fate of the Patch now hangs with Jenny. She is now in training, preparing for the coming media blitz. The vultures are circling, and the vampires are readying the sandbags! Look, Jen doesn't really know it yet, but she is our ringer, our ace in the hole, and her big moment is coming, and those poor dumb bastards won't even know what hit them before she is finished with them! All of our hopes and dreams are riding on her.”
Lori smiles dubiously. “If I know Jennifer, she just might tell us all to go to hell, and never speak to us again—”
Suddenly, both Lori and Boffin begin to cry, and Mimi silently hands them both some napkins. Boffin wipes his eyes, and takes Lori's hand.
“I feel rotten, just rotten about it, but the Patch must move forward. Everything that we have worked so hard for is now on the line. You do understand, don't you?”
Lori nods sadly. She does understand, having gone through years of hell when she was blacklisted and her career (and marriage) was destroyed by the FDA and the AMDO, on behest of the very same PerryPharm Corporation that was now trying to sabotage and destroy the Patch.
Once again, Boffin holds a glittering Patch up into the light, for Lori's inspection.
“This is where we stand: The Third Eye Patch, the culmination of years of painstaking research that we have all shed blood, sweat, and tears, to bring to realization, is now a reality. We are standing at the crossroads, Lori. We need to move on this, or all will be lost.”
Lori hangs her head down and begins to weep. “Oh Jenny, please forgive me.”
That night, dark thoughts and tears of frustration trouble Lori's meditations.

Book 7 Beta's War

37: Beta and The Art of War

Beta and Agent Don White rendezvous at the Bryant Street StartUps to touch bases. Don is in a less than good mood this morning, and he doesn't even compliment Beta on her new outfit: a stunning aqua mini-dress, spun from the sheerest silk which radiates rainbow-like and abalone shell in the light. A beige mini-sweater, not to mention a string of pearls and a pair of teal 'come to me' stiletto heels, round out her outfit. With her raven hair brushed back from her temples and her forehead, Beta looks as fresh as a rose in the first glow of sunrise.
Don has specifically requested that Beta spice up her wardrobe and appearance, but this morning he seems to be preoccupied, and Beta is vaguely disappointed that he does not compliment her stunning new outfit with his usual approval and appreciation.
“Something has come up back in DC, and I will be gone for maybe a week, God forbid. I commend you on what you have given us so far, but I am disappointed at our inability to get a foot through the door on the Table's inner councils. David Cross has taken us as far as he can go, evidently.”
Beta does her best to hide her uneasiness. Although the FDA was now tentatively on board, there was yet another holdup, this time on Syznic's end. According to David, Dr. Dryer has been busy troubleshooting and tweaking with the new 'Brainshot' consoles, direct from Syznic's laboratories. All of that was now taken care of, David assured her. The final date for 'D-Day' was expected to be announced at any time.
“There is still the upcoming round of tests, Don.”
“Yes, and I want you to keep on top of that, as best as you can. We would like to get a closer look at one of those so-called Brainshot units.”
“I'm working on that, Don.”
“Good enough.—Agent Bronski, my superiors are seriously thinking about transferring you to a new and much more challenging assignment of vital importance.”
Beta's heart skips a beat. “Sir?”
“Your private life is your own business, of course.”
Beta does not reply to that, and Don nervously clears his throat before continuing.
“The man that I answer to, suggests that you, um, get better acquainted with Peter Derringer. Keep an eye on him, and so on.” Now it is Don's turn to look uncomfortable. “David Cross's usefulness to our mission, has, um, run its course. My superiors believe that Derringer, and not PerryPharm, is our best way to bring down Syznic and his nest of vipers.”
(Cocoa Brown had predicted all of this: Agent Don White's National Security mantra was just a joke, a script —a script of bullshit! In its infinite wisdom, the United States Government had decided (and decreed) that this technology was just too big, too vast, for just one entity to control. Boffin Syznic was to share the golden goose, or else.)
Don fiddles with an unlit cigarette. “You do have Derringer's private encrypted cell number, correct?”
“Yes, sir.”
“Right, good. Keep a line of communication open with the man, because you will be working with him, coordinating, um, troubleshooting—”
Don pauses momentarily, and Beta perceives just a trace of contempt in his voice. Don can't quite hide his disapproval of the direction the operation is going in.
If you only knew, Don!
Unbeknownst to Agent Don White, Beta has already set up a secret meeting with Peter Derringer this very morning at Whimpy's Burger Palace at Third and Mission. This will be in fact, her second secret pow-wow with 'The Dominator'—without David or Mark Diller in attendance. After much thought, Beta has decided to move on with her life, once (and if) she successfully passes the Patch on to Derringer. If all goes well, she will respectively submit her resignation to Cocoa Brown and the Great Gog, and then proceed to grab her slice of the ComCo pie. After all, she has gone the extra mile (and more!) just to get to this point. Beta's 'mission' is nearing its successful completion, and now she eagerly looks forward to reap her well-earned rewards—not to mention her well-deserved nest-egg! 
My private life is nobody's business but my own.
Beta is certain that if she plays her cards right, she will be a millionaire before Christmas. Never mind that she is double-dealing both Derringer and Don, and taking a monumental risk, but her fragile sanity is relatively tentative these days, let alone her sense of ethics. 
All's fair, Agent White!
Don studies his unlit cigarette.
“Acquiring this technology is our highest priority, and this coming round of tests will be the last best chance for you to get your hands on the Patch before it goes into production. Get it for us, Beta, before we run out of time.”
“Yes, sir.”
Beta remembers Cocoa Brown's comment that Agent White was “way behind the curve,” and was due for an “early retirement.” 
Don continues with his National Security spiel.
“There still may be time to save Michael Chen, although it doesn't look very good for him, I'm sorry to say. Ask yourself this, Beta: why did Syznic send Chen to Russia? In a private jet, by the way. Think about it. Our sources are still trying to determine the purpose of Chen's stopover in the city of Baku, a hot-bed of fundamentalist activity, conveniently near the Iranian border.”
Don pauses to sip his coffee.
“Boffin Syznic is a dangerous man, obsessed with obtaining power. He and his group of subversives are allied with foreign enemies, and are a clear and present danger to our nation. If it was up to me, I would move right on in and round up the whole bunch of them—but I am considered a hothead, a cowboy. I, we, must obey and trust the wisdom of our superiors.”
“Don, please believe me—Mike Chen and David Cross are not terrorists! I am positively certain of it.”
“I am truly sorry Beta, but the evidence is overwhelming. These people are violent and delusional. We can only hope and pray that Michael Chen will have his chance to explain and defend himself—in a court of law, along with the others.”
Beta doesn't like the way this conversation is going.
“Oh no, Don. Mike would never commit an act of violence, I swear. Neither would David—take my word for it, both of them are absolute pussycats!”
“I sincerely hope that you are right, Beta, and I will do everything I can to keep them out of the line of fire, if, God forbid, it comes to that.”
Beta suddenly feels a chill in her bones.
(Line of fire, Don?)
Agent White finishes his coffee, and rises from the table.
“Bring us the Patch, Beta. Time is running out. The Patch just might lead us to the OtherNet, which is just as dangerous to our society as terrorist bombs. Do not doubt me on this. Assist Peter Derringer in any way you can. I have a flight to catch. I'd like to return by the 28th but knowing the DC bureaucracy, I probably won't be back until the 30th, at the earliest. Call me on my encrypted line if anything comes up.”
“Yes, sir.”
Don leans in close (close enough to kiss) and whispers in her ear:
“Let Cross down easy, Beta, and don't look back. Sacrifices have to be made. David Cross is a dead end, and has no future… with us.”
Beta suddenly feels a lurch in her guts, because now for the first time, she clearly hears menace and death in Don White's voice. His lips gently brush her ear, and he abruptly turns and leaves the cafe. Beta is stunned, and sits like a statue frozen in stone. Paralyzed with fear, Beta groks with crystal finality that Don is a killer, a dealer in death. She has vaguely suspected, of course, but 'Special Agent Don White' has finally removed his mask. Recalling her conversation with Cocoa Brown, Beta is mostly sure that Don has been lying about Mike, but she is suddenly, positively, certain without a doubt in her mind, that David's life is in extreme jeopardy, and maybe her own as well. Something is nagging at her in the back of her mind, something important, but she just can't remember it, in her confused and paranoid state. 
I need to meditate and get myself focused.
Beta sits very quietly for a minute or so before she is composed enough to rise from her seat and calmly walk out the exit to the busy street.

“Steady, girl, steady.”
A few doors down from StartUps, Cocoa Brown sits in her car, hand over her earpiece, listening to the feed transmitting from Beta's new jade earrings.
“Cowboy has just tipped his hand, and is makin' threats,” she says to Gog, via her RedSnout headpiece phone. “Speak of the Devil—”
FW Piltdown emerges from the cafe and strides away down the sidewalk, unaware of Brown, safe behind her tinted windows.
“There he goes, the nasty little motherjumper.”
“I am sending him to back to DC for, ahem, bureaucratic reasons,” replies the Big G, back at the Grove. “THOR wants to be brought up to date, so I have dispatched Piltdown to brief him.”
“Is that wise, sir?”
“Piltdown is to present my report to the President, and to answer any questions candidly, and truthfully.”
“What about Bronski, sir? Piltdown just scared the shit out of her —I can hear her pulse—wait, here she comes… oh boy, you should see her face… she looks like she just saw a goose walk over her grave, sir.”
As Beta steps outside onto the sidewalk, one of her brand new high-heels suddenly breaks clean off her shoe, and she almost goes down right on her can, but thanks to a handy lamp post, she grabs a hold and spins wildly around, recovering her balance. Beta's gymnastics earns whoops and cheers from passing cars and pedestrians, as she rapidly yanks down her hiked-up skirt, which earns her a few more wolf whistles.
Just wonderful, she grumbles as she removes her shoes and flags a passing cab which pulls right over and double-parks on the busy boulevard. Hobbling over in her stocking feet, she slides into the back seat, grimacing in pain. She has twisted her ankle, damn it all anyway! So much for the $300 shoes!
“Where to, ma'am?”
“Whimpy's, please.”
Beta sits back and closes her eyes. So much for her grandiose plans!
Maybe me and David should just get out of Dodge.
Yeah, right.
I need to call Cathy Braunstein.

Outside in her car, Brown chuckles when Beta almost goes down on her ass, but salutes her agile recovery.
“Ooh boy, what WERE you thinkin' girl, when you bought those shoes, 'n that teeny-weeny dress?”
Gog's voice in her RedSnout interrupts her mirth and amusement.
“Are you there, Cocoa?”
“Yes, sir, I copy. OK, our 'lil Miss Bronski is safely on her way to her next appointment.”
“An important one, no doubt! I do think it is time to bring Miss Bronski fully into the loop, Cocoa. I have decided that her future is with you and me, and not with Mr. Piltdown, which isn't any future at all! I want you to give our girl a little reassurance and encouragement, not to mention a little more info, don't you think? See to it.”
“Roger, out.”
Brown already knows Beta's destination, and being in no hurry, she decides to get a cup of java herself.
“May you live in interesting times,” Brown murmurs to herself. “What a world.”
Cocoa Brown chuckles at the memory of that last night in Lisbon, when she and Fabio, posing as room service attendants (complete with service cart), stealthily entered Mark Diller's suite as Diller noisily entertained himself with a call girl in the master bedroom. They silently hoisted Clemente out the cart, and left him in an easy chair, looking comfortable, rested, peaceful, and yes, quite dead.
(Take that, you asshole Casanova!)
Twenty-four hours later, Brown and Fabio were back at the Grove, digging the California sunshine. Meanwhile, Mark Diller was still hiding out in Europe.
Cocoa chuckles as she sips her coffee.
“You gotta come home sometime, Blondie… amateur asshole!”
Brown finishes her coffee, and heads back out to her car, and resumes her surveillance. Later today or tomorrow morning, she will bring Beta Bronski fully up to date on the Indigo Project, and FW Piltdown.

Beta breaks the stiletto heel free from her other shoe, and slips her feet into her now flat-heeled shoes. As she slides out of the cab she notices an embarrassing run in her pantyhose.
“Oh piss on everything,” she mutters as she hobbles uncomfortably into Whimpy's Mongolian Burger and Pizza Palace. Her ankle is already swelling, and her feet aren't doing much better. She spots Derringer right away, over in a booth by the window. A motorcycle helmet sits on the table in front of him. As Beta approaches the window seat, she passes a table and startles an old man who abruptly spits out a mouthful of coffee, not to mention his dentures! The old fellow stupidly gapes up at her with his gob wide open. Consciously aware that her dress is maybe a little too snug and provocative for today's business, Beta slides into the seat opposite Derringer with an audible sigh.
“What happened to you, luscious?”
“High heel malfunction.”
Beta isn't in a very good mood, and Derringer's inner radar warns him that she isn't going to tolerate much of his bullshit this morning. Beta's refusal to be intimidated only fuels his enjoyment on getting her goat, although her insistence on maintaining eye contact makes him feel uncomfortable. No matter.
“Talk to me, Peter.”
“You go first, Bronski.”
Beta produces a pen from her purse and jots down two symbols ($?) on a napkin and slides it across the table. Derringer winks as he pulls out a little scanner, and points it directly in front of her bosoms. That does it for Beta, who snatches the device out of his hand, and smashes it on the tabletop.
“ENOUGH already of this silly nonsense! Why can't you just grow up—”
“And die right? Ooh boy, peace, baby, and keep your panties on! Wait a minute, on second thought—”
“Spill it, Derringer!”
“OK, Bronski, I'll get right to the point. I could use a person of your caliber at Mackeyville-McCool. How about it? Would you like to come aboard as Vice President of Marketing? Or maybe join my legal team—you are going for the bar exam, right? Look, this isn't a job offer, but a career I'm offering here, a golden opportunity—”
As Derringer chats about perks and McCool's profit sharing plan, he slides the pen and napkin back across the table. Beta doesn't miss a beat.
“Your offer of a position at McCool is very generous, and I'm very flattered, but I'm happy where I am, for the time being.”
“I'm just asking you to think about it, Bronski. By the way, we are putting a calendar together: Derringer's Divas. Swimsuit models, hubba-hubba. You interested?”
“Oh boy, Pete, talk about a golden opportunity—my own slot in a girlie calendar? Hmmm, I am quite fond of October.”
Beta glances at her wristwatch. “Look, this has been really fun, but I'm running late, my shoes are shot, and I need to flag down another cab.”
“Ha! Do you know how long THAT will take? C'mon, my BSA is right outside. I can have you home in less than five minutes.”
Beta laughs, in spite of herself.
“Peter, if you haven't noticed, but I'm not, um, adequately dressed for this sort of thing!”
“Oh, I noticed, sweetheart!” Derringer grins and holds up his helmet. “Put this on and nobody will see your face, Bronski.”
Beta runs her hands along her slinky skirt, and sighs loudly.
“I'm not that worried about people staring at my face, if you know what I mean!”
“Oh, do I!”
 “OK, Danger Man, let's go!”
Derringer laughs as he returns the busted scanner to his pocket.
“Let's ride, Mama!”

Safe behind tinted glass, Cocoa Brown pulls up a few car lengths behind Derringer's motorcycle, right out in front of 1 Rincon Hill. Beta turns more than a few heads as she removes her helmet, letting her raven hair spill free. Unfortunately, this just isn't Beta's day, because just as she swings her leg around to hop off Derringer's BSA, the hem of her new dress tears all the way up to her armpit—unbelievable! The blasted dress cost $600! Beta forces herself not to scream as she shoves the helmet into Derringer's hands. A brisk breeze flaps the fabric of her skirt about quite merrily, and her cute little sweater is the only thing that is keeping the flimsy thing from blowing away altogether! For the second time this morning, Beta closes her eyes and stoically endures the oh-so-predictable whoops, wolf-whistles, and honking horns from passing cars, not to mention gawking pedestrians. Derringer roars away down Bryant Street with an evil smirk on his face. Beta ignores the gawkers as she bravely holds the waistline of her ruined dress together, and with what dignity she can muster, she hobbles into the parking garage, instead of the lobby. Flipping open her phone, she calls David, who tells her he is only five minutes away.
Cocoa Brown shakes her head again, as she pulls out into traffic. 
“The Candy Man can, oh the Candy Man can! Derringer's made his pitch, 'n Bronski's bitin'”
“I care not,” replies the Gog, “just as long as Derringer receives the booby prize.”
“Look's like it's happenin' sir.”
“Well done, Cocoa. Come on home, and let's call it a day. Piltdown is now in the air, as we speak, and tomorrow is another day in Paradise.”

The clock on the wall reads 11:00 A.M. David and Beta lie naked in the late morning sunshine streaming in through Beta's picture window. David tokes on a fat one, but Beta begs off as usual, and instead puffs on a cigarette, as she absently plays with David's now-limp penis.
Dazed, confused, and clearly in over his head, Dave suspects that something is going on behind the scenes, something about Beta, but he can't put his finger on it.  Maybe it just was the quality dope Beta always seemed to have around. And how about her new job with the Manatee Foundation? Manatee Foundation? Curious, he did indeed check out their website on GIGGLE, and there was Beta's name, listed as 'Legal Research, Berkeley, CA' What the foundation actually did, was pretty vague.
“We are dedicated to the establishment of a Digital Democracy, and the leveling of the playing field regarding technological advances in the Arts and Sciences, and the Betterment of Humankind.”
One post in particular, suggests that Boffin Syznic's lucrative monopoly on beneficial applications might better be off in the 'Public Domain' (How many more hundreds of millions of dollars does Syznic really need?) Another post is an indictment of the Pharmaceutical Industry (particularly PerryPharm), in harsh, concise language. This stuff is right up Dave's alley, and he wonders why he has never heard of the Manatee Foundation before. Well, these organizations come and go, he reasons.
David has come to the conclusion that Beta and the Manatees are right: Boffin Syznic, for all his 'outlaw' public persona, is just another one of the big shots, a member of the ruling elite. David and Jenny are in fact, working for the enemy. Jenny now—
Jenny is beginning to distance herself from him, and her emails are flat, and to the point. They haven't spoken by phone in more than a week.
(Am I losing you, Jen?)
Beta has been very moody lately, definitely more uptight than usual, constantly reminding him of their upcoming split. The situation is way too surreal, and he doesn't know who is more crazy—Beta, or himself! Take for example that totally bizarre scene down in the parking garage, only an hour ago. Beta's phone call had been weird enough.
“Honey, can you meet me downstairs in the parking garage? Silly me, I've locked myself out of my car!”
Beta never called him 'honey'. What was she up to?
When Dave arrived, Beta was sitting in her car, smoking a cigarette. Tossing her butt, she smiled sheepishly. "Oops, I managed to get it open. Hop on in, I want to show you something!"
“Mercy, mercy, I can see already! What the devil happened to your dress?”
“Damn it, would you believe that the freaking fabric split right in two, just as I was getting into the goddamn car? Genuine Doupioni silk from Milan, too! Unbelievable! —Now hush, and check this out!”
David slid into the car, and they necked for a few minutes. Suddenly, right out of left field, Beta shoved a note into David's face, and he gasped in surprise.
We are under surveillance! Don't talk, and give me a kiss!  
“?”
Between kisses, Beta ran her finger down a sheet of paper, one point after another. 
The spooks at PerryPharm have placed listening devices in both of our apartments! (pause for a kiss)
Who knows where else? Deal with it, OK? (pause for a kiss)
We need to keep our heads, and keep our mouths shut! (pause for a kiss)
PerryPharm must NEVER get wind of our deal with Derringer. (pause for a kiss)
Dave took the pen and paper.
– I never did trust that Diller character! So what do we do? (pause for a kiss)
– From now on, we must speak in 'code', or not at all, comprende? If we really need to, we can pass notes, but only if we are really careful. (pause for a kiss)
Beta gave him a lingering kiss as Dave fumbled with the pen and paper. 
– This deal IS happening, right?
– 200 K, on delivery.
Not quite the million Diller promised them, but not quite chicken feed, either! 
– We can blow town, and sail to Tahiti for a year or two!
– Not a chance, David. Our time is nearly up. Both of us have to move on, once we pass the Patch on to Derringer. (pause for a kiss) I promise that you won't be a suspect, I guarantee it, if you do everything I tell you to do. (pause for another kiss) You must go back to Jennifer Morgan, as soon as she returns from New York. Make your life with her. (pause for another kiss) She is a good woman, a much better woman than I am. We agreed on all of this, remember?
Beta then opened up the car door, took him by the arm, and led him back towards the elevators.
But now, as David lies with Beta upstairs in the sunlit window, he tokes on his joint and wonders if Jennifer IS going to take him back. Everything is just too confusing, and he just isn't sure of anything, any more. 
Beta stretches lazily, and rises from the floor to fetch a book from the kitchen table. Upon returning to the sunny window, she drops a few ice cubes on Dave's nether regions, and he rolls over onto his stomach with a start.
“Whoa, nasty, baby!” He shivers as she drops a few more cubes on his back.
 “Ah, that's nice, babe.”
Both of them chuckle. Beta plops her copy of The Art of War onto Dave's butt, and finds her bookmark. Both of them are silent as Beta reads for a little while. All of a sudden, David begins to weep.
“Don't leave me, Beta, please don't go…”
Beta is startled from her reading. Dave is really sobbing!
“Oh, David,” she whispers, “we've had this out already, we agreed—”
Beta slithers her way on top of him. “Oh, damn it baby, don't cry… hush, hush…”

After yabyum, both of them continue to laze and doze in the sunshine. Beta reads her book, as the morning passes into afternoon. David hums absently, and does feel a little better. When his phone rings, he flips it open and answers cheerfully. “Cross, here.”
It is Dr. Lori Dryer. “It's Showtime, Dave! I need you first thing tomorrow morning.”
David sits up abruptly, and snaps his fingers to get Beta's attention.
“Is it on, Lori?” Dave speaks very low into the mouthpiece, on account of the listening devices. Beta nods, and gives him a thumbs up.
“Yes indeed, Dave. Finally. Test Group 3 has finally been selected and notified. It's a go.”
Lori gives David the address, and he jots it down on the book's inside cover.
“The FDA has somebody coming in to observe. I'll need you around, if you're not busy.”
“Ten-four, Lori.”
“There still is a lot to do, way too much to do, so I can't really chat right now.”
“Say no more, Lori. I'll see you bright and early.”
David flips the phone closed, with a big wide smile on his face. He takes the pen and jots down on Beta's book sleeve:
Who's your daddy, babe?
Beta steps into her panties, and reaches for her navy blue skirt, which is a little longer and definitely more modest than the disaster that she foolishly wore this morning!
“Mommy says, go take your shower, while I make some coffee.”
As Dave takes his shower, Beta calls Peter Derringer on his private encrypted line.
“Peter, I've been doing a little thinking about that calendar gig—no, really! I don't see why not, what the hell! I actually had some good ones taken recently, professional promos, very tasty and oh, maybe a little softcore for your liking, but still quite provocative, you know? If you swear to me that you won't share them… why don't I send them along, say, tomorrow morning?”
(It's on for tomorrow morning. Get your people together.)
“Yee-haw, now you're talking, Bronski! Now don't go Maxim on me, sweetheart! I want to see the real deal, full frontal, full monty!”
“Hmmm, we'll see… I'll call you early, OK?”
Beta hangs up, certain that Derringer has a lovely fantasy to keep him warm tonight! Pathetic! Beta giggles nervously as she buttons up the front of her sheer (but very tasteful) silk white blouse. Oh me, Peter, every dog DOES have his day.
Beta loosens a fold of her blouse free from the left cup of her pushup bra. 
“Ahem, that's better.”
Turning on the kettle, she sits herself down at the kitchen table, fishes through her purse for a hairbrush, and ponders on how she will navigate safely through the looming minefield.
David. What the hell am I going to do with him? So many things can go wrong, damn it all!
Beta's outward demeanor is cool and calm as she briskly brushes her hair and checks her makeup, but her mind is troubled by a growing sense of uneasiness and downright paranoia. Will Don will make his move, once David gets his hands on the Patch? Can they pass the Patch on to Derringer without tipping their hand to Don, at least for a day or two? If they can pull a fast one on Don, maybe David can light out for Mexico or even Tahiti! Well, anything was possible.
 Focus, girl, focus. 
Beta sips her instant coffee, and wonders where the kitchen microphones are located—maybe in the light fixtures? According to Cocoa Brown, most of the actual eavesdropping is conducted by computers programmed for particular keywords, red flags and such.
Now there are a few things that Agent White don't know about, and let's keep it that way… you've got to be cagey, and never tip your hand… 'n that includes your dealings with Don.
 Beta is pretty sure that Don is in the dark about her secret deal with Derringer. As far as Beta is concerned, her private affairs (illegal or not) are none of Don's damn business. This deal is strictly between Derringer and herself. The money has already been placed in an absolutely secure and anonymous account, totally untraceable. Maybe some of it can be used to finance David's getaway… David is still blissfully ignorant about the Government's role in this shady business, and Beta wants to keep it that way, because what he doesn't know won't hurt him! As far as David is concerned, this is just a greedy tug of war between Peter Derringer and the evil PerryPharm Corporation, competing for the golden goose, the big prize, the fabulous Third Eye Patch! Derringer intends to beat Syznic to the marketplace with his own copycat version, the ruthless, unethical capitalist pig! That's all Dave needs to know for the time being… and if he can keep his mouth shut and follow her instructions to the letter, maybe they can actually pull this little caper off with their skins intact, not to mention their lives. Beta and David can then take the money, go their own separate ways with their comfortable nest-eggs and live happily ever after. Well, she can hope, right? 
Looking at her watch, Beta sighs and drums her fingers along the kitchen table.
I can do this.

One hour later, Beta tells David to pull over at a carwash on Telegraph Ave, where she hops out and locates Cocoa Brown's pay phone (number 3) in the gift shop. After a few rings, Cathy Braunstein's flat, recorded voice requests that she leave her name, number, and a message. Beta then punches in the codeword: 2-5-2-2-5-9-4-3-6-9 (BLACKWIDOW), and speaks calmly into the mouthpiece:
“I think it's going to rain, and I don't have a raincoat.”

Beta and David spend a couple of hours in the storeroom at her Manatee Foundation office, and check out Derringer's electronics. They communicate by 'code' and passed notes, as David chats about several court cases coming up. Beta remarks that her new job with the Manatee Foundation was very boring and a dead-end to boot.
After running a few practice drills, Beta deems that they are more or less proficient with the gadgets, and she suggests that they close up shop, pick up some fast food, and call it a night at David's place.
They don't make love that night in Dave's Lake Merritt apartment. Citing a severe migraine headache, Beta flops onto his living room sofa, and although it is only 7:00 PM, she passes out immediately and sleeps like a dead woman for the next ten hours. Dave cools it with the dope, and instead puts on some soft music, drinks a beer, and checks his email and messages. After covering Beta with a blanket, he gently kisses her forehead, and goes to bed early himself.
At 5:00 AM, Beta sips a cup of instant coffee, and calls Peter Derringer. 
“You know where I'll be.”
“Now you're talking, Bronski! Don't forget the photos!”

The morning sun rises above the eastern hills, and as the fog retreats westward from the Berkeley Marina, David and Beta cruise up University Avenue in Dave's gold Corvette. David has left the top down, and the wind whips Beta's hair about her shoulders. When David hangs a right on Shattuck, Beta points to a vacant parking space near the intersection with Durant, and Dave guns the Corvette up the block to snatch it. Dr. Dryer's test facility is one block away, near the campus at Sather Street. (It had once been an abortion clinic.)
Today is P-Day, Round One of testing.
Dave slides the Corvette right in front of an outdoor natural foods cafe where a hippie guy sits a few feet away from the sidewalk, busy with his salad. Beta idly wonders if Agent White's assassins are lurking in the wings, waiting for the green light. 
Damn it, I've watched way too many movies!
Cathy Braunstein's warning is still foremost in her mind:
Always assume that Agent White is listenin' in, even if he ain't!
Beta tries to remain serene as she fusses with David's tie clip, which hides Derringer's state-of-the-art mini-cam, which is about the size of a cherry pit. As Beta fusses, they pass a notepad back and forth. Few words are spoken between them, only small talk and endearments.
“Give us a kiss, babe,” says David.
Beta smiles, and gives him his kiss.
“Do have yourself a real fun day! Don't forget to call me, honey.”
“Yes, ma'am.”
Beta swings her legs out of the Corvette, which causes the hippie guy to choke on his celery stick. “Glurk!” Beta steps out onto the sidewalk and smoothes down her bunched-up skirt as the helpless hippie gags, his eyes about ready to pop right out of his skull. A waitress hurries over to whacks the guy's back and he upchucks a wad of celery that sails through the air to splash into someone's bowl of soup at a different table. As Beta strolls away down the sidewalk, cell phone at her ear, the hapless hippie gawks at her silk skirt swishing, his mouth still wide open in dumb astonishment.

38: Patch

July 17
Dr. Lori Dryer watched the sunrise from the window of her office at the Durant Street testing facility. She had in fact spent the whole night in meditation, on a cot right in her office, with her little Buddha watching over her from her desk. Despite her anticipation and excitement that the long preparations and delays were over, she was also troubled, because she was now part of the intrigue, the manipulations, and the deception. It had fallen on her to allow David Cross to show his hand and expose his treachery.
Lori dressed and made herself ready for the big day. At 8:00 AM she unlocked the front doors of the facility to let in her assistants, and the security guards. David Cross's Corvette was parked on the far end of the parking lot.
“It's Showtime,” Lori murmured, for the second time in two days. The testing would begin at 9:00 AM.

Lori gave David a quick tour, as her assistants set up chairs, made coffee, and set up the 'commissary' where cartons of various brands of cigarettes were kept behind locked glass cabinets (which reminded Dave of the Big Nurse's medication station in One Flew Over The Cuckoo's Nest). Four EEG machines (Lori's Brainshot consoles) were placed throughout the main room. Lori showed David the main Brainshot terminal that sat in a little side room, next-door to her office.
“They are all connected by wireless, and monitored right here, as well as on the individual units.”
“I am impressed, Lori! May I?”
Lori nodded, as David peered closely at the setup, and the bank of monitors in a row.
“This must have cost Boffin a fortune!”
David whistled, as he stealthily returned the miniature scanner back into his coat pocket. 
Lori shrugged. “Tell me about it.”
On cue, one of Lori's assistants stuck her head in the door. “We have twenty rejects, Dr. Dryer.”
“Put them on my desk in the office, Angie.”
Lori motioned David to follow her into her office.
The Play has begun, thought Lori. Twenty Third Eye Patches, wrapped in green, sat in two neat piles on Lori's desk.
“OMG, Lori!”
“Go ahead, Dave, take a look.”
David picked one of the condom shaped packages, and studied it closely.
“Thanks, Lori. So this is it? Why are these rejects?”
“Oh, the Patches themselves are fine, but the foil wrappings were torn during assembly, and the seals were breached, resulting in dried out, or uneven stickum, so they can't be used for our subjects.”
“Stickum?”
“Duh!” laughed Lori, as she absently rearranged the Patches into a stack on the desk. “They have to stick to your head, David. —Oops!”
Lori's hands fumbled, and the Patches flew across the desk in all directions.
“Oh, damn! Help me, Dave, please?”
“No problem, that's why I'm here, Doctor.”
They both giggled as they got down on their hands and knees, and as they gathered up the scattered Patches, one of them ended up in Dave's pocket. The young assistant stuck her head in the door again.
“Dr. Dryer, Samantha Angers, from the FDA is here.”
“Oh, Bog. David, take these, and dump them in my desk.”
Lori stood up from her knees, and smoothed down her skirt, and lab coat. “Don't let anybody in here until you get these out of sight!”
Lori rushed out of the room with her assistant, as David gathered up the spilled Patches, with a smile on his face. Well, that was easy.

It was time. Dr. Dreyer assembled her test subjects in the main testing room.
“Did everybody get coffee and donuts? Good.”
Lori and her two female assistants, Angie and Susilia, wore white lab coats (which were totally unnecessary). The girls were students hired out from the University. A bored-looking security guard stood near the front doors.
Lori surveyed her bunch. There were in fact twenty subjects, all heavy smokers with a history of multiple unsuccessful attempts at quitting. They were to be paid $200.00 a day, on condition that they fully comply with instructions. There was a 'control' group of ten, in this round of tests.
“Welcome to Third Eye Patch Test Number One, Part Three! Congratulations on being chosen to participate in a groundbreaking program in understanding, mastering, and ultimately defeating addiction, particularly in this case: nicotine addiction. You shall be my guests from 9 to 5, for the next ten days. All of you have agreed to the conditions laid out in the surveys and interviews conducted by myself and my assistants. Each and every one of you, after many attempts, has expressed a deep and sincere desire to quit smoking, for good. Myself, and my colleagues at The Table Foundation commend you, and wish you luck! What is exactly in store, for the coming week? What is the Third Eye Patch?
“It's quite simple,” continued Lori, holding up a Patch. “The Patch is a safe alternative to the nicotine patch. No drugs or narcotics are involved. Only a soothing, calming algorithm that is undetectable to the human ear. Please put on the Patch now; watch me please.”
Lori and her assistants peeled off the plastic seal covers on the sticky side of the Patches.
“Place them firmly on your foreheads. Right, very good.”
Lori put one on herself, as did her assistants.
The rules were simple. One cigarette was permitted every two hours, only after a quick brainshot was taken. It was quite unobtrusive and easy.
“OK, feel free to roam the grounds. Watch TV, read, surf the net. Free wi-fi. Cigarettes will be distributed from the commissary, at designated times. Anyone caught sneaking a smoke will be immediately discharged, paid for time served, and escorted from the premises. Feel free to ask questions anytime.”

“I am impressed, Dr. Dryer,” said Samantha Angers, as they broke for a cup of tea, in Lori's office. “I wish you luck. I have one professional question, Doctor, off the record. Is the placebo effect taken into account, and how much?”
“Very much,” said Lori. “Although its effect is not measurable, attitude is crucial. I encourage prayer, meditation, mantra, chewing gum, sex—”
Both women broke into a laugh.

Sam Angers shook hands with Dr. Dryer and David in the parking lot and drove off in her government car.
“That went well, didn't it?” said David to Lori, “I can do business with Angers! We were getting nothing but bullshit from Ted Ortega.”
Lori shook her head. “Haven't you heard? Ortega is under investigation, and is on administrative leave.”
“You mean he's investigating himself?”
Lori raised her eyebrows.
“That was a joke, Lori. 'pause for laughter'—Hey, is this microphone on?”
“Oh, I get it, David. Am I supposed to laugh now?”
Both of them laughed together. Dave pulled his car keys out of his pocket.
“No offense, Lori, but your coffee here sucks big time! Do you want anything from StartUps?”
“Oh, no thanks, Dave. I brought my own tea.”
That got a laugh from David.
“You and your tea! I'll be right back,” he said as he slid into his Corvette. Lori turned to go back inside. As David swung into traffic, he flipped open his phone, and speed-dialed Beta.
“Two for two, Beta, got that? I'll see you in a few minutes. Bring me out a Caffeine Blaster, would you?”

Lori placed the YakDrive into her laptop. The cartoon yak looked up at her with soulful eyes, nodded, and returned to eating flowers.
David is in play, Boff. How right you were. Now can we get to work?
Boffin's reply promptly appeared on the screen: Yes indeed, Lori.
Lori closed out, and shut the laptop.

Beta was nervous and downright edgy as she sat with Peter Derringer in the crowded StartUps. With his laptop open on the table in front of him, Derringer gleefully viewed the HD feed from Dave's minicam. Dr. Dryer's voice was tinny, but clearly audible.
Welcome to Third Eye Patch Test Number One, Part Three!
“Good boy, your puppy dog. Is he house-trained yet?”
Derringer chuckled, but Beta was all business.
“Turn down the volume on that thing, Pete, and please keep your voice down, while you're at it.”
“Oh relax, sweetheart. It's too noisy in here as it is, and besides, nobody is snooping in on us anyway.” Derringer held up another scanner, similar to the one Beta busted at Whimpy's. “Blue skies; everything's cool. Look, we'll be fine.”
“Famous last words…” 
“One fine day, maybe you will trust me.”
“I'm not holding my breath, Pete.”
“You win, I'll shut up.”
Derringer smirked as he sipped from his coffee, oblivious to everyone around him in the crowded cafe. Wearing a Giants cap and shades, tank-top shirt and dark blue gym sweats, he didn't give a shit about how he looked to the commoners and the bumpkins in their yuppie suits and Birkenstalks. His biceps glistened with perspiration from his morning workout, and Beta grudgingly admitted to herself that Peter was in prime shape, indeed. Unfortunately, he was also an immature blockhead, and totally juvenile! His pathetic macho bravado was just a phony front, and Beta knew that he was clearly nervous whenever they found themselves alone in close quarters. In fact, he was just plain scared shitless! Peter Derringer was oh-so-ready to be tamed and trained, but the big question remained: Was she up for it? The answer was yes, of course, but she didn't have to like it, damn it!
Beta made a sniffing sound.
“No time for a shower this morning, Pete?”
“Oh ho! Want to take one with me? By the way, have YOU recovered from yesterday's ride, sweetness?”
“My ass is still vibrating.”
“I'm assuming that you and your dress made it safely up to your apartment? Oh man, what a sight, Bronski, absolutely hardcore! —By the way, that calendar offer is still on.”
“Oh, darn it, Pete! I did check, and unfortunately I'm all booked up, can you believe it? I could just KICK myself for missing out, at least for this year! I do admit that it would be an interesting challenge.”
Derringer chuckled gleefully as he viewed the footage of Dr. Dryer's equipment.
“So that's Syznic's Brainshot set-up. Hmmm…”
Beta took a sip of coffee, and tried to keep her rising paranoia in check. 
“How about you and me ride the tiger, beautiful,” said Derringer, as he put his hand on Beta's leg under the table. Big mistake. Beta dug her fingernail deep into his wrist, drawing blood, and he withdrew his hand, laughing.
“There's your lapdog,” said Derringer, pointing through the window at the street, where David's gold Corvette was double parked. Beta grabbed Dave's coffee, dashed outside, and hopped into the car. David took off, and drove her around the block.
“I've got to get back.” David handed her the scanner, and the wafer shaped package, wrapped in green cellophane.
“Any problems?”
“Nope.” David pulled up, back in front of StartUps. Beta pecked Dave's cheek, slid out of the Corvette, and dashed back into the cafe, where she sat herself back down with Derringer, who raised his eyebrows. Beta said nothing as she slipped the Patch and the flashdrive to him under the table. Derringer slipped them into a baggie, gathered his laptop, and got up and left without a word, leaving a sealed envelope on the tabletop. Beta calmly slit open the envelope, and scanned the single sheet, on which was a Cayman Island bank account number, and a handwritten note:
If I were a squirrel and you were a squirrel, would you let me bust a nut in your hole?
Beta brooded as she drank the rest of her cold coffee, and struggled to master the fear that was rising in her gut. Her brain was already tired, and it was time to hit the street and have a cigarette. She needed to plot their next move, and get David to safety.
Where in hell do I hide him?
As Beta made ready to go, a tall young guy clad in overalls, truck driver's cap, and a carpenter's tool belt, stumbled and bumped into her table on his way out to the exit. As the doofus apologized for his clumsiness, he deftly slipped a small scrap of paper under Beta's hand, and was gone before she could even react.
The handover had been skillfully executed. Beta casually glanced at the note as she left a tip on the table, and then wadded it up and slipped it into her change purse. Her heart raced as she rose from the table, for the message was one of relief, hope, and reassurance that help was indeed, on the way.
Remove the battery from your cell phone, and walk to the Shattuck Ave. BART Station. Take the next SF inbound to 16th and Mission.
—Cathy Braunstein

Beta had to stand the whole way into Frisco, which wasn't unusual. She didn't spot the guy with the tool bags until she found a vacant seat at the Civic Center station. Tools didn't look at her. They both got off at 16th, and stood apart from each other as they rode the escalator up to the street level. Beta squinted in the sunlight, and looked up and down the sidewalk and surveyed the street scene.
“Over here, sugar.” A car idled in a no parking zone, back door open, and Beta skipped over and slid into the seat without hesitation. She fought the urge to hug Cocoa Brown, she was so relieved. Cocoa patted her hand, and said to Toolbags, who had taken the wheel, “What you waitin' for, a parkin' ticket? Go, boy, go!”

David dutifully spent the rest of the day at the testing center, helping out Lori wherever he could. It was a strange day for him. The gathered nicotine addicts were an interesting cross-section of Americana: men and women of all ages, shapes, and racial types. Straights and Freaks.
'A life of Optimum Health and Happiness' was what the Patch was offering these people, according to Boffin Syznic. It was unfortunate that these wretched souls were only being used by Syznic for the purpose of making a few more bucks, and Dave was saddened that Lori Dryer was part of the scheme. It was just too bad.
The strangest thing that happened that afternoon, is when Lori handed him a paper bag containing the discarded Patches, and took him around back where she showed him a old incinerator.
“David, please be a dear, and burn these for me, pretty please?”
“Sure, Lori, anything to help out, no sweat!”
And in this way, David pocketed two more Patches.

Toolbag's workshop was on Cargo Way, near Heron's Head Park at India Basin.
“Pony's an independent contractor,” said Cocoa, as they sat down at a picnic table next to a little cottage, out back behind his workshop. “He does a few jobs for the Grove, unbeknownst to Don White, or any of his people.”
Pony smiled as he took off his cap and let his ponytail spring free. Cocoa shook her head as Beta lit up a cigarette.
“Excuse me, Brown, but I've been just dying for a smoke!”
“OK, Bronski, puff away, 'n listen up: Now that Derringer has that one eye patch gizmo, we at the Grove have decided to brief you fully on what's happenin'. Me 'n the Big G was goin' to tell you everything anyway, but I've been pretty busy the last couple of days. Anyway, it's time for you to come up to speed.”
“Is Michael Chen in any danger?”
“Hell no, not from us, 'n never was, got that?”
“Listen to me, Brown, and please don't laugh, but my gut tells me that Don is planning something, something really bad. I think he wants… I think he wants to kill me and David!”
“I ain't laughin' baby, 'n not to worry, because we're on top of what Agent White is up to. You 'n your David Cross should be safe until White comes back from DC. You can relax for at least another week, baby.”
Beta sighed with relief, as Brown spread some papers across the tabletop.
“Now these are for readin' only, Bronski. No savin' or copyin'.  —Looky here, let's just cut to the chase: Don White's real name is F.W. Piltdown, 'n he don't work for the FBI—they work for him. Let's just say that Piltdown represents some powerful factions in DC that are jockeyin' into position, waitin' for the Big G to retire. Now Gog is a firm believer of keepin' your friends close, but keepin' your enemies even closer! Gog knows Piltdown's daddy from of old, 'n he says that none of the Piltdown family can ever be trusted, 'n they always bear watchin'. Now FW is crazier than a woodchuck wearin' dentures, baby, but his daddy's got some political mojo, so we gotta play the DC game, which is in reality ComCo's game. Now I don't have to tell you that there's a little bad blood goin' on between Fister Perry 'n Peter Derringer. Now it looks like the Piltdowns are lining up with PerryPharm, but get this: there's a joker in the deck. You ever hear of Senator Wilbur Prescott?”
Beta shook her head, no.
“Ooh boy, where do I start? OK. Prescott is the Grand Old Man of the Senate, 'n just happens to be FW Piltdown's grandpa on his mother's side. The Senator took a shine to Derringer some years back, 'n took him under his wing. Now FW Piltdown hates Derringer's guts because of some disrespect or something, a long time back. Meanwhile, the old man had surgery recently, 'n he's recoverin' now, nice 'n comfortable at the Grove. Gog's keeping' an eye on him as a favor to MW Piltdown, that's FW's daddy. We think that Fister Perry tried to bump off the old coot, so factions want to keep him on ice 'n out of trouble. All of this is comin' to a head with this Syznic business, 'n the comin' financial crash —oh yeah baby, look out for that one comin' down the pike! The President is up to his eyeballs in shinola, 'n Gog is like a traffic cop at an intersection with no stoplights. Confused yet, Bronski?”
“What's next, Brown?”
“Me 'n the Gog already know that FW Piltdown is ready for a meltdown —he's been acting more 'n more unstable 'n trigger-happy lately. We was hopin' that he could've lasted a little while longer. Now that Derringer has the Patch, Piltdown is probably gonna come gunnin' for you 'n your puppy dog, but trust me on this: Gog 'n me ain't gonna let that happen, I swear. But we gotta let this play out a little while longer, so Piltdown can show his hand. Like I said, you can relax until he comes back from DC. Do you trust me, baby?”
Beta nodded gratefully. “OK, Brown. What do I do?”
“Bone up on this readin' material first, 'n then we'll make some plans. Chin up, Bronski. Me 'n Pony will be back in a few minutes, after we catch up on some unfinished business.”
Brown winked, and went into the cottage, Pony in tow. Beta shook her head, and began to read the history of the Indigo Project, and the Indigo Children.
The Indigo Children that never grow up, as Mark Diller had told her.
Beta finally pushed the papers away; she could take no more. And although Beta didn't believe in God, she put her head in her hands, and muttered to herself: “Oh, Sweet Jesus.” The Void appeared before her, dark and tempting, and she resisted it with all of her will. There were 15 names on the list of Indigo Children, and 14 of them were listed as 'deceased'. Eight had died from 'strokes', and six had died from heroin overdoses.
The fifteenth name, still 'active', was one David Cross, 38, hotshot attorney from Berkeley, California.
Heroin.
Eric Taylor's earnest face appeared in her mind. 
“Remember me, Beta? No hard feelings, right? Hey, don't worry, I'll be more than happy to show your friend David the ropes, ease the transition, anything to help!”
After a few minutes of stunned silence, Beta shook herself free from her stupor, and gathered the scattered papers together. 
God damn them, every single one of them!
Twenty minutes later, Cocoa Brown emerged from the cottage, none too worse for wear. “Well, I'm back on the clock, Bronski, hoo-wee!”
Beta wasn't smiling, however. “Brown—”
“So now you know what's happenin', so let's deal with it, OK? Now remember what I told you about those bugs in your apartment? Well that also goes for that implant in Cross's ear: Piltdown 'n his spooks ain't listenin' in 24/7 baby—computer's doin' most of the snoopin', dig? Now certain keywords, phrases 'n shit, notify them if somethin's goin' down, so I repeat, you gotta be a little cagey, 'n dance around things for a little longer, so Piltdown don't get wind of what we're gonna do. I could cut that feed right now, but that motherfucker'll smell a rat, so we gotta wait a little while longer so we kin cover your ass. Me and Pony are gonna stash your Indigo child in a safe-house somwhere, 'n keep him on ice 'till it's safe for him to pop his head up, got that? Now YOU gotta cut him loose, 'n that's tomorrow, baby.”
Beta nodded; it had to be done.
“Now listen up child, because this is important: That implant in Cross's ear will kill him, if it's left in there on it's own. He needs surgery, 'n that's no guarantee that the damage ain't already been done, it might be too late. The implants event'ly dissolve into the bloodstream, baby.”
"Why, Brown? Why do the Indigo Children… have to die?"
“I told you I would never lie to you, Bronski, 'n that wasn't a lie neither, so I will tell it to you truthfully, with no spin: There ain't no reason, as far as you or anybody can understand. Don't even try, it'll fry your brains out!”
“These papers say that your boss, Gog, dreamed this whole thing up, Brown. It's murder, cold, calculated murder!”
“Listen, Bronski. Gog's real sorry 'bout all of this, these days. He's done a lot of soul searchin'. Haven't you ever made a mistake?”
Beta recalled her insane fling with Eric Taylor, and nodded sadly.
“Go on, Brown.”
“Gog wants to make things right, 'n save your David Cross. You too, honey! Why do you think I'm here? We could've looked the other way, 'n let Piltdown do his thing, 'n nobody t'would have been the wiser.”
“OK, please tell me what to do, because I don't mind telling you—I'm a little scared here, and damn sick and tired of being in the dark!”
“Easy, baby, like I said, that's why I'm here. Now listen to my instructions carefully, 'n you'll live to fight another day. Now looky here—”
Brown tossed a rucksack on the table top, and pulled out several CheapFones.
 “These babies can only used for one call each, girl, you got that? After that, they can be tracked, so when you finish your calls, you got to rip 'em up 'n scatter the pieces 'round. Cheap plastic 'n cardboard! Here's a little something the public don't know: The CheapFone grid, 'n relay tower system is owned, lock, stock, 'n barrel by the U.S. Government. The grid is reg'ly monitored by rollin' mobile vans 'n drone aircraft. They call 'em 'Nasty Dragonflies'! All of that happy crap is relayed 'n stored in supercomputers. It's how they track everybody, including your lil puppy dog, David Cross. Their towers 'n satellites cover the entire U.S. I don't have time to explain the technical details right now, but take my word for it—it's how they listen in on every mobile phone app, 'n listnin' device. That includes your fancy phone, if the battery is still in it.”
Beta shook her head at the sinister audacity of the scheme, as Brown continued her briefing.
“Now, about your phone. Derringer's calls are encrypted, but the Gog ordered Piltdown to cut the feed loose anyway, cuz Derringer's a big-shot and friends with Senator Prescott, 'n all. But Piltdown can still track 'n log your calls, got that? He knows WHO you're chattin' with, so use the phone as little as possible, OK?”
“Right.”
“Chin up, girl, we are gonna beat that pud-knockin' motherjumper at his own game, 'n send him back to his daddy! Hang with us for a little while longer 'n you'll be free t' go your own way 'n make your pile. Trust me on this, Bronski.”

After leaving Beta Bronski at the Berkeley StartUps, Derringer drove straight to his compound in the hills above Sand Hill Road on the northern edge of Silicon Valley. The 'Chateau' sat on a couple hundred acres; chateau proper, pool and pool house, vineyard, and stables. He bought it from a bankrupt dot-com-er who had to leave the country in a hurry. Derringer didn't give a shit about the place.
He should have gone directly to his lab in Palo Alto, but he just couldn't resist the urge to conduct some first-hand 'research' before he turned this thing over to his technical boffins. Derringer's servants girded themselves as he wheeled his Humvee into the courtyard of his compound. Ignoring them, he bounded up the Grecian styled stairway to his sanctum on the upper level. He entered his quarters and closed the door behind him. Holding the Patch in his hands, Derringer felt for all the world like a champion, knowing that Fister Perry and the other heads in the Consortium knew, or would know soon, that he indeed had snatched the booby prize, the golden goose.
"Move it on over, baby," he muttered, and without a second thought slapped the Patch onto his forehead.

39: Indigo Child

Saying goodbye is a little like dying.
—Marjane Satrapi

11:00 PM, 1 Rincon Hill, San Francisco
The apartment reeks of cannabis, incense, and ozium, as the air conditioner hums silently in the living room. The jazz CD has come to an end, but no one is interested in getting up to put on another selection. The bedroom is dark, with the only illumination emanating from the nightlight at floor level. Bedsprings gently creak in rhythm with David and Beta's edgy, almost desperate lovemaking. And although he doesn't know it yet, this is Indigo Child David Cross's last night with Beta at 1 Rincon Hill.
Beta's eyes are closed as David grunts and thrusts away inside of her. Arching her back to the limit, Beta's hands pound and clutch the bedsheets as she moans in time with his rhythm, but her subconscious mind is far away, flying blind through a stormy night sky devoid of moon or star shine. Beta drifts into that elusive space that exists between past, present, reality and fancy. This place is not the Void of Beta's fears and nightmares, but a transitory zone of intuition, curiosity, and heightened awareness. Images void of form take shape before her eyes and morph into sparkling, shining objects, places, and faces. Faces of fear, hope, and the unknown: Don White, Cocoa Brown, and Peter Derringer.
Peter Derringer's muscular body glistens with sweat as he does chin-ups in his gym. Wearing only a jockstrap, Peter heaves and grunts in perfect syncopation with David Cross's gyrations, almost as if HE he is making love with Beta, and not David. 
“Soon, Peter, very soon now…” Beta gazes up at him in fascination, until he fades away into the ether. Uncle Sam peeks out from the closet with an evil grin.
“Whore!”
“Pimp!” Beta retorts.
“Bitch!”
“Asshole!”
Beta's wandering hand squeezes something soft, something nice, and oh gosh, it's somebody's ample (but oh so perfect) derriere—it's not David's—someone else is in the bed with them—O-M-G, it's Jennifer Morgan, oh so naked and beautiful, deep in slumber, snoring softly. Beta reaches over and idly runs her fingers through Morgan's luxurious red hair. 
“I'm so sorry, please forgive me…”
Jennifer shifts and turns her back on Beta. Agent Don White floats by, wearing headphones and smiling like a reptile, his serpentine tongue extended, not to mention a tiny shiny silver microphone.
“How's the sound quality, Agent White?”
“I told you, his real name is Piltdown, baby,” says someone close by, and Beta whirls her head around to see Cocoa Brown riding on top of Pony Boy in a large rocking chair.
“Pilt-down…” Beta mutters. David, oblivious to everything, has reached his threshold and gallantly attempts to slow down and regain control, but he fails and lets go, spending himself in joyous abandon. Beta plays along. Fond as she is of Dave, she wants it over. David leans forward to kiss her, and Beta lets him, before he rolls over and slips into unconsciousness, happy and content as a clam. Jennifer Morgan is gone. The only sounds in the dark are David's breathing, the clock ticking on the wall, and Cocoa Brown's rocking chair, creaking faintly.
“Long live the United States,” Beta whispers in the dark. “I have but one tail to shake for my country.”
“You ain't no more whore than I am,” cackles Cocoa Brown, “but Pony Boy here, well, that's another story!”
Beta closes her eyes again, and lets her tired mind drift away. She reaches over to caress David's back, and descends into a dreamless slumber.

8:30 AM
“Top of the morning, babe! Aren't YOU the fashion plate on this fine morning!”
“What? No kiss for me this morning? Um, that's better, oops, two sugars, right?”
Beta and David's morning: kitchen sounds, creaky stools, cigarette lighters, slurping coffee, and the rustling of the morning newspaper. David is blissfully unaware that Beta is tip-toeing around… goodbye.
  “– Oh look at this, O-M-G, check out this headline!”
Beta's ballpoint pen dances across a sheet of paper on the tabletop.
The walls have ears, remember? 
 – More like hard-ons! Think we gave the snooping perverts a good show last night?
 – Maybe we should do a porno! Your 100 K is stashed over at my office.
 – OK. 
Beta girds herself and places her index finger over David's lips. This is it.
– It's all over, David. Don't say anything. Pay attention. We are in trouble, BIG trouble. I have a friend that can help us. I'll explain everything at my office.
– PerryPharm?
– No, much worse! Our lives are in extreme danger. The US Government is coming for us, David! THEY want us DEAD, and they are listening to us RIGHT NOW! Get over it, and just do as I say!
A leaky faucet drips loudly in the kitchen sink (plop-plop-plop) and then abruptly stops.
“Beta?”
Shut up, and listen to me! Damn it, please don't cry! I swear, I'll make things right, but you have to do everything I tell you to do, EVERYTHING.
Uncomfortable silent kitchen. Beta clears her throat.
“I think I'll ride in with you, honey. Can you drop me off at my office?”
David's response is over-loud, and phony: “Sure, baby. You ready to go?”
Beta winces in annoyance. “Yup.”
Beta rises from the table, and whispers to herself:
It is a good day to die. 
“What was that?”
“Oh, nothing.”

(Keep your spirits up, girl. Smile, 'n keep your head, 'n never let your edge slip away from you! That's one of the first things we was taught, back at Quantico. If you lose your sense of humor, you've lost the whole shootin' match, 'fore you've even begun.)

10:00 AM, Shattuck Ave, Berkeley
Extra long traffic delay; every light is fucking red! Dave revs the Corvette impatiently as sirens wail mournfully in the distance. 
“Dave, see that space? Pull up behind that tool truck—right, here we go.”
Car horns, emergency brake, seat-belt straps, ballpoint pen on paper.
What the hell is going on, Beta?
(Pause, pen scratching.)
Shut up, do not talk, do not argue, do not make a sound. You must do everything I tell you to do, or both of us are dead. 
(Pause, pen scratching.)
My friend's name is Pony Boy. You are to go with him, and you will do everything HE tells you to do, if you want to live. Shake your head, if you want to live. 
(Pause, pen scratching.)
Bad things are coming. Lies, lies! I have been lying to you. There is no Manatee Foundation. I am a Federal Agent, and have been spying on the Table Foundation. The FBI is listening in on us, right at this very moment. 
(Pause, pen scratching.)
They inserted a listening device behind your eardrum when you had your surgery. 
(Long pause)
I swear I didn't know, not until yesterday! We are going to get you help. Please don't cry and let me finish.
(Pause)
Now that Derringer has the Patch, the Government wants us dead. We are both loose ends, and they need to kill us to cover up their illegal operation against Syznic and the Table Foundation. It's all about the Third Eye Patch. We are talking about billions of dollars. 
(Pause)
Many others have been murdered by these people. No one can help us, not the police, or the Press, or anybody else. 
(Pause)
Don't start crying on me now! 
(Long pause, pen scratching)
NO, you've got to go with Pony! Please, I cannot bear the thought of you dying because of my stupidity. When Pony tells you it is safe, go back to the Table, and tell them everything. They are not the bad people I was led to believe. I was lied to, and became part of the Big Lie. I am deeply ashamed, and I don't expect your forgiveness, or Jennifer Morgan's. Now I have to try to make things right, and you can't be any more involved. Go to Syznic. I am so sorry.
“Beta?”
“Listen, damn it, there's no easy way to say this—”
(Give him a big fat kiss for the microphones, baby. It's all over. Do it now, don't delay, 'fore you lose your nerve.)
Beta swivels in her seat and kisses David with a passion she has never known before, whether with Mike, or Eric, or any other of her many lovers who now have no names or faces in her memory. “Goodbye, David. This is the end of the line for me and you. Please go back to Jennifer Morgan, and beg her forgiveness—for the both of us. I will never forget you, and yes, I WILL miss you very much.”
Beta isn't lying, she will miss him. Like Mike Chen, David wasn't love, but he was comfort. Taking a deep breath, she seizes Dave's tearful face in her hands and kisses him yet again, hard.
(Git out of the car, baby, 'n don't look back.)
Beta slips out of the Corvette, and the echo of her high heels fade away into silence.
“Beta?” A young man with a ponytail hops into the passenger seat and un-zips a sports bag on his lap like it is the most natural thing in the world. David gasps in astonishment, in spite of his tears. The bag is jammed with hundred-dollar bills. Pony Boy playfully slugs Dave's shoulder and hands him a note with a cheerful wink.
Chin up, Cross! Life goes on. Let's dump your car and get ourselves a drink.

40: Peter Derringer and the Art of Zen

Peter Derringer was a man with fire in his belly, and a sizable karmic footprint. An alpha-dog who only looked forward, his accomplishments could easily be mistaken by others as achievements. But his road to the top was littered with crime and betrayal, discarded friends and business partners, and shattered, dysfunctional relationships. His mercurial rise to success was built on the adage that the ends justify the means, and if one cannot stand the heat, one had best stay out of the kitchen.
Peter Derringer's karmic heat was indeed intense, and as a result, he had no close friends, and few cronies. Bedmates, oh yes, but like Beta Bronski, he felt no love within him, and that was a good thing, or so he told himself. 'Love' equated weakness, and Derringer knew all too well where that road led to: Surrender! 
Being a robust man of action, his physical need for female companionship did create problems, mostly because of his misogynistic view that women (and children) were only brainless props, necessary for the propagation of the species, but best kept out of sight —and mind—until they were needed, of course!
Derringer preferred virtual sex because of his inability to relate to real women in real adult terms, as human beings. (Only his body graduated from high school; his brain had elected to stay behind!) Being a bully by nature, he only got off on abuse, and it usually was one-way, although he suspected that he would not object to a little bit of lively give-and-take. He funneled most of his rage into ultra-violent hardcore video games that ranged from warfare to the sexual. He was well aware that society always caught up with individuals who took their fantasies out into the real world, so the virtual world was his easy and 'safe' outlet for his urges, at least at first. The exclusive (and expensive) world of 'high end' virtual cyber-sex provided him with an outlet that gave him a measure of variable satisfaction, but his initial enthusiasm soon soured, because every night it was always just the same-old same-old, and after a period of diminishing satisfaction, he finally pulled the plug. Expensive call girls were always an option and he often made use of them, but he found no lasting satisfaction with these professionals either. (They weren't real everyday women to him.) To his great dismay, he found (more often than not) that he could not perform at all with these mercenaries, and he stopped calling them altogether.
In moments of weakness, a pathetic fantasy emerged in his head: What woman could resist his wealth, his power, and his place of importance in the social matrix? He knew that every woman had her price, so out of sheer desperation, he began to troll the office-pool down at Mackeyville-McCool. These young women eagerly came to his bed (all in hope for material gain) but most of them found him utterly repulsive once the glitter of his wealth faded away from their stardust-glazed eyes, and they realized that the Boss was crazier than a hamster in a bowling alley! None of these 'partners' lasted very long, because even the dumbest ones among them realized that Peter Derringer saw them only as sperm receptacles, and was quite icky once the fun was over.
“The epitome of the weak genome, the receiving, breeding genome…”
That was the sort of shit he would talk about in bed, once the sex was spent. But being loyal employees, none of them, nary a one, had the guts tell him off and put him properly in his place, not if they wanted to keep their jobs! Derringer knew the score, and admitted to himself that time was running out and he was running out of options, except for maybe one final course of action… and surrender? 
A tantalizing vision of beautiful blue eyes, pouting red lips and flowing raven hair constantly dominated his fantasies… because there WAS one woman who wasn't having any of his bullshit, a woman who flaunted her indifference, her superiority, and utter contempt for the very ground he walked on—and that in itself turned him on. REALLY turned him on! This elusive goddess drove a car that was over ten years old, had runs in her pantyhose, and still refused to be sucked into his orbit! Beta Bronski was the real thing all right, and he didn't know how to deal with it.
Derringer licked the scab on his wrist, and savored the wound that Bronski had inflicted on him. The very memory of it made him shudder, and he wished that it would never heal! Beta Bronski was an unknown quantity, and Derringer realized that he wanted her more than anything, even more than all the towers, treasures, and pleasures of the world.

On his first night with the Patch, Derringer tried lulling himself to sleep on the premise that the Patch would aid him in resisting his chronic insomnia. You could say it was a leap of faith, and a whole lot of wishful thinking. He did his best to ignore the laptop computer sitting on the bedside table (where lurking demons waited). He recently began (and not for the first time) a regimen of meditation. This particular Zen method had once been recommended to him by Guru Abbryggdd of all people (back when they were still on speaking terms), but as a man of action and intensity, Derringer found himself unable to patiently sit still for any length of time. For one thing, the insectoids never let him get any peace and quiet. The insectoids lived behind his eyeballs, and always made a racket when he wanted to meditate. They yielded only when he surrendered to the monkey-mind, which was not a good thing. At present, the monkey-mind was leading him off into deeper flights of fancy, as if he had consumed several espressos just before donning his bed clothes.
He could not sleep. The coffee had become a problem in the last year or so. He didn't drink or smoke, never had, but the coffee now… Derringer had a coffee jones just as bad as his porno jones. Everything he liked was a jones, and this just would not do. If he could ever step away from himself long enough… but that was what the Zen was for, wasn't it? He resigned himself to make an effort for self-improvement. Wasn't that what the Patch was all about? Maybe in the morning, rather than brewing up a cup of joe, he would sit in the Zen mode and pray for his miserable soul. Right.
The minutes ticked slowly by, but he could not shut down the blasted crack party raging in his frontal lobes. The din created by the insectoids was sometimes unbearable. Besides the monkey, only movement and activity shut down the insectoids, and Derringer was past exhaustion.
“Please let me sleep, just for one night!”
“Maybe Beta is still awake,” the insectoids suggested, “Why not give her a call!”
“Oh yeah, right.”
(Then turn on your computer!)
Derringer stared at the ceiling and clenched his fists. He sat up and threw off his covers. Every part of his body was wide awake, including One-Eyed Willie. The insectoids droned: Willie can't sleep! Attend to Willie!
“LEAVE ME THE FUCK ALONE!”
Beta Bronski. He couldn't get her out of his mind. Bronski was the only woman in ages that was not intimidated by him, and the only woman that could put him in his place—painfully and delightfully so. But Bronski despised him, and that was why he had to have her! Images of pleasure, pain, and indescribable ecstasies shaped his fevered fantasies, and for the first time he considered the possibility of surrender—to her total unconditional domination. The very thought made him shiver.
Only you can save me, Beta Bronski!
Derringer lay back in his bed, and rolled and rocked and whimpered for a long time before he passed out from sheer exhaustion.

The next morning, Derringer went for a walk in the fields behind his chateau and was amazed by how brilliant and bright everything appeared. Perhaps it was the Patch. Perhaps it was only his effort to design a new paradigm in his zeitgeist, but he resolved he would attempt to, at least, see things with a new eye. Unfortunately, this new eye he saw through would not involve the relentless compassion of a Bodhisattva, or an implacable stoicism of a Buddha. He was perhaps, too far gone into the darkness to be fully repaired, at least for this incarnation. But Abbryggdd had insisted that even if for a brief moment a grave sinner makes the decision to purge himself of ill karma, that decision is as worthy as a dozen lifetimes of the righteous, who don't need the forgiveness of the Great Om, nor the rectitude to see oneself in perspective to those imbalances of their own actions.
Tell me another one, dude!
In the afternoon, he checked in with the firm, and left word that he would not be on hand for the next day or two. He admitted to himself that he was surely wasting valuable time 'testing' the sample, and that he should pass it along to his waiting engineers at McCool Labs, without further delay. “One more day,” he told himself.
He worked out for a while, which always helped to clear his head. But he dreaded the coming night, and when his exhaustion overwhelmed him, his fears proved true, and he found no rest. The insectoids were serious night creatures, and Derringer thrashed about for hours until he finally passed out and slept uneasily for an hour or so before dawn.
Sunrise. Derringer swung his legs out of bed, fully aware of his pounding pulse and heavy respiration like he had never felt before. Could it be that the Patch (which had come into his possession by stealth and caprice) was somehow chastising him?
Ridiculous! 
Was he just imagining his blood pumping through the veins of his arms, legs, head, and chest? Could it be a warning that a heart attack or stroke was coming on? At his age?
Impossible!
He paused to consider, and then dismissed, the hard-riding manner of his nature. Entrepreneurs without a fire in their belly were worthless as pennywhistles at a Chinese fire drill. He needed to change the subject, the mantra, in his brain. Thinking about Beta Bronski only made things worse. He needed a personal target. How about… the Welshman? Yes, he would crush the traitor Guru Abbryggdd, and make him pay for his duplicity. For he knew what was and always lay behind the Guru and his solicitousness and feigned friendship: The desire to watch a made man, a successful man, crumble!
Derringer spent the morning in his basement gym. After lunch, he impulsively phoned that new girl Barbara (just hired by McCool) to sneak away from the office and come on over— did she want to take a swim? Barby replied that she would be there in twenty minutes. Barby was twenty-one, and couldn't type or take dictation to save her life, but she was good at other things, ahem, such as making and fetching coffee, and standing in as an escort for big-shot VIPs visiting the firm. Peter had her phone number (along with most of the attractive secretaries down at McCool) and Barby thought of it as a badge of honor, having endured a few nights with the Boss as his kinky virtual partner.
Peter and Barby frolicked naked in the pool, and try and try as she might, Barbara could not get a rise out of Peter, who just shrugged and told her that it was cool.
Derringer's maid Maria did not approve of nudity and made no secret of it, when she brought out a tray of ice and soft drinks. Barby had tears in her eyes when Derringer told her to take the rest of the afternoon off, and go on home.
He knew all too well that there was only one woman in the whole wide world that would be able to get a rise out of him at this point in the game. He pondered the situation as he took his run, far up into the hills.
By the evening, Derringer just felt itchy, exhausted, and downright miserable. Wasn't this Patch thing supposed to enable solitude, renewal, harmony, and all of that other happy crap? (What if all of that anti-smoking bullshit—was only smoke?) Three days with the Patch only confirmed how uncomfortable and unsatisfied he was. (So what else is new?) The insectoids sniggered and taunted him from the bleachers: “Sucker!”
All of this Zen was utter horseshit, he concluded with crystal finality. Perhaps his growing discomfort was the result of an overwhelmed and long ignored conscience. Perhaps it was only that—or perhaps they had tricked him. Perhaps he had been had. Perhaps this Patch—was a nothing. Nothing but a ringer, a diversion, a phony, and he would get his engineers to prove it!
At 11:00 PM, Peter Derringer (urged on by the insectoids) phoned Beta on their 'secure' connection, and let her have it in no uncertain terms.
“Your sample is a dud, a prank, a hoax! If anything, I feel more hyper than ever! I don't like being played for a sucker.”
“What are you doing, Pete? You aren't wearing the sample, are you?”
“Damn straight.”
“Aren't you supposed to be analyzing that sample in the lab? Take that damn thing off, like right away!”
“I'm just making sure if it's the real thing, sweetheart, and I think it's a phony, a ringer!”
“Ringer? No way! David picked that sample at random from a whole stack—”
“David Cross couldn't pick out his prick without a magnifying glass and a manual, Bronski. Maybe they all were ringers in there.”
“Damn it, Peter, damn it! Do you have any idea what it took, just for me to get my hands on that sample?”
“Oh, baby, I DO have an idea, all right—”
“It's been three whole days, Pete! The Consortium—”
“Fuck the Consortium. Are you naked, beautiful?”
Beta sighed. There was no further doubt in her mind: Derringer was oh-so ready for complete surrender.
“Yes, jack-off, I'm totally naked. My breasts are so cold, and I have goosebumps all over my—well, you get the idea, and use your imagination! But enough about me! Here's some free advice: You've got plenty of money. Why don't you hire a professional nanny to change your diapers and enema bags, and get you back on your toilet training. Maybe she can throw in a freebie. Someone like, say, your mother.”
Derringer laughed out loud for the first time in days. Tears ran down from his eyes. The stunned insectoids had ceased their racket!
“Damn! That is really hardcore, Bronski!”
“Get your people together and analyze that sample, Derringer.”
Beta cut the connection, and Derringer felt a wave of gleeful relief. Beta's rebuke had sent the insectoids scurrying!
She is so right, always right, damn the bitch!
Derringer carefully removed the Patch from his forehead and placed it in an empty water glass on the night table next to his bedside. He then set his alarm, and with a smile on his face, drifted almost immediately into an easy, peaceful slumber, the first in what seemed like a coon's age.

Book 8 Things Fall Apart

41: War Drums

Given enough time, evil eventually eats itself. Evil squabbles! Chaos always dissolves in sheer exhaustion. Our goal is to prevent as much collateral damage as possible, until the madness can be safely contained, and locked back into the box.
 —Boffin Syznic, in his journal

Monday, July 22
FW Piltdown waited nervously for four days at his home in suburban Virginia, for the call from the White House. Four lost days, no, five if you included travel time! He knew all too well that the wheels of the bureaucracy moved slowly, but he was irritated, nonetheless. No one, from the Great Gog to the President, seemed to be taking the potential threat of Syznic and the OtherNet very seriously. Fools! He needed to convince Gog and the President to act swiftly, and decisively. But he had no evidence, no red meat for them to chew on. Granted, the Third Eye Patch was an economic threat, and not to be taken lightly, but the OtherNet was the real game changer, which threatened to turn everything upside-down, and put them all out of business.
The genius of Syznic and his cohorts’ strategy was that any mention of the OtherNet was universally met with derision, and laughed off as kooky fringe stuff, like the Roswell UFO idiocy. Brilliant!
FW was glad to be home in Virginia, but his sense of duty would not allow himself to get too comfortable, not until the operation in California was successfully concluded. So he moped around the house as he waited for the President’s summons.
 (Fortunately his over-medicated hypochondriac wife was vacationing at a fat farm in Myrtle Beach, thank Lucifer!)
During the downtime, he avoided his mother and father (Magog), networked with colleagues at NASTY, and kept in constant communication with his subordinates back in Frisco, who were keeping an eye on David Cross and Beta Bronski’s whereabouts, thanks to hidden GPS devices on both of their vehicles, and the tracking links on their phones, via the vast (and NASTY controlled) CheapFone tower relay grid. Although FW had installed cams and bugs throughout Beta’s apartment, he had not as of yet placed any devices on Beta’s clothing or jewelry, on Gog's orders. Because of the risk of detection, Gog directed FW to pull the bug on Bronski’s phone, now that she had an encrypted line with the ultra-paranoid Peter Derringer, who was no fool, and had the technical mojo to detect any snoopers. Beta’s calls, in and out, were logged however (CheapFone, again). The computers knew WHO she was talking to, and when.
In spite of FW’s inability to crack the elusive OtherNet, there was good news, however: Cross finally got his hands on a few Patches, and the samples had been passed on to both Peter Derringer, and Gog (via an prearranged mail drop, around the corner from 1 Rincon Hill.)
FW was not in the Peter Derringer camp, and made no secret of his reservations to Gog, and suggested that the Patch’s technology best be passed on to PerryPharm, not Mackeyville-McCool. Gog vetoed that, and reiterated that the Patch was to go to Peter Derringer.
 (FW’s dislike of Derringer was purely personal. Derringer once made a derogatory comment at FW’s expense in front of witnesses, at a DC society gathering hosted by Senator Prescott.)
FW decided to postpone his final decision on what to do with ‘Agent’ Beta Bronski and Indigo Child David Cross, until after he finished up this business in DC, and returned to California. Now that Derringer (and Gog) had the Patch, Bronski was more of a liability than an asset, at this point. Since Cross was already slated for termination, it was probably for the best to tie up loose ends, and let Beta go, as well. Maybe it could be arranged for the SFPD to discover the bodies of Bronski and Cross, dead from a double overdose of narcotics. Both of them had verifiable histories of substance abuse, and their deaths, although tragic, would not raise much of a fuss. Bronski would be reunited with that scumbag Eric Taylor.
Lovely Beta! What a waste—in fact it was a downright shame! But he needed to fool the Big G, and the Big G was not an easy man to fool. Caution was in order here, because unauthorized sanctions were considered to be grave insubordinations, and if one was caught, the consequences of such actions were extreme, to say the least. It had to look like a real overdose. Maybe an auto accident would be easier to arrange.
—Because the Indigo Children never grow up.
FW Piltdown considered himself to be a man of action, a carnivore, who was surrounded by herbivores, wussies and old ladies of both sexes. He felt a need to act, to move, to strike, to smash—and because he was restrained from doing so, he felt frustrated, stifled, and paranoid. (Some of the more cynical and rational members of the Agency whispered around the water coolers that F. Walker Piltdown should have been smothered in the cradle, being the perfect poster child for the positive merits of infanticide.)

The White House sent a Secret Service man in a black Lincoln Town Car, complete with tinted bulletproof glass and self-inflating puncture-proof tires, to drive FW into the Capitol. FW was impressed, until he got into the back seat, only to find MW Piltdown (Magog) was to accompany him into the city.
“Pop? What are you doing here?”
“Believe me, son, this wasn’t my idea. I only just received my own summons less than an hour ago. He is still my Commander-in-Chief, and when he says ‘Jump’, I say, ‘How high?’ I’m sorry, son.”
“I resent it, Pop. When am I going to be accepted as my own man? When I’m eighty?”
“Peace, Walker! Get over this, and get yourself together. We are on the way to see the President, damn it! Listen: I won’t speak unless I’m spoken to, understand? This is your show.”
“Thanks, Magog, and, um, sorry for the outburst.”
Father and son were silent for the rest of the ride into the city.

They were four blocks from the White House, on Pennsylvania Avenue, when the SS driver flicked on the intercom, and informed them that he had to make a detour, but hopefully they would be on schedule for the briefing.
“What now?” muttered FW, clearly uptight and annoyed. Traffic had come to a complete standstill.
“What’s going on?” asked Magog.
“A demonstration, sir, nothing to worry about.”
Just then a few demonstrators darted across the street in front of them, closely followed by a squad of riot cops, who caught a few of the slower ones, and pummeled them thoroughly.
“What do those signs say?” said Magog, who squinted through the window at a young hooligan trying in vain to shield himself with his placard from a goon wielding a nightstick. The young man’s head was already covered in blood. The image on the sign was a black fist with its middle finger upraised in the universal gesture—
“I believe that’s the logo of the Bonny Black Prince,” said the SS man.
FW smiled in delight when the young thug went down, and received his thumping. Then the driver found an opening in the stalled traffic, and rammed the car through a police barrier, sending the barricades flying in all directions. FW involuntarily whooped, as the limo sped down a side street, away from the riot.

Once safely deposited in the White House, a different SS man escorted the Piltdowns to the secret meeting place for their scheduled twenty minute (!) top secret briefing with the President: The Woodrow Wilson Laundry Room.
“Sweet Satan,” muttered FW, under his breath, but Magog chuckled.
“You’ve got to admit, no one would ever think of eavesdropping in here, son.”
Multiple washers and dryers were chugging and spinning, and there in the back of the room he waited: Phillip (Thor) Hammer, President of the United States, sat behind a laundry folding table.
Thor rose, and greeted Magog first, which only added to FW’s irritation.
“Sit down, gentlemen,” said Thor, “and let’s keep the spook lingo to a minimum, shall we? ‘Time is tight’, like the song says. —OK, Agent Piltdown, I have read Gog’s report twice now. He sent you specifically to answer any questions I may have, and to present your opposing view, to be ‘fair and balanced’. Gog says that you have quite a different take on this whole thing, and you are free to speak your mind, without fear of reprimand, or chain of command issues, am I correct?”
“Yes, sir,” replied FW. “Gog has requested that I cooperate in any way I can, to the best of my ability.”
“Good,” said Thor. “To put it simply, the Big G thinks that all of this OtherNet stuff is just ganja smoke, and utter horse manure—and I am inclined to agree with him. As of now, we have spent, let me see here on this sheet, um, more than ten million dollars on this op, and have absolutely no more information than when we started, um, some three months ago, now. What say you, Agent Piltdown? Tell us where we are wrong, because we are seriously considering dropping this whole line of inquiry, and divert our resources elsewhere. Speak your mind, as Gog recommended.”
This was FW’s shot.
“Mr. President, not only do I believe there is an OtherNet, I am certain of it. A foreign national by the name of Guru Abbryggdd, is involved, sir. We believe that he has been to Syznic’s mansion on more than one occasion recently, and the whole bunch of them are now communicating with an advanced encrypted email system that has this Guru character’s fingerprints all over it. This individual is receiving funding from somebody, and I believe that it is Syznic… it is only a matter of time before the money trail will lead us to something that we can sink our teeth into. I am confident we can, and will, crack this thing if we stay the course, Mr. President.”
Thor indicated the printout on the table in front of him.
“This report says that Syznic just sunk a lot of capital into a Solar Panel venture. A LOT of capital.”
“Sir, with more than 25 years in the field of law enforcement under my belt, I have learned to trust my hunches. I believe that an immediate full-scale audit will show that Syznic is using the cover of his business operations as a shield, in order to funnel money into the OtherNet scheme.”
“See here, Piltdown. Governor Moone tells me that Syznic's solar panel operation is a godsend for his State, providing needed jobs, and this IS an election year.”
“Yes, sir.”
Thor nodded, and glanced for a second at Magog, whose face was impassive.
“I want to thank you for your insights on this pressing issue, Agent Piltdown. The Great Gog is wise in all things, and I commend him for sending you here, demonstrating his faith, admiration, and trust in your judgment, abilities, and your outstanding service to our nation—but let me tell YOU something: I have heard four, no, five opinions now, concerning this OtherNet Question, and each one is as different as can be from each other—and as President, I have to decide which is the best course of action, using the best information I can get, and then to act firmly and decisively in the best interests of the American People. If it turns out that Syznic is clean, this whole thing could come back and bite us right in the ass, this being a mid-term election year. I need more than just a hunch to justify a move against this man.”
“Yes, sir.”
Thor paused, as if to collect his thoughts.
“Piltdown,” he whispered in a low voice, “I need your help here. In your opinion, and from your observations, is Gog in his right mind? Is Gog fully in control of his facilities, mentally and physically? You can tell me the truth, Piltdown, without fear of reprisal. Is the Big G fit for his command?”
FW did not hesitate in his answer, and was careful not to glance at Magog, as he looked Thor right in the eye.
“Mr. President, Gog has not at any time demonstrated any signs of physical or mental illness, in my presence. He is robust, sharp, and competent as he has ever been, and I will say that to the best of my knowledge that yes, he is fit for his command.”
The President nodded, and looked at his watch. “I want to thank you, Agent Piltdown, for being frank, and giving it to me straight, free of spin, on the situation as you see it.”
Thor turned to speak to Magog.
“Let me tell you something, my old friend. This Syznic fellow has definitely stirred up a hornet’s nest with this three eyeball business, and that is really unfortunate because he is quite the genius, despite his outlaw image. If he would only play ball with the rest of us, well, just think of where would we be, instead of squabbling among ourselves!”
“Yes, sir,” said Magog. Thor paused to stifle a sneeze with a handkerchief embossed with the Presidential Seal. His eyes were watery, and his nose was red.
“The factions are growing restless,” Thor continued, “and I’m worried about open warfare erupting, which will only be bad for business. Now my administration is inclined to back and promote Peter Derringer, a man after my own heart—if he could only control his temper! Another outlaw, and genius! We have high hopes for him, if we can tweak his public image. Unfortunately, Fister Perry is not very enamored with him, to say the least!”
Magog did not dare glance at his son, who was firmly in Perry’s camp, and disapproved of Peter Derringer, and his ‘Dominator’ bullshit with open contempt.
Thor, however, was unaware of the tension between the Piltdowns.
“Now Gog is of the opinion that the secrets of Syznic’s contraption should be, um, shared with worthy entities, in order to dilute this, um, Patch’s impact on the greater economy. A cheaper product (or products) on the market could level the playing field a tad, and the American consumer can then decide if this gizmo can go the way of the Pet Rock, or the 8 track player! A lot of unnecessary pain can be avoided, and then we can all get back on track and maybe fix our ailing economy! However, Fister Perry is about to go off the rails. He couldn’t buy Syznic out, so now he wants me to have Syznic and the whole bunch arrested, and have their assets frozen! Never mind on what evidence, or charges! National Security? For a so-called ‘Smokers Quitting Aid’? Perry is insistent that this, um, technology be buried once and for all, destroyed! As if that is even possible! The last thing I want to do is interfere with how a man earns his living, as long as it doesn’t clash with our own interests! Perry is threatening to switch allegiance in the coming elections. Bob and Loretta Knobbler of MacroEye are also making threats, as well. We are starting to hear some disturbing rumors regarding the Eyelid. And from what I understand, Sir William Bloody Gallows is starting to meddle in our political scene, through his allies in the Consortium. The economy is tanking, and this so-called Table Foundation is promising to usher in the Age of Aquarius.”
Magog took the President’s cue, and laughed aloud. FW got the hint and joined in, politely. Thor wheezed into his handkerchief yet again. He then rose, and shook hands with both of them.
“Thanks for coming in, and I appreciate your comments and observations, Piltdown. —Oh! I just about forgot! How IS your grandfather, Senator Prescott? You have visited him at the Grove, have you not?”
Magog cleared his throat, but FW took the question.
“The Senator looked very hale and hearty, when I saw him last, sir,” said FW in a calm and steady voice, “but I am not yet sure if he has recovered his mental facilities, just quite yet. He didn’t recognize me, and seemed to be in a state of advanced dementia.”
“He is still recuperating, sir,” added Magog.
“That’s too bad,” said Thor, “we are all concerned, and are rooting for his complete recovery. A few important votes are coming up, and we need every vote we can get! Enough of that for now. Thanks for coming in.”
The SS goon escorted the Piltdowns from the laundry room. Both father and son thoroughly washed their hands in a restroom, before leaving the White House.

“You did well, son,” said Magog, back in the limo, which skirted the battle zone by way of side streets, and deadheaded back in the direction of the Potomac. “You answered skillfully, under difficult and stressful conditions. Honor is due, son.”
“Thanks, Pop. What do you think?”
“Me, think? Who am I? Besides, I have not been fully briefed on any of this.”
FW let that one go by him. He wondered why Magog had been summoned to the briefing. Did the President have him there solely for the purpose of reading his facial reactions? Hammer and his father went back a long way, and were asshole buddies of old—and FW did not trust either one of them. President Hammer was weak and unreliable, and Pop was just, well, Pop. All of them, including the Big G, seemed to be working against each other, and were obstructing the real mission. Fools! Why couldn’t they see what he could see? FW felt like he was working alone in a vacuum, like a man with eyesight, navigating through a crowd of blind men. This costly and time-consuming trip back to DC had been just a waste of time.
“We were in with Hammer for just fourteen minutes, Pop, fourteen minutes! Five days of my life, and valuable time lost, for fourteen lousy minutes of that man’s precious time…”
“That’s enough, son. That man is still your Commander In Chief. By the way, your mother is expecting you for dinner. You have been dodging her, and she is beginning to get a little suspicious about the Senator.”
“What do I tell her, Pop?”
“How the hell should I know, son? You’re the man now.”
The Piltdowns had nothing more to say to each other for the rest of the drive back to Alexandria.

At dinner that night FW reassured his mother that the Senator was in good hands, and recuperating under the best medical care the Government had to offer. But his recovery was slow, and the Senator needed more time to adjust, and the doctors felt that baby steps were needed before he could recover from his amnesia, and resume his duties, and his relationships with his friends and family.
“The docs know best, Ma,” said FW, “Can you pass the potatoes, please?”
FW polished off 1.5 liters of wine at dinner, and crashed heavily in an upstairs bedroom, sleeping till midday. By mid-afternoon, he was dizzy, and sneezing his head off. By evening, he was encased in his bedroom at home, with a temperature of 102. He spent the next three days in a fever, and was attended to by Magog’s personal physician, who pronounced that FW was suffering from the Russian Flu.
“A real nasty one is going around this year,” he said jovially to Magog, who felt absolutely fine.
“He caught it from the President,” replied Magog, which earned a chuckle from both of them.
“Cut down on the smoking,” said the doctor to FW, “and drink plenty of fluids.”
That was on July 23. FW spent the next two days in a hallucinogenic fever, and underwent a transformation much like the one experienced by Caligula, in the good old days of yore. In his weakened physical and mental state, the worms and beetles took root in his brain, and made themselves at home. He began to lay down plans, big plans, grandiose plans! He made a number of telephone calls to California, barking orders, and cussing out incompetence in the ranks. But because he was so spaced out and into the zone, he had little or no memory of making these calls, including the incoherent and scary one to Beta Bronski, at around 6:00 AM, Wednesday morning.
It was 3:00 AM Pacific Time, when Beta was awakened by Don White’s familiar encrypted ring-tone, and she answered on the fourth ring.
“Yes, Don.”
“Ah, Agent Beta, my Special Agent Beta.”
Beta thought that ‘Don’ sounded a little drunk.
“Yes, Don, I copy, sir.”
“Oh how I love-love-love my Beeta… my special top secret agent and sexy whore, soon to be the late, great, Beeta Bronskee—” Click.
“Don?” The line was dead.
Beta, needless to say, found no more rest for the remainder of the night.

FW’s fever broke on July 25, and Magog’s doctor came by and injected him with a B1 booster shot.
“Stop smoking, and drink plenty of fluids,” he told FW.

On Friday, July 26, FW was well enough to putter around the house, and make coherent phone calls to NASTY Headquarters, who dispatched an agent to brief him, and bring him up to snuff. The man’s name was Ronald Moblad, and he came from an honorable old spook family. Both men sat in the backyard shade drinking lemonade, and FW fired up the grill.
“I’ve heard good things about you, Moblad,” said FW, as he threw a few burgers on the sizzling barbecue. “Are you ready for a promotion, and a shot at the big leagues?”
“Yes sir,” replied Moblad, who was just creaming to make his bones. “What can I do?”
“I need somebody I can trust, to fly out to California this very afternoon. Are you up for it?”
“Yes, sir.”
“We have detected a leak in the SF Federal Building, and it needs to be plugged.”
FW handed Moblad a credit card. “You will report, and answer only to me, Moblad. Finish your burger, and then hop on the next available transport. I want you in Frisco tonight.”
FW himself didn’t fly out of Andrews Air Force Base until Sunday, thanks to scheduling conflicts and bumped flights, all as a result of the fucking bug that he caught from that asshole Phillip Hammer, President of the United States!

It is well to remember that these evil people do not work on an united front, in complete cooperation. Fearful and paranoid, they are all suspicious of each other, and trust no one. And that is why we have a fighting chance!
 —Boffin Syznic, from his journal

Sunday, July 28, 12:40 AM
Special Agent V sat at his Avocado console in his NASTY cubicle at the Federal Building, and took stock. Events had come to a head, and it was now time to close up shop. He could not safely share the David Cross feed with Rem Peterson any longer, because the terriers were closing in. One of the terriers was a hotshot by the name of Ronald Moblad, out of NASTY headquarters in Seminary Hill, Virginia. Moblad was now in Frisco, in advance of FW Piltdown, who was recovering from a bout with influenza. Moblad was due at the Fed Building in the morning. It was time for V to hit the road.
V sat back, and reflected.
“I am a traitor, and a betrayer of the United States of America.”
Thank God. 
It had come to this. Weasels like Piltdown had been allowed to seize the helm of the ship, while men of goodwill slept or lacked the nerve and guts to take action. Now the ship was heading for the rocks, and maniacs like Piltdown were busy poking holes in all the lifeboats!
Rats in a box. I am, or was, one of those people.
It was an act of divine providence that FW Piltdown had been sidelined with the flu back there in Virginia, but he had dispatched Ron Moblad ahead of him to plug up the leak, and get the house in order for his return. It was now time for V to shut everything down, cover up his tracks, and make his exit. Rem Peterson’s people were standing by to ferry V to a safe house and keep him on ice, until the scheduled Congressional Hearings commenced, following the November mid-term elections.
V felt especially guilty about tipping Piltdown to Beta Bronski, that innocent and wretched shell of a human being—why had he done that?
May God forgive me.
V looked at his watch, and noted that it was after midnight. Janitors were cleaning up, and working around a few midnight oil-burners, such as himself.
It was time to pull the plug. V cut the feed from David Cross’s implant, and sent it to the wind. Next, he cut the GPS tracking link to Cross’s car. Poof!
Unfortunately, it was too risky to disable the cams in Beta Bronski’s apartment and the GPS tracker in her car, and that was too bad. V knew that unbeknownst to FW Piltdown, Bronski’s feed had been hacked and fed directly to the Grove. Gog had a master hacker in his employ, and V did not want to tip his hand to that bunch. So far he had sailed safely under the Big G’s radar, but he didn’t want to press his luck.
After double checking that he had his flashdrives stashed safely in the empty magazine of his nine millimeter Smith and Wesson, he deleted the damning files on the C drive of the Avocado. He then reached into the open back panel of the console, and removed the compressed data bank (disguised as a capacitor chip) on the microprocessor (which he switched with a replacement chip with prearranged routine data). The computer was now truly ‘clean’. Well, it would fool them for an hour, or three.
After checking his desk one last time, V rose, and left the NASTY floor, never to return.

6:40 AM, P.S.T.
The two old dinosaurs held an encrypted conference call that spanned the miles from London to Santa Barbara, California.
“Thanks for getting my boy safely on that plane,” said Fister Perry, as he reclined in his palatial villa in the hills above Santa Barbara. He paused and took a hit from his oxygen tank, as he gazed out at the rising sun and the eucalyptus trees outside the window of his study.
“I am only at your service, Fister,” replied Sir William Gallows, from his office high above the streets of London Town. “It seems that our young Master Diller stumbled into some sort of mix-up involving the Lisbon underworld. My people have concluded that he simply was in the wrong place at the wrong time… ghastly business, from what I can gather, but our young chap seems to be none too worse for wear.”
Gallows’ detectives had located Mark Diller in Paris, hiding in a hotel under an assumed name. Gallows personally convinced the petrified Diller to come over to England to be a special guest at his estate, west of London.
“Thanks for keeping an eye on him, Gallows,” replied Perry, “I’ll get to the bottom of this, I’m sure. When are you crossing the pond, pray tell?”
“I’ll be visiting your shores in August, Fister.”
“Very good, William. There are a lot of pressing matters on the burner, matters of vital importance, to all of us in the Consortium.”
“Right. Try to hold down the fort, Perry, until I get there.”
Both men chuckled, as Perry cut the connection.

4:30 PM
Mark Diller was met at SFO by a big fellow in a three piece suit, with long blonde hair tied back in a ponytail. Fabio of the Grove stowed Diller’s luggage in the limo’s boot, and drove him directly to his condo in Tiburon. Diller needed to adjust to the time change, and was scheduled to meet with his boss, Fister Perry, the following day.

5:25 PM
Beta was meditating by the picture window when Derringer called on their encrypted line.
“I was getting worried, Peter.”
“Well, we lost a week. My techs came through with flying colors replicating the EEG Brainshot setup, and our machine will compete with Syznic’s best. But we wasted too much time on the sample, testing it inside out, and our consensus is—well, I was right, luscious. It’s a dummy, totally bogus.”
“What?”
Derringer sounded almost jovial. “You’ve been had, sweet-cakes. My engineers tell me that the loop is a simple arrested algorithm that goes nowhere… speaking of nowhere, I’m in my hot tub. Wanna come over and see one of the seven wonders of the—”
Beta cut the connection, her mind racing. The charade was over, and the endgame was now in play. —Syznic had set them up! David was blown, everybody knew it, and FW Piltdown was due back in town in less than two days!
As a matter of fact, FW was already in back in Frisco, less than one mile away.

FW Piltdown’s top secret command center was located in the rear of a vacant warehouse at Harrison and Spear Streets, under the shadow of the Bay Bridge. Just a non-descript two-story warehouse with a satellite dish on the roof, among many others. FW chose it because of its central location in proximity to Downtown, and Interstate 80.
Now FW sat and conferred with his team, which included Agents Edwards and Richards, Cyber-wizard Mother Board, and Ron Moblad.
FW spoke first. “OK, Moblad, you’re up. What have you got for me?”
“Well, Agent V is positively the mole, sir. He seems to have gone AWOL. We have lost the feed to Cross’s implant, and the tracker to his car. Too much of a coincidence, sir.”
Agent Edwards (or was it Richards?) took his cue from Moblad.
“V’s apartment in North Beach is empty, cleaned out, except for the furniture. We directed the Oakland Police to check out Cross’s place on Lake Merritt Drive, and found everything normal. Cross’s apartment is locked up tight, and his Corvette is in the parking garage. Just no David Cross.”
FW then addressed Mother, his computer boffin.
“I understand you have both good and bad news for me. Start with the bad, and explain it to me like I’m a five year old. I am still a little high from that virus.”
“Yes sir,” replied Mother, who nervously played with his goatee. “The bad news is that we don’t know what V hacked from our encrypted data bank. He had access to it all, and we have to assume the worst. I spent hours on his computer, and he did a pretty good job, but he could not fool an expert with a little time to do a little digging. That’s the bad news, but the good news is that after a lot of trial and error, I have finally found a way to bust into that so-called YakMail, thanks to some hints and clues that we hacked from Derringer’s boys, who got some useful stuff from that Brain Scan setup at Dr. Dryer’s testing facility.”
“Intel provided by Bronski and Cross.”
“Yes, sir. We can crack that YakMail nut, at anytime.”
“Stand by on that, Mother. Well done. —Richards, do you have that status summation on David Cross?”
“Yes, sir. According to our transcripts from Cross’s feed, Bronski broke off the affair, on the morning of the 20th, as promised. The computer says that Cross didn’t do much of anything until the next day, when he made two calls, one to his secretary and one to Dr. Dryer, informing them that he was under the weather. He also sent an incoherent voice mail to Jennifer Morgan that remains unanswered. The computer doesn’t give us anything noteworthy for the rest of the week, except for garbled mumblings, and confusing shit—the computer seems to be having problems deciphering his slurred incoherencies. It appears that he’s been stoned and drunk all week. His car hasn’t moved once all week, and that’s all we have, all the way up to when we lost his feed.”
“So Cross has the old Beta Bronski Blue Ball Blues.”
Chuckles from everybody in the room.
“I want a priority APB issued for Cross, and a check on all hospitals, flop-houses, and dry-out clinics in the Bay Area.”
“Yes, sir.”
FW turned back to Edwards. “Status report on Agent Bronski.”
Edwards read from a cheat sheet, attached to a clipboard.
“Sir, Bronski has been laying low at 1 Rincon Hill, since kissing off Mr. Cross, back on, right, the 20th, sir. Bronski keeps regular habits. Most mornings she takes a run, um, usually for twenty or so minutes, and usually hits StartUps on her way back. She meditates daily. Doesn’t watch much television, but plays a lot of music, particularly, um, let’s see, Bob Dylan, and that Scottish chap Donovan, sir. She has driven over to Whimpy’s twice, and once to the Farmers Market, down on Third Street. But for the most part, her Camry has been parked in the garage at Rincon Hill, for the last week.”
“Telephone calls?”
Edwards cleared his throat. “During your absence, Bronski called David Cross three times. Cross, on the other hand, called Bronski, um, eleven times.”
The spooks all chuckled at that.
FW gestured with his hand, dismissively. “Besides Cross, who else called her, and who did she call, if you don’t mind?”
“Yes, sir. On July 17 at 11:00 AM, Bronski called Alexandria, Virginia—”
“I took that call,” said FW impatiently.
“Right. OK, here we go… between July 17 and 21, she spoke with Peter Derringer three times, on his encrypted line. All short calls. No more incoming calls until July 24, when she received a call from Alexandria, Virginia.”
“Alexandria—are you sure?”
FW had no memory of calling Beta Bronski, during the worst of his illness, back in Virginia.
“It’s your number, sir.”
“Yes, of course.”
“No other calls, except twice for delivery pizza, at Whimpy’s. That’s all.”
FW turned to Mother. “Any email activity? Wait a minute—”
“That’s right, sir,” replied Mother, “Bronski has not used her email account, since you recruited her, back in June.”
FW nodded, and grinned like a crocodile.
“Put up some video, Mother. I know you’ve got some good stuff.”
Mother, clearly embarrassed, cleared his throat. “Yes sir.”
“This is for Gog, of course,” said FW.
For the next half hour, the G-Men made themselves comfortable, and enjoyed a HD loop of Beta Bronski, in and out of the shower, on the toilet, meditating in the nude by her sunlit window, and making love with David Cross.
Ron Moblad sat enthralled, with his mouth wide open. Self-conscious and embarrassed, he didn’t stand up until a few minutes after the peep show came to a close, because of his throbbing hard-on.

6:15 PM, Berkeley
Dr. Lori Dryer sat at her Avocado workstation and contemplated her dilemma. Being an honest scientist, she knew that she could not cherry-pick the results of P-2. She had to send the data on to Boffin and Mimi as it was, but she was having difficulty in articulating her conclusions in the summary. She collected her thoughts before she concluded her comments.
“To be perfectly honest, I’m completely baffled, Boffin. Oh, the results are quite satisfactory and even better than we could have hoped for! Of the primary test group, three of the ten quit smoking outright before the first week was even over, with no prodding whatsoever from us, or anyone else in contact with the subjects. Another three quit during the second week—incredible results, with far-reaching implications! But the results of the control group are exactly the same, and there is no credible explanation for it. Six out of ten quit smoking on their own, before the ten days were over! Something is at play here, and I don’t have a clue. The only way we can be positively sure, is to repeat the test from scratch under the same conditions with 20 (or even 40 or 50) new subjects, which would take another month or more, at the least. We need to consult, after we can take a day or two to take a breather! All the used test Patches are fully accounted for, labeled, and cataloged for post analysis at your convenience. Likewise for the BrainShot units which have been safely packed away into the armored van provided by Mr. Peterson. His security guards are now en-route with their precious cargo. I’m closing up shop for now, and will be at home all weekend. —Lori”
Lori double-checked to make sure she was logged on to the secure YakMail, and pressed SEND.
“What the hell?”
The screen went blank for a moment, and then the document reappeared. A menu insert box appeared, and asked her politely if she wanted to replace the document with the document, etc.
“What the fig?”
Lori pressed CANCEL, and checked the document. Still there. She then checked the YakMail page, and saw that the yak was gone. GONE? The field and flowers were there, but no yak.
She suddenly had a bad feeling, and exited YakMail. Something weird had just happened, and she decided to call Boffin immediately.

Yak stands eternally in his field of flowers, under the endless blue sky. The field is his Universe, along with the Window. The Window is the portal to the Outer Universe, where Yak’s human friends dwell, praise them. First and foremost of course, is guruabbryggdd, his loving creator, the yak master, with his yak-like hair and beard. His blessed friends are mikechen, and estrellaklein with her golden mane, boffinsyznic, mimisyznic, and dr.loridryer, who is very loving and kind. Yak is proud and honored to serve his friends, because his Universe is one of Love, and Service.
But others, such as the Killer Worms lurk just beyond the Window. Yak has seen them many times before (always crashing against the window to die) and has not given the foolish creatures further thought, thanks to guruabbryggdd yak master’s protection—Oh calamity, the Worms have busted through! The glass shatters and a swarm of them surround and attack him with their razor sharp teeth. He kills a few with his tusks and back legs, but there are too many of them, and their teeth tear into his hide. Yak bellows in pain and fear as his blood begins to flow, staining the grass and flowers. After killing a few more, the wounded Yak takes flight across the plain, the evil Worms in pursuit.

Mother looked up from his laptop. “Yes!”
“What’s that,” said FW.
“We have a winner, sir. I’ve just busted into their YakMail, and have hooked us a big fish: PDFs, and oh wow, plenty juicy with primo red meat.”
“Well done, Mother, although fish with red meat doesn’t sound very appetizing to me.”
“Well, there is salmon, sir.”
 “Well, whatever it is, put it up on my monitor, if you would.”
The PDF appeared on FW’s wide-screen monitor.
JULY 17-28 P-2 GROUP 3 TEST RESULTS DATA AND SUMMARIES
DR. LORI DRYER
“Excellent! Let’s send this on to the Grove… Mom, why don’t you go out and get laid tonight. Take tomorrow off.”
FW handed the nerd three hundred dollars.
“Thank you, sir.”
“Turn off your phone, and don’t report back here till 0600 hours Tuesday. —Go on, are you still here?”
Mother Board made himself gone.

Less than five minutes later, Agent Edwards called out from his workstation. “Sir, this just in from our contact at McCool, and oh shit—”
“What now?” said FW, his short-lived cool evaporating like a puff of smoke.
“Cross’s patch was a dummy, sir. Just confirmed by Derringer’s experts.”
“A dummy patch? Do you mean a phony patch?”
“Yes, sir. Derringer just made an encrypted call to Agent Bronski.”
“Which means… Syznic is running Cross. —Syznic’s on to us! Edwards, go straight over to Bronski’s building, and stand by. —Go!”
Edwards hurried out, as FW dialed Beta’s number. No answer.

Beta gazed out at the darkening eastern sky from her lofty perch atop 1 Rincon Hill. She lit another cigarette, and counted the butts in the ashtray. Except for the cigarettes, she had kept to her healthy regimen, with daily exercise, yoga, and a balanced diet. (OK, the pizza didn’t count!) Beta was physically fit, but her guilt weighed down upon her like a millstone, leaving her mentally and spiritually drained.
Poor wretched David!
She once read that saying goodbye was a little like dying; a ‘little death’, and she understood the sentiment perfectly. Her itch for David’s company had now faded to a dull ache, and a sad memory. Beta sighed, and accepted the fact that she was now in Peter Derringer’s orbit—that is, if she survived this final night.
Piltdown’s bastards are surely coming for me, maybe even tonight.
David was blown, somehow. Derringer’s boffins had concluded their tests and concluded that the sample was a dummy, a ‘ringer’ as Derringer had called it. They all had been set up and played like violins. It could only mean that Syznic knew all along about David. FW ‘Don White’ Piltdown was overdue for a meltdown, and Beta’s head was on the chopping block!
Syznic had good Intel, Beta concluded. There was surely a leak or mole in FW’s organization, and the Feds had been caught with their panties down. Beta, still haunted by FW’s spooky phone call, knew that the endgame had arrived.
Mark Diller’s voice kept ringing in her head:
The Indigo Children never grow up.
The voice of Cocoa Brown replied:
Keep your cool, baby. Don’t panic. Call Pony Boy.
Beta stepped into her running shorts and keds, and strapped on her fanny pack containing her keys and one of her CheapFones. There was enough twilight time to take a little run, and hatch her plan.

6:45 PM
“Well, we’ve been hacked,” said Boffin to Mimi, back in the room of isolation. “It was only a matter of time. Guru said so—he warned us to keep ‘em short, and Lori’s report had some PDFs and stuff.”
“So, do they have the Patch?”
“You tell me, Mimi. The PDFs have all of the test subject’s Brainshots, and the corresponding Patch input data, right? All they have to do is run the Brainshots from start to finish, and then…”
“—And then they will be able to isolate, replicate and then reproduce the Wimoweh algorithm. It might take them a few days, depending on who they have working for them.”
“Which brings us to the next question: Who brought down the Yak? Was it Piltdown? If so, will the Government sit on this technology for a while, and see if it can be used for military purposes? That’s their mindset. Who knows? Personally, I think Uncle Sam has been left standing at the altar, while the bride has hopped on the back of Derringer’s motorcycle—”
“With her ass in the wind,” laughed Mimi. “OK. Let’s say Peter Derringer has the Patch. What do we do now?”
“We still have the advantage. Derringer lost a lot of valuable time, thanks to the dummy Patch business, and he will need a little extra time to set up production, har-har! I say we dump all the P-2 Patches on the public, and move full forward with P-3, as fast as we can.”
Boffin called the Guru, who was already in transit.
“The Ring has been taken, Gollum. Dark magic. Put your pedal to the metal.”
“Yes, Bilbo.”

Instead of her usual run up to StartUps on Bryant Street, Beta circled around the Rincon complex, crossed Harrison Street, and jogged up First towards Mission, in order to cut over to Whimpy’s. Right at that very moment, Agent Edwards sat impatiently behind the wheel of his Plymouth sedan at Harrison, waiting for the light to change. When he saw Beta run right past his windshield, his body jerked like a livewire, and he almost yanked the steering wheel right off its shaft!
(Fucking Bitch!)
When the light turned green, Edwards shot into the intersection, burning rubber. Hanging a wide sweeping u-turn, he spun around in a dizzying blur, narrowly missing a bicyclist.
(Oh Bleeding Beezlebub!)
Edwards screamed as a large delivery truck, brakes screeching, slammed into his spinning sedan, driving it back in the direction of eastbound Harrison Street, clear across four lanes of heavy traffic. The G-Man’s Plymouth then sideswiped a few parked cars, before being struck head on by two more cars, and he was knocked unconscious. Agent Edwards didn’t wake up until several hours later, at SF General, none-too-worse for wear, with only a bump on his noggin, and a few bruises. He hobbled out of the hospital on his own power.
Beta didn’t see the accident, but heard it. She kept on running, oblivious to the chaos behind her. Beta’s mind was on other things, and she didn’t have much time. She needed to get a message to the Table, but she couldn’t just call them up, of course. But the plan she had hatched was beautiful in its simplicity!
When Beta arrived at Whimpy’s she sat herself down at a vacant table to catch her breath, before pulling her CheapFone out of her fanny pack. She dialed Pony Boy, who answered on the second ring.
“Ivan, this is Veronica. Listen, don’t talk. The child has been blown and they know everything, got that? Who knows what else they know? Take the child to his father, right now! I don’t care how you do it, but do it now! I am warning the whole family. Tell that to the Black Widow, OK?”
“Roger, Veronica, although she won’t be available until later tonight. I might as well tell you, but I don’t think the child is doing too well, do you understand?”
Beta suddenly shuddered, and didn’t answer.
David needs to get to a doctor.
“Veronica, are you alright?”
“Yes, I’m fine. I’ve got to go.” Beta pressed the END button, and then tore up the cheap cardboard and plastic phone into little strips. She then opened her change purse, and smiled. Strolling up to the counter, she shoved a hundred dollar bill into the teenage cashier’s hand, and said to the startled girl, “This is for you. I want to order a delivery pizza, express, right now, ahead of everybody in line. I know you can do it, honey.”
The girl momentarily studied the money in her hand, and nodded. “OK.”
Beta gave the girl the address. “Just grab the next pizza, whatever it is. Get me a pen, paper, and envelope, please. I want to jot down a note.”
Five minutes later, the delivery boy was on his way, and Beta took a freebie slice of pizza. She told the girl “mum’s the word” and headed back out to the street. She ate the pizza as she jogged back in the direction of 1 Rincon Hill.

Pony Boy shook David Cross to wakefulness. Cross was drunker than a skunk, and he had been that way all week. A week of pure hell for Pony Boy.
“It’s time, Cross. Let’s go see the man.”
“The man?”
“Right. The Big Daddy of all bounty and blessings.”
They drove out of India Basin in Pony’s GMC van, and headed for I-80. Their destination: Danville, and Syznic Manor. Traffic was heavy, and David slept for most of the way, in the back of the van among the tools.

The pizza delivery boy was gone, and the untouched pizza sat on the kitchen table. Mike held the note, and felt a chill like he had never felt before. Even when those jokers in Tuva had taken some potshots at him, didn’t compare to the dread he felt right at that very moment. He handed Estrella the note, which read:
To The Table Foundation Board of Directors: I am a Federal Agent. You know who I am. I was led to believe that you all were a threat to National Security. They lied to me, and I was eager to believe the lie. I am sorry. I am certain that Federal Agents are actively searching for David Cross, and are intending to kill him tonight. At this very moment, a friend is driving David over to Boffin Syznic’s estate. David is not well. They put an implant in his head, and it can kill him at any time, either by a directed EMP pulse, or it can fail on its own, causing sudden death. You must get him to a neurosurgeon that’s not working for the government, or on its list. He needs immediate attention. Complications from Indigo. Tell that to your intelligence chief. Dave’s not to blame; he is in over his head. Please go easy on him. Consider all of this when you judge me. They want to kill me too, but I intend to survive, if I can. All’s fair, and the Patch is now up for grabs. It’s too late for me to go back now. Tell that to Mr. Boffin Syznic. It is time for the secrecy to end. I’ve got to go.
Mike made a decision. “Call the baby-sitter, Strella. We’ll leave Alex with her overnight. I’ll start the car.”
Mike had no doubt who had written the note, having lived with her for more than a year.
“What have you done, Beta?” he muttered.
Only an hour or two ago, Mimi had called to tell them that YakMail had been hacked, and indeed the yak was still missing from the pasture! Mike pulled out his new not-so-cheap phone and called Boffin direct.
“Boff, no time to explain, just listen: The Prodigal Son desperately needs to get onto your medical plan. Gather everybody together. Leave the lights on for us, Boffin.”
It was well for Mike and Boffin that Agent Edwards was still unconscious at SF General, and Mother Board was already deep in hardcore distraction at a Folsom Street massage parlor. Mike’s reckless phone call would not be processed until the wee hours.

Back at 1 Rincon Hill, Beta was startled by 'Agent White's familiar personal ringtone, and suddenly she knew with a lurch in her guts that 'Don' was back in San Francisco, ahead of schedule. Damn. Girding herself, she flipped open her phone and remained as calm and serene as she could manage. This was it.
“Yes, Don, I copy… Oh, I’m sorry I missed you… welcome back! What?… Yes, I did get a call from Peter Derringer tonight, how did you know?… That was a joke, Don… Yes, I was debating on when to call you, just as soon as I finished my run… I needed to get some air, and a little bite to eat… What was that, Don? —No, I never jog with my phone, I keep dropping it… what?… Yes, I will be here tomorrow morning… Yes, 7:00 AM… What about David? —I let him go, I told you so last week, he is gone… no, he doesn’t know anything… OK, I’ll have a summation prepared… right, damn that pesky jet lag!… You get yourself to bed… goodnight, and welcome back, Don.”
Beta hung up and knew in her gut that her last dance with ‘Don White’ of the Federal Bureau of Investigation had begun. A death dance.
Not this time, Don.
Mark Diller, in that asshole way of his, had warned Beta to ‘watch her ass’. It was out of her hands, now. It was going to be a long night, but at least she would live to see the dawn.

FW sat alone at his desk, and closed his eyes. He had dismissed Agent Richards for the night, and Edwards was safe at home with a bruised noggin. FW felt a little woozy himself, an aftereffect of the cussed flu. There was a lot on the plate for tomorrow morning. Loose ends needed to be tidied up, before he made his next report to Gog.
Beta Bronski. She had been quite snippy and evasive over the phone, and FW didn’t care for her tone. Something just wasn’t right. Bronski and Cross had been set up to look like fools with the phony patch business, and that was unforgivable. Unless—
A paranoid thought took shape and festered in FW’s fevered brain: What if Beta herself arranged that setup? What if she was actually a plant, a ringer, working for Boffin Syznic?
Ridiculous.
Even if she wasn’t working for Syznic (or Derringer), it was just too risky to allow her to jeopardize the operation any longer, and her services had to be terminated immediately. However, FW was too fatigued with jetlag and the aftereffects of the flu, for any action tonight. It would have to wait on the morrow. Beta’s mission was over, after all. She would be found alone, dead from an overdose of narcotics, just like Eric Taylor. What a damn shame, wretched Beta Bronski, sliding back into her old habits and self-destructive behavior, only to crack under the stress and strain. So much potential, only to blow it all away, living such a reckless lifestyle!
Meanwhile, it was also exit time for Ted Ortega of the FDA, and DEA Agent Karen Silver, who was clearly out of control, and had a nasty drug habit to boot. Both of them were loose ends. A DEA SWAT team (led by Agent Silvergirl) was going to pay a friendly visit to Ortega this very evening. Agents from Alcohol, Tobacco, and Firearms would be on hand to ‘assist’. It seems that besides taking bribes, Ortega was involved with narcotics and weapons trafficking.
Right.
Ortega had to go away because he could identify Beta Bronski ('Veronica') and FW's own role in setting up the phony 'bribe'. Agent Silver had set up the Morgan sting and the David Cross activation. 'Silvergirl' had also supplied the quality cannabis for Beta's use in the op, not to mention the heroin that killed Eric Taylor, so she had to go as well. 
As for the matter of David Cross, they had to find him, pronto. Why had he hesitated? Cross should have been terminated days ago. Another looming matter was the treachery of Agent V. (E tu, Brutus?) FW idly wondered for a moment if he could possibly establish a link between Agent V and Bronski, but rejected the thought as foolish, and wishful thinking. Gog was certainly crazy, but not stupid. No matter. Gog would surely accept the overdose story, wouldn’t he?
FW covered his eyes with his hands. He needed to crash. Tomorrow morning at 7:00 AM, FW, Edwards, and Richards, were going to pay Beta Bronski a friendly, social call. FW sighed. Beta had no family, and wouldn’t be missed.
Now that the YakMail had been brought down, it was time to focus back on the real mission: Boffin Syznic was going to go down hard; the OtherNet would be exposed, dismantled, and destroyed; and FW Piltdown was to return to DC in triumph —in a chariot!
“I need to shoot somebody,” he murmured, as he massaged his temples with his fingertips. He thought for a moment that he heard faint laughter, and dismissed the thought. His blood pressure was up and he needed to settle down, but nagging thoughts remained: Where was Cross? Every hospital in the Bay Area was on alert, along with an all-points bulletin to all law enforcement agencies.
“Cross could be anywhere! Why did I wait? What the hell is going on?”
The answer came back in his mind, all the way from Alexandria, Virginia:
The name of our god is MUDDLE.
FW smoked his thirty-fifth, and thirty-sixth cigarettes of the day.

42: Synchronicity

Beta Bronski sits naked in the dark and does some yoga breathing exercises as she gazes out at the moving headlights on the Bay Bridge. There is nothing left to do except wait for the morning. FW Piltdown also sits in the dark, and watches Bronski in real time, via the cam, set on night vision.
Mike and Estrella are edgy and irritable, stalled in a traffic snafu on the bridge. For twenty or so minutes, Pony Boy’s van idles parallel to Mike’s Subaru, in the next traffic lane. Dave sleeps on, in the back of the van.
Mother Board nurses his drink as a clean-cut fellow slides onto the barstool next to him. “Hi! I’m Keith. Care to dance?”
Boffin Syznic makes a few encrypted phone calls. Guru Abbryggdd and Syznic’s tech wizards assemble outside of Boffin’s garage in the warm summer evening air.
“We’ve got a lot to do tonight, lads,” Guru tells everybody. Down in the bunker, Mimi sits at Boffin’s worktable and arranges stacks of Third Eye Patches, neatly in rows. Lori Dryer locks the front door of her Berkeley apartment, and descends down the stairwell to the parking garage. Steve Shank, with Jade and Phrogg in tow, decides to cut over to the San Mateo Bridge, and his strategy pays off: traffic is smooth, all the way to Dublin, and I-680. Boffin’s personal attorney, Sara Luptag, is also on her way, along with a couple of accountants. Rex Andromedas phones ahead to his crew, to ready the jet for the next morning.
Beta, finished with her yoga, lies back and absently runs her hands about her pubic region. Her mind is blank; the Void is receding… FW runs his hands about his own crotch, in unison with Beta, but can’t get a rise. He is just too tired. He shrugs, gives up, and buckles up his pants.
Pony finds an opening, and shoots ahead in traffic, leaving Mike and Estrella behind. Cocoa Brown pulls over and parks under some trees, a little way down the hill from Mark Diller’s condo. Dressed in a black body stocking, she climbs the hill behind Diller’s place, and circles around through the brush to the back of the condo property. After hopping over the fence with little effort, she expertly unlocks the back door and steps inside the silent condo.
Pony passes through the Caldecott Tunnel, and barrels his way into Orinda. Mike takes the wrong turnoff, and gets lost in the jigsaw puzzle maze of Oakland. He fights off the urge to snap at Estrella; both of them are more than a little scared and paranoid. Shank turns east on Crow Valley Road, seven miles west of Syznic Manor. Lori is already south of Walnut Creek. Pony is ten minutes west. Mike finally gets onto Highway 24, next stop: Walnut Creek, 20 miles east.
30 miles south in Fremont, Ted Ortega watches television in his darkened living room with a 16 oz can of beer in his grip, unaware of the unmarked police car parked out in front of his house. A SWAT team, led by DEA Agent Karen Silver, assembles silently down the block in a school parking lot. 
Mother Board barely makes it to the open toilet stall in the dingy leather bar men’s room, where he drops to the piss stained floor and vomits repeatedly. Keith comes in from behind, and asks him in a sympathetic voice: “You OK, sugar?”
Cocoa Brown slips into Mark Diller’s bed, naked as a clam. She shoves a cloth saturated with ether over Diller’s mouth and nose, just enough to calm him down. Diller closes his eyes as Brown oozes her body on top of him, and begins to work.
Shank turns into Syznic’s driveway, and is amazed at all the lights strung around the grounds. Men and women are at work everywhere, rolling platforms carrying Akhenaten solar panels, and satellite dishes. “Bloody hell, Boffin,” he mutters.
Lori Dryer turns east on Crow Valley Road. Pony Boy is already in Danville, having decided to pull over for gas and a cup of StartUps coffee.
A SWAT gorilla swings a sledge hammer and busts Ted Ortega’s front door wide open, and as Agent Silver and her goons rush in, shots are fired, lots of shots!
The moon moves west in her transit. Mike and Estrella are just blocks behind Pony, who noses his van out of the StartUps parking lot. Lori finds a parking spot amid the trucks and cars behind Boffin’s guest house. Rem Peterson drives west on Crow Valley Road, having taken the back way from the isolated farmhouse on the Stockton side of Mount Diablo, where he has V safely stashed, under the watchful eye of Axelrod Jones. Pony Boy turns into Boffin’s long sloping driveway, and without pausing, drives right up to the Manor, and pulls to a halt, right in front of the entryway.
“Out, out, Sir David. It’s time to meet the Wizard. Hop, hop! It’s time, man.”
David stumbles out of the van, and Pony says “Good luck, Cross,” and tosses out the sports bag at David's feet. Pony steps on the gas, and departs back down the driveway in a cloud of dust. Rem Peterson pulls up at that very moment, and sees David Cross in his headlights.
“Well, well, well.” he mutters as he slides out of his Camaro. “Come on, let’s get you to bed.”
Boffin watches from the window, as Rem leads David over to the guesthouse. Pony Boy drives west on Crow Valley Road. Mike passes the van going east, until the lights of Syznic Manor can be seen, up around the next bend.
The impartial moon shines down on Northern California.
Ted Ortega lies face-up on his living room floor in Fremont, eyes wide open, his crushed can of beer still clutched tightly in his right hand. DEA Agent Karen Silver lies face-down in the doorway, clutching her .9 millimeter. A man in a black ski mask squats down next to Ted Ortega and removes the crushed beer can from Ted's dead fingers and carefully replaces it with the gun that he just killed Karen Silver with.
Cocoa Brown and Mark Diller lay asleep in each others arms for a spell; neither of them dream.
Beta Bronski actually falls asleep on the soft carpet near her window on the world, high above the city of San Francisco. Snoring softly, she sleeps peacefully, and does not dream.
FW Piltdown drifts off to sleep on a military cot in the makeshift loft of his command center. He does not dream.
Mother Board lies in pile of garbage, in an alley just off Folsom Street. He is clad only in his t-shirt. His pants, jacket, and shoes are gone, along with his wallet and government debit card. He does not dream, because he is dead.
The Great Wheel is turning, and tomorrow is another day.
Bog help us all.

43: Cocoa Brown and the Man From PerryPharm

July 29, 12:40 AM, Mark Diller’s condo in Tiburon, CA

Mark Diller wept silently as he stood stark naked on the high bar-stool. His hands were tied behind his back with a soft rubbery cord, and a noose was tight around his neck. The other end of the rope was looped around the polished wooden high beam in his luxuriously furnished living room. The stool wasn’t very steady.
“Please,” he pleaded, “please, I won’t tell, I swear—”
Cocoa Brown, also naked and quite mellow, sat back comfortably in a lazy-boy chair and rocked gently, as she cleaned behind her fingernails with a small paring knife.
“No can do, Diller. I am sorry, 'n tough's the luck, but after all, you did hire that Clemente chap to kill a friend o’ mine. Mercy, mercy, what was you thinkin'? Did you really think that you could get away with somethin' like that?”
“What, what are you talking about—” 
“Oh shee-it, we've been watchin' you for quite some time, you know. That was little old me doin' the old midnight creep, while you was too busy bonin' that bimbo back in Lisbon, baby.”
Diller choked back a sob. “It…it was you—”
“Little old me, Blondie.”
 
Rewind. Mark Diller's horrorshow night in Lisbon and his desperate flight to Paris was all a blur to him now. Sir William Gallows somehow got wind of Diller's predicament, and rode in to the rescue. A very freaked out Diller was sedated and ferried across the channel to Merry Old England, where Sir William directed his detectives to conduct a full-scale investigation, regarding this Clemente business. Sir William's gumshoes and spies came up empty, however. The trail was too cold, and the Portuguese authorities were so clueless and incompetent that they couldn't locate their very own bung-holes, let alone provide needed assistance in a priority investigation! INTERPOL promised Gallows that they would look into the matter, but Sir William didn't hold his breath, and was sorry that he even called them.
All of this must have been a been a mix-up, Gallows decided. After all, whoever whacked Clemente had every opportunity to whack Diller right then and there in that hotel room, and had passed. It was very possible that somebody with an old grudge in the Lisbon underworld had taken advantage of the availability of Diller's hotel room to settle an old score with this Clemente character, who had less than a sterling reputation. Young Diller had been very foolish in making use of an underworld operative such as Clemente. 
Sir William gave Diller some fatherly advice in the limo ride to Heathrow Airport.
“I am trusting that you tell everything, and I mean everything to Mr. Perry, who has been very concerned about your disappearance. He only wants the best for you, and really does regard you as a long-lost son. Trust him! As for me, I have absolutely no interest or curiosity in learning the identity of whoever it is that you feel needs to be dead, but take my humble advice and do use caution in the future. There ARE other ways to get satisfaction, you know, more creative solutions! Sanctions are very serious matters, and should only be conducted as a last resort, and only by trusted professionals, and not unpredictable pretenders like your Clemente, who probably watched too many espionage movies!”
“Thank you, Sir Gallows.” Gone was Mark Diller's snarky cockiness that he displayed on his previous visit to the UK. 
“Live and learn,” Gallows chuckled to the still paranoid Yank. “You are still very wet behind the ears, and still have very much to learn. As for the incident in Lisbon, things like that do happen from time to time—why I could tell you some stories! Consider the whole bloody affair water under the bridge! I can wholeheartedly assure you that you were NOT the target in this, um, unfortunate affair. Chin up now, and let's get you safely back to the States. Mr. Perry has been worried sick about your welfare.”

Fast Forward: Mark Diller was met at SFO by a contracted driver (Fabio, of the Grove) and was driven directly home to Marin County. Feeling jet-lagged and somewhat groggy after dinner, he went straight to bed. Some time later he came to abruptly, and realized he wasn’t alone. What the hell? Oh Bog, he was on his back, doing it doing it doing it, with this woman, really doing it. The woman’s skin was brown and smooth as satin, and he let himself be swept away… afterward, he blacked out again for a bit. When he came to this time, he was standing on the stool. He realized with stark finality that he was experiencing his last moments in this mean old world, and he began to cry.
“Don’t,” said Cocoa, “I went the extra mile with you. I didn’t have to.”
“What?”
“Thought I would make your last hours ‘joyable. Don’t tell me that you didn’t enjoy it, Diller. Do try to be brave.”
“Who sent you, at least tell me that! Was it that motherfucker Derringer?”
Cocoa shook her head in the negative.
“Bronski, right? Beta Fucking Bronski! Fucking bitch!”
“She doesn’t know I’m here, baby—an' shame on you for tryin' to git her whacked, just because of some silly insult! Why do all you prima donnas have such thin skins? Haven't you ever been kicked in the balls before? Oh, stop your babblin' now, and act like you have a pair! It's time to pay the piper, sugar… after what you tried to do, did you really think that we would forget?”
“Listen, I know things, lots of things! I’m more valuable to you alive! Please—”
“I am sure that you are right, Diller.”
Cocoa rose from the chair and approached the barstool, holding the paring knife in her hand. Diller began to babble, but Cocoa shushed him as she hooked her left leg around one of the legs of the stool and cut the cord around Diller’s hands with one clean swipe of the knife.
“Easy, baby,” she said softly, as she slapped his butt and toppled the stool with her leg. Diller swung forward and frantically tried to get a hold of the noose, but he failed.

44: War Council

Mike and Estrella were both weary with fear and dread when they rounded the last bend on Crow Valley Road and saw the glow of Syznic Manor, just up ahead. The entire mansion was lit up like a Christmas tree, and the grounds buzzed with noise and activity. A crew of men and women were busy at work in the party area, assembling and configuring solar panels and satellite dishes.
“What in Hades—” muttered Estrella. “What is it, Mike? Do you think—”
“Well, I did tell Boffin to leave the lights on for us!”
They pulled up to the house proper. Cars and trucks were parked everywhere, haphazardly. More Syznic employees were busy adjusting lights and stringing cables. Several portable generators were running. Guru Abbryggdd, eyes on his clipboard, didn’t even look up from his calculations as Mike wheeled the car slowly past him. The whole scene reminded Mike of Cape Canaveral during a night shuttle launch countdown.
Jade and Phrogg were waiting on the front steps, and waved to Mike and Estrella, who headed right inside. There was a large table placed in the living room. Mike recognized it as the pizza table from Duck’s back party room. Stacks of papers and memos were placed around it. Uncle Duck came out of the kitchen, and gave Estrella a hug. He extended his hand to Mike, and said with a scowl, “I ain’t gonna hug you this time, Chen.”
“That’s OK with me, Duck. I’m not in the mood for any broken ribs! Is he downstairs?”
The Duck nodded.
“C’mon, Strella. I’ll give you the tour.”

Boffin, Mimi, Shank and Lori were all seated in the Bunker. A second sofa had been brought in, and Boffin’s worktable had been moved back against the wall. Mike and Estrella seated themselves on the sofa.
“I’m glad to see you made it in one piece,” said Boffin. “We are waiting on Rem and the Guru, who should be here any moment. All questions will be answered, and everyone will get their say.”
“Boffin, I’ve got to talk to you now. This won’t wait.”
Mike handed Boffin the note written by Beta. Boffin put on his reading glasses, and peered down at the note. After a moment of silence, he looked up and smiled at Mike and Estrella.
“Thanks, Mike. This explains a lot, and provides the last piece of the puzzle.”
Boffin raised his voice so everyone could hear him.
“At long last, it has begun: The first shot has been fired across the bow, and events are enfolding as I speak. Our Adversary is on the move, and to quote from Ms. Beta Bronski: It is now time for the secrecy to end. I will now tell you all, and I hope that you all will forgive me for keeping all of this close to the vest.”
Mike suddenly noticed something over on the table in the corner—stacks of cellophane wrapped objects in neat rows.
“Wait a second, Boffin.” Mike walked over to get a closer look.
“Is—are these what I think they are?”
“Indeed. Sorry, Mike. P-2, ready for use.”
“Oh Bog—” Mike held one up to the light. “I don’t think I have ever seen anything so—”
Mike turned to look at his friends, and saw that they already had donned their patches. Shank grinned at Mike, and let out a spooky “Ooh-Eee-Ooh.”
“Shut up, Steve,” said Lori, smiling. “Mike, I have to confess, I’ve been wearing mine on the sly, for about a week now. I don’t feel any different on the surface, but—”
Shank spoke up. “That’s probably because you are so temperate, Lori.”
“Maybe, Steve. But there is one thing. I’ve been having vivid dreams like I’ve never had before—no, wait, as you all know, I’ve always been a vivid dreamer. I mean dreams that I can remember upon waking. It’s weird, but not in a bad way.”
Mike and Estrella both donned their transparent patches. There was no sensation, vibration, or fanfares of heavenly trumpets and harps.
“Are we ready?” said Boffin. “Some of you know some of this story, but nobody knows all of it. I will start at the beginning, as best as I can. Rem and the Guru can wrap it up, once Rem gets here and Guru finishes up his setup. Let us begin.”

Boffin began with a short account of his career leading up to his accident, and his spiritual awakening as a result. He wrote a book that went nowhere, but got reacquainted with Jennifer Morgan in the process.
“Mimi and I recognized a kindred spirit. Planned Obsolescence followed, with Jenny, Mimi, and yours truly, playing mostly to empty cafes, and drunks at Duck’s, all for my benefit and well-being. We were crappy, but we improved over time. Eventually, Steve Shank and Lori Dryer took notice, and for some reason, entered our orbit and our cabal, bringing with them a higher level of professionalism to the Table: Steve’s musical virtuosity, and Lori’s kick-ass bass drum foot!
“Renaissance Time. As my health faded, my confidence and curiosity in life increased. On the business side of things, my ‘Empire’ grew, all on its own. It became a burden, and for the first time, there was a real concern about what to do with my money. Enter the Table Foundation. Making a difference in a new way, and in a new direction: Developing and rediscovering alternatives to our Culture of Dependence. Please note that I refer to Dependence, which is a cause, and not Addiction, which is a symptom.
“The money kept flowing in, and I made sure that it would go where it would do the most good. I hired the best people I could find to keep Uncle Sam’s dirty hands off of it. This, among other things, made me many powerful enemies, full of mistrust and paranoia. Spies were everywhere, and I began to get paranoid, uptight. I had to hire my own police, shysters, and spies, and become a mirror image of my enemies. I’m sorry to say it, but I began to manipulate people; pulling strings here, turning cogs there… I had to pull myself back from the brink of the abyss—because I almost lost my faith. Luckily Mimi and the others around me never wavered in their support. Mimi has kept me steady, and isn’t afraid to kick me in the ass when I get a big head and drift off message. And Rem Peterson—none of us would be sitting here right now, if it weren’t for Rem, and his outstanding people. ‘Poet Warriors’. Rem, Mimi, and I became acquainted with Strategy, and The Art of War, and we committed ourselves for the long haul.
“Every month, we met to jam at Duck’s and propose ways to spend my treasure. Lori had already proposed developing a meditative aid, to counter the evil pharmaceutical combine—but what it actually was and what it could do was never fully conceptualized. Steve had his own ideas about the healing powers of music. A lot of ideas were bounced around—swamis and con men were coming out of the woodwork. Most of the proposals were rejected, or passed on as comic relief—and the Foundation stagnated. And then, in the nick of time, something new come along, and new faces.
“I began hearing rumors of something called the ‘OtherNet’, and I reconnected with a fellow named Abbryggdd, who got himself into some trouble and renamed himself ‘The Anti-Virus Guru’. —The Guru. I gave him some startup cash, and he gave us YakMail, still in its infancy, but growing by leaps and bounds. Thanks to the Guru’s insight, a few innovations originally intended for my Akhenaten solar panel project gave us our breakthrough in realizing and implementing the OtherNet. Too technical to discuss here and now.”
Mimi interrupted him. “Boff. Hydration break in say, five minutes?”
Boffin looked at his watch, and nodded.
“OK, where was I?”
Mimi whispered in his ear.
“Right! One fine day, Jenny gave me a call, out of the blue. She was quite enthusiastic, and I’ve learned to trust her instincts. Within one minute, I was blown completely out of my skull! It seems that a fellow named Mike Chen had provided the answer to our dilemma.”
Boffin turned to Mike. “You have the floor, Mike. Some of us would like to hear your account.”
Mike was silent for a moment. “I didn’t provide the answer, Boffin, but only the right question. And I was prompted by Jenny, bless her heart, and she deserves credit. Anyway, here is my account in brief, so don’t let me go off on any tangents!
“Call me a stand-up comedian, who hit the jack-pot a long time ago. I never planned it, it just happened. I went from washing dishes to signing books in less than two years. Jenny set me up. Life was good. I coasted for more than ten years on the illusion that I was some sort of ‘visionary’. I never advanced that impression, but I never denied it, either. I never hurt anybody, but I never helped anybody, as far as that goes. You know, what can the world do for me, and not what can I do for the world… the Ego is an elegant liar. Maya is the Ego’s cloak. We all are willing participants, sleepwalking in the grandest of illusions. The greatest sin is the Lie. We feed the Lie to avoid pain, because the truth is too painful—because if the Reductionists are correct, then the science is settled: There is nothing at the end of the rainbow! The universe is a violent frightening place, life is pain and suffering, and we all are deathly afraid—of dying!
“Deep down, I began to question it all. What if both the Materialists and the Fundamentalists are equally wrong? I began to probe. I’ve always been a vivid dreamer myself, Lori. Lately I've been having a recurring dream, a real horrorshow one about God, who is always scolding me to shape up. Good luck on that one, dude! Sometimes he looks a lot like Karl Marx, and sometimes he's the Deli Lama—take your pick! Do you need any brain samples for your research, Dr. Lori?”
Everybody chuckled.
“During the last year or so, I began to dream about an incredible, vast ‘object’. Sometimes I refer to it as the ‘Static Sphere’. I can’t accurately describe it. I’ve tried to sketch it, but always give up. I can only say that it represents the great pool of psychic and spiritual energy that surrounds this planet. Self-perpetuating, and self-nourishing—very similar to the burning bush that does not consume itself. I also call it the ‘Nous’ which is inaccurate, but the name stuck. Anyway, I decided to devote my energies into unlocking the secret of the Static Sphere. I needed to get right. I began laying plans to get off the treadmill, but events in the material world caught up with me. For one thing, I was broke! I was also in a difficult relationship, which didn’t help, but I was swimming in my self-illusion. Check out this image: Mike Chen cruising with his foxy partner Beta Bronski! We became quite the couple around town. Beta was quite the trophy for my ego. I did have feelings for her, truly, but I was oblivious to her deep unhappiness and depression, her unfulfilled potential and her desire to be taken seriously as an equal player… a relationship doomed to failure.
“Like Nigel Flinth can tell you, I am a fraud. My new book is going to spill the beans on everything, so I can come clean. I’ve always talked the talk, but never walked the walk. Beta had what I wanted, boy oh boy, but I didn’t have what Beta needed. In other words, I’m a phony asshole. I can say this now: I have always treated my women badly, and if there was any problem, it was most surely their own, you know? I cheated on each and every one of them, starting with Jenny, but somehow I always managed to leave them laughing. Oh how slick I was! Would you believe that Beta Bronski was the first woman to ever walk out on ME? What an awakening! A shallow one, to be sure, but I was sure thrown for a loop. Fraud!
“Beta took a powder, and my dad died. Suddenly the facade came crashing down. I reached rock bottom and was floundering when Jenny threw me a lifeline. Estrella threw me one too. Boffin, Mimi, and the Table gave me a mission, and sent me off on an incredible adventure! I found an old but new ally in Steve Shank, and discovered the true value of friendship. Not to mention Dr. Lori, the best one of us all! I am honored and humbled to be counted among you all. Here we are. I have come full circle, and I swear to all of you—”  
Mike paused and looked directly into Estrella's eyes.
“I guess I really am growing up now!”
“Oh please, I hope not, Mike!” 
Everybody in the bunker laughed, Mike included. “Point taken, Strella! Look, I swear on my honor that I have truly changed my ways, and… well, enough about me. The Third Eye Patch is now a reality. What are we going to do now?”

A tired-looking Rem Peterson entered the bunker.
“Coffee break, gang.” said Mimi, “Let’s take ten minutes so Boff can get his hydration. The nurse is off tonight, so I’ll need a few minutes. Go on up to the kitchen.”
“I’ll do it, Mimi,” said Rem, “go on up and get a cup. I have to brief the Boss.”
He took the sealed plastic water pump from Mimi.
“OK, Remington. Rubber gloves, in the box over on the table.”
Everybody filed out, and had their coffee in the kitchen. Nobody said much.

Rem spoke quietly in Boffin’s ear, as he adjusted the feeding tube.
“Cross is out for the count in the guesthouse. Do you want to take a gander on what's inside his sports bag?”
“Let me guess—maybe a healthy amount of cash, in large bills?”
“How in hell did you know? By the way, the FBI has just issued an APB for guess who?”
“One David Cross?”
“Bingo. As of this very moment, you and I are committing a felony.”
“Right, let's just keep this to ourselves for the time being. The others don't need to know, for their own protection. I'll tell Mimi later."
“Who do we call, boss? Cross needs to be in a big-city hospital, as soon as possible.”
“Call Dr. Madras as soon as you can establish a secure connection. If Dave steps foot in any hospital tonight, he's a goner, I'm afraid."
Rem shook his head. “Lord help us.”

When they reassembled in the bunker, Boffin signaled for attention.
“Remington Peterson has the floor, and has lots of ground to cover. —Rem?”
Rem Peterson stood up and paced the floor as he spoke. He held a clipboard, and Mike noticed that Beta’s note was clipped on top of his cheat-sheet.
“OK, it’s been quite a night, and the fun’s not over. Before I get to Beta Bronski and her profile, we must go back a year or so, and review our enemy’s activities.”
Rem gave a brief summary of his contacts and moles in the U.S. Government. Many good and dedicated people were trying to stem the rising criminal takeover of the Government, but the fight was hard, and seemingly hopeless at times. One agency on the ascendency was NASTY, as it was commonly called. The National Agency of Science and Technology took precedence over the other agencies, which was bad shit. There was little or no oversight and accountability, and NASTY became a beacon for evil.
“I know that some people have trouble with the concept of good and evil. To see the world as it really is, and not as it should be, is just too unpleasant and uncomfortable for a lot of people’s agendas. ‘It can’t happen here!’ But it has. An awakened public is the greatest threat to the United States Government and their corporate masters. Uncle Sam is the biggest drug pusher in the history of civilization, and the very thought of a healthy drug-free populace is intolerable, and must be nipped right in the bud. And before anybody lets out a tired old joke about the black helicopters, please let me remind you all that I used to fly in them!”
Rem paused to take a sip of bottled water as everybody in the bunker laughed nervously.
“Any talk of changing things around, is investigated and dealt with, accordingly. According to my sources, it appears that a phone call between Jennifer, Boffin, and Mike was intercepted by a rolling surveillance van, and certain keywords and phrases raised red flags. Pure, random luck. Syznic Industries had always been under their radar, but this was a lucky break. Enter David Cross, our wayward attorney. Because of his radical activities and advocacy of drug law reform, Dave’s name holds an honored, special place on the Government’s Enemies List, and it appears that he has been under surveillance for quite some time now. The very next day after the intercepted phone call, Jenny was set up on a bogus drug charge. Jenny has her enemies, too. Cross made the charges go away, and that was that. Dave and Jenny hooked up and settled into a happy and mobile relationship. Dave IS a nice guy, maybe a bit of a stoner. Anyway, Jenny promoted him to a position in the Foundation, and he was hired on as the Table’s attorney. A VERY lucky break for the bad guys, who were trying to get a toe into Boffin’s activities. 
“This is where things get really interesting. The very next evening, Dave was rushed to Howland Hospital for emergency ear surgery. There were ‘complications’, and they almost ‘lost’ him. A hotshot surgeon named Dr. Morris Röntgen happened to be visiting at the time, and saved the day. Right. Except that there is no Morris Röntgen from Strasbourg—he doesn't exist. Believe me, we checked. Howland Hospital swears they've never heard of him. THEIR records state that David WAS admitted for observation only and that no surgery was performed, but they do admit that there was a glitch in their security cam network for more than four hours that night. Furthermore, they insist that only an exploratory biopsy was performed and that Cross was given a pain reliever and anti-biotics. Why would they lie, right? In the end, it comes down to their word against Jennifer's. Who are you going to believe? So let's move on. David stayed in the hospital for another day, and was sent home fully recovered.
“David Cross is now counted as one of the ‘Indigo Children’. Their exact numbers are unknown, for no official paper trail exists, for obvious reasons. As for his medical procedure: A lot of doctors nationwide have been roped into cooperating in this dirty business, under the guise and threat of ‘National Security’. 
“I have, no, HAD a friend in the SF branch office of the FBI. Let’s call him ‘V’. At great risk, he proceeded to feed us direct links to David’s device. Thanks to V, we have always kept one step ahead of FW Piltdown. Until now.
“We did have an emergency exit plan set up, and V escaped with hours to spare. Axelrod Jones ferried him to a safe house, where he gave me a flash drive with Indigo data, and a description of FW’s communications set-up. I have made arrangements to move V to a safer location, where he can now compile a detailed report to expose the Indigo Project, for Congress and the public. The gloves are now off, folks. An all-points bulletin has been issued for the arrest of David Cross, and he is now… a fugitive. I cannot disclose any more than that, except that FW Piltdown and his assassins are actively searching for him, as well as my informant V, and yes, Beta Bronski. V told me that Bronski was in danger, and urged me to have someone pick her up, but it’s now out of our hands. I sincerely hope that she survives, Chen, despite her treachery and betrayal. She was duped, and must be pitied…”
There was a pause, and Estrella spoke up.
“Listen, Beta lived next door to me for a more than a year. How did she end up working for the Government? How did she end up in David Cross’s office? All of this is unreal.”
“Piltdown got his hands on her, when she was at her most vulnerable. He convinced her to spy on the Table for the good old U.S.A. She was told that the Table was a front for a terrorist organization. And as soon as Mike and Steve took off for Greece, Piltdown got her placed in Cross’s office, and within a week, she pretty much had Cross where she wanted him—totally subdued and under her control. Bronski was led to believe that the inner workings of the Patch needed to be passed on to Peter Derringer and the Mackeyville Corporation, as a matter of National Security. This evil monster Piltdown dangled the very lives of David Cross and Mike Chen over her head like a carrot on a stick, just out of her reach… and well, here we are. Bronski did some very bad things, but she did save David’s life, and I hope she doesn’t pay for that, with her own… The ‘Dummy Patch’ hoax only bought us a couple weeks of time, but we learned a lot, thanks to our ‘feed’ on Dave. We now know that the big players in the Consortium and the Government are squabbling with each other. But Cross’s double zombie status was exposed when Peter Derringer’s techs uncovered the hoax, and the set-up. Bronski was stung, but she won’t be the next time—if she lives. We all learn from our mistakes. Anyway, the caper sealed David’s fate, and V’s. In all of the fun and excitement, it was something that I overlooked, unfortunately.”
Boffin rolled his chair forward.
“I will take the blame and responsibility, Rem. We could have told David and Jenny months ago about this ‘Indigo’ business, and got him some help. But no, I had to play the puppet-master, and as a result—well, that is something I have to live with, and I hope that he and Jenny will forgive me. Both of them have every reason not to. I frigged it up, big time.”
“Don’t be so hard on yourself, Boff.” said Shank. “After all, YOU didn’t start all of this shit. What the bloody hell has happened to this country?”
“Shanker’s right,” said Mike, “and we all make mistakes. And Dave IS a traitor. But what about Jenny? She should be in on this.”
“That’s why I’m flying out to New York,” said Mimi, glancing at her watch, “courtesy of Tiger Lily. I’ll brief her.”
Mimi held a Patch up in the light for everyone to see.
“The Media War has begun, my friends. Jenny is now in ‘training’, for the fight of her life, and she just can’t wait to jump right into it. And may God help the poor Devil, because he is in for it now!”
Shank butted in: “Jenny is going to debate my old mentor and nemesis, Sir William Gallows. On TV.”
“You don’t say…” muttered Mike in wonder.
Shank pointed to Jade and Phrogg who were sitting quietly in the corner.
“Take those two with you, Mimi.”
Jade and Phrogg looked at each other, and slapped five.
“Rex really wants to meet you, Jade-kins.” Shank added. “He’s hopelessly addicted to My Next Life!”
Boffin interrupted him. “Not this time, Steve. I have a job for these two. Stick around, Jade. I have a proposition for both of you, after we finish up in here.”
Guru Abbryggdd stuck his head into the room. “Kind of crowded in here, Sir Boffin. Is everybody now ready to step out of the cocoon? I do believe it's time we gave the bloody bastards a little wakeup call.” 
Once upstairs, everybody took a seat at the large round table. Guru stood in front of the living room window and gestured at the flurry of activity outside.
“I’m ready when you are, Syznic.”
Boffin nodded, and closed his eyes. Guru produced a CheapFone from his pocket, and pressed the CALL button down. The lights flickered for a second.
“So be it,” he muttered, as he tore the cheap cardboard and plastic phone in half, and tossed the pieces onto the table.
“We have just neutralized our enemy’s communications, thanks to the data provided by Mr. Peterson’s mole. Our new security bubble is now in place, and we can now talk freely from now on. As you all know, the Yak was taken down last night. Well, not to worry, he’s back, and better than ever. Let’s all give it up for him, because the Yak is back!”
Everybody in the room whooped and applauded. Guru pulled a little drawstring bag out of his pocket and passed a bunch of flash drives around the table.
“This is my new and improved Two Headed Worm Blocker, which will put the evil Mackeyville Corporation out of business. You might say it is my life’s work. It is my intention that every PC in the world will have it, because it will be free. Justice will prevail.”
Another round of applause from around the table.
“Everybody, please download this application onto your computers and laptops. Share them with your families, friends and associates. Spread the word. Welcome to the OtherNet—Stage 1.”
Guru pushed his chair back, and stood up. “I need to flop, Syznic. I’m dead on me feet.”

After breakfast, Boffin called to order. The thin line of dawn could be seen through the living room windows. It was now quiet outside; all activity had ceased.
“We do have some pressing business to attend to. All of this other stuff has overshadowed our main point of business: Lori’s test results for P-2. They are good, much better than we could have hoped for, scientifically speaking. But I want to do better, and as I speak, another test, at a secret location, is wrapping up.
“I have a ranch in the Sierra Foothills, in a place called Lucifer’s Canyon. Don’t you just love that name? Anyway, this test—without Lori’s full knowledge or approval—was conducted using meth and crack addicts, in a Spartan setting. The patches used are the proto-P-3, with thrice the amplitude of the P-2 setting. A fellow by the name of Ricardo Radcliffe is the director of the project, and the guy deserves a medal. Anyway, his preliminary results are in, and as I said, they’re positive. Sixty-plus percent, same as Lori’s results.”
There was no comment from anybody at the table.
“Does anybody here understand the implications of all of this? —Lori?”
“The implications are immense. Take my word for it.”
Boffin cleared his throat. “P-3 is now in production. I hope to have fresh samples for everybody with the week, but there's no big rush. Meanwhile, we have decided to give away the whole batch of P-2 patches to the public, and I’m hoping you all can lend a hand. How many are we talking about, Mimi?”
“Nearly one hundred and fifty thousand, Boff.”
Someone whistled.
“Right,” said Boffin, “the ‘Patch War’ has begun, and we are going full steam ahead. Let’s get these samples on the street, pronto! My factories in the valley are gearing up, and switching over to P-3, even as I speak. P-3 will be aggressively marketed, and sold as cheap as possible. Tiko Akawi’s factories in Viet Nam and Indonesia are already in full production mode, running off pre-programmed patches, along with Akhenaten components. The shoe is on the other foot now! Peter Derringer will be caught with his pants down and will have to hustle double-time just to catch up! My best estimation is that we have at least a two week jump on him. We also have the advantage coming right out of the starting gate with our protected patents, and our edge on production and quality control. His rip-off product will be inferior. We’ll sue, of course, but he’ll find a way to change enough of it to get around our copyrights. Meanwhile, the good folks at PerryPharm are royally pissed off at not acquiring the prize, so they are enlisting their allies in the Media, such as Sir William Gallows, to launch a full-frontal media campaign to discredit the Patch. This is Jenny’s moment, gang. She has been preparing for this moment her whole life… she will be our champion, and she will stand face-to-face with the beasts and their whoremasters—and she will best them! The bastards won’t even know what hit them!
“This is it, folks! It’s now or never, and all or nothing. So we need to talk contracts, right now, this very minute. Mimi has to leave in a few minutes; she is taking copies of everything with her for Jenny. Decisions have to be made, so here is the bombshell: Mimi and I are resigning from the Table Foundation, as of right now. And any of you that want to be part of the Third Eye Patch Corporation must do so likewise, now. We cannot delay.”
There was an uncomfortable silence around the table, except for Estrella, who gasped: “What?”
A lone tear ran slowly down her face.
“Boffin, Mimi?”
Estrella turned and looked at Mike, who grinned as he always seemed to do in moments of stress. He patted Estrella’s hand.
“There is a reason, Strella,” he said, nodding at Boffin.
“It’s to save the Foundation, Estrella,” said Boffin, “They will bring it down, shut US down, if there is any indication of a conflict of interest. I want to preserve the Table, and designate a large part of my fortune to it. The government wants my money dearly, and we can’t have that.”
Boffin surveyed the faces of his friends at the table. Only Estrella’s face showed any emotion, and Boffin loved her for it.
“The money flow just won’t stop, Estrella. Let’s continue to put it to good use. The Table will be restructured into two departments: Science, Heath and Wellness, and The Humanities. Jenny wants out; she feels she has neglected her own business interests. This is a full time job, and then some. So two candidates will co-run the whole thing. They will each be paid, um, how about one million dollars a year, and will administrate, um, 100 million dollars a year budget.”
Mimi leaned over and whispered into Boffin’s ear.
“Right! One person has already been selected, and has agreed to take on the Health and Wellness Department. Take a bow, Lori.”
“Thank you, Boff. This is beyond my wildest dreams. Thank you both, and I will do my best to keep to the founding objectives and principles of our original vision.”
“My second candidate is also sitting right here at this table. I didn’t need much convincing, likewise for Mimi. I think we chose the right person, who I hope accepts the position of Humanities Director. What do you think, Estrella?”
Estrella clearly misunderstood the question.
“Well, Boffin,” she said with some hesitation, “I would think that Mike or Steve would be an excellent choice, right?”
“I was referring to you, Estrella. Please accept.”

Boffin’s lawyer, Sarah Luptag, was summoned in from Boffin’s study. She was in her sixties, and looked tough as Mother Jones. She was accompanied by two Certified Public Accountants, to notarize and witness the contracts.
“Are you all done plotting?” said Luptag, who also was going to New York on the Rex Express. “Time is pressing, Boff.”
So Mike, Shank, Boffin, and Mimi submitted their resignations, and signed the Third Eye contracts, as Estrella and Lori signed their new Table Foundation contracts, and became instant millionaires.

The sun was rising when Shank joined Mike out on the front steps for a celebratory beer. A few of Guru’s crew were still out and about, cleaning up, and drinking coffee. Four cartons containing thirty thousand P-2 Patches were stacked next to Mike’s Subaru. Another 30 K were stowed in the back of Shank’s panel truck, likewise for Lori Dryer’s Honda.
“You know, if the Patch bombs, we’re broke,” said Mike.
“Speak for yourself, Grasshopper,” laughed Shank, “but don’t forget our music project. A few record companies have shown interest, and you still have your next bestseller to finish.”

Estrella caught Mimi alone, before the group of travelers boarded the Syznic company bus which had arrived to take them all down to San Jose, where Rex was standing by. Mimi herself was transporting 10 thousand of the P-2 Patches, for the Big Apple. Estrella handed Mimi a folded note.
“Read it later, Mimi. I got wind of David and Beta Bronski weeks ago, and decided to keep my mouth shut. That is something I will have to live with. Maybe I shouldn’t have, but I did pass the news on to Jenny. I felt it was my duty as a friend.”
“You did right, Estrella. I hate all of this espionage.”
Mimi suddenly brightened.
“Well, Strella, you have to hire a staff. Good luck, honey. And get ready for the shit-storm.”
Mimi embraced Estrella, and then boarded the waiting bus which then made a sweeping circle and moved away down the sloping driveway. Mike and Estrella followed in the Subaru, with their precious cargo stacked in the back hatch. Shank finished his beer, and watched the sunrise.
As the vehicles moved down the sloping road, a lone figure stumbled out and stood shakily in front of the guesthouse. David Cross had an earache and a killer hangover. The inconvenient truth that he had long suppressed had bubbled to the surface:
I was a wind-up toy for the Federal Government. No more pretending otherwise.
Knowing that the jig was up, he wondered what he was going to do now—what was he going to say to Jenny and the others? What could he say? 
Well Jen, it happened just like this: First I took a little ride with a nasty DEA agent who had me by the balls, and then we set YOU up like a bowling pin! Then I tossed you aside for a fresher piece of meat, and Jen, man oh man, guess who got the last laugh?
Cross stumbled back into the guesthouse and flopped back down onto the sofa, where he slept on and off for the next ten hours. Every once and a while he would moan Beta’s name, and sometimes Jenny’s as well. For David Cross, the Great Wheel had come to a grinding halt, and maybe it was time to hop off and find a hole to hide in, maybe for good. Beta Bronski’s Void beckoned.
Saying goodbye is always a little like dying. Fade to black.



Book 9 The Center Cannot Hold

45: Meltdown

Morning, July 29
F. Walker Piltdown kept a loft right above his command post in the shadow of the Bay Bridge. His living quarters were Spartan, an old habit and discipline, when working in ‘the field’. There was only a table and chair, microwave oven, and a small refrigerator. The bathroom had only a toilet and sink, but no shower. He had no intention of getting comfortable here; comfort was a distraction from focusing on the mission, so he lay on a hard military cot. A single bare light bulb hung from the ceiling. The only things missing were leather straps and hair shirts.
It was morning in America.
FW gazed stupidly at his bedside clock. It was nearly 5:00 AM, and time to get up. After a wash and a shave, he made instant coffee, and entered the control room to see if there was any news on V, or David Cross. He flicked on his monitor, and as he waited for the computer to warm up, he lit his first cigarette of the day. The image on the monitor slowly came into focus. It looked a little strange and different from the usual start-up sequence.
“What now?”
FW sat stupefied for a good twenty seconds, before his brain could process what he was seeing on the screen.
“What the—”
A very healthy and robust young couple were really going at it, performing with superb athletic skill. They were—
(Sweet Lucifer!)
FW moved the mouse around and found he couldn’t exit the scene, because he couldn’t locate any icons for the mouse to click on to. The young woman on the screen looked right into FW’s eyes and winked, with an inviting smile. The young man snorted like a horse as he spanked the young woman’s fanny with a loud smack!
FW shut it down manually, and restarted. The healthy young performers were back, although they had changed positions. FW cursed his throbbing erection and flipped open his phone to punch in Edward’s number. Suddenly the sounds of the copulating couple were in his ear, loud. The sound quality was excellent. He almost smashed the phone, thought better of it, and flipped it closed.
Was that laughter he heard in the distance?
FW’s watch said 5:45. He double-checked his service revolver, and made sure he had his ‘Don White’ FBI badge and ID. OK. He needed to track down Edwards and Richards and find a secure phone and computer. As soon as his boner was under control, he put on his suit jacket, locked up, and slid into his car. Just at that very moment, Ron Moblad pulled up into the parking lot, and FW smiled. He waved to Moblad, who trotted over to FW’s sedan.
“Brief me,” said FW to Moblad.
“Sir, all communications are down. Only Syznic and his Guru have the capability to do this, although the Bonny Black Prince is already taking credit! Anyway, the techs are working on the problem, at the Federal Building.”
“Do you have any other news, Moblad? Have you seen or talked with Edwards and Richards?”
“No. Everything is pretty messed up, sir, but at least one thing went as planned last night.”
FW smiled grimly. Ted Ortega pulled a gun on law enforcement officers serving a legal warrant, and opened fire on the first one through the door, DEA Agent Karen Silver, who was killed instantly. Ortega himself was shot and killed when the arresting officers returned fire. Agent Silver died heroically in the line of duty, a tragic loss for the Agency, and all of law enforcement.
“The Attorney General has already issued his condolences,” said Moblad, “and the President has ordered all flags on Federal buildings to be lowered to half-staff, for the remainder of the day.”
“She will be missed by her many friends and colleagues.” muttered FW. “As for Ted Ortega, it's a goddamn shame, such a waste…”
Long live the United States!
Moblad was positive that David Cross was hiding somewhere on the estate of Boffin Syznic, based on an intercepted call from Mike Chen.
“What to do, Moblad?” FW joked.
Moblad pulled the EMP device out from his jacket pocket.
“Well, sir, maybe I should drive myself up to Henderson Ranch, and find a perch overlooking Syznic’s place. Check out the view.”
(And point this baby, and zap!)
FW smiled. “For maximum listening pleasure, make sure that your mp3 player is fully charged from the car’s cigarette lighter. Go on, and have yourself a good time. We didn’t even have this conversation.”
Moblad nodded in understanding. David Cross was to join the other Indigo Children, and Ron Moblad was finally going to make his bones.

It took FW hours to round up Edwards and Richards. So much for the 7:00 AM ‘appointment’ with Beta Bronski. FW found that the Federal Building was in chaos. All of their computers showed only an old television test pattern, the one with the Indian Chief, with the letters reading: WE ARE HAVING TECHNICAL DIFFICULTIES, PLEASE STAND BY!
Meanwhile, Edwards and Richards had decided to wait outside 1 Rincon Hill, after finding FW gone from the command post. When 7:00 came and passed, they drove back to the post, and then on to the Federal Building. Meanwhile FW had missed them twice, going in the opposite direction.
(What a fucking Polish fire drill!)
It wasn’t till 9:00 AM, when communications were finally restored at Spook Central. Not so for FW’s command post. The happy copulating couple showed no signs of tiring and were very happy where they were, thank you very much!
At 9:30, a SFPD homicide detective arrived to inform FW of the murder of Mother Board, FW’s computer geek. Mother’s body had been found in an alley off Folsom Street, with a broken neck. He had been robbed and sexually assaulted. There were no leads at the moment, but Forensics was processing the crime scene with a fine-tuned comb. The FBI had also been called to the scene. FW courteously thanked and dismissed the cop.
Finally, Edwards (in a head bandage) and Richards pulled up, just as FW was leaving the command post for the third time in three hours!

Moblad arrived at FW’s trailer, up at Henderson Ranch about 9:00 AM, and greeted the spook observing the Syznic compound.
“Lot of activity last night, and this morning,” said the spook.
“I’ll bet,” replied Moblad. “Show me where the best perch is, with a direct line to the mansion.”
Five minutes later, the deed was done. Moblad pointed the device, and directed the pulse that deactivated David Cross’s implant, and that was that. Moblad thanked the spook, and drove off in a cloud of dust, back in the direction of Crow Valley Road.

It wasn’t till 10:15 that the three agents arrived and double-parked in the parking garage at 1 Rincon Hill. FW then called Beta on a phone borrowed (confiscated) from a secretary in the Bureau office.
“Come on up, Don,” answered Beta.
FW flashed his ID to the Rincon security man, and the three G-Men rode the elevator up to Beta’s floor. All three of them were armed, and Edwards (or was it Richards?) carried a pair of handcuffs. He also had a hypo and bag of skag, tucked away in his coat pocket.
The door was open a crack, and FW rapped three times.
“Door’s open.” said Beta’s voice, from inside. They entered, to see Beta standing by the wall-length window with the dizzying view of the Bay Bridge and the East Bay hills, bathed in sunlight. Beta was wearing a sheer white full-length negligee that displayed the outline of her body to glorious effect, with the light of morning sun behind her. She was the very image of an angel, an angel of light, and FW thought: Nice try, Beta Bronski.
“Good morning, Don.” Beta was holding a sheet of paper, and as she stepped forward, FW observed that she was barefoot. He gave his sidekicks a look that said: Steady, boys—
FW’s demeanor was blunt, gruff, and to the point:
“Sorry I’m late, Agent Bronski. —Beta, where did you go last night?”
“Go? Didn’t I tell you last night? Who are your friends, Don? —Wait a second, I remember you two! Agents Edwards and Richards! Are you guys still with the Bureau? I thought—”
Beta stepped up to Edwards, and looked into his eyes.
“Who the fuck is Ernesto, Agent Edwards? Or are you Richards?”
Edwards looked away from her, and cleared his throat.
“Steady, boys.” This time, FW said it out loud. “Sit down, Beta. Please.”
Beta turned, and went over to sit in a chair by the window. Beta’s rear view was just as spectacular as her front one, and FW realized to his dismay that his trouser mouse was wide awake again, thank you very much!
(Damn you, Beta Bronski!)
“Don, I have been so lonely lately,” said Beta, mysteriously. “I woke up this morning, afraid…”
FW felt a sudden chill, and nervously cleared his throat.
“Beta, I asked you a question. Where did you go last night?”
“I told you last night, I went out to eat. Don’t you believe me?”
“Did you go anywhere else? Who did you talk to, Beta?”
“Talk to? Is there anything wrong? You seem to be upset.”
FW stared at her for a moment, having lost his thread.
“Sit down, Don,” said Beta, indicating the sofa.
FW shook his head.  “David Cross has disappeared. Did you have anything to do with that?”
“Disappeared? Are you serious?”
“Beta, have you engaged in any secret or unauthorized communications with Boffin Syznic, or any other members of the Table Foundation?”
Beta laughed out loud. “Boffin Syznic? Secret communications? Oh my goodness, Don!”
FW stood mesmerized. He had never seen Beta laugh and smile quite like this before, and she looked absolutely precious and beautiful. But FW’s insectoids and imps fueling his chronic paranoia overruled any possibility of letting Beta off the hook. Something just wasn’t right here, and FW smelled a rat. No matter, the jig was up. FW needed to kill somebody, and here was Beta, laughing in his face, right in front of his subordinates.
“Beta, your assignment has concluded, and your services are at an end. The Bureau, and your country, thank you.”
Beta rose from her chair, and smoothed down her clingy negligee.
“Does that mean Thanksgiving dinner is off, Don?”
Before FW could respond, Beta said in a normal tone of voice:
“Indigo.”
FW froze, as Beta looked down at her printout, and began to read aloud.
“Betsy Cook, 28, First Amendment Activist. Jane Claydon, 46, Libertarian Blogger. Martin Ng, 32, Alternative Medicine Advocate. David Cross, 38, Attorney, Drug Laws Reformer—”
Beta looked up at ‘Don’.
“F. Walker Piltdown,” she said with a smile.
FW opened his mouth, closed it, and pulled out his service revolver.
“Place Ms. Bronski under arrest,” he told Edwards, and made a shooing motion with his gun. “Cuff her.”
“Oh no you don’t,” said a male voice, vaguely familiar. FW whirled around to see Fabio, the guy from the Russian River Grove, pointing a gun right in his face.
FW suddenly felt a strong grip on his right wrist, and felt his legs get kicked out from under him. Something hard thumped him in his back, and he went down onto the carpet with a whumph as his revolver slipped from his grasp. Somebody’s shoe kicked it out of his line of sight, and he felt a hard crack; bone against bone.
(Sweet Satan, was that me?)
Cocoa Brown of the Grove, knelt on FW’s back and stuck a gun in his ear.
“Lie still, sir. We are going to cuff you,” she said politely.
The Great Gog strode into the room, clad in an enormous Hawaiian shirt, Bermuda shorts, and sandals.
“Stand down, Walker. We need to talk.”
FW’s stomach suddenly contracted like a bungee chord. Somebody was whimpering, and he thanked Satan that it wasn’t him.
Fabio finished cuffing Edwards, and started on Richards. Beta stood back by the picture window, her face impassive.
“Take those two into the kitchen,” said Gog. Fabio and Cocoa rough-handled and slap-marched Edwards and Richards out of the room. Gog looked down at FW.
“I heard that you were hit by Syznic’s cyber-pranksters during the wee hours, son. Quite a comeback, considering you had them on their knees, only yesterday!”
Gog’s tone was of sporting admiration, as if he was saying: ‘Boys will be boys!’
Beta assisted Gog, and together they helped FW to his feet.
“Please sit,” Gog said to FW, in a kindly tone, “I want to make a speech.”
FW sat down unsteadily, because of the handcuffs. He had a bad feeling that he might not survive the day. The Big G began his lengthy soliloquy.
“Hear me out, Walker. I have been listening in with great interest, since you recruited Ms. Bronski. I was curious, you see. You have good instincts but you possess no imagination or vision. Your father has, or used to have, a little more on the ball, but both of you have never possessed the ability to think around corners and see the bigger picture. On the other hand, Ms. Bronski is on the right side of the curve, and I do want to thank you for bringing her onto the team. That being said, YOU have demonstrated your unfitness to participate any longer in this operation, which as of now, is suspended. Your bloodlust will not go unnoticed back in DC, Walker. Congressional hearings are looming on the horizon, and YOU have a lot of explaining to do. What will the FBI mole ‘V’ tell the investigators, son?”
FW didn’t answer. Gog bent down to whisper in FW’s ear.
“Who gave you the authorization to barge into my apartment without a warrant and draw your gun on Ms. Bronski? It certainly wasn't me.”
FW’s guts tightened. “Sir, I am positively certain that Bronski is a double agent.”
“Oh really? And who is she working for, pray tell?”
“Who else but Boffin Syznic, sir? Even if I am mistaken, she still is a rogue, working solely for herself.” 
“What if I told you that Ms. Bronski is actually working for me, Walker?”
FW did not respond to that one. Cocoa Brown came into the living room and whispered something in the Big G’s ear. Gog nodded, and Brown returned to the kitchen.
“Walker, I am puzzled. This Eric Taylor fellow and his female companion were just innocent civilians with no skin in the game. By whose authorization did you order the sanctions of those two civilians?”
FW cursed the urine that dripped down his pants leg.
“Sir, according to the LASD police report, Taylor died from an accidental overdose of narcotics.”
“Really? Cocoa, can you come back in here, please?”
 Cocoa came back into the living room, holding a hypodermic needle, and a small baggie containing a white substance.
“These were found on Agent Edwards, Mr. Piltdown,” she said, politely. FW closed his eyes, and lowered his head
Gog sadly shook his own head.
“Beta was next, wasn't she, son? I smelled a rat you know, and ordered a second round of tests on Mr. Taylor. Forensics down in LA concluded that Mr. Taylor was NOT an intravenous drug user, and had no prior traces of heroin in his system. Beta tells me that Mr. Taylor was in fact, only a ‘recreational’ user of cocaine, and was scared to death of needles. Maybe he wasn’t a model citizen, but he certainly did NOT deserve to be deprived of his civil and constitutional rights, let alone to be sanctioned in this manner! Very sloppy, and very stupid, son. Did you really think that your extracurricular activities would somehow magically elude MY radar? To think that the only son of one of my oldest colleagues… to show such an utter lack of respect… not only for myself and your very own father, but the President of the United States! I have known and worked with your father for decades, and I am at a complete loss on what I am going to tell him today. I am not so sure that your father—or me—can cover for you, this time around. —Let us return to the present situation. You have been quite busy, and the only thing that you have accomplished is the undoing of many months of hard work, and meticulous planning. Was it Fister Perry, son? Did PerryPharm order Ted Ortega’s death, or was that your own idea?”
FW, totally dumbstruck, sputtered out his words.
“Sir, didn’t Ortega come out shooting? I don’t know what you are talking about—”
“A brave peace officer tragically lost her life in that raid. I've ordered Forensics to make an extra special priority investigation on determining the origins of Ortega's firearm—and the ammo also, Walker. I will not rest until we get to bottom of this, particularly in this matter regarding the DEA agent's death.”
FW said nothing, as Gog paused for a sip of water before continuing. 
“Who killed Mark Diller, son?”
This time FW was genuinely startled and thrown for a loop. “Sir?” 
“Did you and Fister Perry decide that Diller was more of a liability than an asset, at this point in the game?”
“Mark Diller… is dead? You think that I… wait a minute, wait a goddamn minute here—this is totally insane and ridiculous and I have absolutely no fucking idea what you are talking about, I swear on the Master's Name! I have never met or spoken to Fister Perry in my life! —Maybe Beta here set Diller up.”
For the first time, Beta’s face showed genuine contempt.
“Not a chance, Don. Never. You people are way out of control.”
“She’s right,” said the Big G, taking Beta’s hand. “Too many people have died. Alas for the poor Indigo Children.”
“Subversives, traitors, undesirables…”
“Tell that to the Congressional Investigators. You have to answer for the poor dead Indigo Children. So many deaths…”
“Sir? The Indigo Project was yours—”
“Was it really? Let me show you something, Walker.”
Cocoa Brown handed a folder to Gog, who held it up close to FW’s face.
“This is an excerpt of a closed Senate Intelligence hearing, two years ago,” said Gog. “I testified, under oath, about the dangers of the so-called Indigo Project, warning of potential abuse, as you can see. My warnings were not heeded by your grandfather, Senator Prescott, and the program moved forward, over my objections.”
“But it was your program, sir. You—”
“Was it, son?”
The Great Gog raised his right hand, and intoned with mock solemnity:
“I solemnly do swear, so help me God.”
No bolt of lightning struck him down.
“In your reckless zeal for power and glory, you have forgotten the two most important of the Master’s Golden Rules: Trust No One, and Never Leave Your Fingerprints On Anything.”
Gog bent down yet again, and whispered into FW’s ear: “It is in your best interests that David Cross be found safe, sound, and healthy, or the Hounds of Hades will be upon you.”
FW lowered his head again.
“Oh Lucifer, help me, help me…”
Gog patted FW’s shoulder, shook his head, and stood up.
"The time’s they are a’ changin’, son. The ship is lighting out, leaving you on the dock. Your way is the old way, full of doubt, dread and fear… I am leaving public service, Walker. The Patch is the future, and I intend to wet my beak, so to speak. I feel that I am entitled, son. I don’t have many years left. I will submit my retirement to the President, as soon as I clean up the mess that you have made. But I have found an ideal partner in my new venture ahead. Beta Bronski, soon to be Beta Derringer, and yours truly, are going to corner this new technology. There is no need for anybody to keep this to themselves. The Government cannot be trusted in this matter, and PerryPharm’s days are numbered. And although Syznic has never expressed an interest to be a team player, he is not an anarchist or a terrorist, but he IS dangerous because he is naïve and incompetent. Idealism alone will not guarantee that the balance of power will be preserved. So… I have decided to promote Peter Derringer, in order to keep in check the threat of Fister Perry. This will also be a warning to those maniacs over at the MacroEye Corporation. Stability must be maintained, so business can continue unhindered.
“I am afraid that you are out of the big picture now. You have wasted time, money, and manpower on this foolish OtherNet nonsense. I have, and will continue to advise the President that the OtherNet is nothing but a wild goose chase, and that manpower and funding be diverted to other concerns.”
FW was totally dumbstruck. None of this was real. Surely the Master would not forsake him now—this had to be some kind of test!
“Your perchance for bloodshed has thrown everything that we have worked for into jeopardy. The National Agency of Science and Technology is now under scrutiny, and is in danger of being shut down. There goes the funding, and my retirement egg! I misjudged your competence—”
Gog made a gesture of dismissal.
“You are going on another plane ride, Walker. If I were you, I would keep a low profile, until you receive your summons. If you repeat any of this conversation to anyone, you will be the fall guy for Indigo, and let me assure you that your stay in Federal prison will one of sexual discovery and variety that one can only fantasize about on the outside. I shit you not, Walker, you will be the boy-toy of some very lusty individuals! This is not a threat, but a promise. Make sure that you stock up on plenty of Vaseline! Meanwhile, Beta and I will move forward. Syznic’s PDFs have been forwarded to Peter Derringer. It’s time to get to work. A new day is dawning, Walker. Unfortunately, you are an evolutionary throwback, unable to adapt. Get out of here, place yourself under arrest, and wait for instructions.”
FW’s mind grasped for a rational explanation for the Big G’s treachery. There had to be a reason, or FW was sure that he would spiral out of control into insanity. Gog was surely running a psy-op of epic proportions. That had to be it, because nothing else made any sense. FW would play along, and trust that the Great Gog had the situation under control, and the mission could proceed. FW clung to his faith like a drowning man. The Master’s Plan would prevail!

After Fabio escorted the shaken G-Men downstairs, Gog excused himself, and went into the bathroom. After a whispered suggestion from Cocoa, Beta put on a robe. Gog was struggling with sexual addiction, Cocoa explained, and she was concerned about the Big G’s blood pressure.
“Gotcha,” said Beta. Men were helpless pigs, she reminded herself.

Gog and Beta had coffee by the picture window.
“Quite a morning,” said Gog.
Beta chose her words carefully, knowing that the Great Gog was a master of perception. She had to tread very cautiously here.
“I cannot thank you enough for coming all the way down here personally, sir. I was so… in the dark, and yes, I admit it, very scared.”
“We never would have left you hanging, Ms. Bronski. You have done well, very well indeed. I for one, am very proud of you. Please accept my personal apology for FW Piltdown… he is a monster, from a family tree of certified monsters, phony bluebloods, and pretenders to the aristocracy… and I want to thank you for hanging on, and helping us bring him to ground. He will now have to face the wrath of his father—and the President. So. Here we are. Are you sure you want to move forward with your plan?”
“Yes, sir.”
“Beta Derringer. Well, that’s your own business, Ms. Bronski.”
Gog chuckled and raised his coffee cup in a salute.
“Honor is due.”
The new goalposts were now in place. Now that Peter Derringer had the Patch, Mackeyville-McCool had the best chances of surviving the coming financial meltdown. With Beta’s hands on Derringer’s heartstrings (among other things!) she would be the perfect agent in place, much more preferable than a professional or a disgruntled Mackeyville employee with an axe to grind… Beta was the real thing, a force of nature, and Derringer had finally met his match, and then some! Bronski was absolutely certain that in return for her hand in marriage, Peter Derringer would surrender total control of Mackeyville-McCool—to her. By a cosmic fluke of fate, Beta Bronski had risen from the mean streets of failure to the pinnacle of power, and now was poised to take titular control of ComCo, the mighty Consortium. Incredible!
PerryPharm and MacroEye were dinosaurs ready to fall, because there was no stopping the Patch now—it was too late to suppress it. Syznic had let the golden goose out of the bag, and Beta Bronski was in the best position to snatch it!
The game was on: Who would win this new technology, control it, and wield it? Beta told Gog that she intended to be that person. Gog accepted another cup of coffee.
“This is a dangerous game, Ms. Bronski. Take, for example, Mark Diller. Who whacked him? I was only testing Piltdown just now, but I know he didn’t order the hit. That leaves only Syznic, Fister Perry, or Peter Derringer. Syznic can be safely ruled out; that sort of thing is not his way, his style. Fister Perry himself? I find that highly unlikely! Diller was Perry’s favorite butt-boy, and the apple of his eye. I’m stumped, to tell you the truth. Could it have been Derringer, Beta? Diller and Derringer were at odds with each other, correct?”
Beta sighed. “Mark and I only dated that one time, and we didn’t connect very well. Peter Derringer was, um, competing for my affections, and well, Mark Diller did came across as a sophisticated snob, a real snot.”
Gog gave Beta a knowing wink, and finished his coffee.
“Peter Derringer has my full support, but I must remind you that he is an unstable man who wields considerable power.”
“I can handle him. sir, and he knows it. That’s why it will work, because he knows that I know he knows… and the plan can move forward. I can make this work… I can do this.”
“Better you than me, dear.”
Gog leaned forward and spoke in a voice barely above a whisper.
“I trust that Mr. Boffin Syznic will do what is best for our wayward Indigo Child, and I will call off the hounds. You were right in sending him back to Syznic, and I sincerely hope that Mr. Cross survives. One can only hope that someday he will abandon his radical causes, and join us from within the system to make the world a better place! Not all of us in the National Agency of Science and Technology are psychopaths and boogie men!”
Gog threw his head back and laughed heartily. Cocoa Brown caught Beta’s eye, and Beta got the hint and politely laughed along with him, as did Cocoa. After recovering from his burst of mirth, Gog continued.
“One final word about Boffin Syznic, Ms. Bronski. He is a brilliant and honorable man, if not naïve and undisciplined. Although he has a reputation as an outlaw, I do admire the man. In fact, I would trust him far and above all of the collected heads of ComCo—not to mention most of the politicians and bureaucrats back in that snake pit known as Washington DC! It is unfortunate that Syznic is my adversary in this particular struggle. —Enough, enough, I must make haste and return home to the Grove and soak up some sunshine.”
Beta cleared up the coffee cups, as Cocoa and Fabio helped the Big G into his tent-sized overcoat. As instructed by Cocoa, Beta shook Gog’s hand, and backed away. Never show him superficial affection, Brown had cautioned. Shake his hand, and get out of his way, quickly. Don’t look back at him.
Alone at last, Beta exhaled in relief, happy that her first meeting with the Great Gog would most likely be her last. Since Gog rarely left the Grove, Cocoa Brown would continue to be Beta’s contact and troubleshooter from here on out, and that suited Beta just fine. Extreme caution was now in order here, because Beta was certain that the Big G himself had ordered the hit on Mark Diller, who had showed no signs of suicidal tendencies. The hit was logical, from the Gog’s point of view. Diller had been in the way of Beta’s rise in the Consortium, and a not so subtle warning had been sent to Fister Perry. Beta had to tread softly around all the whole bunch of them—especially Gog, who was an extremely dangerous sociopath. FW ‘Don White’ Piltdown was just a pipsqueak, next to the Big G. Beta had to use her wits, and keep her copies of The Prince and The Art Of War at the ready! Cocoa Brown seemed to be on her side, and Beta trusted that Brown would do right by her.
It was now time for Beta to tame and ride the wild beast. According to Cocoa Brown, Beta would be safe from retribution by PerryPharm or the Piltdowns, once she was actually married to Peter Derringer. Fister Perry, in particular, was going to be very unhappy with the current turn of events, but fortunately for Beta, Peter Derringer was a favorite of the President, not to mention that crazy old Senator Prescott.
Cocoa Brown left a scribbled note on Beta’s refrigerator: Welcome to the big leagues, baby.
Reflecting on Gog’s comments concerning Boffin Syznic, Beta also wished she could arrange a friendly, respectful meeting with him on neutral ground. She wanted to pick his brain. Like the Great Gog, she felt a strange sense of camaraderie with Syznic, coming from her side of things.
Against all odds, Beta had cheated the hangman. Her future and destiny lay before her: Beta Bronski, billionaire.
Beta emptied her mind and began her yoga breathing exercises as she gazed out at the sailboats and freighters on the bay. What a beautiful morning!

Gog’s chopper glided above the fog, northbound for the Grove.
“She knows,” said Gog to Cocoa, who was busy at her open laptop.
“Sir?”
“Beta Bronski. She knows about Mark Diller. I could see it in her eyes and in her demeanor. I think that it is good that she knows, and fears… suspicion and fear are the greatest of all the virtues, just as long as they don’t degenerate into paranoia. Unlike FW Piltdown, Bronski will not forget this lesson that I have interned in her. I will be satisfied just in knowing that… and the matter will never be discussed. Bronski will go far, and I will always be proud to be remembered… as her mentor.”
Cocoa nodded. “Sir, Fabio just checked in. Piltdown is now safely on his flight back to DC. I also contacted the FBI, and canceled the all-points bulletin on David Cross.”
“Well done, Cocoa, well done. It will be good to get out of this chilly fog, and get back home.”

Unfortunately for David Cross, Cocoa Brown’s dispatch to the FBI was garbled and scrambled in transmission, thanks to the still ongoing communications chaos and backlog at the San Francisco Federal Building. The updated APB (all-points bulletin) issued from the Fed’s computers ordered all law enforcement agencies to double-down on apprehending and arresting the radical lawyer David Cross, who was considered ‘armed and dangerous’. The glitch would not be discovered and corrected until the following day.

46: Waters of Freedom

The sun rises this morning as it always has done, but for me, this is a special sunrise, because I know now that it is only a sunrise, like all the others that came before it, and nothing more. That in itself, is reassuring to me, knowing that I am not insane, and that I walk in good standing, and in the grace bestowed upon me by the Master. My head is clear, my mind is sober, and my body, although frail, is on the mend.
Today is my last day here at the Grove.
I have been the model prisoner, the meek lamb, and the willing fool—the silly ninety-year-old jester for their perverted entertainment! Well, we shall see who the fools are. Their arrogance has blinded them, and they will pay dearly for their treachery and treason.
I have been palming my meds for weeks now, once I became aware of what my political enemies were up to. It was very difficult at first, but I learned how to keep the pills wedged under my tongue, after much trial and error. On a few occasions I had to resort to induce vomiting with mustard and hot water. I suffered many nights of agonizing withdrawal, but I was soothed with reassurance and encouragement from sweet Lord Lucifer, praise him.
I have been diligently exercising in the dark of night, silently, and patiently, to tone up my pathetic, and neglected carcass. I will need all the strength and endurance I can muster for what I am about to do today, and I pray to the Master for his blessing—and the wisp of breeze through my open window assures me of his presence.
I am wearing an inflatable life vest under my new bathrobe given to me by that fat old pervert, Dellingsworth Hogsmoth III (Gog), on my birthday just last week. Oh for the freedom to walk around with some clothes on, in this den of nudity!
My nurse Habib sips on his coffee, as I announce to him that I am going out to feed the pixies in the honeysuckles, and inspect the god’s eyes that I have hung from the eaves of my bungalow—the ones that ward off spy-beams and enchantments from the evil eye that resides in the redwoods near Gog’s bungalow on the other side of the meadow. Habib looks hung over, and nods.
“Don’t drift off too far, Senator. Breakfast is in ten minutes.”
“Oatmeal again, Bobby?”
But Habib doesn’t answer, deep as he is in concentration, reading the sports section, and the baseball scores.
I hobble outside, and with the aid of my walker, I cross the dewy meadow, and even though the air is still cool, I see that a few perverts are out and about, prancing around in the nude, and pulling on each other’s weenies. I am ashamed to say that until a few weeks ago, I was in their company, frolicking mindlessly in reckless abandon. And although I haven’t experienced a decent hard-on in years, that did not stop me from servicing that beautiful hunk Fabio—a decent enough fellow, I suppose, even if he is one of my jailers. Oh, I suppose I could blame my medications for my behavior, but I won’t deny that I perversely enjoyed it too… ‘When in Rome’ as the old saying goes.
I sit myself down on a bench overlooking Gog’s woods and sure enough, the rumors are true: A helicopter is parked on the far side of the meadow. Thank Lucifer! Gog is going out on a day excursion, which means that security will be lax—all for the better for my plan to succeed. I hobble back over to my bungalow. When the moment is right, I will spike Habib’s coffee with enough of my hoarded medication to knock him out, or at least disable or disorient him, so to buy me enough time to carry out my plan. As soon as it warms up, I will take to the river, and trust that the Master will guide and protect me in the flowing currents—the waters of freedom.

47: “What Do We Do About David?”

The long night was over, but Boffin had one last thing to do before he could take his nap. He summoned Jade and Phrogg for a ‘private conference’ in the living room.
Boffin asked the pair to set themselves down on the living room sofa. He saw Shank slink in from the front foyer, with his finger over his lips. Shank plopped down out of sight, but not out of hearing range of the young couple, who sat quietly facing Boff, who having their attention, began to speak.
“In spite of all that’s been going on, I have found some time for a little mischief, and I need you two to help me manage it. I did a little bargain hunting, and acquired ‘My Next Life’ for a cool million. Quite the bargain. It seems that the hot-shot Creator-Designer of the site got into some bad earthly karma, and sold it for a song.”
Jade looked at Phrogg, and then back at Boffin.
“Uncle Boff?” She couldn’t think of anything else to say.
That’s a first, thought Shank, sitting off on the side, quiet as a mouse.
The Boffin continued. “Here’s my proposal, Jade. I would like to hire you and Phrogg here, to be co-CEOs of the newly revamped website, if you can agree to work as equal partners. This entails a new level of professionalism. You can still make it fun, if you want to. You will receive a salary, and points of the percentage, if we can bring the operation out of the red and back into the black. I can set you up, say, on the upper floor of the Media Center on Market St. I’m sure that we can induce the Guru to help set you up, and design a new web site.”
Boffin paused. “Do you two need time to consult?”
It didn’t take long for Jade and Phrogg to agree to attempt a ‘semblance’ of cooperation. (Jade was looking for a way to dodge her promise to resume her studies, in the fall.)
“Thank you, Uncle Boff. Me and Phrogg would love to give it a go.”
“Excellent! We will talk contracts, later. Don’t let me down, Jade. I’m confident that you can turn this thing around, and expand it more widely to the general population.”
After a giddy Jade and Phrogg left with Shank, Rem Peterson entered the living room and flopped onto the sofa, boots up on the coffee table, and not caring a bit.
“I finally tracked down Dr. Madras and spoke to him briefly on a secure line. He’s giving some sort of lecture in St. Louis of all places, and can’t get here until tomorrow. Says Cross shouldn’t drink any alcohol or take any medications except for one low-dose aspirin every twelve hours.”
Boffin nodded. “Is the guesthouse clean of all temptations?”
Rem nodded in the affirmative, and Boffin sighed harshly.
“Cross didn’t start this. I’m willing to let bygones be bygones, OK? Go easy on him, and give him an opening. I owe him that much.”
“Oh, I’ll be easy on him, boss. Easier than he deserves.”

From NCC NewsWire:
Beloved UK Pirate Sir William Gallows has announced he will visit New York and California this week.
“A mixture of work and play in the Empire and Golden States,” the Media Mogul told reporters in London today.

FROM NIGEL FLINTH’S TEXT-MAIL: THINGS ARE HAPPENING, NIGEL-LOVE. GET UP TO SAN FRANCISCO IMMEDIATELY. WE HAVE RESERVED YOU A ROOM AT THE MARK HOPKINS. DON’T DELAY, LOVE.

In a rush of relief and liberation, Beta Bronski spent the afternoon shopping. Armed with Gog’s credit card, she trolled the finest fashion outlets downtown, and costs be damned, because she needed to look her very best, for her next mission: The upcoming seduction of Peter Derringer. She was pleased with her purchases, including an item from China, a burgundy tunic with a sheer white sleeveless blouse that buttoned at her neck, and a black skirt of the finest ethereal silk, that dipped slightly below the knee. Everything was tailored perfectly to her slim, lithe body, and she knew what the effect would be like when the light was behind her. Derringer didn’t have a chance, the poor dolt! 
Beta ended up dropping several thousand dollars. Fortunately, she had plenty of money, thanks to Gog. (Beta's share of the 200 K from Peter Derringer and the great Patch heist was left untouched in the Cayman Island bank account.) She also studied and reviewed every bit of current information she could find concerning Derringer, Mackeyville, and the Consortium. Cathy Braunstein had been most helpful in providing the latest data, and gossip.

After picking up Alex from the babysitter and safely making it home, Mike and Estrella slept for most of the day.
Mike awoke about four in the afternoon, and absently fingered the Patch on his forehead. He didn’t feel any different, and then remembered that Lori had assured everybody that the effects of the patch would be subtle at first, but would become more evident over a period of time.
Estrella had left a note on his refrigerator: 2:00 PM. Going down to the Center to check up on things. Give me a call if you’re up before 5. I’ll stop and pick up some stuff at Safeway.
Mike was halfway through a cup of instant coffee, when he remembered that they needed to get started on the Patch giveaway, pronto. Boffin wanted to announce the Patch today, and send a shot across the bow. He gazed at the cartons of P-2 Patches, and flipped open his phone and called Estrella.
“I’m coming down, E. We’ve got some work to do.”

Shank left a YakMail, telling Mike that he was going to jam tomorrow night at Duck’s and was going to give out as many Patches as possible. He had sent the word out via his network, and was hoping the message would spread.
“Great idea,” thought Mike, as he loaded the boxes back into the Subaru.
He drove over to Portola, and on down the hill to Market. Seeing a StartUps a block up from the Media Center, he pulled over into an available parking space (magic!) and rushed in to get a couple of Caffeine Blasters for Estrella and himself.

David Cross woke to the smell of fresh roasted coffee. His head still hurt. It took him a moment to remember where he was: Boffin Syznic’s guesthouse.
A tall man reclined in an easy chair reading from a manila folder. His graying hair was tied back in a ponytail. Noticing that David was awake, he closed the folder and stood up from the chair. The man could not conceal the contempt in his voice.
“You know who I am?”
“Yeah.” David swung his legs around and sat upright, wincing. He held his head in his hands. “Rem Peterson, right? We met at the party.”
“Cross, what’s done is done. Believe me when I tell you that if you had done this to anybody other than Boffin Syznic, you would probably be dead right now. I know that you aren’t well, but Syznic wants to talk to you. He says he wants to make things right. He’s waiting for you, up at the house.”
David looked at the floor, as Rem shook his head.
“Have some coffee, and clean yourself up. Read this—”
Rem tossed the folder across the coffee table.
“There are a lot of things you don’t know about Beta Bronski and the FBI. Get yourself together, and brush up on this material. Boffin’s waiting.”
Rem stood up, and left the guesthouse.

The shadows were lengthening outside the Center’s windows, when Estrella pushed her chair away from the computer table.
“That’s it, Mike. I’ve sent the word out to everybody I know, let alone trust. How many are we talking about?”
“We have thirty thousand of the mothers. So does Shankers. Let’s be realistic, and set a goal on giving out a few thousand today, if possible. Shank is rousting up Jade and Phrogg to lend a hand. Let’s see how this goes.”
Mike liberated a stray shopping cart, and loaded it up with 2,000 Patches, bundled in groups of ten. He headed up Market towards Castro St, knowing that there was always a street scene of sorts up there, if the weather was good. A number of people recognized him, and were generally curious. Mike easily took on his role as the Third Eye pitch-man:
“Use your own body’s natural bio-rhythms with a gentle universal melodic pulse to reset and sooth stresses and angst stemming from our daily environment— Perfectly safe and proven by clinical tests, etc.”
Some folks were a bit skeptical and derisive, but many others were generally interested, and a few wanted more information. Mike directed all enquiries to the Third Eye Patch website.
“Wear it for 30 days,” Mike told everyone who took a patch, or ten. “Tell your friends.”
It only took Mike about an hour to run out, to his surprise. Many folks took bunches of ten, and Mike let them. “Pass them out to your friends and families,” he said, over and over. Not bad for an hours’ work. His voice was shot however, and he hurried back to the Center. He chuckled to himself as he did his duty as a good citizen and returned the stray shopping cart to the Safeway at Church and Market.

Estrella and Alex took the next batch, using a little red wagon borrowed from the day care center.
“Don’t stay out too long,” Mike told them, “It’ll be dark in another hour. I’ll work the phones.”
“Gotcha,” said Estrella, and with Alex in tow, she headed down Market Street in the direction of Civic Center.
Mike manned the phones, and gave out batches to various friends and associates of Estrella, who showed up to help out. He briefed everybody, and thanked them, over and over again. Jade and Phrogg finally arrived, ready for a night’s ‘work’, and informed a skeptical Mike that they knew of several raves that were going on that evening.
“Listen, guys, I don’t want these to end up in a dumpster with a lot of puke and beer bottles.”
“Don’t worry, Uncle Mike,” said Jade. “Me and Phroggy and our friends have already unloaded half of Daddy’s stash—me and my girlfriend Jasmine and her boyfriend Biggy have lots of connections.”
“Biggy? Wait, on second thought, don’t tell me!”
Jade winked, and Mike, against his better judgment, gave them four thousand.
“Don’t worry!” yelled Jade, as they took off like bats out of hell.
By the time Estrella and Alex returned, carrying big-gulp cups of soda, they were down to 8,000 Patches. Estrella’s friends had helped, immensely.
“Whoosh, Mike, what a rush!”
Mike gazed out the windows on the darkening evening.
“Why don’t we lock this place up, and get the heck out of here. I'm sure that we can unload the rest of these gadgets tomorrow.”
 “Oh my aching feet,” said Estrella. “You know what? I’m in the mood for something decadent. I might even have a beer tonight, Grasshopper.”
Mike raised his eyebrows, as Alex giggled.
“Are you feeling OK, E?”
“Never felt better. —No, I’m not imagining any adverse side-effects from the Patch! But in all this excitement, I just remembered that I'm a millionaire.”
Alex cheered, and it was now Estrella’s turn to raise her eyebrows.
“Me and my big mouth,” she muttered.

The sun was setting behind the western hills and the fields were in shadow. Just another waning summer day at Syznic Manor, and the crickets were beginning to wake up to greet the evening. The door to the guesthouse was wide open when Rem Peterson returned to fetch David. It was now time for David Cross to stand in front of the man.
The front room was empty, and Rem spotted it almost at once: A solitary drop of fresh blood on the coffee table. The pages of the memo and numerous hundred-dollar bills were scattered all around the front room.
“Cross?”
Rem moved throughout the cottage, holding his pistol out in front of him. There was no sign of Cross, or any other signs of blood. Rem put his gun away, and flipped open his phone.
“Rosie? Front guesthouse, now, please. Anybody else around?”
“Tom and Sheila, Boss. They come on at eleven. They’re around here somewhere.”
“Roust them.”
It was twilight by the time Rem organized the search.
“Listen up, everybody. I know it’s getting dark, but keep your eyes open for any cash, or any drops of blood. —Tom, check around the road. He wasn’t in very good shape, and couldn’t have gotten very far. Sheila: take a flashlight and search the perimeter. Rosie, stay with me—let’s move.”
Rosie's keen eyes spotted the sports bag, overturned in the garden.
“I'll take that, young lady.”
The search didn’t take long. Tom called almost immediately.
“Down here, Boss. By the road.”
“Is he on the property?”
“Yeah.” Tom’s voice sounded shaky.
Rem and the girls jogged down the driveway to where Tom waited only a few yards from the road. David lay on his back in the driveway drainage ditch. His eyes were wide open and his face twisted in an ugly grimace. There was a pool of blood under his head, and a little trickle still dripped out of his right ear.
“Holy Moses,” muttered Rem. Sheila took a peek over Rem’s shoulder, and literally turned green. She backed away, and ran a short distance before vomiting into the weeds.

Rem gathered his shaken crew together about ten feet from the corpse, as the moon began to rise over the eastern hills.
“In sheltering David Cross from the authorities, I have committed a crime, a felony. Don’t any of you join me. You are not bound by law to answer any questions from the police, but if you choose to do so, do not lie, or let them put any words in your mouth. Again, you are not bound by law to say a thing. Be polite, mind you. If any cop bullies you, request to have an attorney present.”
Sheila was still a little green around the gills. “Are we going to jail?”
Rem smiled to reassure them. “No. Just don’t say anything. If you are subpoenaed, that’s another matter.”
Rem studied the faces of his three young employees. They were trainees, doing their time at Syznic Manor, on security detail. His more experienced crew-members, such as BJ Jamison and Axelrod Jones were out on assignment.
(We’re spreading ourselves out pretty thin. Well, these three are going to get an education, starting right now.)
“David Cross was murdered by the U.S. Government. Do you understand what I am telling you?”
“We’re behind you, Boss,” said Tom. “Tell us what to do.”
Rose and Sheila nodded.
“Stay with the body. I’ll be back before the Sheriff arrives.”

Boffin, Guru, and Rem consulted in Boffin’s living room. Dave's sports bag sat on the coffee table. Boffin spoke. “You’re certain that the YakMail is positively secure?”
Guru nodded. “Absolutely, Syznic. They can only take down the servers. Not that they would ever even consider doing anything like that.”
The three of them laughed nervously.
“That being said, the Enemy took a big hit today and will surely retaliate. They won't be able to infiltrate or get around my new firewall, so—” 
“—So they will most likely come after me—with a sledgehammer! 
“The Feds are waiting for the green light, Boffin,” said Rem. “They will raid us, at the flimsiest pretext.”
“And we have to report David, who was wanted by the police.”
“Bingo, boss.”
“What about the cash, Rem?”
“It's blood money, boss. I say we soak the fucking thing with gasoline and burn it.”
“Well, whatever you do, do it before the Cavalry arrive.”
Boffin turned back to Guru. “So, what have you got for us?”
Guru held up a flash drive. “I should have looked at this sooner. This stuff is evil, Syznic. All of the listed Indigo Children are dead. This is big.”
Boffin turned to Rem. “You say that F. Walker Piltdown is out of the picture?”
“For the moment. Don’t count him out, Boff. There’s been a shakeup at the Federal Building, and Piltdown’s been told to sit in the corner. That’s what they’re whispering around the water coolers.”
Boffin cleared his throat. “OK then. Guru: Send all of this material to Mimi via the YakMail, and then gather up all of your stuff and get out of here. Take my game console with you, just in case. All of the new YakDrives, too. Everything must go! We will give you enough time to get to the freeway before we call the local Sheriff, a good man, and a friend of mine. It’s important that the phone records show that we called nobody before then. Then I will call Mimi and Sarah Luptag and tell them to check the Yak. Sarah must send me a lawyer right away.”
“I will send this on to Mimi right away,” said Guru. “Syznic, shouldn’t we pass this story on to Marsha Portrero and the Tittler?”
“Not until we have everybody’s bases and asses covered,” said Rem. “We need to wait until Axelrod Jones gets our FBI mole to a more secure setting. Can Portrero keep her mouth shut, Mr. Guru?”
“Positively, mate. She won’t publish until you give us the green light.”
“Good enough,” said Boffin. “As for the Table, let’s warn the others that the shitola is about to fly. I’m going to urge Mike and Estrella to make themselves gone for a week or two, Steve and Lori, too.”
Boffin rolled his wheelchair around; Debbie the night nurse was waiting for him in another part of the house.
“P-3 must proceed. My factories running on triple shifts, here, and in Asia. We might have a week before Derringer and the Consortium make their next move.”
“I’m done,” said the Guru as he closed his laptop.
Boffin rolled forward and handed Guru a credit card and his journal. Guru nodded. Boffin was expecting a full search.
“Godspeed, Guru. This card is to an untraceable account; the PIN is 1066. If things go bad, carry on as best as you can. Meanwhile, Rem and I will face the music.”

48: Jenny and Mimi: Blues In The Night

July 29-30
Mimi slept most of the way from San Jose to Fargo, where Rex had to re-fuel. For the rest of the flight she reviewed the printouts that she was to review with Jenny. Mimi dreaded the coming meeting because she wasn’t sure about Jenny’s mood. It was reasonable to assume that Jen was going to be super pissed off, and for good reason. Mimi knew that she would be, because after all, she and Boffin had full knowledge of David’s activities for weeks now. Her friendship with Jennifer was going to be put to the test.

Two limos were waiting on the tarmac at Newark Airport. Jenny greeted Mimi with a hug, as BJ helped with Mimi’s bags.
“BJ will take Sara and the others into town,” said Jenny, pointing at one of the limos. “We are all on the same floor at the Jewel.”
Jen gestured to the other limo. A middle aged African American guy in a chauffeur’s cap stood by.
“Mimi, I’d like you to meet Bingham Wilson. He owns Mercury Limousine Services. Bing’s night job is bassist for The Hermes Quartet, the house band down at the Quicksilver Club in the Village. I’ve sung with them a few times, and I’m inviting them to come out to California.”
“Pleased to meet you.”
Mimi gazed at the dirty industrial skyline.
“Good old New York! I’m a Brooklyn girl, myself. There’s a rumor going around that you quit smoking, Jen.”
“Two weeks and counting, Mimi.”
“Now I know it’s the end of the world—the world as we know it, anyway!”
Not much was actually said during the drive. Jenny absently fingered her Patch as she read the summary that Mimi had prepared. After a long silence, she looked up at Mimi. “You knew about all of this? When, Mimi?”
“About Dave being bugged? From the time of the party, I guess. I didn’t find out about Beta Bronski until some time later. Listen, Jen. I am so sorry.”
“So Boffin sent me out here, safely out of the way, so he could run David on some spy bullshit?”
“He feels rotten about it, Jen. I guess that he wanted to spare you, um, unneccesary pain and embarrassment, I don’t know…”
It all sounded so lame. “I’m really sorry,” she said again.
“So am I,” said Jenny. They didn’t say anything more until they arrived at Jenny’s hotel, The Jewel, in mid-town Manhattan. It was getting dark when they entered the lobby for Mimi’s check-in. Jennifer didn’t stop, and headed straight for the elevator.

A little later, BJ stuck her head into Mimi’s room.
“She’s ready, Mimi.”
“OK, here we go.”
Everybody was gathered in Jenny’s suite. BJ, Sara Luptag, a couple of accountants, Mimi, and Jenny. Contracts and papers were spread out on a coffee table.
Jenny signed her resignation papers without ado.
“I’m happy for Lori, and Estrella too,” she said. “Now, before we get to the Third Eye contracts, I want to get something off my chest. I need to clear my mind, so bear with me.”
Jenny paced around the room.
“It took a lot of work to set up the debate with Sir William Gallows. Two weeks ago, none of the networks would give me the time of day. Things have changed, obviously. I want to thank everybody for the research materials, especially Steve for the stuff on his days with ‘His Lordship’. Pass my thanks along to him, would you, Mimi?
“But because of these new developments, I have decided to cancel the debate. Since I am no longer promoting the Table Foundation, I am no longer interested in promoting the Third Eye Patch. Furthermore, I’m not joining the Third Eye Patch Corporation. I don’t need the money. I am very happy for Mike and Steve, but—”
Jenny held up a sealed Patch.
“You say that you knew all along that this Beta Bronski was an FBI agent? And now you tell me that Boffin is hiding David in the guesthouse. Why?”
“The Feds are after him, Jenny. Should Boffin call the FBI?”
Jenny was silent for a moment.
“What a fuckup,” she murmured.
“We blew it, Jen. I hate this whole frigging thing.”
“I didn’t need to be protected, Mimi. I should have been involved. Who knows how it would’ve turned out if I had been in the loop? I’ve always had to fight to get myself taken seriously. I made my bones years ago. I’ve had it—and that’s all I have to say about it. I’m going out to sing some jazz. Have a good trip back to California.”
Jenny turned and without another word strode out of the room and into her bedroom.

Mimi saw no point in unpacking. Rex was standing by in Newark; they were to fly home in the morning. “Well, it’s just you and me, BJ.”
Jennifer had politely relieved BJ of her duties.
“I can’t wait to get back home,” said BJ, “New York is a great place to live, but I wouldn’t want to visit here.” They both chuckled at the stale joke.
“Boy, I wish I drank,” muttered Mimi. “Make yourself at home, BJ. I’m turning in.”
Right at that moment, BJ’s phone rang, with Rem’s ring-tone. BJ flipped it open as she moved out into the hallway. “Yes, Boss.”
“Developing news, BJ. Yak Red. Do you copy?”
“I copy.”
Mimi’s phone was ringing in the other room. BJ returned to the sitting room, where Mimi sat with her phone to her ear.
“OK, Boff.”
Mimi flipped her phone shut. “You got that, BJ? Is your laptop handy?”
“Yup.” BJ sat down next to Mimi and plugged in her laptop. “Something bad is happening, Mimi. The Guru is sending some stuff on YakMail.”
Both of them gasped when they saw the opening message:
DAVID CROSS IS DEAD AND WE BELIEVE THAT HE WAS MURDERED
Next was a lengthy post put together by the Guru. Agent ‘V’ had given Rem a lot of encrypted material, and the Guru had spent most of the afternoon wading through it.
“I am truly sorry I didn’t start sooner,” Guru posted in a disclaimer with the data transfer. “Truly sorry. Maybe we could have saved David Cross.”
According to the mole’s data, six of Indigo Children died from heroin overdoses, and the others died from 'strokes', usually a day or so after the transplants were de-activated by way of an EMP. 
“Strokes,” muttered Mimi. “Heroin.”
There was another lengthy section about a couple of FBI whistleblowers dying in a horrific automobile accident, and a reporter who committed suicide. 
In a postscript, Guru included two breaking news stories: Ted Ortega, the FDA bureaucrat that had given Lori and the Table Foundation so much trouble, had been killed in a shootout with police, the night before.
“Oh my Bog,” murmured Mimi. “Oh no —”
Last, but not least, the just breaking news about the suicide of Mark Diller, the man who had relayed PerryPharm’s offer to buy out the Patch.
“David Cross, Ted Ortega, and now Mark Diller,” Mimi said in an odd voice. 
“Three amigos, Mimi.”
“Coincidence? Who knows how many others? We’ve got to tell Jenny. I don’t care if she’s in a bad mood. Is there a printer around here?”

49: Moonlight Rumble

Syznic Manor, 9:00 PM, PST
Sheriff Hank Baum nosed his cruiser around the assorted emergency and police vehicles on the sloping road up to Syznic Manor, and pulled up and parked near Boffin’s tomato patch. Baum was an old acquaintance of Boffin and Rem’s, though not on close terms. The last time he had been at Syznic Manor was the day of the party, some weeks ago. A good time, with no trouble reported. Nothing festive about this visit, however.
Although it was late, he had decided to drive over and have a look-see before the Federal Marshals arrived. They were on the way, and the message was clear: Hands Off! Well, that sealed it. Baum felt it was his duty to be on hand and make sure that everybody behaved themselves.
Boffin sat in his wheelchair next to a flowerbed near the front door. An IV tube was hanging from some sort of contraption on wheels. Rem Peterson stood nearby. Boffin waved the Sheriff over to a lawn chair beside him.
“Beautiful evening, Hankus,” said Boffin, “Thanks for coming all the way out here.”
“I wouldn’t miss it for the world, Syznic. What have you got yourself into this time?”
The deputies had set up lights and were taking photographs of the body.
“Nothing that I know of, Hank. The Feds say otherwise. I’m waiting for my attorneys.”
Boffin pointed over to the helicopter circle just past the bandstand. The landing area was awash in light. Baum leaned over to Boffin and said in a low voice, “Syznic, the Feds say that you’ve been harboring a fugitive, this unfortunate Cross fellow. Is there anything you’d like to tell me?”
“Only that it turns out that the APB on David Cross was actually canceled a few hours before we discovered… his body. Technically, I haven’t committed a crime.”
“Tell that to the Feds, because they’re coming in, Syznic. Something’s not right about all of this… smells a little fishy.”
“You can’t help me, Hankus. Politics. Stand clear of it, and stay the way you are. All the same, I’m glad that you are here, to be a witness.”
“Here they come,” said Baum.
Headlights from multiple vehicles flashed from around the bend: The Feds were coming up Crow Canyon Road.

Federal Marshal Mike Tumor didn’t waste any time and strode right up to Boffin and Sheriff Baum, holding a sheath of papers. He looked at Baum, and then at Boffin.
“Boffin Syznic? Mike Tumor, Federal Marshal. I have a warrant to search the premises.”
Men in suits piled out of vehicles, barking orders at the deputies. A couple of armored cars pulled up and a bunch of SWAT goons spread out over the compound.
Baum said, “Let me see those warrants, Tumor.”
“Thank you Sheriff, but that will be all. As of this moment, this a Federal Crime Scene. You and your men can maintain security perimeters outside the property for the time being.”
“Like hell,” said Baum. “This is my jurisdiction.”
“Whatever,” said Tumor with dismissive smirk, and as he rudely turned away, Baum grabbed him by his belt and lapels and tossed him ass over elbows into the flowerbed. Tumor landed on his butt with a ‘harrumph’ and drew his service revolver.
“Put that away, you stupid jackass—” said Baum, just as he was jumped from behind by a couple of helmeted goons.
A scuffle did ensue, and it broke up only when the helicopter made its approach. The chopper circled once, and landed on the lily pad. Several men with briefcases hopped out and ran clear of the chopper, bending low.
“Stand down!” one of them shouted as they ran up to the front of the house. Rem, Rosie, Tom, and Sheila all lay face down in the gravel with their hands cuffed behind their backs. A helmeted goon held a nightstick tightly under Boffin’s chin.
“Get the fuck off him, you stupid ape,” barked the first man to arrive. “Get OFF the man, he can’t breathe, you fucking fool.”
Boffin grimaced in pain.
“Do it,” said Tumor. “And release Sheriff Baum and his deputies.”
Sounds of crashing and breaking glass came from inside the house. Boffin’s night nurse was led out in handcuffs. A thin line of blood ran down her forehead, and she looked like she was in a daze. A grinning goon shoved her down the steps, but she managed to keep her footing.
“Hey! Knock it off, asshole!” yelled one of Boffin’s lawyers, “I want that joker’s name and rank.”
“Fuck you,” said Tumor.
Boffin regained his breath in gasps. It was going to be a long night. The moon shone down upon the merry scene.

When Jenny and Bing Wilson returned to the hotel about 3:00 AM, the night clerk passed them each an envelope, addressed by Mimi Syznic. Jenny's envelope was marked boldly with a red marking pen: Newark Airport, 5:00 AM.

“Are you sure you are alright, Jen?”
Mimi and Jenny both shivered in the gloomy dawn, as BJ stood waiting by Tiger Lily's stairwell. Rex had been given final clearance for takeoff and was ready to go.
“Yes, Mimi, I'm OK, and be sure to tell Boffin that I'm not mad… oh shit, I still am, damn it, but I do understand what he was trying to do—however, I wish he would stop treating me like I was his kid sister, you know? I can take care of myself! Look, just tell him that I am more like super-annoyed, will you? I promise that I will stay out of trouble, and just you wait and see—I am going to clean that asshole limey's clock, big time—for David's sake as well as our own. Since Sir William Gallows is a big part of this ComCo bullcrap, I guarantee you that his Lordship will wish he had never been born, after I am through with him.”
“That's my Jen… call me, OK?”
The old friends embraced each other awkwardly, and parted in the quickening dawn.

50: The Media Beat

NCC NewWire: July 30
3rd EYE DEBATE SLATED FOR TONIGHT Sir William Gallows will debate Jennifer Morgan (The Table Foundation) on the merits of the controversial ‘Third Eye Patch’ and its implications on bioethics in general. Tonight on NCC 6:00 PM Eastern

TRANSCRIPT OF VOICE-MAIL FROM SIR WILLIAM GALLOWS TO NIGEL FLINTH (Obtained by the Eco-Tittler)
Nigel, Nigel, Nigel. The fact that I am diverting precious time out of my busy schedule in trying to get your attention, now for the third time, should be more than enough cause for alarm, if you have any bats left in your belfry—is it possible that you are impaired? If so, please forgive me for thinking the worst. But as of this morning you did use your credit card, so I’m confident that you are alive and kicking. Have I done anything to displease you? Do call, and please don’t force me to send someone after you. What are you doing? Is it just a simple matter of having misplaced your bleeding phone? Have you bothered to check your email box during, say, the last bloody week? I repeat: what are you doing? It is now only twelve hours to go, Nigel, twelve bloody hours before the Morgan debate. I was hoping beyond hope that you would have submitted something a little more substantial on Shankers and Chen to me by now. This is very important to me, Nigel. I need some more dirt please, the real stuff. I will give you six hours to perform some seat of your pants journalism. A remote camera crew, courtesy of NCC News, is standing by at your disposal. Please don’t disappoint me. Call me direct, love, just as soon as you can break away from whatever it is that you are doing.
(END OF VOICE-MAIL)

From NCC NewsWire:
TABLE FOUNDATION SHAKE-UP
SYZNIC, MORGAN, SHANK, CHEN —OUT!
By Nigel Flinth (By Special Arrangement with Gallows Ltd.)
Rumors are circulating about the abrupt shake-up at the Berkeley-based Table Foundation. Sources close to the notorious non-profit foundation established by electronics billionaire Boffin Syznic report that the individuals involved, including Syznic himself, have been exposed partaking in questionable activities that include: insider trading, un-authorized use of non-profit funds for commercial use, conspiracy, and mail and wire fraud, among other accusations.
“There is no truth to these accusations,” said Estrella Klein, newly appointed co-CEO of the Table Foundation. Departing board member Stephen Shank is no stranger to controversy, in light of recent revelations that—

From the London Thymes; feature editorial:
REGULATION IS NEEDED FOR ROGUE NON-PROFIT FOUNDATIONS
By Sir William Gallows, London Thymes Publisher
As I stand here in the great City of New York and gaze out at the grand and noble financial institutions of Wall Street, I am reminded with a sense of pride that the Father of Capitalism, Sir Adam Smith, was an Englishman. The Anglo-American Financial System is the wonder of our modern era. Marxism and Socialism are now only footnotes, residing in the cobwebs of academia and the dustbin of history. Being a proud son of Capitalism, I am the last person in the world to favor crippling regulations on the exercise of Free Enterprise. Indeed, I myself rose up from the mean streets of the East End by my bootstraps—selling pencils—to rise to the Pinnacle of Publishing and Media. I am the living embodiment of the time-tested adage that hard work, tempered with ethical standards of fair play, will reap well-deserved rewards as a result. I salute those who, like myself, provide products and/or services that pass the test of a demanding public, in the Free Marketplace in the real world of Supply and Demand.
But unfortunately, Greed always surfaces in the wake of Economic Freedom. One of Greed’s vehicles is the manipulation of the misleading entity known as ‘The Non-Profit Foundation’. More often than not, it is a safe haven for windfalls that would normally go to where they should go to, such as: our infrastructure, our safety nets, National Defense, schools, roads, police, fire, and so on. All too often the burden and responsibility of our civic duty falls upon the shoulders of the ‘little people’, who do not have the means (or inclination) to funnel their hard earned capital into safe havens. But greedy tycoons, such as Boffin Syznic, use the non-profit for research and development for the purpose of future commercial profit, under the radar of the necessary regulations that ensure an even playing field. Well, Mr. Syznic, I cry foul, sir. It is far from me to—

Email from Sir William Gallows to Nigel Flinth: Take the remote crew over to the Table Foundation Headquarters on Market Street for a 6:00 PM feature report in conjunction with my debate with Morgan at NCC in NYC. This is to be a lead-in fluff piece, Nigel. Be there early to review my approved script copy, so you can re-word it in that lovable, trademark way of yours. Do NOT disappoint me.

From NCC NewsWire: TABLE FOUNDATION ATTORNEY FOUND DEAD AT BILLIONAIRE’S ESTATE: NO FOUL PLAY SUSPECTED
Text mail to Nigel Flinth: Did you get that, Nigel?

From NCC NewsWire: TIBURON POLICE: PHARMACEUTICAL SPOKESMAN DISCOVERED DEAD; APPARENT SUICIDE
Sources report that PerryPharm Exec Mark Diller, 29, had been despondent in recent weeks…

51: “It's Just Stuff…”

July 30, Noon
Syznic Manor was a hive of activity. Carpenters, technicians, and various security types armed with video cams, moved about their tasks. Every room in the house had been  totally trashed, and the cams recorded and documented all of the damages.
Buzzing pleasantly on painkillers, Boffin sat under the oak tree and tranquilly observed the scene as he absently fiddled with his uncomfortable neck brace.
“Easy come, easy go,” he said in a gravelly voice to Rem Peterson, who sat nearby in a lawn chair drinking a lemonade with his left hand. Rem's right arm was in a cast. Workmen brought out busted furniture and various odds and ends, and tossed them into one of three large dumpsters placed in the driveway area. Boffin sighed when he saw the smashed and ruined round table from Duck’s, carried out in pieces.
“Its just stuff… I am so sorry about Mimi’s sculptures. She’ll be heartbroken.”
Mimi, BJ, and Sara were in route from San Jose, having flown in on the Rex Express.
“I do believe that we will move on to the ranch for a few days,” Boffin added.
“Fucking brutes,” said Rem. “Each and every one of them are going to pay—”
“Easy, easy,” said Boff. “What’s the point? Let’s concentrate on the important things. You have communicated with our Guru, in hiding once again, alas. What’s the word?”
“OK. During the raid, Guru accessed the inner and outer cams and has a pretty good visual record of the raid, including you and me getting our asses thumped. A few minutes footage of the trashing of the mansion and guesthouse got out on the feed until some Einstein finally got wise and cut the signal. What a bunch of cretins—”
“How are our kids?” 
Meaning Tom, Rosie, Sheila, and the night nurse whose name always escaped him.
“Debbie was given first aid and a sedative. Don’t know if she’ll be coming back.”
Boffin bobbed his head awkwardly, on account of the brace.
“I’ll have my people take good care of her. How about your crew, Peterson?”
“The fucking perverts beat up Rosie a little,” said Rem. “She’s plenty mad. All three of them are true believers now, quite an education. They all say they are behind you, and ‘will fight to the death’.”
“Oh, it won’t come to that. See that they are taken care of, won’t you, Rem?”
“Right.”
“Mike and Estrella are safely on the road,” said Boffin, “and both Steve and Lori have promised me that they will keep their heads down for a few days, until the dust has settled.”
“Now about the Guru. Axelrod found him a nice little hideout,” said Rem. 
Guru was now encased in a safe-house, twenty miles south of San Francisco.
“He wants to release the security cam videos right away.”
“Not yet, Rem. I don’t want spook Gallows and give him an excuse to chicken out of the debate. Let’s see what Jenny can do, and then we will give Guru the go-ahead.”
Rem nodded. Strategy was in order. Things were just too static, and both sides were a little touchy, except that one side was also punch-drunk and trigger-happy.
Earlier in the day, Sara’s Luptag’s young law associate, Raymond Fanta, had filed an emergency brief in Federal Court to have outside medical observers present at the autopsy of David Cross. Denied. National Security, ruled the Appellate Judge.
Right.
Then the word came in, only an hour ago. The autopsy had been concluded in Concord. Preliminary results had already been released to the media: David Cross had died from a ‘massive cerebral hemorrhage’, more commonly known as a ‘stroke’. His body had already been released to a crematorium in Concord. David’s parents drove in from Gilroy, and that was that. All in one morning, praise the Lord.
Almost simultaneously, a feature post by Nigel Flinth, entitled David Cross: Radical Politics and Quality Cannabis—Drug Abuse Cover-up?, was posted on GIGGLE, NCC NewsWire, and other major news outlets. An ‘unnamed source’ claimed that Cross ‘had a problem with the substance that went far beyond recreational use.’
Right.
“Haven’t had a chance to think much about Cross,” said Rem.
“Dave was one of ours,” said Boffin sadly. “I just had to play the big shot…”
“You didn’t put that thing in his head, boss.”
“Oh really? Look, it may as well been you and me… that put a gun right up to his head and pulled the trigger.”
“What do we do?”
“We let it go.” Boffin was still a bit groggy from the painkillers, and despite his guilt and melancholy, was as mellow as the Buddha. The sun was shining, birds were chirping, and hip-hop music was thumping from a boombox brought by one of the workmen. 
“It’s a beautiful day in the neighborhood, Remington.”
“Life is but a dream, Boss.”
Meanwhile, out in the real world, a statement issued by the Justice Department declared that the raid at Syznic Manor followed all Federal guidelines and constitutional law, with proper warrants. A leaked story to the press accused Syznic of the cyber attack on the SF Federal Building. “An Act of Domestic Terrorism,” quoted an anonymous source in the Justice Department.
“It would seem that with F. W. Piltdown on the sidelines, somebody just couldn’t resist the opportunity to make their bones,” said Rem.
“That tells me that they all aren’t all on the same page,” replied Boffin.
“Here comes the bus,” said Rem, gesturing toward the road. “I’ve got to talk to BJ. How do you want to get to Lucifer’s Canyon? Want me to call for the chopper?”
“Please do, Remington. —Speak of the devil, here comes Mimi.”

Signs posted on the door and front windows of the Market St. Media Center: THE TABLE FOUNDATION RESEARCH AND MEDIA CENTER HAS MOVED! WISH WE KNEW WHERE! ACTUALLY, WE ARE ON VACATION. SEE YOU ALL IN SEPTEMBER! BE GOOD AND DO GOOD! AND PLEASE DON’T BELIEVE EVERYTHING YOU SEE ON THE NEWS!

Mike, Estrella, and Alex drove north through monotonous farms and fields shimmering in the summer heat. Destination: the Rogue Valley of Southern Oregon.
“We are going to see the Elves,” Mike told Alex. “I understand that the local orcs are pacified with hearty ale, and are slow to anger this season.”
Alex looked at Mike with a blank expression that read: Are you for real?
“Don’t mind him, dear,” said Estrella, behind the wheel. “You’ll just love Ashland. There’s lots of places to see, and fun things to do. I can’t wait to go fishing, myself!”
“I still want to consult with Elrond,” said Mike.
“Shut up!” yelled Alex and Estrella, and Mike laughed along with them, relieved that Alex was bravely dealing with the shocking news about 'Uncle' David's sudden death and the raid at Boffin Manor. Alex was a good kid. Mike wanted to keep the conversation away from the cold, hard, reality of the events for the moment. Both Estrella and himself would have a serious talk with the girl later, when they stopped for the night.
“We are going to spend the rest of the summer in Ashland,” said Estrella, as the wind whipped her hair about her face. “We are going to set up the new Table Foundation branch office!”
“It will be good to get out of chilly San Fran,” Mike lied, for little Alex's sake. Things were getting just too hot in Syznic Land, and Boffin 'suggested' that they lay low for awhile. Maybe they could also wrap up 'The Fraud', away from the distractions of the big city. 

Jade and Phrogg went on a blitz of promotion: DoBoob, Yew Lube, NoseBook, Twattle, and ads on YakMail and in the Eco-Tittler. They moved into their new digs: a loft above the main floor of an old bathhouse near the Giants ballpark. They stocked the loft with all sorts of stuff, games and gadgets. My Next Life On Steroids!
Jade assumed the role of Karmic Administrator. GOD, in other words. Phrogg reluctantly took on the role of the Adversary, otherwise known as Lucifer, the Angel of Light.
“Don’t worry, Phroggy. It’s still only a game.”
“Not to everybody.”
Meaning one Nigel Flinth, who was the second highest logger to the game, right behind Rex Andromedas, Boffin's pilot.
“Daddy's coming over later. He says it's really urgent, like. He says he needs to talk to us about Mr. Flinth, and what he's up to.”
“Hardcore, Jade.”

Book 10 Jennifer's War

52: Showdown At Rockenheimer Center

I have been accused in some quarters of being an “agent of influence” for the Pharmaceutical Industry. If being a relentless champion for the Public’s Health, Safety, and Welfare makes me an “agent of influence”, then so be it. 
Sir William Gallows

July 30, New York City
“You look ravishing, Jenny.”
Megan Tyler stood back and surveyed Jennifer with approval. Meg was one of Jenny’s many friends in the New York publishing scene. They stood together by the mirror in the sitting room of Jenny’s suite, as Bingham Wilson sat in a folding chair by the door, his face impassive.
“What do you think, Mr. Wilson?” said Megan.
“I wouldn’t know about them things, Miss,” said Bing. “You look fine, Jennifer,” he added, clearly uncomfortable with women stuff. Jen and Megan chuckled together.
Jenny gazed at her image in the full-length mirror. She had settled on a sky-blue silk blouse, stylish (and very complimenting) black slacks, and a string of pearls, matched by silver high heels. Her hair was pinned up just so, and she wore her black rimmed reading glasses, attached to a golden chain.
“You are going to SLAY them, Jen,” said Meg. “They won’t even know what hit them!” Meg herself was a mousy little thing, fashionably challenged and content with the fact.
“Thanks, Meg,” replied Jenny with a sad little grin, “you are so kind, but this little gig won’t be a pushover. These people take no prisoners, only scalps. I’ve watched a number of Sir William’s interviews and he sets up his opponents with his eloquent English charm and flattery and gets them right where he wants them—and then he destroys them without mercy or pity! And don’t let Anne Curtis fool you—she is a hard, mean, piece of work. Oh, she’s stupid, but she’ll cut your throat (and your balls off!) if you let your guard down… I’m not that worried, mind you, but I must remain focused…”
Jenny’s voice trailed off. It was 8:00 PM, and makeup call was at 8:30. NCC Studio One was right down the block at 30 Rockenheimer Center. Jenny decided to walk, so they could dig and enjoy the sights and lights of the awakening evening. Bingham had been hired by Mimi to keep an eye on Jenny (who was too preoccupied to argue about it for the moment), and Megan Tyler was along for companionship and moral support.
Jennifer was still grokking the news from California and was totally outraged, despite her simmering resentment of Boffin’s old-fashioned ideals of chivalry. Sure, he mistakenly thought he was doing the right thing in shielding her from the stark and evil brutality of these people. But damn it, she never could stay mad at Boffin for very long. This was sick and evil shit, and since Sir William Gallows was a part of it, she doubled down on her resolve to lay him to waste in the court of public opinion. It was almost like she had been born for this moment, and she swore that she would not let her friends down. It was time to take a stand against the bastards. This was her moment to step forward to make her contribution for ‘truth and justice’. No one else could do it.
And David Cross deserved a little justice. Poor lost David! Oh, she had put on a brave face in front of the others, but once Mimi and BJ were safely in the air with Rex, homeward bound on Tiger Lily, Bing drove Jen back to the safety of her hotel room, where after locking the door and shutting off the ringer on her phone, she buried her head in her pillows and wept until her eyes were red and her body was exhausted. No one would ever know.
It was now time for some hardcore payback. Nigel Flinth had already posted a story accusing Dave of ‘out of control’ drug abuse, among other juicy items concerning herself and this Beta Bronski—and that was a blunder that Jenny was going to choke Sir Gallows with—choke him to death, and send his bloody carcass back to Merry Old England in a body bag! Jenny smiled as she sharpened her mental knives. Boffin and Rem weren’t the only admirers of The Art of War. William Gallows and Anne Curtis were in for a bit of a surprise come this evening, because every dog has his (or her) day.
Curtis’s debate/talk show Cutthroat  was indeed the Big Time, with the highest ratings in all of cable news. This was the goal that Jen had been working so hard for, during these last few weeks in New York. Knowing all too well that the national media vultures were setting her up, Jenny had purposely acted silly, stupid, and definitely way in over her head, during the past week, doing the interview game on local New York  talk shows—although playing the stupid bimbo wasn’t quite as easy as it sounded, and she was hoping (and gambling) that the arrogant bastards and bitches in their ivory media tower at NCC News would fall for her con. Jenny’s friend Megan was a little puzzled.
“Are you SURE you know what you are doing, Jen?”
“Strategy is in order here, Meg. I’m the tasty bait… but don’t you worry, this will work… I want Anne Curtis to think I’m dumber than she is! That being said, it’s so much harder pretending that you ARE stupid, than pretending you are not—right, Bing?”
“Tell me all about it,” grinned Bing, who had a lifetime of experience dealing with The Man.
Instead of a pod tablet or Monkberry, Jenny was only going to carry a clipboard with a few scribbled notes, Lori’s test summary, and a CD of Steve’s old group, DMZ.
Fingering the Patch on her forehead, Jenny recalled Gary Gilmore’s famous last words before his execution: “Let’s do it.”

A young page led Jenny, Bingham and Megan to the green room at NCC Studio One, 30 Rockenheimer Center. As Jenny was seated for makeup, Bing and Meg were led on to a reserved area in the studio proper. A hard-faced middle-aged woman stepped up and peered at Jennifer.
“Hi. I’m Carol. I’m going to touch you up, just a tad. You go on in less than twenty minutes, and—”
A young man bustled in and gently but firmly hustled Carol to the side.
“Let me at her!” he cooed at Jennifer, “Oh, you are just fantastic, a goddess!”
He proceeded to fuss with the strands of hair framing Jenny’s temples. Carol was pissed, to say the least.
“What are you doing, Brian? How rude of you!”
Jenny sat with a bemused look on her face. What the hell…?
The young guy began to brush Jenny’s hair.
“We’re switching, Carol-love. Sir William is waiting for you next door. Run along now.”
“I don’t think so, Brian.” Carol’s face was red. “Anne told me specifically—”
Brian turned around and spoke in a normal baritone voice:
“Take a walk, Carol—and don’t keep his Lordship waiting.”
Gone was the phony falsetto.
“Where are you working tomorrow?” replied Carol. She turned and left the room.
Jenny had a nervous smile on her lips. “What on earth–”
Brian leaned in close, and whispered into Jenny’s ear. “They are gunning for you, sweetheart. Carol was ordered to make you up like a clown, to make you look ridiculous under those lights on national television. It’s done all the time. Luckily I got wind of their plot—”
“What?” Jenny knew who she was dealing with, but this was a new low.
“You’ve got some big enemies around here, darling. Me, I’m undecided. But I’m not going to let Anne Curtis get away with it, not this time.”
Brian stood back and looked her over.
“You don’t need much at all, actually. I congratulate you on your ‘near perfect’ skin. Most Redheads need a bit of work before going under the lights… you’ll do alright. This patch contraption will reflect the lights, can’t be helped—”
The young man rambled on as he finished up his work. Jenny looked at her reflection in the lighted mirror and nodded in approval.
“Thank you. —Brian, is it? I won’t forget this. If you ever need any help, or a job…”
Jenny fished around in her small shoulder bag for a business card.
“Frankly, I just might,” said Brian.

A bald guy wearing a wireless headset and microphone introduced himself.
“Hi, I’m Sherman Asche, Production Coordinator. Come this way, Ms. Morgan.”
He led her into the studio, where Jenny beheld Sir William Gallows in the flesh for the first time. Gallows was seated on the set next to Anne Curtis, under the lights. He rose for Jennifer, and extended his hand.
“It is a pleasure to finally meet you, Ms. Morgan. Oh my, oh my—”
His voice was rich and deep, with only a trace of Cockney. His physical appearance was equally impressive: tall and thin, and impeccably dressed in a natty tailored suit from Saville Row. His hair was long and silver and tied back in a small ponytail.
“Likewise, Sir William,” smiled Jenny.
Anne didn’t rise.
“Welcome to Studio One. May I call you Jennifer? Did you bring a Patch that I can hold up during the lead-in? Oh, thanks.”
Jenny handed her a Patch, and likewise one for Sir William.
“So this is what all the fuss is about,” he muttered.
Jenny sat down, and studied the set. The three chairs were placed in a semi-circle, with Anne on the left, Sir William in the center, and Jennifer on the right. Anne had a small stand with a laptop at her right hand. Four cameras were arrayed at various spots in front of them. Crew people bustled about. Jenny turned to gaze at Anne Curtis, who had returned her attention to her laptop.
Anne Curtis was maybe five years younger than Jennifer. Pretty and perky, with pixie ‘blonde’ hair, she wore a very short skirt that showed a lot of thigh. Anne’s legs were always going to be her best asset, thought Jenny. The whole stage was set up for Anne Curtis’ legs. Unreal. Jenny was now thankful that she herself had chosen to wear slacks, because this was all about Anne Curtis and her fucking legs. Anne did have a million dollar smile, which she used to disarm her opponents. Jenny remembered that Curtis was a master at setting up her unwitting victims—for the kill.
“We’ve got five, no, four minutes,” said Asche. “Let’s get you wired, Ms. Morgan.” He held a small wireless microphone on a clip.
A young flunky stepped up to Gallows. “Microphone test, Sir William.”
Gallows cleared his throat: “Hrummp, hrummp, a rum pum pum pum.”
Someone called out, “Bravo!”
Give me a break, thought Jenny, as Asche finished clipping the microphone to her lapel.
“Anne, audio test,” called out the soundman.
Curtis looked up and nodded. She swiveled around in her seat and faced Jennifer.
“Tell me, Ms. Morgan,” she said with a wide smile, “are you picking up any signals on that patch thingy? From Command Central? Or The United Federation of Planets?”
There it was: the first shot across the bow. Jenny ignored the laughter from around the room. Her smile did not waver. What a bunch of suck-up chicken-shits!
Jenny replied in a matter-of-fact tone of voice. “Those are lovely panties you are wearing, Anne. But aren’t they reflecting a bit in these lights? Maybe you should remove them—like Sharon Stone had to do in that movie. Before you distract the viewers at home, you know, from the debate.”
Anne’s smile disappeared as she swiveled around in her seat and crossed her legs. Jenny smiled sweetly.
(How do you like THOSE SIGNALS, you stupid bitch?)
Sir William’s face remained impassive during the exchange.
“One minute,” said Sherman Asche.
Both Jenny and Sir William cleared their throats.

THIS—IS NCC.
Tympani drum roll as Sherman Asche counts down from ten, the last three seconds by hand signal. Anne lifts her head on cue and smiles into camera #1.
“Good evening. I’m Anne Curtis. Welcome to a special edition of Cutthroat, America’s Premiere Debate Forum, where the gloves come off, and the knuckles crack!”
Anne shifts to face camera #2, and holds up the Patch.
“All over America, people talking about the so-called ‘Third Eye Patch’. The buzz has reached viral proportions. Does it deliver on its promises? Is it the Great Hope, or the Great Hoax? Tonight we will shed some light on the phenomenon, with two experts with ties to the controversial Patch.”
Anne introduces Jenny first.
“First, the outgoing CEO of the Table Foundation, and one of the Third Eye Patch’s founders, Jennifer Morgan.”
Jenny smiles and nods to the camera.
“And also here tonight is no stranger to us all at NCC News, direct from London, England, Sir William Gallows.”
Gallows nods wisely, but does not smile.
Cam 4 pans back, revealing Anne, her legs, and a widescreen monitor on her right.
“Before we begin, let us first check in with our man on the scene in San Francisco, Nigel Flinth, for a quick recap of breaking developments in the on-going Table Foundation Scandal, closely related to the Third Eye Patch—” Anne swivels in her seat, crosses her legs, and addresses the monitor. “—Nigel?”
Jenny silently groans. Thanks, Anne. And hello Nigel Flinth! Oh boy, icing on the cake! Who’s next, maybe Beta Bronski?
The monitors cut to Nigel, standing out in front of the SF Media Center, microphone in hand.
“This is Nigel Flinth. I am standing in front of the now vacant headquarters of the Table Foundation, here in San Francisco. Vacated, it would seem, because of the avalanche of media attention focusing on the growing scandal involving billionaire Boffin Syznic and possible illegal activities, including cyber terrorism, according to the Justice Department. All of this coincides with the death of the foundation’s notorious lawyer, David Cross, whose body was found on the estate of the same Boffin Syznic. Authorities have ruled that Mr. Cross’s death was from natural causes, but nevertheless, it raises more questions in a story that has more questions than answers. At this time, both Syznic and US Attorney Junker have no comment. A short, terse statement was issued by acting Table President Dr. Lori Dryer, requesting that the media respect the family and the many mourners of David Cross, and that a full statement was forthcoming.
“And finally, the San Francisco Heath Department has issued a warning regarding the patch, and requests that anyone who received a patch in the ‘Great Patch Give-Away’ to refrain from putting them on, until a more thorough study can be done to ensure that the patch poses no potential health problems or side-effects, although both the Third Eye and Table Foundation websites insist that the patch is completely safe, citing the recent controversial report from Samantha Angers, of the FDA.”
Flinth pauses dramatically, and whistles through his trademark gap between his front teeth.
“That’s all for now, Anne. I’m turning it back over to you in New York. From San Francisco, this is Nigel Flinth, NCC News.”
“Thank you, Nigel.” Anne Curtis swivels, crosses her legs, and faces Jenny and Sir William.
ANNE: —Jennifer Morgan. You have been involved with the Table Foundation and the Third Eye Patch from the beginning. I see that you are wearing your patch! Would you like to comment on Nigel Flinth’s analysis?
MORGAN: Thank you, Anne. Well, that report was inaccurate. I have been in on the inside, and I would like to set the record straight. There has been nothing but opposition to this project since even before it was announced. Why? The Patch was conceived as a safe alternative to the nicotine patch. Inspired by an idea from Michael Chen, Boffin Syznic assembled an outstanding team led by Dr. Lori Dryer, to implement Mike’s vision. When word of the Patch leaked out to the media, the attacks started in earnest, and almost immediately. Again, why? Why would a simple Smoker’s Quitting Aid be a threat to anyone? It was like the Dark Forces had been unleashed from Hades. Our phones and computers were bugged, and our confidential communications were compromised. Then, out of the blue, a lucrative proposal from a large pharmaceutical corporation, to buy out the Patch! Meanwhile, spies managed to infiltrate the testing process. Things came to a head only three days ago, when Dr. Dryer’s computer was hacked and the Patch’s copyrighted inner workings were stolen, forcing us to show our hand and publicly announce the Patch and get it out, because—
ANNE: Those are serious charges, Ms. Morgan. Would you care to wade into this, Sir William?
GALLOWS: Thank you, Anne. First, I would like to offer my condolences to the family, friends, and colleagues of David Cross, Ms. Morgan. Anyway, I would like to expand on your comments. As Anne suggested, those are serious charges. Just whom are you referring to?
MORGAN: Well, as for the hacking incident, I do not have a clue. Regarding the buy-out offer, PerryPharm Corporation did offer us one billion dollars while the Patch was still in research and development.
GALLOWS: Excuse me, but that is ridiculous.
MORGAN: No, it’s on the record.
GALLOWS: A trick from Boffin Syznic.
MORGAN: I was there, William. The video record of the meeting is up on the Table website. Check it out.
ANNE (cutting in): —Sir William, you have led the charge in claiming that the Patch is an elaborate ‘hoax’. Would you care to expand on that?
GALLOWS: Gladly, Anne. Many years ago, when I entered the world of publishing, I made a solemn vow that I would watch out for the People, and fight for their interests. It is an oath that I have never wavered from. A sacred oath. And all too often, notorious schemes come along to deceive the trusting Public, always designed to separate the consumer from their weekly wage packet. And I feel it is my duty to expose them when I find them. This Third Eye Patch is just the latest rip-off, and with all due respect, Ms. Morgan, I am sorry to see that you are part of this scheme. I am hoping that you are just ignorant of the obvious fraud of this enterprise. Were you deceived by Syznic and the others, exploiting your commendable but naive desire to do some good in the world?
MORGAN: I resent that, William Gallows. The Patch is REAL and I believe in it one hundred percent. Nobody is in this for the money. Boffin Syznic has more money than he will ever need. He has no desire for power. He is doing this to help humankind. Boffin Syznic is a brilliant innovator, and the greatest man I have ever known. In fact, he is the greatest man of his generation. Dr. Lori Dryer is the leading expert in her field, and a great humanitarian. She is also a good friend of mine.
ANNE: What about Steve Shank? There is controversy concerning his involvement with the Patch. Sir William?
GALLOWS: Indeed. When I learned that Stephen Shank was part of this enterprise, red flags went up for me, and I had to get involved. This became personal, because Shank did me grievous harm many years ago. I had become a father to him, a mentor when his own father had passed away… He turned on me, and stole millions from my production company and his own mates in DMZ. He broke our hearts, and not a few contracts. It took many years to undo the damage he caused to me and many others. So when his name came up, after all these years, I did some investigating, and did not like what I found.
MORGAN: Thanks for bringing up Steve Shank’s involvement with the Patch. Steve is also a friend of mine, and I would like to set the record straight. Steve is an outstanding musicologist, and astronomer. His research was crucial for the Patch’s success. And since Sir William has brought it up, I will tell you the true story of Steve’s feud with Sir William Gallows.
(Jenny holds up the compact disc for the camera.)
MORGAN: Recognize this, Sir Gallows?
GALLOWS: Indeed I do. ‘DMZ Live At Red Rocks’. Our greatest seller. Triple platinum, I recall. I’m proud to be part of it, as executive producer.
MORGAN (donning her glasses): Right. ‘All songs written and arranged by Stephen Shank. Recorded at Red Rocks, USA; with additional recording in London, UK.’ Additional recording in London, Sir William?
GALLOWS: Oh, that. Common practice, my dear. All the great ‘live’ recordings have been ‘sweetened’ in the studio, prior to release. An out of key string, or a buzz or even wind noise in the microphones… What does this have to do with Steve Shank and the fraudulent Third Eye Patch?
MORGAN: It has everything to do with Steve’s integrity, since you attack it. Maybe because Steve says that the entire album was recorded in London, and somebody else recorded some audience noise, presumably at Red Rocks, and overdubbed it onto the master tapes—
GALLOWS: Outrageous! DMZ played at Red Rocks! What are you—
MORGAN: But Steve never played at Red Rocks, and never has been to Red Rocks. DMZ may have played there, in a different incarnation, but not Steve, and those recordings were not recorded there, and Steve won in court! So don’t go attacking a friend of mine and slander his character, Gallows.
GALLOWS: Oh, rubbish. I stand by my statements, and that record.
MORGAN: Because to impugn that his character—
ANNE (shifting for the camera): We are coming up on a hard break. Cutthroat will be back in two minutes. This is NCC, Studio One.

A flunky hands out bottled water to Anne, William and Jenny. Crew members chat softly in the darkness beyond the lights. Anne bends to her laptop, as Sir William stretches and clears his throat. Jenny leans back, closes her eyes, and meditates.
(I feel great, just wonderful, but Sir William is afraid… I can feel his fear… fascinating! Is it the Patch?)
Jenny opens her eyes and returns her attention to the studio. Sir William leans in close, and his voice is quite jovial: “Ms. Morgan, I commend you for sticking up for your friends. I value loyalty above all other virtues. Please consider this offer: Come and join my team in London, or here in New York. Seriously, we would just love to have you.”
“Why are you doing this, Gallows?”
“Doing what, my dear?”
“Come on, don’t play games with me, William.”
“I’m just looking out for the little guy, Ms. Morgan.”
“Right, and I’m the Pope, and pigs have wings. Listen, I DO know why you are doing this, and in a few more minutes the entire world will know, too. Your monopoly is coming down, Gallows. Brace yourself!”
“Promises, promises,” mutters Sir William.
“One minute,” says Sherman Asche, from somewhere in the darkness.

The director counts down, and Anne Curtis springs to life.
ANNE: We are back with Jennifer Morgan and Sir William Gallows. —The Third Eye Patch. Tell us, Ms. Morgan, how does the contraption work? Some say that prolonged use of the Patch may cause brain damage, or have possible side effects. What do you say to those who wish to have more testing done before the Patch is approved for sale to the public?
MORGAN: ‘Some say’, Anne? Who would that be?
GALLOWS: I’ll answer that. How about the American Medical Doctors Organization, Ms. Morgan? And not to mention the Associated Pharmacists of America? They are only two of the many organizations that urge caution to people who are considering the Patch. I am hoping that the British Medical Society follows suit.
MORGAN: Let’s talk about the AMDO, totally owned by Big Pharma, aka the PerryPharm Corporation. The last thing they want is for people to use a safe alternative to what they are peddling. ‘What? You mean it has no drugs in it at all? How could that possibly work?’ (Jenny pauses, as Gallows clears his throat.) Well, I’ll tell you: The Patch uses the body’s own biorhythms to calm the craving centers of the brain naturally. Most drugs, including antidepressants, only trick the brain into producing more Dopamine, which is not the solution. But the Patch eases the brain’s impulse to create Dopamine. The Patch gives the brain, and by extension, the body, the chance to reset itself and resume it’s natural functions in a healthy way. That is why the Patch is so dangerous to Big Pharma, and its partners. The Patch is a threat to them, and their control. We all know that America is over-medicated.
GALLOWS: Oh, balderdash! I can hear the black helicopters. (Laughter from Anne Curtis) I am so tired of the same old attacks on the Pharmaceutical Industry, Ms. Morgan. Thanks to the Pharmaceutical Industry, people are healthier, live longer and have more productive lives.
MORGAN: Thanks to the Pharmaceutical Industry, Sir William, people are more addicted, neurotic, depressed and unhealthy than ever before. Did you know that PerryPharm’s two largest profit makers are for depression and erectile dysfunction? The AMDO is a hack organization that directs the industry’s foot soldiers—
GALLOWS: Oh, I hear echoes of the Class Warfare Card. Big Business equals BAD. Right. One gets tired of that old routine—
MORGAN: Oh what a load of horse manure, Gallows! I may not be as rich as you or Anne, but I am a millionaire. I earned it too, so I guess that makes me a Capitalist.
ANNE: Let’s get back to the Patch. Some people are questioning the validity of the tests, administered by Dr. Lori Dryer. Some say—
MORGAN: Who IS this ‘Some Say’, Anne?
ANNE: Well the AMDO, among others, did remove Dr. Dryer from their membership a number of years ago for promoting controversial and ‘some say’ dangerous theories involving, um, ‘alternative treatments’ and ‘quack cures’.
MORGAN: Are you still talking about the AMDO? I thought we settled that.
GALLOWS (cutting in): —Not to mention totally irresponsible New Age Voodoo Cures endangering the public—
ANNE: The consensus is that the Medical Establishment knows a bit more what’s best for us, than some unqualified out-of-work writers trying to make a buck.
MORGAN: Are you referring to someone in particular? Why are you so jaded and cynical?
(Jenny dismisses Anne with a wave of her hand, and turns to Sir William.)
MORGAN: Both of you are dead set on shooting this whole thing down. I know the reason, but I would like to hear from you, Sir William, the real reasons for going out of your way to slander good people and trash something good and beneficial for the whole Human Race. Let’s hear about your interests that are at stake here. Full disclosure.
ANNE: Wait a minute here, Ms. Morgan. We are not here to—
MORGAN: Oh, yes we are, Anne. So let’s start with me first. Full disclosure. I have no financial stake in the Third Eye Corporation. None. I am doing this because I believe in the Patch, and its creators. I have also resigned from my position as President of the Table Foundation, for unrelated reasons. I am proud of my tenure at the Foundation, but the time has come to move on. I have neglected my own business interests, and wish to focus on them.
GALLOWS: That’s very noble, Jennifer. But what does that have to do with the fact that there are real, credible concerns about the safety of the Patch, and its effects!
ANNE: Right! What does —?
MORGAN: —What are you two doing, playing tag-team? How come I wasn’t invited to the rehearsal?
GALLOWS: Hear, hear! How dare you—
MORGAN: How dare YOU, William Gallows!
ANNE: Ms. Morgan, please address him as Sir William, as a respect to his—
MORGAN: —What? Anne, the last time I checked, this was (and is) the United States of America. At least it was when I woke up this morning. Didn’t we rag-tag Yankees abolish that sort of rot, like, years ago? William’s title has no weight here.
GALLOWS: It’s perfectly all right, Anne. I am not offended. I love the USA. But I do take offense at Ms. Morgan’s disregard for the American People. And I refuse to let her push a harmful fraud on them, and I will fight this scheme up to my dying breath, if need be.
MORGAN: Spare us your dramatics! It is time for full disclosure, SIR Gallows. (Jenny puts on her glasses, and begins to read aloud from the clipboard.)
GALLOWS: Oh Gawd.
MORGAN: Here we go: Gallows Ltd. A subsidiary of Britannic Majesty’s Media Ltd. Controlling Shareholder? William Gallows! Britannic is a sub—
GALLOWS: Hold it, Morgan!
ANNE: (at the same time) Is this necessary?
MORGAN: —a subsidiary of Hands Across The Water Media Enterprises, which owns—oh wow, Anne!—NCC News! Controlling Shareholders? Tad Spinner and Sir William Gallows! Small world, isn’t it?
GALLOWS: My business interests are not the issue here, Morgan.
MORGAN: Oh yes they are, Willie. Because Hands Across The Water is controlled by (who would have known?) Consortium Consolidated Corporation, which also controls 49% of PerryPharm Corporation! Wow! Old man Fister Perry only holds 51% these days, having sold a large block of his holdings some time ago. I had no idea! All of these companies, including ComCo, are subsidiaries of HedgeCo, controlled by Darren Tuffitt, but other shareholders include, wait a second, here we go: Sir William Gallows, Fister Perry, Bob and Loretta Knobbler, Peter Derringer, Tad Spinner of NCC News, and the new kid on the block, Slade Robertson, of StartUps Coffee fame. By the way, two Consortium-controlled solar panel companies took a big hit recently when Boffin Syznic unveiled his Akhenaten Solar Panel, causing them to go into a tailspin resulting in Chapter 11 bankruptcy—
GALLOWS: He deviously undercut viable companies unfairly, and unethically.
MORGAN: Over-priced and over-subsidized rip-offs. Akhenaten is cheaper, and better.
GALLOWS: Tell that to all the folks who lost their jobs.
MORGAN: Listen to you, Sir William! By the way, the investor who took the biggest hit is Tad Spinner, co-owner of NCC News!
ANNE: What do any of these side issues and distractions have to do with the Patch, Ms. Morgan?
MORGAN: No bias, Anne?
GALLOWS: Let me answer her, Anne.
ANNE: —Because you are insinuating that NCC is somehow part of some evil entity or something, and I resent it. I am a journalist, Ms. Morgan, and take my responsibilities seriously.
MORGAN: Really? Look at this stupid set! Look at you, Anne! What is this, Beaver Patrol? Flashing your goodies for the whole world to see! Just like high school—
GALLOWS: Honestly, Ms. Morgan.
MORGAN: Wait a minute Anne, it must be in your contract, right? You aren’t a journalist, my Bog, you are just a stenographer—
GALLOWS: (smiling) Stop it, stop it.
MORGAN: —for this man sitting right here.
ANNE: (turning to camera #1) Profound words, from Jennifer Morgan. Some might call them provocative. Opportunity for expressing diverse viewpoints is what we are all about here at NCC News. Cutthroat will return, after this station break.

Anne raises her face with closed eyes as Carol applies a little powder, before moving on to Sir William. Anne won’t look Jenny in the eye, and returns her attention to her laptop. Jenny cranes her head to peek at what Anne is up to. Carol steps in front of Jenny and looks doubtful. Jenny, smiling, waves her away. Anne mutters quietly as she fiddles with her earpiece. Sir William leans over, and winks at Jenny.
“Bully for you, Morgan! I’ve got to have you! I’ll make you a Vice President; how much do you want? Ten million? Let’s make it twenty!”
“Are you talking to me, William?”
Gallows shrugs, as Sherman Asche calls out: “One minute!”
Jenny closes her eyes again to collect her thoughts.
 This is going fast. Focus.
Boffin’s face appears in her mind.
 “Not bad, little sister. It’s almost over. I knew that you could do it.”
 “I’m so sorry, Boffin, for being such a haughty bitch, especially to Mimi…”
 “Nonsense! We are all so very proud of you!”
 “I'm trying very hard not to enjoy this, Boff.”
 “That’s why you are better than they are, Jen. After you are finished with these two, have a laugh and move on.”
Jenny runs her finger along her Patch. Sir William is still rambling, but she hasn’t heard a word he has said. She is glowing in the knowledge that somehow, her friends are with her. She is winning—
“Thirty seconds.”
Sherman bends close to Anne Curtis and whispers in her ear.
“I know, Sherman!” Anne shoos him away. Sir William clears his throat. Jenny sits up straight and arches her back. Sherman counts down…

ANNE: Welcome back to Cutthroat. The controversial Third Eye Patch. Beneficial? Or just another in a long line of hoaxes that have come down the pike. It’s what people are talking about—on the Net, in the coffee shops, and around the office water coolers. (Anne pivots to face cam #2, crossing her legs flawlessly.)
ANNE: Dr. Lori Dryer, one of the founders of the Patch, was recently quoted, saying that admittedly that the ‘Placebo Effect’ does have a role in the user’s success in say, quitting smoking. Jennifer, if this is true, doesn’t that statement kind of shoot the whole thing down? Isn’t the Patch really just an expensive prop to bolster wishful thinking?
(Anne smiles like the cat who ate the canary.)
MORGAN: Not at all, Anne. Tests have proven that 3EP has ten times the effectiveness of the nicotine patch, without the added nicotine and other junk like pseudoephedrine! Of course the user has to want to break the chains of addiction, Anne. Please don’t quote Dr. Dryer out of context. And 3EP won’t be expensive. Ten or so Patches (one year’s supply, we estimate) should run under $100. That’s $8 a month, or thirty cents a day. (Jenny turns from Curtis, and looks directly into cam #2)
MORGAN: —People of America, and the World. I swear on my honor and everything that’s good, and yes, sacred: The Patch works. If it were possible, it would be free. Maybe it will be, soon. (Gallows harrumphs) Please believe me, this is not a moneymaking scheme. If you have tried over and over without success, but just can’t quit smoking, or drinking, or abusing painkillers, or crack, or crank—
GALLOWS: Nonsense! Utter rubbish! You are making impossible, irresponsible claims, and I won’t stand for it!
MORGAN: Why are you so afraid, William? Why are you so hostile? Stop obstructing this thing! Please—
GALLOWS: No, no, no, I will NOT let Boffin Syznic get away with this. It is no coincidence that he is under investigation by the Justice Department, as today’s news reports! Syznic is nothing but a Rogue and an Anarchist! I am so sorry that he has deceived you, Ms. Morgan. Boffin Syznic is the Billionaire Puppet-Master hiding behind the curtain, plotting here, manipulating there, adjusting the dials! Bells and whistles! Zapping the public with misinformation! Playing on people’s hopes and fears—false hopes and expectations! Using well-meaning people like your Mr. Chen, and even Dr. Dryer to forward his agenda. And what is his agenda? Total disruption! Heartless destruction of people’s dreams and yearnings! Moving the chess pieces around, like the unfortunate David Cross, an unwitting double agent and decoy with phony patches and such, as to trip up and fool the competition, and, um, with wild goose chases—”
(Gallows abruptly stops himself, knowing he has gone too far. Jenny leans forward.)
MORGAN: Competition, you were saying, Sir Gallows? Decoy? Phony Patch? Can you expand on this business concerning David Cross? A double agent working for who, and why? Who is the competition, William?
(Gallows is silent, a deer caught in the headlights.)
MORGAN: Answer my question, please. Who is the COMPETITION, and how would YOU be privy to any knowledge of decoys and double agents? Was it YOU who hacked our computers, bugged our phones, and smeared good people, all on behalf of the corrupt Pharmaceutical Industry?
(Gallows does not respond. Someone off-camera coughs.)
MORGAN: Your day is over, Gallows, and all that you are selling. You too, Anne. It’s all over for your drugs, your junk, your baubles, and your horrible obscene tabloid culture. The Patch is the first step for all of us to reset, and to rediscover our humanity.
(There is silence on the set. Sir William sits in a daze, still as a statue. Anne clears her throat, and turns to cam #1.)
ANNE: Thank you, Jennifer Morgan, and Sir William Gallows. I’m sure that we have not heard the last word on this controversial issue. That is all for tonight’s edition of Cutthroat. Until next time, I’m Anne Curtis of Studio One. Goodnight.

53: Fallout and Feedback

Thaddeus Spinner, owner of NCC News, didn't watch the debate live because he never watched his own network; his radar was always focused on his competition, like MSLSD, and in particular, the Vixen Network (with its slutty, bimbo news 'anchors' that made Anne Curtis look like a nun, in comparison). NCC News Network would never go that route, being, ahem, a 'legitimate' news network, respected and trusted for its journalistic integrity by all. Spinner had assumed that Sir William and Anne Curtis would make short work of this Morgan twist, and left it that. What could go wrong? 
Spinner wasn't even in the NCC building, but encased uptown in his Fifth Avenue penthouse, receiving a turbo-charged enema, courtesy of his personal secretary, when a flunky burst in, unannounced and unapologetic.
“We've got hardcore trouble, sir.”
Traffic was heavy, so Spinner, his secretary, bodyguards, and assorted spare-wheels jogged the three blocks down to NCC Studios, Spinner cursing all the way. Immediately on arrival, he summoned Sir William and Anne Curtis to his penthouse office and proceeded to tear Anne (but not Sir William) a new asshole. (Spinner had not been so macho last night, when Anne, clad in Fredrick’s of Hollywood rubber garb and stiletto heels, had whipped him into a tizzy with leather straps!)
But business was business, and Spinner was ultra-pissed off, to say the least. This debate bullshit had misfired, big time. What the hell had happened? Hadn't ANYONE even THOUGHT of vetting this Morgan broad properly? 
“What the FUCK are we PAYING these idiots to do around here anyway, Gallows?”
Sir William Gallows raised his hands in all innocence, and hastily split for the airport, as NCC staffers hid in their cubbyholes and generally made themselves invisible while Spinner had a hardcore meltdown.
“Do you know what you have done, Curtis? YOU just sunk us all! Congratulations! YOU just HAD to take a shit in the mess-kit, didn’t you?” 
Anne trembled in front of the great man. “Don’t you still love me, Taddy?”
“Shut the fuck up. Whose idea was this ‘live debate’ bullshit, anyway? Why LIVE?”
“We all thought that she was such a pussycat, Taddy, I mean like she was so dumb and stupid, you know? She’s been on local talk shows all week, like all over the place! We checked her out, really! Didn’t you see her on Morning Coffee? Moonbeams and unicorns, honest! A real head case, sitting there all giddy and pretty—a real air-head, you know?”
“Shit, that wily bitch set you up like a bowling pin, Curtis!”
A flunky stuck his head in through Spinner’s office door.
“Lots of responses are coming in, sir, like hardcore. Thousands of emails.”
Anne broke into tears.
Damage control was initiated, and emails and texts circulated. Anne was given a sedative, and sent home. The word was already out that she would not be returning. Meanwhile, Sir William flew out of New York in a black rage.
“How the bloody hell did this happen?”
His flunkies all avoided eye contact, but there was no place to hide on his private Lear Jet.
“All of you are just a bunch of worthless pansies!”
It was a long flight out to the West Coast.

Gog of the Sacred Grove was transfixed by Morgan’s performance, as he sat naked in front of the large flat screen that Fabio and Cocoa had set up in the Big G’s bungalow. 
“Re-run that, would you, Cocoa?”
Gog was in a state of ecstasy, and Cocoa didn’t like it. The big guy was overdue for a freak-out, a meltdown. And when that happened, there was usually collateral damage. There were too many other things happening at the moment, such as Senator Prescott’s escape from the Grove, and the incredibly stupid fucked up raid on Syznic Manor by that certified political idiot, Federal Marshall Mike Tumor.
It turned out that the Senator had been palming his meds in secret, and because God (or Lucifer, take your pick) always seems to watch over fools, drunks, children, and old coots clad only in bathrobes, Prescott somehow miraculously managed to float safely down the river to Monte Rio, where, using Habib’s debit card, he bought himself some clothes, a new walker, and a taxicab ride to Santa Rosa Airport. Within twenty-four hours, he had visited the White House, and had appeared on NCC, and the Vixen Network. Bad shit.
“We should have smothered the old bugger when we had the chance,” whispered Cocoa to Fabio, “because that old coot is a loose cannon! Who knows what he will blather?”
“Not to mention the FBI mole,” replied Fabio.
“Now THAT’S Piltdown’s problem,” said Cocoa, who knew that the traitor ‘V’ had nothing at all on Gog or the Grove. Thanks to Gog and Brown’s meticulous planning, there were absolutely no smoking guns, paper records, or e-trails of any unauthorized or illegal activities concerning the Grove, whatsoever. FW Piltdown, by his own recklessness, had set himself up for his own fall, and now had to face the man back in DC. He had been a little hasty and bloodthirsty, and it was just too bad that he couldn’t have lasted a little while longer. FW was now back home in Alexandria, under house arrest.
No, old man Prescott was the Big G’s main concern. Who knows how long he had been in ‘stealth mode’? Gog had kept him around on a leash, almost like a pet or mascot, and in hindsight, maybe the Senator should have been kept in a more secure setting.
“Things fall apart…”
The Fed raid on Syznic’s compound had been a blunder, a real fuck-up. What were those goons thinking? Now Governor Moone was involved. Too many eyes were suddenly looking at the situation, and the Grove itself was under scrutiny. Ominous cracks were beginning to appear in the foundations of the shit-house!
“The center cannot hold…”
After a private, encrypted conversation with the President, Gog summoned Cocoa and Fabio and serenely informed them that all of their government expense and savings accounts had been frozen, pending review. Gog told them to be ready for anything, and then proceeded to regale them with stories about his childhood.
“My nanny was the REAL Anastasia Nikolaevna Romanova, who died in 1962. She is buried in my family’s private plot… no greater honor has ever been bestowed upon a Russian.”
The Big G was beginning to slip his gears. His wheel was spinning, but there was no hamster in the cage! Cocoa Brown concluded that Gog needed to get out of Dodge. Overnight the winds had shifted in DC, and the President was wobbling. And now this William Gallows bullcrap! What to do?
The Big G needed some money, quick. And Beta Bronski was their only hope.

From NCC NewsWire:
SENATOR PRESCOTT HEALTHY AND READY TO RESUME DUTIES: Fully recuperated from his brain surgery, Sen. Wilbur Prescott has returned to Washington DC, after a three month stay in California. In an interview with VX’s Georgia Van Sutherland, the ninety year-old Prescott appeared spry, hale and hearty.
“I’m eager to get back to work, especially in lieu of the upcoming crucial vote on the Senate Defense Appropriations Bill.”

PIG RAID AT SYZNIC COMPOUND CENSORED BY MEDIA, DOBOOB 
by Marsha Portrero (The Eco-Tittler)
Apparently, the shocking and damning video footage of a prominent law-abiding citizen, confined to his wheelchair on his own property, getting pummeled by a grinning Government Storm Trooper, is not newsworthy enough for the American public. The video of the pig raid can be seen online at these links. Please spread the word, friends and neighbors!

Headline from the Daily Squeeler (Tabloid): JENNIFER MORGAN: AMERICA’S NEW SWEETHEART? On Page 3: Exclusive Stealth Nude Photos!

July 31, from the Santa Cruz Albatross: 
METH LAB EXPLOSION DESTROYS VACATION HOME ON YOGI RIDGE
A rustic A-frame vacation cabin, reportedly used by drug dealers, exploded late last night, according to the Santa Cruz Sheriffs Department. No one was on the premises at the time of the pre-dawn explosion, which completely destroyed the secluded structure, nestled in the redwoods on Yogi Ridge, 10 miles east of Santa Cruz. It was determined that the cabin was being used as a drug lab by local drug dealers. Canisters of ether and other chemicals used for the purpose of cooking methamphetamine, were discovered in the rubble. Fortunately, the fire did not spread to the surrounding redwoods. An investigation is ongoing, by the Sheriffs Department and the DEA.

54: My Next Life

Nigel Flinth gazed out at the view of Alcatraz and Angel Island from his window at the Mark Hopkins Hotel. After a month in Malibu Canyon, San Francisco was like another planet.
Having now parted ways with NCC News (Tad Spinner didn't care for his snarky style) Nigel was now based in Frisco (at the behest of Sir William) to assume his new role as Chronicler of The Consortium. His job was to pepper the public with puff pieces and bios of various players. His Lordship had been pleased with his dispatches concerning the Table Foundation ‘Meltdown’. It had been a near thing, however. Sir William, like all great men, was unstable, and Flinth on occasion had felt the heat of his Lordship’s displeasure. One had to be like a jackrabbit around the Great Ones. The bald truth of the matter was that Nigel was scared shitless of the man, because bad-bad things happened to people who got on Sir William’s bad-bad side. Nigel was struggling to find a way out, and he spent each and every day in fear and paranoia.
(Steady, mate, steady.)
All of these thoughts were on Nigel’s mind as he prepared to get started on his ‘bio’ of Peter Derringer. But first, he needed his daily dose of My Next Life. He turned on his laptop computer and drummed his fingers on the coffee table as he waited impatiently for the screen to load. He had developed quite a jones for the game since Delhi, thanks to that bastard Shankers! MNL was starting to dominate his daily life (and sometimes his dreams), forming a wedge between his duties and obligations to Sir William, and he needed to cool it.
My Next Life.
“Thank Bog,” Nigel whispered, as the Celestial City appeared in the clouds! When the angels stood aside at the Pearly Gates and the familiar purple glittery letters faded, there was a notice: “Fellow Seekers: My Next Life is currently undergoing scheduled re-configuration and re-calibration. Stay tuned for our new and improved, re-vamped website, which will be unveiled very soon!. Meanwhile, Be Good, Do Good, and Blessed Be.”
“Damn!” muttered Nigel to himself, “Bog help me, Bog help me.”
The very picture of frustration, Flinth sat down with his head in his hands. It’s just a bloody game, he told himself. He poured a cup of coffee and cursed Steve Shank, that devious devil!

Steve Shank, that devious devil, sat with Jade and Phrogg in the loft at MNL Headquarters. Shank was still in a rush from Jenny’s performance, but this Nigel Flinth business was vital, and had to be attended to. Flinth was MNL’s second highest logger, right behind Rex Andromedas, of all people.
“This latest email is too much, Dad! Mr. Flinth is DEMANDING that we restore the website IMMEDIATELY or he’ll sue us! Can he really do that?”
It was clear that Flinth was in severe withdrawal for the game, which presented a golden opportunity to take a peek behind enemy lines. Shank had no other choice but to offer Jade the white flag.
“Those are my terms, Jade. Take them or leave them. I’m conceding a lot here. I’ll leave it to you to deal with your mother, likewise Phrogg and his parents. What do you say, Jade-kins?”
Jade looked over at Phrogg, who shook his head in the affirmative.
“I accept, Dad.”
“OK, so be it,” said Shank. The deal was this: Jade could drop her classes in the fall, and concentrate on making her fortune. In return, she was to let Shank have full access to Nigel Flinth’s My Next Life account. Total access. This was ethically wrong (and surely illegal), but the seriousness of the situation warranted it. Dave’s death, the destruction of Guru's mountain cabin, and the brutality of the raid at Syznic Manor was a wake up call. The bad guys weren’t fucking around—they meant business. They had to be stopped, and Flinth was a way into their inner councils. They needed to turn Nigel Flinth.
“How about you, Phrogg-Man? Are you on board?”
“Yes sir, Mr. Shank.”
“Jolly good! Uncle Guru has agreed to assist you in recalibrating the website with lots of bells and whistles, and scary special effects! He says that any distractions will be helpful in keeping his mind off the explosion…”
The word was out that Guru's hideaway in the Santa Cruz Mountains had been completely destroyed. Some people down the canyon thought that they heard a helicopter during the wee hours, but local authorities firmly insisted that it was a faulty unattended propane tank, for the purpose of cooking meth and crank that was responsible for the blast.
“Right!” laughed Shank, “but not to worry, the bastards are running scared, and the tide is turning, comrades!”

55: Specters at Midnight

Upon arriving in Ashland, Mike remembered Melissa Greenberg and called her up. They all met up at Tivo’s Cafe, where Melissa filled Mike in on the latest.
“Elrond was captured by the Mounties up in Vancouver, but all the money was gone, of course. I am still looking for work, but I just might have to leave town, because not much is happening in this neck of the woods. By the way, Beorn just finished a stint in rehab.”
“Thank Bog,” said Mike. “Can you hook us up with him, Melissa? We need a good real estate agent.”
“Will do, Mike.”

Estrella (actually the Table Foundation) bought the very first townhouse Beorn showed her, right on the spot. It was perfect: two bedrooms, a study, guest quarters over a two-car garage, and a backyard complete with a hot-tub, birdbath, and potting shed.
Estrella liked Melissa Greenberg, and after consulting with Mike, hired her to set up and run the Table Foundation Ashland office. Estrella handed a stunned Melissa a few blank checks, and directed her to lease a vacant storefront, downtown in the Railroad District. 
“Pick up some potted plants, and a good coffeemaker, why don’t you?”
Melissa was overwhelmed with gratitude, and thanked Mike and Estrella many times.
“Welcome aboard, Melissa.”
Meanwhile, Mike rather impulsively bought a little cabin in the piney-wood foothills outside of town, although Estrella insisted that he set up his office in the guest room above the garage, because the book was nearing completion.
“Even though we’re both fabulously rich, we still need to wrap this up, and rush the manuscript off to Sol Kalinsky, who’s having kittens back there in New York, by the way.”
“You are so right, Strella, considering that I have already spent most of my advance! Let’s get started, as soon as we get set up.”
“Why don’t we just call up Melissa and see if we can get everything up and rolling today. Furniture, cable, internet…”
“Don’t forget the beds, Strella!”
The next morning, an attractive young woman from the cable company arrived to hook up Mike and Estrella’s cable and high-speed Internet. Mike tried not to stare at her snug tank-top shirt, and low butt-slung jeans. Estrella whispered in an aside to Mike, “Ye gods, Mike, she’s a dead ringer for BJ!”
Meaning Bailey Jamison, Rem Peterson’s security babe. Mike unabashedly admired the cable girl’s rear end as she scrambled up the utility pole outside, until Estrella yanked him around, and swatted his butt. “Honestly, Mike—please!”
“Oh wow—thanks, Strella, I needed that, although you’re not one to talk! Extreme…”
“Ha ha ha. Now that you mention it, she DOES have an awesome tail, honey. Hmmm…”
“Now you’re making ME jealous!”
“Maybe we should stop gawking, and set up the computers.”
“Yes, ma’am.”
Mike and Estrella’s dream cable girl just happened to be a Federal Agent, by the way. What a world. As she sat up on her perch, she double-checked to make sure the feed transmitted properly to the listening post set up in the newly vacated house directly behind the townhouse, before she scampered back down the pole. She waved to Mike and Estrella as she climbed into her truck and made her getaway.

Mike slipped out of bed quietly, so not to disturb Estrella, who was out for the count and snoring softly. Such sweet yabyum. Mike grinned at the sight of her, and decided that she just might be the one that he had been waiting for all along. Strella had always been the nice gal next door, always cool about lending a cup of sugar or sharing a ribald joke over a cup of coffee. How so blind he had been, such an asshole and a selfish fraud, pursuing the shiny trophies like Beta Bronski! Mike chuckled at the very thought. How could Estrella even compete with fantasies such as Beta? Strella was just your normal, plain, nothing special, average gal that you would pass in the street, even now with her new layered hairstyle and her updated (but still casual) wardrobe. No stress, no fuss, just plain Estrella, not to mention her whacky daughter Alex! Mike felt wistful and a little bit sad that his late mother never had the chance to meet Estrella Klein, although Pop had met her once or twice, casually.
Mike tiptoed out of the room and down the hall naked, and not caring a bit. Alex, like most kids, slept like the dead! (That gawky girl had already interrupted Mike and Estrella once, back in Frisco, but that was during the daytime. Live and learn!)
Downstairs in the kitchen, Mike guzzled some milk right out of the carton, and stuck it back into the refrigerator guiltily. (Who, me? Never!) Mike chuckled again, and that's when he heard it: soft muffled voices drifting in from the dining room, just off the kitchen. Who the hell would be here, at this hour? Surely not Melissa. Consciously aware of his own buck nakedness, Mike cautiously peeked around the partition, and was startled to see the Deli Lama and another man sitting at the dining room table. Both of them were clad in hooded robes.
“Come on in, son,” said the Lama, “Don't worry about being naked and all—I've seen it all before!”
Mike shrugged, and sat down at the table. This is only a dream, he figured.
“Life is but a dream, Grasshopper.”
“Merrily, merrily…”
Mike peered at the other man, whose face was concealed by the hood.
“Who's your friend, Mr. Lama?”
The dark figure lowered his hood and revealed his face. Mike gasped as the specter of David Cross smiled sadly at him from across the table. 
“Easy there, Mike, and don't feel too bad or sorry about me! It was a good run, and to quote Rem Peterson: “What's done is done”—although where I am going, I hope I can secure the services of a good attorney—hopefully one that is as good as I am—or was!”
Cross chuckled, but Mike said nothing. The Deli Lama cleared his throat.
“You were going to tell him something, Mr. Cross?”
“Yes! Look, Chen, from where I am, I can see things much clearer now. I was stumbling around blind for a while… but there IS something important I need to tell you, the Table, Jenny… Beta…”
“Don't stop, you're doing good,” prodded the Lama, “but time's a'wasting—”
“Alright already! Mike, tell the others that yes, I was set up by the Feds, and I knew it all along, deep down, and pretended that things were otherwise. Call it a classic case of denial… one for the textbooks! The DEA popped me and a client for possession of a sizable amount of cocaine, and the dope wasn't even ours! They offered me a deal… to make a long story short, the very night before I got Jenny out of that jam, I was with a foxy, but hard-assed DEA agent named Karen Silver… she's dead now… just like me. I wonder where SHE is now…”
 “You won't be seeing her around here no more,” chuckled the Lama.
“I'm pretty sure now that SHE was the one who hurt my ear… I was feeling no pain that night, to be sure!”
David winked at Mike from across the table.
“It was Silver that set up Jenny's bust, and sent me in to the rescue. She really had me by the balls, Chen. —Look, I feel really rotten about everything… please tell Jenny that I am sorry, so very sorry with all my heart about what I did to her…”
Mike said nothing to that. The Lama nodded, and drummed his fingers along the table-top. “Let's wrap this up, Mr. Cross.”
“Yes, of course. Chen, please tell Syznic, Peterson, and the others that I didn't know what the Feds were after, I never really knew. I thought that it was all about Mark Diller and Peter Derringer. I was pretty much in the dark, and stoned out of my skull for much of the time! Tell them that for me, please?”
Mike nodded his head, although he would never tell a soul about this, with the possible exception of Estrella.
“Thank you Mr. Cross,” said the Lama, “don't you feel better now?”
“Yes, I do.”
“You may go now, and don't be afraid.”
David rose from the table, as Mike sat in stunned silence.
“It's alright Mike, really! Like I said, I can see things much clearer now. It’s too bad that we only got together those few times… Jenny, bless her heart, always put in a good word for you, although Beta never, ever, brought up your name in conversation! I never would have moved in on Beta, if I had known about you and her—I think! Beta never said a word… you are a good man, Chen! Mr. Lama here says that you are the first of the chosen ones. Honor is due! It looks like I am going to miss the main show and all the fireworks, damn it! That's the way it goes sometimes… I am so glad that I got this opportunity to speak with you this last one time… I guess this really is goodbye, and I wish you all the best of luck.”
“Mr. Chen will definitely need it,” said the Lama, dryly.
Cross extended his hand, and Mike shook it. Cross then walked out of the room without another word. The front door opened and closed. Mike shivered and rose from the table himself, a little unsteady. “This isn't really happening.”
“What IS reality, Grasshopper?”
“You've got me there, Mr. Nous. See here, I think I better get back to bed before somebody comes downstairs and freaks out!”
The Deli Lama rose, in turn.
“Thanks for hearing Mr. Cross's confession. He needed to get that last little thing off his chest, before moving on.”
“Moving on—“
“Let's discuss THAT topic some other time. We will get together very soon, son—sometimes at the weirdest moments, not only in your dreams, but in your waking hours. Do not be afraid when this occurs, OK? The summons; your summons will arrive any week now, I should think. You are almost ready… give that Patch gizmo a little bit more time. Wait for the sureness, and you will be fine.”
“My summons…”
“And the sureness. That's my calling card, Grasshopper. Have a good nights sleep, and give Estrella a kiss for me. Hop, hop, back to bed now.”
“The sureness,” Mike muttered, as he made his way back up the stairs.

Book 11 Contracts and Prenuptials

56: Beta and Peter

July 31 - August 8
RADICAL LAWYER FOUND DEAD ON BILLIONAIRE’S ESTATE. Controversial Attorney David Cross, 38, Had Been Advocate For Drug Law Reform

‘HIGH FLYING’ ATTORNEY’S UNTIMELY DEATH: CANNABIS OVERDOSE? Health officials reconsider Federal Government’s warnings on marijuana

WHO IS THE ‘OTHER WOMAN’ IN DAVID CROSS SCANDAL? Jennifer Morgan, Table Foundation have ‘no comment’

Dear Mr. and Mrs. Cross
My heart is filled with sorrow. Please accept my condolences for the loss of your precious son. I had the pleasure to get to know David very well in the last month of his life, and I swear to you that the stories in the media are absolutely false. David did not abuse drugs, and was only a casual user of cannabis. Please believe me, all of the stories coming from the media are lies from the Government. I was very close to David in his final days, and found that he was a thoughtful, loving, caring, beautiful human being. I feel honored to be numbered among his many friends, and I shall grieve for his passing, and will think of him often. Please consider this, before you read any more lies from the media.
Yours, Beta Bronski

Beta sat in silence by her picture window. The swirling fog outside mirrored her mood, and she idled in neutral. The stark impact of David’s death had not fully sunk in, which was a blessing, because she was not ready to behold the Void, just quite yet.
The telephone interrupted her blank reverie. Cathy Braunstein was downstairs—could she come on up?

“Door’s open, Brown.”
Cocoa Brown stepped into the apartment, saw the morning paper on the coffee table, and sighed. Beta was sitting by her window perch, pen and notebook on her lap. Brown sat herself down, Indian style, across from Beta.
“Listen, girl, first let me tell you that nobody is peepin’ ‘n listenin’ in on us up here, no more. All of that has been taken care of, OK?”
Beta nodded silently.
“The Gog ‘n me are real sorry, Bronski. Honest. I know that you did your best, but nothing could ha’ saved him, not even a brain surgeon.”
Beta nodded again, and Brown continued.
“Gog had nothing to do with this, ‘n was only tryin’ to help, remember? Someday Piltdown’s gonna pay, ‘n your friend will be avenged. Now, listen to me: Things are happenin’.”
Cocoa leaned in close. “Gog’s in trouble, baby. Politics. Do you remember me telling’ you all about Senator Prescott, ‘n Gog helpin’ out with the old man’s recovery?”
Beta nodded. “Mysterious accident. Brain surgery.”
“Well, Prescott is back in DC, ‘n makin’ trouble. Don’t ask me how THAT happened. The Senator hasn’t fully recovered, ‘n he’s… well, he’s mentally ill. We was supposed to keep the Senator safe ‘n’ sound at the Grove. Turns out the old coot was palmin’ his meds, ‘n the first minute we turn our backs, off he goes, down the river! Now he’s claimin’ that we was holding him against his will! Gog’s afraid that they are goin’ to haul the old coot up in front of some committee. Bad shit, honey. Gog needs your help.”
Beta shook her head. All of this was just too much.
“Wait a minute—David is dead, and now Gog needs my help.”
“Listen, child, listen to me good. You are the only one that can help us. Only you.”
“Me? He—the Great Gog—was sure on top of the world only a few days ago, Brown.”
“The Great Wheel turns, baby. Just when Piltdown’s safe ‘n under house arrest, we have this Prescott bullshit! There’s different factions, honey, ‘n the shit’s hit the fan. The President is a weak man, ‘n has no honor. He goes the way the wind’s blowin’, ‘n the wind’s blowin’ against us. President’s already frozen Gog’s accounts! Just try usin’ the credit card, honey! Thanks to that crazy old man, they’re gonna move against us, real soon. Piltdown’s gonna tell a bunch of lies, just you wait ‘n see! Listen: Gog needs to leave the country, baby. He needs money, ‘n he wants you to get it for him. In exchange, he’ll tell you everything you need t’ know to survive the coming financial meltdown. Save Derringer’s ass too, while the others go down.”
“How much, Brown?” 
“Ten million dollars, honey. You can do it, too.”
Beta let that one go by, for the moment. Cocoa Brown pulled an envelope out of her sweats, and handed it to Beta.
“If you’re hitchin’ your wagon to Derringer’s, then you’ve got to do everything this tells you to do, without deviation. There IS a crash comin’, I shit you not. Do you hear me?” Brown got up to leave. “I know you’re smart enough, ‘n tough enough, so get yourself together. You’ve got one week, sugar.”

Beta dressed herself in black, and drove around San Francisco, aimlessly. She felt that her sanity was slipping again, and her mind was at the end of its tether. She was close to the edge of the Void that she had glimpsed when she was back in the jail; so dark, and so soothing.
Come to me, Sweetness.
However, a voice of reason reassured her, in her fevered brain. This voice almost sounded like Cocoa Brown’s.
“Don’t look down into that hole, come away from there! Get yourself together, stop whimpering, ‘n take control!”
Live, baby.
(Oh, why bother? whispered the Void.)
Because living is always harder than giving up and dying.
(Existence is just an interruption; an aberration, sweetheart. You were spawned from nothingness, and into nothingness you will return.)
Beta addressed the Void: “I reject you! I want to live, and you can go to hell!”
And the Void receded. Beta’s very defiance was her saving grace. But rejecting the darkness did not bring on the light. She was still set to wander in the desert without a compass. The phantom ‘voice’ of Cocoa Brown chastised her in her mind.
 Are you still mopin’, child?
“I didn’t ask for any of this to happen.”
 Oh, really? Who are you?
“I didn’t ask to be born.”
 So what? Get over it!
Beta suddenly grokked the Book of Job, and laughed bitterly. She really needed to cry, but that wasn’t going to happen, because she was missing something.
Beta Bronski needed healing. She pulled over and parked in front of a shabby old Salvation Army Mission on 9th Street. She went inside, slipped $100 into the kettle, and left without a word. Doing that, she actually felt a little better, and decided to postpone her looming breakdown. She even chuckled to herself.
“I am who I am. I can’t fight it, and I still have a job to do.”
And not for the first time, she wished she could consult with Boffin Syznic.
(And if that ain’t crazy, it sure is nuts!)
For she decided to move forward with her mission, and dedicate it to David. The problem was that she didn’t really know what the ‘mission’ was, anymore. Derringer had the workings of the Patch now, but at what cost? People were dead. Piltdown was under house arrest, and awaiting justice. Right. And now this business with that crazy old Senator. Cocoa Brown had made it clear: Gog was bailing out, and he needed Beta’s help. Beta was now in the driver’s seat.
 “—Wait a minute, WHAT mission? I’m just a civilian again, free and clear. The ‘mission’ is over, kaput!”
Or was it? After some thought and meditation, Beta made her decision. David and the other victims would be avenged, and justice would be served.
Madness comes in many forms, and the truth of it was that under Beta Bronski’s Ice Queen exterior, she was still crazier than a loon.

The handwritten page that Cocoa Brown had passed on to her was the instruction manual, and treasure map to the big prize. Without this inside knowledge, Peter Derringer was doomed to crash and burn with the rest of the Consortium. And since Beta had hooked her hopes and dreams on Derringer, that meant her too. The paper in her hands made Beta Bronski the keeper of the keys to the kingdom. It was time to step up to the plate, but she was only going to get one pitch, and she had to knock the ball out of the park, or all of this would be for nothing. Billions of dollars were at stake.
Beta meditated to reach the level of calmness required, and once that state was attained, she called up Peter Derringer.
“Pete,” she purred, “we need to talk.”

On August 4, Beta drove down 280 to Palo Alto, where she turned east on Page Mill Road. It was yet another beautiful day, in a long line of beautiful days. Summer was in full swing. Beta was glad to get out of the chill of The City, at least for the day. But she brought an overnight bag, just in case. She found the Mackeyville Complex easy enough, and someone directed her to the VIP parking lot, where Peter Derringer himself waited in his custom green solar-powered golf cart.
Derringer almost lost his cool, when he saw Beta get out of her Camry. She was wearing the China outfit, with a beret, and burgundy heels that matched her tunic. Amber wrap-around shades and a jade necklace complimented her outfit. Derringer was floored.
“I could die right now, Bronski. Welcome to Mackeyville-McCool.”
Derringer actually took Beta’s hand, and escorted her to the golf cart, and was about to assist her, when Beta shook him off, and said with a smile, “Cool it, Pete.”
She got into the cart on her own power. “I’m not the Queen. I do pick my nose, and sometimes do crosswords when I take a dump.”
Derringer laughed heartily as he wheeled the cart onto a pathway that led down a long grass swath between two structures that looked like they were totally made from glass. Totally Sci-Fi, thought Beta. The breeze flapped her silk skirt up and down, and Derringer stole as many glances as he could get away with. Beta let him.
Derringer gave her the full tour, inside and out. For the most part, he was on his best behavior. Afterwards, they went and sat themselves down at a picnic table near an artificial duck pond, complete with real ducks. Well, Beta thought that they looked real, anyway.
“Thanks for the tour, Peter. Very impressive.”
“The house that BodyBag built. I’m hardly ever here these days. I’m usually up at the Lab, a few miles up in the hills.”
(Beta would later learn that full testing was underway, with the best engineers and medical hacks Derringer could buy. The inner workings of the Patch were being deconstructed, and re-worked from the ground up, to escape Syznic’s copyrights.)
“I can’t show you around the lab today, because of certain, well, sensitive tests and activities that are in progress. I’m the Boss, and they told me to stay clear for the day!”
There was an uncomfortable silence. Derringer was clearly struggling to find the right words. Finally, he blurted out: “Listen, I’m really sorry about your boyfriend, um, David. I mean it, he was OK.”
“Thank you, Pete.”
“And how about that Diller character? Who would have known?”
Derringer shook his head, as if he was saying: “What a world!” He turned his eyes away from hers.
Here I go, thought Beta.
“Derr—I mean, Pete, we need to talk. I think you know about what I mean. We have been skirting the issue for too long, circling each other and playing games.”
As Beta had expected, Derringer was at a loss for words. She had disarmed his bravado and swagger.
“OK, don’t worry, Peter, I’ll do the talking. Let’s get down to it. I have a couple of proposals, and a set of demands. These demands have to be met, unconditionally, or the deal is off. Take it, or leave it.”
Derringer found his voice. “Deal, what deal? Wait a minute here, what demands? —OK, I’ll play along, what do I get out of it, if I agree to your, um, demands?”
Beta’s response wiped the smugness right off his face.
“What you GET, Peter Derringer, is the best shot at keeping some of your fortune; your ONLY shot at getting that big Government Secret Weapons contract; and last, but not least…”
Beta paused, and as she rose up from the picnic table, she reached up and pulled off her beret, letting her glorious hair spill down onto her shoulders.
“Look at me, Pete.”
Derringer was speechless yet again. His mouth hung open in utter astonishment. Beta took off her shades and without hesitation, took Derringer’s trembling hand, and crossed her Rubicon.
“I know that you have your public image, and I will defer to it. ‘The Dominator’. I will be your trophy, and your weaker half to the outside world. But in the boardroom, and in the bedroom, I will dominate. Those are my terms.”
Beta kicked off her shoes, and walked barefoot down to the pond’s edge. Derringer sat stupefied, totally pole-axed by the turn of events. His glazed and unbelieving eyes followed Beta, who waded along the shore. The sun reflected from her glossy black hair and the shimmering little ripples that chased the fleeing ducks across the water.

Beta agreed to spend the night at Derringer’s estate, in the guesthouse. They drove separately; Derringer in his Humvee, and Beta in her Camry. They drove up Sand Hill Road to Portola Valley Road, where the back road to Derringer’s Chateau was located. Beta drove behind Pete, and at one stop, saw that he was on his cell phone, probably barking orders to his servants.
Derringer chose the back entrance because the road ran through a beautiful stand of redwoods that changed to oaks, manzanita, and madrone. A little dry creek ran alongside the track. The road then rose up to a ridge top, and Beta held her breath as she took in the view. She could see all the way down to the bay. The Stanford Linear Accelerator was away to the left, along with a stone formation that rose from the fields, resembling a miniature Ayers Rock. The afternoon heat shimmered in waves, as hawks circled on thermals. Beta was enchanted.
Derringer hopped out of his Humvee to unlock an old cattle gate that crossed the road.
“This is the back of the vineyards,” Derringer shouted to Beta. “Sometimes my neighbor’s horses bust loose and come down here.”
They moved the vehicles forward, and Derringer closed the gate. He hopped back in the Humvee, and led the way down the switchback. The Chateau was up ahead.

The guesthouse was actually the pool house, which sat opposite the main mansion with the pool, and inner courtyards in-between the two structures. Behind the pool house was a tennis court, and beyond that, were the stables covered with ivy, honeysuckle, and blackberry. A maid led Beta inside the guesthouse, and showed her the amenities. Beta thanked her, and asked her name.
“Maria, madame.”
“I’m just plain Beta. Just call me Beta.”
“I mustn’t. Senor Derringer—”
“Say no more, Maria. Entiendo. No se preocupe.”

Dinner was served out by the pool, under a veranda. It was a warm evening. Derringer had changed to more casual attire: t-shirt, shorts, and sandals. Beta wore a long white sleeveless gown, and was barefoot. Derringer thought that she looked just like a goddess. Maria served a tender veal, fettuccini, and salad, but Beta declined the wine, and instead asked for water.
“I can’t, I don’t drink,” she told Derringer, who nodded.
“I can’t drink, either. What do you make of that?”
Beta shrugged. “I have an addictive personality. I’ve only recently admitted it to myself.”
When Maria cleared the plates, Beta said: “Gracias, María. La cena fue excelente.”
Derringer exclaimed, “You know the lingo? I should have known.”
“Yo estoy aquí para domar a Maese Pedro,” Beta said with a laugh.
(I am here to tame the Master Peter.)
Maria’s face remained expressionless as she poured some more water, before quickly retreating to the safety of the house.
Derringer frowned as he drummed his fingers on the glass tabletop.
“OK, Blue Eyes. Let’s talk turkey. You ask too much. Do you think I’m just a lovesick simpleton? Can’t you come back halfway with me? Listen, I know we would make a great pair, a fantastic union! You can have anything you desire, I will see to it. Please see it from my side.”
“I don’t think that you are a simpleton, Pete. And love has nothing to do with it.” Beta rose from the table. “Let’s sit over there, on the lawn.”
Beta walked over and sat on the grass, with her gown spread around her. Twilight deepened, and crickets chirped all around them.
“Come on over, Peter.”
Beta beckoned, and Derringer came and sat down beside her.
“Lay down, Pete, and put your head in my lap.”
Derringer hesitated, and then did as he was told. His body trembled uncontrollably, as the demon insectoids raised a din inside his head. Beta sensed his inner struggle, and ran her fingers through his hair.
“I know how hard this is for you, Pete. Relax, relax.”
Derringer struggled to reply, but Beta said, “Shush!”
A number of minutes went by quietly, and Derringer did settle down. A few stars could be seen above the brown haze on the horizon. Beta hummed, absently. Peter breathed easier, and closed his eyes. The insectoids behind his eyeballs returned to their state of hibernation, as Beta softly sang a lullaby.

Beta and Derringer did not get intimate that night. When Beta retired to the pool house, Derringer repaired to his chambers with a confused mind and a whole lot to think about. What Bronski was proposing… was ridiculous! In return for Beta’s hand, she wanted him to surrender complete control of the corporation to her, as part of the prenuptial agreement! Bronski wanted to dismantle the whole show! An economic crash was coming, she told him, and only she could prevent him from losing everything, but she would not divulge her inside information on any of this until after the prenuptial was signed! Bitch! Derringer knew that she was really thick with the Big G, and had access to the top of the information chain, but this was all so ridiculous!
Knowing that he couldn’t sleep, he went outside to bedroom balcony, and sat in the moonlight. The night was still and hot, and he waited stoically for the insectoids to make their noisy return, but they remained silent. Beta had driven them away, at least for the evening. Peter actually dozed for a bit, until the night’s silence was interrupted by the sound of a splash, down in the pool. Derringer opened his eyes, and looked down to see a dim figure swimming about in the dark waters. For the next ten minutes or so, Beta floated around the pool on her back, as Derringer watched her from his perch, mesmerized.
(I want her. I want her more than anything in the world. I must have her, nothing else matters! I need to know what she knows, I need to know!)
Beta came out of the pool, and stood naked in the dim moonlight. Looking up to Peter’s balcony, she caught his eye, and they stared at each other silently for a long timeless moment before she turned and walked back into the pool house, towel over her shoulder. The spell was broken.
(You win, woman. Bog help me, you win.)
Derringer went back into his room, and flopped down onto his bed. He fell asleep almost instantly, grateful that the insectoids did not return to taunt him. He slept deeply, and if he dreamed, he did not remember any the next morning.

The next morning at breakfast, Derringer offered the white flag. Beta did not mock him with a victory smile.
“I shall cleave to you, and you to me.”
Peter shivered. How could he respond to that? Anything he would say would sound silly, or stupid. Beta spoke to break the silence.
“This is what we must do. Call all of your lawyers and money managers. We have much to do, and it all must be airtight. Time is running out.”
“What’s going on, Beta? I know who your partner is, up there at the Grove.”
“I will be shut of him, this week. I didn’t pick him, Peter. If there is such a thing as evil personified, he is it. He killed Mark Diller, and a lot of other people. He has, or did have, the power of the United States Government behind him. He is still more dangerous than you could ever imagine, and has many friends and contacts in the hidden and secret agencies… he knows where all the bodies are buried, and he still has the power to squash you, or anyone else from the Consortium, just like a bug. He is a sick, evil paranoid. But for some unfathomable reason, he has taken quite a shine to me.”
Beta smiled. “He has actually made me his heir, I swear to God.”
“Heir? To what? The Grove?”
“No, something much better. He has given me the map to the elephant’s graveyard, and the key to all knowledge—stick with me, Pete, and you will at least keep a few of your billions intact. So will Boffin Syznic. But most of the players are going down, and we will watch from the bleacher seats!”

It took three days of intense, tearful sessions with the lawyers to finalize the deal. Derringer had to fire his main attorney, and punch out another. In the end, it was done. The pre-nup was signed, and a sum of ten million dollars was transferred to an anonymous account in the Cayman Islands.
On August 8, Beta met with Cocoa Brown for the last time, in a motel room in Menlo Park. Brown opened her attaché case, and a pistol spilled out, right onto the bed.
“Shit!” Cocoa quickly put it out of sight. “Don’t worry, safety’s on.”
She pulled out a manila envelope.
“So you ‘n Derringer are movin’ forward. You two set a date yet?”
Beta grinned, and took the envelope. “Tomorrow night.”
“Well, me ‘n the Gog wish you all the best.”
“Am I really done with him, Brown?”
“Absolutely, child. You can go about your business without growing eyes in the back of your head. I handle Gog’s affairs these days. We are done with you, ‘n wish you well. We’re goin’ to leave this country, ‘n find a nice tropical hideout. Gog’s only got a few years to live, maybe even less, ‘n he can smell the coffee. His government pension is way too small for him to continue his current lifestyle, ‘n besides, they’ve frozen it, anyways! He’ll miss the Grove, but we’ll be alright.”
“Will they really let you and Gog go, Brown?”
“We shall see, girl, we shall see. Right now everybody’s layin’ low, watchin’ ‘n waitin’. We’ll be fine.”
“Thanks for everything, Brown.”
“No, no, no—thank you, Beta Bronski!”
Cocoa Brown stuck out her hand, and Beta took it.
The Great Wheel was turning, and Beta Bronski was now riding on the lead pony of the merry-go-round.

57: Gutter Ball

August 8, The White House
An SS man escorted M. Walker Piltdown (Magog) downstairs to the White House bowling alley, which was cleared of off-duty staffers enjoying a few frames.
President Phillip Hammer (SS codename: Thor) waved him over, as he rolled a few practice balls. Magog sat himself down in one of the booths, and declined the offer of a few free throws. After rolling a gutter ball, Thor laughed, and threw up his hands. Wiping his brow as he sat down next to Magog, the President accepted a beer from an SS man; Magog did not. Thor wiped beer foam from his upper lip.
“Once again, I call upon your wisdom and experience, my old friend. You read the dispatch from the Grove, right?”
“Yes, Mr. President,” replied Magog, “None of us saw any of this coming. How can I help?”
“I need your expertise and advice, oh wise one,” said Thor. “Let’s see if we can contain this mess, before it blows everything wide open. I understand that you have consulted with Wintergren?”
“Yes, sir. At length.”
“Good, good. Let me tell you what I have been briefed on.”
Thor paused to scan a printout, produced from his pocket.
“Back on July 29, I received GROVE MASTER’S report, concerning COWBOY’S disturbing actions involving unauthorized sanctions and civil rights violations, among other things. These are serious matters, my friend, and can lead to scrutiny and investigations. This Indigo business HAS come back to bite us in the ass. Are you in agreement with me so far, Magog?”
“Yes sir.”
“Good man. I know that you are concerned for your son, but he will have to be dealt with, one way or another. As for the Grove Master, he almost got away with his treachery and treason, if it wasn’t for—”
“Senator Prescott.” Magog did his best to hide the contempt in his voice.
“Yes. ODIN’s account is totally credible, and corresponds with the conclusions of our investigation. Alas for Gog!”
Magog had no comment about the Senator’s imprisonment, and Thor dropped the matter, for the time being.
“OK, Magog. Summarize the situation for me, as you see it.”
“Yes, sir. Let’s start with the MOLE. The Indigo problem will certainly be blamed on Cowboy, because the Big G is on record, under oath, denouncing the program. The Cowboy at this moment, is still under house arrest. He won’t speak to me, or any of the investigators. Gog insists in his report that the Cowboy acted without authorization, and that Gog did NOT order the sanctions of the civilians in question. The evidence points out that at least in these matters, the Big G is telling the truth, sir. Damage control is firmly in place. The ‘official’ story is that STONER CHILD died from a stroke, brought on by extreme substance abuse. Why should we, or anyone else, dispute the Coroner’s findings? In the case of the crooked FDA official, well, he was killed resisting arrest, and the DEA Agent SILVERGIRL was unfortunately caught in the crossfire.”
The President and Magog chuckled at the irony of that one. Silvergirl had been a walking timebomb, and was just about to be removed anyway, at the time of her tragic and untimely death.
“As for CASANOVA, the official police and medical examiner’s reports conclude that he committed suicide. Once again, who are we to question their findings?”
Thor nodded sadly. “THE PUSHER isn’t buying the suicide angle. Casanova was his man. Will the Pusher look our way for the blame?”
Magog shook his head. “Wintergren suggests that the Pusher will blame the DOMINATOR. There is bad blood between the two. Citing lack of data, Wintergren has no further opinion on the matter of Casanova’s suicide. Personally, I believe that the Big G ordered the hit.”
“What about the civilian, VERONICA?”
“Although she was originally recruited by the Cowboy, it appears that she was actually being run by the Grove, right under Cowboy’s nose, although a few analysts have proposed that she was actually working for JACKRABBIT.”
“What do you think of that, Magog?”
“Only unwittingly, Mr. President. The MOLE tipped off Stoner Child’s Indigo status to Jackrabbit. A tangled web, sir. As for Veronica, she was just along for the ride. Wintergren feels that she now is leaning on the Dominator. Leaning with extreme prejudice, sir.”
“Shall we arrest her?”
“Let her go, sir. She is only an innocent civilian, and I think she can be safely thrown back into the pool. Now that the Master of the Grove is being recalled, I do not expect any trouble from her.”
“Which brings us to the subject of the OtherNet.”
“Yes, sir. After extensively analyzing currently available data, Wintergren has concluded that the Jackrabbit is pouring millions into the scheme, and suggests that we beef up our surveillance, and be ready to move in to prevent it from being implemented. That was Cowboy’s opinion, if you will recall. I concur with that view, sir. Gog could not see what was right in front of his eyes, and he dropped the ball.”
“Well, that goes for all of us, oh wise one—I for one, do not have the smarts at analyzing Wintergren’s rather detailed and extensive reports! In hindsight, one wonders where we would be if Cowboy had not had been granted at least limited access to Wintergren?”
“Cowboy… is a man of action, and not of contemplation. Rules are rules, Mr. President. Only you, me, and the Big G, by the grace of the Senate, have full privileges to consult with Wintergren.”
“I know, I know! Rules and regulations! To think that I… well, never mind! Let us move on. What shall we do about the Third Eye Patch, and the Table Foundation? What do we do with this writer fellow, and that redhead hussy?”
“Continued surveillance and harassment, sir. Let’s turn this matter over to the DHS. Let the GRASSHOPPER sweat a little… Maybe our friends in the Media can still discredit them with ridicule, etc. Obstruct the distribution of this patch contraption. Help promote Dominator’s copycat product…”
“The Government cannot be implicated, Magog.”
“Of course. Sir, concerning my son. He was right about the OtherNet. I believe that if you give him another chance, under my supervision…”
Thor sighed, and took a healthy swig of beer.
“Both of us know that he won’t survive even one week in Federal Prison.”
Magog did not respond to that one, and the President continued.
“If you come out of retirement, and help me clean up this spill, I’ll let the matter of Cowboy slide. Maybe we can let the Grove Master take the fall for Cowboy’s um, indiscretions…”
Magog smiled for the first time.
“I serve at the pleasure of my President, sir.”
“Alright. With Senator Prescott back on the scene, I will make a deal with him on your conformation. In return, I will give him some grease on the upcoming Defense Appropriations Bill. It’s ironic…”
“Sir?”
“Cowboy was right about the OtherNet, and Gog was correct in promoting the Dominator, in order to keep the Pusher’s power in check… So, we will continue on that course of action. We will throw our full support behind the Dominator, and GOD DAMN the PUSHER MAN! —So be it.”
Thor stood and shook Magog’s hand. “Thanks for coming in. I’ll be talking to you, very soon.”
On the way out, Magog reflected that the President did not dwell on the matter of the Mole, and his silence was his safe way of making sure that some things were done, as a matter of course, without words being said. The Mole had to be found, and killed, as soon as possible.

58: Marsha Portrero's Blues

From Marsha Portrero's Journal, August 11
Well, I'm back home, safe and sound and none too worse for wear, although I wish I could say the same for my videocam, which was snatched out of my hands and smashed to pieces by a grinning stormtrooper. So much for being a member of 'The Press'. Bastards! Just another, ho-hum, riot on Telegraph Avenue, no big deal.
The ‘riot’ was instigated by a group of savvy opportunists who infiltrated and hijacked a peaceful demonstration organized by a gentle, well-behaved group known as ‘The Friends Of David Cross’. 
The late David Cross and I go way back. We first met when I served on the Berkeley City Council. Notorious, charismatic and handsome, David always cut a dashing figure around town, tooling about in his gold Corvette. (My good friend Jennifer Morgan enjoyed a certain air of ‘outlaw’ notoriety as well.)
Who cares if he enjoyed a bowl of cannabis after a long day in court? The bastards and bitches in the mainstream media are STILL running stories about his 'out of control' drug use, and his 'connections' to the Bonny Black Prince, and scary shadowy organizations such as 'The OtherNet' and the 'Northern California Cyber Underground'.
God, I am sick to death of them and may they all burn in Hell—and I'm an atheist!
Let's return to today's demonstration by the Friends of David Cross. I arrived early to interview this 'subversive' group and to find a perch so I could video the event. Man-oh-man, did those poor kids get the bum's rush! The demonstration started out peacefully enough, but word spread quickly, and the anarchists and rowdies gathered to crash the party. Things quickly got out of control, and a gang of hooligans (inspired by the UK’s ‘Bonny Black Prince’) began to break windows (some of the businesses on Telegraph had not yet replaced their windows from the last riots, leaving the plywood barriers in place, for prudence’ sake). The riot squads appeared as if by magic, and the fun began. Now it was the pigs time to shine. They busted my camera, but I got off lucky. Someone began to throw Molotov cocktails, and as I ran for my life, the smoke rose and drifted up and away into the Berkeley hills.

NCC NewsWire: RIVAL GANG MELEE SPARKS ‘MINI RIOT’ IN BERKELEY
A ‘Peace Meeting’ between two rival motorcycle gangs at a Telegraph Avenue bar, turned into a wild melee that spilled out into the street and sparked a what police called a ‘mini-riot’, which was quickly brought under control by a Berkeley PD SWAT squad, which fortunately was a few blocks away participating in a ‘preparedness drill’. Twenty-five supporters of the so-called 'Bonny Black Prince' were arrested, mainly for ‘Hooliganism’ and defacement of private property, said a police spokesperson.

DAVID CROSS COVERUP CENSORED BY MAINSTREAM MEDIA 
by Marsha Portrero (The Eco-Tittler)
This is becoming a regular feature in The Eco-Rag these days: My (some say never-ending) bitch and rant about the Media’s total blackout on ANY mention of the Federal Government's involvement (and coverup) in the suspicious death of David Cross, well-known activist and attorney for the Berkeley-based Table Foundation. Hopefully, the upcoming Congressional Hearings scheduled to convene after the fall mid-term elections will shed more light on this important story, because it needs to be heard by the American People. Meanwhile, the mainstream media continues to pursue Excellence in Creative Writing 101. Take for example NCC NewsWire's report regarding the latest riot (ho-hum) earlier today (in Beserkely, of course). Plenty of juicy, sexy, bullshit about the so-called 'Bonny Black Prince', but absolutely NO mention was made of the group ‘The Friends Of David Cross’, a small but vocal group that asks serious, valid, and legitimate questions, such as:
Why had Cross been under Government surveillance, and why was he considered to be a threat to ‘National Security?
Why were the police summoned to Cross’ residence the night before his death?
Why was Cross’ body rushed for cremation before an independent observer could be present at his autopsy?
Why are Mr. Cross' medical records still under seal?
Would the Government care to respond to these questions?
I have interviewed members of this group, and I can assure you all that ‘The Friends Of David Cross’ are totally nonviolent, and I guess that makes them un-newsworthy. As for the ‘Mini-Riot’, there was NO biker gang-fight, PLEASE! The only 'truth' in the mainstream accounts is the fact that the 'rowdies' and 'anarchist' assholes, direct from central casting, hijacked the show, as usual. Get the facts, folks, and spread the word!
Book 12 Realignment

59: Correspondence, Love Letters, and Close Encounters (August 1-30)
(Part 1)

From Jennifer Morgan, to all: Thanks everybody, but stop! It’s nothing to be proud of! It was like shooting ducks in a barrel, and I’m quite embarrassed (and ashamed?) how easy it was. Enough! Anyway, it looks like I’ll be staying on for a little longer in Gotham. I’m swamped for interviews and appearances on cable talk shows. But mainly I’m staying on so I can record a few sides with the Hermes Quartet. I wanted them to come out to CA, but Mohammed (the keyboard player) starts classes at NYU, and Bing has his business, here in NYC. So I’m delaying my return to CA for one more week. I can’t wait to get back to the Hideout! Bye for now.

Abbryggdd Guru@Yak to all:
I am in the thick of the data provided by ‘V’, and it keeps on getting better and better. A lot of this cannot be shared right now for security reasons, but hopefully will be unveiled at the Congressional Hearings, scheduled sometime after the mid-term elections. This stuff is vital. Here is some de-classified material, according to ‘V’.
(Several paragraphs omitted)
On a ‘lighter’ note, how about this one, gang?
The pyramid on the dollar bill is the financial system that has no national borders, identities, or ideologies. Each one of its three sides represents a distinct, compartmentalized aspect of the Beast…
ComCo is only one third of the trinity of the Military-Industrial-Pharma Complex. ComCo (otherwise known as ‘The Consortium’) covers the Communications, Cultural, and Pharma wings of the infrastructure.
PowerCo represents the Energy, Agriculture, and Scientific Engineering Sector. It’s vast, to say the least.
DeathCo, of course, is the nickname of the massive Arms, and Space industries. (Peter Derringer has big dreams of establishing himself in their company.)
The EYE in the pyramid is The Government, who sees all, and rules with an iron but ‘benevolent’ fist.
The whole structure of the Pyramid (HedgeCo) is the Financial System that props up the whole: Selected banks and brokerage houses overseen by a few inbred Northern European families over the last two or three hundred years.
All of these entities are interlocked with sticky webs and strings in a death-grip, a living, breathing, putrid, three-headed monster!
It is my private opinion (this is Guru speaking, not ‘V’) that if we can bring down the Consortium, the others may fall, in unison. The Patch and the OtherNet are the spear-tips in the campaign.

Lori@YakMail to EKlein@YakMail: 
I hope all is well up in Ashland. I'd love to take a week off and check out some plays, but I'm too busy, alas. Thanks for inquiring about Boffin's health. All of us down here are keeping a closer eye on him since those, ahem, subhumans almost choked him to death. Mimi, Rem, the security crew, and myself have just finished a crash course in emergency procedures, conducted by Boffin's personal physician. By the way, Axelrod Jones and Bailey Jamison are helping me set up my own security, and I'm learning a lot. Anyway, I am currently searching for a larger facility for my ongoing Patch tests. Jenny has offered me the use of Morgan Park (too small) and as for her beloved 'hideout' in the hills, I'm house-sitting there for a few more weeks, as you may have heard. Jenny has once again postponed her return to California.
Let's get down to serious business! As we wait for the P3 Patch to be released, I have been collecting all available data and input on any noticeable effects concerning P2. Remember our chat, E, before you left? Without diverging any, ahem, intricate details, you did agree to share with me any relevant observations on the possible effects of carnal, emotional and/or spiritual enhancement and awareness, especially if shared by both parties. I (of course) will be discreet and professional. Do you have anything yet to report in that department?
— Lori

EKlein@YakMail to Lori@YakMail:
Thanks for the family news! Ashland is just fantastic, although it's much bigger and more touristy than it used to be. We've settled in nicely, trying to get some work done, and are managing to have a little fun, while we are at it.
As for your request, I'm sending you some personal observations of my own (see attachment) for your research. Make sure that you remember to thank me when you receive your Nobel Prize! Now, as for general observations, I have noticed heightened bursts of synchronicity in moments of stress and pleasure. I can't put my finger on it—it's like a hummingbird's wings—sounds crazy, right? Anyway I don't necessarily FEEL any different, at least when I consciously think about it. No dream activity to report on my part, although Mike dreams nearly every night! He promises to write his own report (right!) but he says he's too busy at the moment, which is a real crock, because he's right outside in the yard, practicing on his new guitar. (I think he's a little embarrassed!) 
Bye for now, E.

From Guru A's real-time streaming YakBlog: 
What’s this? OK, Marsha, who's your mole? Wait, on second thought, don't tell me! OK, here we go, direct from a 'friend' in Senator Prescott’s office:
Peter Derringer’s long rumored ‘super weapon’ has been unveiled, and is ready for production. Get this: Dubbed ‘Sauron’, ‘tis an air-to-surface laser weapon which can be aimed at individual targets (soft or hard) and be used like a giant magnifying glass to explode the target from space. You heard me right, Outer Space! Drones will no longer be necessary for military purposes. A fleet of 10 satellite platforms will be required to monitor and scan every square inch of the planet (natch). Additional satellites will be needed as ‘aggressive shields’ to guard the weapons platforms from attack. All operations will be controlled from one centalized (secret) location. To quote from the leaked source:
“Witnesses nearby would be horrified as the target, possibly even in the middle of a conversation, would suddenly grow a giant red and black boil upon their face and with a Sizzle-Poof! have their upper extremity blown into smithereens. Sauron could be most demoralizing to insurgents, undesirables, troublemakers, etc. Prescott’s allies in the Pentagon are thrilled, and lobbyists are pushing various undecided Senators hard, in an all-out campaign. The contract, if approved, will cost the taxpayers an estimated 17 billion dollars, of which 7 billion, will go into Mackeyville-McCool’s coffers.”
The leak concludes: “A few tips of the cigar to the Consortium’s lobbying group, PorkCo, which will receive a $100 million gratuity, if the Appropriations Bill passes the Senate.”
Thought you all might like to know. 
Peace and Love, this is Guru A, signing out. Back to you, Marsha.

The Great Eye sees all, but knows nothing. Ever wise and omnipresent, and ever oblivious and stupid. The Great Ouroboros, eating his own tail.
 —Boffin Syznic

(We're back. Hey, Guru—have you heard the latest? Beta Bronski married Peter Derringer (!) in a private ceremony at his swanky chateau. No Press or family members attended, we are told, although it's rumored that Slade Robertson (StartUps Coffee CEO) stood in as best man. (I wonder who gave the bride away—maybe Sir William Gallows?) No further comment from me at this time, but the word is already out today on something very interesting: Mackeyville Anti-Virus has just announced that they will give full refunds to all customers who have subscribed for the service in the last calendar year. Mackeyville, in other words, is kaput, possibly because a certain free application is spreading like wildfire? Get this: Derringer has actually paid off his shareholders, and has settled his long-fought litigation with Bob Knobbler and MacroEye. The markets are reacting. This is absolutely hardcore, and it makes me wonder… did Beta Bronski have anything to do with this? My spies are trying to get more info…)

CONSORTIUM TO MEET IN EMERGENCY POW-WOW
by Marsha Portrero (The Eco-Tittler)
The inside word is that the heavies of ComCo are to scheduled to converge at a hastily arranged strategy session, on Sept. 1 at Maldonado’s Winery, in Los Gatos. This follows what is now being called ‘The Mackeyville Massacre’ and ‘Derringer’s Doomsday’. Consortium chairman Sir William Gallows, arriving in San Francisco from his vacation home in Los Angeles, had no official comment. But he did have a number of words to favored pet reporters ‘off the record’. These comments cannot be confirmed, but they generally implied that Gallows was ‘extremely concerned about Peter Derringer’s mental health’.
Other ‘concerns’ surely to be discussed: PerryPharm’s market slide last week, and MacroEye’s precarious position, based on its unholy alliance/dependence on the integrity of Mackeyville Virus Protection, the de-facto application on (estimated) half of all computers, worldwide.
There is also some bad blood between the Eyelid and Phil Hardrive of GIGGLE, over Bob Knobbler’s new EyeBot, a revamped version of his Conquistador search engine.
Last but not least, the lawsuit by Ed Smutz of NoseBook against Shirley Bender’s rapidly rising social network Twattle.
More later on this developing story…

NCC NEWSWIRE: MACRO EYE LID STOCK SURVIVES MACKEYVILLE SCARE; PROPPED UP BY STRONG PERFORMANCE OF NEW EYEBOT SEARCH ENGINE; GIGGLE SHAKY, BUT HOLDS FIRM AT WALL ST. CLOSING

COPYCAT PATCH RIP-OFFS ANNOUNCED BY BRONSKI-DERRINGER INDUSTRIES (Formerly Mackeyville-McCool)
by Marsha Portrero (The Eco-Tittler)
Well, it’s official: Peter Derringer has entered the Patchsphere with the ‘Spartan Strip’ (for men) which is described as a ‘non-pharma, all-natural male enhancement and wellness app', applied to the forehead, similar to Boffin Syznic’s Third Eye Patch. According to Dr. Lori Dryer, lead researcher for the 3EP, the Spartan Strip is “an inadequately tested re-working of the Patch, with an algorithm programmed to stimulate testosterone production, which could be dangerous to individuals with heart problems or high blood pressure.”
Dr. Dryer had no comment on the Strip’s companion product, designed by Beta Bronski-Derringer, exclusively for women, dubbed ‘Lady Joy Fashion Headbands’.
“Caution is strongly urged before using any of these ill-advised products,” Dr. Dryer told this reporter in a telephone interview. “The Third Eye Patch is still your best choice, on the road to wellness.”

60: Confession Booth

August 20, My Next Life HQ, Bathhouse Bay, S.F.
YakText / Phrogg Bervirt / Steve Shank

“FLINTH ALERT! User Nigel73’s scheduled confession is in two log-ins!”
“I’ll be there early, Phrogg. It’s time for Nigel Flinth to face his own private customized hardcore Armageddon. And since Jade is out of town with her mother, it’s just you and me. Let’s order a pizza, and do it stag tonight.”
“Roger, and out, Mr. S.”

Nigel Flinth’s current life was one of a rabbit. He was firmly in bondage to Sir William Gallows, and staying on His Lordship’s good side had become a walk on a tight-rope, a real nightmare. The Great Man had been acting very unstable since that disastrous television debate. The bodies were starting to pile up, and the slower and unwitting members of Sir William’s inner circle were feeling his wrath. And that would not do. If Nigel could only do the right thing by Sir William, perhaps his one good deed might turn into the one trick pony that he could ride all the way into a luxury estate in Cheshire, laughing all the way. But this dream ticket to ride could only come with a price: Full acknowledgment and acceptance of the inconvenient truth that he was a pawn and minion of evil forces, and working for the enemies of Freedom. Nigel Flinth was in fact, a journalistic fraud, not to mention a real heel and a coward to boot. What to do? In addition to his total hardcore fear of Sir William, his reunion with Shankers after all those years, had opened up old feelings of guilt and self-loathing. Shankers, indeed, had been his only friend and protector back in his lonely school days. When he later turned on Shank (after the infamous Roundhouse Gig) Nigel’s career took off, and he never looked back—not until now.
Meanwhile, it was time for his daily dose of My Next Life. The newly revamped website was up and running, and Nigel, having been ‘born again’, once and for all time, found himself swallowed up whole into the shining, blinding light. And although he told himself it was all just a lark and bloody good fun, deep down, a little fire had been lit in his murky subconscious. Nigel Flinth was a man who stood on the brink of salvation, or eternal damnation.

The angel with the sword stood before him, but access to the game was denied. A box popped up on the screen, containing a blank scroll and an ink quill. Suddenly a Voice boomed out from the computer’s puny speakers, a Voice of Authority and Power. Nigel almost crapped in his pants!
“User Nigel73, you have reached Pre-Nirvana 6 (Limbo). You are restricted from moving to on to the next higher level, until you pass evaluation. You have been sanctioned to take part in a Confessional, scheduled for your next log-in. Your life has been one of grave sins and harmful behavior, and up to now you have been allowed to flourish, Scot free of any karmic payment for your callous ignorance of the pain of others. You have hurt people in the past, haven’t you, Mr. Flinth?”
Nigel could not believe his eyes, and ears. Floating on the screen was a cursor and a document by which to reply to the Angel. He had to now choose whether to continue and see what this “Confessional” might entail, or simply shut down and ignore the whole matter until the next log-in. That, for the moment, was his choice. Nigel closed out, and sat back dumbly. The panic had not set in, but he knew that he had to face the music this very night, but at that very moment it was time to have a drink—or three.

The two angels peered down into Nigel’s world from their lofty perch.
“Hello, Nigel,” muttered Gabriel.
“Wait a minute,” said Lucifer, “he’s not logging in! Oh, bugger, I don’t think he bought it!”
“Don’t you worry laddie, he’ll be back for the bait, next log-in. I’m sure that he went down to the bar for a few shots of courage, and maybe a pathetic attempt to log one more sorry-ass ‘GoodDeed’ for his tally sheet. We may have to wait an hour. So what? We have all the time in the universe! Flinth has to answer for his past crap and all-around bad karma, for this is personal.”
Gabriel unfolded a printout from his robe. “Courtesy of the Grasshopper Sage, who has been very helpful, regarding all of this Pearly Gate claptrap. Dig this:
I Am a Jealous God, but I am also a Merciful God, so I am going to send Mr. Flinth on a pilgrimage of penance. Into the pit. A diabolical cabal of operatives in service of the Dark One, otherwise known as ‘The Consortium’, sit at the pinnacle of Earthly Power and Privilege, dedicated to the destruction of Truth, Beauty and Freedom. This coven of evil must be exposed, and Nigel is the one that I have chosen to do this deed. Everlasting blessings and praise await him, if he succeeds in this task. Nigel will be shown the Scroll of Fallen Angels, a list that has been kept hidden from the sleeping public. I shall send him into the midst of this cartel, like a sheep among the wolves. He shall not fail…”
“Horrorshow,” said Lucifer.
The angels gazed at the swirling mists of Paradise on the monitor’s screen.
“Nigel dreams of doing the right thing, but only if he is recognized and remembered for it. He so dearly wants to be part of the story, just as long as he survives with his skin and his reputation intact. Respect and Glory, and maybe a Pulitzer or even a Nobel Prize!”
Both angels laughed at the absurdity of it.
“So much for the State of Journalism. Rodents like Nigel Flinth feel they can walk into anyone’s life and say and do whatever the hell they want, and blame it on the public’s right to know, yadda yadda yadda. Well, little Sir Nigel, it’s time for payback. —Here is the dreaded ‘Scroll Of Fallen Angels’, courtesy of the saintly Guru. Don’t burn your fingers.”
Gabriel handed Lucifer a yellow file pad on which he had written down the names of the top ranking figures of the Consortium. Lucifer scanned down the page, trailing his index finger.
Peter Derringer, CEO of Mackeyville-McCool Inc.
Fister Perry, PerryPharm
Slade Robertson, StartUps Coffee
Ed Smutz, NoseBook
Phil Hardrive, GIGGLE
Shirley Bender, Twattle
Bob and Loretta Knobbler, MacroEye
Sir William Gallows, Gallows Media Ltd.
Thaddeus Spinner, NCC News
At the bottom of the list was Beta Bronski with a question mark (?) after her name. Gabriel smiled. “These are the demons that we want Nigel to investigate.”
Lucifer whistled between his teeth.
A delivery pizza arrived, and the angels set about consuming it with gusto. Gabriel would have liked a beer to go along with it, but he wasn’t quite ready to drink with his daughter’s bedmate, not just yet! The night was still young. Patience, patience. In the meantime, Gabriel regaled young Lucifer with the latest gossip, fresh in from the Eco-Tittler: Beta Bronski-Derringer had been spotted with Peter at Mackeyville-McCool’s Palo Alto Lab and Office Complex. They were on hand to pass out checks and severance packages, for a number of employees.

“Tell me a story, Uncle Shankers, please…!”
“Very well, Pippin. Once upon a time, there was a dark, dank, and dirty city known as London Town, where there lived a little boy named Nigel, and another little boy named Stephen.”
Actually, both Shank and Flinth were in their twenties, when the events in this tale unfolded. Her Majesty’s Government had made a deal with the Devil, it seems. In return for services vital to the Cold War Effort, a notorious, vicious gang of killers known as the Danko Brothers, were given asylum and protection in the city of London. For many years this was kept secret from citizens of the realm, such as Nigel, Shankers, and almost everybody else. It was a shameful abomination of justice. The Danko Brothers ran East London like they had run East Moscow. Some local operators started to end up dead: nightclub owners, pimps, good-time girls, and dope dealers, for the most part. The Metro Police, and Scotland Yard didn’t seem to mind.
A local thug began his rise, and became a hero of sorts. William Gallows began to forge alliances and consolidate power. Having had the run of the East End club scene for a few years, the Dankos made their move into the West End. Gallows was around, and made himself useful. The Dankos took a shine to him, and Gallows feigned loyalty to lull them into his trust.
“Their notorious and foul partnership together is a whole ‘nother story, son. They flourished for a time, until William Gallows deemed all was ready. Then he made his move, and had the Danko Brothers taken down.”
The oldest brother, Mikhail, was blown to pieces, along with his Mercedes Benz. The second in line, Boris, was found later in a flat off Shaftsbury Avenue. He had been tied up and smothered inside a large dry-cleaning bag. The baby of the brothers, Nicolas, was found the next morning at dawn, sitting on a bench along the Chelsea Embankment. ‘Little Nicci’ was dressed up in silk lingerie, and had a long skinny darning needle protruding from his right nostril. Only a few drops of blood had stained his baby blue negligee.
The Danko Brothers’ reign of terror had come to an end. This had endeared Gallows to the Common People, and he eventually received his Knighthood as a result, with a wink and a nod. He had done Her Majesty’s Government a favor, and the whole dark affair went away, like it had never even happened.
But Gallows wasn’t finished. He began to take down a few people that Nigel knew fairly well, some being sources to his budding career as a crime reporter in the city.
There had been the harmless Muldoon Brothers, part of the Ecstasy scene. They disappeared right off the map and little was made of it in the press, or by local law enforcement, who seemed pleased. ‘Associates’ of William Gallows kidnapped the brothers, who were whacked in an East End warehouse. The goons were then executed in turn, by a second set of goons hired out of Swindon, 100 miles west of London. Or so the story went, whispered amongst Nigel’s contacts in the scene.
Why? Well, the Muldoon’s ‘patron’ was an American born trust-fund gouger by the name of Roger Plimsoul. Once, when a young William Gallows was serving a short stint in gaol, Plimsoul’s eviction of Gallows’ dear old Mum from her small traditional ceramics shop, Olde Priceless Treasures, had rubbed Gallows raw. With the elimination of the Muldoons, a not so subtle message had been sent to Plimsoul, who quickly fled the UK. Some years later, Plimsoul’s yacht was found drifting off Hyannis Port, minus Plimsoul.
You did not mess with a man like Gallows, the city learned, over time. William Gallows grew in stature, and influence. He ran the clubs and nightspots, and soon controlled a good chunk of the London music scene. Stephen Shank became a favorite, and his group DMZ went to the ‘top of the pops’. After hooking the band on heroin, he ripped them off, royally. Gallows reaped a fortune, and Shankers eventually fled (for his life) to the USA. Gallows proceeded to spread his wings and talons, and began to buy up record companies, newspapers and publishing houses. The rest is history. One fine day, Nigel Flinth found that Gallows had bought him out, along with every other journalist working in the greater London Scene. There was no discussion or negotiation. For some unfathomable reason, William had taken a shine to him, and Nigel became a mascot of sorts. With Gallows’ help, Flinth made a name for himself over the years, and became the first journalist to be granted an exclusive interview with the newly knighted Sir William Gallows.
“How do you know these things, Uncle Shankers, things that only Nigel would have in his head?”
“Well, any teller of tales worth their salt, takes things that are common knowledge and weaves them into the story subject’s perspective… besides, some of this Nigel told me himself, years ago when we were on speaking terms, before the infamous Roundhouse Gig.”

“We’ve got movement at the Gates, Sir!”
“Indeed. Here comes our little Nigel!”
Gabriel leaned forward, holding his cheat-sheet with adages of wisdom, courtesy of the Grasshopper Sage, at the ready.

When Nigel finished off three Molten Furies topped off with a hot coffee, he somehow made it to the elevators, and up to his room, where he logged back in to My Next Life. Once again the angel appeared in the center of the screen: He held a rolled up scroll in his left hand and a flaming sword in his right. The screen read: Confession Time. The Omnipresent Voice spoke, startling Nigel, once again.
“User Nigel73, you are now required to come to confession. There comes to everyone an accounting, and yours has arrived. Make your presence known to the Grand Inquisitor.”
The screen dissolved in a gloss of twinkles and re-emerged as the interior of a confessional booth, very spooky and realistic, mixed with typical vid-game graphics. It was a one-way illusion however, because on the other end of the picture, Gabriel and Lucifer sat at the Administrator’s Avocado console workstation in the loft at My Next Life Headquarters. Thanks to the one-way live cam, the angels could see the squirming Nigel, who couldn’t see nada but a confessional screen with vague lights and shapes behind it. Gabriel spoke into a microphone, fed through a signal processing system, similar to the ones used in witness protection real life crime documentaries. The Guru had come through with shining colors.
The Voice: “You must express your sins from the heart, User Nigel73. Tell me of anything which has burdened you and held you back from growing with the Holy Spirit.”
Nigel thought back. Before getting hooked on My Next Life, he had never been pressed to hold himself accountable for his actions, not only to himself but also to others. Good and Evil were antiquated terms, irrelevant and unnecessary in a universe of expanding gas and dark energy where life and spirit were flukes, puny in their irrelevance. Oh, there was the Church of England, or the Catholic Church and other faiths, but for millions of lost souls such as Nigel, those institutions were not acceptable options. Now that this Game existed, meek and anal scriveners like Nigel could flog themselves for every thought-crime and peccadillo. It certainly had nothing to do with ‘Salvation’. Or did it?
The angel had to be very careful here. It was no secret that Flinth was a coward, but Gabriel wanted to know what was the extent to which Flinth would dare to go—before his fear of Sir William would cause him to bolt. It was now time to see what Nigel Flinth was really made of, and to show his quality. Because sometimes it was Fear, and not Courage, that moved and shaped the great events in the world.
Nigel typed: “I am sorry (Father?) for I have sinned. My last confession was…” Nigel paused and tried to remember. It had been so long ago, back in boarding school, as a matter of fact. Oh bloody Bog, that old crotchety pervert Duckford Squeers had been the Headmaster of Ditheboys Hall in Yorkshire, but also did double-duty as the chaplain for the wretched school. Vicar Squeers had been a toothache of a man, requiring the boys to make Reconciliation (encouraged, but not required by the bloody C of E). Nigel shuddered at the memory of that old sadistic pervert laying his switch on Shankers, and many other of the boys, also.
The Angel interrupted his reveries.
“You were saying, UserNigel73?”
“Right! Oh bugger… my last confession was many years ago.”
“Proceed, you who are but flesh, a sinner and a worm.”

(Editor's note: Whether one is a person of faith or not, we the readers must (out of common courtesy) respect the confidentiality of the Confession Booth. Nigel's sins and penance are private matters between him and whatever it is that he calls his God, or significant Higher Power. Therefore, for purely ethical reasons, Nigel's breadcrumb sins cannot be revealed, in this forum. Let us now jump forward to the conclusion of Nigel's My Next Life Confessional, where once again, we are permitted to listen in.)

The Angel: “Thank you, wretched earthly worm. Do not forget that he who serves Humankind, also serves the One, the Great Scorekeeper, not only in My Next Life®, but in ALL LIVES that spin upon the Great Wheel. Lives that are competing with YOU in this race of all races. The final tally-score, of everlasting euphoria and salvation, is SO close, so very tight! Don't you want to finish this race with a Victory?”
Nigel paused for a good thirty seconds, before continuing.
“I will do anything I can do to find out more about these Consortium people, and help stop them with all of my ability.”
“Blessings to you, Nigel73! It is your fate—and privilege—to be the one who shines the Light of Truth to expose who these people really are and why they want so very much to keep this Patch from the Peoples of The Earth.”
“I will do my best, but I will be afraid.”
“Fear not! Think of the millions, no, BILLIONS that are counting on you, Nigel73. And do not forget that there IS someone ahead of you that has already passed through this very Confession Booth, someone who is on a spiritual mission of his own, the nature of what it is I cannot disclose. You have come this far, Seeker. See it through to the end of the race, and let the most worthy soul win! —Everlasting blessings of love and peace…”

Gabriel looked pleased, if not tired. “Our man Flinth will now be working both sides of the street.”
“Can we trust him, Daddy-o?”
“Totally? Absolutely not! We will have to dig for the truth, somewhere between the lines. Don’t forget, his next Confession is one week from today. That’s my department. Keep planting snares, traps, and temptations during his daily postings. Make him more jealous of Rex Andromedas, if that is possible. Use it!” Gabriel paused.
“By the way, don’t call me Daddy-o!”
Lucifer grinned. “Sorry, Chief.”
“I must send a YakMail to the Grasshopper Sage right away, and thank him for all his saintly help.”
Gabriel blew a kiss at the misty, heavenly gates. 
“Until the next time, my sweet Princeling Nigel, long live England!”

61: Piltdown Man

August 22
Thor staged the signing of the Defense Appropriations Bill in the Rose Garden. It was a beautiful, if not humid day in the Nation’s Capitol.
Wilbur Prescott was among the assorted Senators, Congressmen, and Pentagon types, who posed behind Thor as he signed the legislation with a flourish. Afterward, he spoke to the cameras about the bill’s benefits to the economy, and needed jobs. Thor personally thanked Senator Prescott, for his efforts to ensure the bill’s passage.
“Welcome back, Senator Prescott,” he said, to wide applause from the carefully selected crowd on hand. The Senator then hobbled over on his walker, and spoke forcibly about the growing threat from Iran. No mention was made of the Super Laser, and Peter Derringer, of course. (Also not mentioned was the last minute amendment tacked onto the bill (by Senator Prescott) entitled ‘The National Security and War Powers Act’ which granted the President unlimited ‘Emergency Powers’.)
Next up, Senator Beverly Baxter of California thanked Senator Prescott and the President on behalf of the people of California, for the needed jobs in the Golden State. Baxter was already a little looped, despite the early hour, and after a gesture from the President, the Secret Service pulled the plug on Baxter’s microphone.
Among those on hand for the signing ceremony, was M. Walker Piltdown (Magog), father of the disgraced F. Walker Piltdown, who at the moment was fuming back at home in Alexandria, Virginia. MW had been ratified by a slim majority vote in the Senate, as the new acting Director of the National Agency of Science and Technology. (Prescott voted no, but luckily the President had found enough votes.) Magog had come out of retirement to clean up the mess that Gog had allowed to happen on his watch.
During the homey barbecue on the south lawn, Thor caught Magog’s eye, and they held a private chat out of everybody’s earshot, thanks to the Secret Service agents. Prescott observed the conversation from a distance, with suspicion.
A little later, MW approached Prescott, who clearly did not want to chat.
“Dad, I need to talk to you, it’s important.”
Prescott whirled around.
“Stop calling me that, Piltdown.”
Prescott’s daughter Prudence had recently left MW after 55 years of marriage, and now was caring for the Senator. Feelings were pretty toxic, to say the least. MW, as always, kept his cool.
“Wilbur, the President has asked me to brief you, and to give you reassurances.”
“Say your piece, Piltdown.”
“Dad, I am flying out to California to arrest the Big G, and to assume my duties as MAGOG, Administrator of The Grove. I am going to clean up the mess Gog left behind, and settle all of this Syznic business.”
“Gog was your man, Piltdown. And your lunatic son went completely off the rails, and almost sank us all.”
“He’s your Grandson, Wilbur.”
Prescott then did a very strange thing. He spit between his fingers, and scored a direct hit on Magog’s shoes.
“Dad!”
“You knew that Gog had me doped up for months?”
“I had no idea, Dad. Listen, we all misjudged the man. After all, he advised six Presidents. We will do our best to bring him back, to answer all of our many questions.”
(Translation: He’s good as dead. No one’s going to see him around no more.)
The two men parted, and went their separate ways across the White House Lawn.

The Piltdowns, father and son, flew out of Andrews Air Force Base on a government flight, two hours later.
“Son, I know how you feel about me,” said MW, “but we must put all of that aside. I’m talking to you as MAGOG now. I need you, your country needs you, and the Master needs you now. The President is giving you another chance. Do you understand, son?”
“Yes, Dad—I mean, Magog, sir.”
“Thank you, Walker. Now after much thought and deliberation, the President has finally come around, and has given us the green light to crack the elusive OtherNet—provided that we move with extreme caution. Absolutely no screw-ups this time, because too much is at stake, and the Pyramid is fragile, so very fragile…”
Magog lowered his voice to a whisper. “Wintergren says that the President is most likely going to make his move against Iran very soon now. The Ruskies are too preoccupied with the Ukraine and the EU, and once again the Saudis are leaning hard on us, the ungrateful rag-heads! As you know, all of this has been in the works since Hammer's election two years ago, and he needs to settle all of his campaign debts with the good folks over at DeathCo, before the midterm elections. You know how the game is played on K Street! Now that the Defense Appropriations Bill has been signed into law, the war hawks are chomping at the bit, and are beginning to get a little restless and downright impatient. Grampa has convinced POTUS that a quick, tidy war with Iran will be just the thing we need to jump-start our stalled economy. The Senate will go along, although Wintergren says that the anti-war crowd will most likely rally behind Vice President Lasher and his allies in the House, and then watch out! Lasher, as you may recall, was selected as Thor's running mate primarily to sway independents, libertarians, and undecided voters, and most importantly, six, that's right, SIX electoral votes to ensure Hammer's victory. Politics! I'm staying out of this war business, mind you, because we need to concentrate solely on neutralizing the OtherNet. Now all of this war talk is still hush-hush, mind you, but Wintergren assures me that it's happening, son. The big question is not IF, but WHEN.”
FW shook his head in disgust. Grampa's escape from the Grove and his reemergence on Capitol Hill had set an avalanche in motion, the crazy old fool! FW, bloodthirsty as he was, disapproved of all this crazy war talk, and totally agreed with his father, at least on this one issue. The REAL enemy was lurking in the shadows, right here at home! Fools! Derringer the chicken hawk and that betraying bitch Beta Bronski were bound to make a killing, thanks to Grampa and his friends at DeathCo.
Bronski and that bullying buffoon are going to pay the piper, one fine day.
Magog took a sip of iced tea, and sighed heavily. “Let the fools pound away on their war drums! As for you and me, let's just concentrate on the primary mission, son. The OtherNet must be totally eviscerated as soon as possible, but before we tackle Syznic and his bunch, I do have a very important job for you, priority. Tomorrow morning, you are to lead the team that takes down the Big G—dead or alive. Your associates, Edwards and Richards are being flown in from their punishment assignments, and will be joining you on the raid.”
(Gog had exiled Edwards to Nome, Alaska, and Richards had been sent to the Bureau’s toilet, Panama City.)
“Son, I had a very unpleasant conversation with Grampa today, and I am sorry to say that he is very bitter and disillusioned. I have always gone out of my way to give him satisfaction, but he never has never forgiven me for the audacity of eloping with your mother, and disgracing the bloody Prescott family. The upstart Piltdowns! The old man is still demented and delusional, as a result of his surgery…”
Magog signaled to a man in a white doctor’s coat who was standing by, up near the jet’s galley. “It’s time for our shots, Walker.”
The ‘doctor’ approached with his black bag, and methodically prepared the hypos.
Afterward, father and son were silent for a while, and dozed.
Sometime later, Magog continued the conversation, as if there had been no pause.
“Son, it’s just that—look, why don't we lay our differences aside, reconnect, and work together for the common good. We Piltdowns should stick together, and show those snotty Prescotts just what we are made of! What do you say, son?”
“Yes, sir.”
“Good man! Now there is one more thing I need to tell you. The President insisted on it. Regarding Beta Bronski-Derringer: Hands Off, as of Right Now. Bronski is not to be investigated, harassed, or fucked with. Do I make myself perfectly clear, Walker?”
“Absolutely, Magog. Bronski is to be left alone. Absolutely.”
“Let her go, son. Let her go.”
FW closed his eyes, and drifted off to sleep.

Fister Perry had his spies, operatives, and contacts. You did not get to where he stood on the Pyramid, without them.
Perry sat with his 'consigliere', Lionel Upton, in the shade of a veranda on the upper patio deck of his villa, in the hills above Santa Barbara. A sea breeze had penetrated the heat wave, and it was pleasant out on the deck. Perry’s oxygen tank was close within his reach, and he occasionally refreshed himself between blasts of non-filtered cigarette smoke.
“So, Upton, what do you make of all this horseshit?”
Lionel Upton looked like an aging pimp who had just recently taken up yachting, or perhaps polo. His suit was white, his skin was ebony, and his balding dome was shiny as an eight-ball. An unlit Cuban cigar resided between his teeth. 
“Sir, it seems to be true. The President has turned traitor on us, and has thrown his support fully behind Peter Derringer.”
The old man nodded, and lit a non-filtered cigarette. “Just in time for another overseas police action, the fucking fools… do continue, Upton.”
“My spies in DC report that the Piltdowns, both father and son, have been activated, and are in the air, even as we speak. Which leads us to the status of that fat satyr up there at the Grove. The Senate has spoken, and it looks like the Big Guy is being recalled.”
“I am sure that by tomorrow morning they will announce that he ‘suffered a massive heart attack’. Want to lay bets? What about the Mark Diller investigation? Do you have any new information?”
“Only the usual unreliable scuttlebutt. None of MY operatives are buying the suicide angle, that's for sure. One theory going around is that Peter Derringer himself ordered the hit, but others ‘in the know’ say baloney: Derringer doesn’t work that way. More likely he would have kicked Diller’s ass in public, maybe, but not this.”
Old Man Perry was not so sure. His hatred for ‘The Dominator’ dominated his thoughts, to the point of delusion. Mark Diller had been his man.
“I am absolutely certain that Derringer murdered Mark Diller, over a woman. That Woman.”
“Beta Bronski,” replied Upton.
Perry nodded. “No hath evil a woman—”
The Bronski woman’s reputation was growing by the day. The word was out that she was behind Derringer’s sudden sell-off of his Perry and MacroEye shares, and the implosion of Mackeyville-McCool. Then, like magic, Derringer’s big fat Defense contract! Like she had anything to do with that. Lunacy! Some idiots in the media were already yapping about ‘The Bronski-Derringer Mojo’. Something had to be done.
“Set up a secret meeting with Piltdown,” said Fister Perry. “The younger one. Priority.”
“Yes, sir.”
Fister Perry made a gesture of dismissal.

FW himself led the pre-dawn raid on Gog’s bungalow at the Sacred Grove. Edwards and Richards were on hand, leading a hardened SWAT team of twenty, in four electric golf carts.
“We don’t want to disturb the wildlife,” said Magog to his son, in the parking lot staging area. The carts were creepy silent.
It was all for nothing, it turned out. The bungalow was empty, completely cleaned out. FW called Magog, who had remained in the parking lot.
“Damn it!” said Magog, “We should have used one of Derringer’s drones! We got caught with our pants down.”
It was a bad start for Magog, Guardian of the Grove.
“OK, son, this is what we will do—”
Magog’s words were cut short by a flash of light, and the sound of an explosion, muffled by the trees. Sirens and lights were triggered throughout the Grove. Magog and his security men jogged into the trees, cursing Gog, and fearing the worst.
Luckily, no one was killed, and only three were seriously hurt. Edwards (or was it Richards?) lost most of his hair, and one of the SWAT goons was wounded in the ass by a flying chunk of timber. FW received a nasty cut on the head, and was temporarily knocked unconscious.
As the sun rose, and the wounded were transported to waiting ambulances, Magog surveyed the damage. The bungalow was completely destroyed, along with two of the golf carts. A small fire had been started in the redwoods, but had petered out on its own.
Gog had left his farewell card to the Grove.

62: Officer Beef

YakMail from Sol Kalinsky to Mike Chen: Did you get those advance copies yet? Sorry about the plain white dust covers, but the next batch I ship out will be real deal! Just wait until you see the f---ing cover! I'm going all out on this one, Grasshopper! The books are rolling off the presses hardcore in three separate locations (Long Beach CA, Piscataway New Jersey, and Evansville Indiana). This is the Big Time, kid! Are you ready and limber for the upcoming promotional tour? Gird yourself, and get into shape! By the way, Morgan says hello; we hooked up for dinner at Julio's last night. Same old Morgan, although she doesn't drink anymore! Damn! Listen to me Chen, if you know what's good for you (and me!) do reconsider my offer to come on out to the East Coast, OK? I can get on you on the Vixen Network for sure, and maybe even NCC! At least think about it, goddammit!

Mike eased his faithful Subaru down the cabin's gravel driveway, and hooked a right on Dead Indian Memorial Road. Destination: Estrella's office near the Food Co-Op at the A Street Marketplace, down in Ashland's Railroad District. It was ten miles or so into town, and Mike dug the winding road that descended down through a forest of pine, scrub oak, and cottonwood. Deer were everywhere, and he wondered when the dreaded hunting season began. September? Although Mike hated the hunting scene, he never turned down a juicy slice of fried venison, no sir!
Fraud!
Once in town he decided that he would check out the Food Co-Op for some fresh veggies. Estrella was cooking tonight, and suggested that a large butternut squash might go well with the smoked salmon she’d picked up the day before. Beer, tea, and a Grateful Dead CD (Dark Star, Dusseldorf 1972) were also on his to-do list.
“All is well in Unicorn Land.”
However, all was NOT well in the Valley of the Elves on this fine and golden morning. After hanging a right turn at the tail-end of Dead Indian Road onto Highway 66, Mike tooled on up the hill toward the Tolman Creek shopping center. That's when he heard the telltale whoop-whoop-whoop of a police cruiser. Damn it, TWO of the mothers, right up on his ass!
Mike pulled over and felt perplexed and annoyed as he dug through the pockets of Beta’s old oversized leather jacket (which still emanated a faint whiff of her perfume) and fumbled for his wallet. Both cruisers pulled up in a cloud of dust. Mike fiddled with the slot that held his license just as the shadow of the approaching police officer darkened the driver's side window. 
Oh Bog, are the insurance papers in the glove box? Where's the fucking registration?
When he rolled down the window, a familiar face greeted him. Why, it was his old friend, Sergeant Theresa of the Ashland Police Department. A male officer emerged from the second cruiser and approached the shotgun side of the Subaru. The guy looked overweight and uncomfortable in his ill-fitting uniform, and his shoes loudly crunched the gravel. Sgt. Theresa removed her mirrored sunglasses. “Welcome back to Ashland, Mr. Chen. Would you mind stepping out of the car, and present me your drivers license and registration?” 
Mike looked at her face. Did she just wink at me?
 “Ah, yes, Sgt. Theresa! What a night, back in Rivendell! You were so kind and thoughtful enough to give me a lift back to my car. Is Beorn behaving himself these days?”
“Please step over here, and keep your hands where I can see them.” 
Two girls on a motorcycle pulled over to the other side of the roadway, where the girl riding pinion held out her cell phone and snapped a few pictures. 
“Fight the Power, Grasshopper!” she hollered as the motorcycle pulled back out into traffic and roared away down the hill. Mike grinned sheepishly.
“Aw, snap! So much for remaining incognito! Troublemaker that I am, my notoriety always seems to catch up with me, damn the luck!”
 Theresa replied quite cryptically: “Wherever you go, there you are.”  
The other cop  circled around to Mike’s hatchback.
 “Pop the trunk?” The cop's face was beefy red, and Mike was pretty sure that a healthy dose of gin or vodka was part of this guy's daily diet. Suddenly Mike felt an immediate rush, and he could have sworn that for one flashing micro-instant he could see this man's very lifeblood pumping through his arteries to his throbbing brain—and then the vision dissipated as fast as it materialized.
Whoa! Did somebody slip me a Micky, or is that the Patch?
(Dr. Lori did caution that in heightened states of stress or emotion, minor disorientation was possible, and in fact expected. “Don't overreact or be alarmed when this happens! Several test subjects have reported a few, um, temporary sensory hiccups!  It's all part of the recalibration process, and it's usually only fleeting! Just go with the flow, when these events occur.”)
OK, Doctor Lori! I'll do my best to relax, and have a laugh while I'm at it.
Mike shrugged as Sgt. Theresa illegally reached into the Subaru and popped open the hatch-back. 
“Can you tell me what this is all about, Officers?”
 “Eventually,” said Sergeant T, as she squinted up into the sky, where a Jefferson County Sheriff’s helicopter hovered directly above them. A few rubbernecking civilians stood down the block, gawking and pointing. Meanwhile the beefy cop pulled out a mini-cam and began to film the contents of Mike’s trunk, as he removed them one by one. He carelessly tossed the items (the usual clutter) behind him onto the gravel.
“Hey, take it easy over there, Officer.”
“Shut up,” replied the beefy cop, who tore open a cardboard box.
 “Just a couple cases of my latest book,” said Mike, winking at Theresa. “Hey, do you want to buy one, at cost? Heck, I can even give you a special discount!”
 Sgt. Theresa did not respond, and instead motioned to the hovering chopper, which obediently rose away and headed northward.
“I liked your first book,” she said quietly.
 “Oh, that first book was a pile of horseshit,” said Mike, doing his best to smile. “It was actually ghost-written by my first wife.”
The beefy cop overturned both cases of books without a second thought. Obviously he was searching for something other than books. 
“I can assure you that there isn't much to see back there,” said Mike, “nothing but the usual junk.”
But the beefy cop ignored him and opened up the tire-well compartment and began to rummage around through the jumper cables, tire irons, and toolbox. Nada. He left everything in disarray, and moved on to the car interior, where he spotted Mike’s backpack on the back seat. Without missing a beat, the pig overturned the backpack, spilling Mike's stuff everywhere. 
“Easy there, buddy,” said Mike, who was beginning to get more than a little annoyed. An oblivious Officer Beef suddenly snapped upright like he had been goosed by a live-wire. He motioned over to Theresa, and held up a small condom-like package. 
“He's got a few dozen of these things, Chief.”
Mike groaned silently. Leftover P-2 Patches, last of the old lot.
 Sergeant Theresa walked back over to Mike with the unopened patch between her forefingers. 
“Don't tell me that this is a rubber, Mr. Chen. It’s not soft and crinkly like most of the rubbers I've ever handled.” 
Theresa then slyly winked at him again. This time Mike was sure of it! He suddenly sensed goodwill and amusement emanate from Theresa, but he remained alert, if not quite paranoid.
“Rubbers? My Bog, those are genuine P-2 Third Eye Patches, Sgt. T! Amazing gadgets, but we are introducing a new and improved model, the P-3 Patch, coming your way soon!”
“P—what?”
Sgt. Theresa peered at the package as she turned it over and over between her fingers, taking in the information printed on the plain, generic looking blue aluminoid wrapping. “Made in the good old USA,” she murmured.
“It's perfectly legal,” Mike said dumbly. 
“That Patch gizmo may not be ILLEGAL,” said the beefy cop, “but can you prove to us that YOU have the proper authorization to distribute these gadgets in the State of Oregon?”
“You're shitting me.”
“You watch your mouth, Butterfly Man.”
“I'm the Grasshopper, Sherlock.”
“What did you just call me?”
“Elmer Fudd, Einstein.”
“Maybe I should wipe that smirk right off your fucking face.”
“Maybe YOU should find another line of work.”
Sgt Theresa entered the fray. “I think it would be best if we take these samples and log them in as evidence.”
“Evidence? Whatever for? You can HAVE one for free, on the house. Wear it for 30 days, and…”
“I'm sorry Mr. Chen, but we cannot accept gifts.” 
Theresa said this loud enough for the other cop to hear. Mike noticed that a civilian from across the street was filming the scene with a video cam, thank Bog. Mike waved to the man, and turned back to smile at Sgt. Theresa.
 “If that's the case, ma’am, I'll keep it, please, as it is property of the Third Eye Corporation, and is strictly for promotional purposes.”
“Did you know that we are within one thousand feet of a school, Mr. Chen?”
“What?” 
Sgt. Theresa smiled, ever so slightly. It was then that Mike was positively sure that this whole thing was a staged play, all for the benefit of the beefy male cop. 
All the world's a stage.
“Isn't school out for the summer, Sgt. T?”
“Kids are playing soccer over there,” said the beefy cop.
Mike glanced down at the pig's shoes, but just wasn't sure. 
DHS, or NASTY? Maybe the FBI?
“Now see here, both of you. The Third Eye Patch HAS been given the green light by the FDA, you know. It really IS all the rage these days, the talk of the land at the moment.”
Sgt. T frowned. “Do you really think that we are just ignorant country rubes up here, Mr. Chen?”
The beefy cop spoke up. “These samples must be kept off the streets until we are told otherwise.”
Mike played along with the 'script'. “Only if you put one on, both of you. C'mon, it couldn't hurt, and what the heck, it might even do YOU some good!” This last was directed at the beefy pig.
“Spare us the sarcasm,” retorted Officer Beef.
“Who's being sarcastic? Certainly not me. Go ahead, they stick to your forehead. Listen, if you don't put one on this very moment, I will have to refuse you permission to take those Patches into, um, evidence, without a legal warrant. Those gadgets are mine, I tell you, mine, mine mine!”
  “Are you going to argue with me?” said Theresa, as she placed her right hand onto her holster. The beefy cop watched in silence, as Mike dutifully lowered his eyes to the ground. 
“No, of course not.” 
Sgt. Theresa placed the Patches into several large evidence baggies, and jotted out a receipt. “Here you go, Mr. Chen.”
 “I guess that’s it!” said Officer Beef right on cue. He made no move to pick up Mike's books and stuff on the pavement. 
“Wait a minute, I almost forgot! One more thing to do here, just to make sure.”
Officer Beef went back to the rear prowl car, and returned with a sniffer dog, a snippy looking little yellow terrier. The animal went through the whole car, tearing up the back seat covers, before Officer Beef yanked the dog backward on his leash and shrugged his shoulders. “Seems clean.” Officer Beef paused and smiled for the first time at Mike.
“See you later, asshole.”
The pig then took the dog back to the second cruiser, and got in himself.
 Sgt. Theresa turned and faced Mike with a shrug. “OK, Mr. Chen. I am sorry that we had to inconvenience you like this, but a lot of illegal drugs do move through here, along the I-5 corridor.—Here you go.” 
She handed him back his license. “You keep it clean, and you won't be hearing from me! Do enjoy your stay in Ashland, sir.”
“Oh, for sure, I will treasure this day forever.”
Mike tossed his books back into the car and slid wearily into the driver's seat with a loud sigh. That's when he saw it, sitting there on the passenger seat: A small envelope. 
What the hey?
Mike watched Theresa through his rear-view mirror as she walked back to her cruiser, crunching gravel. “It's morning in America,” he muttered as Sgt. T's car pulled out, scattering pebbles and gravel all over the Subaru. Theresa flicked on her lights and the “whoop-whoop-whoop” siren came alive, right in Mike's ears. 
“Damn it all anyway, Sgt. T!”
The cruiser picked up speed as it made its way up the ramp onto I-5. The second cruiser followed, close behind.
Gone to apprehend drug runners, no doubt. Or maybe terrorists!
Mike sat for a few more moments and opened the envelope. He was quite surprised to find a lengthy handwritten note that read:
Mr. Mike Chen! It’s my unfortunate duty to welcome you to Ashland in this most unpleasant fashion. Be forewarned: The DHS has placed you and Estrella Klein, among others, on a watch list. I just wanted to let you know that at least one of us here is on your side—whatever THAT is. Keep your cool, stay in the shade, and try to avoid the spotlight, if possible. There are powers far greater than myself working to make your life miserable in ways that you cannot even imagine. I just wanted to let you know, because I really do enjoy your writing and the good things that you relay to the world. Not all of us are Deputy Dawgs or pigs on the take! I am very interested in the Third Eye Patch. Please believe me when I tell you that I am placing my future security in your hands. Please destroy this note, and don't forget that it is fire season! 
With all due respect, Sgt Theresa Franco, acting Chief, Ashland Police Department
Mike smiled to himself as he started the Subaru, and drove off (at the speed limit) to meet with Estrella. But first he needed a quiet place to sit and drink a beer, meditate, and dig the sunshine.

63: Twattle

August 22
Email from SWGallows to NFlinth:
Bully good piece on Phil Hardrive of GIGGLE, although a bit short. I understand the difficulty in making these people interesting. Maybe you will have better luck with Shirley Bender, CEO of Twattle. I am working on the arrangements. After that, you can tackle Ed Smutz of NoseBook fame. By the way, you must stop wrecking rental cars, Nigel. I’ll arrange for you to get a driver but until then, take taxicabs. Finally, the answer to your question is yes, Ann Curtis is in therapy, at an exclusive ‘clinic’ in Connecticut. This little morsel of tabloidia is NOT for public consumption, however.
—Gallows

Nigel Flinth read the brief (and incomplete) memo faxed over from Sir William’s office. Nigel’s task was to introduce Shirley Bender and Twattle to the Greater American Public ala a Reader’s Digest fluff-style feature piece with a lucrative syndication deal. If Nigel could get through this gig alive, he could surely retire in that fabulous castle in Cheshire.
Shirley Bender was a force of nature, with fire in her belly. Her story was legend: After a stint at GIGGLE, she began a startup she dubbed ‘Twattle’, on a shoestring budget of $60,000. In less than two years, Twattle Inc. was worth approximately ten billion dollars, with no signs of slowing down.
Twattle utilized twats (unit sized messages, packets of data which the organization monitored with every connection toward any individual user’s consumer index). While in the beginning Twattle was marketed to women, it was both men and women who had found a way to apply it into serious business use. The app caught on real fast with the public, and narcissistic and egocentric celebrities. Even the President ‘twattled’. The bottom line was that it was giving NoseBook serious competition.
“Without my Twattle and twats, I never would be able to keep tabs on this dynamic expression of Greed known as the Consortium,” joked Sir William to an uncomfortable Nigel Flinth. “It’s obvious that keeping in touch, as well as keeping an eye, on one’s competitors as well as one’s allies is the surest way to suck them all in. I have to hand it to Shirley! Without her, our world would certainly be different today!”
Most likely for the better, Nigel thought, but he wisely kept that opinion to himself.

Shirley Bender didn’t have a whole lot of use for old goats like William Gallows, but she did respect money and power. At least for the time being, she would tolerate Sir William at the top of things just as long as he presented no threat to her own interests. But Gallows was an old goat, and the old goats are usually the first to be sold to the knackers. She once considered seducing him, but then changed her mind, since it might have been considered less a conquest for her own part, than a crowning glory for him. In the Consortium, you only befriended your ally long enough to see where his speculations could benefit you. The truth was that they all circled each other, with shivs at the ready.
Shirley Bender and Twattle were going to emerge from the coming shit storm intact, bigger and stronger than ever. Perfectly blameless and spotless. Heads were going to roll, and dynasties were going to crash and burn. New winds were blowing.
Take the stories going around about this Beta Bronski. Nobody had ever heard of her. Something just wasn’t right about her mercurial rise. Didn’t Peter Derringer realize that the last two guys that she had done the horizontal bop with, were both kind of like, DEAD, you know? Hardcore. Shirley had known Mark Diller, a stuck-up swine who thought he was Bog’s gift to women, with his collection of scalps. 
And if he committed suicide, like they say, then I’m Lady Gaga!

Shirley Bender was vaguely disappointed when Nigel Flinth made his entrance at her rented Hillsborough Mansion. Bender viewed him via the security monitor and sighed. My Bog, he looked like the wind could lift him right off his feet and blow him away like a lost kite. Flinth was the fish that you threw back in. Whatever. Bender opened her first wine cooler of the day. Usually her handlers, mind-guards, and assistants kept her behavior in check, because that was what she paid them to do! However (as agreed) none of the adults were around to keep an eye on her for the next two days! Neither were the blood-sucking freaks, and all of the usual suspects. Bender was sick of all the smothering vampires, gigolos, Big Nurses, and gold diggers that were ALWAYS around, swinging their big dicks (or their vaginas!) in her face. She had seen and done it all, and was discovering that she didn't care much for the pretty-boy studs, and the lady lion tamers any more. It was time for a change. 
“Let's see what this Nigel Flinth is made of.”
Shirley gazed at her reflection in the hallway mirror, and swore that she would ABSOLUTELY lose a few pounds this week, or blow her brains out! 
“This time for sure; no more slacking!”
It was an old broken promise. Maybe the Third Eye Patch would help. She peeled the sticky Patch from her forehead, and shoved it into the pocket of her bathrobe.
“Mustn’t let word of this get back to Sir William…”
This Flinth was to tag along with her the next two days, however Bender had demanded, and was granted, complete editorial control over whatever this specimen would publish, and Sir Gallows had consented.
“Of course, Shirley-girl,” Sir William had twatted. “Don’t you worry about our Nigel.”
Nigel now stood nervously in the foyer, holding his overnight bag in one hand, and his laptop in the other. Bender's tinny voice crackled out from a speaker above the doorbell.
“Door's open; do come on in and let me have a look at you.” 
Nigel nervously stepped inside, and his eyes beheld a goddess: Shirley Bender posed ala Scarlet O'Hara (or more like Blanch DuBois) at the top of a wide marble staircase above the vast and tall, elegantly furnished front room. Bender was clad a long silvery robe, and held a bunch of grapes in her hand. Her auburn hair was coiled like a rope upon her head like a Grecian sculpture. As she descended, her robe opened completely, and Nigel groaned.
“Well, YOU aren’t anything to write home about,” she said, striding right up to the hapless Nigel, her robe now in complete disarray. “Come on in, let’s have a drink, and you can put your feet up.”
She stood inches from the trembling Flinth.
“Oh lighten up. Consider yourself one of the chosen ones, the lucky few. I have dismissed my handlers and baby-sitters for a couple of days. It’s just us two. Want some grapes?”
Nigel looked dumbly at the grapes. They were green. He was relieved that he had something to else to focus on, besides Shirley’s plump but oh-so-inviting torso. She DID look a lot thinner in her publicity photos, but Bender wasn’t fat by any means. In fact, she was in very good shape indeed, and in her prime.
“This won’t hurt a bit.” Bender plopped a grape right into Nigel’s mouth. “Goodness, you are trembling. Hey, is that a gun in your pocket, or are you really glad to see me?”
Bender's free hand probed, and Nigel squealed.
“I thought so. Oh very well, why not? Let’s get this over with.”
Shirley Bender dropped to her knees, and Nigel swallowed the grape.

Sometimes when the gods are bored and not squabbling among themselves, they look down upon us mortals and laugh with glee and slap palms with each other, especially when we come together and rut like the animals that we domesticate and devour for our nourishment and survival. Take a bow, fair ladies and gentlemen. We do put on such a jolly good show for them!

Shirley Bender and Nigel Flinth both rose to the occasion and delivered the goods. Both of them were quite surprised—and delighted—at their compatibility and stamina.
“Who would have known?” Shirley murmured as they took a break and made short work of a delivery pizza. “How come you never hitched up?”
“My life has been all work and no play…” 
“That's NO life, Squirt.”
Nigel WAS a little stymied at first, but after a few drinks and other enticements from Shirley's recreational stash, he did loosen up a bit after he realized that Bender was actually (dare he say it) just a fellow traveler, a human being who was lonely for genuine companionship and not phony, frozen, sycophancy from the vampires that surrounded her! 
“I used to sneak out and have a little fun… go dancing… now they won't let me do anything anymore! Well, it is well known that I cannot be trusted, without proper supervision.”
“Can't be trusted for wot? Aren't you the boss?”
“Oh you still have a lot to learn, don't you, limey.”
Shirley slapped a Third Eye Patch on his head and told him to keep it there, for the duration. “Why the hell not, and anyway, who's to know, right, Runt?”
Nigel was feeling no pain when Shirley mounted him for round two.

Nigel woke up fairly hung over around midnight of the first evening. He rolled over to see that Bender was sitting cross-legged on the bed, laptop open. Oh, bloody hell, she was playing My Next Life.
“Hey, I could get hooked on this.”
Indeed.

Fast forward 24 hours. Day number two finis; sweet exhaustion. Bender's bedroom was dark, except for the rambling pattern on the laptop’s screen-saver. Nigel and Shirley both lay on their backs, amid used condoms, pizza crusts, empty wine coolers, rolling papers and spilled marijuana. Nigel’s ribs hurt, and he had two long and deep scratches down his back. He assumed that it was his own blood, all over the sheets. Like Bender said, over and over: “Hardcore.”
Shirley spoke: “You awake?”
“Uh huh. I’m trying to remember what Freud said about sex and death.”
“Sigmund Freud didn’t know his pecker from a piccolo.”
“Can I use that in my article?”
SB shrugged. “It IS a good throwaway line… now remember, not a word to ANYBODY about any of this, especially this Third Eye business.”
“Right. Mum's the word, Your Majesty.”
Nigel idly fingered the Patch on his forehead. Shirley Bender had been stealthily wearing the Patch herself for a week now, after acquiring a few batches on the thriving black market. 
“Don't forget to take it off when you get up in the morning, limey.”
“Affirmative! Sir William just wouldn't understand…”
“Shit, maybe HE should give this thingy a try, before he drops dead from a heart attack. Mark my words! By the way, and you didn't hear this from me, but don't delay, and dump all of your stocks in Gallows Media! That also goes for any stocks in PerryPharm, and the Eyelid. Do it first thing tomorrow!”
“Yes, Goddess.”
“Who did you say you were seeing next, Runt?”
“I’m trying to hook up with Ed Smutz, of NoseBook.”
“I know him. Did you know that he is suing me? Contrary to popular belief, he’s not a genius. In fact he’s a real head case. Had a good idea, but he just can’t abide the fact that my idea is better. He’s such a puppy, peeing in the corner… just lucky… little tugboat… dirigible…”
Shirley’s finally nodding out, thought Nigel. High time. As for me, I have many miles…
Nigel Flinth passed out, and descended into blissful nothingness. He slept well, and did not dream.

Flinth made his way downstairs, sometime around 6:00 AM. Bender slept on, her snores loud enough to wake the dead. After making instant coffee (he couldn’t figure out how to work the coffee maker), he set himself up in the mansion library. He typed away at his laptop for maybe an hour, and reviewed his document twice, upon completion.
“Very good,” he muttered, “or at least passable.” He then plugged the laptop into the printer on the end of the library’s workstation table. The printout came to three pages. Right.
Flinth then went about gathering his clothes and stuff, around the house, pool, and jacuzzi area. He never did find his socks. Nigel settled into a comfortable leather chair, and dozed. SB came down about nine, none too worse for wear. She was fully dressed, and talking into her phone. She nodded at Flinth, through the library door, and beckoned him to follow her into the kitchen.
“Don’t you know how to make a pot of coffee?”
She flicked the switch on the coffee maker, and it started to brew. Nigel shrugged, and handed her the printout.
“Here’s my first draft, SB. I am hoping it passes your approval.”
The smell of coffee filled his nostrils.
“This is it? Your fluff piece? You work fast, limey.”
“Old habit of mine. Deadline mentality, especially when I’m out in the ‘bush’. Ha-ha-ha, get it? Bush! It was a joke, SB.”
Shirley ignored him and read the document, and without pause, read it again.
“This is good, matey. Really good. I am impressed. You really wrote all of this—this morning?”
“It was easy, Goddess. Having read your official bio, and just recalling our conversations, I was able to synthesis a general profile and conversation with you, without divulging any undesirable or inconvenient facts.”
(In other words, I made it all up.)
“Well, I approve, and I will twat His Lordship, with praises.”
“Thank you SB.” Nigel paused for a few seconds.
“I guess we won’t ever meet again like this, er, except for maybe, um, socially.”
“Yes, Squirt. Please, don’t spoil the memory of our little fling together. We made a deal, remember? When we see each other the next time, in mixed company, we will act accordingly, true to form.”
Meaning that she would give him as much consideration as she would give an earwig!
“Don’t worry, SB. I’ll stay out of your way, and I’ll never disclose our secret, til death.”
“Look, please don't take it personally, OK? You’re not such a bad dude after all, Mr. Flinth, once you let your freak flag fly.”
“Listen, SB. If you are ever in the UK—”
“Not a chance, Runt.”

Nigel took a cab back to Frisco. He was mentally and physically drained, but he did get some useful information for the Inquisitor, for when his next confession came around. But he decided not to disclose anything about Shirley Bender, whether to the Inquisitor, or Sir William Fucking Gallows, or anyone else, for that matter. It was none of their friggin business!

YakMail from Phrogg to Steve Shank: Tiny Tim has requested a confession for 6:00 PM tonight. Do you copy?
Shank to Phrogg: Roger Wilco, I’ll be there.

11:30 PM. “Thank you, Sir Nigel.”
Shank scanned his subjective analysis of Flinth's confession for spelling and punctuation, deemed it readable, and zapped it off to Boffin and the Guru, by way of YakMail. After leaving a post-it note and a ten-pack of the new P-3 Patches next to the computer monitor, Shank softly tip-toed out of MNL headquarters, careful not to disturb Phrogg, who was snoring away on the air mattress in the corner of the loft.

64: Correspondence, Love Letters, and Close Encounters (August 1-30) 
(Part 2)

August 24
JMorgan@YakMail to SShank@YakMail
Thanks for taking this project on, Steve. We left a lot of room for you and Mike on those two tracks. Both Bingham and Mohammed are big fans of yours, by the way! Anyway, try to have the tracks done and back to me by Sept 5. Release date is Sept. 15. Thanks again!

SShank@YakMail to JMorgan@YakMail
This stuff is really good, little sister. Your organ playing is really good, I mean it! Mike is coming down, and we’ll get right to it. Let’s get Lori to add a little percussion, OK? Again, I say Bravo, Jenny-Girl!

EXCERPT FROM DR. LORI DRYER’S YAK-JOURNAL:
“… I will go out on a limb here and speculate, based on my own observations (including those of my friends and associates’ experiences) and propose that the Patch does enhance existing talents and capabilities latent in each individual, depending on the quality and/or intensity of said individual. Intense emotional situations ignite Patch awareness in the first weeks of application, in a majority of case studies, and then level off as the subject gradually gains control as time passes. Mike Chen (see attachment 2A) is an extreme example of the phenomenon. Jennifer Morgan (4C) reports that she has no noticeable feelings of enhancement. This is not troubling to me, in that Jenny’s observations concur with a large number of test subjects (see P-3 Test 8 Summary). Only time and more tests will indicate if these findings and percentages correspond with the general population.”

Estrella Klein to Lori Dryer via YakMail: Well, I finally put my foot down and told Mike that if he didn't stick to his daily Patch Log posting, he would be sleeping on the couch, until further notice. That did the trick, and I must say that I am impressed! He is compiling a summary at this very moment, and hopely will send it on to you, before the day is over. As for me, my log is up-to-date, and well, slightly dissapointing. I did lose 3 pounds this month, so I can't really complain! More later.—E.

Mike Chen to Lori Dryer via YakMail: So sorry I took so long to get back to you, but after much prodding from E, I finally completed your survey (see attachment). You were so right on the money, Dr. L! The effects from the Patch ARE subtle and gradual. The big bombshell for me is that I dropped 7 pounds in the last 3 or 4 weeks! 
(I did have a vivid dream (nightmare?) recently about Whimpy's Mongolian Burger and Pizza Palace, down on Mission!) 
Yes, I HAVE cut back on my long-time vices: beer and coffee. Especially the coffee. I used to guzzle at least 4 cups every morning, but these days one or two is all I usually need. Amazing! I don't think StartUps Coffee has anything to worry about; Java is here to stay, Patch or no Patch. As for beer, DEFINITELY one will do instead of three, and I'm actually enjoying them more than I used to. Ditto for the coffee, and even E's cooking! 

Boffin Syznic sat under the oak tree, and worked on his journal. Mimi was taking a swim, and Rem Peterson was lurking around, somewhere.
Everybody is keeping a close eye on me. They are all worried, and so am I. Regarding my session yesterday with Dr. Madras: The good doctor, as usual, didn’t mince words: My organs are failing, and it’s only a matter of time before I go into Extensive Care, and begin a 24 hour feeding and hydration regimen, complete with extensive massage therapy to increase circulation in my lower body. Thank Bog I can afford it! All of this is scheduled to start in October or early November, says the Doc. Damn! I guess I could say that life just isn’t fair, boo-hoo! But I do admit it, I am scared. The pig with the nightstick did serious damage to an already failing esophagus, although that has nothing to do with Madras’ current prognosis of doom. It has always been only a matter of time, damn it all!
Boffin now was positively sure that he had shared an intimate, albeit long distance experience with Jennifer Morgan on the night of the Gallows debate, but Mimi wasn't convinced (natch!) and Boffin sadly conceded that he was not going to convince her that he did indeed have an extraordinary experience, and that was that. Mimi was a true scientist!
As a result of my current prognosis, Mimi and Dr. Madras want to move me to a clinic up in the high desert, before the onset of winter, and I told them that I would think about it. This place CAN be very gloomy during the rainy season. We shall see…
Boffin closed his journal, and took his nap under the shade of the oak tree.
After Mimi finished her swim, she signaled to Rosie (who was quietly doing her daily Tae Kwan Do exercises) to keep an eye on the sleeping Boffin, and went inside to check on the day’s business developments on her YakPad. Everything was running smoothly, and on schedule.

Syznic’s factories were running triple shifts, rolling out the big Akhenaten solar panels. The solar panel assembly and distribution centers were a secure cover for the manufacture of the P-3 Patch in extreme volumes. Not only for the Patch, but also for the OtherNet broadcasting relays which were wired onto the bottom of each Akhenaten panel chassis. The process: First the 'finished' panels were shipped by a massive fleet of trucks from the factories to distribution centers all along the West Coast. The OtherNet relays were then stealthily wired to the panels at these centers, and then shipped back out, all by trusted, bonded, Syznic employees, all paid in triple the wages (plus overtime), in comparison to employees of comparative industries. All of Boffin and Mimi's employees were loyal to a man (and woman). In this manner the OtherNet could escape detection and governmental scrutiny. Meanwhile, hundreds of thousands of Third Eye Patches were rolling off the presses daily, in many of these same Akenaten distrubution centers, where they were shrink-wrapped, bundled, packaged, and shipped out in the same trucks as the panels. (The 'official' Third Eye factories, three in number, were still under construction, under the full light of publicity. Only a modest number of Patches were rolling off the presses at those locations, because the Syznics did not want all of their eggs all in one basket, if the Feds decided to move in and shut them down.)
So far, the Great Eye was none the wiser to the audacity of Syznic’s cunning plan: The launch of Vaughn New Man, which was the immersion of the OtherNet into the nation’s electric power grid. This idea was nothing new, but had been rejected by the powers that be on the premise that existing frequencies reserved for police, fire, emergency first responders, and civil defense would be compromised, but in reality, these communications would only benefit by improved access and accuracy. The truth was that the vast, unlimited capacity of the grid accommodates one and all.
“Share and share, alike.”
When fully absorbed, Vaughn New Man would render dinosaur Internet server monopolies obsolete, a relic of the past. Complete and secure access to the cyber universe would be then free and available to anyone using electricity. A new era of Net Freedom would begin, guaranteeing the peoples of the Earth absolute freedom of communications. Along with the Third Eye Patch, Humankind would enter, in the words of Boffin Syznic: “A true golden age of Optimum Health and Happiness.”
Syznic and Guru Abbryggdd estimated that Vaughn New Man would take six months to a year to finalize, if the Yak was not pulled down in the meantime.
Meanwhile, millions of Third Eye Patches were rolling merrily off the presses. Mimi Syznic estimated that the full cost of this endeavor would top two billion dollars, roughly the gross output of Syznic Industries for the next calendar year, when all was said and done. As Boffin liked to say, “It’s only money!”
But the big whopper was yet to come. Back in July, while Mike and Steve were adventuring in Tuva, Rex Andromedas flew to Kazakhstan to meet with a high level Government official, and handed over a suitcase with $50 million cash, securities, and U.S. Treasury Bonds. A second suitcase held chips and components of a highly electronic nature. On August 31, Boffin Syznic’s first satellite was launched by a rocket from a secret location in the Kazakhstan desert. With an orbit stationed over the northern hemisphere, the satellite, nicknamed Yak One, in tandem with the Akhenaten panels, launched the Greater OtherNet. No official announcement was made, of course, and it was hoped that the OtherNet would remain a secret until the Vaughn New Man ‘virus’ could spread past the point of no return, and achieve critical mass. And at that point, only by bringing down the whole electrical grid, could the Government bring down the Yak.

August 26
GROWING CIVIL UNREST A NON-STORY IN THE MAINSTREAM MEDIA by Marsha Portrero (The Eco-Tittler)
Flash riots in Berkeley, Portland, Seattle, and other cities on the West Coast are back page non-stories in the Gallows-Spinner controlled mainstream media this week, which would rather regale us with gossip about Jennifer Morgan’s sex life, Anne Curtis’ nervous breakdown, and the Derringer-Bronski wedding. Meanwhile, the peasants are restless, while United States Senators wave their sabers at shadowy Middle Eastern ‘Antichrists’.
Take for example the riot yesterday in Berkeley. Telegraph Ave. was shut down and swept by riot police twice, before ‘order’ could be restored. NCC News reported it as an “isolated incident involving a fraternity party that spilled out into the streets.” Total bullcrap, my friends, and this 'spilling out into the street' bullshit has been done to death, already! Enough! The government is lying about the reasons for rising food and fuel prices, and the latest unemployment numbers. Spread the word, folks! They are lying!

After a stroll with the First Dog in the Rose Garden (no, not the First Lady!) Thor entered the Oval Office, scanned his morning briefing, and downed four aspirins with a cup of StartUps coffee, courtesy of Slade Robinson, CEO of StartUps, of Mill Valley, California.
“Excellent, kick-ass brew,” Thor remarked to Secret Service Agent #1, standing solemnly by the French windows overlooking the Rose Garden and the South Lawn.
“Damn fine product, from a damn fine company.”
“Yes, sir.”
Thor reviewed his top secret briefing from SecDefense, written in longhand on plain writing paper for security purposes. No e-trails or official memos, please! Only a very few people were in the loop about the upcoming op, and Thor intended to keep it that way. The current plan proposed by Senator Prescott, was to strike Iran immediately AFTER the mid-term elections on November 6, although others (including Professor Crane over at Princeton) warned that the element of surprise would proportionally shrink with each day passing. Thor decided to consult with Magog later on the matter, and moved on to the next folder in the stack: Update Aug 26 Status Report  / Third Eye Corp. / Syznic Industries.
According to a secret memo from the Commerce Department, orders for the Ahkenaten Solar panels were modest and nothing to write home about. Retail sales were flat, quite possibly because of the sour economy. In fact, many of the panels were being given away in promotions and contests to stir up publicity.
(Thor himself had no objections to this bold and risky venture into Green Energy.)
As for Syznic’s Third Eye Patch, no reliable sales statistics were as of yet available. Peter Derringer’s copycat product, the Spartan Strip, was in mass production, and threatening to give Syznic a run for his money, and that was a good thing, according to Magog. The economy needed a good kick in the ass! Thor didn’t really give a shit about the blasted Third Eye Patch, although Fister Perry (as usual) was breathing hard, right down his neck.
“I wish we could shut Perry up, and concentrate on business!”
Nobody in Washington DC wanted any business to fail, as long as they played by the rules. (Pause for laughter.) Normally, after the Government received its cut and ‘wetted its beak’, so to speak, it was preferable not to meddle in the business of big business, unless it interfered with the interests of the Great Eye. Surely Perry had nothing to worry about! The general population was thoroughly and effectively saturated with medications, and that wasn’t going to change anytime soon, for Bog’s sake! This Patch nonsense was surely just a harmless fad, like those silly old mood rings, back in the 1970's! Why couldn’t everybody just cool it and lighten up?
“Keep it together, keep it together,” Thor said to himself.
(Gog would have answered: “The center cannot hold.” The Big G seemed to have disappeared from the face of the earth. He had a lot to answer for.)
“Let him rot!”
Meanwhile, Magog was hard at work trying to crack the elusive OtherNet, along with apprehending and 'detaining' the FBI mole ‘V’, and that pesky but dangerous troublemaker, the ‘Guru’. The Grasshopper (writer Michael Chen), was also under enhanced DHS harassment and surveillance, although Chen and the others were flying below the radar, thanks to that goddamned puncture-proof YakMail! Syznic and the Table Foundation were surely in the thick of it, according to Wintergren, but as of yet, there still was no smoking gun. The irony was that Boffin Syznic was one of the few people hiring in the whole goddamn nation at the moment!
Thor moved on to the most pressing issue of the day: The growing number of food and job riots that were breaking out almost daily. So far, they were small containable ‘events’, but that could change at any moment, and the Spinner-Gallows media machine could not expect to keep the lid on these stories for very much longer. 
“We need a new spin, a new story…”
Thor recalled that President William McKinley once sat at this very desk and pondered similar questions regarding the best course of action for the nation, and the answer was of course: “Remember the Maine!”
Senator Prescott’s 'tidy' war with 'Persia' was the most practical antidote for the nation's economic ills, so that was that. SO BE IT! 
Thor was gazing at an old picture of Teddy Roosevelt and the Rough Riders charging up San Juan Hill, when he suddenly remembered something, and felt a sharp lurch in his guts. Ouch!
How could I forget my American History?
Three years after San Juan Hill, President McKinley was shot in the gut by an insane 'anarchist' by the name of Leon Czolgolsz, who supposedly went crazy after losing his job during an economic crash and embraced radical politics. McKinley died from a gangrene infection in his belly ten days later, and Rough Rider Teddy Roosevelt was sworn in as President of the United States. 
Well I'll be a son of a bitch.
Thor reached for a couple of antacid tablets, and downed them with a swig of water.

The first Third Eye commercial was filmed at Syznic Manor, directed by Pierre Rose, flown in from New Zealand. Jade Shank was on hand to watch and learn from the famed Hollywood expatriate, an old friend of Jennifer Morgan. The big news was that they had secured the services of Emma Godaddy, the foxiest of one of them all, for the shoot. Jade and Phrogg were star-struck when they met the eighteen year-old Godaddy before the shoot, when they assembled at Boffin’s swimming pool.
“Chill,” said Emma to Jade and Phrogg, “I’m just regular girl, getting it while I can, before I’m all washed up at twenty-one.”
The shoot went down without a hitch, and only three takes were needed before they called it a day, and the whole crew and a bunch of Syznic employees had a merry barbecue in the late afternoon sunshine.

A bunch of beautiful young people are hanging out at an upscale mansion, back by the pool. They are sitting at glass tables, drinking, smoking, and having a good time. A beautiful young woman emerges from the pool in slow motion, dripping beads of water that sparkle in the sunlight. She is wearing a black one-piece swimsuit, which compliments her trim, athletic, die-for body. She is wearing a shower cap. She strolls by the tables, where the young drinkers and smokers all stop what they are doing, and gawk at the young beauty, who arches her eyebrows at them, and laughs. She stops at the last table where a handsome young hunk of beef is waiting for her. As Emma sits, she pulls off her shower cap, and lets her strawberry blonde hair flow free, as the camera zooms in to her face. She is wearing the Patch. The camera pans to the young man, who indeed is wearing a Patch, also. He pours her a glass of ice water from a pitcher. As she leans in to kiss him, the scene goes out of focus.
A sexy woman’s voice-over (Emma), during the closing shot:
FOR LOVE.
FOR LIFE.
FOR YOU.
THE PATCH.
Order now from Valkyrie, Grendel, and Avocado, or from 3rdEyePatchDotCom.

The Spartan Strip ads actually beat the Third Eye Patch to the public market place (although the product is still in production). The provocative ads appear in all the tabloids, men’s and women’s mags, newspapers, and online, followed by a video spot, shot for the late night cable television market.
Peter and Beta Bronski-Derringer actually star in the spots themselves, which generate a lot of interest and controversy because the ‘Power Couple’ appear fully nude, although their bodies are tastefully silhouetted in shadow from their shoulders down—but their full monties are clearly and tantalizingly visible. As Peter and Beta gaze thoughtfully at the camera, a sexy woman’s voice-over purrs:
Dare to be confident.
Dare to be bold.
Peter puts his strip on his forehead, and says:
“Maximum Enhancement.”
Beta places her Lady Joy headband upon her head, and answers Peter:
“Maximum Satisfaction.”
As Peter and Beta kiss, the voiceover returns—
Dare to be you.
The Spartan Strip.
Lady Joy.
Available everywhere.

65: A Short Interlude with Shank and Sharon

Shank took a break from Nigel Flinth and My Next Life, and decided to move forward with a plan that had been formulating in his mind for the last month or so. He reviewed his finances and accounts, and found that he had three hundred thousand dollars in ‘loose change’ spread out in three different bank accounts, and a lot more locked up in investments and offshore ventures, maybe twelve million.
“Bloody hell, Sharon, I can’t take it with me, can I?”
Sharon Heitz, eyes on her laptop, was the ‘cowgirl’ that Estrella had seen at San Jose Airport, some weeks back. Shank’s 'mystery woman’ was a music industry exec who got out of the game when the going was good. (Being Emma Godaddy’s mother didn’t hurt!) Shank’s current better half now sat bundled up in an old bathrobe, with her brunette hair done up in twin braids. With her Third Eye Patch on her forehead, and reading glasses perched on the end of her nose, she looked like a Hollywood boho as she looked up from her laptop and took a sip of steaming coffee.
“Well Shankers, it will cost at least one hundred thou to transport and house the monks. Round trip, charter jet, room and board, yadda yadda. Repairs and retrofitting the church in Macedonia could pass one million dollars. Transporting Ikil and his wife: another ten or fifteen thousand. Still want to do this, honey?”
“I’d like to get a grant from the Foundation, damn it. Lori and Estrella will approve of it, but I hate to ask.”
Shank’s plan was to bring Ikil and the monks to America to do a big show with the band, maybe at Zimmerman Auditorium in Berkeley, or Bill Graham in the City. It would be a Patch Night Experience with the P-3 Patch, now in production. The idea was to get a few thousand people together, don the Patch, and groove with the Wimoweh, and see where it would go, simple as that. Dr. Lori Dryer was intrigued and interested, but urged caution, nonetheless.
“Real tests should be conducted first, with a control group, of course!”
“Now, Lori…”
“Don't get me wrong, Steve, but I am sure that you would agree that there are broader implications here, a whole new can of worms, because this sort of thing (group-sync-altruism) can always be used for other than noble purposes.”
Now, sitting with Sharon, Shank's mind was made up.
“So, Shank, what do you want to do?”
Shank grinned. “Submit my proposal to the Table Foundation. Apply for a grant, just like everybody else!”

66: A Short Interlude at Derringer's Chateau

Shalmaneser waited in the idling car down by the road, as Ishtar strolled up Peter Derringer's driveway with a dog leash in her hand, minus the dog. The gate was wide open, just unbelievable! When she approached the courtyard side of the Chateau compound, she cupped her hands around her mouth and called out: “Shane! You come back here this instant, you bad, bad dog! Damn you anyway, Shane!”
Ishtar and Shalmaneser were 'private detectives' who occasionally worked freelance for 'Sammy the Pimp'. (Lionel Upton of PerryPharm.) Sammy liked to call Ishtar 'The Kindergarten Lady', because of her sweet, demure, and non-threatening appearance. (Her sister's kids absolutely adored her, although Ishtar was childless herself and had no intention of adding any more rug-rats to the food chain.) Ishtar wasn't particularly interested in why Peter Derringer and his wife needed to become dead. That wasn't her gig. Her assignment was to check out Derringer's security set-up from as close up as possible, and see if the aerial surveillance drone missed anything on their scanners. Ishtar's goggle-like sunglasses scanned and recorded the Chateau, pool-house, and the stables. No visible security goons or infra-red scanners were evident at all! Too much!
A young man (pool boy?) walked over from the pool area to check her out. 
“May I help you, Senora?”
“Oh what a lovely place you have back here! Please forgive me for intruding, but my stupid dog broke loose from his leash, and took off up your driveway. Do you happen to have a dog in heat over here?”
Derringer's maid Maria came out from the main house, in a huff. “There are no dogs here, madam. Please leave at once.”
Not even a guard dog? 
“Of course,” said Ishtar sweetly, as her goggle-cam scanned the frowning maid, the pool boy, and a foxy dark-haired woman (Beta Bronski?) sunbathing over by the pool. Ishtar's trained eyes spotted a standard old-style burglar alarm above the kitchen side-door, but no cams were in evidence as far as she could observe with her own eyes. Idiots!
“Darn that dratted dog! Please, if you DO see him, his name is Shane. Would you be so kind to give him some water, and call me? My number is on his tag.”
Peter Derringer himself came out on the balcony overlooking the swimming pool.
“What's the problem, Maria?”
“I'm just looking for my lost dog, sir!” Ishtar shouted up to him, “He just busted loose from my leash, right down there by the running trail!” 
Derringer shrugged indifferently and went back inside, as Maria pulled a phone out of her pocket. “Please go now, or I will call the sheriff.”
“I'm going, but please don't forget to give me a call. That VERY bad dog is around here somewhere, you'll see! Have a good morning!”
With that, Ishtar turned and briskly walked back down the driveway to Shalmaneser's rental car, hidden from the Chateau's view by the foliage along the road. 
“No security, Shal, no fucking security at all,” she sneered, as she slid into the passenger seat. “The fucking maid appears to be the boss of the place, and I betcha that fucking gate is never locked.”
“Indeed,” said Shalmaneser, as he shut his laptop. “Rumors confirmed: Derringer the Dominator is one stupid motherfucker.”  
He eased the sedan out onto Sand Hill Road, and headed south towards Portola Valley. Ishtar gazed idly at the scenery as Shalmaneser ran his right hand up along the inside of her leg. His fingers probed, ever northward.  
“Keep your fucking eyes on the road, Shal.”
Ishtar's pictures of the Chateau complex will be analyzed at the motel, and then be forwarded along to Sammy the Pimp, by way of an encrypted sat-com link.

Book 13 Emergence

67: Twilight

Summer twilight Elvish magic descends upon the fair town of Ashland Oregon. Boho tourists huff and grunt along the plaza with overflowing shopping bags, as young lovers lay huddled together on front porches of brightly painted Victorian houses in the old Historical District, or else on blankets in the parks and greenways. Shakespearean dandies practice swordplay near the duck pond in Lithia Park. Police officers cruise about on bicycles and Sedgeway scooters, but the lurking orcs and street people are quiet this evening, knock on wood. Auto exhaust and the faint aroma of cannabis fill the air. The only things missing are strolling minstrels playing lutes and pan-pipe flutes.
Not all is quite peace and love, however. The King's spooks and spies are also lodged in town, probing, analyzing information, and waiting for orders. Several CheapFone towers relay constant information to a NASTYDRAGONFLY command center on the south side of town, where a few NASTY technicians and a team of DHS goons (one of them Officer Beef) sit and drink beer in the dark backyard directly behind Estrella Klein's townhouse. Just waiting for orders on this fine enchanted summer evening.

68: Mike Chen, Reprobate

Estrella Klein's Table Foundation headquarters was bathed in shadow when three deer darted out of the bushes and gracefully leaped right over the sleeping drunk sprawled out behind some trees bordering Lithia Creek. The deer silently made their way through Estrella's parking lot and dashed across Water Street toward the safety of the bicycle path that ran along the railway tracks.
“What the hell?”
The drunk rose unsteadilly to his feet and tossed his empty bottle over towards a small dumpster marked for recyclables but missed. He stumbled out to the sidewalk and began to trudge his way in the direction of downtown. As he shambled past the Old Ashland Armory, he stopped and did a double take. A large colorful poster had been taped to the front door.
“Well, shee-it, damn my eyes, look at this!”
One Night Only… Author, Fraud, and New Age Gadfly Mike Chen… Aug 27 @ 8:00 PM… A Lecture and Demonstration of the Third Eye Patch… A Bioethical Improvement on New Available Technology… The Nature of the Inner Music… Retuning Yourself to Your Original Neurobiological State of Grace… Free Samples… Admission $7.50.
A picture of a smiling Mike Chen, standing in a meadow with a grasshopper in his outstretched hand, took up the bottom portion of the poster. A cartoon yak grazed in the background, swishing flies with his tail.
Wormwood never forgot a face. He wasn’t totally sauced yet tonight. He usually wandered the streets of Ashland in a state ala John Barleycorn these days, now that his bike shop was closed and boarded up. He was often confused about who the real culprit was in his business failing, and sometimes he lay the blame on the person he was pissed off with at any given moment on any given day.
If anybody needed healing, it was Wormwood, hobbit of the North Farthing.
He recognized Mike immediately as the punk who got him tossed out of the Beau Club, last HobbitFest. He had completely forgotten that he himself had thrown the first punch, but no matter, all his troubles began on that night, and this Grasshopper asshole was to blame!
He snorted as he read the paragraph of puff, and promised himself that when the evening of the event arrived, he’d be there to give Chen a piece of his mind—or his shillelagh!
Worm would have been happy to know that Mike was holed up with cabin fever, sweating over the lecture he would serve up in two more days. Mike did want to talk about the Patch, yes, but first he needed to come clean on all the previous celebrity and fame bullshit that had come about as a result of that first book, Everything I Say Is A Lie. All of that had been based on the assumption that he had been one of the ‘Wise Elves’, in tune with the ‘great secret’. For many years, all sorts of people, complete strangers, would come up and tell him how GREAT he was, “you know, like, um, Bono!” He needed to lay all of that bullcrap to rest once and for all, because, like he had confessed to the Table, back in Boffin’s bunker:
“I never hurt anybody, but I never helped anybody, either.”
That is what The Fraud was all about, and once that was settled, he would move on to the Patch itself, and its arrival on the scene, right in the nick of time.
Mike was becoming aware that the Patch was affecting him. Estrella was experiencing a change as well. Something was gently pushing him, Estrella, Shank and the others forward, almost enabling them all to see this whole thing through. The Nous, of course. He was grateful that the Nous, by way of Boffin Syznic, had the foresight and vision to set him back on track by giving him a mission. Incredibly, he and Shank had comically stumbled over what they had been searching for, like a couple of buffoons, and the Nous had proclaimed: “Cool!” Against all odds, and the combined forces of the Consortium, everyone at the Table had come through with shining colors, playing their parts to make the Patch a reality, with teamwork, pride, and dare he say it: humility. With this newly found humility, he now knew that he was ready to take the stage, not merely to promote himself, but to actually do something, instead of just giving lip service. If the world was indeed ‘sick’, then desperate individuals might at least listen to a crank.
Mike Chen could now look at himself in the mirror.

Feeling less like a tourist, and more like a resident, Estrella was starting to enjoy her walks down Siskiyou to Tivo’s Cafe. San Francisco would always be her home, but Ashland was quiet, charming, and the weather was golden. The town was having its problems, for sure, but some of these seemed to be very much self-inflicted. Well, they were here in Ashland to stir things up—in a good way, of course! A shipment of ten thousand promotional P-3 Patches had arrived just in time for Mike’s lecture, and they were hoping that these would be more than enough to blanket Ashland (and Medford) both before and after the lecture. Ashland was only the beginning. In one more week, Mike was scheduled to hit the road. Berkeley would be the next stop on his hastily booked lecture tour in support of The Fraud.

Boffin Syznic to Mike Chen, via YakMail:
“If the Patch can gain a toehold and be allowed to proceed unhindered, it will become such a large part of the Economy that the governments of the world will have no choice but to subsidize it, and distribute it for free or the peoples of the world will bring them down. We need a year. But fasten your seatbelts, we are in for a fight…”

August 27
Mike’s time to face the music, and the citizens of Ashland, had come. When Estrella showed up that night at the Armory an hour early, there was already a line up and down the block. (Standing at the head of the line was Wormwood, who couldn’t wait to get his wolfish teeth into the “new age healing advocate.”)
Unbeknownst to the Worm Man, newly appointed Police Chief Theresa Franco, in civilian garb, had joined the swelling line. She had her own copy of The Fraud tucked under her arm, just in case she got a moment to buttonhole Mike for an autograph. She also wore her brand new Patch on her forehead, and as she looked up and down the line, she chatted to a few people that recognized her.
“I’m just Mrs. Franco tonight, knock on wood!”
Estrella looked on at everybody with approval.
“Mike will easily make his money back on this one!” she snickered, as she entered the front doors. Once inside, she found Mike nervously pacing around with his notes on a clipboard.
“Is everything OK, E?”
“Ten-Four, I can relax now. Alex arrived safely at her Dad’s.”
Melissa Greenberg had been kind enough to escort Alex on a flight to Seattle to deposit the girl for a week with her father. (E’s ex, D. Klein.)
“Melissa has been such a help, Mike. She pretty much runs the office, leaving me squat to do. Too bad she’ll miss tonight.”
“She can catch the repeat.”
Estrella attempted to diffuse Mike’s nervousness.
“You know, I think you’re going to do real well tonight. You should see that line out there!”
“Yes, that’s good. I brought 300 P-3’s tonight. Would you would be so kind as to hand them out to the departing suckers?”
“I knew I couldn’t get away from working the gate somehow!”
Estrella already knew that she would be working the cash box.
“I’ve  already double-checked the credit card terminal, and put about $200 in small change in the box. So on top of whatever we collect, subtract the $200 from whatever we do, OK?”
“Of course! But don’t forget, I’m a millionaire now, and I don’t need to sweat over the small change! Do you have the speech all prepared?”
“Just about. The last couple of nights were something of a sweat, but I think I have down the main points I want to make. Once I get through this first one I think it’ll get a bit easier.”
Estrella gave him a kiss, for courage. Both of them were wearing the new P-3 Patch, and the pleasant feeling sent a ripple through their nerves, from their lips all the way down to their toes, and everywhere in between!
“Wow, Strella!”
Estrella smiled. “Me too, honey! Whew!”
“Do we have time for a quickie?”
“Sorry, lover. You’re on in twenty minutes.”
“No sweat, I only need five…”

Mike and Estrella began their setup. The wireless podium microphone was loaded with batteries, and tested. Roger Wilco. The cashbox now sat on a table near the door. Estrella located a tall stool and positioned it so she could both collect the cash and make change with only a slight move to the side. Mike collected his notes, written now on 3 x 5 cards. He stood for a moment at the podium and fingered the blues harp in his pocket. Closing his eyes, he focused on his mantra image: the plains of Tuva under the never-ending sky.
“Open the doors, Strella.”

Showtime.
Mike paced the stage, under the hot lights. The place was full, and his transitive wave of stage fright had passed, as usual. He sensed that a lot of folks in this audience were eager to hear from him, and to establish a shared ‘reason to believe’ that the world was, indeed, not spiraling off its axis. A solitary public television access camera was there to relay it all, out to the local college TV station, and online. This was it.
“Thanks for coming out! You are my test audience, in anticipation of my upcoming appearance in Vegas, where I will be warming up for Sir William Gallows.”
Mike paused for laughter.
“Yes, that’s right. Sir Gallows needs to raise some cash, due to unfortunate developments regarding his portfolio. What comes around, goes around. By the way, are there any DHS agents in the audience tonight? If so, welcome to the Third Eye Patch Healing Symposium.”
This time, the joke faltered slightly. There was definitely a little fear in the air.
“I am not a healer. I am a fraud, like my book’s title proclaims. But aren’t we all? We will discuss this, and many other things this evening.”
Estrella sat on the side of the stage. She had left the front doors open, after most of the ticket buying crowd had been seated. There was only standing room left, anyway.
This was the first time Estrella had ever seen Mike at work, although she knew the lore. She was impressed with the ease that Mike handled it all, and his uncanny use of the Power.
Mike spoke at length about his fleeting fame, and the powers of ego and illusion. He had come full circle, and was back in Ashland where his journey to self-discovery had began, three months ago. He was about to move onto the Patch itself, when he noticed a disturbance in the audience, near the front of the stage.
“Liar! Liar!” Wormwood yelled, as people tried to restrain him.
Mike didn’t miss a beat; he was warmed up, and in sync with the crowd rhythm.
“Hey, you weren’t supposed to start heckling until later! You are off-script!”
The crowd erupted in laughter.
“You fucked me over, Mr. Natural! You lying carpetbagger!”
An uneasy murmur rose from the crowd, but Worm wasn’t finished.
“You’re a Government Agent spreading misinformation to deceive us all.”
There were a few boos, and Mike moved quickly to calm the situation.
“Come on up on stage, so we can hash this out,” said Mike, “let him come on up.”
Wormwood did come up, cautiously.
“Go ahead. It’s all yours,” said Mike, handing him the microphone. Once under the lights, and in front of more than 300 people, Worm’s courage evaporated like vapor. Mike patted him on the back, gave him a thumbs up, and hopped off the stage to sit himself down in Wormwood’s empty front row seat, to thunderous applause.
The Worm Man stood stupefied, looking ridiculous under the lights. Catcalls were heard from all over the auditorium. Estrella watched it all in sadness. Rising from her seat, she made her way to the stage’s edge, and hissed down to Mike.
“Please, Mike. It’s time for some real healing, right here.”
Mike knew that he had maybe gone a little too far, but hadn’t the wretch had been asking for it? The zen moment had passed. Mike nodded, rose, and made his way back to the stage, and faced Wormwood for a long uncomfortable moment. Estrella took the microphone from Wormwood’s trembling hand. There was hardly a sound in the auditorium; the audience held its collective breath. Wormwood stood frozen in his aura of poison, and suddenly Mike was engulfed in the surety of the Nous, and as he gazed at Wormwood he grokked the pain and anguish of an unloved human being. The Nous insisted on it.
Did you pull this suffering fellow up here so you could demonstrate your superiority at his expense? Is this all that you have learned, son? You now have to take responsibility for this wounded soul. Finish what you started!
Mike's summons had finally arrived, courtesy of the Nous! The sureness. It was now time for Mike to put his money where his mouth was. Righteously ashamed and chastised, he stepped up to the wound up Wormwood and awkwardly embraced him. Tears flowed down both of their faces, as Mike led Wormwood to the rear of the stage, and onward out the back stage door. The audience exhaled in relief, and erupted into wild applause. Estrella stood dumbstruck with her mouth wide open.
(Did everybody here see what I just saw?)
Everybody in the place was on his or her feet, and Estrella didn’t know whether to laugh or to cry, so she proceeded to do both, as the crowd gave Mike and the Worm Man a standing ovation. Estrella ignored her tears, and spoke into the microphone:
“Let’s all take a break, folks, and talk to each other. Mike will be back, shortly.”
Wormwood was not off the hook, however. Outside behind the Armory in the clear air, Mike confronted him.
“OK, dude, what’s the beef?”
“You… you…” Wormwood sputtered.
“Spit it out!”
“You’re an asshole!”
“I know,” said Mike.
“Ever since that night at the Beau Club when you and that goon of yours tossed me into that jukebox, I’ve had to struggle and scrape to keep everything going! My shop closed! My life’s savings are getting eaten up in the attempt to restart a business that looked like it’d be here forever!”
“Nothing lasts,” said Mike.
“You’ve got a lot of nerve–”
“News flash: I had nothing to do with your sorry-ass business folding, and you know it. And I didn’t even throw one punch in that brawl. Someone sucker-punched me! Was that you?”
Now Wormwood was red-faced, and looked like he was ready to pop his cork again, if something didn’t calm the situation. Just then the side door opened, and out stepped Chief Theresa, holding her new copy of The Fraud and a Sharpie marker in her hands.
“Good evening, Ralph,” she said to Wormwood. “Are you staying out of trouble tonight?”
Theresa glanced at Mike, and back to the Worm. Knowing Franco and her moods all too well, Wormwood sheepishly stepped away from Mike, and hung his head. Mike rolled his eyes at Worm’s retreat, but was thankful for Theresa’s interruption, which had defused the situation. He happily signed the book for her.
‘TO PRESERVE AND PROTECT! — FOR CHIEF FRANCO, ONE OF THE GOOD GUYS!
—MIKE (I Fought The Law And The Law Won) CHEN
Mike handed the book back to her with a wink.
“I think everything is under control out here, ma’am.”
Franco looked at Wormwood again for a long moment, before going back inside. Wormwood remembered his shillelagh, and opened his coat to show Mike that he was packing ‘heat’.
“Oh, please!” Mike snorted, “Let’s go back inside, and let me apologize for being such an asshole, and you can smile and shut the fuck up and let me give my presentation, OK?”
Wormwood looked around him, as if to be sure there were no other government agents lurking nearby, and nodded in agreement. Mike patted Worm’s back.
“Good dude! Now let me get back to work, and earn my fee, OK?”
“I can chill, I can chill.”
Mike held the door open.
“After you, heart of mine, after you.”

Mike played some blues on his harmonica as the crowd animal settled down, and Wormwood returned to his seat, where he behaved himself for the remainder of the evening. When all was quiet, Mike took the wireless microphone in his hand, and sat himself down on the very edge of the stage.
“OK! Where were we, does anybody remember?”

The presentation went well, despite Mike's first night jitters and paranoia that the audience would write him off only as a hustler and an Elmer Gantry. All of that was true of course, and he made that clear up front. 
“Look, I admit that I am here to give a pitch, not only for the Third Eye Patch, but my new book, and Jennifer Morgan's new exercise DVD, of course.” 
Many in the audience cheered at that one. Jennifer's debate with Sir William Gallows was still being talked about. 
“By the way, I have seen the nude photos currently in the tabloids, but you must remember that Jennifer was only 18 years old at the time, living on Top Ramen, and stale pizza! Her old car was up on blocks, and she had a sick kitty cat that needed to go to the vet! I was there, folks, and we were so poor that sometimes we had to flip a coin, just to see who would eat on any given night—us, or that blasted cat!” 
Estrella gave Mike a thumb's up from the wings, as the audience ate it all up. The only thing missing was an occasional rim-shot, especially after a good one-liner.
In spite of the jokes and obvious self-promotion, Mike hoped that he got his message across with honesty and sincerity, so people could then make up their own minds about the Patch for themselves.
“I have been wearing the Patch for nearly a month now, and keep a weekly log, as recommended. Would you believe that I've lost almost ten pounds, without even trying? I'm drinking less coffee and beer, and have definitely cut down on the impulsive snacks and junk food. I'm also using less added salt and sugar these days, and my partner and I have stopped eating big suppers in the evenings. As for my, ahem, personal life… (pause for nervous laughter)—well, let's just say that both of us are doing fine, thank you very much, and have no complaints in that particular department!” 
Mike winked at Estrella, who blushed furiously from the sidelines as the audience broke into jolly applause.
“The Patch is the real deal, folks! Don't believe ANYTHING you read, see, or hear in the mainstream media, because THEY are part of the problem, and full partners behind the facade, and the conspiracy to keep you sick and unhappy!”
Most of the audience hung around for the lengthy Q and A session that followed. A lot of people wanted more information about the Patch, and Mike reminded them that each and every one of them was free to take a complimentary Patch home with them. A few folks wanted to talk about God, and Mike assured them that donning the Patch and seeking the Nous would not conflict with anybody's belief systems. “There's room for everybody at the Table!”
Some people in the audience wanted to rant (justifiably) about the Government's collusion with the Pharmaceutical Industry. Others were more concerned about the domestic surveillance program, conducted by hi-tech corporations such as GIGGLE, NoseBook, and MacroEye, at the Government's bidding. What about all those black helicopters and chem-trails everybody was talking about? Was the Government really lying about the 'growing threat' of so-called cyber-terrorists like the Bonny Black Prince? One joker in the back of the auditorium wanted to know if Mike included any nude photos of Jennifer Morgan in the new book, which earned him an enthusiastic round of applause from the guys, and (mostly) good-natured boos from the gals in the audience. Mike did his best to keep the discussion grounded on Planet Earth. The Q and A actually went on longer than his rehearsed presentation, and Mike was running out of gas when someone flicked the houselights. Estrella scurried over and whispered into his ear, and he nodded gratefully. 
“Thank you all! Don’t forget to take your complimentary Patch on the way out, and also that my new book, ‘The Fraud’ is available at all outlets, and online! Spread the word to all your friends, neighbors, families, and associates! Goodnight!”
Wormwood came back up onstage, as Mike regaled the departing crowd with the Wimoweh theme on his blues harp. Estrella handed out Patches, one by one to the audience as they filed out of the Armory, and she smiled when Theresa Franco grabbed a few bunches, and gave her a hand.
“Thank you,” said Estrella.
“No problem at all,” said Theresa. “Why don’t we get together for a cup of tea? Or maybe something a little bit stronger?”
Estrella chuckled and nodded in the affirmative. “I would love to, er, Chief!”
“You can call me Terry.”
Terry Franco looked like a good friend to have.
It had been a good introduction, although Mike knew that he needed to iron out a few wrinkles for his next lecture. The first one was always the hardest.
Estrella and Franco waved to Mike from the front of the hall.
(At least Chief Franco didn’t have to call out the troops tonight!)
Mike could only smile. All was well, and he had the local heat on his side (with the possible exception of maybe 'Officer Beef'!).
But later, as Mike and Estrella walked home in the soft summer evening, two shadowy figures paced them from a block behind.
“It would be so easy,” murmured one of the spooks to the other. “No hassle, no fuss.”
“Shut the fuck up,” replied the other. “Thor himself gave the order: Hands off the Grasshopper, if you haven’t forgotten.”
“So easy, two caps each in the back of their heads—”
“Save a bullet for yourself, while you’re at it.”
“Just sayin’—”

69: Do Not Attempt To Adjust The Picture, We Are Controlling Transmission

August 27, Late
DHS Field Officer Frank Mumford (Officer Beef) opened a fresh canned cocktail as he monitored Mike Chen and Estrella Klein as they made the beast with two backs out in their hot tub. Mumford's cam was located right in the tub fixture itself, right at head and shoulders level, and was set for both day and night vision. A tiny microphone (about the size of a sesame seed) dangled like an invisible thread of spider silk from the light fixture a few feet above the tub. 
Mumford insisted to himself that he wasn't a pervert, oh no, he just liked to watch. Nobody hurt, and no harm done. Take this Estrella Klein twist, with her flat chest and earnest but horsy face. Beef was OK with that. He actually liked this Klein woman, and would never kick HER out of bed, even if she was a little homely. So what? Mumford's dear old mama was homely too. Why be choosy? Dames were dames, guys were guys, and life was a two-way street. Mumford didn't particularly care about what made women tick, and hoped that the feeling (on the other side) was mutual. Why waste precious time trying to figure it all out? Women came from the far side of the sky, a whole other matrix. Sometimes they threw the boys a few crumbs and let them get lucky and rut with them, just as long as the boys behaved and did what they were told. What else was new? Mumford had no complaints; that was just the way of the world, since the beginning. End of discussion. 
After a while even Beef Mumford got a little bored with Mike and Estrella's charming sex life (at least for this evening) so instead he reviewed the video that his spooks hacked from the Grasshopper's lecture down at the Armory. Some of this stuff definitely raised some red flags, to be sure, and needed to be passed on to Magog. Mumford despised phony punks like this Michael Chen, who was nothing more than a snarky con man, in his humble opinion. It didn't really matter, because Chen and Klein were almost certainly slated for termination, somewhere down the line—you could bank on it. Ditto for Chief Theresa Franco. After all, the foolish woman was actually spotted (right out in public) wearing that blasted Third Eye Patch gizmo on her forehead, so her name was immediately added to the red flag list. Adios, Chief Franco. Beef Mumford actually felt a little bit of sympathy for Franco. It was such a frigging waste—likewise for Klein. It WAS a mean old world. 
After reviewing the video for any technical glitches (there weren't any) Mumford scrambled and encrypted the file, and without delay forwarded it via nasty-dragonfly-sat-com to Magog, Master of the Sacred Grove.

Later that night, Magog reviewed the footage of the Grasshopper’s lecture with a troubled mind. Magog wasn't the only one who had serious doubts on what to do. Wintergren himself was definitely in a quandary on how the King should be briefed on this serious and delicate matter, regarding the Grasshopper. 
“Read The Fraud,” Wintergren urged him, and Magog did so, in less than three hours. Very readable, but not terribly illuminating, of course. But this book and this man were very dangerous. Chen, in his own unique way, seemed to be a modern-day Isaiah or Ezekiel, strange as it sounded.
“OK, I read the whole blasted book,” Magog typed out for Wintergren, “So what do you think we should do now?”
“WE? How the hell should I know, Grove Master! That's why I suggested that YOU read the bloomin' book!” 
Wintergren, despite his brilliance, could be downright snotty and difficult at times. Maybe it was time for him to be retired! Magog could almost hear the Big G laughing, somewhere out there.
For the first time in many years, Magog was at a complete loss at putting his own articulate thoughts into words, because these were dark and sinister thoughts, killing thoughts. Seemingly overnight, right out of nowhere, this man Chen, this nobody, was up front and center in the public eye, a loose cannon, planting doubts about the Government, right at this critical hour! Maybe he wasn't a household word as of yet, but he did have a notorious reputation, not to mention a beautiful ex-girlfriend who just happened to be married to the top smart-weapons tycoon in the USA! This Bronski woman seemed to be in all the tabloids these days. 
How about some dessert? Chen's ex-wife Jennifer Morgan recently decimated that bloviating buffoon Sir William Gallows, right on national TV. Nude (but tasty) photos of Morgan currently graced the covers of the tabloids and were making the usual rounds on the Net. Synchronicity, or just good old-fashioned garden variety serendipity? You just can't buy this sort of publicity!
Michael Chen was a living, walking time-bomb, and something had to be done. Something hardcore. What to do?
The hours passed by slowly, and he prayed to Lucifer for guidance, but the howling winds that blew through the redwood treetops provided no insight or answers.
Dawn found Magog still with no meaningful analysis to present to the President. This Grasshopper fellow, this goddamned Mike Chen was indeed a wild card, and presented an element of uncertainty that could totally undermine and torpedo the upcoming operation. No fuck ups could be allowed this time around! The fact that Wintergren didn't know what to do about Michael Chen made Magog extremely nervous. Damn it all, they needed to act decisively on the proper course of action, regarding that Guru joker, Syznic, and those trouble-makers in the Table Foundation. For some unfathomable reason, Chen seemed to be the spiritual key to this whole fucking OtherNet and Third Eye Patch business—not the goddamned Welshman or that brilliant dying cripple, Boffin Syznic. Why Mike Chen?
Magog was an accredited expert with degrees in psychology and sociology, and he didn't like what he saw unfold last night on that stage up there in Ashland. Although the charismatic Chen was NOT a political ideologue, Wintergren insisted that he could (and would) cause great damage to the Great Eye as a popular rallying figurehead for the growing opposition to the King. Who would have known? Magog couldn't quite put his finger on it, but he feared that the Grasshopper was even more dangerous to the Pyramid than a dozen jihadist death squads! Two dozen! He needed to be silenced, as soon as possible. Unfortunately, President Hammer was always indecisive in a clutch, and sometimes didn't have the stomach to do what needed to be done. In other words, the Great King Thor was a nothing but an unreliable coward. Damn the man!
“Tread softly, tread so very softly,” Magog murmured to himself as he sipped from a cup of steaming Sri Lankan tea, just to steady his nerves. The President was waiting to be briefed, and it was already 9:00 AM, back in DC.

FW Piltdown found his father brooding down by the Russian River at sunrise.
“Bad night, Pop?”
Magog was in a melancholy mood, so he reached out to his son, because they did need to reconnect. Family was family, after all.
“What do you think we should do with the Grasshopper, Walker?”
“That's an easy one, Dad. I say we blow his brains out, without hesitation. End of problem.”
“Life just isn't quite that simple, son, although sometimes I wish it was.”
FW said nothing to that, and Magog walked away in gloomy frustration. 
After breakfast, Magog revised his summary for the King, and set up the sat-com link.

THOR: A clear and present danger, Magog? This Grasshopper fellow? How can HE undermine our interests, pray tell?
MAGOG: He might seem like a minor player, but I am not so sure. This so-called Grasshopper could be, no, IS a grave and potential threat to National Security, during this heightened state of unrest and distrust. His popularity grows by the day. We DO have men in place in Ashland, good men, and maybe… well, maybe we can possibly keep this matter confined in Ashland, if you understand me, sir.
THOR: Negative on that, Magog. Nein! Don't get too excited. This guy's just a flake, a New Age Cocoa Crispy.
MAGOG: With a red-hot book on Valkyrie, Grendel, and Avocado, sir. Wintergren assures me that this book of his WILL be number one, in only a matter of weeks.
THOR: So what? Who do we sanction next time around, maybe Shirley McClain? I repeat, let's leave the goddamned Grasshopper be… at least for the time being. Concentrate on the OtherNet! Find the Welshman, this so-called Yak Master!
MAGOG: Yes sir.
After the President signed off, Magog meditated for a bit, and then made his decision: Michael Chen, aka the Grasshopper, will be sanctioned quietly, discretely, on or around October 1, when Thor was preoccupied with more important matters. Nobody needed to know. So be it.
Waiting IS.

Magog accompanied FW out to the Grove's reserved parking lot and relayed the King's latest directives. “The President has spoken, son. Chen is to be left alone, I repeat, left absolutely alone, until we are told otherwise. The DHS will continue to monitor his movements and harass him whenever possible. Your assignment is to track and apprehend the elusive Guru, who after all, IS the technical mastermind of Syznic's whole operation. Use all of our available resources to find him without delay! Agents Edwards and Richards will remain at your disposal, and by the way, I am quite impressed with your Ronald Moblad, son. His father and I go way back: Yale, class of '62! A good man from a solid family. Let's see what young Moblad can do!—Anyway, the Welshman is our immediate concern for the present moment.”
“Yes sir, Pop. I'm pretty sure that it is only a matter of time before we smoke this Guru out into the open.”
“Good enough, Walker. Go with Satan.”

FW speculated about Michael Chen's future, as he drove south on US 101 back to his operational base in Frisco. Because of political correctness (and Thor's cowardice) Magog's hands were tied, so Chen was to be spared the noose! At least for the moment. But creative alternative solutions to pesky problems like the Grasshopper were always an option. Blackmail? Child pornography? Suicide? Carbon monoxide poisoning or maybe good old brake failure?
Chen can wait. He ain't going nowhere.
FW had more important priorities on the back-burner. Priorities involving personal honor and closure. Magog (and the President) didn't need to know that three people in particular were going to die, very soon now. Oh yes. Boffin Syznic, Peter Derringer, and last but not least, Beta Bronski-Derringer. Maybe even Chen himself could be added to this list, once Magog, Grampa and Thor were preoccupied with the upcoming military operation against Iran. Chen wasn't that important, but Syznic and the Bronski-Derringers were going to exit this world very soon now. This was ordained by the stars and constellations!
In the meantime, FW needed lay to low, play dumb, and wait for an opening when the time was right. When all of this business with Syznic was concluded, he needed to make both Pop and Grampa go away, like for good. No other scenario was acceptable. It was high time to turn out the old, and ring in the new. FW Piltdown would finally assume his rightful custodianship of the Sacred Grove. But to achieve these ends, FW needed to find a discrete and reliable ally, not to mention adequate funding. 
Fister Perry?
FW gunned his Plymouth sedan onto the Golden Gate Bridge and sang along with Karen Carpenter, crooning smoothly over the radio: “We have only just begun…”

August 30-31
Mike was in no particular hurry as he drove south on Interstate 5, this time by night. The hazy full moon kept him company for much of the way, until it finally set behind a line of dark, forbidding hills in the west. The night was warm but not unpleasant, as the Sacramento Valley rolled out before him.
Mike had two more days to prepare for his first 'official' promotional lecture, scheduled for September 2 in Berkeley. Six cases of The Fraud, and 2,000 P-3 Patches were stacked in the cargo area of the Subaru. 
“Looking good, no sweat,” he chuckled to himself. “We're in the money, oh yes…” 
Several hours before dawn, he pulled up to a trucker's diner outside the town of Helm's Crossing, and ordered coffee, ham, eggs, and toast. Big mistake. The coffee sucked, and the greasy eggs and ham didn't sit well in his stomach.
“Live and learn!”
Spotting an all-night market, he bought some apple juice and a banana to rectify the damage. Dawn was on the horizon when he pulled up to a motel outside of Winters, and he flopped until early afternoon. Chilly San Francisco awaited him, down the road.
Epilogue

August 31, Near Dawn, FW Piltdown's Command HQ, San Francisco

Another long day and even longer sleepless night, down in Bagdad by the Bay. FW crushes out his thirty-eighth cigarette of the day, kicks off his shoes, and steps out of his pants. After turning out the light, he lays himself down onto his military cot and reaches for some lubricant on the night table. Closing his eyes, FW settles into an ongoing and soothing fantasy… 

An overcast late afternoon in Washington DC. Over one million people have gathered at the National Mall between the Washington Monument and the Lincoln Memorial to witness the executions. A large gallows and scaffold have been erected, facing the reflecting pool. The platform is thirty feet high, and is draped with patriotic flags, streamers, and bunting. Large digital display monitors have been placed along the entire length of the Mall, all the way down to Capitol Hill, for the benefit of the overflow crowd. Billions more earthlings are watching worldwide, via satellite.
At the sound of muffled drums and trumpets, the festive crowd parts like the Red Sea and makes way for a horse-drawn chariot; FW Piltdown, clad in a toga and a shiny silver helmet, holds the reins. An open oxcart follows in his wake, carrying three bound and hooded men, splattered with filth and feces. Behind the cart, a line of bound prisoners trudge wearily, on foot. Mounted goons with cattle prods keep them moving. These condemned prisoners are also pelted with trash, and regaled with cat-calls. The procession halts in front of the gallows, and the festivities commence, in earnest.
After a number of patriotic speeches, Blue Angel flyovers, and a wide range of family entertainment (including the USMC Band, old balding folksingers, swimsuit models, and hip-hop artists, the three hooded prisoners from the oxcart are led up the scaffold steps and are lined up on the platform, facing the crowd. Their hoods are pulled away from their heads, and the vast crowd roars its approval as three comely swimsuit models expertly tighten nooses around the necks of Magog Piltdown, Wilbur Prescott, and Phillip 'Thor' Hammer. After reciting the charges against the trio, FW Piltdown, never one to waste any time, pulls down a lever and the trapdoor swings open with a loud creak. The well-oiled crowd erupts in rapturous ecstasy as the three men plunge to their deaths. Their bodies swing around and bounce back and forth against each other like marionettes. On cue, the Marine Band strikes up the theme from the motion picture 'Rocky', and a fireworks show commences, as a long line of FW's political enemies are led up the steps to be hanged by giddy and bubbly swimsuit models. 

All praise Lucifer, hallelujah, amen—but wait, the best is still yet to come… 

FW descends down the stone steps and enters his newly-constructed customized dungeon and torture chamber, directly underneath the basement of his vacation house located in the woods ten miles outside of Damascus, Maryland. Wearing a black leather uniform and sporting a riding crop, FW smiles with satisfaction at the three naked prisoners chained up along the dank, dripping wall: Michael Chen, Peter Derringer, and Beta Bronski-Derringer. In the corner of the dungeon, a bound and gagged Boffin Syznic squirms in his wheelchair.
“Together at last!” 
Without further ado, FW raises his Colt .45 revolver and points it at Syznic's head. “This is payback time, Syznic. This has been a long time coming. There is nothing left to say. Goodbye.”
FW pulls the trigger, and the report from the revolver is deafening in the confined underground chamber. The resulting mess is considerable, and FW whirls around to see that his three dangling prisoners are thrashing and writhing about in their chains. 
Good.
Beta's naked and glistening body quivers with fear, and FW grins like a crocodile as he gently removes her gag.
“Oh, my Special Agent Beta. Today is Reckoning Day, when all accounts are paid up in full. Did you really think that YOU could get the jump on ME? I really thought that you were smarter than that… I had such high hopes for you.”
“Please,” Beta begs, “I'll do anything you want, I swear!”
“Oh I know you will… oh yes, you will.”
FW hums 'Here Comes the Sun' as he fires up the furnace and places the business ends of various torture devices into the flames. 
“Once I'm finished with these two scumbags, you and I will have all the time in the world, my little Miss Bronski! All the time in the world.” 
FW uses a pot-holder to remove the molten-hot pinchers from the furnace, and turns to face Chen, who along with Peter Derringer, has a strip of duct tape across his mouth. Very soon now, these two are going to join Eric Taylor, Mark Diller, and David Cross in the very exclusive 'I BONED BETA BRONSKI AND DIDN'T EVEN GET A LOUSY T-SHIRT' Club.
“You're up first, Grasshopper! No hard feelings, but you started all of this. Shall we begin?”
FW steps forward and roughly tears the strip of tape free from Chen's face.
“Pay attention, Beta darling!” 
Chen's screams echo throughout the dungeons and the underground passageways.

FW Piltdown descends into a restless, fitful sleep. It is almost dawn.

(Here ends Part 1 of THIRD EYE PATCH. This tale will be concluded in THIRD EYE PATCH Part 2: FLIGHT OF THE GRASSHOPPER, available 2014 at Smashwords.com, and all outlets.)

Click to the next page for a sneak preview of  THIRD EYE PATCH Part 2: FLIGHT OF THE GRASSHOPPER

Excerpt from THIRD EYE PATCH Part 2: 
FLIGHT OF THE GRASSHOPPER

Boffin Syznic paused in the middle of his sketch of Rosie Leeds sunbathing, and impulsively pulled out his journal from the side pocket of his wheelchair and rapidly jotted down a few lines, and studied them.
I have fought the good fight, I have finished the course, I have kept the faith.
— Saul of Tarsus, dictated to Timótheos, of Lystra
Boffin nodded at what he had written, and closed the journal. Rosie rolled over on her blanket and grinned up at Boffin, who winked back at her.
“I think you better put your top back on now, Rosie. Mike Chen has quite a notorious reputation as a rake with a roving eye for beautiful young women, and he's been known to lose control…”
“Oh boss, you are so full of shit!”
“How very perceptive of you, my dear girl!”
Rosie shrugged and slipped her t-shirt over her head, as Boffin dabbed his eyes with a handkerchief.
“Speak of the Devil, here comes Mr. Chen.”

Mike found Boffin sitting out under the oak tree, just like he said he would be, with his easel in front of him. Rosie lay nearby on a blanket with her headphones and a few of her college textbooks. Mike was sure that Rosie was packing heat in her book bag, and he wondered where people like Rosie came from.
(According to BJ, Rose was the best shot of the lot. She could hit a target at thirty feet, do a one-eighty, and score a direct hit on target number two, in three seconds.)
Boffin looked up from his sketch as Mike approached him with a wide smile and his hand outstretched. Boffin shook his hand with a strong, firm grip.
“So glad you made it, Mike. —Rosie, would you be so kind to go and fetch Mr. Chen a nice cold lemonade? As for me… well, I can watch!”
Boffin winked at Mike, to assure him that he was just joshing him.

Mike and Boffin sat under the oak tree. The day was getting hot, thanks to a stubborn Pacific High that had settled in over Northern California. Santa Ana winds were forecast for the afternoon, and the fire danger was very high.
“Mike, they are coming for us. They will make their move… very soon. I see vultures perched on the roof of the White House and the Capitol Building… storm crows… we need to prepare for the coming tempest.”
“The crows! Boffin, the Nous showed me—you must be in tune with the Nous!”
“I’m not sure of anything, because I am navigating in the dark out here… I see many things, but understand little of it. I’m pretty confused, to tell you the truth… you are the one, Mike. It is you that is in communion with that consciousness you call the Nous.”
Mike decided to change the subject. 
“I’m driving back to Ashland today.”
“And I am providing you with a driving partner! As I told you earlier, I have assigned Bailey Jamison to your case, because she is my best, and the most capable and adaptable for this task. You and Estrella, of all people, need to be protected, and must survive the upcoming cataclysm. Check this out.”
Boffin pulled out a package of transparent Patches, and handed them over.
“P-4,” whispered Boffin, “specially tailored to your current brainshots. I have been working on these in secret. Mimi is suspicious, and Lori is, well, not on board. These are not for ‘public consumption’. Only you, me, and the Guru have them. I’ll talk to Steve next week. Guru will not don his until October. He is the ‘stand-in stunt man’. Bailey Jamison is in the know, and has not only been assigned to be your shadow, but she is to protect the integrity of the P-4 Patch as well.
“You were chosen because of your temperament and brainwaves are the closest in our group to our ideal, and ironically, the original ‘Wimoweh’ itself. We want you to wear it for thirty days, and then it will be analyzed for finalization. You are the chosen one, Mike.”
“Chosen for what, Boff?”
“To lead the way to the OuterNet, by way of the InnerNet, with a little help from the OtherNet. Do you want to be part of it? We chose you, because you are the best candidate.”
“The OuterNet? What are you talking about?”
“You have already glimpsed it: The Nous. You can be the first to bring us back a detailed report. Think about it.”

They made their way out to the front of the house, where the Subaru was parked. 
“Mike, I need to tell you something.” Boffin spoke in a voice barely above a whisper. “Remember the great Fed Pig Raid? The morons missed my hidden room. It’s still there, and —”
Boffin gestured for Mike to lean in close.
“Did you know that Rem and I have another tunnel? Sneaky bastards, aren't we? Mimi thinks that it caved in some time back, but it's still there, the last time I checked. It leads way out to an old deserted barn, well hidden from the road, where a specially designed pickup truck, full of supplies, waits patiently.”
“Gotcha, Boff.”
“I'm not sure if I will even bother, however. We shall see. My time is nearly over, and I would rather make my last stand right here, on my freehold. The truck happens to be my personal physician's idea, just in case I change my mind. For some unfathomable reason, he is dead-set on keeping me alive!”
Mike nodded in understanding, sadly recalling Lori Dryer's words:
Boffin is dying, Mike. Dying with dignity.
Boffin dabbed his eyes. “As I told you in my YakMail, Bailey Jamison has opened up her heart to me, and although she is at the top of her game and quite capable, events from her past have caught up with her, and she desperately needs guidance and a trusted friend to confide in… BJ leads a very lonely life these days… all work and duty. Hell, she's just dying to bust out of her shell and just have a little fun! She told me this herself, in so many words. She also told me that you and Estrella are her best friends… maybe her only friends…”
“Boffin, I am such a fucking idiot… I didn't have a clue. Sure, we've been together a lot lately, and I do like her very much… and yes, I do find her very attractive, in her VERY own unique way… I know that she and Estrella are pretty tight, but… like I said, I'm pretty oblivious to things right in front of my own nose.”
“Rem insists that BJ is the best of his operatives. Try to remember that, if she begins to cramp your style! Very soon now, this whole country is going to be turned upside down, and you and Estrella must survive the coming chaos.”
“What about you, Boff?”
Boffin abruptly broke out into tears but quickly recovered.
“Aw snap, not a word to anyone, please?”
“Right.”
The two men awkwardly embraced each other. This was most likely goodbye, Mike thought.
“Never say never, Mike,” said Boffin with a smile, as they released each other. “Don’t forget to send me a Yak!”
“Every day, Boff.”
“Just remember: F. Walker Piltdown and his monsters are coming. Governor Moone won’t answer my calls. Something must have spooked him, and we are on our own. I don’t want Mimi to come home from New York. I told her… I told her not to come back, and well, she thinks I’ve completely lost my mind… Lori doesn’t know what to think. Help me convince them, Mike. We are all being set up. I am even trying to send a warning to Beta Bronski. Piltdown wants her and Derringer dead, too.”
Mike was momentarily stunned. “Beta?”
Boffin smiled mysteriously. “Bronski actually wants to meet with me, and I just might take her up on it, just as long as we do it really soon.”
Mike let that one go, along with bittersweet feelings of guilt and nostalgia.
BJ came around from the side of the garage, as Boffin produced a hand-written notebook and handed it to Mike, who nodded.
“I gave one to the Guru, too. Keep your head down.”
There were no more words spoken between them. They shook hands, and Boffin turned away and rolled over to BJ, who bent down to receive his kiss. Boffin whispered something in her ear, and then he moved off into the yard.
