Hero’s Curse
by
Jack J. Lee
Smashwords Edition
Copyright 2011
All rights Reserved
Version IV
Primary Editors:
Tracy Klette
George C. Hopkins
Secondary Editors:
Andrew Chase
Jynna Gillispie
Paul Gross
Haridas Radhakrishnan

Smashwords Edition, License Notes.

Thank you for downloading this eBook. You are welcome to share it with your friends. This book may be reproduced, copied and distributed for non-commercial purposes, provided the book remains in its complete original form. If you enjoyed this book, please return to Smashwords.com to discover other works by this author. Thank you for your support.

Books written by Jack J. Lee can be obtained either through the author’s official website:
http://www.jackjlee.com or through select, online book retailers.
Table of Contents:
Dedication
Introduction:
Chapter 1: The Beginning
Chapter 2: The Beating
Chapter 3: Dinner
Chapter 4: Home Sweet Home
Chapter 5: Of Men and Angels
Chapter 6: Pig Latin
Chapter 7: Gearing Up
Chapter 8: Redcaps
Chapter 9: Who Do You Trust
Chapter 10: True Love and Jehovah
Chapter 11: Peacocking
Chapter 12: The Kiss
Chapter 13: The Sisters
Chapter 14: The More the Merrier
Chapter 15: Run Away
Chapter 16: Road Trip
Chapter 17: Sabotage
Chapter 18: The Principles of Magic
Chapter 19: Bait
Chapter 20: Soulmates
Chapter 21: Calm before the Storm
Chapter 22: The Deal
Chapter 23: Single Combat
Chapter 24: Samson
Chapter 25: Going Home
Chapter 26: The Proposal
Chapter 27: Drew
Chapter 28: Oathbreaker
Chapter 29: Waiting for the Word
Chapter 30: Revenge
Chapter 31: Aftermath
Sample of Mythic Hero, Book II of the Paladin Files
End Notes:
Dedication
I don’t know how it is with other authors but for me, it takes a village to write a book. If I hadn’t had the help of my editors, family, and friends, there is no way I would have been able to write one book much less three.
I’d like to thank Tracy. Your relentless pursuit of perfection drove me nuts but because of you, I’ve become a better author.
George, you are indeed a gentleman, scholar, bon vivant, and raconteur extraordinaire. I give you a genuine Marvel ‘No-Prize!’ One of these days when I find the cash, I’ll send you an autographed dollar bill. It’s the least I can do for all your help. I owe you so much.
Andrew, without your obsessive compulsion to discuss unessential details, life wouldn’t be nearly as fun. Your suggestion that I reveal a character’s emotions by describing how he acts instead of just writing, ‘he feels this and that’ was a stroke of genius.
Without Jynna, Paul, and Hari this book would have more errors and would look much less professional. I’d like to thank all my fans who volunteered to be beta readers.
Finally, I’d like to thank my wife. Rose, without your support and superhuman ability to tolerate my quirks and flaws, I wouldn’t have the time or energy to be an author.
Jack J. Lee

Introduction:
I’ve got no choice but to warn you. Read further, the truth will be revealed and it will enslave you. You don’t want to know how the Universe works. I know I didn’t.
I don’t care who you are or what you believe—Christian, Muslim, Hindu, Wiccan, Atheist, anything and everything. You’re all wrong.
The following is a story of my life after I got drafted by God to fight the minions of darkness. Jehovah of the Holy Bible exists and holy warriors are needed to defend us.
If you’re wise, you’ll set this book down now and walk away. Keep your illusions; they won’t hurt you. Learn too much, open the door that is better left closed, and you’ll be fighting by my side.
Victor Paladin
Servant of the Lord

Chapter 1: The Beginning
It was a little after 10 p.m. and I’d just taken the front panel off an ATM in a strip mall in when a guy came walking up. He stopped at the ‘men at work’ tape that I’d set up earlier. All the shops in the mall had closed hours ago, and there was no one else around besides the two of us.
Without bothering to turn my head or get up from my crouch, I said, “Sorry, this ATM is going to be out of commission until business hours tomorrow morning.” 
“The machinery, it is defective?” The guy had a foreign accent I couldn’t place. 
“Yeah.” I turned my head to check him out. He was blond, clean-shaven, a little over six feet tall with a medium frame, dressed in a button down shirt and jeans. His looks told me he was Scandinavian. It was odd that he’d walked to this mall instead of driving to it.
“It is late for you to work.”
“Well, like my daddy says, money never sleeps. I’m being paid overtime, so the shoppers tomorrow can get their cash.”
The guy looked like a typical law abiding denizen of Cottonwood Heights, a small middle class suburb of Salt Lake City, Utah but the thing about ATMs is that everybody knows there’s money in them. With the front panel of the ATM being open and us being alone, the only two things standing between him and a nice payoff was me and his personal respect for private property. Since he was a few inches taller than me and outweighed me by thirty to forty pounds, he probably didn’t see me as much of a threat. Also I’d started my conversation with this guy with a lie, I wasn’t repairing this ATM but breaking into it.
None of us like to believe strangers are better than us. I naturally assumed that this guy’s respect for other people’s money was on par with mine. I wasn’t surprised at all when he broke the sanctity of my ‘men at work’ tape and lunged at me. I had no hard feelings as I shot him in the face with my Taser C2. His body froze. Since he was already throwing himself forward, he landed face first on the sidewalk. His expression was hilarious.
Once he recovered enough to pay attention to what I was doing, I was going to fake a call to the cops on my cell. He’d probably take off running as fast as he could. I doubted he would call 911. Even if he did, I’d be long gone before the cops came.
I’ve had the opportunity to tase muggers before; they never had much fight left afterwards. Thirty seconds later, he tried to grab me from the ground. Since I had been expecting him to just lay there for a while, he almost got me. I had to give the guy credit; he was tougher than the average hood.
The Taser C2 only has one distance cartridge, but can be used as a contact weapon multiple times. Mine also had a tube of pepper spray attached with a cord. I tapped his forearm with the Taser and at the same time sprayed him in the face.
He froze for a split second. What the fuck! The son of a bitch was growing fangs! He screamed in agony and then heaved himself off the ground at me. He rammed his shoulder into the pit of my stomach, hard enough to take me off my feet and knock the wind out of me.
Thousands of hours of martial arts training paid off. I instinctively angled my body to ensure that the padded part of my ass hit the ground first, and then rolled on my back. I thrust up with my legs and threw his body over mine. We both ended up on our backs, our heads about a foot apart.
I ignored my inability to breathe and scrambled up making sure to grab the Taser. The screwdriver I’d been using was lying next to the Taser. I picked the screwdriver up too. Mr. Fangs and I got to our feet at the same time. I eyed him with surprise.  Someone had hit the freak several times with an ugly stick when I wasn’t looking. He had bat-like ears, inch-long fangs, clawed fingers, and it looked like he was turning green. When my diaphragm finally stopped spasming, I took a deep, gasping breath.
He seemed upset. He snarled, “Mortal, your death will be long and hard.”
Did he say mortal? Was I being punked? The situation was so weird that for a second I almost lost focus. This had to be a scene from a B-grade horror movie, but there was no way to put on high quality makeup this quickly. I could see the huge pores on his face. His fricking tongue was forked, and he smelled like rotting meat marinated in week old sweat. A production company wouldn’t lather on fake stank. As hard as it was to believe, this son of a bitch was real. I was going to have to kill him. Fuck, I hated getting rid of bodies.
Fangs was fast, but he had problems seeing. His eyes were swollen and tearing. His roundhouse swing at my chest missed. I tapped him again with the Taser. In the split second he was frozen, I used my other hand to slam the screwdriver into his temple. It penetrated to the hilt. Instead of collapsing like I expected, he stood there blinking.
This was insane, surreal. I grabbed the screwdriver again and wiggled it, turning whatever the hell it was’ brain into mash. It finally dropped.
Holy shit! It still wasn’t dead; I couldn’t believe it. What the hell was it? Could it be a vampire? Did I believe in vampires? Whatever it was, I couldn’t afford to let it stay alive. There was no way I was going to let it have a second chance at me.
I looked up. There was no one around. My watch said just two minutes had passed since I’d started working on the ATM. I had been in view of the ATM camera the entire time. The machine was an older model, the kind that still used actual videotape. I needed that tape.
I looked back down at the freak wondering if he’d return to looking human now that he was unconscious. No, he still had bat-like ears and fangs. I was tempted to just take off, but if he was a vampire, he’d probably wake up as soon as somebody pulled my screwdriver out of his skull. If that happened, what were the odds that he’d come after me?
I took my acetylene torch out of my workbox and put on my goggles. I used my torch to cut the thing’s head off. The stink of burning flesh was awful, but at least there wasn’t any blood. After decapitation, it finally stopped breathing.
The cops here changed shifts at 10 p.m. and during shift changes, they usually all met at their station. I’d chosen this ATM because it’d take the cops at least, eleven minutes to drive here from there. I was sure an alarm had gone off as soon as I’d opened the ATM. I looked at my watch. I had about five and a half minutes. I grabbed the ATM video tape. I knew I shouldn’t; I didn’t have time to waste, but I couldn’t resist. I emptied out the cash too.
If Fang’s body was discovered, it’d make the national news. If I took it with me, this would be just a simple ATM robbery and would probably be forgotten in a few weeks. As I pulled out of the mall in my rented SUV with Mr. Fangs in the back, I could hear sirens in the distance.
I’m not a local. I never do jobs where I live, but I’d done my homework and had scouted the local roads. Big and Little Cottonwood Canyons are wilderness areas that lead straight into Cottonwood Heights. I drove up Big Cottonwood Canyon. About ten miles in, I pulled off at a trail head. By flashlight, I dragged Fang’s body a couple hundred feet up the trail until I found a boulder the right size and in the proper position. I took another trip to grab my tools.
Having to hide a body is never a good thing. In the past, it has always been caused by an unnecessary fuckup. In this case, I didn’t see how I had a choice or how I had made a mistake. The boulder was close to four feet wide and maybe eighteen inches thick. It was a grunt levering the boulder up enough to fit two car jacks underneath, but once accomplished it was fairly simple to lift the boulder high enough to excavate a hole with hand tools. I shoveled all the dirt I dug out onto a tarp.
If you take the time to crush all the bones into small bits, a human size body doesn’t take much space. You’d be amazed at how small the chest becomes when all the ribs are broken and the lungs deflated. I took a three pound sledge and did the job right. Hit a bone off angle and skin and soft tissues surrounding it will tear. If that happens, every hammer blow within twelve inches of your mistake will cause blood to squirt from the torn flesh, making an unpleasant job disgusting, and a complete pain in the ass to clean up afterwards.
Imagine placing celery between two steaks and pounding the top steak with a mallet; I heard a wet, muffled, crackling sound each time I brought my sledge down on Fang’s body. Smashing bones this way also tenderizes the meat and makes the soft tissues easier to squish and fold.
I stuffed the body in a hole two feet deep and wide—the arms and legs in first, with the chest and abdomen on top. I then made multiple long slits into Fang’s belly and chest so when the body started to decay, gasses wouldn’t build up inside. A little bit of blood seeped from the wounds but without a beating heart or the hydrostatic pressure of a three pound sledge, the oozing blood didn’t make a mess. I wasn’t worried about inflating gasses being able to move the boulder, but if a decaying swollen chest or abdomen pops, the stink is hard to ignore. He smelled bad enough already; it didn’t need to get worse.
After I covered the body with a couple inches of dirt, I lowered the boulder back into position. I took the tarp loaded with dirt and sprinkled it little by little over the hiking trail. When I was done, it was a few hours from sunrise.
I hadn’t buried Fang’s head. A head is a lot easier to carry and hide than a body. I stuffed it in a garbage bag in my backpack. I went to the creek near the road and took a sponge bath in the icy cold mountain water and changed clothes to get the reek of Fang’s fluids and burnt flesh off me. I dressed like a hiker, grabbed my backpack, and climbed up the trail out of the canyon.
I got up high and waited for the sun. I wouldn’t have minded taking a quick nap as I waited, but I was too wired to sleep. When the sun finally came up, I took out the bag and set it on the ground. I used a stick to open up the bag and expose the head to the sunlight. I knew it was going to burst into flame. It had to be a vampire.
It didn’t combust. It just lay there, green and ugly. Wait, was it changing color? It took minutes, but it slowly started turning gray. A half-an-hour later I was looking at a granite rock that kind of looked like a head. It no longer had distinct features. What kind of monster turned into stone when exposed to sunlight? I went over to pick it up. Yup, it was a piece of granite. Way too heavy to bring back to the SUV.
I’d picked up about seven inches of bills from the ATM last night; it had been a fair to middling haul. An inch thick stack of twenty dollar bills is worth forty-six hundred and forty dollars. Close to thirty thousand dollars of cash is suspicious and a great excuse for a cop to hassle you. A few days ago, I’d gotten a safe deposit box at a nearby bank using a fake ID. Banks are the safest places to keep money for everyone, including criminals. As long as you keep paying for the box, no one gets access except you. I needed to get those bills into my safe deposit box as quickly as possible.
The serial numbers of the cash I had taken from the ATM would be on bank databases for years. Optical scanners are so cheap now that even the smallest bank branches have machines that can pick up the serial numbers. It’s a fool’s move to spend hot money in the United States or even in Canada.
Once a year, I pick up all my money from my safe deposit boxes and then charter a boat from the Gulf of Mexico to the Bahamas. They don’t care about serial numbers there. When I wire the money back to the US, I make sure to pay my taxes on my international investment income like every other law abiding citizen.
I stumbled back to the SUV. I could still smell Fang’s body odor; it had permeated the carpet. My adrenaline rush was gone. My bank wouldn’t be open for another couple of hours. The wise thing would have been to get a hotel room; I was too tired to care about the stink or being smart. I crawled in the back and fell asleep. When I woke up, it was 2 p.m. God, I stank! I needed to clean up before I went to the bank.
I headed to the local 24 Fitness. The nice thing about these national chains was one membership got you into every gym they had. Everyone showers at a gym. Brushing your teeth there isn’t a big deal.
I acted like a typical gym rat. I made the Nautilus circuit and spent as much time looking at women as I did working out. Once I was done I relaxed in the hot tub.
My mind kept going back to what had happened last night. I’m a rational guy. I don’t believe in monsters; especially ones that call me ‘mortal’. I’d be more comfortable with what happened last night if the creature that attacked me had looked like ET, Chewbacca, or the Predator. I believe in science. Aliens from outer space make sense to me; they fit my worldview. Things that turn into rocks when exposed to sunlight and call me ‘mortal’ don’t. It would have been so much easier if it had said ‘earthling’ or ‘human’. It would have been awesome if it had a high nasally voice. ‘Earthling, your planet is doomed.’
I had just finished showering and was getting dressed when a guy approached me. He was an African-American, about six foot two, and was dressed too nicely. His suit had to have cost thousands. He could have been a male model. Handsome wasn’t the right word for him, ‘beautiful’ was better. People go to gyms to hook up. I don’t get hit on by guys often, but it happens; it was turning out to be one of those days. I got ready to turn him down nicely.
“Victor Paladin, it’s good to finally meet you.”
I’ve never regretted dumping that name. It’s almost as cheesy and memorable as Dudley Do-Right. I put on a puzzled look. “Sorry friend but you’ve got the wrong guy. I’m John Evans. I’m pretty sure I don’t know you.”
He grinned. He even had dimples; it was ridiculous. “I’m sure you don’t since we’ve never met before, but Victor, we’re going to be great friends. Last night you destroyed a minion of darkness. You’ve joined the Great Game. I’ve been assigned as your guardian.”
I smiled back, “Seriously, you’ve got the wrong guy. I have no idea what you’re talking about.”
“Victor, you really think random chance brought you here? You were destined to come to Salt Lake City. You need to learn your purpose.”
I let my real emotions show. “Look man, I’m trying to be nice but if you don’t leave me alone, I’m calling security.”
The pretty guy looked even more amused. “One of the best parts of my job, I get to talk like a character in a bad made-for-TV movie. We can do this easy or we can do this hard. It’s no skin off my teeth. You’re the only one in danger. Here’s my card. Contact me when you’re ready.” He turned around and walked off before I could say anything.
I looked at the card. It just had the letter “B” and a phone number. I admit my curiosity was piqued. What had I killed? Why did B use an initial instead of a name? Why did he use the word guardian? What in the hell was the Great Game? These were all good questions. I was sure years from now I would mull them over in my mind, in a cozy place far away from here. As I have gotten older and wiser, I’ve learned that an intriguing mystery is often better than an unpleasant answer. I would be happy to never learn the answers to these questions.
I had planned on going to a bank. I decided it would be better to leave this city and state as quickly as possible. I could get a safe deposit box in another town.
There are two kinds of criminal. The first has poor impulse control, seeks excitement, and spends a lot of time in prison. The second is methodical, avoids unnecessary risks, and rarely gets caught. Years back when I was stupid, I was the first kind of criminal. I’m still paying for the mistakes I made back then. I try my best now to be the second kind.
I sprayed a whole can of air freshener into the SUV and returned it to the rental place at the Salt Lake City airport. People don’t notice, but there are surveillance cameras everywhere. These cameras are often positioned to catch license plates, which is why I don’t use my personal vehicle on jobs. There was a good chance the cops would be questioning the rental car staff in the next few days. That wasn’t a problem because I’d used a disposable false ID and credit card to rent the SUV, and I’m so average looking I’m hard to remember. I have brown hair, brown eyes, average size nose, ears, height, and build. My scars aren’t easily visible and I don’t have any distinguishing features. An eye witness drawing or even a grainy surveillance image of me is almost worthless.
I picked up my truck from long term parking and headed out of town. I was on the I-215 outer belt when I saw the exit to I-15 South to Las Vegas. It was weird. I knew what I wanted to do; my body wouldn’t respond. I couldn’t make my hand turn the wheel to the right. I kept going straight on I-215.
I was able to get off at the next exit and head back to the I-15 interchange. Again, I couldn’t make the turn to go south. I knew what I wanted to do; I couldn’t do it. What the HELL WAS GOING ON?

Chapter 2: The Beating
I tried going north. I couldn’t force myself to drive past Bountiful. The Salt Lake City Airport was the furthest west I could go. I couldn’t enter Parley’s Canyon from I-80. Instead of heading east like I wanted, I found myself steering my truck up north onto Foothill. I pulled off at the first gas station. I stared at my smart phone and thought about calling B. I decided instead to find a VCR player. This technology is now so obsolete, I doubted if I could find a new one at a big-box retailer; I used my phone to find the closest thrift store.
At Deseret Industries, a Mormon Church run thrift store, I found a portable VCR/TV. My truck has a DC to AC inverter; I was able to plug it in and play the VHS tape from the ATM right there in the parking lot. The VHS tape had been used over and over again to record countless hours of surveillance. It was scratchy and grainy but I was still recognizable; Mr. Fangs wasn’t. He looked like gray smoke. It wasn’t the fuzziness of a poorly focused lens; he literally looked like a cloud of smoke.
Between jobs, I have plenty of time to keep up with all the latest gadgets. For obvious reasons, I have a particular interest in surveillance and law enforcement technology. I’ve never heard of a device that could do this to an electronic image. I have a mobile broadband plan and card, so I pulled up my laptop and started surfing the web. I couldn’t find anything about a device that could mess with an electronic image this way.
I looked for news of any technology or medication that could keep a person from being able to leave a city—nada. I looked up articles on hypnosis to see if this could explain what had been done to me. Every article I found said a hypnotist couldn’t make a person do anything against his will. All the people who do stupid things in public while hypnotized are volunteers; subconsciously they want to be the focus of attention even if it means they look like fools. I was certain my subconscious didn’t want to stay in Salt Lake City.
Normally, I would have researched more on hypnosis. What would hypnotism do to a hot woman in a bar who was tempted to say “yes” but for rational reasons said “no”? Unfortunately, I didn’t have time to waste on that interesting question.
Alright, what kind of monster turns into granite when exposed to sunlight? I finally got something. According to Wikipedia, trolls are creatures out of Norse or Scandinavian folklore. When exposed to sunlight, they turn into stone. They are also called Jotunn or giants. God damn it! This didn’t make any sense—fairy tales? I scanned other websites; they all confirmed sunlight was deadly to trolls.
Twenty-four hours ago, if someone had told me trolls existed, I would have laughed right in their face. Even now after I’d killed one, chopped off its head, and watched it turn into stone, I still didn’t believe in fricking fairy tales.
The articles that described Norse trolls also discussed Scandinavian witch doctors and shamans. According to the Urban Dictionary, a Geas was a curse used by Norse witches. It could be used to make the victim do pretty much anything the witch wanted. Every instinct I had told me this was bullshit. Cold hard logic said fairy tales and magic spells were real.
I didn’t know why I had been cursed, but I had a pretty good idea who was responsible. I have enemies with access to the best hackers and databases who’ve been looking for me for years. My cover identity was unbreakable by any normal means, but I hadn’t accounted for magic. How in hell do you stop a witch from finding you?
I looked for ways to break spells. I found a website that said if I placed St. John’s wort, sage, and sweet flag in a sachet, lit candles, and said a poem about lemons, salt, and water I’d be free of any curse. I had difficulty believing it would be that easy. From then on, I tried to filter out the sites that looked like they had been put up by adults who slept with stuffed animals. If the webpage had any kind of unicorns, pretty flowers, or cute elves, I figured it didn’t have useful information. Despite my efforts, I still had to spend hours looking at all kinds of pastel colored crap. I learned the essence of magic was getting in touch with your feelings.
This was awful; I would have been less pissed if B had put a bullet into me. Most of the people who want me dead have good reasons. Making me read this drivel was unforgivable.
I found other sites by people I would have labeled as nutty religious fanatics just a couple of hours ago. “Thou shalt not suffer a witch to live” was often prominently displayed. Unfortunately, according to these same sites, killing the witch didn’t always break the spell. It looked like I’d have to question B before I killed him.
I’ve been in this situation before, where I’ve wanted to incapacitate someone dangerous. I’ve studied martial arts all my life but I’m not that big, strong, or fast. I’m five foot nine and weigh one sixty-five. I’m fit and coordinated, but no more than any other reasonably athletic guy who has a lot of time to work out. I don’t like fair fights. If you’re not cheating, you’re not in it to win.
Deseret Industries has a large parking lot and most of it was empty. It was a good place to meet the witch. I’d been living the safe and cautious life for a long time. Given the choice, I would have left B alone but he had backed me into a corner. B had fucked with the wrong guy. I drove my truck to an empty corner of the parking lot and then prepared to meet B.
The Taser C2 shoots a replaceable cartridge that uses compressed nitrogen to shoot two barbed, one inch long probes up to fifteen feet. Insulated wires connect the probes to the Taser. Every pull of the Taser trigger starts a thirty-second electrical cycle inhibiting voluntary muscular control. I’ve modified one to pulse continuously until the battery runs out. I call it my hand buzzer.
I carefully painted my right palm with liquid latex that’s been custom colored to match my skin tone. The latex secures a tab with the two barbed probes attached to the center of my hand.
When I shake my target’s hand, the two barbed probes enter his palm. The natural reaction to sudden pain is to jerk away. As my target pulls away, he yanks the probes from the latex attaching them to my palm and the buzzer activates. The Taser causes every single muscle in the target’s body to spasm making it impossible for him to breathe. The three times I’ve used my hand buzzer in the past, the batteries ran out between three and three-and-a-half minutes. All my victims passed out within two.
The people I use my buzzer on are extremely dangerous; they’re not the kind to forgive and forget. I make sure they will never have an opportunity to get revenge. I’ve learned from past screw-ups to be cautious, to always have a backup plan. Even though my device has worked perfectly three out of three times, there was no guarantee it would work as well on B. I’d never gone up against a witch before. I had no idea what his capabilities were. If my buzzer didn’t work, I needed another way to take him out quickly.
I don’t like handguns; it’s too easy to miss and too hard to get an instant kill. If I’m going to make noise, I want immediate results. My preferred backup weapon is a bang stick. Divers use them to ward off sharks. It’s a shotgun shell inside a metal tube attached to the end of a stick. I strap mine to my left inner forearm. To use it, I bend my left wrist out and I press my left palm into my target, hard and fast. This pushes the shotgun shell back onto a fixed firing pin. The tube is just long enough to prevent the lead shot from blowing out the sides. When the bang stick fires, it blows lead shot directly from the contact point into the chest. The entry wound is an inch wide. A few inches deeper the spray of lead is almost a foot in diameter. A hit anywhere in the chest is instantly fatal.
It took a while to prepare my weapons. It was July and even though it was close to 6 p.m. it was hot. I could only hope the fact I was wearing a long sleeved shirt wasn’t too suspicious. Utah has a desert climate, even in the summer it gets cool at night. In an hour or so, the long sleeved shirt wouldn’t look so odd. I called B.
“Yeah.”
“What did you do to me?”
“I didn’t do anything.”
“I can’t leave Salt Lake City. The hell you didn’t do anything!”
The asshole actually started laughing. “You have no idea how true that statement is.”
“What do you want?”
“Believe it or not Victor, I want to help you. You’ve entered the Great Game and you don’t understand the rules. The situation is complicated and it’s going to take time to learn the intricacies, but first you have to survive. If you spend tonight in your truck or in a hotel, you won’t last the night.”
“Can we meet?”
“Yeah.”
“I’m at…”
“I know where you are. Wait for me outside your truck.”
Shit! Shit! Shit! He knew where I was and he knew I had a truck. If I hadn’t known I was stuck in Salt Lake City, I would have taken off. I wracked my brain. My windows were tinted. I was at least a hundred feet away from the nearest building or car. There was a chance he didn’t know what I had done to prepare.
I got out of my truck. I was out there for less than two minutes when I heard a sound behind me. It was B.
I studied him. When I last saw him at the gym, I had assumed he was black. I realized now that I didn’t know what he was. He was dark, much darker than most African-Americans, but had distinctively European features and light brown, almost golden eyes. He looked more Subcontinent Indian than African. Again, I was struck by how pretty he was.
I couldn’t figure out how he got so close, so fast. I got the sinking feeling I was outclassed. I seriously considered going with the flow, to see how cooperation worked.
Fuck it. He was messing with my head; he had turned my own body into a prison. There was no way I could live with that.
I put on a friendly smile and reached out, “Hey B.”
He took my hand without hesitation. He didn’t jerk back. I just had enough time to think, ‘This is going to suck!’ when he twisted his palm while still keeping a tight grip. I felt the latex give on my palm. I found out dry skin conducted very well.
Your strongest muscles are your quads, your back, and your grip. When tens of thousands of volts run through your body, all your muscles contract. My knees locked into extension, my spine arced backwards, and my hand gripped tightly around B’s. I couldn’t breathe.
Suffocate an average person and he’ll usually pass out within two minutes, be permanently brain damaged or dead past four. Training makes a difference. At the highest levels, studying martial arts is all about control. I like control. Martial arts led to meditation which led to free diving. Free diving is a sport where people compete to see how long they can hold their breath. A really good free diver can hold his breath for more than six minutes. I can hold mine for five.
I didn’t pass out, although I’ve never experienced so much pain before in my life. My eyes were locked into one position like the rest my body. I could see B with my peripheral vision. His body wasn’t locked. For some reason, the current wasn’t affecting him. He was giggling; I was amusing him. I’ve never hated someone so much. My anger helped me focus. Pain is just weakness leaving the body. I used everything I had ever learned about self-control to keep the pain from overwhelming me. I still had a chance. I had my bang stick.
Eternity ended; the Taser battery ran out. Preventing myself from collapsing was one of the hardest things I’ve ever done. I kept hold of his hand; it helped me keep me upright, then I threw my left arm toward him. It looked like he was moving in slow motion, but I still missed.
He slapped me. I struggled to make contact with his chest. Over and over, he struck me with his open hand. He couldn’t be bothered to kill me, or even disarm me. He didn’t think I was a threat. I no longer felt pain or anger, I was aware of only one thought, ‘This asshole is going to die.’
“Victor, Victor, I have to hand it to you. You’re one stubborn cuss. Say we’re friends and the beating will stop.”
“You’re dead.”
He started laughing again. He reached over and tore my bang stick from my arm. My shirt sleeve and nylon straps tore like tissue paper. He lifted me up in the air with one arm.
“You remind me of someone I adore and respect. You’ve got as much pride. You’re not as smart, good looking, tall, or strong, but you remind me of me. I think I’m going to call you mini-me.”
I didn’t have the strength to lift my arms. “So I guess the B stands for Bigamy.” I finally saw him lose the amused look. The last thing I saw was his fist.

Chapter 3: Dinner
When I came to, I was sitting in a restaurant booth. There were plates of Indian food in front of me, waiters in turbans walked by. B was sitting across from me.
“Hey you’re back. How you feeling?”
Without thinking I answered, “Not bad.” Wait, I felt good. I didn’t hurt. How had I gotten here? I had a fork in my hand. I had been eating before I became aware. B had taken control of my body while I was unconscious. He had magically stuck his hand up my ass and made me a sock puppet. I take offense when my body is entered without my consent. I twisted my snarl into a grin. I was powerless; I needed to wait until I wasn’t.
B smiled. “Yeah, that’s one of the advantages of working for the Man, instant healing. Look, I know we got off on the wrong foot, but can we start over again? The fact that you’re not dead and you’ve been healed should count for something. Come on—it’s not like I started the fight. I distinctly remember someone who is not me, who is sitting at this table, starting the fight.
“Umm, I wanna apologize for the ‘mini-me’ comment. I meant it as a compliment but I can see how it could be taken the wrong way. Look, if I really wanted to piss you off I would have called you Sparky.”
B was trying hard to be friends. He needed me for something. This time my smile was real. I decided I’d be his buddy until the time was ripe to kill him. “You got a point there B. I started this shindig. Neat trick with the whole ‘hoist with my own petard’ gig, appreciate you healing me. I’m good with starting over. Why don’t you tell me what’s going on?”
“Okay. First things first; you know that thing you used to call ‘free will’? You don’t have so much anymore.”
He was talking about having a hand up my ass forever. My grin got forced.
B put his hands out. “Hold on, let me explain. You know how names used to describe what you did for a living, like tanner, weaver, and smith? Paladin is one of those names. You know what a paladin is, right? A knight in shining armor with God on his side—Joan of Arc with a penis.”
Despite my anger, I had to laugh. I nodded and waved for him to go on.
“I take that back; I shouldn’t joke. Joan didn’t need a penis. She was a great paladin. Too bad she had to be harvested so young.
“Well, it helps to have the right genetic traits for different jobs. Like no sense of smell if you’re a tanner, or strong arms for a blacksmith. You have the genes to be a paladin. Just from your name, anyone can tell you come from a line of them.
“There are advantages to being a paladin. For example, you’re forty-seven, but you look like you’re in your mid-twenties. I’ll bet you thought you had good genes. You never knew how good. You also think you’re incredibly lucky. Shit that should get you killed—doesn’t. I’ll explain more when we have time, but it hasn’t been luck.
“There’s a flip side to everything. If you’ve got the genes and live long enough, you become a player. Sooner or later you’ll meet a minion of darkness. If you survive, you’re drafted to fight more.”
I leaned forward, my voice intent, “What do you mean drafted?”
“Have you ever heard the term, ‘multiverse’?”
“Yeah, isn’t that part of String Theory—multiple dimensions, multiple universes?”
“Well, it’s not a theory, its fact. There are multiple universes and there’s constant travel between all of them. Almost all the universes are controlled by higher powers, gods.”
“Gods?”
“Yeah, gods.” B dropped his grin and looked almost apologetic. He knew he sounded crazy. “All of them want more turf and more souls. That minion of darkness you killed was a troll. He came from a universe ruled by the Norse gods. ‘Minion of darkness’ is the generic term for any invader from another universe. In the old days we used the term ‘demon’ but for some reason upper management doesn’t like that word anymore.”
“So, what you’re telling me is I’m now working for God?”
“You got it, dude. You’re on a mission from God. You’re now one of His holy warriors. The US Government got rid of the draft after Vietnam. Jehovah’s old school; His draft ain’t going away.”
I don’t know what I expected when I started this conversation with B, but it wasn’t this. Getting my head around fairy tales, trolls, and magic had been hard enough—God, multiple dimensions, and demons? This was going to take time to process. To occupy my hands, I grabbed a piece of naan and took a bite. I realized I was starving. I started shoveling food in my mouth. I noticed that all the food on the table was for me. B wasn’t eating. He didn’t have a spoon or a fork.
“Oh yeah, you must be starving, getting healed makes you hungry. Just keep on eating and I’ll fill you in. You know how the Bible always describes God as a shepherd and people as His flock? It’s a great analogy because every shepherd eats mutton.”
This was an interesting comment and it made sense. Deities who cared for us because we were lovable just didn’t figure. With a few exceptions, people aren’t lovable. A god who tended people because they were useful fit what I knew about the Universe. No one does something for nothing. “What are you talking about exactly when you say God eats mutton?”
“What I mean is that souls are valuable. Jehovah, as far as gods go, doesn’t eat many souls. Unlike the Aztec gods or the Norse gods, he doesn’t go for blood sacrifices. God tested Abraham by asking him to sacrifice his first born. Abraham made the right decision and went with the flow. Lucky for his kid, God was just messing with Abe’s head. There were times before Abe when the Big Guy took the sacrifice.
“I know this sounds kind of biased because I’m working for the Man, but as far as gods go, Jehovah isn’t bad. There’s a lot worse; most of them, in fact.” He smirked at an inside joke. “If you knew my history, you’d know this is about as objective of an opinion as you could get.
“Jehovah typically doesn’t eat souls; He generally turns souls into angels. He uses angels to defend His turf.”
“Uh, does that mean…”
“Yup, I’m an angel. Archangel B, at your service. I know this sounds kind of swishy but I’m your guardian angel. Ever since that God damned movie ‘It’s a Wonderful Life’, I’ve been embarrassed to say this.”
B pursed his lips, clasped his hands and in a falsetto voice said, “Oh if you truly believe and clap, another guardian angel will appear…Uh, or am I getting it mixed up with Peter Pan? Whatever, Tinker Bell or Clarence, it is sad and demeaning to anyone who’s a guardian spirit.
“And before you ask, I’m not able to tell you what the B stands for. Now that we’re friends, I have to warn you, you’ve got to stop with the puns—mini-me, bigamy, bigger me, or bugger me. I can handle insults as long as they’re said with a smile. Puns are intolerable. If I didn’t have the self-control of an archangel, you’d be dead.”
I looked into B’s eyes. He looked serious. He really hated puns. I smiled and pushed the cleared plates in front of me off to the side. “So, does that mean you’ll help protect me?”
“Kind of—I think you’re asking about your tush, not your soul. Most humans don’t get guardian angels and it’s really, really rare for an archangel to be assigned as one. I hate to inflate your ego but you’re special. Most human souls are barely good enough to make angelic cannon fodder. As it stands right now, if you died, you’d make a pretty powerful angel.
“Souls don’t shine until they’re tested—no risk, no challenge, no growth. You’re in the Great Game because you could be an archangel. I’m here to help you reach your potential or to make sure our side harvests your soul if you don’t make it. I’m not here to protect your life on Earth.
“Vic, no one likes getting drafted—but Vic, if you go AWOL, odds are, all you’d be is a tasty snack for some other god. At least with us, you have a chance of surviving into eternity. You see, metaphysically you smell delicious. If a minion catches your scent, he’ll come running.”
“If I know for sure I’m going to be an angel, what’s to prevent me from committing suicide right now? Will suicide send me to hell like the Catholics believe?”
“No, suicide doesn’t send you to hell. But, dude, you’d hate being an angel. If I were you, I’d delay it for as long as possible. With your paladin genetics, you could live for a couple hundred years.”
His comment about my expected lifespan didn’t surprise me as much as it should. I didn’t just look half my years; I had the same speed, metabolism, and the ability to recover as I did in my early twenties. It had been obvious to me for over a decade, there was something strange about how I aged. Right now, I wanted to know more about the afterlife. “Because then I’d become an archangel?”
“No, not really. When I said you remind me of me, I meant it. Here’s the scoop. Being an archangel is a lot better than being anything else for any other god, but it sure as hell isn’t as good as being a human; it’s not as good as having free will. If you think you’re limited as a paladin, you should see how it is as an angel. The longer you wait, the happier you’ll be. Trust me, I know. It sucks to be an angel. Give you an example, no sex—can’t even spank the monkey. It is not cool…
“Vic, you look puzzled. You know; choke the chicken, slam the ham, ride your own pony—masturbation? We don't have the equipment. Take our clothes off, we look like Ken dolls. Dude, you do not want to get rid of your junk!
I laughed, “B, stop. I wasn’t puzzled; I just got an image in my head of you naked trying to whack without a pud and it’s disturbing. Can we change the topic? So, what’s in it for you? You don’t come across as an angel that does anything out of altruism.”
B snickered along with me and then shrugged, “Yeah, you got that right; I’m no Goody Two-Shoes. You know how during World War II none of the Nazis wanted to be on the Eastern Front? It’s the same thing for me. Hanging out, making sure no one else snags your soul is a sweet deal. You die and I get sent back to the angelic version of the Eastern Front, fighting fucking Lovecraft-sucking Elder Gods. They come from a universe that is so different from ours that just looking at them drives most humans insane. Those weird sons of bitches give me the worst migraine headaches.
“The bureaucrats messed up when you were orphaned. They lost track of you when your parents died. You’re a fricking product of twenty-four generations of Paladins and they sent you to a charity orphanage. You should have been sent to a ninja academy in Tibet. You were supposed to be a holy warrior monk, wandering the Earth and doing good deeds.”
Every orphan wonders about his parents. The rest of what B said turned into white noise. I had been placed in a Catholic orphanage when I was a couple weeks old. The nuns at Sisters of Mercy hadn’t been able to tell me anything about my parents. As a kid, I’d wondered if my mom and dad were alive. If they were dead, they might have loved me. If they were alive, I knew they didn’t. I grew up wanting them dead. I’m no longer a child but you never heal from these kinds of wounds. I was tempted to ask B if he knew who my parents were or what happened to them; I didn’t. I would give or do anything to know more about my family, but I wasn’t about to let anyone know this, especially B.
“…as it is, on your own, you’ve grown up to be a right bastard. If you didn’t have so much potential, you would have been harvested as soon as you came up on the radar. A new archangel is a big deal. It’s a long story, but anyhoo, I’m on the Big Guy’s shit list. Normally, there’d be no way I’d be assigned an easy gig like this, but I’ve done well with souls like yours in the past. I get along with ‘bad’ boys.” He waved his hand theatrically and flashed a grin full of perfect white teeth. “So, here I am.”
B was telling me there was an afterlife. There was a possibility I could meet my parents even if they were dead. I forced myself to stop thinking about my family. Until I knew more, this line of thought would lead me nowhere. I had to focus on me and the immediate here and now. I was being promised a place in heaven. My self-proclaimed guardian angel was describing a paradise where my nuts would be cut off, and if I didn’t play nice, I’d be assigned suicide missions. It wasn’t my first choice of where I would spend eternity.
B was too powerful and knew too much not to have magical powers. Did I buy he was an archangel? I didn’t have enough info to make a decision. For now, it made sense to act like he was telling the truth.
I’ve always liked to read, and as a kid in the orphanage I got extra goodies from the nuns if I quoted scripture from memory. Even back then, I thought the bad guys were interesting. I still remember the line from Jude 1:6, “And the angels also who did not preserve their original state, but forsook their abode, he has kept in everlasting chains under darkness for the judgment of the great day.”1 Angels had rebelled in the past. There was a chance I could do the same.
I needed to find an independent source of information about God and heaven. It was best to stick with the safe questions for B. “So, why am I stuck in Salt Lake City?”
“Good question Vic, but we’re running out of time. It’s 7:30 now and in about an hour-and-a-half it will be sunset. If you aren’t in a home that has a threshold by sundown, the troll’s friends will find you and rip you to shreds. I’ll be there to collect your soul, but that’d be a sad end to what could be a beautiful friendship.”
“What’s a threshold?”
“Human emotions have power. You know that expression ‘home is where the heart is’? Well, it’s true. Homes that hold people’s hearts are protected. The strongest protections are in homes that have been passed down from one generation to another. Demons can’t enter them and they can’t find people who are inside them. A hotel room or an apartment doesn’t cut the yellow condiment. Only real homes have thresholds.
“Here’s the deal, just like countries, gods have their own versions of hot and cold wars. Jehovah is in a cold war with the Norse gods. The current treaty says only low level operatives are allowed to duke it out; guys at my level can only observe, otherwise it turns into a hot war. Neither Jehovah nor Odin wants that to happen. The Norse took out the Salt Lake City paladin about a year ago. When you drove into town, the job passed on to you. That’s why you can’t leave Salt Lake City. You have to take care of the Norse threat before you can leave for any reason. Even then, you won’t be able to leave town for long, and if there are any problems, you’ll have to come back fast.
B motioned for the waiter. “I know you have more questions but you’re running out of time. Start looking on KSL.com for rooms to rent in homes. It has a better selection than Craig’s List in Salt Lake City. This restaurant is right at the mouth of Parley’s Canyon so the Sugar House area is probably the best place to search. Your truck is parked outside.
“Now that you’re a paladin, you have powers. With great power comes great pain in the ass regulations. We’re running out of time. Listen up, not knowing your powers won’t kill you, not knowing these four limitations could. First, you gotta tell the truth. The lies you told earlier today at 24 Hour Fitness when you denied being Victor Paladin will be the last ones you’ll ever tell. For a couple more days, you’ll be able to tell white lies but after that, nada. Second, even though officially you’re still human, you have no choice but to act like Mr. Uptight Hero. Third, you can kiss a girl but only if you love her. Fourth, no sex—with or without a partner—outside of marriage. It’s a bummer dude; the sin of Onan is against regulations. In the near future, you’ll have to stop flogging the Pharisee.
“Of course Vic, you gotta prioritize. First, make sure you’re going to survive the night, and then, if I were you, I’d hole up in a private room with a box of Kleenex and some good lotion—take the time to make a proper farewell.” The asshole was laughing so hard he could barely talk. “Get out of here. I’ll take care of the check.”

Chapter 4: Home Sweet Home
My truck was easy to find. When I climbed in, I took the time to mull things over. Only my friends are allowed to laugh at me. B and I weren’t friends. I took my fury and bottled it, knowing soon enough I’d be able to let it out. B was right, I needed to prioritize. He didn’t have a reason to lie about the trolls. I had monsters to kill. I didn’t have time to think about my sex life.
During our conversation, I had been stuck by the difference between the way B talked and the way he dressed. A person’s appearance almost always reflects his or her personality. The way a woman styles her hair and puts on makeup will often tell you how she decorates her home. The clothes a man wears should indicate if he’s going to use slang. If I hadn’t been able to see B, just hear his voice, I would have pictured a slob about fifty pounds overweight who got dates because he was funny—despite, not because of his looks. He should have been dressed in a food splattered concert T-shirt and jeans.
B looked like a Hollywood version of a prince. He didn’t have a single blemish. Every hair was in its place. He was wearing a spotless suit that looked like it had been cut by a bespoke tailor—the kind used by European royalty. His double Windsor was so perfectly tied it should have been a clip-on (I checked; it wasn’t). All the women and most of the men in the restaurant were stealing glances at him. They were trying to figure out what kind of celebrity he was. B’s looks only made sense if it was a uniform.
I grew up in an orphanage and served time in juvie and prison. I’ve lived with scum and have been exposed to good, bad, and indifferent guardians. I heard his laughter while I fried. I remembered B’s expression while he bitch slapped me into unconsciousness. He hadn’t acted like a sorrowful caretaker reluctantly disciplining a protégé; he looked like a thug who liked causing pain.
Over dinner B had been friendly and genial. He had been trying to bill himself as a guy who was looking out for my best interests. I’ve had people try to play me for most of my life. He’d been different while kicking my ass; that was his real self. He liked causing pain and humiliation.
The troll wasn’t the first monster I’ve killed. I know monsters; the most effective are funny and charming. Their preferred prey is the vulnerable. Given the choice, I’d bet B wouldn’t have looked like a perfectly coifed aristocrat; he would have chosen to look dangerous—a shaved head, piercings, and tattoos. I heard regret in his voice when he talked about his inability to have sex. If he had the option, he would choose rape over seduction.
B said I had an hour-and-a-half to find a home with a threshold. I decided I believed him. He didn’t have anything to gain by lying about this. I followed his advice and got on KSL.com. There were four homes nearby that fit his requirements. When I called, three of the owners were home and were willing to show me the rooms this evening. All of the homes were close to the University of Utah.
I pulled up to the closest house. Most of the grass in the front lawn was dead. A rusting shovel and a rake lay next to the driveway. It looked like they hadn’t been moved in months. I pulled up in the driveway behind a perfectly waxed, spotless red Corvette.
There was no way this house had a threshold. B said I no longer had the ability to lie. I needed to find out if this was true. I had to learn the extent of my limitations. I couldn’t remember the last time I’d told the truth about my name, profession, or plans. I needed to test how I was going to play it when I actually found a room I wanted to rent.
When I rang the doorbell, a kid about eighteen with pimples and a dangly skull earring opened the door. “Hey man, you here for the room?”
“Yeah. I’m Victor Paladin.” Shit! I had meant to say John Evans.
“Come on in. I’m Brody Minor. The room is in the basement. Follow me.”
Brody led me through the house. The inside of the house was a perfect mirror to the outside. An empty pizza box lay on the couch in the living room. The kitchen sink was piled high with dirty dishes.
“You lived here long?”
“Almost a year, I’m a film major at the U. My parents bought this house, and we’re renting out rooms to help pay for the mortgage.” Brody opened the door to the basement room. There was water damage on the drywall under the window and the room smelled like mold. “What do you think?”
“Well, I need to know a few more things before I can make a decision.” I felt a wave of nausea. I felt upchuck rise. I guess what I had said constituted a lie.
“You okay, man?”
I swallowed the vomit that reached my mouth. “Yeah, I got a stomach condition. Don’t worry, it’s not catching. Would it be a problem if I paid with checks with a different name than mine? I’ve got a legal situation where I need to pay all my bills under the name of John Evans.” I prepared to run to the bathroom, but this time I didn’t get nauseated.
“So, you want the room then?”
“I’ve got a few other rooms I want to check out. Let me get back to you.” Even though I planned on calling him back, I barely made it to the bathroom. Everything I’d eaten at the Indian restaurant came up. I think Brody was as happy to see me leave as I was to get out of there.
The next house I drove up to looked like a clone of Brody’s. I drove on. I had forty-five minutes left to sundown. If this last house in the Harvard/Yale neighborhood didn’t pan out I needed to look for rooms in the Avenues. B said that the best thresholds were in homes where multiple generations had lived. I needed to stay in older neighborhoods.
According to KSL.com, the average rent for single rooms in Salt Lake was around four hundred dollars per month. Nicer neighborhoods like Sugar House, close to the University of Utah, went for around four-fifty. The owner of the next house wanted almost double. The increased price could mean something good.
I turned on my phone’s GPS app and followed the voice instructions to the house. My mind bounced like a grasshopper from topic to topic. I needed an independent source of information. Where would I even start? If B was telling the truth and he was my guardian angel, was he always watching me? Or was there ever a time when he wasn’t watching me? How was I going to take out the rest of the trolls? Would I have backup?
I drove on autopilot. I was lost in thought until my GPS announced, “You have arrived at your destination.” Mature trees canopied the street. The sun was lying low in the sky and light dappled the house and yard. When it had been built, at least a century ago, the house I was looking at would have been called a mansion. It was a two story, red brick home with a copper roof and a detached two car garage. The lot had to be close to an acre. It was the largest house on the street. Unlike the previous homes I had looked at, the yard was immaculate.
As I got out, I saw a figure in the shadows working on a flower bed at the far corner of the house. My gut told me that this house had a threshold. I needed to make a good impression. The evening temperature was cool so my long sleeved shirt now made sense. I was wearing the same business casual clothing I had on when I got my ass kicked by B. He was a one stop repair shop; not only had I been healed, my clothes had been cleaned and repaired.
My hair style is so common it’s called a ‘regular cut’. I was lucky enough to have been born with the most common hair and eye color in the U.S. In appearance, in almost every way, I looked average. I concentrated on looking as normal and harmless as possible.
The gardener strode confidently toward me wearing a tank top and shorts. A light sheen of sweat on her face mixed with the dirt on her gardening gloves revealed she hadn’t been just playing at working in the yard. “Hi, I’m Mina Swenson. Are you here about the room?”
Every woman who reveals this much cleavage is testing every man she meets. Stare at the goods, you’re a creep; don’t notice, you’re gay. The only right response is to make eye contact but to make sure she knows you’re struggling.
I planned to meet her eyes with an innocent smile of appreciation. Attraction is a funny thing. Usually, it’s predictable, but sometimes lightning strikes. When I met her eyes, I felt a wave of desire. Beautiful women are a dime a dozen. Women I want are rare. My heart sank. I didn’t need this distraction.
I can usually control my face and emotions. This wasn’t a usual day. I was barely keeping it together. I realized I was showing my feelings when Mina started to look concerned. I am neither ugly nor good looking, most of the time I don’t get a second look. I like it that way. I enjoy being anonymous. I knew Mina didn’t really care what I thought of her, but gorgeous blonde, blue eyed women aren’t used to men frowning at them. 
Her expression told me that I was taking too long to answer her. “Yes, I am. I’m Victor. I’m really hoping your room is as great as the outside of the house and yard. It’s been a long day and I’d really like to find a place.”
Mina stopped looking worried and gave me a slow smile. “Well, I’m a little bit biased but I think the space I’m renting is a steal even at the price. It was originally designed as a live-in servant’s quarters. You’ll have your own bathroom and small kitchen. The only thing that will be shared is the entrance way which is why the place is priced like it’s a separate apartment. Let me put these tools away and I’ll show you the place.” She turned and walked toward the garage. She looked good from that direction, too.
She stepped quickly back toward me. The driveway expanded into a circle in front of the garage. Mina pointed to a spot, “You can park here. The neighborhood is pretty strict about parking in the street. My younger sister and brother both drive and they also park in the circle. I’m the only one who gets to park in the garage. It’s too packed with stuff to fit more than one car.”
She led me to the back door of the house which led to the kitchen. Just inside was a small stairway that led up two stories into the attic. As she walked up, she told me the house had been built by her grandfather. She pointed out all the recent renovations including the high tech modern radiant heaters and high flow air-conditioning vents. Mina clearly loved this house. The rental was a small bedroom with a twin bed, a full bath, and a cubby hole of a kitchen.
“Mina, this is perfect. I’d like to give you a check for the first two months’ rent now, and if you don’t mind, I’d like to move in tonight. I can give you my information including my last few landlords so you can do a credit and background check now.”
She looked hesitant. I gave her my best ‘oh, please pity me’ look and let a barely noticeable catch creep into my voice. “Well, I’ve been camping in my truck and living in hotels for longer than I want and you wouldn’t believe the day I’ve had. For a while now, I’ve been moving from town to town every few months because of my job. That career seems to be over. I’ve had a lot of changes hit me all at once and I’d like to get things stabilized. It’d really help a lot if I knew I had a place.”
Mina still looked undecided. I gave her my best little boy lost smile. I knew I had her when she grinned back. “Well, if you give me your info now, I guess it wouldn’t be a problem for you to move in immediately.” She gave me a mock stern stare. “You better pass the background check.”
“Mina, I have the conscience of an angel; I’ll pass any background check you’ve got. John Evans is the name on all my documentation, but I go by Vic. Here is my Indiana driver’s license and a credit card. I’ve listed my social security number and the contact information of my last three landlords on this sheet. So if you don’t mind, I’ll move my stuff while you look me up.” Quickly, before she could change her mind, I went down to my truck to get my bags. I had gargled with tap water after I had upchucked at Brody’s place, but I hadn’t brushed my teeth. Even though I smelled and looked ‘magically’ clean, I didn’t feel clean. I desperately wanted a shower.
I had pulled my truck into the designated parking spot in the back and was pulling my two pieces of luggage out when a BMW Mini pulled up behind me. A strawberry blond in a cheerleader’s uniform got out. She looked about sixteen.
“Hi, are you the new renter?”
“Yeah, my name is Vic.”
“I’m Andi, nice to meet you.” As I shook her hand, I could see Andi’s eyes sizing me up with approval. To be fair, it may have been because she wasn’t covered with sweat and dirt but she was better looking than her sister. Like I said, I’m an average looking guy; the last thing I needed was a jailbait nymphomaniac. I didn’t try to hide the glumness on my face and in my voice as I replied, “Nice to meet you, too.” I saw shock on Andi’s face as I abruptly turned away and went up to my room.
I grabbed my toothbrush and went into the shower. I let hot water run over me and brushed my teeth. It was wonderful to feel clean again. I let my mind drift. It just figured that the house I’d found with a threshold would come with an over-attractive landlord and an under-aged sister that liked older men. I didn’t look my real age, but to a normal sixteen-year old, someone like me who looked like he was in his mid-twenties should have been too old to check out.
The idea of being celibate unless I got married was disturbing enough; the idea of never having privacy, the possibility of always being watched by God or a guardian angel was disgusting. B had jokingly encouraged me to masturbate as soon as I was alone, but if God and angels truly existed, there was no privacy. The thought of B or Jehovah watching me at all times turned my stomach.
I didn’t have any concerns about Mina’s background check. If I had been willing to live in the woods like the Unabomber, it would have been possible for me to live off the grid. Living off the grid is a pain in the ass. It’s close to impossible to have any of the modern conveniences like broadband internet access, smart phone, bank accounts, or credit cards while off the grid. To get all of these things you need a valid social security number.
An illegal immigrant can buy a stolen identity for less than two hundred dollars; these identities usually won’t hold up to a ten minute internet search. For a thousand dollars you can get the social security number and a birth certificate of a real infant who died when he was a few months old. This scam has been common knowledge for almost twenty years. Searchable death certificate databases are available online; law enforcement has been wise to this scheme for a long time. If you use this technique, your fake identity doesn’t have a paper trail. No tax payments, school records, or credit history. If you have access to the right databases, it takes longer than ten minutes to figure out the identity is false—but not that much longer.
People who aren’t meticulous or who trust other criminals are fools. They’re just asking to get caught. It’s a pain in the ass to get false identities on your own, but it’s worth it if you don’t like prison.
For my disposable identities, I look in the obits for a guy with brown hair and eyes, about my height, without close family, who recently died in an accident. I know I have the right guy when I go to his home and see a stack of mail. If there’s a preapproved credit card application, I pick the lock on his house to find a document that has his social security number.
I usually visit the dead guy’s home in the middle of the day and make a point of saying hello to the neighbors. If they ask, I tell them I’m a cousin of the deceased. All credit card companies allow you to fill out preapproved applications online; all you need is the social security number. After that it’s just a matter of visiting the house and picking up the mail every couple of days until the credit card comes.
In most states, if you claim you’ve lost your driver’s license you can get a replacement by mail and have it sent to the address on record. Typically, you fill out an application online and pay by credit card. Once I have the driver’s license, I have an identity that is difficult but not impossible to penetrate.
I put even more effort into my main identity. Ten years ago, I got a job for a couple of months as an orderly at Henry Ford Hospital in downtown Detroit. John Evans was a sixteen-year old, brown haired, brown eyed victim of a drive by shooting who was DOA. His mom was a drug addict prostitute who came by just once to ID the body. It took no effort to get a hold of John’s driver’s license before his mom came. I didn’t touch what she most cared about; the cash in his wallet. Minutes after she left the hospital and before the cops came, I made sure his hospital records were lost and modified the death certificate to make him a John Doe. None of the doctors or nurses on duty had paid much attention to John after they realized he was dead. Inner city Detroit is predominantly black, but there are still whites living there. The police there are color blind about dead gangbangers; they don’t care much about any of them. John’s death didn’t make it into any public, private, or official database. Since John was a minor when he got into trouble with the law, his juvenile records were automatically sealed when he became a legal adult.
John had dropped out of high school so I didn’t have to mess with any of his school records. When I was in my thirties, I constantly got carded. It wasn’t a stretch to convince people I was eighteen. Two years after John died, I took a high school equivalency test under his name and got a GED, a job at McDonalds, and started paying taxes. Based on that first job, I got a bank account and a credit card. On John Evans’ twentieth birthday, I renewed his driver’s license and also got a Passport. His mother, the only other person who knew for sure John Evans was dead, died of an overdose four years ago. All my identification cards with his name had my photographs. My identity was bulletproof.
The hot water ran out. I’d only been in the shower for a few minutes; it should have lasted longer. Mina must have decided to take a shower before running a credit check. I got out before the water got ice cold. I was toweling off when I looked into the mirror for the first time. “Holy shit!” I was fricking beautiful! I spend a lot of time working out but I’m not into body building. Since the last time I had looked in a mirror, I had become completely ripped and defined. My face was still recognizably me but indefinably different. I looked like a professional makeup artist had spent hours on my face instead of just stepping out of the shower. I didn’t have a single blemish. The seven inch scar on the right side of my chest was gone, as was the scar from a knife wound on my left thigh, and the bullet scar on the left side of my chest.
Andi wasn’t an under-aged nympho with a fetish for older men. She had been a normal, heterosexual teen faced with an amazingly gorgeous guy. ‘Fuck!’ I loved being average looking. It was awesome to have looks that made me hard to describe. I realized now that the people in the restaurant hadn’t just been looking at B. They had also been looking at me. I liked who I was; against my will and without my knowledge, I had been changed. I wanted to scream. I controlled myself. I couldn’t afford to freak out my new landlord.
I stumbled into the bedroom and sat on my bed. I thought of B watching me from up on high, rolling on the ground giggling. I couldn’t help it, I started laughing. It was a better choice than screaming. I was so pissed. I had never laughed in anger before and somehow it made me feel better. B was right. He was a bigger me. Most guys would give their left nut to look this good. Neither one of us wanted to look like Prince Charming. Jehovah was a small lump of crap stuck to the end of an ass hair.
With that appetizing thought, I realized I was starving. Nothing I had eaten during dinner had stayed in my stomach. I decided to go downstairs and make nice with my new roommates. I was halfway down the stairs when I heard Andi talking on the phone. I guess superhuman hearing came with the god-like looks. Somehow I knew she wasn’t speaking all that loudly.
“Oh my God, Stacy, he’s so hot!...You have to come by tonight to check him out…No, he doesn’t look that old, probably Mina’s age—low twenties.” She was going to be a problem. I purposefully stomped down the lower half of the stairs to make sure Andi knew I was coming. She had the phone off and was looking innocent when I entered the kitchen.
“Hey Andi, I know it’s late but I’m starving. I’m going to order some pizza. Do you want some?”
She beamed. “Sure!” She batted her eyes and gave her best sixteen-year old attempt at a come hither look. I kept my face neutral. If Andi had been a dog, she’d have been the kind that slobbered on your face.
“You think your sister will want some?”
“Whatever, as long as it’s vegetarian, Mina loves pizza. Me personally, I’ll eat anything, Vic.”
Andi gave me a coupon from the best local pizza place. I ordered three large pizzas, one plain, one meat lovers, and the vegetarian special. As we waited for the pizza, Andi became steadily less subtle in her come-ons. She wasn’t used to having to work to get attention and she had too much confidence to believe I wasn’t interested. I was playing stupid—too clueless to understand she was attracted to me. Watching her irritation rise helped keep mine under control.
Shortly, a boy a couple years older than Andi came into the kitchen. At first, he didn’t even look up, furiously texting on his cell phone. He had the same Nordic good looks as his sisters. He was about six foot four and had the lanky, half-filled look of someone who had grown several inches in a short period of time. He bristled slightly when he finally noticed me. From the way he reacted, I figured he was straight. This sucked. No one was going to forget me. Guys would be intimidated and girls would be attracted. I didn’t even want to begin to think about my effect on gays.
“Ben, this is our new renter, Vic. Vic, this is my brother, Ben.” Andi smirked, “Maybe his brain-dead groupies can give him a minute so he can say hello.”
Without pause, Ben retaliated by flicking Andi in the forehead with his finger. She didn’t move fast enough and yelled a startled, “Ow!” He laughed and quickly crossed over to me, out of Andi’s reach. She tensed to lunge after him but then stopped to glance at me. I could see her decide to act like grownup. The glare she aimed at her brother promised future revenge.
Ben was still glorying in his victory when I offered him my hand. Ben grabbed it like he was going to twist it off. He clearly wanted to show me he was the man in the family and could protect his sisters. I’m strong for my size but brute strength isn’t my forte. I choked high on his hand with a firm grasp to stop him from crushing my hand, but I had no expectation or intention of hurting him. I realized that I was when I saw his eyes get big and his face blanch. Okay, I now had spidey-strength. All I needed was the ability to shoot webbing from my wrists and I’d be ready for great responsibility.
I let go. Ben pulled back and started shaking his hand surreptitiously behind his back. The front doorbell rang, saving everyone from further embarrassment. The pizza was here. I paid the delivery guy. I was glad I had ordered three large pizzas as I was starving and Ben and Andi ate like teenagers.
I could feel myself mellowing as I ate piece after piece of saturated fat-filled goodness. I looked over at Ben and Andi and saw the same calorie induced high. I was satiated. I hadn’t realized how much of my fury had been from low blood sugar. I was still pissed but it was under control.
I got Ben and Andi to start talking about themselves. Ben was a little standoffish but Andi made up for him. In between their bickering, I was able to find out they lost both of their parents to a car accident less than a year ago. The kids had trust funds set up by their grandparents that paid for their education. Andi was going to be a junior at Judge, a private Catholic high school. She was currently in the middle of summer cheerleading training. Ben was going to be a freshman at the University of Utah, and Mina a senior. Their parent’s life insurance policy paid most of their bills, but at the end of every month they were scraping the bottom of the barrel. Even though the house was paid for, there were taxes, maintenance, and utilities. A couple of weeks ago, they decided to rent a room in the house to pick up the slack. It was either that or sell the house, and none of them wanted to sell.
They were surprised to hear my fake identity was twenty-six-years old. They thought I was younger. It was tricky talking about my supposed age. I had to speak in the third person whenever I described details about John Evans. After a bit, Ben and I were good. We had done the male dominance thing and I had paid for pizza. Sure, he was taller but I had more years and ready cash. He was close enough to childhood and had a sheltered enough upbringing where he still had some respect for older adults.
Every few minutes, Ben got calls and text messages. He screened most of the calls, answered his phone twice, and texted a half dozen times. From the way he talked on the phone and smiled while texting, I could tell all the calls and texts were from different girls. He was too young to understand that too much of anything will bite you in the ass.
Soon, I had Ben and Andi alternately laughing and groaning at old jokes I had stolen from Groucho Marx. They had no idea who he was. By the time Mina came into the kitchen, I was telling my last joke, “Outside a dog, a book is a man’s best friend. Inside a dog, it’s too dark to read.”
I hadn’t been fair to Mina when I previously compared her to Andi. She cleaned up well. She had put on a little bit of lipstick and mascara, but otherwise showed off her natural beauty. Instead of a tank top, she wore a tight t-shirt that showed off more than it hid. By the way she was outlined it looked like she was all natural. Initially, I had to fight so hard to keep my eyes on her face I almost started getting a headache.
The more I looked into her eyes, the easier it was to keep my gaze there. I could come home every day to this face. What the HELL was I thinking? I didn’t have time for this shit. I jerked my gaze down to the table in front of me and then to Ben and Andi. Ben looked amused. Andi looked annoyed.
I took a deep breath and looked back up at Mina. “Glad you could make it to our party. I’m sorry, but I’m afraid the pizza is cold. Would you like some?”
She smiled, “No thanks, I already ate. I’m sorry it took so long to come down, but I had to do that credit and background check on you, Vic. I’m glad to say you passed.”
I had written a check for two months’ rent before I came down. I pulled it out of my pocket and handed it over. “Here’s a check for fifteen hundred dollars. I made it out to you. I hope that’s okay?”
“Sure, that’s fine.” She gave me back my driver’s license and credit card.
I noticed how tired I was. I told myself I wasn’t running away from Mina as I made my excuses and headed back upstairs. A couple of hours later I was lying on my bed, thoughts spinning like an ADHD gerbil on an exercise wheel, when I heard soft footsteps coming up the stairs and a knock on my door.
“Who is it?”
“It’s me, Andi. Can we talk?”
Crap! Like I needed this. I thought about my options. I needed to squash this fast, but if I was too brutal, it might make my stay here uncomfortable. I’d had enough of taking shit calmly. Salt Lake City was large enough to have other homes with thresholds. I put on some shorts and threw my door open. I didn’t try to hide how irritated I was at the situation.
“Andi, I’m not attracted to you. Nothing is going to happen. Go to bed.” I shut the door in her shocked face. I felt better. I fell asleep immediately.

Chapter 5: Of Men and Angels
I woke up rested. My phone said it was 5:52 a.m. I listened and the house was silent except for an intermittent grunting snore; my super hearing was useful. I didn’t know why but I was certain Mina was snoring; it was cute. ‘Goddamn!’ There I go again. She wasn’t even my type. I usually go for older, low maintenance women who have been around long enough not to expect perfection from men. I needed to find out what the hell was going on. I’ve never, even as a kid, been infatuated. A woman snoring…cute? I was disgusting myself.
I got up to brush my teeth. I was just as androgynously pretty as I had been last night. Put a wig on me and I’d look like a hot chick. I thought about the conversation I had with Andi last night. Now that I was rested, I knew I’d been harsher than I should have been. She was just a kid. Even though she was a pain in the ass, she hadn’t meant any harm. I had been on edge about everything and taken it out on her.
Andi most likely hated me; she had good reason. I wondered if she would tell Mina. Probably, they seemed close. If Mina knew, I wondered how she would react. Oh well, I had all day to look for a place. There’d be other homes with decent thresholds. It wouldn’t be a bad thing to get away from the women in this house.
I had energy I needed to burn off. I checked out my feet. Evolutionary biology and the theory that human beings were designed to run barefoot appealed to me. Some of the best long distance runners in the world run barefoot. I still wore shoes when I worked out in a gym, but for the past year when I ran outside, I went barefoot. The calluses I’d built up were all gone. I had a feeling I wouldn’t need them.
I thought about my handshake with Ben. I looked at my hands. They were subtly different. The attachments of my muscles and tendons had changed. It looked like my increased strength had an anatomic basis. Chimpanzees and humans share ninety-eight percent of the same genes, but the average chimpanzee is five to seven times stronger than the average man. Chimps are stronger because their bones are denser and their tendons are positioned for better leverage. There are always tradeoffs. Humans float in water; chimps sink. Chimps don’t have the speed and endurance that humans do. I wondered if my speed and endurance had been affected for the worse.
B said Trolls were night creatures. I only needed to stay inside a threshold while the sun was down. It was a little past dawn, so I dressed and went outside. The morning temperature was still cool and the sky was a perfect blue. I turned on my phone running app to record my speed and distance, then took off. As expected, my feet didn’t hurt; I felt like I was running on padded carpet.
I was easily running a six minute mile compared to my normal ten. I sped up and ran as fast as I could. It was a struggle, and it hurt, but I was able to keep a four minute mile pace for two miles. In the past, I had never been able to crack five-and-a-half minutes. It was good to know my speed and endurance hadn’t dropped, and strangely reassuring to know my running speed wasn’t completely outside the boundaries of the humanly possible.
I dropped down to a five minute pace and made a fifteen mile loop. This pace wasn’t easy. I had to work to keep it up, but it was doable. Athletes who have both speed and endurance—whether they’re men like Lance Armstrong or horses like Secretariat— have oversized hearts. I placed my hand over my heart; I wasn’t sure but my heart felt like it was larger.
On the way back, I saw a bakery that was open for business. I bought a bunch of croissants and Danishes with different fillings along with four large cups of coffee. A peace offering to the Swenson girls wouldn’t hurt. I ran two miles back to the house, balancing the coffee tray in one hand like a waiter, and carrying the pastries in a bag with the other. My agility and coordination had also improved. I was never in danger of losing the coffee cups.
It was a little before 7:30 when I got back. I could hear Mina and Andi up in their respective bathrooms. Ben still wasn’t moving. I snuck into the kitchen and poured three of the coffee cups into an insulated coffee pot and left the pot and all the pastries on a plate on the breakfast table. I took a few seconds to gulp down the cup I hadn’t poured and then went back outside. I wasn’t up to facing the women just yet.
I had my first court-ordered psychological evaluation when I was thirteen. A visiting brother to the orphanage touched me; in response I crippled him. It had happened in the days before religious pedophilia made the news, and no one believed my story. The highlights of the evaluation were that I was highly intelligent, had anger management issues, hated authority, and had a pathological need to remain in control. I had been railroaded into juvie, but the psych eval was accurate.
I didn’t have a problem with my intelligence, hatred of authority, or my need for control. My anger bothered me. I made unforced errors when I got angry. For the last few years, I’ve been dealing with my temper with Tai Chi and meditation. Before I could deal with any of my current problems I needed to get my head on straight. I walked to the middle of the backyard. My shirt was soaking wet, yet I considered keeping it on; I was becoming self-conscious about how I looked. Fuck it. It was the way I looked—might as well get used to it. I stripped my shirt off and began the classical Yang style, the eighty-eight forms.
Within minutes, my heart rate slowed and my mind began to float. I was aware of everything but I didn’t care about anything. The trance state relaxes me; I have thoughts without emotions. For forty minutes I got lost in the forms. Tai Chi looks easy because the motions are so slow, and if done right, beautiful. What most people don’t realize is your knees and hips are kept bent almost continuously. Keeping your center of gravity one foot lower than normal, never standing fully erect for forty minutes is strenuous. After a fifteen mile run and eighty-eight forms, my legs should have been exhausted; they weren’t.
About fifteen minutes after I started Tai Chi, Mina and Andi came into the kitchen. Shortly afterwards, Andi got into her car and took off. From her uniform, it looked like she was off to practice. She had been munching on a croissant while she walked to her car, which was probably a good sign. I knew Mina was watching me, but at this point I didn’t care.
I went straight into a flashy Tae Kwon Do form that was all jumps and flying kicks. No one with experience jumps when it counts. Throw yourself into the air and you’ve just committed yourself to a trajectory you can’t change. If you have an experienced opponent, he’ll grab you while your feet are up and slam you into the ground. In Tae Kwan Do tournaments it’s illegal to hold on to your opponent, and it’s almost impossible to score a point with a punch. Without those artificial rules, you’d never see flying or jumping kicks in a match. I use these kicks to train, to work on speed and bursts of strength. I never leave the ground in a real fight.
The form starts off in a standing prayer position—feet together, knees and spine straight, hands chest high, and palms together. I went straight into a simultaneous side and back kick. My new vert was about eighteen inches higher than it had been. My feet were close to seven feet in the air as I did the splits. When I landed I felt like I was on a trampoline, I went straight into a spin jump wheel kick, getting even more air. Sixty seconds later, I finished with a spinning jump roundhouse. I wasn’t even breathing hard. Being a paladin wasn’t all bad.
I grabbed my shirt off the ground and went back into the house. Mina was waiting for me, sipping on a cup of coffee. Her face was serious. “Did you really slam your door in Andi’s face last night?”
“Kind of—do you mind if I take a quick shower and get dressed before we continue with this conversation?” I didn’t wait for her answer. I turned and quickly went up the stairs. When I got to my room, I took a few minutes to check on my emails. I wanted to stop sweating before I showered. I had an email from B with the heading ‘A message from God.’ I shook my head. B wasn’t as funny as he thought he was. He wanted me to go to a coin shop on 200 East Broadway in downtown Salt Lake City.
When I came back down, Mina stood, arms crossed, one foot tapping impatiently. I didn’t know how to even begin to explain myself, “Uh…”
Mina let loose a sly grin and shook her head, “Vic, you don’t need to look so worried. Really, I appreciate you setting Andi straight. She’s been acting up since our parents died. She had no business going up to your room last night. When she told me what happened, I was really more upset with her than you. You could have been more diplomatic, but I’m glad you’re not into high school girls. Andi has a strong ego. She’ll be fine.”
The last thing I expected was for Mina to thank me. She took a long, considering look, went off topic and surprised me again, “You don’t like the way you look, do you?”
“Yeah…are we good?”
“Sure, we’re fine. Vic, I saw you outside doing Tai Chi. What style of martial arts were you doing afterwards? How were you able to jump so high?”
“I’m really sorry, Mina. I wish I had more time to talk but if we’re good, I really have to leave. I have an appointment and I can’t afford to be late.”
“Oh, okay.”
It could have just been wishful thinking, but I think she looked disappointed as I took off. I really didn’t like the way this girl made me feel. Jesus! I acted like a tongue-tied kid around her. I needed to get a grip.
I had only been driving for a few minutes when I realized I was starving. I pulled up to a McDonald’s drive through and ordered ten Egg McMuffins and a large orange juice. The cashier wanted to give me more drinks. I had to go back and forth with her a couple times to convince her all the food was just for me and I only needed one drink. I pulled into a parking space and in the next few minutes ate everything.
You have to pay for increased horsepower with worse gas mileage. It looked like my new body worked the same way. I was faster and stronger but I needed more calories. I wasn’t famished when I finished but I could have eaten a couple more breakfast sandwiches without a problem.
Salt Lake City isn’t that big of a town. After I got going again, it only took ten minutes to drive to the coin store, Rare Change and Medallions. There was only one person in the store. The instant he saw me he walked around the counter with a huge smile, his hand out for me to shake. “Welcome, you must be Victor Paladin. You look exactly like your great, great, great grandfather.”
I expected the guy to burst out into a ‘Ho, ho, ho.’ He resembled a miniature Santa Claus dressed in civilian clothes. He had a bushy white beard, red cheeks and nose, and comfortably large gut. He was tiny, barely five feet tall, and had a Irish brogue. He even had the round rimless glasses.
I had been paying so much attention to his looks that it took a few seconds for what he had said to penetrate. “You knew one of my grandparents?”
“One of your multiple great grandparents; his name was Regal.” When the tiny guy smiled, he was straight out of an illustrated story book; white beard, twinkly button eyes, and rosy cheeks, “I can see by your face you think the name is ridiculous, but your line has always preferred ‘majestic’ names.”
I told myself not to get my hopes too high, “Did you know my parents?”
His smile disappeared, he soberly replied, “No, I’m sorry I didn’t. I was briefed about the mix up when you were orphaned, but with ‘need to know,’ I wasn’t told anything about your mother and father. I can tell you a lot of stories about Regal. My name is Aidan Cahill.” As we shook hands, his expression brightened. “Please, please, let’s go downstairs where we can sit and talk more comfortably.”
Before I could ask more questions he turned toward the rear door and shouted, “Tim, come and take over the counter!”
A few seconds later an average sized blonde guy with the beginnings of a pot belly and thinning hair came in the room. He looked to be in his late twenties. His smile was so large that it almost broke his face, and he looked at me with something approaching awe. He ran over to where I stood, and with too much pleasure, grabbed my hand with both of his. “I’m Tim Hardy, Master Aidan’s apprentice. We’ve been without a paladin for almost a year now and it’s been a mess. I never expected our replacement to be a real honest to Jehovah ‘Paladin’. You’re just in time for the Redcap hunt. Oh my God, it’s such an honor!” he gushed.
“Thanks, Tim.” I glanced at Aidan with a what-the-hell’s-up-with-Tim look on my face. He nodded at me, chuckled, and jerked his head toward the door. I gently pushed Tim away from me. He didn’t want to let go of my hand. Luckily, Tim didn’t have magical strength.
As soon as I got away, I followed Aidan downstairs. The lower floor led to a hallway with multiple doors. Aidan opened the door to an office. He made his way around the large wooden desk to sit in a black leather office chair that must have been custom made for him. When he sat, he looked almost normal height. I sat in one of the two chairs in front of his desk.
Aidan appraised me. I calmly looked back at him. I got the sense it would be a mistake to underestimate him. He slapped his hands on his desk. “Now, I saw the look on your face when Tim was babbling. You really have no idea what he was talking about.”
I attempted a socially appropriate smile and shrugged. “You got that right. The only facts I know is that Paladin is now my job title as well as my name. I can’t leave town without clearing the Norse trolls out. Oh, and from now on, I can’t lie or have sex outside of marriage without throwing up.”
He sighed and his smile completely disappeared. “That’s not much, to be sure. It’s what I was told in the briefing, but I still have a hard time believing a man with the surname of Paladin would know so little. When you have time, you should read this.” Aidan handed me a small, leather bound notebook. “Tis the journal of the last Salt Lake City paladin. I don’t know if you’ve ever kept a work log before, but from now on you will. You will need to work on it every night. The minute you write it down, the information goes upstairs. Paul Swenson, the previous paladin, was traditional. He liked pen and paper. So do I, but a digital text file works just as well.
“Victor, there is so much I could tell you. Time is short. I need to prioritize and tell you what you need to know right now.” He smiled ruefully to himself, tugging at his hair as he got lost in his thoughts. He now looked like a miniature, fat Einstein. “I guess the best job description for you is a frontier-style sheriff. You’ll keep the peace and if necessary, kill the bad guys. The Redcaps Tim was talking about are a type of fairy who wears a wool cap soaked in human blood. If the blood ever dries, the Redcap dies. They need a constant supply of human blood.”
When I heard I had to fight fucking fairies, I wanted to scream. My world had been interesting enough as it was. I hadn’t needed to read fantasy or believe in fairy tales to spice up my life. I had been content in my world of science, facts, and numbers. I couldn’t believe the idiots with blogs decorated with unicorns had been closer to the truth than me.
Aidan noticed I’d stopped paying attention. He calmly made eye contact. I was struck by how much dignity this tiny man exuded. He should have been cute and funny; he wasn’t. When he had my attention, he leaned forward toward me, his voice intent. “There is a band of twenty or so of them holed up under the sewers near Pioneer Park. They’re smart. For the last couple of months they have been killing the homeless—people who are not likely to be missed. We finally noticed and we need to take them out quickly. Every time they kill someone, they gain enough power from the sacrifice to pull another Redcap through the veil. You have come at a perfect time. We were planning on going into the sewers this afternoon. I was not looking forward to it; I have been around for a while and have picked up a few combat skills, but I have never been what you would call a warrior. Of the other four, Tim is probably the most competent in a fight.” Cahill smiled sheepishly, “Despite his appearance, Tim is actually highly skilled.”
My eyes widened at the thought of Tim behind me in a firefight. In the few seconds I’d been with him, I felt like I knew him. If he was one of the best they had, I was better off solo.
“The odds were not looking so good until we found out you were in town. I have to tell you, Victor—seeing how little you know, I don’t know if we are any better off. You are powerful. I could sense you from a couple blocks away, but you have to know how to wield your power for it to be of any use.”
I’ve always been good at reading people. Aidan and Tim had both been ecstatic to see me. Aidan now looked like his dog just died. The expression on his face seemed wrong. Santa Claus wasn’t supposed to frown. “So, why do you and Tim have to be heroes? There has to be more than a million people in the Greater Salt Lake Region. Why can’t you recruit more people?”
“To answer that, I’m going to have to give some background. I don’t know how well you know the Holy Bible. If you go back before Jesus Christ and look at any and all of the historical records, you will see that every culture used magic. Greek, Roman, Goth, Assyrian, Egyptian; all wrote about magic as if it was commonplace. The Bible even describes a magical duel.”
He was telling me the bible was historically true. Fuck! I listened without an expression as he quoted a passage from Exodus I knew well. ‘Then Moses and Aaron went to Pharaoh and did as the LORD had commanded. Aaron threw his staff down before Pharaoh and his servants, and it was changed into a snake. Pharaoh, in turn, summoned wise men and sorcerers, and they also, the magicians of Egypt, did likewise by their magic arts. Each one threw down his staff, and it was changed into a snake. But Aaron’s staff swallowed their staffs.’2
Aidan was in full absentminded professor mode, tugging again at his hair, as he explained, “When Jehovah created man, He gave him free will. He hadn’t meant to give angels free will, but that’s how it worked out. He was shocked to find out angels and humans could interbreed. ‘There were giants on the earth in those days, and also afterward, when the sons of God had relations with the daughters of men, who bore children to them. These were the mighty men who were of old, the men of renown.’3
“Humans with angelic blood can force their will upon the Universe. Humans with angel genes can work magic.”
Aidan leaned back. I could see him making sure I was still paying attention. Satisfied, he continued, “The standard story is that Lucifer and the third of the hosts of heaven rebelled because they refused to bow to man—not true. They didn’t rebel out of high-minded principles. They rebelled because they wanted to make their own choices and decisions.
“Jesus’ crucifixion, death, and resurrection fixed Jehovah’s mistakes. Christ gave all men a way to salvation and at the same time took away free will from angels. Angels no longer could have children. Our Universe is a reflection of God’s will. A human who keeps his magic use to a minimum remains human. If he starts using magic regularly, the Universe starts treating him like an angel and his ability to make all his own decisions begin to wane. Magic disappeared from history after Jesus because magic users eventually lost their free agency.
“I’m a defector from another Universe. I come from the same dimension as the Redcaps.”
I was incredulous. He was claiming to be a fairy? On second thought, it explained a lot. His miniature stature and his claim to have known one of my ancestors now made sense. I resisted my temptation to ask him more about his home dimension and why he defected. He knew more than I did and he claimed we had limited time. For now, I had to let him judge what I needed to know. Aidan noticed I was distracted. He courteously stopped talking, waiting for me to ask a question.
When I shook my head he continued, “My powers do not come from God, but when I defected, I had to pass what you might call a citizenship test. I learned the three holy books—the Torah, the Bible, and the Koran and agreed to bind my soul to Yahweh. I am forced by my binding to defend and protect Earth from the minions of all other gods. Now that I know the Redcaps are here, I have no choice but to fight them.
“Tim got his start as a follower of Aleister Crowley. He got good enough at magic to lose his ability to make all his own choices. He now has to help defend the people of Salt Lake City. Ever hear stories of men who can’t swim jumping into deep water to save people from drowning and then dying themselves; of men who run repeatedly into burning buildings to save others? That’s what happens when they try to resist God’s commandments for too long. The strength of the compulsion causes them to become suicidal.”
I couldn’t help it. I started to laugh. The shit just kept on piling higher and higher. It was a bitter laugh and Aidan looked concerned. “Don’t mind me Aidan, please go on.”
“All of us have to move in on the Redcaps while we still have the ability to make some choices. Your most dangerous foes are the Norse; they are out to kill you personally. But the most immediate, pressing task you have is to get rid of the Redcaps.”
Cahill looked at me expectantly. It was question and answer time. I didn’t know where to start. “What…why me? I’ve never done any magic.”
Aidan looked at me quizzically, “You really don’t know?”
I just stared at him without changing my expression. I wouldn’t have said it if I hadn’t meant it.
“According to the briefing I received, as a seventy pound thirteen-year old, you fractured the kneecap of a fairly large grown man. You’ve been shot in the heart and didn’t die. You have prevented yourself from aging for twenty-five years. Didn’t it occur to you it might not just be luck? At its most basic, magic is forcing your will upon the Universe. You have been doing that for a long time.”
Whatever I had expected him to say, it wasn’t this. For the second time in this conversation, I started laughing. It figured I had no one to blame but myself. “You mean all those years I’ve been thinking I’ve been so smart and tough, it’s all been magic?”
Aidan grinned broadly. Even his teeth twinkled, “Don’t sell yourself short. For most of your life, you’ve been doing the equivalent of getting power directly from an active volcano without any safety measures. Opening yourself up to the Universe’s power is relatively easy, to be sure. Surviving the aftermath is not. Your mind should have burned out decades ago.”
I saw respect in his eyes as he continued, “You must have an extraordinary amount of self-control and discipline. Up until a few hundred years ago, hermit monks were fairly common. They lived in seclusion and spent all of their time studying ancient texts and mortifying their flesh. Normally it requires that kind of intense ascetic lifestyle to have the mental discipline to survive magic without buffers.”
I’ve lived a solitary nomadic life for years, I spend at least forty hours a week reading random stuff—history, biology, physics anything that catches my attention, and I’m an endurance athlete. I’d been a hermit monk without knowing it. “So why do the Norse trolls want to kill me personally?”
“They want to claim your weapons by right of conquest. Every paladin inherits invulnerable armor and a fearsome weapon. Anyone who kills a paladin has a chance to claim those treasures. The trolls mortally wounded the previous paladin, but he lived long enough to protect his gear.”
Aidan rubbed his tiny hands together with an expression of joy. Somehow he was able to keep from looking cute. I got the sense his happiness was genuine. He liked giving gifts. “They are now yours.”

Chapter 6: Pig Latin
Aidan got up and went over to a large safe in the corner of the room. He opened it, revealing a large kite shaped medieval knight’s shield and longsword. Both were made of a polished silver metal that glowed. The illusion I was talking to Santa grew stronger as he chortled. “Victor, you don’t hide your emotions well. I can see you’re not impressed with the paladin’s traditional weaponry.”
He held up his hand to hold off my response. I could tell he thought I was making a mistake. “Before you make up your mind, you should know the shield and sword will come to your hand instantaneously whenever you want them. They will also return to whatever storage place you choose. I would recommend storing them in this safe. They can never be broken and do not require any care. Nothing on Earth can penetrate the shield. The sword will kill any creature that doesn’t have god-like strength and powers.
“Once a week, the shield can be used to heal all wounds. The sword is ever sharp and will cut through steel like cardboard. While you live, no one else can touch your sword and shield without your permission.”
If I had a choice, there was no way I was going to look like a Renaissance Fair geek. I couldn’t believe that in this day and age, the best a Holy Warrior could do was a sword and shield. “Look man, I’m really not into suiting up like Prince Valiant. Do I have any other options? You know, something a little more modern?”
Aidan looked slightly offended. “In the six hundred plus years I have been an armorer for paladins, I have never had one turn down the traditional shield and sword. I have heard of one paladin in the early 1800’s who changed his gifts to a breastplate and spear. It’s more common to make minor changes to the grip, hilt, or length.”
“But, if I wanted, I could change the sword to a gun?”
“Yes…as long as you knew exactly what you wanted and could hold a vision of the gun in your head.” I could see him get lost in thought. The worry and the hesitation I had previously seen on his face disappeared.
“How would the magical sharpness doohickey work on a firearm?”
Aidan was clearly a gear-head. He loved talking, thinking, and messing about with gear. He became more animated. “You can change the magic spell on your gear. A few thousand years ago, there was a time when a flaming sword was popular, but over the millennia, it has become obvious which spells work best for sword and shield. Hmmm, I don’t think anyone’s ever thought much about the best spell for a gun. I can tell you what will not work, though—endless ammunition. Conservation of mass and energy applies to magic, too. Maintaining super sharpness does not require much energy, so it’s constant. The flaming sword could light up for less than an hour a day. Converting energy into mass takes a lot of, well…energy. We could probably get you a magic reload of de novo ammo...say once a week, maybe longer.
“It’d be easier to magically transport ammo from one location to another. We could cache ammo in one location and magically call it to another. The mechanism behind transportation is non-intuitive, but it takes less energy to transfer through the aether than to try to create ammo out of thin air. It works on the basis of quantum entanglement.”
He peered up at me to see if I knew what he was talking about. When a subatomic particle like a photon is split into two equal photons of opposite polarity, they are ‘entangled’—what happens to one photon is inexplicably replicated by the other. In 1993 Charles Bennet and others proposed the idea of teleporting light using this process. In 1997, a group from Innsbruck proved that this could be done; this experiment had been repeated successfully multiple times. Theoretically any subatomic particle could be teleported. A science fiction author once said, “Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic.”4 It looks like he was right.
I nodded to show him I understood, and went off topic. “How about the ability to shoot silently?”
“A magical suppressor?” Aidan got up and paced back and forth behind his desk as he thought. “Yes, that would work, but again conservation of energy applies. Converting sound to heat is easy. Speaking off the cuff without any calculations, firearms get hot anyway after firing multiple rounds. Your weapon could get really hot, maybe to the point of you requiring heatproof gloves. The sound suppression would only work while the projectile was still in the barrel, so it wouldn’t be completely silent. The decibel level would depend on the size and shape of the projectile, and whether or not it was supersonic in flight.”
“Could we sink the heat into the bullet?”
Aidan beamed at me. He clearly liked intelligent questions. “Lead has a low melting point. If we did that, there’s a chance that it could soften the lead sufficiently to smear it in the rifling, fouling the barrel and diminishing accuracy.”
I flashed a quick grin, “I’m thinking about a shotgun.”
Aidan guffawed, “Faith, wouldn’t that be a sight to see, a silenced shotgun shooting molten lead shot. What kind of shotgun are you thinking of?”
“You have internet access? I can show you.” Aidan sat again, pulled a laptop out of one his desk drawers and turned it on. “Look up Military Police Systems AA-12 Assault Combat Shotgun.”
He muttered quietly to himself as he used two fingers to slowly type in a Google search. He then started reading out loud, “The AA-12 has a pistol grip and shoulder stock and feeds from a detachable ten round box magazine, or a twenty or thirty-two-round ammunition drum, attains a rate-of-fire of up to three hundred rounds-per-minute and has almost no muzzle climb and a dampened recoil effect. The operation is via a simple blowback mechanism. To reduce recoil, the firing pin is built into the bolt, causing the firing pin to extend and ignite the round prior to bolt closure. The long recoil system allows the bolt to travel back further than most weapon systems decreasing the perceived recoil. The AA-12 comes with a muzzle extension that allows it to be pressed firmly against an object, like a door, and still be fired.” He whistled. “That’s some shotgun. I can see why you’d prefer one over a sword.
“I’m embarrassed. I cannot believe I haven’t thought of a magic firearm before now.”
Aidan had mentioned he’d been an armorer for over six hundred years. Over time, it’s easy to develop routines and patterns of thought. Guns came into common use a hundred and fifty years ago. To him, guns must still be new-fangled. After hundreds of years in the same career, I could see how hard it would be to think outside the box. It was easy to tell that when it came to magic weapons, he thought he was hot shit; I sensed rightfully so. Any expert who was open to an amateur’s idea was someone I could respect.
From what B had said, most paladins started training from a very young age. It’s hard to break patterns of thought that have been ingrained since childhood. If I’d been training with a sword and shield since I was a kid, it was possible I wouldn’t want a gun.
I could tell his mind was still focused on my shotgun when he distractedly asked, “What are you thinking about the shield? Do you want to turn it into a breastplate?”
There’s always a risk with unarmed combat. Every time you punch or kick, there’s a chance you will hurt yourself more than the person you hit. A boxer’s fracture is so common it has its own name. Martial artists routinely get stress fractures on their feet, and broken toes are a common occurrence in tournaments. “Can the shield be turned into leather boots? And if so, would they still provide the same protection?”
“It can turn into whatever material you want. Your two paladin gifts are not actually material. They are a miniscule part of Jehovah’s will made manifest. Think of them as a hologram you can touch. I’ve never heard of a paladin wanting boots, but magic boots are common. There’s no reason why the shield couldn’t be turned into a pair of boots but…What spell would you like? You can keep the once a week healing or there’s long-striding, high jumping, walking on water, light stepping—that’s not leaving tracks or making noise when you walk—and wall climbing. I’m sorry, but there is not enough available energy to power flying footgear. You can only choose one spell, and the boots will only protect what they cover. If you give up the shield, you’ll lose a lot of protection.”
I’d done fine without a shield my entire life. I was okay with the downsides of not getting one. The ability to heal myself could certainly be useful, but now that I had access to magic, I asked about something I’ve wanted to do since I saw my first movie action hero run up a wall. “Tell me more about wall climbing.”
“The name says it all.” He grinned and used the fingers of his right hand on his other palm to demonstrate. “You can go up walls with the boots and as long as the surface is strong enough to bear your weight, they will hold you upside down from a ceiling. I suggest boots that come up to just below the knee and are so snugly fit they can only be put on or taken off by magic. You can put them on by calling them to you and take them off by sending them back into storage.
“It’s an interesting coincidence you want boots. The Redcaps wear iron boots and use iron spears. Even the spear shafts are made out of iron. They use a style of fighting called Speachóireacht. Gaelic dancing and their martial art have the same roots; both use straight legged, powerful kicks. I’m assuming you want to use your boots as weapons, too?”
I nodded.
“The material of the boots is indestructible but if they are made to look like leather, they will flex and give like leather. If you kicked an iron breastplate, your boot would be fine but your toes inside the boot could be crushed. We would want a protective cap in the toes, at the heels, and over your shin…” Aidan got lost in his head for a few seconds and then noticeably focused back on me. His face was serious. “Victor, we don’t have much time. If we wait past this afternoon, there’s a good chance Tim, I, and the other three will lose the ability to make conscious choices and be forced to battle the Redcaps. Are you sure you don’t want the sword and shield as is? I promise you these are most amazing weapons.”
I’m a loner by nature. I don’t like explaining myself to others. I liked Aidan but it was going to be a problem if he kept on trying to second guess me. I tried to keep my tone reasonable as I replied, “Aidan, I understand the need for speed. I’m sure if I knew how to use either one of these things, I’d be jumping up and down with joy. If I’m going into a life or death fight, I need weapons I trust. I know shotguns and I’ve been using my feet as weapons for years.”
Mini-Santa sighed, took off his glasses and rubbed his eyes. He looked tired. “I’m sorry, but to make your shotgun and your boots work, I’m going to have to spend a couple hours researching and making calculations. Remember, you only get one opportunity to change your gifts. You are sure these are what you want?” He looked at me anxiously, like his life depended on my answer.
I made direct eye contact with him. “I’m positive.”
Aidan looked up to the ceiling. He looked like he was complaining to Jehovah. It seemed to make him feel better. He had a resigned smile on his face when he turned his gaze back to me “I am going to have Tim come down and answer the rest of your questions. You also must learn two spells as soon as possible. He can help you with those, too. I’ll show you to his office. We don’t have much time.”
Aidan escorted me to an office a couple doors down and asked me to wait. I considered looking at the previous paladin’s journal but I decided I’d be better off researching Redcaps. I used my phone to surf the web. According to a Gaelic/Celtic mythology website, they were commonly called the fae, elves, or fairies. Like Aidan said, they wore woolen caps soaked in human blood, used iron spears and wore iron shoes. They apparently looked like ugly, little old men. It was frustrating not knowing if I could trust this site. I decided to look at as many different references as possible.
Before I could get any further, Tim Hardy entered the room, grabbed at my hand and started speaking at machine gun speed. “Mr. Paladin, I can’t tell you how happy I am you’re here! I was certain the last of the Salt Lake Brotherhood would die today! Oh my God…”
I interrupted before he could go on any further. “Tim, let’s pretend I have no idea what you’re talking about. What’s the Brotherhood?’
He looked taken aback. He took a few seconds and said, “Anyone who performs enough magic takes the Hero’s Oath.” He looked apologetic, “Otherwise known as the Hero’s Curse. Develop angelic powers and you are automatically enrolled in the Oath Brotherhood. We’re organized in different chapters based on the cities where we live. When the previous paladin died last August, there were over a hundred of us. After he was killed, the Brotherhood had to take over his responsibilities until a new paladin arrived.
“People who are fascinated by magic are almost never athletic. Our best fighters weren’t very good. The Brotherhood’s been able to keep Salt Lake City safe, but we’ve been losing members right and left. There are just five of us left.”
“Is that because you’re the best fighters?”
Tim’s face twisted like he was about to start crying, “I don’t know how good Master Aidan is at fighting. I know he’s over a thousand years old and anyone who has lived that long has to have some skills, but Sidhe are, to a large degree, fixed in their natures and leprechauns have never been known for their fighting skills. They’re known for being great at running and hiding. He’s our armorer. We all knew we needed his skills. I’m his apprentice so I was allowed to stay back as well. I’ve never actually had to fight as an Oath Brother.” He motioned toward his body and gave a crooked smile, “And as you can see, I look like a lover, not a fighter. Believe it or not, the three other remaining Brothers are even less warlike than I am. They’re three Carmelite Nuns in their late seventies and early eighties. The nuns know how to heal, and that’s about it. In the past, their main job was to help orient new Brotherhood members.
“God works in mysterious ways, Mr. Paladin. We knew sooner or later we’d get a new paladin and the people of Salt Lake City would stay protected, but He also likes martyrs. He’s collected quite a few of us this last year.”
I hadn’t been in a good mood before, and dealing with Tim wasn’t helping. I was afraid if I asked the wrong question, he would break down and start weeping. “Um, Aidan wanted you to teach me something?”
He blew his nose in a tissue he pulled from his pocket and visibly pulled himself together. “Oh yes, I’ve been told you haven’t had any training at all in magic. That’s amazing, considering the amount of power you emanate. The first thing you need is a surge protector—a protective field that stops a backwash of energy from burning out all your synapses if a spell goes wrong.” He pulled out an iPad, opened up a document and passed it over to me. “You need to memorize this incantation. Your will and intent is the most important part of any spell. It’s almost impossible to have the right focus if you don’t know the cantrip by heart.”
“So why is it in Latin?”
“It’s dangerous to cast spells in your native tongue or any language that doesn’t take a conscious effort to use; otherwise a random thought—or if you are powerful enough, a dream—could result in a spell. You can use any language you want; Latin is the most common spell casting language.”
I don’t know how to speak Latin. Anyone who spends enough time reading nonfiction learns a few phrases and a couple hundred words. I kind of got the gist of what the spell was supposed to do. “Tim is there any reason why I can’t use Pig Latin to cast spells?”
“Uh, did you just say Pig Latin? Okay, um, yeah I guess.”
Tim looked so incredulous, I couldn’t help but smile, “Why don’t you write down a translation of this spell in English, so I can say it in Pig Latin.”
He reluctantly took the iPad back. He slowly poked away on the tablet, and kept looking at me every few seconds like he thought I was crazy. Finally, he handed it back.
“So, do I have to wave my hands, sprinkle magic pixie dust, burn incense, or find a few dried toads?”
He ignored my sarcasm and gave me a straight answer, “Magic users create elaborate rituals to focus their minds. Beginners use all the tricks; perfectly memorized incantations, hand gestures, and various ingredients. If you don’t know the true basis of magic, there’s a placebo benefit to thinking that each phrase, movement, or herb has specific power or meaning—but they really don’t.
Tim nervously wiped sweat from his forehead with his sleeve. “To tell you the truth, I’d really feel more comfortable if you’d just go back to the tried and true Latin incantation. I can show you the proper gestures and light the usual incense and candles if you think they will help you focus?”
It was hard to tell because he was already such an emotional wreck, but he did look more jittery. “So what’s the downside of me using Pig Latin instead?”
“The amount of power you have is entirely dependent on how close your genetic makeup is to an angel. On a scale of zero to one hundred, with zero being someone without any angel genes and one hundred being your typical angel, I’m level eight. The worst that would happen if I cast a spell like this without a surge protector field is that all the synapses in my brain would burn out. My brain wouldn’t know how to keep me breathing. You’ve heard of spontaneous human combustion? They’re levels ten to twenty. To be a paladin, you need a rating of at least twenty-five.” Tim became visibly more confident as he talked about magic. Despite his general goofiness, it looked like he knew what he was talking about. “I’d bet you’re in the mid-forties. If something goes wrong when you cast your first spell and you aren’t in a shielded room, you’ll explode with enough force to level this entire block.”
“So what happens if I’m in a shielded room?”
Tim lost all the confidence he had gained. He gulped nervously. “You still blow up but the explosion is contained inside the room.”
I considered doing it Tim’s way. Ever since that fricking troll, I’ve had surprise after surprise and crisis after crisis slap me in the face. If I had the potential to be a powerful magic user, I wanted access to that power now. If I had a year, or even a few months, I could learn enough Latin to handle whatever came my way—to know for sure what the spell was supposed to do, and how I was supposed to cast it. I didn’t have that kind of time. There’s a difference between necessary and unnecessary risks. Using Pig Latin for spells was a necessary risk. “Where can we get a shielded room?”
“You’re in one now. All our rooms down here are shielded, but if you don’t mind I’ll move you to another room. Some of the stuff I have in here is impossible to replace.” Tim got up and escorted me through a blast door at the far end of the hall. Two more flights of stairs down ended at another blast door. The door led into a large long room about twenty feet wide and forty feet long. “This is the room where we test distance weapons and explody things. It’s actually under Broadway. The street’s about twenty feet above us. If you don’t mind, I’ll wait upstairs while you try your spell.” With that he turned and fled out the door.
I’d only been with Tim for a few minutes, but I was already missing Aidan. Tim had a binary solution set to stressful situations. He was either calm or completely freaked out; there were no gradations in-between. I couldn’t tell if Tim was just being Tim, or if I was making a stupid decision. With Aidan, I would have gotten a better read on the situation. I went over my options again. I wondered if I was doing the right thing, or if it was worth taking the time to find Aidan and get his input.
“The hell with it.’ I started the incantation.
 “I-ay ace-play is-thay otection-pray upon-ay yself-may.
“I-ay ill-way ot-nay use-ay agic-may ithout-way onscious-cay intent-ay.
“A-ay iscast-may ell-spay annot-cay urt-hay e-may.
“Instead-ay e-thay energy-ay ill-way issipate-day
“ithout-way arm-hay o-tay yself-may or-ay others-ay.”
Nothing happened. I stood and waited for a minute. Nothing happened again. It was one of the most anticlimactic moments of my life. I went to look for Tim. He was waiting for me at the top of the stairs. Before I could say a word, he flew down the stairs, hugged me and started crying—burying his head into my shoulder. I could feel his snot and tears soak through my shirt. “Mr. Paladin, I was so worried about you.” It was awkward. I was really starting to hate this job.
Eventually it dawned on Tim we didn’t look at all heterosexual. He let go of me and had the decency to look embarrassed. He took out a handful of tissues and blew his nose. “I’m SO glad you survived!”
I’d had enough of him. “Are we done?”
“You need one more spell. You need to hide your aura. Anyone who knows what they’re doing can sense you from a couple hundred feet away. Definitely not a good idea when you’re looking for Redcaps. You need protection from scrying spells.” Tim pulled out a pair of reading glasses from his shirt pocket and put them on. He carefully scanned me from head to foot, and then back up again. “Your surge protector looks great. There’s no chance of you blowing yourself up, and your soul looks like it could handle another major spell.”
What the...? “What’s my soul got to do with this?”
Tim perked up. Like most nerds, his favorite pastime was talking about his obsessions. “Scientists and philosophers have been arguing back and forth about what makes up the human mind for a very long time. Most neurophysiologists believe the brain and the mind are exactly the same things. In their worldview, souls don’t exist. You only have to meet one angel to know they’re wrong.
“The brain is an essential organ, but it’s just the receptacle for our minds. Destroy a brain, you still have an afterlife. Burn out a mind, you don’t. Souls and minds are the same. Our minds make up our souls; they are everything that makes us individuals. When we use magic, our soul touches the Universe. The analogy of a volcano accurately describes the Universal energy. Whenever our soul touches the molten lava, a part of it burns off. The more energy you try to siphon, the more of your soul you lose. Lose too much and you die the final death. Casting a strong spell temporarily downgrades your memory and your ability to think clearly. Lucky for us, souls are renewable. I could talk for hours about what kind of spells are the worst on your soul and what helps your mind regenerate, but we really don’t have the time.
“And Mr. Paladin, you just did something REALLY amazing! Unless you have the expertise of someone like Master Aidan Cahill, you NEVER want to make changes to a major cantrip without an active surge suppressor. Now that you have one, using Pig Latin for your next spell won’t be nearly as dangerous. Let’s go back to my office and I’ll show you what you have to do next.”
I realized how much of a risk I had just taken. It had worked out. There wasn’t much point crying over milk, especially when it hadn’t spilled. I promised myself, however, the next time I was tempted to get Aidan’s take on something to follow through and actually talk to him. When we got back to Tim’s office, he turned on his computer, spent a few minutes typing, and printed out two pages. “I’ve printed up two copies of your anti-scrying spell, the first in plain English and the second in Pig Latin.”
I’d been bothered by the thought of B watching everything I did. “Tim, after I put this spell on myself, will I be able to stop angels from watching me?”
“Hmm, well it would depend on how powerful the angel is; a low level angel shouldn’t be able to see you—unless of course they got dispensation from above. An archangel wouldn’t have any problems seeing you, and of course, Jehovah sees everything. The Jotunn that killed our previous paladin shouldn’t be able to track you.
“I want to warn you that after this next spell, you’re going to be wiped and it would probably be best for you to get some sleep. Why don’t you study the incantation while I set up a cot for you in one of the other rooms?”
It took a while to get over the disappointment I felt about the limits of the anti-scrying spell. I told myself I should have expected as much, but it didn’t matter. I hadn’t realized how much I had prized my solitude and anonymity until I had lost them. I was still trying and failing to focus on the incantation in front of me when Tim returned.
A thought occurred to me, “Tim, why am I placing these spells on myself? Why couldn’t you or Aidan do it?”
“You’re too powerful for a protection spell to stick if it’s cast by someone you don’t absolutely trust. Placing a spell on you is the equivalent of touching your soul. You don’t know me or Master Cahill well enough to really trust us. You would instinctively resist.
“The cot’s ready in another room. It’s probably best for you to go there now so you don’t have to travel as far after the incantation.”
The room with a cot was just two doors down. It was empty except for a small canvas camping cot. Tim walked into the room and stood there looking expectantly at me.
“Tim, do you have to be here?”
“Umm, no.” He shook his head and gave me a questioning look.
I stared at him until he started to squirm. “I’d like some privacy.”
“Oh, sure. Okay, I’ll be going, Mr. Paladin”
After he left, I looked again at the papers Tim had printed out. The spell was only a few lines. It didn’t take long to memorize. After I recited the incantation I felt a wave of weakness rush over me. I almost fell. My mind fogged up like I was drunk. I lowered myself onto the cot and fell instantly asleep.

Chapter 7: Gearing Up
“Victor, Victor.” When I woke up, I felt like I’d been on a three day bender. I sat up and I was dizzy and nauseated and my head pounded every time my heart beat. 
“Here drink this.” A large Styrofoam cup with a straw was pushed into my hands. It was a chocolate shake. I took a large sip, ripped the straw and plastic cover off, and started gulping it down as fast as I could. As soon as I was done, I was given another one. It took a little longer to finish this shake. From the aftertaste, I could tell the shakes had been fortified with protein supplement powder. After two shakes, I felt halfway human.
“Victor, we don’t have much time.” I looked up; Aidan had given me the drinks. Tim stood behind him. I stood up slowly. When Tim rushed over to help me, I waved him away.
“How much time have we got?”
“At most, a couple of hours.”
“So what do we do now?”
“We need to lock your paladin gifts to you. Normally, we would have a ceremony but we don’t have time.” Aidan handed me a charm bracelet filled with charms. My eyes were immediately drawn to a miniature AA-12. “Put this on. It will help you call your gifts and seal them to your soul. You need a call phrase. The previous Salt Lake City Paladin used ‘Christ Victorious’, another popular phrase is, ‘Justice.’ You get the idea.”
I put on the bracelet. Immediately, I saw a three dimensional image of an AA-12 hanging in the air in front of me. The buttstock was different, as were the sights. There was a rectangular bar running under the barrel. Next to the shotgun were images of a mid-to-late 1960s Harley-Davidson XLCH Sportster and a black leather motocross outfit—gloves, jacket, pants, boots and full-face helmet. It was as if I was rotating through my choices in a virtual reality video game.
I raised an eyebrow. Mini-Santa grinned, “I had a feeling you would prefer this look over the usual paladin’s suit of shining armor, and every paladin has a mount. Only your shotgun and boots are indestructible. There’s a minor spell of protection and comfort on your suit. I didn’t have time to do much else. Where possible, I have inserted Enhanced Mithril strike plates. I have linked the rest of your gear to the paladin’s gifts. When you call them, all your gear will appear. Stare closely at the images, Victor. Try to hold all the details in your mind, and then call your equipment to you. You can use any phrase you want, but once you pick a phrase, you’ll use it forever.”
I examined the images closely. The AA-12 had a twenty round drum. The suit had a utility belt that held two extra drums and three ten round box magazines. I looked up at Aidan; he had a reassuring smile. Tim was trying his best to look calm but his Adam’s apple was jiggling with anticipation.
I struggled against my reluctance to call the gear. It was one thing to put spells on myself to save my life; it was another to bind myself to Jehovah’s gifts forever. It was one thing to be forced into servitude, another to willingly accept gifts from my captor and master.
Who was I kidding? I’d gone up against just one troll and almost had my ass handed to me; my chances of surviving twenty plus magical elves without supernatural help was nil. Death was no escape. If I died, I’d be an angel and have even less free will and no dick. I was being given the farmhand’s choice of mucking out horseshit versus pig shit. Even with manure there are better and worse options. Pig crap is a hell of a lot worse horseshit. As a servant of God, I had the ability to make some of my own decisions. It was better than being an angel.
‘Christ victorious’, didn’t work for me. ‘Joey is a little shit’, could be a problem. I shouted, “Azam-shay!” The charm bracelet burst into a blue flame. As I watched, the bracelet melted and dissolved into my skin; there was no pain. The flames exploded over my body and then disappeared. When they were gone, I was holding the AA-12. I was looking through a visor that was so clean it was almost invisible. The clothes I had been wearing had been replaced by the black leather armor.
Aidan waved at me to follow him. We all walked out to the hall and down to the large room below Broadway. He gestured to the far wall about forty feet away. “Victor, we have targets so you can test your shotgun.”
The buttstock of the shotgun had been modified to accommodate my helmet. I took aim through the ghost ring sight and pulled the trigger. I fired a single round. There was barely any recoil. I held the trigger down and the AA-12 went fully automatic. Within seconds the entire magazine of twenty rounds was gone. I changed and emptied another magazine. Every round I’d fired had been completely silent. There hadn’t been any noise and hardly any muzzle rise.
“Aidan, what happened to the sonic boom?”
He beamed like a doting parent showing off a newborn. He was proud of what he had accomplished. “The speed of sound at sea level is three hundred forty meters per second. I found stock factory shotgun rounds with a muzzle velocity of three hundred thirty. There is not enough sonic energy in a shotgun blast to melt lead. The heat generated was only enough to make the lead warm to the touch. There is an upside because this allows us to use copper jacketed lead slugs with retractable stabilizing fins. With these finned, saboted slugs, your shotgun has one minute of angle accuracy at one hundred yards; that is, it will shoot one inch groups at that distance. Tim and I had to custom fabricate these slugs for you. We were able to make seventy-five rounds. Most Redcaps don’t wear armor, but if you meet one with a breastplate, a copper jacked slug should go through it. Military Police Systems makes a frangible, fin stabilized, armor piercing round that explodes with a nine foot blast radius.” He stopped and gave a sigh of regret. “Unfortunately, we didn’t have time to make high explosive rounds.
“Here now, why don’t you test fire a few slugs? Behind the rear ghost ring, there is a flip up adjustable peep sight you can use when targeting anything from fifty to three hundred yards. Since the target is only forty feet away, you are probably better off using the ghost ring.”
I changed to a box magazine. From forty feet away, I put three rounds into the same hole. Was it wrong to be in love with God’s will? While shooting, I felt an intense urge to go to Pioneer Park. I’d never been there before, my urge made no sense. I decided to ignore it. I practiced quickly switching out magazines. My need to leave got stronger. I remembered Pioneer Park was where the Redcaps were. Shit! I wasn’t going to have much time preparing.
“Aidan, I’ve got to go.”
Aidan’s expression became all business. “You have to say that Tim and I have permission to touch your gear. Give us all your magazines and we’ll reload them for you. I don’t know if you have noticed but you have a CamelBak-style backpack. You have four liters of fortified Gatorade inside. We added two quarts of white corn syrup to the Gatorade mix. You’ll find your calorie needs are four to five times higher than they were before.”
I walked over to Tim to hand him the shotgun. He jerked away like it was on fire. “Oh yeah, it’s okay for Tim and Aidan to touch my stuff.”
As I handed Tim my gun, he began giggling, “Mr. Paladin, you gave me permission to touch your stuff”.
I looked at him with every ounce of irritation I was feeling. He kept giggling.
Aidan cleared his throat. When I looked over, he looked almost as pained as me. “Your visor is mirrored; you can see out, no one else can see in. There is a spell on the visor to make it work like night vision and thermal imaging goggles, and another spell to keep it from getting dirty or fogged up. It is strong enough to resist small caliber bullets.”
Tim got the hint and shut up. He turned to a table up against the wall and started reloading my magazines. The urge to get to Pioneer Park was almost overwhelming. I knew I couldn’t leave until I had all my reloads. 
Aidan interrupted my chain of thought. “Victor. Say, ‘Gecko’ and your boots will stick to whatever surface they are on. Say, ‘Gecko’ again and they will stop sticking.”
“Gecko.” I tried to move my feet. I was able to rip one foot off the ground but I had to use all my strength.
“You need to peel your foot off starting from the heel and going to the toe like you have sticky tape on the bottom of your feet. Make sure you keep your weight forward to make the motion smooth, not jerky.” I followed his advice; there still was some resistance but not nearly as much as before. When I got to the wall, I tried to curl my toes up and keep my body parallel to the wall. It didn’t work. I didn’t have enough flex in my boots and the balance point was all wrong.
I tried keeping my feet flat to the wall, letting my body go horizontal to the ground. I was glad I had super strength. I could feel the strain on muscles on the front of my leg, thigh, and torso, but it was doable. I got to the ceiling and hung upside down. I said, ‘Gecko.” As I dropped, I twisted in the air and landed on my feet. Immediately, I sprang seven feet through the air to the closest wall shouting, “Gecko!” I landed and stuck. I yelled gecko twice, first to release from the wall and then again in the air to stick to the ceiling. I mouthed ‘Gecko’ without making an audible sound; I dropped to the ground.
I was having so much fun I could almost ignore my compulsion to get to the Redcaps. “Aidan, these boots have to take a lot of energy. How long can they stick before they give out?”
“Believe it or not Victor, they don’t use extra energy. The boots use the same forces geckos use to stick to walls. Plastic wrap works on the same principle—van der Waals, or electrostatic interaction. Your boots and a gecko’s foot have microscopic hairs called setae which are tipped with even smaller hairs called spatulae. There are so many of these hairs causing so much surface to surface interactions, a two ounce gecko can theoretically stick to a wall with over ninety pounds of force. The setae are even self-cleaning. Each of your boots stick to the wall with five hundred pounds of force. The only thing you cannot stick to is Teflon. Water significantly decreases the effect—from five hundred pounds of force to about three hundred.
“I have to warn you; you weigh a lot more than you think. To be sure, paladin bones and muscles are much denser than a normal man’s. You weigh at least fifty pounds more than you did before you turned. There is quite a bit of Mithril plate in your leathers. With all your gear, you’re probably close to three hundred pounds. Be careful on wet surfaces.”
Tim exclaimed, “I’m done!”
Aidan started speaking faster. “Let’s get all of your magazines including the ones that usually hang on your belt into your backpack. It wouldn’t do for a police officer to stop you on the way to the park. Your shotgun has a name, Sanguinis. Call her, and she will come. Say her name while holding her and Sanguinis will return to the safe in my office. We’ll watch for it. If you run out of ammo, send it here and we will switch out your magazine. Try to give us at least thirty seconds. Leave her here until you get to the sewers. There are three extra twenty round drums in your backpack besides the two from your utility belt and the four box magazines. ”
Aidan helped Tim stuff all the magazines into my backpack while it was still on my back.
“While researching assault weapons, I came across the concept of a tactical light. All paladin gifts can glow. I cannot believe I never thought of using light as a weapon.” Aidan actually started chortling with delight. I was struck again by his uncanny resemblance to Santa Claus. “The inside of Sanguinis’ barrel, firing pin, and bolt have a mirror finish and God’s will never gets tarnished. Say, ‘Lumen’ and the barrel will work like a flashlight. ‘Lux’ will cause a blast of light as bright as anything put out by a military style tactical light.”
Aidan picked up my shotgun. “See this button here by the trigger?” When I nodded he continued. “It takes thirty pounds of pressure to release it, so it is it’s hard to set off by accident.” He pushed it and an eight-inch bayonet shot out of the rectangular sheath below the barrel. “The blade pops out with four hundred pounds of pressure.” He gave an embarrassed shrug. “You’ll have to retract it. I don’t have the strength to pull against a four hundred pound spring with one hand. You brace the buttstock on your hip like this, keep the release button pushed in with one hand, and then use the other to pull back the bayonet.” He showed me how to brace the buttstock against my hip to get the leverage.
“Anything in your pockets will transfer when you switch from regular clothing to your armor and back. This includes your cell phone. If you need help, call us. While you were asleep, I worked on your phone. You’ll have a signal even deep underground. I put my number on speed dial; it’s #9. Tim is #8.”
Aidan gestured toward the way out. I began to run until I realized that he couldn’t keep up. He made it up the stairs, huffing and puffing, as quickly as he could. When we reached the ground floor he gasped, “Whistle, or call out ‘Harley’ and your mount will be waiting for you. Your compulsion to do Jehovah’s will is not all bad. It will lead you to where you need to go. You can depend on it to find the Redcaps.”

Chapter 8: Redcaps
I whistled for Harley as soon as I got to street level. Aidan and Tim stayed in the lobby as I ran outside. I guess with a paladin in town, their compulsion to fight monsters was gone. I was good with that. I didn’t trust Tim to have my back and I wanted Aidan here to get me reloads if I needed them.
Outside, I heard the distinctive sound of a Harley-Davidson idling. I followed the sound to the alleyway behind the store. My mount was a pristine black and chrome Competition Hot 1969 Sportster. I was starting to like my leprechaun armorer. I took off due west in the direction Joey wanted me to go. The top speed of this bike was supposed to be 112 mph. I had a feeling my mount could go faster. I made sure to ride only a couple miles above the speed limit. I didn’t need to be pulled over by a cop.
It only took a few minutes to get to Pioneer Park. Most of the people in the Park looked like they were homeless. They were clustered in groups and looked scared. I parked next to a manhole cover. If my mount hadn’t been God’s will made manifest, I probably would have worried about leaving it parked on the street.
Some of the homeless watched me go into the sewers. I didn’t care. They weren’t the kind who would report me to the authorities. I made sure to pull the cover back into place before I dropped down. Thankfully, it smelled like I had dropped into a storm drain rather than an actual working sewer. It made sense. Redcaps wouldn’t want to live in shit any more than I would. It was in the middle of summer, the drain was completely dry.
Aidan hadn’t been kidding when he said my visor would work like enhanced night vision goggles. Sunlight glimmered through small openings in the manhole cover above me. I could make out details for about twenty feet in varying shades of green and black. In the distance, further out in the darkness, a couple of small red glowing lights moved over the floor and walls. They had to be rats. The drain was made out of brick that had been hand-mortared into place. This drain had probably been built in the late 1800’s. At one point, it had been a perfect circle ten feet in diameter. Over the years, dirt, leaves, and everything else that washes into storm drains had built up at the bottom of the drain leaving a flat area about four feet wide.
“Sanguinis.” In an instant, my shotgun was in my hands. I could hear the rumblings of traffic on the street above me, and noise from the rodents that made the tunnel their home. I walked into the darkness. After thirty feet, the only light was from the body heat of the rats. Luckily there were enough of them; I could usually see where I was going. I was in their territory and they weren’t frightened. Most didn’t move away until I was just a few feet away from them. One particularly brave rat attacked me; after I stomped down, the hot blood that splashed from its body brightened the tunnel for a few seconds. Its death squeak brought other rats. By the time I was ten feet away, a seething ball of small red lights was fighting over its remains.
I wasn’t putting out any of my own light. Despite the summer heat, I was perfectly comfortable in my leathers. My armor was climate controlled and opaque to infrared. I made a note to myself to ask Aidan how it was powered. Was there a magical battery? Was it powered by kinetic motion? Was there some sort of inter-dimensional heat sink?
When I came up to the first intersection, I pulled out my phone. It was so dark the light from my screen seemed like a beacon. Magic was useful; my cell signal was great. I turned on my GPS app and set it to track my movements. Getting lost down here would suck. I quickly put my phone back in my pocket so the screen wouldn’t make me a target.
There was no sign of Redcaps until I approached the fourth intersection; then I heard voices coming from my right. I didn’t recognize the language. I mouthed ‘Gecko’ and quietly walked up the wall to my right. I was about eight feet off the ground when I squatted into a crouch. I was so still a rat crawled over my back. This was a good thing; it meant I looked like an inanimate object.
I was on the wall for three minutes. I wondered if I had made a mistake. My muscles were getting fatigued and on the verge of cramping when two figures walked into view. They were short, at most five foot three. Their body temperature was higher than a human being’s. They were like light bulbs. My infrared vision made their wool caps look black. My compulsion told me to kill them. I fired twice at the back of their heads and since I was at most ten feet away from them, I didn’t miss. They dropped instantly. “Gecko.” I jumped to their bodies and released my bayonet. I stabbed both bodies through the heart. After dealing with the troll that wouldn’t die, I wasn’t going to leave anything to chance. Neither body reacted. They were both dead.
Both Redcaps were laying face forward on the ground. The double-ought buckshot had turned the backs of their heads into mush. I turned them over. They looked like Popeye’s cousins; the same short stature with oversized forearms, beady eyes, potato like nose, and jutting jaw. Their stench was horrible, which made sense. Their wool caps were always soaked with blood and had never been washed.
One was armed with a six foot long spear forged from of a single billet of iron. The other had a quiver of six iron javelins and an iron club that could also be used as a spear thrower. With my new found super strength, it was hard for me to judge how much things weighed. I guessed with all that metal, the spear had to weigh at least forty pounds, and a javelin fifteen. The Redcaps had to be as strong as me, if not stronger. Even with armor, getting hit by either spear or javelin would suck.
I was debating whether or not to switch out my drum mag to a fully loaded one when I realized I had forgotten to hang replacement magazines on my belt. Fuck! It was a good thing I hadn’t needed an emergency reload. I had just finished putting my replacement magazines on my belt when I heard more Redcaps coming toward me. I still wasn’t sure how to gauge my super hearing so I didn’t know how far away they were. I took off away from them. The two Redcaps I had killed hadn’t been carrying any torches. They probably had infrared vision. I hoped so; my plan wouldn’t work otherwise.
I’ve never been in a storm drain system before today. I was surprised by the length of some of the tunnels. I guess I shouldn’t have been. The drains likely had a pattern similar to the streets above. In Salt Lake City, a city block is about one tenth of a mile, or one hundred and seventy-six yards. A hundred yards from the bodies, I stopped. The other elves hadn’t gotten to the intersection yet. I went into the kneeling firing position. Because of the distance, I switched out to a box magazine of stabilized slugs, and put the drum mag filled with buckshot on the ground within easy reach. I flipped up the peep sight and set it to a hundred yards. Should I use my GPS app to get the exact distance? I decided not. My armor was opaque to infrared. I should be invisible to the Redcaps. If I pulled out my phone I’d be screaming, ‘Here I am!’
I understood why the storm drains didn’t smell bad; they had an extremely efficient cleaning service. The cooling bodies were now entirely covered by a carpet of small red lights. If I listened carefully, I could hear hundreds of tiny mouths ripping at freshly dead flesh. Right around the three minute mark of waiting, eight Redcaps trotted into view. They started kicking at the rats. The covering of rodents was so dense, it took a few seconds for them to realize their dead friends were underneath.
The Redcaps started screaming in grief and rage. I hadn’t fired before because it was hard to keep a bead on someone kicking and stomping on rats. When the elves started yelling, they stopped moving. I hadn’t fired Sanguinis with stabilized slugs except for the few practice rounds. I kept it simple by aiming at the center of the mass. Three of them fell before they realized they were under attack.
My opponents were pros. The best way to respond to an ambush is to charge through it, and they did. It’s harder to hit a moving target. I winged two before I went through my magazine. An Olympic sprinter can run a hundred yards in nine seconds. The Redcaps were faster. I’d never been charged before and I fumbled my magazine change. By the time I had my drum magazine loaded, a Redcap was on top of me. I fired on full auto; his body jerked in a continuous stream of double-ought buck shot. I realized this was a mistake when I ran dry, and two fae were left.
I closed my eyes and screamed, “Lux!” Even with closed eyes, the flash of light was bright enough to hurt. Their screams of aggression turned into cries of pain. As soon as I opened my eyes, I lunged for the Popeye closest to me. His eyes were tearing; he couldn’t see. My bayonet plunged through his nose and into his brain. He slid off my blade as he collapsed. 
The last Redcap charged. I jumped into the air and screamed, “Gecko!” My boots were firmly locked on the ceiling. I kept my knees and hips bent to decrease my height; the momentum of his charge caused him to run below me. His eyes must have recovered because he was staring up in surprise when I speared him between the eyes.
When I dropped to the ground, I was exhausted. In the middle of changing magazines and getting reserve ammo from my backpack to put on my belt, I realized my gasping breath had been drowning out the sounds of multiple quiet footsteps coming from behind. As I spun, I felt something hit me, knocking me forward. I rolled to my feet instinctively. I wasn’t used to carrying a shotgun; I’d left it on the ground. “Sanguinis!”
There were too many Redcaps to count, just fifty feet away. The air filled with javelins. I skipped backwards, turned, and took off running toward the intersection. It slowed me down to weave and dodge. Luckily, the elves couldn’t run and throw accurately at the same time. It evened out. At the intersection, I crouched behind the corner of the right hand tunnel. 
I swung Sanguinis around the corner with only my shotgun and my right arm showing, and sprayed my entire magazine in the general direction of my enemies. After I ran empty, I stood up, changed magazines, and peeked down the tunnel.
I was shooting three inch, 12 gauge shells. In the four seconds it took to empty my drum, I sent two hundred and forty .30 caliber lead pellets down a ten foot wide tunnel; every pellet that hit a wall ricocheted. Because of my super strength and the AA-12’s minimal recoil, I had been able to keep Sanguinis level at knee height one-handed. It’s hard to run when you’ve been hit by buckshot. Even the ones that hadn’t been hit were moving slower. I had enough time to take seven aimed shots before a particularly aggressive elf almost got close enough to spear me. Being this close had advantages for both of us. I didn’t have to aim to hit him. I screamed, ‘Lux!’ This time I looked away and closed my eyes. The blast of light wasn’t quite as painful. When I opened my eyes I didn’t see spots.
I didn’t stay to chat. I took off running as fast as I could. Until now, I had been able to use the infrared glow of the Redcaps and the rats to see where I was going. I don’t know if it was the noise the Redcaps were making or the light blast I had set off, but the rats had disappeared. 
I was about to say, ‘Lumen’ when I had an idea. “Harley!” Within seconds I heard the pop-pop…pop-pop idling of a Harley-Davidson. I ran headlong toward the sound. I jumped on the bike from behind like a stunt man in a 1950’s cowboy flick. While in the air I sent Sanguinis back to Aidan.
I took off as iron javelins pierced the dirt all around me. As soon as I twisted the throttle, Harley’s headlights flipped on. Within thirty seconds and a few intersections, I had gained hundreds of yards on the Redcaps. I stopped about two hundred yards from the last intersection and called Sanguinis back to me. She was fully loaded. I got off my bike and got into the kneeling position. I switched to a box mag. As I waited for the angry elves, I sucked down the Gatorade as fast as I could. The added corn sweetener in the sports drink should have made it undrinkable; it was nectar. I couldn’t hear the elves over the rumble of Harley behind me. I wasn’t about to turn her off. I might need another quick getaway.
I fired as soon as I saw a Redcap enter the intersection. His head ruptured in a spray of bone, blood, and tissue. I had been aiming for his chest. My distance estimate was off; it wasn’t two hundred yards. The Redcaps charged. They were tired. Some of them had leg wounds. They had a longer distance to run, and they had charged me before, so I was more prepared. I used Kentucky windage to aim for their chests. I didn’t fumble my magazine change this time and the last one died twenty feet from me.
I was congratulating myself for a job well done when I felt a tug at my right shoulder. I looked down and saw three inches of a silver grey spearhead coming out of me. I felt surprisingly little pain. My arm went numb and Sanguinis slipped from my hand. I stood unmoving trying to get a grip on what just happened. I watched the spear head retract and then disappear as it was pulled out of my body.
I turned to face my attacker. He struck my left arm with the shaft. I felt the bone snap; this really hurt. I had let the Redcaps ambush me from behind, two times in a row.
This elf was a couple inches taller and more muscular than the others. The others had worn and carried black iron gear. He was wearing a breastplate the same color as his spear. It looked like they were made out of titanium. Instead of killing me like I expected, he stepped back. “Paladin, my name is Raeleus. Surrender your gifts and I will give you a quick and painless death.”
Raeleus looked pleased. He had the right to be. He had played me perfectly. I had better things to do than talk to the villain in the middle of a fight. This wasn’t a movie and my name wasn’t Bond. I kicked out at his right knee. He blocked with his spear. There was a flash of light each time his spear made contact with my boot. From the damage done to my left arm, I had expected my feet to hurt. They were fine. I stayed too close for him to stab me with his spear. I forced him to defend himself like he was using a quarterstaff.
I made no attempt to protect myself. I kicked again and again. If I gave him time to attack, I was dead. I had no way to defend my upper body. In the midst of my attack Raeleus never lost his smile. I was holding losing cards. In the long run, your legs are slower and take more energy to fight with than your arms. Sooner or later, I was going to get tired.
The best fighter in the world doesn’t fear the second best. Experienced fighters play the percentages. They don’t take stupid chances and are therefore easier to anticipate. The inexperienced are almost impossible to predict; they don’t know enough to make the smart choice.
I’d never done a jump kick before in a real fight; it’s an idiot’s move. It was a day for firsts. I had never been in a storm drain, ridden a classic Harley, or killed fucking fairies before, either. It’s a stupid move to jump in the air when it counts, but if I played it smart, I had no chance at all. I pretended to be a smidgeon more tired than I actually was, and as I anticipated when I finally stopped kicking at his legs, he sent his spear toward my chest. I saw it coming and jumped in the air face down, parallel above his spear, my head pointed toward him, my feet pointing away. When he realized I had jumped above his spear, he pulled back for another thrust. As he did, I tucked, converting my leap into a forward summersault and blindly kicked in the direction of his face.
It felt like I had kicked a watermelon. A moment later, I landed flat on my back. The pain in my right shoulder and left upper arm was agonizing. Molten lead being poured over me couldn’t have been worse. I howled in pain. I was still screaming when I lifted my head to look for Raeleus. He was lying still on the ground. The watermelon I had kicked had been his face. The front half of his skull was completely crushed.
I realized as I was losing consciousness, the compulsion—my overwhelming need to be here—was gone. Joey was giving me a hint; the fae were all dead.
I woke up because something furry with sharp teeth was gnawing at my neck at the junction of my helmet and jacket collar. I turned my head and crushed the rat between my helmet and shoulder. A swarm of rats had blanketed me while I was out. As I got up, I felt an explosion of pain in my right shoulder and left arm. 
It hurt too much to try to brush them off with my arms. I whipped my head from side to side to keep the rats from my neck. I ran to the side of tunnel and slammed my body against the curved walls. The agony of the impact against my shoulder and arm made me stagger. I didn’t care. I wanted the fucking rats off of me. Again, I threw myself against the wall; each time, I screamed. The tears streaming from my eyes almost blinded me but I got the rats off.
Every rodent from miles around must have come for a meal. I walked slowly through them. I was lucky I hadn’t stepped on one and lost my balance while knocking them off me. Once I got past the dead Redcaps, the number of rats had dropped to nothing. The glow from my own blood gave enough light to see.
I couldn’t move my right arm, trying to move my left was unadulterated misery. Blood kept pouring from my neck where the rat had been gnawing me. I was getting light headed. Wall climbing was cool but I could see why most paladins picked the healing spell instead. I needed help.

Chapter 9: Who Do You Trust
I made a note to myself. Next time I go underground to take out Redcaps, Wear a Goddamn Headset! I had put my cell phone into my right jacket pocket. My right arm was useless from the shoulder down. It hurt like HELL to move my left hand but I could do it. It hurt too much to try to flex my left elbow.
I tried to use my fingers to pull my hand up to my pocket. My leathers were too slick; I couldn’t get a good enough hold. Shit! I had to lie down.
My backpack made it impossible to lie completely flat, but I was still able to use my fingers to pull my hand across my body. The zipper sucked but by this time I was almost used to the pain. If I hadn’t known God existed, I would have thanked him for having Aidan work on my phone. As it was, I wasn’t going to give the son-of-a-bitch the satisfaction. I set my phone on speaker mode and pushed #9.
My favorite leprechaun picked up on the first ring, “Victor! How are you?”
“I need to be picked up. I’m at…” I tried to get to my GPS app. My fingers were stiff and I dropped the phone. “Damn it!”
“It’s okay. I’m tracking your phone. I know your coordinates; you are still below ground? Are you hurt?”
I struggled to keep my voice level, “Yeah to both.”
I could hear Aidan’s grin, “To be sure, Victor, you are not much of a conversationalist. Do you need reloads? How many Redcaps are left?”
“None, I got them all.” I could hear rats coming toward me. I couldn’t help it; I let out a groan as I sat up.
He fell silent for a moment. His voice was somber when he asked, “How badly are you hurt?”
“Pretty bad, Aidan, there are rats down here. I’m bad enough I’m not sure I can hold them off.”
I heard him screaming for Tim Hardy. Tim got on the phone, “Mr. Paladin, Master Aidan’s on his way. You said something about rats?”
“Yeah.”
Suddenly loud yipping and barking noises came from my phone. “That’s the sound of a terrier. Rats are usually more afraid of them than cats.”
I listened carefully. Tim was right. I could hear the rats going the other way. It felt like heaven to lie back down. “It’s working.”
He giggled with excitement. “I knew it would! Mr. Paladin, how many Redcaps did you kill?”
Even while saving my life Tim was annoying. When I didn’t answer, he kept on babbling…
I don’t remember passing out. I woke up to intense pain; someone was getting nowhere trying to tug my helmet off. The motion wasn’t doing good things to my neck, shoulder, and upper arm.
“Young man, change back to your regular clothes so we can bind up your wounds.”
It took a while to focus but when I did, I saw two elderly nuns crouched over me. I dimly heard, “Victor Paladin, did you hear me?”
I followed her voice and looked straight up. There was a third elderly nun at my head. She was the one trying to pull my helmet off. My armor was designed to be put on and off by magic. It appeared it couldn’t be taken off any other way.
I mouthed, “Azam-shay.”
My head and upper back dropped as my helmet and backpack disappeared. I heard the nun say, “Shit, piss, and corruption!” The nun cursing for some reason hit my funny-bone. I would have started laughing if hitting the ground hadn’t hurt so much. I felt a slow trickle of liquid warmth spread down from my neck. The wound in my neck had reopened.
Once I was back in the same t-shirt and jeans I had been wearing before I armored up, the nuns began cutting my shirt off to get to my wounds. I felt a needle enter my arm. It must have been morphine because shortly after the pain wasn’t as bad. I didn’t feel the urge to scream when they started cleaning and bandaging my neck and right shoulder. I was vaguely aware of a splint being applied to my left arm.
I then noticed Aidan standing a few feet behind one of the nuns. He looked grim.
My throat felt like it was stuffed with cotton, my mouth was so dry I could barely whisper, “Aidan, why aren’t you using magic to heal me?”
The nun working on my neck interrupted him before he had a chance to reply. She sounded pissed, “We tried to. You resisted every effort we made.”
Even with the morphine in my system, I wasn’t Mr. Happy. The penguin’s negative attitude wasn’t helping. I didn’t bother trying to hide the irritation in my voice, “I was unconscious. How could I resist?”
Her voice became louder, “You young idi…”
“Sister!” Aidan broke in like he was trying to put out a fire. “Sister Catherine, Victor really doesn’t know the answer to that question. He isn’t trying to be difficult.
“Victor, you almost killed the sisters when they tried to heal you. Your unconscious defenses are uncommonly strong. You really don’t like having your soul touched.”
I took a deep breath. I felt too shitty to lose my temper. “Alright, I was unconscious then, I give you permission now. You can heal me.”
Aidan gave the weak smile of a doctor bringing bad news. “Unfortunately, you can’t just decide a thing like that, Victor. We don’t have the power to heal you against your will. To be healed by us, you have to trust us. Trust isn’t something you can choose to give. You either trust or you don’t. While you were unconscious, we learned that you do not have faith in anyone but yourself.”
I couldn’t argue with the truth. My anger left and was replaced with fatigue. “What happens next?”
He gave up on the fake smile. His voice was grim. “Tim’s on his way over with a doctor. You have lost a lot of blood so it’s not safe to move you.”
“That doesn’t sound good.”
“It’s not good. Victor, what happened to your right shoulder? A blade penetrated three millimeters of Enhanced Mithril strike plate like it was Styrofoam. It had to be a named weapon with a spell of sharpness.”
A thought dawned on me. “Why can’t I throw a healing spell on myself?”
The pushy nun butted in again. “Don’t be silly. Your soul is down to almost nothing. Anything but the most minor of spells would destroy you.”
“Sister Catherine is right, Victor. You’ve already cast two major spells today and you have lost a lot of blood. Blood sacrifices are powerful because of the connection life fluids have with your soul. You’ve lost too much blood.”
“I’ve no regrets about ditching the shield, but I would have been better off with the usual healing spell.”
He gave me a wry smile, “I was not going say ‘I told you so’, but since you have brought it up…” He shrugged. He didn’t look happy to be proved right.
My blood loss was probably all from my neck. By instinct or luck, the rat must have been gnawing at my jugular vein. I’ve studied the human body and I’ve worked in hospitals to get fake IDs. The patient files I’ve been interested in are those of young men who die from trauma. Those who aren’t killed right away usually die of blood loss related circulatory shock. The physical signs of circulatory shock are rapid heart rate and rapid breathing. I had both. My eyes wouldn’t focus, my skin was cold and clammy, and my mouth was dry. The average male body holds six quarts of blood. It’s a commentary on my life but I’m no stranger to massive blood loss. From my physical symptoms and the blood flow I remembered coming from my neck, I estimated I had lost at least two quarts of blood. I could feel my body going into circulatory collapse.
My blood type is O negative, which means I can donate blood to anyone but I can only get blood from my own exact type. Only one out of twenty blood donors have the kind I need. Only hospitals have the equipment and expertise to store blood. Multiple blood types are required and blood needs to be kept at precise temperatures.
Aidan said the doctor was coming with more supplies. Unless they had a way of magically making O negative blood, this probably meant he was bringing saline. Even if the doctor arrived in the next few minutes, unless he had at least four pints of O negative blood, I was still up shit’s creek.
I looked at their faces; all three of the penguin brigade and Aidan. Their expressions told me they thought I was going to die. For most of my adult life, dangerous men have wanted to kill me. I had just taken out twenty-six Redcaps by myself. The irony that a rodent would end up doing the job made me guffaw. Shit! That hurt. In between short rapid breaths, I whispered, “Aidan, the guy who stabbed me had a titanium spear. He called himself Raeleus.”
“A Thiarna Dhia!”5 The leprechaun was so excited he skipped his Irish accent and went straight to Elvish or Gaelic or something. His entire body shook with excitement. “Did he have a Mithril back-and-breastplate too?”
I was starting to fade. “His breastplate looked like the spear.”
Aidan went perfectly still. “After you killed him, did his spear and breastplate disappear?”
I couldn’t see where he was going with these questions. I was too tired to care why. “After he was dead, I didn’t pay much attention to his gear…I think I saw a breastplate on his body. I have no idea what happened to the spear. It’s probably there by his body. I’m not sure.”
Aidan literally started jumping with excitement. “Where is his body?”
“Back down there, to the right”. He left without another word. It was just me and the nuns. Jehovah was an ass, but he had a sense of humor. The first and last memories I would ever have was being surrounded by grumpy penguins. I really wasn’t looking forward to being an angel. I could tell the nuns were as clueless as I was about why Aidan was excited. They were finished bandaging my wounds and were now praying over me. The drone of their voices was as good as any lullaby…
“Victor! Victor!” I woke up and immediately wished I hadn’t. The morphine was no longer holding the pain at bay. I couldn’t keep air in my lungs. The nuns had backed off and Aidan was at my side holding my paralyzed right arm. While I was unconscious, he had drawn a spear and a motorcycle jacket on my inner forearm. “You have to stand.”
He and the nuns lifted me up into a sitting position and then helped me stand. I could feel what little blood I had rush from my head. If they hadn’t been holding on to me, I would have collapsed. I tried to slow my breathing and got my bearings. If I had been able to move my arms, I would have pushed Aidan and the nuns off of me. If I was going die, I would end it standing on my own. They got the hint and backed off. My expression dared Sister Irritable to say something. She looked like she wanted to take a ruler to my knuckles but she didn’t say a word.
Aidan was insistent, “Victor, look at the pictures I’ve drawn on your forearm.” I did, expecting three dimensional images to appear in the air. I just saw hand drawn pictures on my skin. With a tone of regret, Aidan said, “I had to jury-rig everything. I only had time to modify the breastplate. Please hold those pictures in your mind and say, Obex.”
“Obex!” For the second time today, blue flames engulfed my body. Raeleus’ spear appeared in my hand and immediately dropped to the ground. I was back to wearing a motorcycle jacket. I got lightheaded again. Immediately Aidan grabbed me and said in my ear, “Now lad, say salveo.”
“Salveo.” It started with a feeling of warmth at my wounds. The heat spread throughout my body and then reached my skin. For a few seconds, my body lit up like a light bulb. I felt like I did after my anti-scrying spell—totally hammered. My knees buckled and I grabbed onto Aidan. I realized I could move my arms; there was no pain.
The leprechaun kept me from falling. His voice was gentle. “You can rest, warrior. You are going to live.”

Chapter 10: True Love and Jehovah
I was so FUCKING tired of passing out. When I woke, I was in a small room on an overstuffed recliner. Someone had put a new t-shirt on me. I was still wearing the jeans I had put on this morning. I had an IV in my arm. They must have been feeding me through the IV because I didn’t feel like shit. I had to pee in the worst possible way. The problem with getting liquid nutrition is the fluids have to go somewhere.
I pulled the IV out carefully and put pressure on the puncture. Aidan and the penguins had left my pants on so my ass wasn’t hanging out. I was good to go. When I opened the door, I recognized where I was; the lower level at Rare Change and Medallions. A couple doors down I found a single seat rest room. There’s no pleasure like the sensation of letting go when you’ve been holding it too long.
Sometimes I’m amazed at how much my bladder can hold. I was on the verge of being bored waiting for it to completely drain. I heard Tim’s voice, “Oh my God, Mr. Paladin has disappeared!” I could hear him rushing from room to room, looking for me like we were playing hide and seek. I hurried up, finished, washed my hands, and opened the door just as Tim was running by. “Tim, I was in the bathroom.”
I try not to make the same mistake twice. When he lunged to hug me, I sidestepped and he missed. Tim wasn’t good at reading social cues. I could see he was going to try to hug me again. I put my hand out like a defensive spear pointed at his gut. I could see the neurons connecting in his head, ‘Oh, Mr. Paladin doesn’t like to hug; he’d rather shake.’ So he grabbed my hand with his both of his and started pumping it up and down. “Congratulations, Mr. Paladin. Oh my gosh! Destroying an infestation of twenty-six minions and retrieving Obex is absolutely amazing!”
That reminded me, “What happened to my mount, Harley?”
He kept shaking my hand. “Paladin mounts disappear as soon as they’re not needed. I don’t know where they go; Master Cahill might.”
I firmly yanked my hand away. “Where is he, anyway?”
“He’s busy linking your new jacket to the rest of your gear. What he’s doing is delicate, so he asked to be left alone. I’ve been in the room with you for hours. I just left to grab a sandwich.”
When Tim mentioned food, I realized how hungry I was. “Where did you get the sandwich?”
He blinked at the change of subject. “There’s a deli just down the block.”
I motioned to him to follow me out of the basement. “Show me where it is. I’m hungry too.”
The deli was just down the block, easy walking distance. Since Tim had already eaten, I told him I could go by myself but he wouldn’t hear of it. He wanted to help. As I walked, he was like a little dog, running around me and nipping at my feet. At the deli, I ordered five roast beef foot-long sandwiches with all the fixings and one large drink to go.
Tim desperately wanted to help. To get him off my back, I let him carry my drink and the bag holding four sandwiches. I kept the fifth to eat as we walked back to the shop. We went downstairs into the tiny kitchen.
“Tim, sit down.” I gestured at the table in the room. After he sat, I pulled a chair across from him. “Explain how I got healed and what the deal is with Obex.”
“Oh, that’s easy.” Tim looked pleased. He liked to teach. “Since time eternal, the gods having been playing the Great Game. The goal is to amass the most power and to gather the most souls. A small part of the Game is called ‘Mythic Hero’. A god sends a hero across dimensions to kill a monster, take its treasure, and then bring it home. The Jack and the Beanstalk fairytale really happened. A human boy was sent to a different dimension and killed a giant and brought back his treasure. The definitions of hero and monster depend on where you stand. From the Jotunn’s or Redcap’s point of view, a human paladin is the monster and he’s the mythic hero. Every time a hero comes back with treasure, one god wins power and the other loses. The reason why every human culture has legends of mythic heroes is because human beings have been sent on mythic quests ever since we were created.”
Tim wasn’t much of a give-and-take conversationalist. He was okay with being the only one talking. As long as I nodded my head every once in a while, he was good. I was on my third sandwich and happy to keep on eating while he talked.
“Mr. Paladin, you’re extremely unusual. Most paladins start training with a sword and shield very young, almost as soon as they can walk. Two hundred years ago a paladin named Roland Fare armed himself with a spear and a back-and-breastplate rather than the usual sword and shield. He was killed within hours of becoming a paladin. This isn’t unusual. Paladins are rare. When one dies, it takes months, if not years to find a replacement. When a new paladin is found, there are almost always a lot of minions that have to be dealt with immediately. Thirty percent of paladins die within days of taking their positions. However, most of those who are killed are able to send their gifts back to safety. After David killed Goliath, there’s no mention of him coming back with treasure. When Paladin Fare lost his gifts, his weapon choice was blamed. No one has asked for a spear and breastplate since.”
I was biting down on my sandwich when I thought of a question. I put my hand up to grab Tim’s attention. He watched attentively while I took a second to swallow and take a swig of soda. “What don’t the other paladins like about Roland’s combo?”
Tim stood up and pretended he was wearing armor. He pointed to his chest. “When Jehovah’s will is made manifest as a back-and-breastplate, it is impenetrable and impervious to anything, but it has limits. The advantage of a back-and-breastplate is that it provides constant protection to your vital organs. The disadvantage is that you can’t move it to protect your limbs or your head.” He now pretended to be holding a shield. “A shield at any one time provides less protection than a back-and-breastplate; it can only protect what’s behind it, but it can be moved to protect any part of your body, and it can also be used as a weapon. You can strike your enemy with the face or edge of the shield. The sight of potbellied, twiggy-limbed Tim pretending to be a knight raising a shield brought a smile on my face.
“To claim a god’s gifts by right of conquest, the previous holder must surrender the gifts or be killed so suddenly that he doesn’t have a chance to send the gifts away. You’re the first paladin in at least five hundred years to reclaim lost gifts. It was very fortunate Paladin Fare had the healing spell on his breastplate and the Redcap you killed hadn’t used the spell recently. The healing spell needs a week to recharge.”
It dawned on me I had done something impressive. I now had four of Jehovah’s gifts. Aidan had already modified the breastplate to integrate with the rest of my armor. It was interesting how weapons were named but armor wasn’t. I still preferred Sanguinis, but I could see the advantage of being able to call Obex if I ever ran out of ammo. “Tim, when I call my gear now, will my same phrase work? Oh, how do I choose between Sanguinis and Obex?”
Tim scratched his head, “To tell you the truth, I don’t know. I think that’s what Master Cahill is working on now. Normally, as his apprentice, I’d be helping him but he knew you’d have questions.” He broke out in a huge grin. “If anyone had ever told me I’d give up a chance to work on reclaimed gifts to answer basic Magic-101 questions, well, I’d have said it was crazy talk. But I have to tell you, it’s a pleasure helping you.”
I carefully studied his earnest face. The guy had a serious case of hero worship. I wasn’t sure if it made him more or less annoying. I reached for a sandwich that wasn’t there. I had eaten them all and actually felt full. I was also really tired. Involuntarily, I let loose a huge yawn.
Tim fretfully said, “Oh you must be exhausted. Look at the time; it’s close to 10 p.m. You should go home to your true love.”
In my calorie induced stupor it took a second for his words to penetrate. When I lose my temper, I don’t get hot. I get cold. “Tim, you just said ‘true love.’ Why would you say that?”
Even clueless Tim heard the ice in my voice. “Uh, well, you’re staying at the old paladin’s home, and he has two beautiful daughters. Most paladins marry amongst themselves—a relative of another paladin. All Jehovah’s Heroes have one true love.” He gave a sheepish grin. “It’s one of the perks of being a mythic hero. I just figured…”
I can handle prison. I’ve been there before. I will take being a slave until I have a chance to rebel. I WILL NOT TOLERATE someone fucking with my mind or emotions. The shit that was going on with Mina now made sense. It wasn’t real attraction; it was a spell. I glared at Tim until he started to cringe. He didn’t know enough. I needed Aidan. “Where’s Aidan?”
Tim stuttered, “In-in-in his work room, next to his office.”
When I left the kitchen, Tim wisely didn’t follow me. I checked the door to work room. It was locked. When I banged on it, the door felt and sounded like I was striking a solid block of granite. “AIDAN, Open up! I need to talk to you!” There was no response. I considered a spell, and then reconsidered. Sister Irritable had said that if I cast another spell, it would kill me. I wondered if being healed changed those odds. There was another way, “Obex.” The spear appeared in my right hand. It had the spell of permanent sharpness, and it had sliced through my armor like it was butter. It should do the same to this door. I pulled back, aiming the spear at the lock.
Someone grabbed Obex’s shaft from behind. I turned and saw it was B. I was moving to wrench my spear from his grasp when he caught my gaze. For the first time since I’d met him, he wasn’t laughing at a secret joke. Through senses I didn’t know I had, I could feel immense power emanating from him. The armor of my anger was no defense; I felt like I was staring into the fires of Hell. There was deadly intent in his eyes; if I didn’t back down, I would pay. I admitted to myself I was intimidated.
“Victor,” his voice was cold, “any insult you may feel was unintentional. Before you do something you can’t take back, learn the facts.” Making the wise choice—retreating when I’m not in a position of strength—doesn’t come easily to me. I stared back. If there had been any amusement, any hint he was laughing at me, I would have tried to take him. They say eyes are the windows of the soul. His windows revealed nothing but an endless, empty abyss.
I took a deep breath. I know I make errors when I’m angry. I decided I’d make the wise choice today. “Obex.” With my spear gone, we were standing too close for comfort.
B cocked his head to the stairs leading up to the street, “There’s a good microbrewery a couple minutes drive from here. Let’s take your truck. It looks like you could use a good drink.”
Neither one of us said a word until we were in my truck and I was headed west. B spoke first, “Victor, the Earth is only six thousand years old. Evolution is a hoax.” I wasn’t in the mood for a lecture so I didn’t respond. The silence that followed had a physical weight. The brew pub was just four blocks west on Broadway. The couple minutes I spent driving there seemed endless, but it gave me a chance to get my temper under control.
There was parking in a lot nearby. We walked into the busy bar/restaurant. The hostess that greeted us was young and attractive. At another time, I would have been amused by how she kept sneaking stunned glances at B and me. I still wasn’t used to being gorgeous. It wasn’t until we were sitting down and I had a Nitro Cream Ale in my hand that I spoke to B, “You want to explain the hoax?”
B took a slow lingering draft of his beer, and set it down firmly on the table. As he leaned toward me, his eyes were like flint, his mouth turned up into the open mouthed snarl of a predator. “Since charm clearly doesn’t work on you, I’ll try the truth. It burns my ass I’m forced to watch over some pissant paladin prima donna. I can’t believe I had to stop you from throwing a temper tantrum! You need to pull up your panties, put on your big girl skirt, and GROW UP, princess! You have a problem; bring it up with the guy in charge. Take the time to learn how the system works before you beat down a Brotherhood apprentice and a Brotherhood armorer.”
I watched him as he spoke; somehow I knew he was really disgusted and that this wasn’t an act. He had a point. I nodded my head. If that wasn’t enough—fuck him.
B stared back. I tensed, ready to call my gear when he relaxed and sat back, laughing. “Victor, you’ve found my weakness. I can’t resist dumb insolence. I can squish you like a bug, and there you sit, all mean and feisty. You’re so adorable; I can’t stay mad at you.” He grabbed his glass and emptied it with one long swallow. When he set it down, he wiped his mouth with the back of his hand, grinning like a shark. This was the B I knew and desperately wanted to kill. “You ready to learn how the system works?”
I just nodded again.
He waved a waitress over and ordered another beer. He watched her ass as she walked away and then turned his attention back to me. “History is boring but you need the background.” He settled back in his chair. “In the beginning God created the heavens and the earth”6 and for a time, He was just another god in the Multiverse. In fact, He was weaker than most—too weak to prevent refugee pantheons from invading our Universe. It’s a god-eat-god Multiverse. No shit, defeated deities are constantly fleeing from one dimension to another. If you’re going to flee, you might as well head for a dimension where the local god is weak. Earth was covered with pantheons that didn’t have the mojo to make it anywhere else. Two thousand and twenty-three years after the creation, Yahweh was making His last stand in the Middle East. The angelic hosts were so depleted He had to roam His own territory to find enough souls to live. Remember what I said about Abraham over our first dinner? Yahweh, back in the day, used to take blood sacrifices like all the other gods. Gods get their sustenance from the life energy from the souls of human or human-like beings.
“Vic, things weren’t looking good for Our Holy Dude.” B paused for dramatic effect. “Then He found a seventy-five year old guy named Abram who had just been exiled from his tribe. He was about to feed on the guy, and his small immediate family, when He had a brilliant idea. Before then, Yahweh had been a hunter-gatherer kind of god feeding off wild, free range souls. He decided instead to cultivate Abram and his family like a shepherd does sheep. Yahweh entered a symbiotic relationship with Abram and his descendants. Abram became THE Abraham, the father of the Jews and eventually, the Christians and Muslims. Yahweh got a new name: Jehovah, although he still answers to both.
B was a natural story teller. Even though I wanted to put a bullet between his eyes, I was intrigued by his history lesson. He continued, “Most gods are spoiled brats without a hint of impulse control. Jehovah had to be calm and methodical; He didn’t have enough souls to waste. He fed sparingly—taking only what he needed to survive, way less than other gods. He hid and protected Abraham’s descendants from the whims and hunger of all other gods. In return, they worshiped Him and gave Him willing tribute. All blood or death sacrifices have power; willing death sacrifices have ten times the power of unwilling. The relationship between Jehovah and the Jews became a self-reinforcing loop. The more He protected His people, the larger their numbers became and the more likely they were to give willing sacrifices.”
We were interrupted when the waitress came back with B’s drink. He took it and leered at her so openly she fled. “I don’t have it, but I can fake it.” He took the time to chuckle, savoring his own joke along with his beer while I waited impatiently.
He took a small sip of his brew. “Things were stable until the descendants of Abraham grew numerous enough to attract the notice of the strongest pantheon of the time, the Egyptian Gods. The Egyptians pulled the usual crap and tried religious conversion by conquest. Yahweh at this time was one moderately strong god trying to fend off an entire pantheon of very strong gods.” B gave a mocking laugh. “He hid like a scared little girl.
“There’s no need for faith when a god is right in your face. Yahweh hid for so long an entire generation of Jews grew up never seeing him personally. It helped enormously that the Egyptian Gods were the usual spoiled pricks. Yahweh looked great in comparison, and in His case, absence made Him look even better. He discovered unforced faith produced almost as much power as unwilling sacrifice. By pure happenstance, He got a continuous stream of power from his worshipers without killing any of them.
“He eventually amassed enough power to free His people from Egypt. Other pantheons saw what He had done and tried to copy Him. They couldn’t; none of them had His discipline.” B chuckled, “Also, He didn’t have to worry about stupid relatives. Pantheons only had to have one idiot who couldn’t control himself to ruin it for everyone.
“For the most part since then, Jehovah has been staying undercover. The less He does, the easier it gets.” He smirked, “Being a scared little girl works for Him. Who knew if you left humans alone, they’d develop technology and multiply like bunnies? The average world controlled by a pantheon has a population between fifty to one hundred million. Currently on Earth, there are seven billion people and a good percentage of them are Jews, Christians, and Muslims. Jehovah’s kicking ass. He doesn’t have to invade other dimensions for more souls. He has the equivalent of seventy decent sized Universes just on Earth.
“Makes you want to just bow down and worship, huh?” B burst into giggles; he was killing himself with his own comedic genius. When I’d talked to B yesterday, I thought he was funny. After today, a little bit of him went a long way. If I had been the kind to roll my eyes, I would have.
“The downside of all this is He needs to have a huge bureaucracy to maintain the illusion He might not exist, while also protecting humans from everything that wants to munch on them. To other deities, this world is El Dorado, the City of Gold. The most competent angels are assigned to defense. The incompetent ones get assigned to illusions, and like idiots anywhere, they’re constantly screwing up.
“For example, the fake fossil history was perfect until some idiot accidentally put feathers on a Velociraptor’s remains, and then every gullible, head-up-his-butt paleontologist decided dinosaurs had feathers. Can you imagine the waste of resources to go back and modify every single theropod remains so they looked like birds?” B shook his head in disgust.
“So in a nutshell, it all happened by accident, but Jehovah’s the best god for humans in all of the Multiverse. He’s the most powerful being around, but He’s not omnipotent, and he certainly isn’t omniscient. Our Universe is run by a huge bureaucracy made up of multiple billions of angels. The further they are from combat, the more incompetent they’re likely to be.”
The idea of Jehovah actively hiding from humanity seemed ridiculous. “B, explain to me again why God is trying to make people not believe in him?”
B snorted, “Yeah, I know it sounds strange, but unforced faith is a really good source of power for a god. It’s a hell of a lot better way to run a world than running around eating your worshipers. Humans do best when they think they’re in charge. Look at any culture that is dominated by its priests. It doesn’t do well. It’s a lot worse when it’s a god or gods doing the dominating. Creating the illusion that humans are in control of their own fate is just good animal husbandry.
“Give you an example, the Grand Canyon was originally created in Noah’s Flood. The rapid flood waters dug a huge ditch into the soft sandstone. Once Jehovah had enough power to invest on illusions, a bunch of low level angels were sent to the Canyon to pretty up the colors and artificially age the ditch. They made the canyon look like it was created by erosion over a time span of five to six million years. For once, the numbnuts on the illusion crew didn’t mess up. You have to admit that it’s hilarious that the ‘idiot, irrational Bible thumpers’ are right about almost everything, while the ‘know-it-all scientists’ are the oblivious victims of a con run by incompetents. But regardless of who is wrong or right, it’s better for human societies when there are enough know-it-alls to balance out the fundamentalists.”
B was right. The situation was hilarious. This time when he burst out laughing, I joined him. He finished the dregs of his beer. “Vic, my man, what happened to you was the typical FUBAR that comes from depending on REMFs. No one cast a spell on you to fall in love with Mina. You were designed from birth to be together. If you hadn’t been lost to the system for so long, you’d already know this info.” B made a ‘what can you do’ gesture with his hands, and then leaned forward. “Here’s the biggest kicker to this story. I’m not sure if He’s starting to believe His own press releases or if feeding on the belief of billions over the last four thousand years has changed Him, but Jehovah is now almost as much of a prissy ass, goody two-shoes as His worshipers believe. He’s so good, He doesn’t mind when an archangel talks crap about Him. He’s so good, there’s a constant stream of defectors from other Universes trying to join Him.
“Jehovah doesn’t do conquest. There is no need; all He has to do is watch His worshipers multiply. This means, on any given day, there are thousands of minions landing on Earth. There’s a constant need for Holy Warriors, human and angel. God love ya Vic, you may hate being drafted—and I don’t blame you one bit since I’m in the same boat—but I’m telling you, and you can trust me on this, He’s the best of a bad lot.”
B finished his spiel with the hearty smile of politician who only has your best interests at heart. It dawned on me that he liked playing the buffoon. My gut told me he had flubbed some of his jokes on purpose. It made it easier to underestimate him. It’s hard to be frightened of an incompetent class clown. He lounged back in his chair waiting for my questions.
I had a thousand things I wanted to know. I bought B’s explanation for what I felt for Mina. For once, I was told something that fit my worldview. Emotions are the end product of a mix of chemicals in your brain. Beauty is a marker for good genes and pheromones have way more power than most people realize. I also bought his explanation that my feelings for Mina were no one’s fault; I could live with that. I had already spent too much time and thought on her. I decided I wanted to learn more about the hosts of heaven. “Aidan told me at one time Angels and humans interbred. You’ve said angels don’t have the equipment. What’s up?”
For a split second, I saw an honest emotion on B’s face—intense longing; it disappeared into his politician’s smile. “We’re allowed to say anything we want about the Man. In fact, we’re encouraged to say stuff, make things up, even to insult Him. It helps support the illusion He might not exist. Any truth about God is lost in all the misinformation. The actual details of how heaven works, especially details about angels, are a different story. You don’t have the clearance to know what exactly happened. All I can say is Jehovah is a prude. Come on, man! He had an opportunity to make a baby and he used artificial insemination! It took Him close to four thousand years to get enough power, but when He did, things changed for angels.”
B shrugged to show he was helpless to satisfy my curiosity. I nodded back, “So getting the story on the angels that rebelled is out of the question?”
He flashed a grin. “You got it, bro.”
I kept prodding. “Your original name wouldn’t have been something famous, say Beelzebub?”
B burst out with involuntary laughter. It was a good thing he hadn’t been drinking at the time; I would have been sprayed. With a grin, he made the three finger Boy Scout salute. “I can neither confirm nor deny.”
He then looked at me seriously. “Dude, trust me, nothing good can come from these kinds of questions. Certain words and names are flagged; using any of the names of the ex-Princes of Hell are like waving big red ones. Right now one of Metatron’s boys is listening to us. Think of the NSA and eavesdropping programs on steroids.” He paused and looked me in the eyes to emphasize his point. “You need to drop this.”
B’s reaction told me what I needed to know. Hell no longer existed. He may or may not have been Beelzebub, but I’d bet a lot of money he had been one of the angels who had rebelled. To get out of Joey’s grasp I needed to leave this Universe. If Aidan could defect to Earth, there had to be a way to defect the other way. Another Universe filled with weak competing gods had possibilities. I needed time to do more research. I had never previously had much interest in dead religions, but I distinctly recalled in most of these religions, it was possible for a human to become a god. The idea of being a servant for eternity sucked; being eaten by a god was worse. The only way out for me was becoming a god myself.
I was certain the story B had told was mostly true. Like me, angels couldn’t tell a lie. I was equally sure his story was misleading. I needed time to figure out the real truth. I had to play along for a while. “Okay, I get it. Let’s go back to the Jotunn. Is it still dangerous for me to go outside at night?”
B made a ‘who cares’ face. “Not so much. Your anti-scrying spell prevents them from learning your exact location. They know you’re in the City, but not much else. They’ll have to track you down by non-magical means. By the rules of the Great Game, I’m not allowed to help you fight them off. I can’t even tell you how many of them are here. You’re better off talking to the Oath Brotherhood; they’re allowed to help you as best they can…”
An inebriated voice behind me became too loud to ignore. “Are you two fags? You guys are so pretty, you have to be fruits!” B was facing the voice; I turned and saw a guy who was convinced he was Bad. He was in his late thirties, with the large frame of an ex-football player, and at least forty pounds over his prime weight. There were six men and two women at his table, all of them in Hells Angels inspired denim and leathers. A couple of the guys had prison tats. We were in an upscale yuppie bar/restaurant. They didn’t fit. The other patrons around us were desperately trying to pretend they were somewhere else.
B grinned and blew the guy a kiss. “Why, you want some of this?”
The idiot lunged for B. I could have tripped him, preventing him from reaching my annoying guardian angel, but I didn’t; I was curious how B would play this. I didn’t see B move but somehow the biker missed him, landing on the floor on his hands and knees. B reached over and patted the drunk’s head like he was soothing a dog. He asked, “Are you alright, boy?”
With a roar, the biker swung at B from the ground. This time I caught what B did; he moved so quickly—out of the way and then back into position—it almost looked like the guy’s fist passed through B’s body.
“HEY!” The hostess screamed, “I’ve called the police. You need to leave NOW!”
The biker slowly stood up. He pointed to each of us, and then with a threatening glare said, “This isn’t over.” He jerked his head at his friends and they all walked out of the restaurant together. By the nonchalant way they were handling this, it was clear they’d been kicked out of bars before. B and I had remained sitting the entire time. The hostess walked over to us and said regretfully, “I’m going to have to ask you both to leave, too.”
From a nearby table, an older man spoke up, “Miss, my wife and I have been here the whole time. These two men did nothing to provoke those hoodlums.” A woman from another table chimed in. “He’s right. The bikers started the fight.”
The hostess smiled shyly at us and said. “Okay then, I did call the police. I guess when they get here, you can give them a statement.”
B beamed like an innocent cherub. “Absolutely sweetheart, in the meantime can we have our check?” When the hostess left happily to do his bidding, he turned back to me. “Vic, did you notice those yahoos were human?”
I thought back. “Yeah, I did.”
“As a paladin, you’ll be able to sense who’s human and who isn’t. You should also be able to get a good idea how powerful they are, pretty damn quick. For the most part, unless someone has more ju-ju than you, they won’t be able to hide who they really are. Now, try looking at me.”
I focused on B. He looked human—a fucking annoying human—but still human. I felt a flash of power come and go. “Notice what I did?”
I nodded. Our waitress then came with the check. B held out a hundred. As the girl reached for it, he gave her a lecherous grin and held onto the bill. “The change is for you, beautiful.” She mumbled her thanks, and unable to look him in the eye, snatched the money and fled again. He turned back to me as if we hadn’t been interrupted, “You felt me move a drop of beer in your glass. It’s a good idea not to get too cocky about your new senses. Remember, you won’t come across things that can hide from you often, but when you do it’s going to be a bitch. If, out of the blue, you feel a flash of magic and you don’t know the source, it’s trouble. Jotunn are powerful. A couple of the ones here might be able to hide from you.” He flashed his shark grin. “Wish I could tell you more, but like I said, there are rules.”
B looked at his wrist and revealed an Omega Speedmaster Professional. “Well, look at the time. Believe it or not, I’ve got other shit to do besides watching over you. Wanna see how angels come and go?”
I suddenly got the sense someone was behind me. I looked but there was no one. I felt a flash of magic. When I turned back toward B, he was gone. I scanned the people around me. None of them looked shocked or surprised. It looked like all of us had been facing away when he took off. I wondered if Harley came and went the same way.
Physically, I was fine. Mentally, I was beat. The thought of going back to my ‘true love’ made me even more tired. I promised myself I’d move out as soon as possible. As I walked out of the microbrewery, the hostess caught my eye. I waved and kept moving, the chances of the cops coming anytime soon for a bar scuffle where nothing happened was slim to none. When I got outside, it was full dark. I walked down the block and was about to turn the corner into the parking lot when I sensed eight people quietly standing beyond the corner in the shadows. I could hear them breathing.
I hadn’t taken anything the biker had said or done earlier personally. I knew he and his friends were playing a con to avoid paying for their food and beer. It’s not a bad scam; a group of lowlifes go into a place that’s too upscale for them, and eat and drink their fill. When it’s time to leave, one of them causes a minor ruckus and gets them all kicked out, usually without paying. As long as you don’t try to hit the same place twice, it’s a good way to get free grub.
It’s possible this ambush wasn’t personal. The biker and his friends may have just needed the money and they thought I’d be an easy mark, or they may have been fag bashers who had taken a particular dislike to B and me because we’re so pretty. I didn’t care. They were just what I needed. I had stress I wanted to release.
I turned the corner. Mr. Thinks-He’s-Bad and his gang were waiting, “Hey, fag…”
Force equals Mass times Acceleration. It’s hard to change your size and weight in the middle of a fight; acceleration is the way to go. I visualized my right foot being a lead weight, and my leg a piece of string. I flicked my hip forward three inches and my foot followed. Just for laughs, a couple years ago I used a radar speed gun to see how fast my foot traveled when I used this technique. My best speed was 92 mph. In the last couple days, I’d gotten faster. I’m sure the bony ridge of my shin struck the biker’s thigh at well over 100 mph.
My shin compressed the muscles of his thigh almost to the bone, causing massive soft tissue trauma. Like a baseball bat hitting meat, my leg rebounded. I used the momentum I gained from the bounce to turn my forward roundhouse into a rear spin kick. My heel slammed into the side of the guy that had crept up behind me. I could feel his ribs crack.
The next guy up was huge, six-five and overweight. He took a few quick steps to gain momentum and then tried to use a football tackle to take me down. He drove his shoulder into me at waist height while reaching with his arms to grab me. I dropped and let my butt hit my heels. I met his shoulder with my left hand and his belt buckle with my right. I rammed my body forward at an angle as I straightened my knees and arms. My forward momentum canceled out his and I ended up standing with my legs and arms straight, my stress-relieving volunteer held above me. The guy must have been double my weight, and I lifted him like he was a thirty pound two-year old.
This was more fun than running up walls. Being a paladin sucked, but super strength and super speed were a blast. I was laughing when I dropped Mr. Big-and-Heavy on the ground. He didn’t bounce.
The rest of the gang stood frozen all around me. I jerked forward, “Boo!” They scattered, even the guy with the broken ribs. The only guys left were Big-and-Heavy, who had the breath knocked out of him, and Mr. Bad, who was laying on the ground holding onto his thigh, moaning. His thigh was bent at an unnatural angle. I had broken his femur. Hmm, I hadn’t meant to do that much damage. I really needed to learn my own strength.
Bad didn’t have much fight left. He pulled out a knife but threw it aside, screaming, when I lightly punched his injured thigh. I found his cell phone and his wallet in his jacket. His name was Harry Mossman and he had a Montana license. “Harry, you from Montana?”
He made an agonized groan that sounded like a ‘yes’ to me.
“Well, Harry, I suggest as soon as you can, you get your ass back home. I know where you live and I have the phone numbers of all your friends and family. You do not, repeat DO NOT, want to piss me off. Do you understand?”
He frantically nodded his head.
Harry’s friend was getting up. I went over to him, “How you feeling?”
“I think my tailbone’s broke, man.”
Now that, I had meant to do. “I dropped you on your ass so nothing more serious got broken. You hear what I said to your friend?”
He hung his head, not meeting my gaze “Yes.”
“Same goes for you. Give me your wallet.”
He gave me his wallet and tried to hand me his cell.
I waved off the phone, “No, you can keep the cell to call an ambulance for your friend.”
I drove away with a smile.

Chapter 11: Peacocking
On the way back to my apartment, I passed by Rare Change and Medallions. I hadn’t actually planned on it but I found myself slowing down as I got near. Screw it. I parked my truck. I grabbed the front door; it was locked. I could actually feel a flash of magical energy as the door unlocked to allow me entrance.
When I walked downstairs, the light in the kitchen was on. Aidan and Tim were at the table. If the several empty beer bottles were any indication, they had been celebrating.
I’m not used to apologizing. I wanted to get this over quickly. “Tim, I acted like a jerk earlier. I’m sorry.”
Tim turned into the bright red bird of happiness. For once he was speechless. He waved his hands to let me know he accepted my apology.
Aidan looked a little confused. I guess he hadn’t noticed the earlier pounding on his work room door. Tim clearly hadn’t told him how pissed off I had been when I left. He smiled at Tim’s delight and turned his gaze to me. “Victor, my boy I did not expect to see you until the morning but I’m glad you are here. I have linked your new jacket to the rest of the armor. When you call for your equipment, the default will be for Sanguinis. If you want Obex instead, say her name first. Call Obex and Sanguinis will automatically be sent to the vault and vice versa.”
The leprechaun’s grin got larger like it always did when he got to talk about gear and weapons. “Also, I have hired some dwarves to make ammo for you. We were lucky the Redcaps did not have an immunity to lead like some of the other minions of darkness. Obex and Sanguinis’ bayonet are effective against most creatures, but that is not true for your ammunition. The dwarves are going to make shotgun shells containing buckshot made from iron, silver, wood, holy water, and white phosphorous. The Jotunn will heal from any wound that is not burned into them—the white phosphorus is going to be essential. I also have them making jacketed, fin stabilized and explosive slugs.”
Aidan was talking about things that could save my life. I couldn’t help smiling myself. I asked for more details. “How are you going to make water pellets? Will this mean I’m going to switch out different ammo for each kind of minion or are all my shells going to have all those different materials?”
He beamed at me; his student was asking good questions. “Every one of your three inch shells has fifteen hollow pellets. Eight pellets are filled with holy water, seven filled with white phosphorus. The pellet shells are made out of lead impregnated with wood, iron, and silver. The holy water pellets burst on impact and the white phosphorus pellets ignite. White phosphorus is extremely dangerous; specific spells are necessary to keep them from igniting in your barrel.”
Aidan’s expression changed. He looked hesitant and embarrassed. “Um Victor, you’re going to need these shells as soon as possible. We know for sure there are Jotunn, and more likely than not, there will be other kinds of minions as well. I have taken the liberty of ordering the shells, but we do not have enough money in the Oath Brotherhood’s coffers to pay for them. I am hoping you have the funds? Otherwise, I will have to cancel the order in the morning. Tim and I could make these kinds of shells ourselves, but they are complicated. It would probably take us weeks to make them, and I don’t know if you have that kind of time.”
It figured I’d have to pay for my own ammo. “How much will it be, and do the Dwarves take cash?”
His face brightened—relieved I had taken this news so well. “Fifteen thousand dollars will cover the entire order, and they will take cash, although they prefer gold or silver.”
Now for the tricky question: “What if the cash has serial numbers that are a little hot?”
Aidan guffawed and Tim looked confused. I guessed they weren’t used to paladins who had stolen money. “Victor my lad, one of these days you will have to fill me in on what you did before you became a paladin. Dwarves are long-lived and they don’t use banks. Waiting a decade or two before they spend the cash is not a big deal for them. We will probably have to pay a premium, say twenty to thirty percent.” He laughed again, shaking his head. “Do you have enough to pay the extra?”
I’d been too busy to deal with the ATM cash I had in my truck. Using it to pay for stuff I needed to stay alive was as good a solution as any. “So, how long do you think it will take to get the ammo?”
“Well, there are twenty of the Thorgrin Clan in town, and they are superb artificers. We should have the full order of three thousand pellet shells, one thousand jacketed, fin-stabilized slugs, and one thousand explosive rounds in three days. Just so you know, Victor, the Thorgrins are giving us a huge discount because we are the Oath Brotherhood.”
“I have the cash in my truck. So are we good? I was planning on calling it a night.”
Aidan looked relieved to have the money issue resolved. “I think you deserve a break tonight. Come back in the morning and we will talk more about the Norse minions.”
Aidan and Tim walked me out. I handed Tim all the cash I had in the truck, then handed Aidan the wallets and cell phone I had taken from the bikers. I told him they needed to be kept in a safe place for a bit. Someplace cops with warrants couldn’t easily find. It was remotely possible the idiots I had just dealt with would either call the cops or seek revenge. I didn’t want to get rid of the wallets or cell phone for a while, but I also didn’t want law enforcement to find them on me if it did come up. I’m not sure why, but I trusted Aidan to keep the wallets and cell phone safe. He just accepted them with a mischievous grin, no questions asked. Tim looked even more dumbfounded.
As I got in my truck to leave, Aidan hopped up on the running board. The armorer had more advice for me, “Victor, the Jotunn know this is our headquarters. They are not foolish enough to attack our citadel. We have powerful built-in defenses. For similar reasons, they are not likely to attack the place you are staying. Anywhere else is dangerous. With your anti-scrying spell, they will not be able to find you by magic, but they can track you other ways. Try to avoid taking the direct way home; there’s a chance the Norse will have a lookout or an ambush set up on the direct route from here to there. Please avoid leaving the protected areas until you’ve been fully briefed.”
My instinct is to always reject advice, but what Aidan had just said was logical. I grunted, “I hear you.” The guys headed back in and I put the truck in gear. I was about to drive back to Sugar House when I had another thought. I yelled to Aidan before he reached the door of the shop. “Hey Aidan, how do paladins deal with living expenses?”
The leprechaun turned back and smiled, “The paladin gets a yearly salary of one million dollars, with bonuses for the number of minions killed. You’re going to have a good paycheck in the mail.”
I let out a slow whistle. THAT was good pay. “What about the Brotherhood? Why are you guys so hard up?”
Aidan’s face got pained. My question had brought up bad memories “Enchanted armor and weapons have to be custom made for each warrior. Every brother and sister we lost meant a new set of gear for the next warriors up. Our equipment needs ran our coffers dry.”
Oh, that made sense. I nodded to Aidan and took off.
I drove through the back streets to the Swenson’s. It was weird having new senses. It was difficult to describe with a language that has no words for it. How do you explain color to the blind, or music to the deaf?
Rare Change and Medallions felt like the magical equivalent of a fortress. It was a massive, foreboding dark block. As I drove past homes, I could feel actual thresholds. To my new senses, they seemed to glow and flicker like paper lanterns; they looked like hearths—some faint, some bright. The threshold around the former paladin’s home was like a lighthouse. I could sense it from over a mile away.
The paladin threshold worked like radiation—the closer to the source, the more intense the effect. Most minions probably couldn’t get within a few blocks of the Swenson home without getting burned; it would likely be unpleasant for them to get within a mile. It was good to know that I would have some freedom of movement when the sun fell. When I got to the house, cars were lined up and down the street and the driveway was full. I had to park a half block away.
Initially, the intensity of the magical protection from the house was almost blinding, but it didn’t take long to get adjusted. As I walked from my truck to the house, there was a noticeable increase in the strength of the protection from the street and the neighbor’s property to the Swenson’s yard, and from the yard to the house.
Kids Andi and Ben’s age were scattered around the backyard. I was a couple feet from the back door when Ben saw me. “Hey Vic, welcome to my birthday party!”
“Happy birthday.”
Ben grinned, looked at his friends—most of them female—and gestured toward me. “Guys, this is our new renter, Victor. He’s responsible for the party. His down payment paid for all the goodies.”
I told him it was good to know my cash was being well spent. They all laughed and Ben introduced me to his friends, taking particular pleasure with a cute girl-next-door brunette and a sassy-with-attitude blonde. He was oblivious to the expressions on the girl’s faces as they made eye contact. Ben’s carefree, inexperienced, stupidity made me smile. I shook hands and stayed just long enough to be polite. It had been a long day. It was time to wind down alone in my room.
I was trying to sneak up the stairs when I heard her voice, “Victor, wait a minute!” Of course it was Mina. She was glowing. She was so hot, even dressed simply in a pair of tight jeans and a loose flowing red shirt that somehow still managed to outline her full breasts. She had on sparkly flip flops she probably thought were cute. Her red-painted toenails actually turned me on. Jesus! I was noticing her toenails? Alright, alright, I’m biologically designed to be in love with her, but really, toenails?
My eyes met hers. I didn't say anything but just waited for her to continue, hating how much I wanted her. She grinned happily up at me, not a clue to what was in my head. “Come with me, tough guy. I want you to meet my date and some friends.”
I allowed her to take my hand. She half-dragged me over to a group of people standing in the kitchen. Everyone was focused on the guy talking in the center of the group. He looked like the stereotypical ‘hot’ professor that dates coeds. He was fairly young for the breed—in his early thirties—wearing the uniform of his type: jeans, button down shirt, a light summer sports coat, and yes, there was even a stem of a pipe peeking out from his jacket pocket. He was entertaining his admirers, but I could see him watching us from the corner of his eye. Man, I did not want to meet her boyfriend.
Mina interrupted cheerfully, “Everyone, I want you all to meet Victor. This is Steve, Mary, Joe, Susan, and Elaine.” I caught Mina sharing a quick, pointed glance with Elaine. “He’s my new tenant.”
Steve, the center of attention, turned to me with a hearty smile, “Good to meet you. Name’s Steve Willeso.” He made a point of enunciating clearly ‘Will-ee-so.’
He offered me his hand. I dropped Mina’s hand to shake with Boyfriend. He had the perfect grip—not too limp or too hard—of a guy who’s spent time thinking about his handshake. I politely said “Hello” and was about to make my excuses and go upstairs when he said, “You’ve arrived at the perfect time; we need your vote on a question. I believe our society’s lack of interest in ancient languages such as Latin is a tragedy. I can’t seem to convince the rest of these barbarians to agree with me. Lingua Latina non mortua est quod eam loquimur.7”
The asshole had been checking me out. He had obviously decided I was the uneducated type who would be intimidated by ‘book learning.’ His body language told me he thought Mina belonged to him. His air of absolute certainty that I had no idea what he had just said irritated me—especially since he was partially right. I knew lingua, Latina, and non mortua meant language, Latin, and not death, but couldn’t even begin to guess what the other words meant.
Well I could play ‘my brain is bigger’ too. I cocked my head and gave a polite smile, like I’d just heard a weak joke, and threw down one of few Latin phrases I’d memorized, ‘Veni, Vidi, Flati.’”
Willeso’s eyes narrowed. He understood what I had said.
Mina broke in, “I know Veni and Vidi stand for I came and I saw, but what the heck does Flati mean?”
Steve replied, “Hon, Flati means farted. Victor just said, ‘I came, I saw, I farted.” The rest of the group laughed. Willeso played along like he thought I was funny. His eyes told me different. He looked at me. “Victor, I’m always pleased to meet another classically trained soul, Loquerisne liguam latinam?8”
It wasn’t hard to guess what he had asked. I answered, “Cacatne Pape in silvis?”
Mina and the rest of the group looked to me and then back to Steve. He gave me a tight grin, “I have to say, I have no idea, Victor. Does the pope shit in the woods?”
“Sadly Steve, unlike a bear, he does not.” I grinned back easily, making a no-big-deal motion with my hands, “I don’t know Latin, just a few words and phrases. I agree with you that it’s useful to have some knowledge of the classical languages.”
The group giggled at my little joke, and I could feel the focus of attention transfer from Steve to me. The laughter was attracting others, and I could see Ben, Andi and a couple of their friends come into the large kitchen from the back door.
My gaze settled on Mina. I allowed myself to really look at her for the first time since meeting her. She was wearing her long, golden hair loose; it was tousled, unstyled, and beautiful. Her eyes beckoned like crystal blue pools to a man dying of thirst; if I allowed myself to drink, I’d be lost. I refused to become a bumbling fool mooning over her. The fact I felt like an idiot didn’t mean I had to act like one. She felt my gaze, glancing up from listening to one of her friends talking into her ear; she tilted her head and smiled at me inquiringly.
I raised a brow and said in a low sexy voice designed to carry. “I know a couple other Latin phrases.” The others around us yelled encouragement for me to tell, laughing at my teasing. I took her hand again and got down one knee, my other hand at my heart and a mocking smile on my lips, “In imo animo stat pulchritude; beauty lies in the depths of one’s soul. Omnia vincit amor; et nos cedamus amori. Love conquers all things; let us surrender to love.” I turned her hand over and kissed her palm lingeringly, to the applause of the others.
Joe hooted, “Damn, I’m going to learn Latin!”
Even with her summer tan, Mina had the complexion of a natural blond. I could see the pink color rise in her cheeks. Her eyes were sparkling with delight at my supposed joke. She brought her hand up to her cheek, sighing as if to savor my kiss, then bubbled over with soft laughter. My mocking grin turned wry. I couldn’t lie; I was telling her the truth. I could feel Willeso bristle as I stole his thunder. I stood up, bowing theatrically at my audience. I could see the asshole put his arm possessively around the woman I was doomed to love. The show was over and most of the newcomers wandered from the kitchen.
As I was about to leave, Elaine, the recipient of Mina's earlier pointed glance, came up to my side and put her arm through mine and asked, “Victor, do you go to the U?”
Elaine was dressed in the preppy librarian look of a liberal arts grad student. I’ve always been partial to women with glasses. In her own distinct Mediterranean, black haired, brown eyed way, she was physically as attractive as Mina, but she didn’t have the spark that made Mina mesmerizing.
I gave a self-deprecating smile and answered, “I’m sorry to say, I’m mostly self-educated. I never finished high school.”
I saw shock in the eyes of those listening. Upper middle class students and professors rarely socialize with high school dropouts. Elaine, however, looked like she wouldn’t be opposed to go slumming. She asked, “So, what do you do for a living?”
“I spent the last few years testing bank security systems. Now, I provide security for a religious organization.”
“So you’re a security guard?” Steve had given up on trying to play it cool. Elaine and Joe looked pained. I saw Mina step away from his arm, frowning like a thundercloud.
I laughed with true delight at his loss of control. Call me petty if you like, but I enjoy helping rectums look like assholes. “That’s a good description, Steve.”
Jumping to my defense, Mina said, “Come on Victor, I get the feeling that’s not quite all the truth. You don’t actually patrol buildings, right?”
I replied, “I’m responsible for operational security throughout the city” with all the fake humility I could muster.
Elaine laughed and pulled herself closer. It could have been my imagination but I thought I saw Mina frown again. Yeah, it was my imagination. Elaine asked, “So was your career change an upgrade?” She invited me with her eyes. “I’m a sucker for a man in uniform.”
I shrugged, “My pay went up but I’ve lost my ability to call my own shots. I wouldn’t call it an upgrade. I got an offer I couldn’t refuse.” I threw a polite grin at Elaine. At another time and place when I didn’t have so much shit on my plate, she would have been worth cultivating. In fact, she was more my usual type than Mina. As it was, I wasn’t interested and I needed to figure out a socially appropriate way of getting rid of her. “I’m sorry to disappoint you but I don’t think my work clothes qualify as a uniform. I’ve got no shiny badges.”
I was rapidly losing interest in the conversation. It was time to hand back the focus of attention to someone who wanted it. “Steve, what do you do?”
He brightened at the opportunity to talk, “I’m a professor of Anthropology at the U.”
Mina smiled and with a proud tone said, “Yes, the youngest full professor, ever.”
I’ve never seen a man preen before. “Oh, Mina, he’s not interested in that.” He was right.
“Victor, my lecture tomorrow is going to be filmed for a PBS special. It’s called ‘Man’s Irrational Need for God’; you should come.”
If you can’t tell a lie, there are times where you can’t say anything. I raised an eyebrow and gave my best Mona Lisa smile.
I guess my smile wasn’t enigmatic enough. Steve put on a happy, incredulous expression, “Don’t tell me you’re a believer and I’ve offended you?”
I shrugged. Now, I was completely bored. “Yeah, I’m a believer; wish I wasn’t. No, I’m not offended. Well guys, glad to have met all of you, but it’s been a long day for me. I think I’m going to call it a night.”
I turned to Elaine. She hadn’t taken the hint and was still glued to my arm. I couldn’t say, ‘It was nice to meet you’; I’d start puking. I didn’t have the energy to deal with the awkwardness of forcibly prying my arm from hers. I was tired enough that I operated on pure instinct, moving straight into my default response to unwanted attention. I’ve always gotten more notice from women than I deserve. There is a subset that is pathologically attracted to arrogant men who don’t give a shit. I’ve learned if I turn the tables on them—come on too strong, freak them out, they’ll reject me. It’s always better when dealing with feminine insanity to have them reject you.
Without thinking, I raised my free hand to her chin and gently tilted her head up until her eyes met mine. Staring deeply into her pupils, I slowly and inevitably moved my face close—my lips on the verge of touching hers, daring her to move back or to push me away. Elaine froze at first, then relaxed dropping her stranglehold on my arm—her eyes closed, mouth slightly open, and body limp waiting for my kiss. ‘Shit!’ This move had never failed before; I’d forgotten about my new look. I’d just learned the hard way, it made a difference. Beads of sweat appeared on my forehead and my skin got clammy. If she had pushed forward to kiss me back, I could have vomited down her throat. It would have been bad for me, worse for her—a faux pas for all concerned.
I quickly brought my mouth next to her ear. In a whisper so low only she could hear I said, “Goodnight, Elaine.” When she froze again in confusion, I made my escape. I turned away and waved at the group at large. I was too relieved by my narrow escape to bother checking out Mina’s reaction, or anyone else’s. I was done with playing games. I walked up the stairs, slow enough that I wasn’t running, too fast for anyone to try to convince me to stay. It was a relief to be alone in my small apartment. I felt a five hundred pound weight lift from my shoulders. I undressed and took a quick shower. I threw myself on the bed and tried to sleep.
I was too tired to be at a party making small talk but I wasn’t tired enough for sleep. After lying in my bed for what seemed like hours, I pulled out Paul Swenson’s journal. The first entry was January 1st of last year, “No minions sighted.” This sentence was the most common entry. It was repeated over and over again. It looked like for the most part the life of a paladin was uneventful.
Flipping through the pages I found the log for March 18th, “Met with Emissary from Vlad Tepes. Tepes wanted safe passage through Salt Lake City. I refused.” If I wasn’t mistaken, Vlad Tepes was better known as Vlad the Impaler or Dracula. Vampires existed. My curiosity was piqued and I would have liked to have learned about the meeting, but that was all there was written.
For May, there were five entries in a row about an infestation of ghouls. The fifth indicated Paul had killed seven of them.” On June 1st Paul wrote, “Cahill got message from Denver Brotherhood. Their paladin is dead. Norse suspected.” From then on, until the last message on June 17th, was the usual, “No minions sighted.”
I needed a couple more deserving assholes to beat upon. What the HELL? Would it be too much to ask to get something useful out of the journal—to get a fricking clue about what I had to face with the Norse? Lying in bed was doing me no good, so I got up and paced. The pacing drove me nuts, too. I opened my laptop to start my own journal. The instant I began to type, I felt better. I was really getting sick of all the penny ante compulsions that came with my job.
I considered encrypting my digital journal. I decided not to bother. Anyone who read my journal would think I was writing fiction. When I started, I had planned on pulling a ‘Paul Swenson’ using ‘I killed twenty-six Redcaps’ as my full entry, but the sentence by itself didn’t feel complete.
I’ve never considered keeping a diary. It was what girls and artistic men did. It also would have been a security nightmare. All my life, I’d had secrets that were too risky to reveal. Secrecy was no longer an issue. Law enforcement wouldn’t believe what I wrote and the heavenly bureaucracy was already watching everything I did.
It felt good to vent my frustrations on my keyboard. I wondered what it would be like to trust someone enough to tell them what was happening to me. I lost track of the time. I started my entry with the first Jotunn I had killed and ended with the bikers I had terrorized. It dawned on me; I had taken two wallets and a cell phone from them without a problem. I guess telling lies and sex outside of marriage was forbidden but confiscating shit from dirtbags was okay.
I finished my journal entry for the night. I hadn’t realized how helpful it was putting my thoughts down outside my own skull. I almost felt at peace. I pulled a fifth of Glenfiddich from one of my bags and poured myself a triple. I slammed it down and crawled into bed ready to pass out. The sounds from the party downstairs had been white noise in my ears while I typed. The party had wound down and there were only a few people left. Mina and Steve were talking. It sounded like they were in her room. FUCK, like I needed to listen to them making out. I told myself I didn’t want to eavesdrop but that thought was worse than useless. It was impossible to ignore their conversation.
“Steve, we need to talk.” Well, maybe it wouldn’t be so bad to eavesdrop.
Steve gave a low laugh, “Oh-oh, a conversation that starts with that line is never good. No, come here instead.”
Mina sounded impatient. “I’m serious.” I heard scuffling noises. “Ouch, dammit Steve, keep your freaking hands to yourself, that’s not a toy!”
I could hear the rustle of their clothing and the floor boards made a faint, almost inaudible sound as they moved. From those hints, I pictured Steve coming in, trying to hug Mina and her pushing him away. I wasn’t sure about the toy part. “Yeah sure, what’s up?” I could hear the frustration in Steve’s voice. He clearly wasn’t in the mood to ‘talk’.
“Well, I don’t think it becomes you to be contemptuous of people with different beliefs.” Mina’s voice was soft but firm.
Irritation mixed with anger crept into Willeso’s voice, “For crying out loud Mina, tell me we’re not going back to the ‘be kind to religious idiots’ argument again. Religion has killed more people than most diseases. Anyone who believes in that kind of primitive crap deserves contempt. Let’s talk tomorrow. I can think of better things to do now.” I heard only silence for a moment then, “Do you like it when I do this?”
Mina’s yell sounded indignant. “Stop that!” I could hear the amorous professor being pushed away. “Now, are you saying that anyone who disagrees with you is stupid?”
“Of course not!” Steve sounded defensive, almost whiny. “I’m saying people who believe in stupid things are stupid.”
Mina’s back was up now. I could hear the deadly intent in her voice. “You know I believe in God, Steve.”
“In all other ways Mina, you’re intelligent. I’m willing to forgive that one little bit of insanity.” I burst out laughing. The professor clearly wasn’t as smart as he thought he was.
Again, I could hear him trying to get physically closer and this time getting rejected with a resounding smack! Mina almost shouted, “Steve, are you smarter than Isaac Newton or Albert Einstein?”
There was totally outraged disbelief in Professor Rectum’s voice, “What do they have to do with anything? I can’t believe you hit me, Mina!”
“KEEP your hands to yourself, you…” From the anger in her voice and the pause in her speech, I pictured Mina thinking about and then deciding not to call Steve an asshole, I felt her struggling to get calm enough to ask in a level voice, “I asked that question because both of them believed in God. I’m just wondering if you’re egotistical enough to think you’re smarter than they were.”
Steve backed down and was whiny again. “Okay, Mina.” Even rejected he couldn’t pass up an academic debate. “Of course I don’t think they were stupid or insane. It’s possible for smart people to believe in stupid things. I’ll give you Newton. He clearly believed in the Christian God but he also believed in alchemy. Albert Einstein had a much more nuanced view of God and I’m pretty sure he didn’t believe in the God of the Torah.”
Steve must have stopped trying to be frisky. Mina seemed to settle down. “I agree with you, Steve. It’s possible for smart people to believe in stupid things. Did you know more than fifty per cent of people on Earth are followers of one religion or another? Almost every single scientist before our generation believed in God. I just think it’s incredibly stupid to make a blanket statement saying all those people are stupid.”
I heard Steve try to interject but Mina politely shut him down. “No Steve, don’t interrupt, please just wait a minute and let me finish. Are you willing to listen to me?” Steve muttered a “Yes” and Mina continued, “Because of communism and fascism, in the last hundred years atheists have killed more people than all the religions in history to date. Stalin, Hitler, and Mao killed more people than all the religious wars combined. We can waste time talking about the worst of humanity. Everybody, everywhere has it in them to be evil. Instead, let’s talk about the best of humanity. Whenever I see great humanitarians—Mother Theresa, Gandhi, or Martin Luther King—I see people who have faith in a loving God. Tell me the name of one great humanitarian atheist, Steve?”
There was silence. The brilliant professor of Anthropology had just got his ass handed to him by a girl.
Mina went on, her voice almost gently soothing now. Her prey was down, and she was poised to make her kill. “It’s not enough, Steve, to be better than the worst of a group of people. If you want to prove your way is better, you have to be able to exceed their best. You’ll have to be good at something besides showing contempt before you label people who disagree with you stupid. Show me that atheists can add something to the world besides an undeserved belief in their own superiority.”
If Steve had been hoping for a happy ending, he was disappointed. I heard him leave shortly after their argument. From the way he stomped out and slammed the doors behind him, he wasn’t happy. It’s petty to take delight in the misery of others but I already admitted I’m petty.
I have my flaws, but hypocrisy isn’t one of them. I value my privacy. If I could do anything about it, I wasn’t going to keep on invading Mina’s. Tomorrow morning, I was going to ask Aidan how to turn my super hearing off and on.
If I had to be genetically designed to love someone, at least that someone could use her head. I should have been ecstatic my ‘true love’ was available; I wasn’t. I’ve been trying for the last few decades to become someone I’m really not—methodical, logical, and controlled. My natural inclination is to be an impulsive, adrenalin-seeking idiot. I’m not good at resisting temptation, and I had never met a greater temptation than this young woman. I couldn’t believe my true love was young enough to be my daughter, and that she would look like a cheerleader.
The ethics of a full professor sleeping with a coed were problematic. The difference between his position and hers didn’t quite fit the legal definition of statutory rape, but certainly qualified as an abuse of power—another reason why Steve was a rectum. I had to be at least ten years older than Willeso. I was a forty-seven-year old paladin with a license to kill direct from God.
The ethics of me having a relationship with a twenty-two-year old coed sucked. For me, attraction has always been more about the mental than the physical. Mental attraction, at least for me, has always required a similar level of life experiences. I was too jaded and impatient to be with someone who was just taking baby steps into adulthood. All of the women I’ve dated in the past few years have been in their late thirties. Because of the way I looked, even though I was older than any of them, everyone thought my dates were cougars.
I had no desire to like or respect Mina. I didn’t want to make room in my life for a serious girlfriend, never mind my one true love. I sure as hell didn’t want marriage or a family. It was easier to resist irrational, chemically driven emotions than an attraction based on real knowledge and respect. I was better off not knowing her. I needed to spend my nights in a secure place, but it didn’t have to be here. I reminded myself to ask Aidan if I could bunk at the coin shop. With that thought, I fell asleep.

Chapter 12: The Kiss
I woke to the sound of Mina puttering in the kitchen. Andi and Ben were still in their rooms, asleep. I checked the time, it was 6:30. I sent a text message to Aidan asking when I should get to the store. I mentally kicked myself for not asking him last night.
My plan was to hang out in my apartment until Aidan texted back. My plan went down the drain when I realized I hadn’t had a chance to shop and stock up my small kitchen. I’m psychologically addicted to coffee. I need my fix every morning. I was sure I could bum a cup from Mina but that meant I had to go downstairs and ask her. I was strangely reluctant.
It took a bit to get my head around the fact that Mina scared me. It took even longer to figure out why. I’ve always been an adrenalin junkie. I’ve never been afraid of physical risks; hell I enjoyed them. I was beginning to understand how frightened I was of emotional pain. I hadn’t realized how much I hated the idea of needing anyone. Mina was freaking me out in a way that Redcaps or an unknown number of Jotunn never could. The worst those monsters could do was to maim or kill me; she could make me care.
I stared at my phone and willed Aidan to text me so I could get out of here. Nothing happened, there was no message. What the hell had happened to ‘imposing my will’ upon the Universe?
I was able to kill a few minutes by brushing my teeth and throwing on some clothes. I walked quietly downstairs to the kitchen. I didn't announce myself right away.
Mina was dressed in a blue T shirt and shorts, barefoot. Her hair was in a high ponytail. Regardless of what she wore, she drew my eyes. She was sitting in a chair at the kitchen table, a book open in front of her, a cup of coffee forgotten in her hands. She sat with one leg tucked under and the other swinging idly back and forth. She seemed to be quietly lost in thought. I looked around; the place was surprisingly clean for the early morning after a large party.
I decided to get this over with. “Good morning.”
She turned to me, smiling softly, “Hey, good morning, sunshine. Would you like some coffee?”
She called me ‘sunshine’ and it didn’t annoy me. I was pathetic. “That’d be awesome.”
I waited, leaning back against the counter while she got up to pour me a cup. “You want sugar or cream?”
“No thanks, I’ll take it black.” As she turned her back to me, I let myself look at her. I was immediately drawn to the nape of her neck partially hidden by her ponytail. It was the perfect place to plant a gentle kiss.
When she passed me my coffee, I looked down into my cup. I didn’t want to deal with the headaches that came from looking at her. I could feel the silence turn heavy and uncomfortable.
Mina didn’t sit back down. She leaned on the counter just a couple feet away from me. I could feel her gaze. Mina spoke first, “If you don’t mind me asking, what did you whisper to Elaine before you left last night?”
I looked up from my coffee and shrugged, “Nothing special, just goodnight.”
Mina burst out in delighted laughter. She shook her head. “Vic, where the heck were you raised? You have some serious socialization issues with women. The first night you’re here, you slam your door in my sister’s face. On the second night, in the middle of a party in front of everyone, you act like you’re going to make out with one of my best friends and then all you do is say ‘Goodnight?’ What’s up with that?”
Her laugh was infectious. I smiled back at her, “You’re right; I have no manners.”
“Elaine swore that’s all you said but no one believed her. We all thought you were going to throw her over your shoulder and carry her back to your room.” Mina tilted her head, eyeing me thoughtfully, “I think Elaine was really disappointed you didn’t. You want her number? She said I could give it to you.”
I shook my head and gave a rueful smile, “That’s okay. She seems nice but I’m not in the right place for a relationship now, and to tell you the truth, I’m not attracted to her.”
Mina’s brows drew together in irritation at my answer. “Buddy, that’s sure not how you acted.” She leaned over, intending to poke her finger into my chest to emphasize her point, “Look, you don’t just lead…”
I grabbed her hand when it was an inch from my chest. No one touches me in anger. Mina was startled by my response. I don’t know what my face looked like but I could feel my temper about to explode. “I meant what I said. I am not and never have been, attracted to her.”
She stood her ground, waving her free hand in exasperation, and shot right back, “Okay, Mr. Tough Guy, if you’re not attracted to her, who ARE you attracted to?”
I spoke without thinking, almost as if I had no choice. My voice was a growl, “I’m attracted to you.”
“Ha!” She moved a step closer to me. I already had her one hand captured so when she tried to push at my chest with the other, I grabbed that hand as well. We stood face to face, inches apart. “Ha!” she repeated, heatedly. “You haven’t said more than three words to me at a time since we first met. Don’t tell me you’re shy; I wouldn’t believe you for a second. Attracted to me, what a crock! What’s your game, Vic?”
I didn’t respond with words, I was too angry to speak. Eyes are the windows to the soul. I let her gaze into mine; I showed her my anger and the core of hatred I kept bound in chains. I revealed the monster I kept hidden from the world.
We stood unmoving—an eternity passed in seconds—and to my surprise she didn’t tear herself away from me. My truth has always terrified the few who’ve seen it; Mina stood before me, unafraid. Without breaking our gaze, she slowly brought our entwined hands up to cup my face. She stood up on tiptoes and gently, softly, kissed me. I buried myself into her mouth with a hunger I’ve had my entire life.
“Ahem!” We sprang apart and turned. Ben and Andi were watching us from the doorway to the rest of the house. Andi sounded like she was honestly puzzled, “So Vic…you’re not gay?”
I heard the words but they were so unexpected their meaning didn’t register for a few seconds. When I realized what she had asked, I cracked up with involuntary laughter. “No, I’m not.”
Ben guffawed, “Well that’s not what Mina claimed last night.”
I turned to Mina. She was beet red. She faced me, started to say something, reconsidered and said nothing. Instead, she looked at her brother and sister like they were something she needed to scrape off the bottom of her shoe. They were hysterical, and had to hold on to the wall and counter respectively to stay upright.
I was honestly puzzled, “You thought I was gay?”
Ben wiped tears from his eyes and answered for Mina. “Yeah, after the deal with my developmentally challenged sister and then Elaine, she was sure you weren’t attracted to girls. It looks like Mina proved herself wrong.” After that line, only Ben was laughing. Both his sisters looked like they wanted to kill him.
I’m not used to caring about how others see me, and I’ve never worried about other people’s feelings. Mina was my genetic ‘true love.’ It made sense that she’d feel the same overwhelming attraction to me as I did to her. I had been doing everything possible to avoid her. I could see why she thought I was immune to her feminine charms. It was hilarious; I burst out laughing. After it was clear I thought the situation was funny, Mina started laughing too. It took a few more seconds but Andi started laughing as well.
I got a call on my cell. My voice wasn’t completely under control when I answered, “Yeah.”
It was Aidan, “Victor, we have an emergency. We need you immediately at the Carmelite Monastery on 5714 Holladay Boulevard. Get to Foothill and head south…”
My need to laugh vanished. Aidan sounded like his mother had died. “Don’t worry about it. I’ll use my GPS.”
“Oh good, we’ll be waiting for you on the street, out in front.”
“I’ll be there as soon as I can.” I turned off the phone. Mina got serious as soon as my expression changed. I put my hands on her shoulders and pulled her toward me, my back to the others. In a low undertone I said, “I’m sorry, I have to go to work. I wish I could tell you when I’ll be back but I can’t. I really want to talk when I get home.”
I still couldn’t believe I had broken down and kissed this girl. I was tempted to try to take it back, maybe peck her on the forehead on my way out. She was calm now, but that could change like the weather. I decided if I kissed her forehead she’d kill me.
Oh well, the milk had been spilt. A major part of me was glad. She was about to say something when I kissed her. The first time we’d kissed had been a surprise. Although I knew I had to leave, I took the time to savor the experience. I slowly tasted her lips and took pleasure in the pressure of her body against mine. I used every sense, both mundane and magic. I could hear the rhythm of our heartbeats begin to synchronize. I smelled the lemon and herb scent of her shampoo. Every time I moved my lips, I pulled back slightly to caress her with my gaze. I took in her clear blue eyes, and the red fullness of her mouth.
To my magic senses, she felt like the first ray of sunshine after weeks of rain. I realized I was peering directly into her soul; it was beautiful. I could feel her power. It was less than mine and even more unschooled. She had protection spells on her, but I knew she hadn’t placed them herself. I had to force myself to pull away. With my eyes, I promised her I’d be back. I walked out the door. As soon as the door closed, I heard Andi say, “Oh my GOD, Sis!”
I ran to my truck and headed toward the Monastery.

Chapter 13: The Sisters
It was one of those days; I hit every red light. While I was waiting for a particularly long one, I pulled up the official website for the Carmelite Monastery. The nuns had been in Utah since 1952; they had been in this location since 1972. The seventies was the decade of really bad taste—the leisure suit, disco, hairy-chested guys with thick gold chains, and a specific style of butt-ugly brick architecture. The Monastery didn’t disappoint. The picture on the website showed a long, single story, dark brown brick building attached to a chapel. I couldn’t tell for sure but based on the pictures on the website it looked like the complex was on a couple acres.
I heard sirens while I was still a couple blocks away from the monastery. Cop cars were lined up on the side of the street opposite the complex, and gawkers were lining up on the sidewalk. A six foot tall stone wall blocked my view of the building, but I could see flames and smoke shooting high into the sky. I drove slowly by the entrance gates and spotted Aidan and Tim. When I pulled up, Aidan motioned for Tim to stay while he jumped in my truck. He directed me to a side street nearby where I could park.
His usual jolly demeanor was gone. He looked grim. “Victor, the monastery is on consecrated ground, and members of the Oath Brotherhood have been living there since it was built close to forty years ago. There are hundreds of protection spells on these grounds. It should be impossible for a fire of this magnitude to occur; I seriously doubt this fire was accidental. I need to get into the complex to see if Sisters Catherine, Josephine, and Beatrice are still alive, and if possible, determine how the fire started.
“Since it is daylight, it’s unlikely we’ll be attacked by minions. However, the impossible has happened; the unlikely seems extremely probable. If we get attacked, you will need to gear up and defend us. Don’t worry about bystanders or witnesses. If we’re not attacked, please keep it low key.” He handed me a small flat disk of polished wood on a loop of leather cord, and motioned for me to put it on over my head. I did so, and he continued, “The pendant has a spell that makes people want to ignore you. It’s not quite the same as an invisibility spell, but in some ways it is more powerful. Instead of seeing you, the spell causes them to see ‘just some guy’, nobody special, not worth a second look. Do something unusual—make a loud noise or fight a minion, and the illusion will be broken.”
“It sounds like a useful item. Can I keep it?”
Aidan gave a flicker of a smile but shook his head. “I had to make the pendant this morning. The spell wears out in a couple hours. It would have been much easier to cast the spell on you directly. One of these days, when we have the time, I’ll teach you how to cast this spell on yourself.” He gave me a sharp look. “Your inability to trust is an inconvenience.”
He kept looking at me like he wanted a response, so I shrugged. There were things I’d change about myself if I could. Being more trusting wasn’t on the list. We got out of my truck and walked back to the entrance of the monastery. Tim waited for us, holding a large leather satchel. He looked nervous, but then he always did. He acted like he was about to speak, but he took a quick look at Aidan’s face, reconsidered, and gave a wave instead.
Three cops were standing guard at the entrance. The leprechaun held up his empty hand like he was flashing a badge, and they let us through. Firefighters were swarming around the outside of the burning building like ants on a rotting carcass. We stopped about twenty feet from the firefighters. Tim opened his satchel and pulled out some sort of antique optical instrument made of brass and copper, that was mounted on a short tripod. He pointed it at the monastery, and Aidan stepped forward, made some adjustments, put his eye to the scope and began slowly surveying the building. He described what he saw in a low monotone; Tim took notes.
I didn’t have the vocabulary to adequately describe how the monastery grounds appeared to my magic senses. Aidan had said that this was consecrated ground. There were a few spots here and there where I could still feel peacefulness and calm. The rest of the grounds were filled with a metaphysical stench, one that defied detection by the ordinary senses. It was so similar to the stench of troll I had killed, I wondered if I had ‘smelled’ it with my magic senses and not my nose.
I was here to provide protection. I ignored Aidan and Tim and kept a lookout for anything unusual. The flames roaring out of the brick monastery were too intense to be the result of a natural fire. I couldn’t tell if the fire had been caused by magic, but some sort of accelerant had to have been poured throughout the building. The firefighters’ efforts had no effect, and it looked like they’d given up trying to put it out and were just controlling the burn. None of them tried to enter the building.
There are times when you can feel an emotional aura coming from an object or a place. Walk through a graveyard at the dark of the moon and you’ll know what I mean. As I stood guard and watched our surroundings, I could feel pain emanating from the burning building. It seemed ludicrous to use the word ‘raped’ to describe a building but I could feel a sense of loss and mourning—of something loved, now defiled.
I hadn’t been paying attention to what Aidan was saying. I knew I had missed something when Tim froze, closed his eyes with a sigh and then bowed his head. Aidan got up from his instrument, took off his glasses, and rubbed his eyes. He looked weary. I walked closer and gave him a questioning look. He faced me and in a cold, flat voice said, “Sisters Catherine, Josephine, and Beatrice were dead before the building ignited. There is a holocaust spell that prevents the fire from being extinguished until all the fuel is consumed. There’s nothing left for us to do here.”
Tim and Aidan took down their equipment. We walked back to our vehicles; no one said a word. At the entrance, there were reporters with their camera crews, and there were now hundreds of rubberneckers. The street where I’d left my truck was now completely lined with cars. Tim used his remote control to unlock a white van parked a few cars ahead of mine.
Aidan turned to me. The brogue in his voice was strong. He had the expression of a man who’s given up. “Victor, nineteen Jotunn attacked the monastery. They have the numbers and the power to overwhelm the defenses at our store and at your home. I am going to make some calls and see if I can get help from another city’s Oath Brotherhood.” He gripped my arm to make his point, “Mina, Ben, and Andi Swenson do not know their father was a paladin. They don’t know how much danger they’re in, and we need to convince them to leave the city. Tim will take the van back to the store. I will head back with you.”
I had expected Tim to be doing his version of a decapitated barnyard fowl. He was pale and unusually silent, but he wasn’t shaking or showing other signs of fear. He simply said, “See you later” to both of us, climbed into the van and drove away.
As soon as Aidan got into my truck he made a phone call. “Philippe, it’s Aidan Cahill from Salt Lake City…Well, not so good. We have had a major attack…You, too?...It looks like the Jotunn you drove off are now in Salt Lake City…Yes, nineteen sounds right.”
It was annoying listening to just one side of a conversation but I got the gist. Three weeks ago, the Boise Paladin had been attacked at his home by twenty-two Jotunn. He called for help. Fifty Oath Brothers answered his call. Three Jotunn were killed, and the rest forced to withdraw at a cost of twelve Oath Brothers. Aidan made arrangements for the Swensons to stay up in Boise. Philippe promised to keep an eye on them. Aidan didn’t ask Philippe to send help.
After the phone call to Boise, Aidan called Billings and a couple other cities. All of them had been attacked recently by the Jotunn. Instead of attacking the paladin directly, the Jotunn had been targeting Oath Brothers. In the last few weeks, hundreds of Oath Brothers had been killed.
Aidan got off his phone as I pulled up into the driveway. I turned to him; he was slouched forward staring at his phone. “You never asked for help.”
He gave me a tired shake of his head. “Oath Brothers are bound to cities just like paladins. Every Brother I talked with is in a city that has been recently attacked. As long as their cities are in danger, they can’t come to help even if they wanted to.”
“What’s going on, Aidan? Why is every city being attacked?”
“I don’t know, Victor. I haven’t seen anything like this in all the centuries I’ve been an armorer to the paladins. What I DO know is the Great Game has very strict rules and dire consequences for those who break the rules. Somehow, they are circumventing the rules.” Aidan shook his head with bewilderment, “The Mythic Hero always crosses into another dimension by himself. He is allowed to find companions, but I have never known of any to gather more than two or three. Heroes are usually young and impulsive. Mythic Heroes want to kill their monster, gather their treasure, and return home as soon as possible. They never go after auxiliaries or noncombatants. It must have taken years, maybe even decades of infiltration and hiding for the Jotunn to form a warband of twenty-two.”
Aidan put away his phone and placed his head in his hands. “Victor, I killed the sisters. The Brotherhood leaders have been communicating by email for the last two weeks. All the Brothers have been spending their nights together in case they get attacked. The emails have been going to Greg Smith, our leader who was killed two weeks ago.” He pounded his fists against his thighs. “I have been planning every day since then to formally announce to the National Oath Brotherhood that I am now the de facto leader of Salt Lake City, but I have allowed myself to get distracted by something I thought was more important each and every miserable, wasted day. If I had just taken two lousy minutes to send an official email, I would have gotten the warning about the Jotunn and the sisters would still be alive.”
I don’t know if leprechauns are more emotional than humans or if Aidan really liked the sisters, but he started silently crying, shoulders heaving. In the little time I’d known him, I’d developed a respect for him, but we weren’t friends. I briefly considered patting him on the back but, instead, I waited quietly a few seconds then continued with the questions. “How powerful are the Jotunn?”
He looked up miserably and wiped his face clean with a handkerchief. “Loki, the Norse God of Fire, is a Jotunn. The ones picked to be Mythic Heroes will not be nearly as powerful. My best guess: the Jotunn who attacked the monastery are as powerful as you on the low range and close to twice as powerful on the high.”
My shitload kept piling higher and higher. I needed to know how deep it went. “And unlike me, they’ll know how to use magic?”
“Yes and no. The Norse are extremely reluctant to teach each other magic. They are as likely to attack each other as they are their enemies. Most of them know how to heal all their wounds except those caused by fire. Many can shapeshift into human and animal forms so they can get around in the daylight. If they stay in their natural form during the day, they risk being turned to stone. If they take another shape, they lose most of their powers, so they don’t like to fight during the day. Given their likely youth, the odds of the Jotunn here knowing other spells are fairly low.”
“If they don’t know much magic, how did they break through the protective spells on the monastery?”
“It is one thing to cast a spell and another to resist one. The first takes knowledge and skill. The second requires power and stubbornness. Victor, you are extremely good at resisting spells. It looks like the Jotunn are equally good.”
Now that he had mentioned it, I realized I had been able to sense the Ignore spells Aidan and Tim had cast upon themselves. I remember feeling something change on both of them as we walked back to Tim’s van. That was the disadvantage of doing something unconsciously; I had no idea what the hell I was doing. “I know the Swenson threshold is powerful. How does it work and how are the Jotunn going to break it?”
For the first time today, Aidan gave me a real smile. “Victor, this is not the Swenson’s home. It’s the Salt Lake City Paladin’s residence. It is your home as long as you live. Before you took your position, Paul Swenson’s children had to live here as the ex-paladin’s biological heirs to maintain the threshold. Once you became our Paladin, the house became yours. The only way to destroy your threshold is to kill you.”
“Do the Swenson’s know they don’t actually own the house?”
“No, they do not. I understand they were thinking about trying to sell it. They would have found out if they tried. Their parents hired a lawyer to run their trust funds. When they all move out of the house or when they each turn twenty-five, whichever comes first, they will get considerably more money.” Crap, I could imagine the shitstorm that was going to come my way when Mina found out her house was actually mine. “But going back to your previous question, the threshold is not an actual physical barrier. Within its sphere of influence, any minion will feel like they’re being burned alive, although no real physical damage is done.” Aidan gave a weak grin. “When they attack us, they will not be in a good mood. The Norse are infamous for their berserker tactics. My guess is that the Jotunn will use rage to overcome our threshold.”
“What about the store? What about the protections there?”
“The store does not have a threshold. It cannot. It isn’t a home. It is surrounded by spells that will incapacitate or kill minions. At best, the store is warded against a maximum of four Jotunn or their equivalent in power. Unfortunately, the spells aren’t strong enough to ward off nineteen Jotunn. A few of them will die if they try to force their way in but eventually they will be able to breach the store’s defenses.
“Victor, until the Jotunn are killed, Tim and I will need to stay at your home. We don’t have a chance in our own places or at the store. Do we have your permission to stay here?”
“Yeah, when you moving in?”
“Actually, right now, Tim is packing the van with all our essential gear, which includes your armor and weapons. He’s also bringing over our suitcases.”
“Aidan, from what you’ve told me, the sisters would have died last night no matter what you did. If they had been holed up with you in the store or with me here last night, they still would have died.”
“I know.”
I looked into the eyes of a defeated man, someone who knew he was a dead man and struggling to put on a brave face. To his credit he looked sad, not scared. Fuck that! He was going to live. “Let’s go inside, Aidan. Let’s get this over with.”

Chapter 14: The More the Merrier
I was opening the door to get out of my truck when Aidan said, “Victor, you might want to take off the pendant. Otherwise the Swensons will ignore you until you make loud animal noises or dance like a drunken hooligan to break the spell.” For the second time today, he flashed an honest grin. “To be sure, it would add comic relief, but I don’t think that’s the effect you’d want.”
I had completely forgotten about the pendant. I took it off and tossed it to Aidan. “When we have time, you’re going to need to teach me that spell.”
“Sure, when we have time.”
As we headed toward the house, I wondered what I was going to say to Mina. I was still wondering when I opened the door to the kitchen. Mina and Elaine were sitting at the table drinking coffee. They were both laughing.
Mina jumped up from her chair in surprise. “Uncle Aidan!” She ran to him and gave him a bear hug, almost lifting him from the ground.
Again, the leprechaun reminded me of a tiny Santa Claus—one who was pleased to have his head buried in her bosom. His laughter was muffled, “Lass, lass, it’s good to see you, too.”
Mina pulled back still clasping his forearms. She was obviously puzzled. “Uncle Aidan, how do you know Vic? I thought he was going to work.” She threw a quick, questioning glance at me.
I had a plan. Aidan was going to do the talking. I felt someone staring at me—oh yeah, Elaine. I told myself I wasn’t embarrassed as I met her gaze. Her expression was hard to read which was good; I really didn’t want to open that book. I made a hello gesture in her general direction. Her expression didn’t change. I hoped she wasn’t the kind that needed closure.
I turned back to listen to Mina and Aidan. His voice was quiet as he met her eyes, “My dear, Vic and I are working together.” He sighed. “I wish this was just a friendly visit. It’s been too long since I’ve seen you, Andi, and Ben. Are they home? I have something of great import to discuss with all of you.” He turned to Elaine.
Mina distractedly made the introductions, waving her arm toward her friend, “Elaine, this is my Uncle Aidan. We’re not actually related but I’ve been calling him Uncle my whole life.”
He walked to Elaine and gallantly shook her hand. “Glad to meet you.” Aidan switched his gaze from Elaine to Mina and back again. “I apologize for breaking in on you unannounced but I need to talk to Mina about something quite private.”
Elaine quickly stood, shouldering her purse and nodding her understanding, “Sure, no problem. Mina, I’ll talk to you later.” She smiled down at the leprechaun. “Nice meeting you, Uncle Aidan.” She didn’t look my way or say goodbye to me. I was grateful. Awkward silence and a cold shoulder are often the best of all possible options when dealing with a woman you don’t want. Mina walked with her to the front door. I heard Mina call upstairs, “Ben, Andi—hurry and come downstairs! Uncle Aidan is here and wants to talk to us”.
It didn’t take long for all of them to come back to the kitchen. They both waved to me and gave big hugs to Aidan, exclaiming over his unexpected visit.
Aidan pointed to the kitchen table. “Please, all of you sit down.” He glanced at me. I was leaning against the counter. “Victor, you sit, too.” He waited for us to all get situated and said, “Mina, Ben, and Andi, your father had a secret. That secret killed both your parents.”
As expected, the Swensons reacted with shock. Ben was the loudest, “WHAT are you talking about?”
Andi fired off at Ben and Mina, “I TOLD you guys there was something fishy about Mom and Dad’s deaths, but no—you guys wouldn’t listen.”
Ben fired back, “You don’t know anything! You think sneaking around and listening...”
Aidan interrupted, “Kids, your father was a protector. He defended the people in this city. Your parents weren’t killed in an accident. They were murdered….”
Andi broke in, “I knew it!”
Ben shushed Andi impatiently, “Quit butting in, Ms. Psychic. Let the man speak.”
Mina ignored her siblings, she fixed her attention on Aidan, “Why weren’t we told the truth if they were,” she paused and swallowed visibly, her voice quavered over the next word, “murdered, and why are you telling us now? I don’t get it; how is Victor involved? He just rented a room from us yesterday. How do you even know him, Uncle Aidan? You say my father was a protector and defender of the people in Salt Lake City. He was in law enforcement?” She kept her entire focus on Aidan, not looking at anyone else. Something in her voice quieted her brother and sister. They all looked at Aidan expectantly.
Aidan took off his glasses and rubbed his eyes, and then his whole face as he thought about what to say. He raised his hand in a staying gesture toward Mina—wordlessly telling her he’d answer in his own way. He turned to me. “Victor, can you gear up? I think it’ll help them understand.”
I stood up and moved to the open center of the kitchen. “Azam-shay.” In an instant, I was in my helmet and leathers, Sanguinis in my arms. I saw astonishment on Mina’s face—and a flash of another emotion—before she looked down at her hands clasped on the table. Ben and Andi shouted in unison, “Holy Shit!”
“Please ,Victor, now call your spear.”
“Obex.” Sanguinis was replaced by my spear.
The leprechaun stood up and walked to the counter and grabbed a large carving knife from a wooden cutlery holder. He handed it to me. “Please, show them how sharp Obex is.”
I moved my hand to just below the spear head and used Obex like a whittling knife. I sliced through the steel carving knife like it was made of cardboard. The top half of the carving blade landed on the ground. Mina, Ben, and Andi watched in silent fascination.
“Now, please get back into your regular clothes.”
“Azam-shay.” Back in my civilian clothes, I handed the bottom half of the carving knife to Ben, hilt first. I leaned against the counter, arms folded across my chest.
He picked up the piece that was attached to the hilt and tapped the blade with his fingers. He repeated himself, “Holy Shit!” Once he was satisfied it was made out of real steel he laid it next to Mina’s hands. She didn’t move to pick it up. She didn’t seem impressed. Andi reached down and gingerly picked up the top half of the blade like it was alive and might bite her.
Expressions of shock, anger, confusion, and fear flickered across Andi’s face. She suddenly exclaimed, “How in the heck did Vic DO THAT? Did my dad know how to do stuff like that? Oh my God, did my dad wear leather pants? Uncle Aidan, why didn’t you tell us about our parents earlier?”
Aidan had an expression of deep regret on his face. He sat down again, and reached over to touch her hand. “Your father was a warrior in a hidden war, and just knowing about that war is potentially dangerous. If you kids learned too much, you’d be recruited to fight and your parents wanted to avoid that for you. I promised them I’d keep you safe. I’m telling you now because you all have to leave Salt Lake City today, for your own safety.”
Ben and Andi cried out in unison, “WHAT!” Andi stared at Aidan in astonished disbelief.
“Your lives are in danger. There’s a chance the creatures that killed your mother and father will attack this house tonight.”
The younger Swensons both started speaking at once. Their voices became a babble that had no meaning; Aidan couldn’t respond. I had enough. I slammed my hand against the counter and the sharp report echoed through the high ceilinged room. “KNOCK IT OFF!” Everyone stared at me and the cacophony stopped. I pointed at Ben and Andi, “You two, listen.” I could feel their wills clash with mine. They had power too, but I was much stronger. Ben and Andi stopped talking.
I almost lost my train of thought when I realized I was using magic—my will, to make them pay attention to me. I wondered how many times in the past I’d used magic without knowing it. To what degree was charisma and the ability to wordlessly intimidate due to magic? The question was interesting, but I had more pressing matters to deal with.
In the quiet, Aidan slowly made eye contact with Andi, Ben, and finally, Mina. “Your father was a paladin. He protected Salt Lake City from creatures from other dimensions.” He nodded toward Mina. “Like law enforcement, or perhaps more accurately, border patrol—just not against humans. Your parents were killed by trolls. Now Victor has taken your father’s place as the paladin.” I heard Mina’s sharp intake of breath, but her attention remained on Aidan.
Andi became the perfect picture of a disaffected teen. She slouched in her chair, arms crossed, and spoke in a sullen undertone, “Trolls—you’re talking about trolls. Like in ‘Billy Goat Gruff’ trolls?” She rolled her eyes. “Geez, Uncle Aidan, give me a break! We’re not kids. Tell us a story we can believe. Besides, I can’t leave. I’ve got a job, I’ve have cheer practice, and there’s no way I’m changing schools.” Andi glared at me. “All my friends, my whole life is here.”
Aidan, his face filled with caring and sorrow, looked at her without saying a word. The silence lasted long enough to become uncomfortable. She was on the verge of squirming when he spoke, “Lass, I’m sorry but magic and monsters do exist. Vicious trolls killed your parents. Haven’t you just seen Victor do impossible things; things that can’t be explained any other way except by magic?” Aidan paused until Andi reluctantly nodded. He glanced over at Ben and Mina with a brow raised until they also murmured agreement, “Now, I’ve made arrangements for you to stay in Boise. As for how long, I’m afraid I just don’t know; I wish I could say something more comforting. Victor and I will be staying here until the trolls have been neutralized, but I don’t know long that will take, either. You may never be able to come back to this house.”
Andi’s defiant face softened; she obviously had deep feelings for the leprechaun. She uncrossed her arms and reached for his hand again. “Uncle Aidan, how dangerous is it going to be for you?”
I was grateful Aidan had taken charge of breaking the news. I had no idea what I’d have said to Mina. I wondered if he was going to tell about the home ownership situation or if he’d wait until later. This conversation reminded me why I liked working alone.
Aidan responded to Andi’s question, “It doesn’t look good, my dear. That’s why you have to leave.”
Ben stood up abruptly, his chair crashing into the wall. He shouted, “This is bullshit! You’re telling me the freaks that killed my parents are coming and I have to run? FUCK THAT! I’m staying here to take them out.”
It’d been decades since I last cared what another person thought. Until now, I hadn’t bothered to consider how I would react if I had been told to run from the things that had killed my parents. I put a hand over my mouth to hide my grin. When I was Ben’s age, I wasn’t nearly as mellow as I am now.
Aidan shook his head. “Ben, you have no idea how much time and training is required before you can fight minions. You’ll be a liability. If you stay, we’ll have to expend time and energy protecting you that would be better spent on other things. Please, you have to listen to reason.”
Andi stood up, hands on her hips. “If Ben’s staying, so am I!”
Mina looked at me for the first time since Aidan had started his explanations. I saw tears shimmering in her sky blue eyes. I couldn’t believe how easily I was distracted by her looks. “Vic, you haven’t said a word. What do you think? Should we leave?”
Shit! Now I had to deal with a crying woman. I tried to take the easy way out, “Aidan has a lot more experience than me when it comes to trolls. I’ve been on the job for just a few days. He’s been in the business for your entire life and beyond. You should listen to him.”
Mina wiped angrily at the tears now running down her cheeks and swore, “Victor, you didn’t answer my goddamned question!” Her Viking heritage became clear. She wasn’t crying out of fear; she was enraged. “My parents were MURDERED and the things that killed them, those—creatures, trolls, or whatever the hell they are, need to DIE! Do you understand that? I’m asking you again: what do you think?”
I had to fight to hide my smile. Mina crying because she was afraid was a turn-off. Mina the avenging fury from hell was intriguing. I watched Ben and Andi try to help. Ben went to one side and began to pat her awkwardly on the shoulder while Andi stood on her other side, soothingly rubbing her arm. I didn’t want the responsibility of making life and death decisions about Mina and her family. But I’d been asked a direct question and she deserved the truth. Besides, the more the leprechaun talked, the more I realized I disagreed with his plans. Aidan Cahill didn’t think like a fighter. He was letting the enemy control his actions. He was reacting to the Jotunn instead of anticipating them. “Aidan, other than me, are any of the other paladins or Oath Brothers armed with guns?”
Aidan shook his head. I could tell he didn’t know where I was going. “No.”
I locked gazes with the woman I was fated to love. This time I didn’t bother hiding my smile. She was starting to grow on me. “If you stay, there’s a good chance you’ll die along with me and Aidan. But if you stay, I don’t think you’ll be useless. It takes years of training to be any use with the weapons Aidan is used to—sword and shield. It takes, at most, a few hours to learn how to use a shotgun or rifle. I’ve killed a troll. They’re tough but not invincible. With the right weapons, I’m sure you can kill one.”
“The upside of going to Boise is that life for you will be fairly normal—school, job, marriage, and family like every other Joe Schmoe. If you stay with me, regardless of whether you live or die, things are going to change, and not for the better. Die on the job fighting the trolls, you’ll go to heaven. Forget what you think you know about heaven; it sucks. If you live—Aidan, correct me if I’m wrong—you’ll eventually become members of the Oath Brotherhood. This means you have to follow orders for the rest of your lives. A lot of those orders will be bullshit.”
Mina shrugged dismissively, “It’s a simple choice; my parent’s killers need to die. The rest is just details.”
Now Aidan sounded angry, “Victor, this is unacceptable!”
“Aidan, you’ve known the Swensons all their lives. I’ve only known them for a couple of days, but it sounds like I have more respect for them than you do. At the very least, Mina and Ben deserve to be treated like adults.” My expression didn’t change when Andi flipped me off. “Trying to scare them isn’t going to work. They deserve a real choice—go to Boise and live free, normal, and independent lives, or fight back and choose to take orders forever.” I walked up to Mina and took both her hands in mine, “Listen Mina, if my parents were murdered, I’d want payback. But revenge has a steep price. Stay and there’s a good chance you’ll die. Even if you live, it’s still going to suck.”
Mina slowly nodded up at me. She squeezed my hands to tell me she got what I was saying without understanding all the details. Her decision was made. Her voice was low as she said, “I appreciate you telling me the truth.” I picked up the signal that had we been alone she’d do more than squeeze my hands. It was a tempting thought.
Ben no longer looked like he was about to explode. His expression was thoughtful, but I could see beads of sweat forming on his brow. He was starting to grasp the shit that was coming his way. He righted his chair then slowly sat down. Andi looked confused, and did the same. 
Ben had cooled down, but now Aidan was furious. “Victor, we don’t have time to debate this. The children have to leave today. I promised their parents I’d keep them safe.”
I let go of Mina and faced Aidan, “Ben and Mina are no longer children. Even Andi is old enough to have a say in one of the most important decisions of her life. You don’t have the right to protect them from their own decisions. Their parents didn’t have the right to ask you to do that for them. Also, I think you’re wrong about the Jotunn attacking tonight. I’ll bet you it’ll be weeks to months before they attack us.”
“What are you talking about? Of course they’ll attack us!”
“Aidan, you’ve been saying all day that these minions aren’t acting normally. It’s clear that in the last year they’ve changed their MO. In the past, the trolls would have stayed in one city attacking the paladin until they killed him or he killed them. That’s all changed. They’re now striking at random, moving from city to city, and they don’t fight to the last man. Tell me if I’m wrong, but until this year did minions ever attack Brothers?”
You can tell a lot about a person by the way he reacts when he’s furious. I wondered if Aidan, as an Oath Brother, had the same compulsion to tell the truth. In the last few days, he’d impressed me as being levelheaded, but I’d never seen him tested. When you’re pissed, it’s natural to reject everything. I waited for a lie or a misleading truth. I saw him start to answer and reconsider a couple of times. Reluctantly, he said, “Except in cases where the local paladin is dead and the Brothers are standing guard, it’s unheard of for minions to attack Oath Brothers. You’re right, the Jotunn haven’t been acting like they should.”
I was surprised at how relieved I was when Aidan told the unvarnished truth. I guess I really wanted to like him, maybe even trust him. Mina had asked me for my opinion, but my armorer was the one I wanted to convince. I needed his willing, unconditional support. “They’re not going to attack us because we’ll be prepared and waiting. They’re going to attack another city, hundreds of miles from here, where the local paladin and brotherhood have gotten complacent. I’ve heard you talking to Brothers from four different cities today. None of those cities got hit twice. The trolls are no longer going for the quick kill. They’re slowly bleeding their victims to death.
“You said it yourself; as long as a city is under threat the local paladin and Oath Brotherhood can’t send help to other cities. If multiple paladins and hundreds of Brothers banded together, the Jotunn would have a fair fight. The leader of the Jotunn is smart enough to realize fair fights are for losers.
“You brought up the possibility the Jotunn were breaking through thresholds by going berserk. Berserkers can’t think clearly enough to retreat. Up in Boise, three of the Jotunn died, but the rest retreated. To predict what the Jotunn will do we should be looking at what they’ve been doing over the last year, and in the last year they’ve always attacked without warning.”
Stubbornly, Aidan shook his head. “I promised Paul, I’d protect his family. You made some good points Victor, but what happens if you’re wrong and the trolls attack tonight? There’s too much risk.”
Mina lifted her chin at the leprechaun, “So, if I refuse to go to Boise, are you going to force me up there against my will?”
It looked like Aidan had a million things he wanted to say to her. I could see him consider all those things, and decide against saying any of them as he met her stare. Finally, he spread his hands in defeat, and in an exhausted voice said, “No, lass, I’ll not.”
“Aidan, what if Mina and Ben stay here and Andi goes to Boise? Will that work?”
The leprechaun was about to answer when Andi broke in heatedly, “No way Victor! If Mina and Ben are staying, so am I.” She faced her brother and sister as they turned to her. “No way, forget about it, we can’t be separated.”
From the expressions on Mina’s and Ben’s faces, they weren’t so sure. I didn’t have time to listen to them argue about Andi. “Sorry guys, but I need to ask Aidan a couple of questions now.” The Swensons turned on me like a pack of dogs on a strange mutt. Their wills merged and became one message, ‘Who the fuck are you to interrupt?’
My answer was as silent as their question, ‘The biggest, baddest alpha dog you’ll ever meet. You do not want to piss me off.’ I could tell they received my unspoken answer. They weren’t afraid or intimidated, but they became wary as they looked at each other in disbelief, wondering if they could trust what had just happened. As I turned away, I thought I saw Mina grin. “Aidan, is there any chance of us getting more AA-12 shotguns by tonight?”
He shook his head. “I modified Sanguinis by inputting specific dimensions into a spell. I could make an AA-12 by hand but it would take two weeks for each one.”
“How much ammo do we have?”
“The Thorgrins promised three thousand buckshot rounds by noon today, the rest will come over the next two days.”
“Good. I’m going to pick up some shotguns. I’ll let you guys figure out who’s going to stay or leave. Everyone who is staying in town needs to learn how to shoot, so meet me at the store at 1 p.m. Aidan, that includes you and Tim.”
I walked out of the house before someone could ask me a question or offer to come along. I’d had enough socializing.

Chapter 15: Run Away
I immediately drove to the closest Wal-Mart and used cash to buy a pre-paid cell phone. B said that I couldn’t ‘tell’ a lie but he also said the heavenly bureaucracy was filled with incompetents. It’s a rare bureaucrat that fixes a problem that isn’t in his face. I bet the paladin compulsions had been set before literacy was common—maybe before writing was invented. From what I had been able to gather, most paladins were tight-assed Dudley Do-Rights who would never dream of committing a crime or using a fake identity. I used one of my disposable identities, Max Luger, on the application for the phone. I didn’t vomit or even feel nauseated when I wrote his name. It looked like everything that wasn’t forbidden was permitted.
After I got back in my truck, while still in the parking lot, I dialed 1-777-451-7895 using the pre-paid cell.
“Yeah.”
I recognized Drew’s voice. I said, “Chris?”
“You got the wrong number.”
“Is your number 1-777-451-7995?”
“No, I’m at 7895.”
“Okay.”
I hung up the pre-paid cell phone and then used my phone to make a new email account at 451Chris7995@gmailcom. The password was Sirhc7995; Chris spelled backwards with the last four digits of the wrong phone number I had given Drew. After I created the account, I saved a draft copy of an email message that had the GPS coordinates of my house and the words, “Nineteen, need FA 50.” The Federal Government can read, filter, and analyze every email that goes through a US based server. Draft emails that aren’t sent can’t be intercepted.
Next, I used my phone to look up the numbers of every gun shop in the area. I had to call six stores before I found the two that carried the shotgun I wanted. The first store had three Mossberg 930 SPX Home Defense auto-loading shotguns in stock and the second had two. I could have waited to buy the guns until it was clear how many of the Swensons stayed. I thought the chances of any of the Swensons leaving were slim to none.
I got funny looks from the gun shop clerks when I bought all the Mossberg 930s they had, but they didn’t have a reason to refuse the sales. I also bought one thousand 12 gauge three-inch buckshot shells, a bunch of paper targets, six ear muffs and safety glasses, and five padded canvas bags to carry the shotguns. The ammo came in five cardboard cartons, and the clerk let me borrow a dolly to get it all out to my truck.
I had a half hour for lunch and was looking for a fast food place when I saw a sign for Chuck-A-Rama, an all-you-can-eat buffet. The name made me laugh, so I pulled into the parking lot. The food was exactly what you’d expect from the name. There are times when you just want the basics—a heap of meat, potatoes, and a few overcooked vegetables on the side. As usual since I’d become a paladin, I was starving. I wolfed down four plates of barbecued spareribs, Polish dogs in sauerkraut, and chuck wagon beans in twenty minutes, and then pulled out my phone and logged into the Gmail account I had created earlier. My draft email had been deleted and replaced with another, ‘1 1800.’ Drew was planning on arriving tomorrow at 6 p.m.
I was putting my phone away when, from the corner of my eye, I saw a figure sitting across from me. Anyone good enough to sneak up on me was dangerous. My muscles tensed, ready for a fight until I realized it was B.
He guffawed, “A bit high-strung, Vic? For a second there, I thought you were going to piss your pants.”
A solid wood restaurant table, if used correctly, can be a deadly weapon. B was sitting across from me. I visualized flipping the table on its side and then using the full weight of my body to smash it into B’s head and upper chest. The trick is to knock your target flat on his back and then repetitively slam the edge of the table onto him until he’s unconscious or dead. I was sitting at a table built to sit two. It probably weighed forty pounds. I imagined the table smashing into his nose and his two small cheek bones. I could see the small, thin bones of his nose and cheeks implode. I imagined pulling the table back up again then aiming for his jaw; it would probably shatter into pieces. A couple of his perfect ivory teeth would embed themselves into the table’s edge. Finally, I’d slam the table onto his neck and crush his throat. The thought of standing over him watching him slowly suffocate made me smile.
B’s body language changed; he didn’t appear as relaxed but he still seemed amused. “Thinking about good times, Vic?”
Imagining what I wanted to do to him put me in a better mood, “Yeah, I am. So B, what brings you here?”
He lost his happy face and looked serious, “I just found out that a whole passel of shit is headed your way. If you don’t play it right, I’m headed back to the Eastern Front.”
I dropped my grin. This didn’t sound good. “How’s that bad for me?”
“I head back into combat when you’re dead.”
I met his eyes. “So, what’s up?”
“Heavenly politics—there’s a faction in the bureaucracy that wants Jehovah to stop playing defense. Bureaucracies are like septic tanks; the biggest globs always float to the top. There’s a war faction led by Samael, one of the biggest chunks in the Hosts of Heaven. He thinks it’s ridiculous that Jehovah isn’t taking over other dimensions. He wants to set up a hot war with another pantheon. Guess which?”
I sighed, “The Norse.”
“You got it. According to Samael, the Nordic Gods are a perfect target. They control eight dimensions, they don’t have that many troops, and they’re not united. Samael thinks Earth is getting overcrowded, so he wants to start a human breeding program in these other dimensions.”
B looked contemptuous. “The Jotunn didn’t get smart on their own. They were manipulated into forming a warband and they’re being fed intel. The trolls here are simple Mythic Heroes. They’re meant to be pawns and don’t know the rules of engagement. An argument could be made that by banding together as a group and taking on paladins with overwhelming force they’ve already broken the treaty between the Nordic Gods and Jehovah. In the last year, two paladins and hundreds of Oath Brothers have been killed in the Mountain West. If a few more paladins go down, things are going to get uglier, real fast.”
“Samael’s an archangel, right?”
“Yeah.”
“So are you. Can’t you intervene?”
B shook his head. He was a mirror image of me a minute ago. I could see him imagining something pleasant. “Back in the day before things got complicated, I could have bitch slapped him until he wised up. Angelic duels are now forbidden. You have to understand—pretty much every single believer in Jehovah, Yaweh, and Allah becomes an angel. One on one, I can take the prissy little girly-girl, but Samael has millions of angels that follow his orders.”
B’s feral grin turned pensive, almost nostalgic, “A couple thousand years ago I had more troops than he did. Now I have none. They’re all dead.” He shook his head almost as if he was shaking off his thoughts like a dog shakes off water, and resumed his customary amused expression, “I tried to set up a meeting with the son-of-a-bitch. His administrative assistant gave me an appointment ten years from now.”
“So what does this mean for me?”
“What this means is the Jotunn warband knows you ain’t got jackshit; they’re going to attack tonight. You stay with your current plan, you’re dead meat.”
Fuck! “And how do you know this?”
B put his hands up apologetically, “I got my sources.”
“Who’s giving the trolls the info on us?”
“I wish I could tell you.”
“Fuck! You’re certain. The trolls are going to attack us tonight?”
“Yeah.”
“Got any suggestions?”
B leaned back in his chair and dramatically blew out a big sigh. “Like I told you before, there are rules. You have to make your own plans. I can’t help you that way.”
I didn’t buy his sorry-ass excuse, “So what’s going on with Samael? He’s got to be breaking rules. He’s helping minions kill paladins and trying to start a war and you can’t do shit?”
B didn’t try to hide his thoughts. I saw him consider whether or not to blow me off. “Samael is a scheming, conniving, underhanded chunk of crap floating in raw sewage, but he was smart enough not to rebel. Jehovah is a pretty good boss. You give him loyalty and he’s okay with a couple fuckups here and there. The Bible is right. He’s into forgiveness, especially if you’re trying to increase his power and dominion. When Samael gets caught—and he will—he’ll get his hand slapped for wasting a few paladins. The Nordic Gods won’t have a prayer if the war gets hot. His reward for bringing eight new Universes under Jehovah’s control will more than make up for his punishment.” He shrugged. “With the advantage of hindsight, especially after a big, fat steaming load landed on my head, I can tell you that rebelling didn’t turn out so good. Like I said before, I’m on the Beloved Leader’s shit list; if I walk off the straight and narrow, my ass is grass. Right now, I can give you advice to partially offset the intel that the Jotunn are getting from Samael, but nothing else.”
Thoughts spun and twisted in my head. I had been so confident that I’d have time to prepare. “How good is the Jotunn’s intelligence? If I leave town, will they know?”
“They’ve got real time info of where you are.”
“Will they know how we’re armed?”
“Probably not, I can’t see Samael’s spy caring much, one way or the other.”
“What city within driving distance is best set up to fight the raiders?”
B raised one eyebrow. “Victor, you surprise me; I never saw you as the self-sacrificing kind. Of the cities in easy driving distance, Boise is probably the best defended. If you have help, there’s an itsy-bitsy chance of survival. Without help, you’ll have a snowball’s chance in hell. Using firearms is a nifty idea. The more guns you have the better your chances.” He flashed a grin, “Or should I say, the better our chances. You know as long as Salt Lake City is being threatened you can’t leave, right?”
“What if I was unconscious and transported while I was out?”
My guardian angel gave a surprised snort, “I’ve never heard of anyone trying that.” He stared into the distance. I could almost hear the gears grinding in his head. He mumbled, “If you weren’t conscious, the nausea wouldn’t hit you. With the Jotunn following you up to Boise, you’d have an imminent threat to your life. Your compulsions would probably let you fight when you got there. Yeah, it could work.”
“Can the Jotunn travel during the day?”
“If they shapeshift to human or animal form, yeah.”
“How do you think they’ll chase us?”
“Traditionally, they’d turn into some sort of hawk or a crow and fly, but it’d take ten hours for a bird to fly the three hundred and forty miles from Salt Lake City to Boise. Most of the warband has been here for a couple years. They’ll be a few who’ll know how to drive; driving would be a lot faster.”
“You think they’d attack us during daylight?”
“They’re a hell of a lot more powerful in their Jotunn form than in any other shape. Nope, I can’t see them attacking in any other shape; they’ll attack at night.”
I had a lot to do and not much time. “Thanks, B. I’ll see you later.” I paid the cashier on the way out, got into my truck and headed directly to the store.
When I got to the store at 1:15 p.m. a sign was posted on the door, ‘Closed until further notice.’ Again, I felt the door unlock when I grabbed the handle. Everyone, including Tim, was waiting for me in the target room. “Sorry about being late guys. I’ve received information that changes everything. The trolls are still in town and if we stay we’re going to be attacked. If we had time to prepare we could take them, but we can’t right now. We have to get to Boise before nightfall.”
Everyone began to speak at once. The resulting confusion made it impossible for anyone to be heard. It took a couple tries, but Aidan finally was able to speak without anyone else trying to break in, “Victor, as the Paladin of Salt Lake City you can’t leave. As Oath Brothers, Tim and I can’t leave either.”
“I’ve got an idea on how to work around that.” I caught my true love’s eye, “Mina, I promise I’ll explain later when we have time. I know I keep asking you to be patient, but we have to get to Boise before it gets dark. I need you, Ben, and Andi to head home now and get packed. Limit yourselves to one piece of luggage. I want to leave in forty-five minutes.”
Mina met my gaze calmly, but I could see that she was going to hold me to my promise of a detailed explanation in the near future. “Tim drove us here. We’re going to need a ride back.”
“Tim, can you drive them back? Aidan and I have to talk.”
Tim began flapping his hands like he was trying to fly like a hummingbird, “Oh my God, Mr. Paladin! We can leave? I was sure we were going to die!” When he ran over with tears of happiness rolling down his face, I grabbed his shoulder with my elbow locked straight to prevent him from hugging me. I’d let him cry against my chest before because I hadn’t been expecting it. I wasn’t about to let him rub his snot on me again.
For a second, we stood frozen an arm’s length apart, Tim yearning for me like a kid grasping for candy being held just out of reach. I could see Mina biting her lip not to laugh. Ben and Andi were silently giggling so hard their bodies shook. Mina put her arm around the crying apprentice’s shoulder with a murmured “Let’s go, Tim” and led him away from me and out the door. Ben and Andi followed.
“How are we going to leave Salt Lake?” The leprechaun was skeptical.
“We’re going to cast spells on ourselves so we’re asleep. Then the Swensons will drive us to Boise while we’re unconscious.”
“That’s im…but when we wake, we’ll be forced to come right back.”
“I’m pretty sure the Jotunn will be following us. We’ll time our arrival in Boise to just before nightfall. When we wake up, they’ll be right on our ass. I’m going to need you to get in touch with the Boise Paladin and Brotherhood so we can arrange a warm welcome for them.”
Aidan looked stunned, and then laughed in relief. “Victor, that may well work.”
“We’ll need a spell to put us to sleep.”
“There are any number of them we can use.” He thought for a moment and then smiled. “I have just the one that’ll keep us asleep until we’re attacked, or until someone speaks the wake-up phrase.”
“What is it?”
“I can write it down for you.”
I shook my head, “It’d be better if you teach me the principle behind the spell. We’re going to need every advantage we can get. I have to be able to figure out how to cast spells on my own.”
Aidan got down to business. “Magic is the act of imposing your will upon the Universe. You have to have an absolutely fixed and clear idea of what you want, and then will it to happen. Words and specific ingredients help focus your mind but that’s all they really do. The sleep spell I think will be best for us has the following three commands; we will go into a deep restful sleep, we’ll awake if we’re in danger or at risk of being harmed, and a specific phrase will wake us up immediately. The usual phrase is ‘excito sursum.’ This is pivotal Victor. Your intent or what you desire the spell to accomplish is more important than the actual words you use.” He carefully studied my face to make sure I was listening and then went on, “Right now as a beginner, I think it’s a good idea for you to use a different language for all your spells. You don’t want to cast a spell by accident. After you gain enough experience, you’ll be able to cast spells by thought alone.”
“How do I heal myself?”
He nodded. “Indeed. You’ll need to learn how to do that as well. Every time you cast a spell, your soul is damaged. To be safe, before you cast a healing spell, you must first know how healthy your soul is at that moment, and then how much of your soul you’ll burn in the casting. Sleep spells don’t take much energy; for low power spells like those you don’t need a soul gauge, but for more powerful spells like healing spells, a soul gauge will help keep you from burning all your soul.”
“Let me get this straight, by soul gauge you mean something like a power bar on a cell phone that tells you how much battery life you have left?”
“That it is. Casting too many spells—burning all of your soul, will lead to eternal death. Destroy your soul and you won’t rise as an angel”
“Okay, tell me if I’ve got it right; to get a soul gauge I need to visualize a power bar. Only I can see to how healthy my soul is, correct?”
“That’s true”
“I’m going to give myself a soul gauge now.”
Aidan inclined his head in agreement.
“I-ay ant-way a-ay ower-pay ar-bay or-fay y-may oul-say.” A mostly green, translucent power bar with a sliver of red at one end appeared in the corner of my right eye. I felt pretty good. I wasn’t tired and my mind was clear.
“Excellent, that was perfectly cast. Now, you must be able to see how much of your soul you’ll use up before you cast a spell. This protection spell has two parts…”
“Aidan, I think I know how the protection spell works.”
He waved me on, “By all means, proceed.”
“To figure out how much power a spell will use, I have to first say the spell but then delay the actual casting until I know how much of my soul will be used up. I’ll have to come up with a word or phrase that will trigger the actual spell casting. And unlike the soul gauge spell, the protection spell will use a lot of power.”
“Victor my boy, it’s a pleasure teaching you.”
“Is there any reason not to cast the protection spell now?”
“No.”
“I-ay ant-way a-ay otection-pray ell-spay at-thay ill-way ell-tay e-may ow-hay uch-may of-ay y-may oul-say ill-way e-bay used-ay up-ay y-bay any-ay uture-fay ell-spay I-ay ast-cay. Y-may elease-ray ase-phray ill-way e-bay ake-it-so-may.” A third of my soul gauge turned red. I felt like I had downed half a fifth of scotch in one gulp. If I hadn’t prepped myself I would have fallen. When Aidan came to support me, I motioned him away. I had a headache from hell.
Aidan kept his distance, but he still sounded concerned, “Victor, you’re hypoglycemic. Some food is what you’re needing to take care of your headache. There’s orange juice and candy bars up in the kitchen. Get some of that in you and you’ll soon feel better.”
I stumbled out the door and started up the stairs. If I hadn’t kept my grip on the railing, I wouldn’t have made it. After downing two large glasses of OJ and three Snickers bars, I felt human again, and wanted the answer to my original question, “So, how does a healing spell work?”
“There’s many a way. The simplest is to record a metaphysical image of yourself when you’re rested and healthy. If you’re injured or sick, you’ll cast the spell to revert to your original healthy baseline. The amount of power that’s necessary is dependent upon the severity of your injuries. Don’t record you image now; you’d best wait until your soul is fully recovered.”
“How much power does it take to record the baseline?”
“Not much, about the same as soul gauge spell.”
“Will the heal spell work against poison?”
“As long as the poison hasn’t been magically enhanced. If it has, it depends on who’s more powerful—you or the person who enhanced the poison.”
“What if I need to be healed, but don’t have enough power to survive the healing spell? Is there way to just heal myself partially—just enough to keep myself alive?”
“Excellent question, my lad. The best way to do that is to make individual baseline images of your vital body parts so you can just heal those areas, as needed.” I made a mental note to myself to record baseline images of the Swensons the next time I saw them.
There was so much more I wanted to know about spells. I could have easily spent a couple more days asking Aidan questions on how to perform magic. I was curious how he had enchanted the pendant I had used earlier today. As usual, I didn’t have time. “Aidan, I need to talk to the Boise Paladin. You have his number? What’s his name?”
Aidan pulled out his phone and showed me the Paladin’s name, Bill Samson, and his number. I called Bill on my phone. The Paladin picked up on the first ring, “Yes?” His voice reminded me of Darth Vader—deep and calm and full of implied menace. I pictured a guy the size of a pro linebacker.
“I’m looking for Bill Samson.”
“This is he.”
“I’m Victor Paladin. Aidan Cahill gave me your number. Don’t know if you’ve heard, but I do what you do in Salt Lake City.”
There was silence for a few moments, but when he answered his voice was still relaxed. I couldn’t hear any evidence of excitement or surprise. “I hadn’t heard.”
“That’s not surprising; I started just a couple days ago. I wanted to give you a heads up. I’m headed up to your neck of the woods tonight and I plan on bringing trouble along with me.”
“Interesting, tell me more.”
“We’ve been having the same problems with the same bunch of riff-raff you’ve had. I’ve learned they have real time intel of what the local defense forces are doing. If I tell you everything now, there’s a chance the riff-raff won’t be surprised. I’ll tell you more when I call later tonight. It’d be good if you and your men are ready when I call.”
“I’m looking forward to our next conversation.”
I ended the phone call feeling slightly better. I had just told Samson that trolls were coming his way; the last time it hadn’t worked out all that well for his men. He hadn’t said much or done more than stay calm and collected during our conversation. I don’t know why, but I got the sense he was looking for some payback.
Movies and books are filled with reluctant heroes; warriors who hate to fight but are good at it. Like most things in movies and books, it’s complete bullshit. Show me a Hall of Fame baseball player who hates baseball, a Nobel Prize winning scientist who hates science or composer who hates music. But no—fighters have to be different; they have to be reluctant—yeah, right. I try not to lie to myself. I hoped my instincts were correct—that it wasn’t just wishful thinking that Samson was as good as I needed him to be.
Aidan interrupted my train of thought, “I’ve been meaning to tell you, one thousand shotgun rounds are ready to be picked up. Shall we drop by the Thorgrin Warehouse on the way out of town?”
A few hours ago the answer to this question would have been a no-brainer. You can never have too much ammo in a firefight. “Aidan, you’ve known the Swensons since they were little. Do any of them know how to shoot?”
“I think not. Their father owned no guns, and I’ve not heard of any of them ever doing any shooting. I’ve not used a firearm before, either. Tim used to hunt with his family when he was younger.”
The Jotunn had spies getting them real time info on us. If an angel was helping them, we were screwed. I couldn’t see how I’d be able to take out an angel. I had to believe it was an Oath Brother or one of the Swensons—a spy I had a chance against. What did I really know about any of them? I couldn’t even be sure of Mina, my one true love. People hurt the ones they love every day.
Only Tim knew how to shoot. Even if he wasn’t a traitor, there was no way I wanted him behind me with a loaded weapon. Even if none of them were traitors, did I want any kind of noob behind me with a shotgun? There wasn’t much of a practical difference between being shot from behind by an enemy on purpose, versus shot from behind by an idiot by accident. As much as I needed backup, my reluctant answer was no. “Aidan, we’ll leave the ammo behind. Let’s go. We’re losing daylight.”

Chapter 16: Road Trip
Tim and the others were ready to go, waiting in the kitchen when Aidan and I got to the house. The leprechaun had been planning to stay the night at our place and his bags had never been removed from the van. I grabbed the shotguns and training ammo I’d bought and ran them to my bedroom. I’d been living out of luggage the last few days. All I had to do was grab my toothbrush and razor and zip up my luggage.
I needed backup and the best place to get it was Boise. A year ago, there were hundreds of Oath Brothers in Salt Lake City. Yesterday, there had been five. Now, there were two. If Salt Lake City was an example of a cluster fuck, Boise was the shining ideal. The Paladin there and most of his Oath Brothers were still alive. My best bet was to get my ass to Boise as soon as possible. They probably had someone spying on them, too. Somehow, they’d been able to keep their mole under control.
On my way downstairs a thought occurred to me. Aidan wasn’t around; Tim was in the kitchen, “Hey Tim, there’s got to be a way to track the trolls, right?”
“If there is, we haven’t been able to find it. The problem is that it’s easier to magically hide than find. All of the Jotunn have power and some of them are very strong—too strong for any of us, even you, to track them.” Tim’s expression grew even more morose. “It makes no sense at all that the Jotunn are able to track us.”
“What do you mean by that?”
Tim raised his hands helplessly, “Mythic Heroes have to be on par with the monsters they’re sent to fight. The Jotunn can’t be that much more powerful than paladins. To be able to scry us, they’d have to be almost as powerful as archangels, but they can’t be and still be Mythic Heroes. What they’re doing should be impossible.”
Fuck! I did not want to hear that. Tim was making it sound like Samael was the mole. I forced my mind back on the problems I could do something about. “Tim, give me the keys to the van. Someone else needs to drive.”
Tim gave me the keys. I locked the back door, picked up my bag and we walked toward the van. The rest of the group was already there. Mina was standing off to the side of the van talking with Andi and Aidan. I couldn’t believe how much I wanted to stop and talk to her. I looked away and threw the keys to Ben. “You’re the designated driver to Boise. You know how to get there?”
Ben looked mildly insulted, “Sure, it’s just I-15 to I-84 straight into Boise.”
I turned to Aidan, “Do we need to put ourselves to sleep now?”
Aidan opened the door of the van, “We should be good until we pass Bountiful. I’d like to stay awake for as long as I can.”
We piled in after him. The van had three bench seats. Ben got in the driver’s seat with Andi riding shotgun. Mina got in before me and was sitting in the second row. When I got in, she gave me a look that told me I’d better sit next to her. I stared longingly at Aidan in the back row; there were so many questions about magic I wanted to ask him. It was almost like she was reading my mind. The look turned into a glare—a promise of hell to come. Nineteen trolls and an archangel wanting to kill me weren’t enough; I also had to deal with a relationship. I wondered if this day could get any better as I sat down next to her.
“What’s going on, Vic?”
I told myself that Mina wasn’t trying to be a pain in the ass. I tried to keep my irritation from having to explain myself from my voice as I spoke quietly near her ear, “Besides the obvious, I can’t tell you. The Jotunn somehow are getting real time intel of what we’re doing. I’m worried if I tell you now, I’m also telling them. When we get to Boise and we have some protection, I’ll explain everything I can.”
Mina’s expression didn’t change, “The Jotunn need to die.”
My anxiety evaporated. We all have blind spots—mine were becoming obvious. I had a hard time believing a beautiful woman wouldn’t be a pain in the ass. This was the second time today that Mina had surprised me. Failing to learn from experience was stupid. If I wanted to maintain my own self-respect, I needed to stop underestimating her. When I replied I didn’t have to hide my feelings, “You and I have the same goal. But in order to get to it, I need to ask Aidan a bunch more questions. I’m not trying to put you off.”
At that moment, Aidan interrupted, “I could not help overhearing that, Victor. You can ask away but first I have some good news.” He scooted forward on his seat until his head was just a foot from Mina’s and mine. “Tim just told me about your previous discussion about tracking the Jotunn. I have been working on that for some time. This morning, I had an idea that I think will work.”
The leprechaun handed Mina an Etch A Sketch. In the center of the screen was a line drawing of our van. “If a group of more than nineteen creatures—animal, human, or in-between—come within twenty miles, even if they’re split between different vehicles, they’ll show up on the screen.”
Tim wedged his head into the conversation. “But will it track the Jotunn?”
Aidan leaned back, “It should. It finds every creature with a heartbeat in a twenty mile radius. If there is a group of nineteen or greater animals following us for more than a couple of miles, they’ll show up on the Etch A Sketch.”
The leprechaun sounded amused as he tapped my shoulder from behind, “Tim, as much as I like being called a genius, if it hadn’t been for Victor here, I never would have gotten the idea to look for a human tech based solution to our scrying problems. His idea to use firearms—modern human technology—made me think of tracking the Jotunn the same way human intelligence agencies would—by their actions. Since we’re looking for them by what they do, rather than who or what they are, we should be able to bypass their defensive spells.”
His apprentice looked confused, “Their actions? Their actions how?”
Aidan was so pleased with himself he actually chortled, “As you well know Tim, all the scrying spells I have taught you work by looking for the target’s soul. The defense spells you know make it difficult to magically home in on a person’s soul. None of the typical defense spells against scrying obscure or hide a person’s actions.
“No matter what shape the Jotunn take, they will have a heartbeat. My spell looks for a group of nineteen or more heartbeats moving in our direction. Most of the groups we pick up won’t be trolls, but better false warnings that than not getting a warning at all. I see no reason why the Jotunn would think to obscure their heartbeats or split up, so it should work.”
Shit! He looked so proud. I could tell the leprechaun had no idea that he’d stepped in it. “Aidan, I was just saying to Mina, there’s a good chance the Jotunn are scrying us now. You’ve just have given them a good reason to obscure their heart beats. Can you modify the spell so it can track them some other way? And for God’s sake man, don’t tell us how you’re doing it!”
Aidan developed a bug-eyed, frozen grimace. He didn’t try to explain, argue, or make excuses. He silently held out his hand to Mina until she handed him the Etch A Sketch. He sat back in his seat. He was completely lost in thought as he gestured and mumbled over the toy.
No one else said a word. I stared out into the distance, mentally exhausted. I didn’t have the energy to make plans for what to do next. I couldn’t believe just four days ago, I had been in control of my own life.
I knew I should be thinking about what to say when I called Boise, but all I could focus on was how close Mina was to me. I was intensely aware of her body next to mine. It bugged me that I didn’t know what I wanted to do. Should I turn and stare at her like a stalker? What did I want to say to her? How about the line, ‘I guess we’re soul mates?’ So what if we were? Did it mean she couldn’t be the mole?
So in the end, all I did was sit and wallow in my emotions like a teenage girl. It was ridiculous how good it felt when Mina placed her hand on mine. Her skin was warm and slightly rough, probably from gardening. She was nervous, too. Her palms were slightly damp. It was starting to sink in how much I wanted her. I didn’t know anything about her. I was old enough to be her father and it still didn’t matter. For the first time in my life, I was feeling the emotions described in every stupid love song. A small voice of reason deep within my brain screamed ‘this is insane!’ The rest of me focused entirely on her hand on top of mine.
I’m not sure if I’ve ever really known what it felt like to be at home. My first memories were growing up in an orphanage dormitory. As an adult, I had always been content to leave one disposable place for another. I’d kissed Mina before; this was the first time our hands had touched—or was it? I couldn’t remember. It was strange and inexplicable and completely irrational, but in the midst of a shit storm, I felt at peace. I couldn’t help it. I trusted her.
I lost track of the time. I was as surprised as everyone else when I stood up abruptly and shouted, “Ben, pull off on the next exit!” We were in Bountiful. I’d wondered what would happen when I reached the boundaries of my prison. I pictured B watching me laughing his ass off. I had been lost in love, and just to make sure it hurt, Joey had reached His Metaphorical Hand up my ass and turned me into a fucking sock puppet again.
In the silence created by my outburst, Aidan chimed in distractedly, “It is going to take a couple minutes to finish the spell. We will need to pull over for a short while.”
Ben pulled off at the exit, stopped at the first gas station, and got out to top off the tank. Tim and Andi got out and headed into the convenience store. Aidan remained behind in the van, lost in his project. I stayed sitting next to Mina. After a few minutes of sitting without either of us saying a word she sighed. She didn’t say anything but somehow I was sure I knew what she was thinking. What the hell were we doing?
I considered telling her we were soul mates destined to fall in love—that when it came to love free will was a joke; on the pro side—it was the truth, on the con—did she really want to know that no matter what she wanted or wished, she had no choice but to love me? If I were her, would I want to know the truth? It occurred to me if the Jotunn killed me—if I became an angel and had my balls cut off, I wouldn’t have to worry about Mina. The thought of a silver lining made me laugh, “Mina, we have a lot on our plates. We need to take care of the trolls first. Let’s go a step at a time and see what happens.”
“Victor…”
From behind us Aidan exclaimed, “It’s finished!”
Without thinking, I stood up. “Great, I’ll get the others.” As always, when it came to Mina Swenson, my first instinct was to flee. Aidan’s interruption gave me the perfect excuse to bail from this conversation. It sucks to find out you’re smaller than you thought you were. I’ve never been nervous about women before. I now understood I’d never previously cared enough to get anxious. It isn’t a big deal to ask a girl out, or make a pass, if you don’t care how it turns out. In the past, the possibility of rejection had never bothered me.
When it came to love, I wasn’t just a coward, I was a cliché; the guy who could handle everything physical but scared to death of anything emotional. Regardless of how it happened, I cared about this girl. What happened to her mattered—the thought of anything happening to her…I didn’t know if I could handle that. Instead of brushing her off, I promised, “Mina, when we have time, we’ll talk.”
Her quick answering smile, and how good it felt to please her made me want to puke on my shoes. It didn’t take long for me to get Ben, Tim, and Andi back in the van.
Aidan looked my way, “Victor, do you remember how to cast the sleep spell on yourself.” I nodded. “Mina, Ben, Andi, if you say ‘excito sursum’ we’ll wake up.”
I made sure everyone could hear, “Mina’s in charge. Wake us up when we get to Boise.”
I had the feeling I was forgetting something but I couldn’t remember what it was. I muttered the sleep spell under my breath.

Chapter 17: Sabotage
When I woke up, I remembered what I had forgotten to do. Drew was on his way to Salt Lake City. I needed to tell him about the change in plans. My head was resting on something that smelled great but was too low for comfort; my neck felt like hell. I opened my eyes. I had been sleeping with my head on Mina’s shoulder. From how stiff my neck was, it must have been for hours.
I sat up slowly and stretched my neck. The van was stopped on the side of the highway. We were still in rural Idaho. We were nowhere close to a major city. Mina’s face was inches away from mine, her expressive eyes intent on me. It wasn’t the time or place for it, but I didn’t care. I was tired of being torn—of wanting her and hating myself for it. I brushed her hair behind her shoulder, lightly placed my hand along her neck, and slowly moved my lips closer to hers. I couldn’t believe how fast my heart raced as I waited for her response. For a second, she froze in surprise. I saw her eyes widen, then close, and then she melted into me.
“Oh my God! Get a room!” I was willing to ignore Andi’s shrill, annoying voice, but Mina wasn’t. As she pushed me away her face came into focus. Her eyes were bright and her face completely flushed. Her dominant expression was embarrassment. I smiled, almost on the verge of laughter. It must have been contagious because she started smiling too.
Tim sounded barely awake, “What’s going on? We’re not in Boise.”
The stress in Andi’s voice was clear, “We’re about an hour away. The check engine light went on a few minutes ago. Right afterwards the engine conked out. Ben’s outside trying to figure out what’s going on.”
It took a possible life-threatening crisis but I was finally able to focus on something besides Mina. My first thought was the van had been sabotaged; my second was to ‘Never attribute to malice that which is adequately ascribed to incompetence9’ or bad luck. Stupidity and bad luck are more common than malice. It didn’t make sense that if we had a traitor, he or she’d try to sabotage our ride, but there was no point in jumping to conclusions before I had the facts. I hadn’t paid much attention to the van before. “Tim, does this van have a diesel or a gas engine?”
“Gas. It’s a 2008 Chevy Express with an E85 flexfuel V8 engine.” I was tempted to ask if he’d kept it serviced but I didn’t. Idiots who don’t change their oil or maintain their vehicles usually won’t admit it. There was no point of asking a question when I couldn’t trust the answer.
The check engine light was on. According to the instrument panel, the oil level and engine temperature were okay. We had a quarter of a tank left.
I got out of the van and the others followed. Ben was standing in front of the open hood looking helpless. Until last year, he’d been the son of a guy pulling down a million a year. The chances were good he didn’t know how to fill up his windshield wiper fluid, much less figure out what was going on with the engine.
The engine was fairly clean. All the fluid levels looked okay, including oil and radiator coolant—the color and consistency of both were good. The battery seemed to be in decent shape. I opened the driver’s side door. “Ben, throw me the keys.”
I turned the ignition to run, just before the start position. I couldn’t hear the fuel pump start. There’s a well known urban myth that pouring sugar into a gas tank will completely destroy the engine. In theory, the sugar dissolves in the gas tank. The heat of a running engine then caramelizes the sugar into a thick impossible-to-remove sludge that causes the engine to seize. The reality isn’t that bad. Sugar doesn’t dissolve in gasoline. Modern fuel filters will almost always catch all of the sugar before it can destroy the fuel pump or fuel injection system.
“Tim, do we have a tool box?”
“Yes. I’ll get it.”
“See if you can get me some rags, too.” I motioned toward Aidan. “There’s a chance someone poured sugar into our gas tank. If that’s the problem, could you use magic to pull the sugar out?” Before he had a chance to answer an obvious question dawned on me. “What’s the chance of a Jotunn using magic to stop our engine?”
“Separating out sugar from gasoline is simple as long as you use the principles of contagion and similarity…”
“Aidan, normally I’d be all kinds of interested, but we don’t have a lot of time. Could magic be used to stop our engine?”
The leprechaun shook his head. “I would know if magic was being used. I am sure it’s not.”
It wasn’t a big deal to remove the circuit relay and pop off the gas cap to depressurize the gas tank and fuel lines. I was crawling underneath the van to get to the fuel filter when I noticed a cigarette pack-sized device that had been attached to the bottom of the van with duct tape. It was a battery operated GPS tracker. They’re not hard to find. You can buy them for about seventy bucks from Amazon.com.
I used a crescent wrench to remove the fuel filter and rags to plug up the fuel lines. The filter was completely fouled up with sugar. “Is-ay ere-thay an-ay audio-ay ug-bay in-ay e-thay an-vay?” My soul gauge came up. My soul hadn’t recovered much from a few hours ago. Half the bar I had left blinked orange. If I used this spell, I’d be wiped.
Tim was right. It was impossible for the Jotunn to use magic to find out where we were and what we were doing. None of the other paladins and Brothers had bothered to check for human tech surveillance equipment. I briefly considered asking Tim or Aidan to look for audio bugs. What were the advantages or disadvantages of allowing the traitor to know I was on to him? Did I want the others to know we were being tracked? There weren’t any clear right or wrong answers to these questions. Fuck it. “Ake-it-so-may.”
The van on top of me became translucent except for a spot underneath the driver’s seat. As I focused on it, the area magnified and I recognized the surveillance devices. One was a UHF Crystal Controlled Transmitter—otherwise known as a wireless microphone—the kind used by musicians or guys like me who wanted a cheap, easy to obtain, high quality audio bug. I even recognized the brand. It was a Shure PG1 Wireless BodyPack Transmitter connected to a microphone. The 9V battery that powered the transmitter usually lasted eight hours. The transmitter had an operational distance of two hundred fifty feet. Last but not least, there was a digital voice recorder. I made a bet with myself that it was voice activated. The van became solid again.
As I expected, I felt like shit. I was glad I was already lying down. Aidan and Tim popped their heads into view. Aidan sounded concerned, “Victor, what did you just do?”
Well, there went any plans I had of keeping what I’d found out undercover. It truly sucked to not know crap about magic. “Let me crawl out and I’ll tell you.”
After I got out from under the van, I didn’t have the energy to stand up. I propped myself into a sitting position—my back against the van and the filter on the ground next to me.
Aidan, like usual, was on top of things. He handed me a couple candy bars and a Coke. When Mina tried to help me up, I didn’t have the strength or the heart to wave her off. The leprechaun placed his hand gently on her shoulder, “Mina, Victor needs to get his blood sugar back up. It is best to let him sit while he eats.”
“Is Victor diabetic?”
Aidan shook his head, “To be sure, he isn’t. He cast an awfully powerful spell. The magical energy, in part, came from his body.”
The others gathered around me as I ate and drank everything that was handed to me. Finally, Tim couldn’t take it anymore, “Victor, why did you cast that spell?”
I took two more bites to finish the last energy bar and thought about my answer as I chewed. I pointed to the filter next to me. “It’s completely clogged up with sugar. Someone poured sugar into our gas tank. There’s also a GPS tracker underneath our van. I wanted to see if there were any other surveillance devices in the van.”
Tim’s face blanched, “What did you find?”
The van doors and windows were closed. The audio microphone shouldn’t be able to pick up my voice, “There’s an audio bug and recorder underneath the driver’s seat.” Aidan looked grim. He wasn’t surprised by my answer. Mina knelt by my side, her face filled with concern. Like always, Tim was on the verge of panic. Ben was in open-mouthed shock; Andi looked scared.
Ben shook his head. His voice was tentative, “One of us sabotaged the van?” He had a firm grasp of the obvious.
I stood up with Mina’s help. I said, “Let’s not jump to conclusions; anyone in our neighborhood or by the store could have planted the surveillance devices.” My words were true but I didn’t believe them. It’d be nice if our traitor thought I was gullible.
Aidan and Tim were armorers, and they had easy access to the van. They made things for a living. If one of them had spent fifteen minutes on the internet or the same amount of time talking to a clerk at a RadioShack, they would have learned how to hook up the GPS tracker and BodyPack Transmitter to the car battery. All it took was a couple of wires and a 12.6 volt to 9 volt resistor. They would have done a better job of hiding the devices.
The fuel intake floats inside the gas tank. This means that gasoline is used from the top down. Sugar sinks in gasoline. Our saboteur had gotten lucky. If we had refueled before we were down to a quarter tank, the sugar wouldn’t have reached the fuel filter.
Someone who hadn’t been much of a planner, who didn’t have much time or easy access to the van was spying for the Jotunn; it had to be one of the Swensons. Was it ditsy Andi, her barely-out-of-childhood brother, my one true love, or all of them together? Mina put her arm around my waist and drew herself tight against me. Was she trying to kill me? I asked myself another question I couldn’t answer: could I end this girl?
I was glad she was too close to see my expression. I gently caressed her hair and the nape of her neck. “I need to talk privately to Tim and Aidan. Can you to keep an eye on the Etch A Sketch?” I made eye contact with Andi and Ben. “Guys, you need to stay with your sister. If you stay outside the van, the audio bugs won’t be able to pick you up.”
I waved at Tim and Aidan to come with me and we walked along the side of the highway. I waited until we were too far away for the Swensons to easily overhear. “Aidan, I need you to clean the fuel filter and get the sugar out of the gas tank. I’ve plugged the fuel line with rags—not the best way keep gasoline from leaking. I’m hoping you can find a better way to plug up the leak. We can’t afford to lose fuel. Also, I don’t want the Jotunn to know we know about their devices. I need you guys to figure out how to send false information to the GPS tracker and through the wireless microphone.”
Tim grabbed at my arm, “Victor, all of those things should be fairly easy. All we have to do…”
I cut him off, “Just get it done. If you need help getting the fuel filter back on let me know. Right now, I need to call Samson and let him know what’s going on.”

Chapter 18: The Principles of Magic
It was 5:13 p.m.—forty-six minutes before Drew’s ETA into Salt Lake City. I pulled up Google and put in a search for the phrase, ‘Sunset times Boise Idaho.’ According to the first website on the search list, the sun would go down at 9:18. I pulled out my disposable phone and called Drew. I hung up after the first ring.
Twenty-three seconds later, I got a call back. I didn’t recognize the number. As expected, Drew had gotten his own disposable phone. “Yeah.”
“What’s the plan?”
“I don’t have one yet. I won’t be able to meet you at the original location. It’d be best if you stay about an hour driving distance away until I tell you different.”
“That doesn’t sound good.”
“If I don’t call you by late tomorrow, I won’t need you.”
Drew gave a half-chuckle like I’d said something funny, “Well I hope you call, if only to satisfy my curiosity.”
“It’s good to know you care. Can you get a team together in the next couple of days?”
“For what kind of mission?”
“I need a team with the experience and ordnance to take out the equivalent of nineteen APCs.”
“In what country?”
“At our original location, give or take four hundred miles.”
I heard full blown gut-busting laughter. It took a while for him to catch his breath. “The funniest part of all this is I don’t think you’re joking.”
“Yeah.”
His voice became dead serious, “Can you afford what it’s going to cost?”
“How much are we talking about?”
“To get and equip a team in a couple days that is crazy enough to want to do what you want, and good enough to have a reasonable chance of getting away with it—two million.”
I wasn’t surprised by the figure. It would put a serious dent in my Bahaman account, but what the hell; I couldn’t take it with me. “Half up front?”
“That’s usually how it goes. It’ll take at least three days, maybe more to get the team together.”
“Text me your account number and routing information and I’ll have it wired to you.”
“Hey.”
“What?”
“This better not be political.”
This time it was my turn to belly laugh, “It’s not political; it’s religious.”
Drew had just enough time to say, “What the…” before I hung up.
I called Bill Samson next. After a few rings, I heard his deep Darth Vader voice, “Hello.”
“It’s Victor Paladin.”
“Yes.”
“Have you ever checked if you’re under electronic surveillance?”
I could hear a glimmer of interest when he replied, “Why do you ask?”
“That’s how the Jotunn have been keeping track of us in Salt Lake City.”
In the silence that came afterwards, I could almost hear Samson think. There was amusement in his voice, “That makes sense. Now that you’ve told me, it’s almost obvious.”
“We’re twenty miles south of Mountain Home. There’s a pretty good chance the Jotunn are following us. How do you want to play it?”
“There’s a church called Our Lady of Good Counsel on 115 North and 4th East Street in Mountain Home. Stay in the Church until nightfall and we’ll see if can properly greet our guests.”
“Sounds good, I’ll keep my phone on. Let’s keep in touch if anything changes.”
As I put my phone in my pocket, Tim ran over to me. “Victor, Andi sabotaged our van.”
“How do you know?”
“Through the laws of similarity and contagion.” Tim must have seen my lack of comprehension, because he went on, “She was the last person who touched the sugar in our gas tank and the surveillance devices on the van.”
“Has anyone else touched them?”
He shook his head, “Yes, but not anyone we know. They may just be people in the stores where she bought her supplies. What do you want to do? Should we restrain her?”
“Can you tell if she has any other devices she can use to sabotage us? Does she have a weapon?”
Tim smiled, “You and Aidan think alike. The first thing he did after we found out it was Andi was to check for those things. She has a cell phone but that’s it. Aidan glitched it so she can’t get a signal.”
“How did he do that without me knowing? You guys could tell when I did magic. Why didn’t I notice you or Aidan casting your spells?”
Tim started to speak and then hesitated, clearly considering his words, “Victor, you’re strong but you don’t have much in the way of finesse. I know it sounds like an oxymoron, but magic isn’t magical. What I mean is—magic is a form of energy like heat or electricity. It follows the same laws of thermodynamics as any other form of energy. Static electricity from walking across carpet doesn’t make a noticeable sound; lightning, which is basically the same thing but on a higher scale, makes a thunderclap. A candle burns without noise, but if you have a fire intense enough to melt steel, you can actually hear the flame.”
“So you heard me use a lot of power.”
Tim hesitated again, “Yes, people who can perform magic can ‘hear’ magic being used. It’s hard to ‘hear’ magic when small, weak spells are being used. It’s difficult to miss massive surges of power. There are easy ways versus hard ways of doing almost everything. To give you an example—say you have a flat tire. If you have the right tools and supplies—a car jack, tire iron, and spare tire—it’s a simple problem to fix. There’s no reason to be physically or mentally exhausted after you change the tire. It takes an immensely strong person to be able to change a tire without tools. The odds are good even if he could, he’d be exhausted afterwards. To tell you the truth—you did something amazing, but there are much easier and less power intensive ways to do the same thing.
I understood why Tim was hesitating. He was embarrassed for me. I had done something amazing—amazingly stupid. Out of ignorance, I had done the magical equivalent of lifting a car up with my bare hands when a car jack was in the trunk. “Let me guess—both you and Aidan could have found the wireless microphone without using nearly as much power.”
“Yes.”
“You’ve used the words ‘Contagion’ and ‘Similarity’ before. What do you mean by that?”
“As I’ve said before, magic is the process of imposing your will upon the Universe. The human intellect is designed so that certain patterns of thought are easier than others. Contagion describes the idea that items that were once in contact will always have a connection. Contagion explains why antique persimmon golf clubs owned by John F. Kennedy are worth tens of thousands of dollars, or the Walther PPK that Hitler killed himself with is literally priceless.
“Similarity is the idea that items that are intrinsically alike can influence each other. Photographs of loved ones have value because people instinctively sense that having an image of someone they love connects them to that person. We live in a Universe where perception shapes reality. Spells based on instinctive thought and belief patterns take less energy than those that don’t.”
“How would you have looked for an audio bug?”
“Based on how much power you used, you probably asked the Universe an open ended question like, ‘Is there a surveillance device in the van?’”
I nodded.
“Did you specify a time component for the spell? How fast you wanted the answer?”
I shook my head.
“Intention is more important than the words when casting spells. But the more specific you are, the less energy and power you need. Empirical knowledge is useful. Spells that have been passed down for generations tend to be the most energy efficient. It also helps to have tools. One of the most useful tools I have is one that looks for similar items. It took me three months to make. Going back to my changing tires analogy—the best way to lift a car is with a jack, but the jack has to be made before it can be used.
“In your situation—one where I didn’t have access to tools—I would have focused on my cell phone’s microphone and looked for something similar in the van. I also would have had the spell work over time so I got an answer—say thirty minutes later. Spells that take effect instantaneously use more energy than those that occur over time. It’s a rough guess but if you had focused on something similar to what you were looking for and had the spell work over a half-hour, you would have used seventy-five percent less energy. If you had set it to take effect after an hour, eighty-five percent less. If you had the proper tools, it would have taken a miniscule amount of energy.”
Tim was too polite to say the obvious; had I bothered to ask him or Aidan to look for the audio bugs, I wouldn’t have burned through half my remaining soul energy right before a fight with nineteen Jotunn. “So where do I get magical tools?” I wasn’t surprised when he told me if I’d been the kind of man that trusted others, I could have asked Aidan to make me some tools. Sometimes me being me was a pain in the ass.
During my conversation, I had started feeling the compulsion to head back to Salt Lake City. It was getting stronger. When I had been focused on figuring out what was going on with the van, I hadn’t noticed my compulsion, but now I could feel myself turning into a sock puppet. I didn’t have much time.
I gestured for Tim to follow me and headed back to the van. Aidan was crawling out from underneath the van. The rest of the group was watching him. The leprechaun looked up at me and said, “All the sugar is out of the gas tank. The fuel filter is clean and installed.”
I put the gas cap back on and went back into the van to replace the circuit relay. I turned the key to the run position without starting the engine. With my super hearing, it was easy to hear the fuel pump activate. I let it run long enough to prime the fuel lines, and then started the engine; it started and ran without any problems.
I could almost feel Joey reaching his hand deep inside my colon. My need to get back to Salt Lake City was almost overwhelming. It took every ounce of will power I had to turn the engine off and move back to my old seat. I waved everyone else into the van. I wasn’t the only one feeling the compulsions. Aidan’s lips were compressed into a thin line and Tim had beads of sweat on his brow.
I handed Mina my phone, “Tim, Aidan, and I need to go back to sleep. My GPS app is set to guide you to a Catholic Church about twenty miles from here. Wake us up when we get there. Keep an eye on Andi. She’s the one who put sugar in our gas tank and placed the wireless microphone under the driver’s seat.”
Mina had a fierce frown. I heard Ben shout, “What the…”, as I put myself to sleep.

Chapter 19: Bait
When I woke up Mina was shaking me. It took a while for my eyes to focus. “How long was I asleep?”
“Close to thirty minutes. Victor, there are men outside the van who want to talk to you. They came up to us as soon as we pulled up.”
It looked like sleep spells had the same side effects as sleeping pills. Wake up too early and you get a hangover. Adrenalin is a good antidote for drowsiness, whatever the cause. We were parked on the street in front of Our Lady of Good Counsel. I shook the fog out of my brain and studied the three men on the sidewalk and the two at the driver’s side window. Ben had the driver’s side window cracked open. He was looking at the men outside suspiciously. The other windows were up and the doors locked.
Andi was still in the front passenger seat looking sullen—the perfect picture of a teenager being treated unfairly. Tim and Aidan were awake but still looked groggy.
None of the men outside matched my image of Bill Samson. One was dressed in black with a priest’s collar. The other four looked like Hollywood movie nerds. In movies, nerds have just two body types—skinny with the beginnings of a pot belly or obese. There were three of the skinny kind and one of the fat. If the Boise Brotherhood were as good as they looked, we were in trouble.
“Guys, stay inside until we know what’s going on.” I stepped out of the van and closed the door behind me. “I’m Victor Paladin.”
The Priest stepped forward and shook my hand, “I’m Father Mallory.” He waved at the others, “Matt Shrank, Todd Singletary, Jim Black, Larry Summerhays.”
Father Mallory looked at me; I tilted my head toward him in acknowledgement and waited for him to tell me what was going on. The silence seemed to make the Father uncomfortable. “Uh, Paladin Samson asked us to meet you here. We’re all members of the Boise Oath Brotherhood.”
“What’s the plan?”
The Priest pointed to the church. It was an A-Frame style brick building, with concrete blocks designed to look like limestone surrounding the solid metal double doors and the windows facing us. The windows, relative to the size of the building, were tiny and protected by steel burglar bars. I could feel the presence of defensive spells. They weren’t quite as strong as the spells the Jotunn had broken at the monastery. As jury-rigged fortresses went, it wasn’t bad. “Paladin Samson wants you to stay in the church until the Jotunn attack.”
“You used the word ‘until’ not ‘if.’”
“How do you feel? Do you have the compulsion to get back to Salt Lake City?”
Now that Father Mallory had mentioned it, I noticed I didn’t feel the need to head back.
My expression must have been my answer. He smiled grimly as if he’d proved his point.
“Father, do you know my background?”
His smile morphed into an expression of slight confusion. “No. I know you’re the new Salt Lake City Paladin. That’s it.”
“Until a couple of days ago when I became one, I had no idea paladins existed. I need you to explain the relationship between my compulsions and the Jotunn.”
Father Mallory looked equally surprised and apologetic. “I can only tell you what Paladin Samson told me.”
“Yes?”
“He said the only way you could leave Salt Lake City was if you were unconscious or directly threatened by the Jotunn. Your compulsions are direct expressions of God’s will. When it comes to threats, they’re based on what God knows, not what you know.”
B and Aidan had been surprised by my suggestion of leaving Salt Lake City while asleep. Based on their reactions, I had mistakenly assumed no one else knew about this technique. I wondered how many other wrong assumptions I’d made. “Is this common knowledge?”
“I just learned about this myself when I talked to Paladin Samson a half-hour ago.”
“Thirty minutes ago, I felt the need to go back to Utah. Now I don’t; does this mean the Jotunn have started heading our way since then?”
“I really don’t know enough to answer that question. Paladin Samson may know.” When I reached for my phone, the Priest pointed to the doors. “It’d be a lot safer for all of us if we continued this conversation inside the Church.”
That made sense. I opened the van door. “Guys, let’s get our gear and head inside the church.”
It only took a minute for me to briefly explain the situation and conduct quick introductions. The Boise Oath Brothers helped unload the van, and with all of us, it only took one trip.
I didn’t see a container large enough to hold Sanguinis, Obex, and my armor. I pulled the leprechaun off to the side and asked, “Aidan, where did you put my gear?”
“My boy, the Jotunn are in our Universe to kill paladins and claim their weapons. If you get mortally wounded, you will need a safe place to send them. I’ve stored them in a secure location. Since it won’t affect how quickly you can access them, it’s best you not know where they are.”
“Does Tim know the location?”
“Only I know.”
Mina came up beside me, a backpack in her arms. “Hey.”
“Hey, yourself.” We walked together into the church and she set the pack down on one of the pews. Other than the lack of windows, Our Lady of Good Counsel was a typical Roman Catholic Church. The front doors opened into a vestibule. Past the second set of doors was one large room filled with pews and high vaulted ceilings. Once her hands were free, Mina took my arm and led me away from the others, saying in a soft voice, “Andi told me and Ben why she poured sugar in our van and planted the listening devices.”
Near the far end of the church, Mina brought me into the shadow of a column and pulled me close, laying her head on my chest. In response, I wrapped her tight in my arms. “Victor, this is so crazy. It feels like we’re in a nightmare. Andi said an angel told her to do it. She’s certain she’s following God’s will. Why would God want to kill us?”
“Did she tell you the angel’s name?”
“Samael.”
It was interesting that an archangel with millions of underlings was willing to do his own dirty work. Was he trying to hide what he was doing from his own people or did he just like doing things himself? Shit, I needed to break myself of the habit of mulling over questions I couldn’t answer. “Mina, Samael probably has been visiting her. You know how if it seems too good to be true, it usually isn’t? An angel’s visit is not necessarily a good thing.”
Mina pulled back so she could see my face. I could see her wonder where I was going. Somehow, I knew she wasn’t just torn up about Andi’s sabotage. Mina believed in a loving God Who personally cared about her. She was a true believer whose faith was being sorely tested. I couldn’t figure out why I knew this, but I was sure she was hurting.
I told her the version of the truth that was least likely to cause her pain. “God has millions, no billions of angels working for him. The idea of billions of intelligent creatures all working in harmony with peace, love, and sugary goodness is too good to be true. There are assholes playing politics everywhere, including Heaven. Samael is the kind that doesn’t mind a few deaths by friendly fire or collateral damage in the service of the greater good.” Mina laid her head back on my chest. I didn’t know if what I said helped, but I’d tried.
I’ve always viewed surprise as a personal failure. Reality in the end is simple; it is what it is. Whenever I’ve been surprised in the past, it has almost always been because I failed to see or correctly interpret what was in front of me. I doubted the existence of God even though I had been raised by nuns and surrounded by people of faith for most of my early life. I’d never been able to believe in an all-powerful and loving god who would allow our imperfect world to exist. Every religious attempt to explain why shit happens always seemed like a cop-out. The answer to my religious question was simple; Jehovah was a nice enough deity—according to B the best in the known Multiverse—who wasn’t the all-powerful God of Mina’s faith.
The most astonishing thing of all was how little I cared about being wrong for so many years. The thing I cared about most was this young girl clasped within my arms. Jehovah, God Almighty had hooked me up with a girl over twenty years younger than me and I was good with it. Fear comes from having something to lose. I’d found something I couldn’t bear to give up.
I focused on her body next to mine. I breathed in the earthy scent of a healthy young woman on a hot July afternoon. I listened to the slow beat of her heart. I felt her hair against my cheek.
Loud, hurried footsteps coming toward us made me look up. Mina pulled back from my arms and self-consciously brushed her hair out of her eyes. It was Father Mallory. “Victor, I have Paladin Samson on the phone.
I took the phone. “Yes.”
“Father Mallory said you’re not feeling the need to go back to Salt Lake City.”
“Yeah, the last time we talked I was. Does that mean they’re headed our way?”
“Yes.”
“So I’m not the first paladin to work around the compulsion to stay in our own area by putting himself to sleep.”
“No.”
“Is this technique common knowledge?”
“Father Mallory said you became a paladin just a few days ago and that you haven’t had any paladin training”
“Yeah.”
“As part of our training, and to avoid making the same mistakes, we learn about the paladins who’ve lost their weapons. There have been two paladins in the past who’ve tried your technique. Putting yourself to sleep to get out of your territory is something that’d be known by anyone who went through paladin training, but it’s unlikely that anyone else would know about it.”
“Would that include Archangels?”
“I know Michael does. I’m not sure about the others. It’d depend on the Archangel.”
“Has anyone else besides the two who lost their weapons used the technique?”
The amusement in Samson’s voice became obvious. “No.”
I pictured myself in Samson’s shoes. If I was a traditionally trained paladin who came across a noob without any training at all, who came running for help using a technique previously used only by losers, how would I react? The fact I understood his attitude didn’t mean I liked it. My voice was dry when I replied, “You want me to be bait.”
He confirmed, “You and your people will be bait.” I could tell he was waiting to see how I’d react. When I didn’t say anything he went on, “The Jotunn will most likely attack tonight. My men will be leaving as soon as we’re done with this conversation. They’ve done what they needed to do. We have the church surrounded and we’re hidden well enough that the Jotunn shouldn’t notice us. After they break through your defenses, they’ll most likely enter through the windows and doors. After they’re all in the church, they’ll be rats in a cage with nowhere to run. We’ll attack then.”
“It’s a good plan but my people don’t need to stay in the church. It’ll work fine with just me in the church. The Jotunn are here for my weapons and armor. Take my people to safety and I’ll stay inside as bait.”
“That won’t work.”
“Why not?” I demanded.
“Since our last conversation, we’ve found audio surveillance equipment in my house and two spies for Samael in our Brotherhood. I’ve fed them false information. My first priority is my own people. The only reason to risk their lives against the Jotunn is if they enter our area, or if we have a chance to kill them all.
“I told the spies that it isn’t worth it for us to help you other than to let you fort up just outside our boundaries. I’m sure by now the Jotunn know this intel. Once they come within a couple miles of Our Lady of Good Counsel, they’ll be able to tell if all of you aren’t there. The Jotunn leader is smart and savvy; that’s one of the reasons they’ve survived for so long. They never fight without a clear advantage, and they’ve been able to avoid every trap we’ve set. If anything looks off, there’s a good chance they won’t take our bait. The only reason I’m optimistic we’ll be able to trap them this time is because the church is outside my territory in no man’s land, and because of the disinformation we’ve fed them.”
Samson wasn’t making any sense. “If this is outside your territory, how did your men get here and how are you planning on getting here? The Jotunn want my gear. If I’m inside by myself, there’s no reason for them to get skittish.”
Exasperation crept into Samson’s voice. “Victor, your remaining Oath Brothers don’t have the ability to abandon you. If they’re not inside the church, they have to be outside helping with the ambush. Territorial compulsions don’t apply in times of great crisis or opportunity; the chance of destroying the Jotunn war band counts as an opportunity. Father Mallory and his apprentices were able to leave Boise because their job was to turn Our Lady of Good Counsel into a cage that’s easy for the Jotunn to enter but difficult to leave.”
“I understand your position, Bill but your plan doesn’t work for me.” I forced myself to lower my voice, to keep my tone reasonable as I said, “I’ll get my people and drive into Boise, if that’s what it takes to get your help.”
I expected Samson to lose it. When he spoke he didn’t sound angry or even exasperated, his voice was filled with pity, “Man, you really don’t know much about anything. We paladins are designed to be territorial. You and your people need my permission to enter Boise, and I’m not giving it to you. If you try to go back to sleep and have Paul Swenson’s kids drive you and your Brothers into Boise, we’ll disable your van from a distance.” The tone of his voice changed. It sounded like he was trying to give me an order. “Victor, you have to do this my way. This is too good of an opportunity to let you screw it up. It’s either that, or the false information I gave to our traitors won’t be false. I’m sorry, but you and your people are walking dead. You can choose to die uselessly, or you can help us destroy the minions that have already killed two paladins and hundreds of Oath Brothers.”
“Bill, you do what you have to do. I expect I’ll do the same.”
I heard a weary sigh. “So, it’s going to be like that?” His voice became quiet. “It’s a damn shame.” He hung up.
I handed the phone back to Father Mallory. He couldn’t meet my eyes. He turned and walked out of the church. Without a word, his apprentices followed him. During my conversation with Samson, I’d tried to keep my voice under control. I hadn’t been all that successful. I may not have been shouting but my voice had gotten pretty loud. Aidan, Tim, Ben, and Andi had gathered close around Mina and me.
Ben spoke first, “What’s going on?”
“Samson wants to use us as bait. We’re supposed to lure the Jotunn into this church, and when they all get inside, he and his men are going to attack.”
Ben asked like he already knew the answer. “There’s a way out of here, a secret passage, right?”
“No, the assumption is we’re all going to die.”
Andi broke in, “It’s going to be okay, my angel will protect us.”
I had to laugh. “That’ll be our backup plan.”
Mina put her hand on my shoulder, “Victor, you’re not going to let us be bait.”
“No.”
She asked, “So, what’s Samson going to do?”
“Nothing, we’re on our own.”
I put my hand up to cover my mouth when I heard her say, “Asshole.” Mina hadn’t meant to be overheard. I hadn’t told her about my super sense. It was a half-assed version of reading her mind but if we survived the night, I could see how it could be useful in a relationship.
Andi’s eyes got big. She tilted her head back, closed her eyes, threw her arms up, and with open hands raised to the vaulted ceilings, called out to her angel. “SAMAEL! SAMAEL! We need you.” Her screams got my mind back on track. Mina rushed to her sister’s side. Ben stared at Andi like she was going insane. I saw curiosity in Aidan’s and Tim’s eyes. They were wondering if he would show up, too.
“SAMAEL!” Andi now had tears in her eyes. “I need you!”
We waited. Seconds turned to minutes. When Mina wrapped her arms around her, Andi collapsed. “He’s my angel. I did what he asked. Why isn’t he coming?”
“It’s okay, Baby Sis. It’s going to be okay.”
Ben moved toward his two sisters and awkwardly starting patting Andi on the back.
I made eye contact with Tim and Aidan and gestured with my head for them to follow me. Once we got out of easy hearing distance, Tim quietly said, “I was really hoping Samael would show up.”
“So was I. It would have been nice, but we need to focus on the here and now. What do you guys know about paladin compulsions?”
Tim shrugged, “Not much, I always assumed they were pretty much the same as the ones Oath Brothers have—the basic Ten Commandments and laws listed in Leviticus minus brit milah and the dietary restrictions.” He must have misread my expression because he continued, “Brit milah is Hebrew; bris is Yiddish for the Jewish ceremony where a boy is circumcised eight days after he’s born.” He gave an amazingly goofy giggle which even for him took some doing. “Victor, you’re a little past the due date of eight days if you know what I mean. The dietary restrictions got revoked when Christ died for us. Jesus not only saved our souls, he gave us pork and lobster.”
Aidan affectionately put his hand on his apprentice’s shoulder, “Tim, that’s not what Victor wants to know.” He turned to me. “I can only tell you what I’ve observed over the last few hundred years, which is not much. None of the paladins I have worked with ever talked about their rules. A compulsion is often a weakness. Why would they want their weakness publicized? A paladin’s highest priority is to defend his territory. His second is to protect Jehovah’s gifts; the weapons and armor given to him by God. The first priority often places the second in danger. That’s how paladins lose their lives and their gifts. I’ve gathered from your half of the conversation with Bill Samson that paladins also need permission to enter each other’s territories. I’m sorry, but I can’t tell you anything you don’t already know.”
“We don’t have the obligation to help each other?”
The leprechaun shook his head, “I don’t know if it is policy or pride, but until you did it today, I have never known a paladin to ask for or receive help from another paladin. Victor, what are we going to do?”
“I’ll tell you after I call Samson again.”
The Boise Paladin picked up on the first ring. “You change your mind?”
“Depends on how you answer my questions.”
Samson’s grunt sounded amused. “Ask away.”
“I’m going to make the Jotunn an offer they can’t refuse.” I watched Tim and Aidan’s expressions as I talked to the Boise Paladin. Tim got the reference; I saw blank incomprehension in Aidan’s eyes. “Here’s what I’ll offer. In return for leaving the rest my people alone, I will fight them, one-by-one in single combat, until I kill them all or until I’m defeated. If they kill me outright, they get the gifts anyway. If I’m too wounded to fight, I won’t send God’s gifts to safety. I’ll put myself to sleep and let them take my gifts.”
“WHAT!”
Samson’s response was my answer. When Samson and I earlier had discussed the two paladins who had lost their gifts, I’d felt sick to my stomach. Just now, when I had threatened to bargain away my gifts, it took everything I had to prevent myself from puking. Every gift was Jehovah’s will manifested; all paladins were compelled to protect them. I could force Samson to help us by putting my gifts at risk.
“Did you know I have four gifts? I’ve regained…” Crap, what his name? Oh yeah, “I recaptured Roland Fare’s gifts from a Red Cap. I’m wondering if you’re going to sit all safe and comfy in Boise while I hand four of Jehovah’s gifts to the Jotunn.”
For the first time I heard anger in Samson’s voice. He wasn’t the kind that got hot. His voice was stone cold. “I won’t be coming for the Jotunn. I’ll be coming for you.”
I carefully covered the phone’s mouth piece and vomited on the floor beside me; it was possible Samson hadn’t heard me. I spit to clear my mouth. “Whatever gets your ass moving. You can come up now and try to deal with me before the Jotunn get here, or you can wait until all the Jotunn are focused on me and try to ambush them. Last we talked, you were all about not wasting opportunities.” I hung up and puked up everything I had left in my stomach.
Aidan looked stunned. Tim stuttered, “Victor…”
I wiped my mouth with the back of my hand. “Save the condolences. I’m not planning on dying. We have a few hours until darkness. I need you guys to help me prepare some surprises for the Jotunn.”
Aidan put his hand on my arm. “Victor, there has to be another way.”
I knew he meant well, but I didn’t have time to try to convince him. Running wasn’t an option; where would we run to? Having the Swensons drive us from city to city while we were asleep wasn’t a long term proposition. If I was going to die, I would die on my terms—a wolf at bay, not a rabbit on the run. “How’s this work, our relationship as paladin and Oath Brother? Are we friends, colleagues, or is this like the army where one has rank over the other?”
Aidan let his hand drop from my arm. He looked hurt. His brogue was strong when he replied, “It is a feudal based system. Tis yourself who is my liege; I am compelled to follow your orders.”
“I’ve made my decision. I need you to support me.” I stared into his eyes until he nodded his head. “Back when I was a kid, I read a book about Norse Myths. They used magic offensively but mostly in terms of curses that took affect slowly over time. In those myths, when the Norse fought, even gods like Loki used weapons. There was nothing about them throwing fireballs or lightning bolts. They had magic weapons like Thor’s hammer, but they didn’t actually cast spells in combat. Were those stories accurate? Will the Jotunn use magic in a fight?”
“Lightning bolts and fireballs take awful amounts of energy and are fairly easy to defend against; I doubt if they’d try those kinds of spells. You can expect the Jotunn to cast healing spells and if things go badly for them, they will likely change shape to escape.”
“If I’m going to fight them, I’m going to need every advantage I can get.” I went over to my gear bag and pulled out a Taser C2. I pointed at the canister attached to the Taser. “This is pepper spray. I know from experience it will blind a Jotunn, and the Taser is effective against them too. I can use the Taser as is, but it’d be helpful if it could be hidden in my armor until I needed it.” I handed the Taser to Aidan. “I’ve got another in my bag.”
I grabbed my bang stick next. Tim almost bounced with excitement. “I know what that is. It’s a bang stick! It’s a pressure activated shotgun shell used by divers to kill sharks. They push the stick onto the shark and ‘boom,’ it blows a two foot hole into the shark”
I nodded my head. “I’m planning on strapping it to my left forearm, under my jacket. It’s well hidden as is. I’m not sure it can be improved on, but if you have ideas, let me know.”
I pulled out my last trick. It looked like the letter H and it was made out of two inch long, half inch diameter, stainless steel tubing. I gripped the vertical parts of the H so the horizontal part projected out between my middle and ring fingers, twisted one hundred and eighty degrees and pulled the two pieces apart to reveal two feet of the thinnest gauge piano wire made. “A human hair is .004 inches in diameter. The wire between these two handles is .006 inches in diameter and has a tensile strength of a little over three hundred pounds. This garrote will easily cut through arms and necks. I need an easy, quick way to access this weapon in a fight. It’d be helpful if you could increase how well the wire cuts and increase the breaking strength.”
Tim asked, “Did you have the wire specially made? How could you get it so thin and strong without magic?”
I grinned. “It’s standard piano wire. The average grand piano is strung with two hundred and fifty pounds of tension. It’s made out of high carbon spring steel through a process called cold drawing. The only downside of using piano wire is that any moisture—even just the touch of a finger—will cause the wire to rust. I have to replace the wire every time I use it. What can you guys get done in the next few hours?”
Aidan was in his designing mode. I couldn’t tell if he’d even heard my last question. He carefully studied the Taser in his hands murmuring, “This weapon can be used from a distance and also as a contact weapon.”
I explained, “It can be used once as a distance weapon before it needs to be reloaded and multiple times as a contact weapon.”
My armorer absent mindedly tugged at his hair and thought out loud. “Most electronic devices don’t take up much room.” Tools flickered in and out of his hands so quickly it was difficult to see what he was doing. Within seconds, he’d disassembled the Taser. He smiled. “Just as I thought, the working parts of this Taser are small enough to fit inside your jacket sleeve. We can make a bang stick for each forearm and attach the working parts of the Taser next to the shotgun barrel.” He looked up at me. “What do you think about attaching the garrote to the tip of the bang stick, just at the edge of your sleeve? Say the magic trigger and a two foot wire will appear between the two bang sticks. You’d lose the ability to manipulate the garrote with your fingers, but it would be much easier to build this way.”
“That’ll work. How fast can you get all the work done?”
“No more than two hours.”
It was now my turn to be shocked. I’d expected him to get one or two of my requests done in time, not all of them. “How is that possible? How could you get all that done so fast?”
It had been a while since Aidan looked so happy. “Every weaponsmith has a need for thin strong wire and metal tubes. I never travel anywhere without basic tools and supplies. I have mithril tubes that should work as barrels for your bang sticks.” He grinned. “My boy, you may be a great paladin but you have a ways to go before you become a good armorer. I can make you a much better bang stick than the one you made yourself. It’s just a matter of capping one end of a metal tube, making a pressure activated firing pin, and then attaching it to a forearm brace that can handle the recoil of a 12 gauge shotgun shell. The forearm brace will actually take the longest to make.
“I have a small spool of platinum alloy wire in my tool box. It is .001 inches in diameter. I don’t know the breaking strength of the wire because I’ve never had one break before. It has to be over a thousand pounds. I’ve always looked at the wire’s ability to cut as a problem—a necessary danger worth tolerating when fabricating because it was so useful.” He shook his head. “I would never have thought of using it as a weapon. It doesn’t take much power to attach the wire to the two mithril tubes. I’ll weld a platinum ring around the tubes and run the wire between the rings. I’ll then sever the end of the wire that’s attached to one ring, and use the principle of contagion to cause the wire to instantaneously reattach itself when you utter the trigger word. You will just have to make sure there’s nothing but air between the two platinum rings. Every time you say the trigger word, you’ll have to expend energy but it won’t be much because you’ll only be moving and attaching a miniscule amount of metal.
Aidan started speaking faster. I got the impression he was impatient to get working on the weapon modifications. “As for the Tasers, it’s just a matter of removing them from their casings and adding a magical trigger. I recommend attaching your pepper spray to your helmet. We’ll keep the canisters inside the helmet above and to the right of your eyes, with a small nozzle pointing in the direction you’re facing.”
Tim broke in, “Just in case you’re wondering, mithril is the traditional name for titanium—you know, silver-gray metal, lighter than steel, and almost as strong. If you’re willing to spend a little time to magically increase the number of delocalized valence shell electrons between titanium molecules, you end up with metal that won’t corrode, and is stronger and more resilient than steel. Increasing a metal’s strength is easy; it’s just a matter of reinforcing intermolecular forces in the metal. A little bit of energy in exactly the right place goes a long way. We use platinum for thin wires because it doesn’t corrode and it’s almost as malleable as gold. Simple jeweler’s tools are all that’s needed to shape it. We can’t use gold even though it costs less than platinum and is just as malleable because…”
Aidan impatiently put his hand back on Tim’s shoulder. “At another time and place, I’m sure Victor would be interested, but it’s not now. We need to start working.”
They turned toward their luggage. “Wait. I have one last question. My energy levels are depleted. I need to get them as high as possible before I fight the Jotunn. Tim, you said before there are techniques that can be used to restore my soul.”
He shrugged, “It should be fairly simple if Mina is your true love. Is she?”
I hadn’t expected that question. I had to think before I could answer, “Yes, why do you ask?”
“It’s clear she has power and if she’s your true love, you trust her. Ask her to lend you her power. If she says yes, you’re good.”
“That’s it—no magic spell or ceremony?”
“She has to say yes and mean it and then touch you. When power is transferred between two lovers, it’s tradition to use a kiss.”

Chapter 20: Soulmates
So, how do you ask a girl you haven’t even had a first date with yet to fill up your soul? By accident, I became a Zen Master; my mind was a complete blank.
I must have been desperate because the first conscious thought I had was I needed to clean up the mess I’d made. My life was at risk and my first thought was to clean the floor. There wasn’t much vomit; just a few runny, sour smelling remnants of the candy bars I’d eaten earlier. By the time I was aware of what I was doing, I was already in the bathroom. Since I was already there, I gathered up a handful of paper towels, got to my mess and wiped it up. I had to go back to the bathroom to find a waste basket.
I grabbed my bag on the way back. I washed my face, brushed my teeth, and gargled out the taste of vomit from my mouth. I was going to ask Mina to share her soul with me. The least I could do was to not smell like upchuck. Changing my shirt and washing my hands gave me a little more time to think.
I stepped out of the bathroom and faced Mina. She stood in a cluster with her brother and sister, quietly talking. Andi didn’t look as upset as she had earlier. She was no longer clinging to her sister. They weren’t laughing, and they certainly didn’t look like they were having fun, but there was a comfort level in their voices and body language that hadn’t been there a few moments ago.
I studied Mina carefully and captured an image of her I could use as a healing template. It didn’t take long. I did the same for her brother and sister. I took a deep breath and walked toward them.
“Mina, can I talk to you?”
She quickly glanced at Andi who heroically faked a smile and motioned to her older sister to go with me. Mina hesitated and then said, “Sure.”
When we got to the halfway point between her family and Tim and Aidan, I stopped and got out of the way so she could sit in the pew. I sat down next to her and met her eyes. The silence between us was growing uncomfortable when I began to speak, “I talked to Paladin Samson again. He’s coming to help us.”
She patiently waited for me to continue.
“I’m going to focus the Jotunn’s attention on me, just outside the Church, while the rest of you stay inside until Samson and the Boise Brotherhood…” I stopped talking when she put up her hand. She put her head down. I heard her subvocalize, “Oh Saint Jude Thaddeus, Patron Saint of Lost Causes, pray for me.” There went my hopes of hearing something interesting.
Her head snapped up. For someone who was praying, she looked pissed. “I swear to God and all that’s holy, Victor, it’s a good thing you have looks because you certainly don’t have smarts. WHAT THE HELL ARE YOU THINKING?”
I’d seen Mina’s grit before, but I kept underestimating her. I was reminded of a scene from The Holy Grail; a cute, fluffy bunny bites off a knight’s head. Mina was at least as cute as the rabbit and to be honest, she was almost as frightening. I was barely able to keep a burst of laughter from escaping at the thought of ‘Mina the Killer Rabbit’. From her furious expression, she picked up on it. I was in trouble.
 “I can’t believe you find this funny. You’re the most arrogant ass I’ve ever met. All day, I’ve put up with you telling me what to do, not answering my most basic of questions, and barely allowing me to get a word in edgewise. Well, Mr. Uncommunicative, I’ve HAD IT!”
I’ve never really cared about anyone before. The only real friend I have is Drew. We grew up together. It’s easier for kids to become close. We remain friends because he’s as much of a loner as I am, and we find each other useful. Women have yelled at me before but, I’d never actually cared enough to ever listen.
I was strangely comforted by Mina’s passion.
“First, you give me the best kisses of my life that I can’t even begin to describe, then with no other explanation but to trust you—off you go. I don’t even know you! Yet for some reason—heaven knows why—I’ve trusted you to do the right thing. I know we’re in a lot of trouble but you’ve been ordering us around today like we’re children, and I am SICK of your attitude!” Mina called me arrogant and uncommunicative. She figuratively disemboweled me by listing every negative trait I had. Everything she said was true.
I remember the first time I came across the concept of a soulmate. I was in juvie and had just turned fourteen. The only book in the small library that I hadn’t read before was Plato’s Symposium. According to Plato, humans originally had four arms, four legs, and two faces, but the gods became jealous and split humans in half, condemning us to a life-long search for our missing halves. I’d already pretty much decided Plato was a twit. His vision of utopia—government run by philosopher kings, otherwise known as ancient Greek nerds, was a gut buster. Until then, I couldn’t decide if he was deliberately being funny, or not. His description of soulmates sealed the deal. I haven’t read Plato since.
Now the joke was on me. I was being yelled at by my soulmate. A week ago, I would have sworn there was no such thing as a soul, that our consciousness was a product of a series of chemical reactions in our brains. I knew now souls and soulmates existed. I wondered if Aidan or B could tell me how souls communicated. I didn’t know how I knew it, but I was sure Mina really loved me.
I had always wondered what it was like to have a family. I guessed this was what loving families did—get angry and yell at each other. Naturally, thoughts about Mina and me being a family drifted into a daydream involving make-up sex. Jesus! I hoped my soulmate connection with her wouldn’t let her pick up what I was thinking. The adrenalin rush from my last thought helped me focus on what Mina was saying.
“You, Aidan, and Tim were asleep for hours. When we woke you, it took minutes for all of you to become coherent. If anything had happened while you were sleeping, the only thing I could’ve done would’ve been to try to wake you. If there had been an emergency; if the Jotunn had attacked, it would have been a disaster. You’ve been acting like I’m useless. I damn well deserve better, and I’m not going to take it anymore.”
I broke in just as Mina took a deep breath. “You’re right.”
“I can’t believe…” It took a moment for my words to register. I saw confusion change into pleasure, and then suspicion. Her eyes narrowed and got hard. I could see her wondering if I was trying to play her. “Right about what?”
“Everything. You’re right—I’ve made mistakes. I should have told you more before we left Salt Lake City. If I could do it all over again, I would’ve brought weapons for you and Ben. In the right circumstances even Andi could be an asset, as long as her angel doesn’t tell her to shoot me.” I grinned when Mina gave a snort of laughter and hurriedly covered her mouth, “Next time, I won’t make the mistake of counting you out.”
Mina was the type that blew up fast and cooled down faster. There was every reason for her to be as reluctant to trust me as I had been to trust her, but she had more courage than me. I could see it in her eyes; she believed me. “Victor, all of our lives are at risk. I deserve to know what’s going on and to have a say in what we do. I’m a valuable resource. You can depend on me.”
My grin got larger. It made sense that my soulmate would have an ego large enough to match mine. “You’re right. I don’t have the right to make life and death decisions for you and your family without your input. I should have kept you in the loop. I’ll try my best from now on to keep you informed.” Her posture softened. She took my hand entwining it with hers, and gave me the wide smile I was coming to recognize as my reward for pleasing her. I liked it when she touched me. “Okay then, can I ask you a question now?”
Her eyes were brilliant as she nodded.
“My kisses are the best you’ve ever had?” She laughed and threw her free fist at my shoulder. To my surprise, I didn’t block her punch. Even my subconscious trusted her.
I wanted this moment to last forever—to keep feeling the connection I’d made with Mina, but sundown was coming fast. I needed to focus on the Jotunn.
I couldn’t order her to support me like I did with Aidan. I needed to convince her. “Let’s accept I’ve made mistakes. Unfortunately, because of those mistakes our options are limited. With enough time to train, all of you guys could be really effective, but we don’t have time. I have weapons. I have the most training and experience. It only makes sense that I keep the Jotunn occupied until help arrives.”
“So, I cower in the corner while you heroically defend me?”
I pulled her in close as she mock struggled to get away. “We both know you don’t cower. Let’s be honest—in a fight, without training or weapons, you, Andi, and Ben are liabilities. I’m not the suicidal type. The Boise cavalry will come; I plan on living. You can help me by not distracting me.”
Mina met my eyes; her hand absently rubbed my neck, right in the spot I realized was still sore from sleeping with my head bent. I could see her processing what I said. “Okay, but this is the last time I'm going to be on the sidelines.” She reached up and gave me a hard, quick kiss to seal our bargain.
I enjoyed pleasing her, but her safety came first. I replied, “When you are trained, no sidelines,” I kissed her back softly, “That’s my promise. Deal?”
“Deal.” She looked down for a minute when she met my eyes again, hers were intent. “Vic, I would never do anything to distract you from killing all the Jotunn.” When I nodded, she smiled slowly and her eyes held a glitter that grabbed my full attention. Everything I had learned about Mina in the last couple of days told me she wasn’t all that experienced with men but the sensuality she gave off with her smile dropped on me like a sixteen-ton weight. She went on in a low voice, “Please stay alive. Because Victor, I am really looking forward to distracting you later with no interruptions. That’s my promise.”
I couldn’t believe how much of a grip she had on me. It could have been the connection between our souls or just the expression on my face, but Mina knew what I was feeling. I could feel my face get hot. I’d never felt this off-kilter before. I did NOT like the thought of someone reading my mind or emotions. Mina murmured, “Vic, you’re blushing”, then the smoking hot woman in my arms began to giggle. I gave up trying to maintain control; I started laughing, too. I couldn’t remember how long it had been since I’d laughed so hard.
After we finally caught our breaths, Mina looked up at me with mischief in her eyes. “So, is that it? That’s the reason you wanted to talk? You just wanted to apologize?”
I couldn’t help it, I started laughing again. I’d been right all my life; only morons could fall in love. I’d forgotten why I started my conversation with Mina. I could feel everyone in the Church stare at us. I knew I looked like an idiot. That thought made me laugh even harder. I don’t know what it was; whether it was my laughter, the woman in my arms, the knowledge that for the first time in my life I was in love and that I was okay with it, or the combination of all three, but I could feel my stress and anger disappear.
I squeezed the last of my tears out from my eyes with the backs of my hands. “No, I need to ask you for a favor. Every time I use magic I use up a bit of my soul.” I saw horror in Mina’s eyes. “It’s okay; it’s not permanent. Soul energy grows back, but it takes time. I’ve done a lot of magic today and my energy stores are low. I don’t have time to let it replenish naturally and I’m going to need all the juice I can get when I fight the Jotunn. As soulmates, we can share our energy; you can replenish my soul by giving me some of yours.”
Mina reached up and caressed my face, “Soulmates? I guess that explains why I’m still attracted to you, even with the way you’ve been acting. How do we do this?”
“I have to warn you, our souls are going to touch and meld. This is serious.”
Mina’s mischievous look returned, “Okay Casanova, how many women have your shared souls with?”
“You’d be the first.”
“And you’ve slept with how many?” When I just grinned in response, she good-naturedly shrugged, “Figures, you’re not the kind to kiss and tell on the first date. I’m guessing you’re not a virgin. But as far as you’re concerned, sharing souls is more intimate than sex?”
“Yes.” For once, I was glad Mina could sense my emotions. I’d never been in love before. For years, sex had just been a way of satisfying a physical need. Because of the way that many women reacted to sex—believing it meant we had an emotional connection— reading a good book or watching a great movie had often been the better option. I was certain that sharing souls with Mina would be more intimate than sex.
“How do we do it?”
“You will it to happen and then touch; it’s tradition to ki…” Mina’s lips touched mine before I could finish. Every time I’d kissed Mina before, I’d been able to lose myself for a few split seconds and think of nothing except her. With this kiss, time slowed to an eternity and it was incredible. I saw colors and images from her life, could smell the perfume that was her essence, and feel her soft lips against mine. I’d always thought strength came from hardships—that you couldn’t be strong without being tested. I was wrong. I might have needed hardship to strengthen me; Mina hadn’t.
Mina had an ideal childhood. She had been raised in a wealthy household full of love. It wasn’t until she was a young adult that she lost her parents. I’d worried she wasn’t mature enough for me because I hadn’t known her. She was a slow, calm, harmless appearing river that could wear down mountains or in a flash surge destroy a city.
I felt and saw flickers of images from her past—all the experiences that made her who she was; the first time she looked in a mirror and realized she was pretty, the feel of her father throwing her in the air as she laughed, and how it felt to be comforted in her mother’s arms after she broke up with her first boyfriend. I watched and felt her grow into the woman I held in my arms and then it was over; our kiss ended.
I felt rested and replenished like I had woken from the best night of sleep in my life. Mina had a huge smile on her face and looked like she was about to fall asleep.
“Victor.”
“Yes?”
“You touch souls with anyone else and you’ll wish you were dead. You know you’re mine now, and I’m not the kind that shares, right?”
“Yeah, I know who you are.”
“Good.” She gave a large yawn, stretched herself along the pew, and fell asleep with the huge smile still on her face.

Chapter 21: Calm before the Storm
“Excuse me.” I turned around. Tim stood next to my pew, with an apologetic expression on his face. “Mr. Paladin, I need to get by you to put an IV into Mina.”
“Why would she need an IV?”
“She’s performed powerful magic. She’s severely hypoglycemic. If I don’t put her on a glucose drip, she won’t wake up until the morning and she’ll probably have the biggest headache of her life. With the IV, she’ll wake up in a couple hours and she won’t have a headache.”
The first time I’d put protection spells on myself, I’d passed out. When I woke, I felt like I’d been on a multiday bender. My headache had been excruciating. “So why didn’t you put an IV into me after I cast my first spells?”
Tim hesitated exactly like he had when he explained how I’d wasted a massive amount of soul energy earlier today. Damn it! I was tired of making beginner mistakes. I waited for Tim to tell me what I’d done wrong this time.
“You have an active auto-defense spell. It wasn’t worth the risk to try to put a needle into you while you were unconscious.”
“What?”
“I was wondering if you knew you had that spell.” He paused to study my expression. “No, you didn’t. Mr. Paladin—by the way, you don’t mind me calling you Mr. Paladin, do you? Paladin Paladin sounds strange.”
I sighed. “Tim, ‘Mr. Paladin’ sounds like a guy who wears a suit. Why not just call me Vic or Victor like everybody else does?”
His face brightened. “Really? Thank you! Well, um, Vic, you must have cast this spell years ago. It’s one of the most useful spells around for warriors because it causes your subconscious to be constantly alert for threats. It’s not uncommon for men who survive being in high risk professions for years—soldiers, police officers, or covert operatives—who have the right genetics to unknowingly place this spell upon themselves. The subconscious mind will react almost instantaneously while the conscious mind, by definition, requires thought before action. In a crisis, a few split-seconds of delay caused by the need to think and make a decision can be deadly.
“Because of this spell, I decided against trying to put an IV into you. If I had tried, you probably would have attacked before you were fully awake. I decided allowing you to have a headache was a better idea than doing something that your subconscious might have perceived as a threat. As it was, even after your fight with the Redcaps we had to take precautions to protect ourselves when we put an IV into you.”
“So, what other spells do I have on me I don’t know about?’
”The major ones that I can detect unaided are the anti-aging spell, the spell to speed healing and prevent infections, and the spell that makes it more difficult for people to recognize you. The chances are good you have other spells, but I’d have to perform special tests to determine what those are.”
“How do I deactivate my auto-defense spell?”
Tim went back to looking apologetic. “That’s tricky; spells placed unconsciously without words—pure, instinctive expressions of the will to live—are much more powerful than those that use words. It’s possible to deactivate these spells but it’s difficult and requires a lot of expertise. If your subconscious truly trusts someone, that person won’t trigger the spell. Otherwise, it’s dangerous to touch you without warning. You may not have noticed but whenever I touched you, I made sure not to surprise you. There are disadvantages to the auto-defense spell, but the survival advantages are so great that I don’t think there is a paladin without one.”
I was coming to realize that Tim had skills. While talking to me, he expertly started an IV in Mina’s left arm and attached an IV bag to the back of the pew.
He pointed to the bag. “The bag will empty in a little over two hours. Mina should wake up by then. In the meantime, you should eat.” He pointed to Andi and Ben who had approached us while we were talking. Aidan was still busy working on my gear.
Andi had a sheepish expression on her face and handed me a paper plate stacked with pizza slices. “While you and Sis were trying to break the Guinness Book of World Record’s time for the longest kiss, we ordered some pizza. These are the slices we saved for you.”
I started on the pizza. Tim went back to assist Aidan. Ben and Andi didn’t have anything better to do except watch me eat.
In between bites I asked, “How long were Mina and I kissing?”
Ben blurted, “Dude, I wished I’d timed it but it was a really long time. Long enough for us to order pizza, have it delivered, and spend at least a half-hour eating. Andi and I wanted to try to get you guys out of your trance but Tim stopped us. He said it would be dangerous.” He grinned. “I used my cell phone to take some video of you and Mina kissing. I can send it to you if you want. Anyway, what were you guys doing?”
“Did you post the video on the internet yet?”
He shook his head.
“Can I see it?”
Ben pulled up the video on his phone and handed it to me. I started to crush the damn thing in my hand…No—he didn’t deserve that. There wasn’t any reason for him to believe I’d mind being videoed. I ignored Ben’s surprised, “Hey!” and I fast forwarded through the video. There wasn’t much to see, just me and Mina kissing. We didn’t move much, so the video looked like a still picture. I deleted the file.
When Ben said his second “Hey”, I met his eyes to let him see how NOT happy I was.
“I’ve got people looking for me. Post my picture on your Facebook page and sooner rather than later, there will be men you don’t want to meet kicking down your door. We have enough problems with the Jotunn. We don’t need more. You understand?”
“Oh, okay.”
I threw the phone back to him and I willed Ben and Andi to go away. My spell bar came and showed me how much energy it would take to chase them away without having to talk to them; it was too much energy. Life had been simpler when I used magic without knowing what I was doing. I checked my phone for the time. It was 7:32 p.m. Sundown was less than two hours away. “Guys, it’s been a long day and it’s going to hit the fan when it gets dark. I could really use some time alone to collect my thoughts.”
The Swenson kids responded like kicked puppies. Andi especially looked like she was about to whimper, but they walked away without arguing. I needed some air. I went out to the vestibule, dumped my paper plate in the trash can there, and continued outside. It was the perfect time to be outdoors. The outside temperature was no longer burning hot. Samson and his boys must have cast some sort of spell or used some other technique to get rid of all the local noncombatants. There was no sign of life—no cars, pedestrians, or evidence of people moving in the buildings and houses within eyesight.
I didn’t waste time thinking about the Jotunn. I’d already committed to challenging them to fight me one-on-one. It was too late to change my mind. I didn’t know enough about the Jotunn to make detailed plans. I let my mind drift over the events that had happened over the last couple of days and then to my life for the last couple years. I don’t know how long it took but I eventually started thinking about my childhood.
Every orphan wants to be adopted. I learned at a very young age I wasn’t cuddly. Parents looking for kids to adopt never spent much time with me. Before I had taken in Mina’s soul, I would have sworn that not being loved as a kid hadn’t really bothered me. As an adult, I’ve had women who were attracted to me, some who even told me they loved me. But those women hadn’t even known my real name. You can’t love someone you don’t know.
While I was experiencing Mina’s life, I’d felt what it was like to have loving parents. While I was touching Mina’s soul, she had been touching mine. She knew who I was and still claimed me as hers. She knew every flaw I had, and despite them all, she loved me. I found this hard to believe.
“Victor,” I heard Aidan’s voice behind me. I made sure to wipe my eyes before I turned, “your weapons are ready.”
I followed Aidan back into the church and he showed me how to wear and use the weapons he’d made for me. He was truly an artist. Everything fit perfectly. All the controls were intuitive. It didn’t take long to set the trigger words. I stuffed a bunch of energy gel packs into my pants pockets and grabbed a long sleeved shirt to hide my new weapons. As I put on my shirt, I saw a small aluminum tube. What the hell—I put it in my front shirt pocket.
Tim asked, “What kind of ammo do you want loaded in Sanguinis?”
“Buckshot in a thirty-two round drum.”
I checked the time. It was 9:02. Sixteen minutes to sundown. I excused myself and walked over to Mina. She was sleeping. I could feel her happiness. I was glad she was still asleep. I turned to Ben and Andi. “If I had to do it all over again, I would have brought weapons for all of you guys. But I didn’t, so that means all of you have to sit tight and keep out of the way until it’s all clear. You absolutely need to stay in the church until the Jotunn are all gone. Is that clear?”
I waited until Ben and Andi both said, “Yes.”
I caught Tim and Aidan’s eyes. “I don’t know enough about your weapons or fighting styles to give any orders or advice. I’m going to trust you two to protect the Swensons.”
I walked back outside. The darkening sky surrounding the setting sun was beautiful.
“Victor?”
“Tim?”
“I know you want me to protect the Swensons but I’ve got to tell you, I think I’ll be more help to you outside. Let me take on the Jotunn first. I’m expendable; you’re not, and I have skills.” He closed his eyes and furrowed his brow in concentration. Within a few seconds, I heard the buzzing of a fly. He opened his eyes and his hand flickered almost too fast to be seen. When he was done, he held a titanium katana in a two handed grip. The tip of the blade was pointed down, a few inches off the ground.
“Can you see it?” Tim Hardy was different. He wasn’t hesitant, apologetic, or goofy. He looked confident and pleased with himself. I realized then he was pointing at something on the ground. It was a fly. It had been cut in half.
I grinned. “What would happen if I asked you to do that three times in a row?”
Tim grinned back. “I was hoping you wouldn’t ask. When it comes splitting flies, I bat around .300.” He flicked his hands again and his sword disappeared. “I was trying to get a bee; flies are more difficult.”
I groaned. “You were trying for half-a-bee?”
His grin got bigger.
“What would you have done if you’d missed?”
“I would have claimed that because of me, that the fly could never make love again”
Even though I half-expected the punch line, I had to laugh. Tim joined me.
“I thought we couldn’t tell lies?”
“Believe or not, God has a sense of humor. If it is an obvious fiction and there’s no chance of anyone believing you’re speaking the truth, you can tell a joke.”
“Tim…” I had trouble figuring out how to ask my question.
“Yes, I know I’m acting out of character. I don’t know why but I tend to panic when I still have hope.” Tim gave a fatalistic shrug, “When I don’t have any, I settle down.”
“Thanks for the vote of confidence.”
“Victor, if you had even a year to train and prepare, we’d have a chance. Samson wants you dead now. He’s not going to ride to the rescue until after you’re mortally wounded. I’m pretty sure Master Aidan, the Swensons, and I will survive the night but then our Oaths will make us go back to Salt Lake City. Without a paladin or other Oath Brothers to help us, we’ll last at most a few weeks. I don’t have much to lose by volunteering to fight the Jotunn ahead of you. Victor, I’m not a natural hero. I wouldn’t be here if I didn’t have to be, but if I’m going to die, I want it to mean something.”
“Like I said before, I’m not planning on dying today. Get inside; that’s an order.”
Tim hesitated. For a second it looked like he was going to argue, maybe even walk over to me. In the end, he just nodded his head and went back inside.
I quickly scanned my own body and took multiple healing templates of each limb and vital organ. I paid the most attention to my hands, neck, and the parts of my lower body that wouldn’t be covered by my invulnerable motorcycle jacket and boots.
I sat on the steps in front of Our Lady of Good Counsel in my civilian clothing—my new bang sticks, stun guns, and garrote strapped on my forearms underneath my long sleeved shirt and enjoyed the sunset.

Chapter 22: The Deal
I could hear the Jotunn before I could see them. The rumble of their motorcycles as they came toward the Church was impossible to miss. I was still getting used to my super hearing; I couldn’t tell how far away they were. I guessed they were at least a few minutes away. I now knew one more thing about the Jotunn. The only advantage motorcycles had over a bus, or a couple large vans, was how cool they looked. I’ve never dealt with barbarians before but I had experience with outlaw biker gangs. If barbarians were anything like outlaws, the odds of my plan working had just gone up a notch.
There’s a difference between a professional killer and an outlaw. A professional killer just wants to get the job done quickly and cleanly. He likes being anonymous. The job is more important than his vanity. An outlaw needs to be admired. If he does something bad, he wants everyone to admire his badness. His entire life revolves around his reputation.
An outlaw motorcycle gang is made up of guys who want to be legends. This makes them predictable. They usually take the path that makes them look like badasses. Winning isn’t enough; they want to be feared and respected. Become an honored enemy, someone who they can brag about killing and they’ll go out of their way to gain your respect—treat you like family until they try to kill you.
Outlaws appreciate an enemy with panache. I reached into my front shirt pocket for the aluminum tube I had put away earlier. It held a single Romeo Y Julietta, a seven-inch, fifty-ring gauge cigar. Unless you know what you’re doing, biting the end of a cigar will tear the wrapper and ruin the cigar. I bit off the end and lit it up.
The warband arrived in a swarm on custom made choppers. They pulled their bikes in a half circle on the street in front of Our Lady of Good Counsel. They were in their human shapes and wore the leathers expected of an outlaw biker gang.
I saw nineteen problems that needed fixing. They saw a slender guy, inches shorter than their smallest, in jeans and a dark, long-sleeve, button-down shirt, sitting on the front steps of the church enjoying a good smoke.
Their leader in the center spoke, “Paladin, I thought you would be larger.” I realized then she was female, the only one of the bunch. She was actually attractive in a gargantuan sort of way. When she got off her bike and kicked it, the rest followed.
I remained sitting. “I’ve been waiting for you.”
“Blód ok daudi!10” One of the Jotunn screamed and ran toward me while he shapeshifted. Within a few steps, he morphed from a reasonably large red headed guy in leathers to a seven foot behemoth bearing a two-handed war hammer.
I waited until the troll was just at the foot of the stairs. He had his war hammer high, on the verge of delivering a killing stroke, when I silently mouthed, “Pyro.” My original bang stick barrel had been flush with the shotgun shell. Aidan’s stick had a four inch barrel, turning my weapon into a sawed-off shotgun. Because of the troll’s height and my position on the stairs, our heads were level. With my left arm fully extended, my sawed off shotgun was just a few feet from his head when it fired.
There was a ‘BANG’ and a fireball appeared between us. The Jotunn collapsed face down on the stairs. Blood pooled below his head. There was complete silence.
In a fight, our instincts are more powerful than our conscious minds. We focus on movement and noise. We ignore the quiet and unmoving. The Jotunn had been watching their friend scream and charge. I had been a still figure in the corner of their field of vision, quietly sitting on the stairs. When they saw the flash and heard the bang, even though their conscious minds knew it came from me, their instincts said it came from him. If I had roared a battle cry, or moved at all, they would have seen a threat and swarmed on me as soon their friend fell. I sat completely still. I waited for them to come to grips with what just happened.
When their eyes moved from their dead companion back to me, I put the cigar back in my mouth, drew in a nice slow puff, and then made a ‘sorry, what could I do?’ gesture with both my hands. The Jotunn just to the right of the leader started laughing first. Then, the leader began to laugh. Soon, the entire warband roared with laughter.
The stench of rotting meat rose from his body. It seemed all the Jotunn stank. I could see why they preferred to stay in their human shapes. I slowly, carefully put out my cigar and walked down the stairs past the dead troll.
I stood in front of the leader. “I have a proposition for you.”
She stopped laughing. Her quick glance to either side quieted the rest. “My name is Signe Ericsdottir. How are you named?”
“Victor Paladin.”
“You slew Gerrid. It wasn’t a question and it didn’t sound like she was talking about the stiff behind me.
“If you’re talking about the Jotunn in Salt Lake City a few days ago, yeah.”
“What did you do with his body?” She asked with idle curiosity.
“Most of it is buried under a rock. His head got exposed to the sun. I don’t know your customs. I didn’t mean any disrespect.”
The Jotunn who had started laughing first then spoke up, “Did you slay Gerrid unaided, or did you perhaps have companions to assist you?”
“It was just me.”
He grunted in response and then said appraisingly, “You have gained power since then.”
I gave a short laugh. “Yeah, back then, I didn’t even know I was a paladin.”
My reply caused them to talk amongst themselves in their native language. It would have been nice to know what they were talking about.
Signe turned back to me. “Where is your treasure, Paladin? Have you come for a good death?”
I threw my head back and laughed. “If you kill me now, you’ll never get my treasure. I’m here to offer you a deal, and Jehovah’s gifts are part of it.” I waited for her to respond.
After a moment, she motioned me to continue.
“One-on-one, I can take you all. If you attack me as a group, I’m dead.” I grinned widely, “And where’s the glory in that? Here’s my offer. Agree to fight me one-on-one, and if you kill me, you will leave my people alone forever. I will agree that if I’m mortally wounded, I won’t send my treasure away. The one that kills me gets my gifts.” I could feel the pizza start to come back up again. It took everything I had not to upchuck.
My offer created an uproar. All Jotunn began talking at once. “Hold, úlfar11!” Signe stared down the others until they stopped talking. “Paladins must protect their gifts with their lives. How is it possible for you to uphold your agreement?”
I ignored my nausea and gave a careless shrug. “The same way I left Salt Lake City. I’ll put myself to sleep.”
“Those are your terms?” Her narrowed blue eyes reminded me of Mina’s. “Safety for your people if we agree to meet you in single combat?”
“That, and if for any reason, you withdraw before I am dead, you leave me and mine alone for four weeks. You will all stay outside Salt Lake City for four weeks.”
“Huh.” She grunted, “You believe others will come to your aid?”
Despite how nauseous I felt, I forced a small, rueful smile. “That’s the plan.”
She snickered. “Your words appear truthful, but will you take us at our word alone? Though you are small, you do not seem a trusting child. How shall we, as enemies, bind one another?”
“I say we all agree to an oath; if anyone reneges, they will be cursed.”
Signe looked curious. “A pledge to Jehovah would mean nothing to us; your oath to Odin would be less than meaningless. What oath would bind us all?”
I turned to the Jotunn with the sense of humor and offered him my hand. He eyed me for a few seconds and then took my hand. “I will fight you one-by-one, until you kill me, I kill all of you, or you all withdraw before I am dead. You will fight me one-by-one, without help from anyone, until you kill me, or you all withdraw before I am dead. If you withdraw, you stay at least one hundred miles away from Salt Lake City and leave my people alone for four weeks. If you kill me, you will stay at least one hundred miles away from Salt Lake City forever. If you mortally wound me, I will put myself to sleep so that you may claim my gifts. If anyone breaks this pledge, their manhood will wither, die, and fall off.” This time around, I didn’t feel as nauseous. Not mentioning my treasure may have helped.
At the word ‘manhood’ the troll began laughing so hard he almost fell down. He affectionately struck me on my shoulder with his free paw. Even in human form, he was big enough that I had to lean into his love pat to avoid being thrown off my feet. “By The Hallowed Halls of Valhalla, Adam’s son, I like you. You lighten my heart. I am named Asvald Arnison. Once I kill you, I shall eat your heart and tongue. I accept your pledge.”
My spell bar came up. It showed if I made this oath, I’d use up ten percent of my soul. FUCK! I broke out into a cold sweat. There were seventeen of them left. I looked up into Asvald’s eyes. I had no other choice. I had to make this oath. I let the spell go through. A sense of tingling coolness started at our hands and then spread through my body. Then all of the coolness focused on my groin until it became cold and numb. After a few seconds, my feeling in my nuts came back. It was a promise of what was to come if any of us reneged.
Asvald let go of my hand and stepped aside for the Jotunn next in line to take my hand. “I am named Egil son of Frodi the Strong. I will sing of your death in years to come. I shall eat your heart. I agree to your pledge.” When my spell bar came it showed only a miniscule part of my soul was necessary to bind Egil to his oath. Thank God. It was better to be lucky than good.
When I said, “I agree” to Egil. I didn’t feel nauseated. I just felt a flash of coolness in my groin.
All of the Jotunn shook my hand. Almost all of them promised to eat some part of me. I got they were complimenting me. When they said they wanted to eat my heart, I could tell they thought I was brave. I assumed if they wanted to eat my tongue, they thought I was funny. For the life of me, I couldn’t figure out why one of them wanted to eat my liver. Maybe he just liked liver?
Signe Ericsdottir was the last to shake my hand. I was reminded of Junior High—the last time I’d been eye level to breasts. “I have no manhood to lose.”
I raised an eyebrow, “When you have sons, they will be born without male parts and will live as women.” Signe flushed and broke a hard grin, as her warband yelled and screamed around us.
When she reached out and cupped my balls, I didn’t react. She was expecting me to flinch—I refused. She squeezed me to the point of discomfort. My smile was a promise. She guffawed. “I will drink mead from your skull. I regret I do not have time to take your seed. You would make strong sons.” The rest of the Jotunn thought she was so funny a couple of them actually fell over, pummeling the ground with their feet and fists while they roared in wild laughter.
Binding Signe to her oath took three percent of my soul.
Tim was right. Jehovah had a sense of humor. Join God’s Army. Go to new places, meet new people, have them sexually harass you and promise to eat your vital organs, and then kill them.

Chapter 23: Single Combat
Signe gave me a feral grin. “One moment Victor Paladin, while we cast lots. The Jotunn huddled in a circle and threw dice. Every time the dice were rolled there were groans and cheers. All took a turn to roll. Some rolled more than once. It looked like they were figuring out the fighting order.
I wondered how many I could take out if I called Sanguinis and emptied a thirty-two round drum into the huddle. I’d have to nail each one in the head and the Jotunn would probably scatter instantly. The ones in front would shield the trolls behind them. I figured about four or five.
The Jotunn stood and faced me. Signe looked pissed, and was cursing under her breath. Asvald looked pleased.
He walked up. “Fortune favors me. I have won the right to be first against you. Come, the holmgang is prepared.”
One of the others took a can of spray paint and made a circle about fifteen feet in diameter on the street. Shit. If we fought in the circle, I wouldn’t have much room to dodge or use my speed.
Signe spoke, “Two shall enter the holmgang; only one will leave. Any who steps out of the circle before the duel is complete shall die. There is no quarter, only victory or death.
As Asvald changed into his Jotunn form, I studied the faces of the other trolls. They looked like like Santa Claus had put coal in their stockings. Only one of them could take my gifts. It looked like they thought he would get all the goodies.
When Asvald entered the holmgang, he was eight feet tall. He held a five foot longsword in one hand and a shield that went from his knee to his upper chest in the other. A chainmail shirt hung down to his thighs and was cinched at his waist by a leather belt. He wore leather gauntlets studded with metal and metal shin guards over leather boots. He wore an open faced conical helmet that had openings for his bat-like ears. I was surprised that the helmet didn’t have horns.
He turned to me with a large grin and smacked his sword hilt against his shield. “Victor Paladin, í bardaga er dýrd12! Come to your death.”
“Azam-shay.” I stood in my motorcycle leathers, my helmet completely covering my head, my hands empty. Most paladins had just two gifts. The less the Jotunn knew about my weapons the better.
I could hear them murmur around me. “He has no weapons. Jehovah has given him just jacket and boots?”
A joker yelled out, “Be warned Asvald, he kicks!”
To a roar of laughter, I stepped into the holmgang and said, “Gecko.” The easiest way to win a fight is to have your opponent react to you rather than the other way around. The fastest counterattack is one that begins before the attack. Use the correct counterattack and gain control, you’ll win; guess wrong, you’re in deep shit. There are no safe choices when you’re fighting for your life against a bigger, stronger opponent, you have to play the odds. Asvald’s friends were acting like he was really good. I hoped so. My counterattacks would only work on someone who was also skilled enough to play the percentages. I bet my life he was good enough to fall for my bait.
His legs were so long it only took two steps for him to reach me. He smashed into me, shield first. With all his armor, he must have weighed close to five hundred pounds. He didn’t know my boots were glued to the asphalt below me. I tucked my head out of the way and threw my left shoulder into Asvald’s shield.
He slammed to a stop like he’d run into a brick wall. All I felt through my jacket was a light push against my shoulder. I could see why Jehovah’s gifts were valued. Somehow my jacket had absorbed or transferred almost all the kinetic energy of Asvald’s shield rush away from me. While he was still stunned by his unexpected stop, I threw my right palm into his face. Barely in time, he bowed his head and my palm and the tip of my bang stick hit his helmet.
“Gecko.” I ignored the sound of the shotgun shell discharging uselessly against his helmet, and raised my heel to smash it into the top of his right foot.
It’s almost impossible to take out an enemy with one blow. Skilled fighters use combinations of strikes and blocks, like first going for the head and then the foot. Asvald proved he was a great fighter when he blocked my bang stick while still stunned. He proved it again when he began to move his foot out of the way. To keep his balance, he had to move his shield off to the side.
Just as he shifted his weight, before he had his foot off the ground, I threw myself into a feet-first baseball slide between his legs. He was eight feet tall and had legs to match his height; there was enough room.
My leathers helped me slide further on the asphalt. I ended up on the ground behind him.
He turned to face me off-balance, his right foot still not fully planted on the ground.
“Gecko.” With my feet locked to the ground, I lunged at his left thigh with all my strength.
Just as he was about to fall, despite his weight and size, he leaped gracefully away. He spun in the air so he landed on his feet, facing me—just outside the holmgang.
The Jotunn around us had been screaming and shouting; they suddenly became silent. I saw Asvald realize what he had done. With shock still in his eyes, he stared at the spray painted line on the ground. When he looked up and met my eyes, he had a grin back on his face. “Well done, warrior. Remember my name—Asvald, son of Arni—when you boast of your foes.”
He walked back into the holmgang and knelt in front of me, his sword across his thighs, the grip in his hand. From my utility belt, I grabbed the thin screwdriver I’d used to kill my first troll. Jotunn healed from their wounds unless they’re burned into them.
I lit the lighter I’d used for my cigar and placed the tip of the screwdriver into its flame. “Ake-may e-thay eat-hay ansfer-tray om-fray e-thay ighter-lay ame-flay o-tay e-thay ewdriver-scray enty-tway imes-tay ore-may efficient-ay.” My spell bar showed me it would take a fraction of one percent of my soul. “Akeitso-may.”
Asvald’s face was calm as the tip of my screwdriver started to glow. It took less than a minute for it to become bright red and then white. I heard the snap and crackle of seared flesh when I stabbed the blade into his eye and then twirled it in a wide arc in his brain.
He slumped to the ground. I faced the other Jotunn holding the screwdriver covered with burnt brain. “Who’s next?”
“Hold, Victor Paladin.” Signe walked into the circle. “The holmgang must be cleared.”
That made sense. I looked at my screwdriver. Should I wipe it clean on Asvald before they pulled his body away? I decided not. He didn’t deserve contempt. Aidan said God’s Will couldn’t be tarnished, so I wiped the blade clean on my jacket and reattached it to my belt.
Signe stood over Asvald and muttered some words in her native tongue. He burst into flames. In a few minutes all trace of him were gone.
I studied the Jotunn while Asvald burned. I had a good idea who was up next. He looked like a kid. He had introduced himself before but I didn’t remember his name. All the others were eying him like he was already dead. Every group of fighters has a hierarchy; his body language told me he was the lowest on the warband’s totem pole. I knew his pride would make him walk into the holmgang. He was trying to hide it, but he was scared.
I was reminded of another kid who felt the same way. I don’t know how it was in other orphanages—in the one I grew up in, there was a constant stream of couples looking for kids to adopt. The younger kids got all the attention. If you were like me—there since infancy and still hadn’t been adopted—you had something that caused couples desperate for children to walk away. It wasn’t unusual for the older kids to have what the nuns called ‘socialization issues.’
Throw enough people with socialization issues together and you get problems. The worst problem at the orphanage was Tommy Hills. At seventeen he was one of the biggest kids there. I found out later that the nuns had been trying to get rid of him for some time. I was trying to read a book, eat a sandwich, and walk out of the cafeteria at the same time. As soon as I ran into his tray, I knew I had made a gigantic mistake. In slow motion, I saw Tommy’s tray, a plate full of food, and glass filled with milk fly up and splatter the front of his shirt and pants. Even then I had good reflexes; I ducked his instinctive swing for my head. All the adults in the cafeteria swarmed on us. Even Tommy wasn’t dumb enough to try anything more right then.
Everyone in the cafeteria knew it wasn’t over. We all knew sooner or later, Tommy was going to kick my ass. I decided I didn’t want to live in fear. I figured the sooner I got beat the better. I was ten years old.
Later that day, I made sure one of Tommy’s friends saw me headed to the gymnasium. I was shooting baskets by myself when he and his gang came into the gym and locked the door. Even though my heart was racing and my palms were clammy with sweat, I was glad to see them. I knew it would be over faster if I didn’t resist.
Tommy was six feet tall and overweight, close to two hundred and fifty pounds. He didn’t say anything; just walked over to me and punched me in the face. I was knocked on my ass. I curled up in a ball as he began kicking me. I must have passed out because I woke up with agonizing pain. Something splintered inside me. I knew in that instant, I was going to die.
Tommy had me in a bear hug and was squeezing hard. I tried to speak, to beg him to stop. I couldn’t make a sound or even take a breath. I looked into his eyes and saw he was enjoying himself. He was just a stupid, vicious kid who was lucky enough to be bigger than me. This idiot was going to kill me for knocking his lunch on his chest. The thing that pissed me off the most was he was going to do it by accident.
Time stretched; my heart slowed, my inability to breathe no longer bothered me. My options raced through my mind: my arms and hands were trapped by my sides and I was pinned too close to kick him. It dawned on me my head was free, but the angle was wrong to bite him.
I hammered my forehead into his nose. As I pulled back, blood spurted from his nostrils. I remember how surprised he looked.
When I slammed my head into his face the second time, he screamed and fell backwards. I landed on top of him. I don’t know if it was the shock or the fall, but he was out cold. I grabbed him by the hair and pounded his head against the gym floor.
From behind me, an arm wrapped around my face; I bit into the arm until I reached bone. There was a scream and the arm disappeared. That was the last time one of Tommy’s friends tried to get involved.
Even after Tommy stopped squeezing me, I had to struggle to get air into my lungs. I ignored how weak I was getting and went back to pounding Tommy’s head on the floor. It took a while for the adults to come.
I found out later Tommy had shattered my right fourth rib. When he squeezed me, he drove a bone shard into my chest cavity. It pierced my lung and collapsed it. On the way to the hospital, the ambulance guys put a tube in my chest to keep me breathing. The doctors were surprised I made it to the hospital, and even more surprised that I survived the emergency surgery.
I’d fractured Tommy’s skull. He was in a coma for weeks. He was never the same after that; neither was I. The nuns finally had an excuse to get rid of Tommy, and I haven’t worried about a fight since then. Every time I saw the scar on my chest I was reminded how scared I was while waiting for him in the gym; how I’d given up before the fight even started. It irritated me that as a paladin, I was without blemish and my scar was gone. I’d earned that scar.
I knew this Jotunn had helped kill two paladins and hundreds of Oath Brothers. Right now, he didn’t look like a killer. It sucked to be on the opposite side of a frightened kid.
After Asvald’s body was pulled out of the holmgang, the kid shape shifted. Even in troll form he looked half-grown and gangly. His gear looked more worn than Asvald’s—like he was using hand-me-downs. He had a sword and shield. His shield was round and much smaller than Asvald’s. His chainmail shirt didn’t have sleeves.
He gave a wordless shout and stepped into the ring, shield first. His sword arm was back and raised high and ready to strike. Then he just stood there waiting for my attack. He’d learned the wrong lesson from Asvald’s failed shield rush. Asvald had had tried to take control of the fight from the very start. The only reason he’d failed was because he didn’t know he couldn’t knock me out of the holmgang, and got off-balance when he couldn’t. Even the best will occasionally screw up when they’re surprised—what were the odds that I’d have boots that stuck to the ground?
You go on the defense when you know what your opponent has in mind—when you have a plan for a counterattack. When you have no idea what your opponent is going to do, you try to surprise him, keep him off balance, and deny him the initiative. The easiest way to do that is to attack. 
I pointed my left arm at his head used my hand to make a ‘c’mere’ motion. Just as I started bringing my hand back down, I whispered, “Fulgar.” The electrodes shot from my sleeve and struck the kid’s face. As he jerked and began to fall, I jumped toward him.
“Obex.” My spear appeared in my right hand. I nailed him while I was still in the air. My spear went through his helmet and skull like they were made out of cardboard.
“Obex.” My spear disappeared.
I knelt down. The gaping wound in his head had carbonized edges like the wound had been seared from the inside out. I palmed the electrodes from my stun gun from his face as I closed his eyes. The Taser wires and electrodes were hard to see. It was possible the Jotunn hadn’t seen them.
I looked up. Signe was furious. It figured—join God’s army—and you too will have an opportunity to kill women and kids.
“You have three gifts.”
I shrugged.
“You lied.”
My laugh didn’t have any humor in it. “Yeah, right, whatever. We’re wasting time. Who’s next?” I knew it was a mistake as soon as I said it. Signe gave me a long, hard, calculating look. I’d been too contemptuous. I kept my body relaxed. I didn’t want things to escalate. My ass was grass if she didn’t stick to our bargain.
“If you kill me in single combat, you’ll get what I promised. You didn’t ask how many gifts I had. If you had asked, I would have told you; there were no lies. And if you’re lucky you’ll get three gifts.”
I tried to keep the relief off my face when she said, “Your skull will make a fine drinking vessel.” and then waved at her warband to pull the kid’s body out of the holmgang.
I was watching the Jotunn burn his body when I heard Samson’s voice. Even with my super hearing, it was so faint I could barely make out his words, but it was definitely him.

Chapter 24: Samson
Sven Serpent’s Breath was next up. I hadn’t bothered to remember most of the Jotunn’s names, but his was hard to forget.
He was thin, and at seven and a half feet, half a head shorter than Asvald. His spear was as long as he was tall with a three foot long head that could be used to slash or stab. He had leather chest armor, and metal bracers to protect his forearms. He didn’t wear gloves or a helmet. It looked like Sven preferred speed and ease of movement over protection. He didn’t look at all worried.
He walked into the circle and slowly cocked his head until his neck made a loud crack. He gave me a wiseguy’s smile and made the same ‘c’mere’ motion I’d used on the kid. I got the feeling he knew about my Taser.
I considered calling Sanguinis. On full auto, I could take out Sven quickly. I’d have an insurmountable advantage until the Jotunn figured out they had to close and grapple with me. It’s almost impossible to use a long gun effectively when you’re wrestling someone. The holmgang was only fifteen feet in diameter, and a seven foot Jotunn would reach me in one step. Once the surprise was gone, there was no way I’d be able to kill every single one of them before one finally got close enough to take me down.
Both my bang sticks were expended, and though I still had the Tasers and garrote, I couldn’t let the Jotunn get their hands on me; they were just too big and strong and heavy. They’d have too much advantage.
It was best to get Samson involved before I had to use Sanguinis.
“Obex.” I entered the holmgang and immediately ducked below his spear thrust at my neck.
I tried to nail his chest before he could bring his spearhead back. He dropped the butt of his spear shaft down and used it across his body to knock Obex off line. I used the momentum of his block to swing the back end of my spear toward his knee. He stepped back, out of my reach.
Our strikes and blocks came so fast I had to depend on my instincts. I couldn’t think fast enough to keep up with each attack. I tried to close in on him—to get inside the reach of his arms while he tried to keep me so far back I couldn’t touch him. Neither of us completely succeeded.
I wasn’t able to get Obex through his defenses. My pepper spray was supposed to be accurate and effective up to ten feet—that was bullshit. Realistically it was more like six feet. From second to second, move to move, Sven was constantly in and out of range. He never gave me enough time to line him up with my right forearm and trigger my other Taser.
There’s published research that proves to get really good at anything you have to practice it approximately two million times. One reason why athletes who start their training as kids are so good is that they get to two million repetitions earlier than guys who start training later. It was very clear that Sven knew how to use his spear. He had gotten through his two million repetitions a long time ago.
The problem was, I hadn’t. I’ve never trained with a spear before. As part of my martial arts training I’ve worked with bo staffs. Unfortunately for me, I hadn’t trained enough with the staff to quite reach the two million repetition mark, and a staff isn’t the same as a spear.
I felt a tap on my right sleeve and then my left shoulder. If it hadn’t been for my invulnerable jacket, he would have disabled my arms. If I didn’t finish this quick, Sven was going to kill me. It was time to get Samson involved.
I knew what Samson was planning to do; there was only one smart move. He was going to let me kill as many Jotunn as possible until I got killed or mortally wounded. Then he’d attack before the trolls could grab my gifts. My plan was to get a wound that only looked mortal.
I started raising my arms to protect my head and neck instead of my lower body. I did this slowly. I didn’t want Sven or Samson to think I was throwing the fight. My hands were only three inches out of position when he thrust his spear into the right side of my groin, laying my thigh open to the bone. An arc of arterial blood shot from my femoral artery. As I fell, he got me in the other thigh.
I watched from the ground, Obex held high to protect my chest and head. As Sven raised his spear for the killing strike, a flaming arrow took him in the head. He collapsed with a look of triumph on his face. He died happy.
The night sky was full of flaming arrows.
The average adult male with a severed femoral artery will pass out from blood loss in thirty seconds, and will be dead in three minutes. I brought up the spells I’d prepared to heal my thighs. My spell bar told me I’d use up two-thirds of my soul. “Akeitso-may.”
Suddenly, there were crows everywhere. “Sanguinis.” I pulled myself up to my knees. I hadn’t seen them change, but they had to be Jotunn.
My arms were shaking and my eyes wouldn’t focus. I ripped through my entire drum of buckshot at the birds in the sky and didn’t hit a single one. I pulled out the first of the energy gel packs I’d stashed in my pockets, bit it open, and sucked it down. Once that one was empty, I bit into the next until they were all gone. The goo tasted like shit but it stopped the shakes.
Even with a shotgun, it’s difficult to hit a bird in flight that’s jinking every few seconds. It’s almost impossible with an arrow. Samson’s men were very good. There were two crows on the ground with flaming arrows through them. I sent my helmet away. The cool night breeze on my face felt like a lover’s kiss. A couple of dozen men in modern looking, metallic full body armor—most of them armed with compound bows came into view. I could hear more men out of sight; my best guess was that Samson had brought close to two hundred Oath Brothers.
“Victor!” Samson’s armor lit up the night. He was as big as he sounded, about six five and built like a comic book super hero. He had the same glowing ‘knight in shining armor’ sword and shield Aidan had tried to give me. He sheathed his sword as he walked up to me.
He had Mediterranean coloring, short curly black hair, and bushy eyebrows. He was as good looking as me, but was so hyper-masculine that he could have been a gay porn star. The length of his five o’clock shadow let me hope he needed laser hair treatments on his back. He looked pissed.
I figured that this would be a good time to switch out my empty magazine for a thirty-two round drum of stabilized slugs.
I wasn’t looking forward to what was coming next. I got off the ground, slowly enough that I didn’t get light headed. When I got fully upright, he backhanded me. I was prepared. I twisted my head and upper body away from his hand to decrease the impact. Unfortunately, he was wearing a metal gauntlet; the slap stung like a bitch. I felt my lip split, and the right side of my face go numb. I spit blood, and wiped my mouth on the back of my hand.
I met his dark brown eyes. “I deserved that.” I forced myself to play nice and gave my best attempt at an ingratiating smile. “Thanks for coming to help.”
“Victor Paladin, you are a disgrace to your gifts. I call you unworthy of your station and a traitor to Our Lord, Jehovah. I charge you with blasphemy. Michael, I ask for judgment!”
Well, that didn’t sound good. “What are you talking about, Bill, and what’s up with the formal language?”
I heard B’s voice, “Vic, he wants to kill you, but he needs to get permission first. He just asked for permission.”
B walked toward us. He was accompanied by two other angels—they were too pretty to be anything else. One was a couple inches taller than B, and looked like a perfect, living, breathing, blond-haired, blue-eyed Ken doll. The other had brown hair, and was about my size. He looked like a super model who hadn’t been able to take a good dump for weeks. I instinctively thought ‘bean-counter’.
Ken started talking, “William Samson, do you truly believe this man is unworthy? Is there no doubt in your mind?”
“Michael, this man is unworthy and I have no doubt.”
I raised my hand. “Does it matter what I think?”
B replied. “You got two choices—accept Samson’s verdict and let him execute you, or dispute his accusation of blasphemy in a trial by combat.”
“As the challenged party, do I get to choose the weapons? How about Supersoakers or Nerf guns?” Only B grinned. It was a tough crowd.
Michael spoke, “Victor, you will use your gifts, and he will use his.”
I turned to Samson. “Hey man, I understand why you’re angry. You got good reason. But no harm, no foul. Because of me, six Jotunn are dead, and it doesn’t look like you guys took any casualties. We don’t have to do this.”
“You gambled with Jehovah’s gifts, blasphemer. We ARE going to do this.”
“Victor!” It was Mina. The rest of our group was behind her.
“Samael!” Andi made a beeline for the bean counter.
Michael acknowledged them with a quietly off-hand, “Be still, mortals!” They all froze in place. Only their eyes could move. Mina’s eyes didn’t look happy. He then turned to me. “There is a valid dispute. Trial by combat is approved.”
“Do I have time to put my helmet back on? What are the rules?”
“Ready yourself Paladin. The trial by combat does not end until one of you has slain the other. The rules are simple: do what you will to defend yourself. I will tell you when to begin.”
I’d hoped for a different outcome. I’d manipulated Samson—put my gifts at risk and insulted him to get him to do what I wanted. Despite the way I treated him, the more I learned about the guy, the more I respected him. You can judge a leader by the quality of his men. His men were impressive; the ambush against the Jotunn had gone perfectly.
I’d hoped that he wasn’t like me, but evidence proved otherwise. I wouldn’t let someone who’d blackmailed me live either. I didn’t want to fight Samson, but I wasn’t surprised I had to.
I called my helmet back and walked out into the middle of the street. I turned to face Samson, Sanguinis ready in my hands.
Samson unsheathed his sword as he walked toward me. He stopped ten feet away.
Michael’s voice was calm, “Begin.”
The Boise Paladin had his sword in his right hand. We both moved at the same time. I dropped down into a squat and fired a three round burst at his left foot. Like I’d hoped, he made a straight arm lunge leading with his right foot. It was basically the same opening move that Sven had used. Hand-to-hand is a lot like chess; there aren’t that many good opening moves.
If I hadn’t dropped, his sword would have gone through my head. His left foot didn’t move. All three of my rounds were on target and punched through his armor, pulping his foot and ankle.
I jumped out of his way as he fell, and then took a few steps back. Samson was on the ground trying to crouch behind his invulnerable shield. The shield wasn’t big enough to cover all of him. I aimed for his head, and when he raised his shield, I blew a hole in his right ankle.
Bill Samson spent his entire life mastering the sword and shield. Against any opponent with traditional edged weapons, I’m sure he was death on two legs. Unfortunately for him, he’d brought a blade to a gun fight.
He couldn’t get to me, but I could get to him. Whenever he covered his head, he left his lower body open, and vice-versa. Samson was quick and he never panicked. I had to fire nineteen times—as fast as I could aim and pull the trigger—until he stopped moving.
In the end, Samson made the best of a bad deal. He would have lived longer if he hadn’t sent his gifts away, but only a little longer. As soon as he did, I put three rounds through the center of his breastplate. I would have been disappointed in him if he’d left me his sword and shield. Though his slug-riddled body looked peaceful, I knew from personal experience that paladins could be healed of horrendous wounds. It would be foolish to give him a second chance. A short burst on full auto reduced his head to a bloody smear.
I switched out my magazine—another drum of stabilized slugs, and studied the Boise Oath Brothers surrounding me. They weren’t pleased. I didn’t think they’d attack; Samson had died in a heavenly sanctioned duel, but it couldn’t hurt to have Sanguinis fully loaded and ready to go.
I willed my helmet back into storage. I knew it was just in my head, but with it off I felt like I could finally breathe. I turned to Michael. He looked like a football fan whose team had lost the Super Bowl. “What now?”
“Go back to Salt Lake City, Victor Paladin. Your fate awaits you.”
“Victor!” It was Mina. She was running toward me. When I turned back, Michael was gone—leaving B and Samael behind.
Mina came up and her hand hovered over the swollen side of my face. “Are you okay?” My face hadn’t hurt until she asked; now it hurt like hell. I checked my soul bar to see what it would take to heal myself. It was another five percent of my soul. “Akeitso-may.”
Mina still wasn’t used to magic. I saw her eyes widen as the swelling on my face went down. She smiled, “That’s a useful talent.” She turned to look at Samson’s body. Again she asked, “Are you okay?”
Before I could respond, I felt a pat on my shoulder. It was B. “Vic, I got to hand it to you. You got a knack for ending friends and influencing people. You’re now on two archangel’s shit lists.” He turned to Mina and offered his hand. “Hey! I’m B, Vic’s guardian angel. You’re Mina. I know so much about you.”
Mina blinked as she took his hand. “We’ve never met. Don’t you mean, ‘You’ve heard so much about me’?”
B leered, “I said ‘know’ not ‘heard’, honey. I’m a guardian angel. I’ve been watching you for a long time and I have to tell you the view’s been good.”
You could always depend on B to be an asshole. Mina’s face flushed. I pushed myself between them and put my arm around her waist. “It’s okay, Mina. He’s just a wannabe stalker. He doesn’t have the equipment to be anything else.”
He started laughing like we were friends. “Oh man, hit me where it hurts.”
Mina nudged me aside, pulled her hand from B’s grip, made a finger, and poked it into B’s chest. “I don’t give a crap if you have equipment or not, but if your job is to look out for Vic, you need to do it better!” B’s mouth gaped in surprise for a second and then he grinned. I guess he liked a challenge. I was more affected than he was; for the first time in my life, I felt the embarrassment of being defended by a woman.
I really didn’t need to see Mina and B fighting. One of these days I had to tell her, ‘You don’t want to wrestle a pig. You get dirty and the pig likes it.’ As I guided her away from B, I saw Andi with Samael. She was bitching him out. Ben hovered like a protective older brother. The Boise Oath Brothers were taking care of the bodies; Samson and Jotunn both. Aidan and Tim were conversing with Father Mallory, and using a lot of hand gestures and body English. Mina and I headed toward the body on the stairs.
She whispered tight lipped as she wiped psychic slime from her right hand onto her jeans, “Vic, B’s really your guardian angel?”
“He’s actually an archangel.”
“Ewww.”
“Yeah.”
Several Oath Brothers circled the Jotunn’s body, keeping a wary distance. One of them drew a bow with a burning arrow and aimed for the Jotunn’s head from about six feet away.
“Stop!”
They looked at me. I waved them back.
“Sir! He’s still alive. Give him enough time and he’ll heal.”
“I know.” I knelt down by his head to take a closer look. The troll’s face looked like two pounds of raw hamburger mixed with an equal amount of clotted blood—his mouth a gaping hole. Flies swarmed over his wound. The back half of the head was intact. I reached for his neck; his pulse was strong. I looked back up at the Oath Brothers around us. “It’s okay guys. I’ll take over from here.”
The Boise Oath Brothers were reluctant, but they left without arguing. It’s better to be lucky than good. Thinking back, I should have taken the time to pick the Jotunn killing shotgun shells from the Thorgrins before we left Salt Lake City. But if I had I would have loaded my bang sticks with white phosphorus rounds and I wouldn’t have a Jotunn prisoner.
Mina waited until they were out of easy hearing distance. “Vic, what’s going on?”
“What’s going on honey, is Vic kicked some major troll ass and got himself ass-deep in heavenly politics.” B put up his hands to ward off Mina’s warning glare. With a smile he started bragging, “I’ve got good ears, sweetie. What Vic didn’t tell ya is there’s no one else in heaven like me. I’m one of a kind in a sky full of sanctimonious mamma’s boys who don’t even have the excuse of having mammas. I’m the ‘special’ archangel—the only bad boy left in Jehovah’s posse.”
I interrupted before Mina slapped him on principle. “What do you want B?”
“I know you lovebirds want to be alone, but you need to know Signe Ericsdottir isn’t a Mythic Hero. She didn’t come here by random chance. She’s a defector.”
“So what?”
B laughed at a private joke. “Before she entered our Universe she stole something important from Valhalla. The Norse gods are in a tizzy. Odin hasn’t had this kind of hissy-fit since Michael grabbed Tyr’s sword. If they find out she’s here, it’s gonna be war.”
“Isn’t that exactly what Samael wants?”
“Not quite. He wants it to look like the Norse broke the treaty. He wants the appearance of a just war. Now, it looks like we’re the side that started it.”
“But he still gets what he wants.”
B shook his head. “Vic, you got to understand; Jehovah is a Boy Scout. The Big Kahuna doesn’t lie and He doesn’t go back on His word. If our side broke the treaty first, He’ll make reparations if that’ll avoid starting an unjust war. Samael’s missing nuts are in a vise; any reparations made will eventually come out of his ass.”
“This still doesn’t make any sense. Why is a Jotunn thief Samael’s problem?”
For once my guardian angel looked embarrassed. “It’s his problem because I narced on Samael. It’s poor form to be a tattle-tale but what the hell, I don’t work or play well with others anyway. I told Michael that one of our own was helping Jotunn kill Paladins. Michael’s in charge of every paladin except you, and he’s real protective of his people. One of these days, I’m going to explain to you how much of a pain in the ass it was for a no-account like me to set up a meeting with the third most powerful being in heaven. He squeezed the truth out of Samael.
“Samael is Jehovah’s head spook; he’s in charge of extra-dimensional intelligence. Signe Ericsdottir contacted his people about wanting to defect to our universe. Samael made a deal with her. He’d let her come over if she helped start a war between us and the Norse, and then reward her if she succeeded by sending her to a disputed universe where no one deity or pantheon has dominion.
“She’s been here ten years, but Samael only found out a couple days ago from a source in Asgard that she stole a magical item from the Norse gods just before she entered our Universe. Odin didn’t realize the item was missing until recently. Samael claims he didn’t know Signe was using her defection as a getaway. Odin knows Signe is the thief, but as of now he doesn’t know where she is. If he finds out she’s here and Samael helped her escape, they’ll be hell to pay.”
I wanted to ask about the disputed universe, but couldn’t allow B to learn I was interested. “What’d she steal?
B put his palms up. “Samael’s source doesn’t know. It can’t be Thor’s hammer or Odin’s spear; those items would have been missed right away, but it has to be something major for Odin to be this pissed.” He waved his hand dismissively. “Tyr’s sword is old news. Michael’s had it since the Scandinavians converted to Christianity and the Norse gods retreated from our Universe.”
“B, what…” I stopped in mid-sentence when Mina put her hand on my arm.
“What’s going on between Samael and my sister?”
From the expression on his face, I’d have bet B was going to give her a smartass reply. I had a pretty good idea how she’d react. It was going to be ugly. To my surprise B stopped to reconsider when he saw her face. He gave Mina a real answer. “Now that the shit’s hit the fan and everything is out in the open, probably not much. I don’t want to sound like I’m defending the little shit, but Samael thinks he’s one of the good guys. Unlike our Fearless Leader, Michael and most of the other archangels, he’s a big picture guy—you know, ends justify the means and you have to break some eggs to make omelets kind of crap. Andi’s an obvious innocent and he doesn’t have a ‘greatest good’ reason to try to use her anymore; he’s going to leave her alone.”
B turned to me, his face grim. “You on the other hand, he’ll be out to get forever.”
I shrugged. I thought I knew the answer but I asked anyway, “Why?”
“It’s pretty obvious. He’s pissed at me. The best way to get to me is to kill you. If you’re dead, I go back to the Eastern front. Also, if you’d died right away like you were supposed to have, he probably never would have been caught. From his point of view, it’s your fault he’s in deep doodoo.”
My smile didn’t reach my eyes. “It’s a good thing you got my back.”
B shot me a great big grin. “Victor, I got your back. I got your front. I got both sides. In fact…” and with a flourish, B burst into song like he was in a high school musical. “…I got youuu, babe.” He gestured for me to take the female part of the duet. When I didn’t, he sang both the male and female parts. He even mimed us walking hand in hand. After he finished, our smiles were mirror images. I despise musicals and I knew he had purposely picked one of the worst songs ever written. Neither of our faces had a hint of friendliness.
“Vic, you should have joined me. I don’t know what your voice was like before, but all of God’s chosen” he rolled his eyes, fluttered his hands underneath his chin and went into a falsetto, “sing like angels.”
Like that was ever going to happen.
Mina’s grip on my arm got tighter. “You’re going to help Vic, right?”
B sighed, “Sweetie, I’m helping Vic the best I can by telling him what’s going on. I’m not allowed to do anything else.” He turned to me. “Samael is always going to want your ass, but Michael isn’t petty. There’s a chance we can get him on our side. He’s not happy about you killing Samson but he understands you didn’t have much choice. If you kill Signe and reclaim the stolen whatever-it-is so we can return it to Odin, he’s going to be grateful. You and I both could use some friends.
“Hey look—Ben and Andi want to talk to you.”
I turned around. Our whole group was there. It looked like they’d been there for a while. I’d been too distracted to notice.
Ben spoke first, “Vic, I talked to Father Mallory. He said the Jotunn’s choppers are yours by right of conquest. What were you planning on doing with them?”
I shrugged. I already had a bike.
Andi was too excited to wait for my answer, “Can we take them? I’ve always wanted a Harley!”
“You know how to ride a motorcycle?”
She took a little hop of joy. “We used to go dirt bike riding in Moab with my Dad. I totally know how to ride!”
I checked out Mina’s expression; she looked as excited as her brother and sister. “If you want a bike, take one.”
Mina frowned. “We don’t have helmets...”
Tim broke in. “We have helmets. Give me a few minutes and I can pull them here from storage in Salt Lake City. They’re designed for combat but will work fine as motorcycle helmets. All we have to do is set up a link to our Salt Lake Armory and…”
His pasty face flushed bright red when Andi hugged him with a squeal and Ben exclaimed, “Dude! You are awesome!”
Mina threw me a promise over her shoulder, “We’ll talk later” as she ran toward the bikes with Ben, Tim, and Andi. I had to smile as I watched her from behind. The view was stunning, as usual. You had to respect a girl who chose a bike over a conversation.
I turned to Aidan. “You don’t want one?”
He harrumphed, “My lad, at my age a comfortable seat is a wonderful thing. I can think of any number of other things I would rather do than expose myself to the elements on a bone rattling hunk of metal for hours at highway speeds.”
I noticed then that B had left. He seemed to enjoy blinking out unexpectedly. Michael and Samael were also gone.
I pointed to the Jotunn. “How long do you think it’d take for him to wake up?”
Aidan stared at the Jotunn; his eyes got distant. About a minute later, he looked up. “My best guess is a day-and-a-half to two days. I would feel better about my guess if I was confident we could keep him under control when he wakes. I have manacles strong enough to hold most minions, but I’m not sure they they’ll hold the Jotunn.”
“We’ll put the manacles on him and then wrap platinum wire around his wrists, ankles and neck and then attach them to fixed objects around him. If he starts moving, he’ll take care of himself.”
The leprechaun looked like he was picturing the Jotunn struggling, breaking through his manacles and then slicing through his own wrists, ankles, and neck. He winced and then nodded his agreement. “We should wrap him in a tarp. If he wakes up, he’ll get blood everywhere.”

Chapter 25: Going Home
Mina, Andi, Ben, and Tim were having a blast out in front of us on their new bikes. Aidan was driving. He was sitting on a cushion so he could see over the dashboard and had attached lifts to the accelerator and brake pedal so he could reach them. Since the van had separate captain’s chairs in the front, I was in the passenger seat eating the ten hotdogs loaded with all the fixings I’d bought at a highway gas station. After Aidan cast a spell to block the stench coming from the Jotunn in the back of the van, the drive back to Salt Lake City was almost pleasant.
It hadn’t taken long for Tim and the Swensons to pick out their bikes. I told Father Mallory he could have the rest. I was tempted to ask him what his plans were now that Samson was gone, but I didn’t think it was my place. The fact that he had close to two hundred well organized and well trained Oath Brothers let me hope they’d do better than the Salt Lake Brothers had done.
For the first hour or so, Aidan and I kept a companionable silence. I needed to unwind and Aidan let me. We were about a hundred miles out from Salt Lake City when I asked Aidan about something that had been bugging me for a while. “Aidan, when the Jotunn change shapes, their size, weight, and mass all change. How’s that possible? Doesn’t that violate the First Law of Thermodynamics?”
My armorer smiled. “Energy is the equivalent of mass multiplied by the square of the speed of light. At the most basic and fundamental level, energy and mass are different forms of the same thing.
“Human scientists have theorized that up to seventy-three percent of the total energy and eighty-three percent of the mass in our Universe is undetectable by normal human senses or state of the art human technology. They call this dark energy and dark matter, and they are literally the stuff of magic.
“Until recently humans called dark energy ‘aether.’ If a given amount of conventional matter is converted to conventional energy, there’s no way to control the release and there’d be the equivalent of a nuclear explosion. Dark matter and dark energy don’t work that way.
”When the Jotunn shapeshift, they convert mass into dark energy and vice versa. Were it not for the fact that using magic burns the soul, we’d have access to potentially unlimited energy.”
Aidan let me think about his answer for a little while and then he spoke, “Victor, what bargain did you make with the Jotunn?”
“They’re going to leave us alone for at least four weeks.”
“How can you know that they’ll uphold their end of the agreement?”
“If they don’t, their dicks will fall off.” Aidan snorted through his nose. I hoped for my sake that they’d keep to their agreement. I was pretty sure the Jotunn would prefer death before dicklessness. I was absolutely sure I’d be totally screwed if they didn’t give me time to prepare.
“What are we going to do once the four weeks are over?”
“I’ve hired mercenaries.”
He sounded shocked. “Victor, human mercenaries will have no chance against the Jotunn!”
“Aidan, correct me if I’m wrong, but Bill Samson was a superior paladin.”
“That he was.” I could tell Aidan had no idea where I was going with this.
“If I’d had a normal, non-magical shotgun, I would have killed him just as easily as I did with Sanguinis. A sniper with no magical talent can hit a Jotunn-sized target a half mile away. In the old days when the only weapons humans had were swords and spears, magical weapons made a huge difference. Nowadays with automatic weapons, rocket propelled grenades, and other such hardware, an ordinary human shouldn’t have any problems taking out a Jotunn.
“Aidan, I’m not worried about how well the mercenaries will do; I’m worried about the item Signe stole. You have any ideas about what it could be?”
“She could have stolen some of Idunn’s apples.”
Idunn’s apples sounded vaguely familiar. “What are those?”
“They’re the source of the Norse gods’ immortality. Each apple is the distilled essence of tens of thousands of souls. If a human took just one bite, he’d regain his lost youth and become a demigod for a number of months. Were he to eat a whole apple he’d gain the powers of a Norse god for the same time period. Odin probably eats one of them a week. If he didn’t, he would begin to age, and grow progressively weaker.”
“You don’t think she stole a weapon?”
“The Norse love weapons. Warlike as they are, even when they’re not fighting they’re constantly cleaning, sharpening, and practicing with their gear. I cannot imagine ten years passing without them noticing the loss of a major weapon. I can see a decade passing before they’d notice the loss of several of Idunn’s apples.”
“So you’re telling me I might have to fight a Jotunn with the powers of a Norse god? What kind of powers does a Norse god have?”
“Sure, and they’re hard to damage. You couldn’t kill one with Obex or Sanguinis. A low yield nuclear weapon, say five kilotons, would probably suffice to kill one.”
Fuck! “B! B, I need to talk to you.” Nothing happened.
“B!”
“Dude!” I heard B in seat behind me. “Has anyone ever told you that you do an amazing imitation of Andi Swenson? Who’d a thunk you could be so true to the essence of a sixteen year old girl? Can you now say, ‘I need you’ with tears in your eyes? That’d be totally awesome.”
I fought off the urge to call Sanguinis so I could shoot him in the head. “What are the chances of Signe having one or more of Idunn’s apples?”
“The bottom line is we don’t know what she’s got, but Idunn’s apples fits with what little we do know.”
“What’s the best way to kill a god?”
“Call up an army of angels.”
“So if she eats one of those apples, I can call for help?”
“Not exactly. If she kills you because she has godly powers, I can call up an army and avenge you. But until then—until there’s proof she’s a god—we have to treat her like any other minion. She’s been here for years and we’ve never seen her use god-like powers. It’s your job, or if you’re really, really lucky—some other paladin’s job to take care of her.”
I wanted to scream. It had been a complete fuck of a day. The last thing I needed was to be told I didn’t have a chance—that all my efforts were useless. I wondered how hard it would be to obtain a nuclear weapon; maybe Drew could get me one. Even if I could get one, how the hell was I going to survive setting one off?”
“Vic.” B almost sounded sympathetic.
“Yeah. What?”
“Idunn’s apples are just a possibility. Try not to stress about shit you can’t do anything about.” I sensed him leave the van.
For the rest of the trip there was complete silence. We pulled in the Swenson’s driveway a little after 4 a.m. Mina, Ben, Andi, and Tim looked beat but happy. As they unloaded the van, Andi was giggling and talking to Mina about how cool it was to have her own bike.
Aidan, Tim, Ben and I carried the Jotunn down into the basement. We cocooned him in duct tape and all of Aidan’s platinum wire so that if he tried to struggle or escape, he’d slice himself to pieces.
Once I was alone in my apartment, it was sheer luxury to finally take a shower. Mina promised me before we left for Salt Lake City that we’d talk. I hoped her definition of talking was the same as mine. I toweled myself off, got on my bed. I turned on my laptop and updated my journal. I passed out as soon as I finished.
I woke, alert but disoriented, to the sound of the door to my room opening. I was naked on top of my bedcovers. “Azam-shay.”
“Vic?” It was Mina. “Are you awake?”
Relaxing, I sat up against the headboard while reaching over to turn on the reading light by my bed. My true love appeared out of the shadows wearing a short silk robe, loosely tied at her waist. As she came closer into the light, the deep open V of her robe outlined the curves of her breasts. I saw a hint of her panties at the apex of her slender, tanned legs as she walked toward me.
“What are you doing in your motorcycle gear?” She asked, smiling. “Is it like sleeping in your Superman pajamas?” She sat next to me on the side of the bed then tapped my helmet. “Can you take this off so I can see you?” I sent it back to storage. I put my hands on her waist and loosened the knot of her belt. I felt her shiver at my touch. I didn’t look down as I untied her belt.
Mina’s breath quickened, “I promised we’d talk.”
I ran my hands lightly through her hair on either side of her face, smoothing her hair back over her shoulders. My hands slipped under the robe at her neck, and with my fingers, I pushed it off her shoulders and down her arms. She was wearing matching opalescent camisole and panties that shimmered in the direct light and became sheer in the shadows. Her veiled breasts were works of art. “I remember.”
Mina’s voice was a whisper, “Are you tired?” She smiled seductively. “Am I distracting you?” She leaned forward and touched my leather jacket with a question in her eyes. I sent my Jacket away.
“No. Yes.” It was her turn to look at me. I let my hands move up and down her sides then circled her breasts, lightly fondling and squeezing. I watched her pupils dilate as she licked her lips and visibly swallowed, leaning into my hands with a murmur of approval—wanting more. Her eyes were heavy lidded as she watched the path her hands were taking, touching my arms and shoulders, rubbing my biceps and lightly massaging across my chest. She used her nails, pressing hard, scraping down my stomach muscles to the zipper of my leather pants, then up again over my chest and nipples.
Winding her arms around my neck while rubbing herself sinuously against me, she gently kissed my cheeks, my face. I wrapped her tightly in my arms. Our lips met softly until I licked her lips, opening her mouth with my tongue. Our kisses went hard, explosive. For an instant our souls touched. I knew she wanted me as much as I did her.
I gripped her wrists and rolled her on the bed until I lay on top, her legs parting to cradle me. I kissed and licked her neck, blowing soft air across the moistness. Mina groaned, arching her back to rub her breasts and nipples against my chest, saying almost inaudibly, “Oh my God, keep doing that!” I slowly moved up, kissing her neck until I reached her earlobe and started sucking rhythmically. Holding me close, she shivered and moved against me, sighing my name in my ear on long groan.
She ran her hands down my back stroking and massaging. She tugged at my leather pants. “Vic!”
“Azam-shay.”
She gripped me and pulled my naked body tighter against her, rubbing her heels up and down the backs of my legs. I brushed her nipple; she trembled and moaned. When I squeezed her nipple and bit down on her earlobe, she started moving her head from side to side, moaning louder and telling me I was driving her crazy.
I felt Mina’s nails on my back as she bit my lower lip, then kissed me deeply, sucking on my tongue. When she spread her legs wider, I ignored her invitation and squeezed harder on her nipple and then tugged gently, then squeezing harder again while she moaned against my mouth. She broke our kiss and was thrashing against the covers, repeatedly saying my name, when I gently moved her hands aside and pulled her camisole off—throwing it across the room.
I grabbed her wrists and pulled them over her head. I held her wrists immobile with one hand while biting and sucking on her nipples. She groaned her pleasure as she wrapped her legs around my waist, moving her hips up and down. With my free hand on her leg, I lightly ran my fingers up her inner thigh until I reached the edge of her panty. I allowed one finger, then another, to barely ease underneath. She moved against my fingers as I stroked her lightly without letting my fingers penetrate, my mouth still licking and kissing her breasts. Moaning loudly, straining to release her hands from my grip, she lifted her hips and begged for me to touch her deeper, to let her touch me. As I slowly pulled my fingers away, she twisted her body to try to follow them exclaiming fiercely, “Oh, you teasing bastard.” I released her wrists, sat back, and pulled her panties off in one motion.
I abruptly got on my knees and put my hands under her ass and lifted her to my mouth. I devoured her until she came. She was still coming, screaming my name, when I lowered her to the bed and prepared to bury myself in her. As soon as the tip of my dick touched her, I became completely limp.
GOD DAMMIT! I could not FUCKING believe I had completely forgotten about my sexual limitations. My groin was now completely numb.
“Vic, what’s wrong?” Mina sat up on her elbows, eyes still glazed and unfocused, as she stared at me in surprise.
Oh shit. I barely made it to the toilet in time. I was still on my knees, dry heaving, when she followed me into the bathroom. “Oh my God, you’re sick!” She handed me the towel off the bar. “Can I get you anything?
“I’m not sick. I’m still new to the paladin thing. I forgot that I can’t have sex outside of marriage.” I wiped my face with the towel.
Mina shook her head in astounded disbelief. “Seriously? You FORGOT this? You have got to be kidding me!”
“I wish I was.” It wasn’t just my broken dick. The thought of some God damned heavenly bureaucrat watching me and Mina made me want to kill. The certainty that somewhere, B was laughing his ass off made me wish I HAD called Sanguinis, shoved the muzzle in his mouth, and taken the top of his head off
I got up and went to the sink and washed my face. I rinsed my mouth out with mouthwash and spit it out. I was almost getting used to puking.
“I don’t understand! Vic, are you sure you’re okay? I felt your penis…just collapse. Was it painful?”
I couldn’t feel anything. It was not a happy situation. “It’s okay. I’m completely numb.”
Mina hugged me from behind. Her warmth felt good. She snickered against my back, “I do believe, ‘It’s okay. I’m completely numb’ has got to be the worst line anyone has ever said after interrupted sex.” She snuggled against me, wriggling her naked body to fit tighter against me and giggled, “I just feel bad; you didn’t get a chance to have as much fun as me. You’re not going to be numb forever, right?”
I turned to face her. When she saw my face, her smile became a look of concern.
My true love was smart enough to realize I didn’t find my limp dick funny, but she was right, ‘I’m completely numb’ was an awful line. Fortunately, I felt pins and needles in my groin. It was a miserable sensation but it told me I wouldn’t be numb forever. It was amazing how scary it had been to lose the feeling in my dangly bits.
Every ounce of exhaustion I had forgotten when Mina walked into my room dropped on me like a ton of bricks. “It’s going to be okay. Let’s go to sleep.” My true love also understood I wasn’t in the mood for laughs and tickles. She quietly followed me to my bed. I pulled back the disheveled bedcovers and turned off the light. I lay down on my back, holding out my arm.
Mina slid in next to me, laying on her side, and rested her head on my chest with her hand splayed on my stomach. I encircled her with my arms. “Is your feeling back?”
“Yes.”
“I love you, Victor Paladin.”
Despite my exhaustion, frustration, and anger, my reply was easy, “I love you, Mina Swenson.”

Chapter 26: The Proposal
When I woke, the sun was high. Mina wasn’t snoring. She had a slight hint of a smile on her face. I had to figure out a way to get some privacy from the heavenly host. Just thinking about someone else watching us last night made my temperature rise.
I listened to the household. Aidan and Tim were up, Ben and Andi weren’t.
I grabbed some clothes, and as quietly as possible got ready in the bathroom. I knew I should wait for her to wake up. Mina and I had so much to talk about. I had so much to explain.
In the last four days, I’d spent more time interacting with others than I had in the entire previous year. I not only enjoyed being alone, I needed solitude. There was no doubt I loved Mina but I also had to get my head straight before talking seriously with her, and to do that I needed some alone time. 
I got out of the house without anyone noticing. Tim and Aidan were busy downstairs. I could hear them working on the Jotunn’s restraints. I walked a couple blocks away from the house and sent a text message to Drew to meet me at the Sugar House Barnes and Noble.
“Harley.” My bike appeared behind me. It took a few minutes to get to the bookstore. I had gotten some coffee and a bunch of books on Norse mythology when I got a text message back letting me know he’d meet me in two hours.
I have a system when I’m trying to learn a new subject quickly. Every discipline and subject has its own language. If I go through the tedium of learning the vocabulary of a new subject, it’s a lot easier to grasp the concepts and nuances of that subject. To accomplish this, I skim through each book until I find a word whose meaning I don’t know and then memorize the definition of that word. It’s brutally boring to go through a bunch of books and look up new words. But if I invest the time to do this, I learn which book is the best of the bunch and when I finally actually read that book, I truly understand and retain the information.
I memorized the names of nine worlds of Norse Mythology, Asgard, home of the Norse gods, Vanaheim, home of the Vanir, Alfheim, the home of the Light Elves, Jotunheim, the home of giants and trolls, Svartalfheim, the home of the Dark Elves, Nidavellir, the home of Dwarves, and finally, Midgard or Earth.
I looked up the name of every known magical weapon in Norse mythology. Gungnir was Odin’s magical spear that never missed and always killed its mark. Mjolnir was Thor’s hammer that could knock down mountains and always returned to his hand. Thor also had a magic belt called Megingjord that increased his strength. There were a couple other magic swords, Dainsleif, Hofund, and Laevateinn owned by various other gods.
Zen monks will focus on a dripping faucet or repeat the same nonsense koan over and over to escape their conscious minds. Studying like this helped me do the same. For a time, I forgot about Mina, Jotunn, and Joey and lost myself in pure research. It was what my mind needed.
I was in the process of researching Idunn and her apples when Drew walked in. I had last seen him eight years ago. His head was shaved and he was a little thicker around the middle, but he was still mostly muscle; six one and about two hundred pounds. At fifty-one, he was past his prime but he was still extremely dangerous. My new senses revealed that Drew had some angel genes, and that he had roughly half the magical potential Tim did. 
I watched his intense blue eyes pass over me and then return. His brows lifted in surprise. He walked up to my table and sat down. “Very pretty. I never thought you’d be the type for cosmetic surgery.”
“I’m not.”
He grinned, “So you found the fountain of youth?”
My face was expressionless when I answered, “Kind of.”
He lost his grin. “You’re serious.”
Human beings are herd animals. Drew never had the herd scent. He was always noticeably different. Nowadays, he would have been diagnosed as having ADD and Asperger’s Syndrome. Back at the orphanage, he was just an odd duck with no social skills who couldn’t be bothered to finish any assignment or task he was given.
Drew is four years older than me, and when you’re a kid that’s a huge age difference. We didn’t become friends until we killed a man together; you could say it was a bonding experience. They never found the body, but the nuns and police were suspicious. Seventeen-year-old Drew was encouraged to join the military. They couldn’t do anything to me because I was only thirteen, but then I crippled an adult who touched me—that got me a one way ticket to juvie.
Say ‘Attention Deficit Disorder’ and most people think of a hyperactive kid bouncing off the walls. This wasn’t Drew; he had the opposite problem. He was intelligent and coordinated, but couldn’t focus long enough to take full advantage of either trait.
The Army changed that. Since WWII, the US military has been giving sleep deprived soldiers stimulants. Amphetamines changed Drew’s life: for the first time, he was able to focus and he discovered something he wanted to focus on.
A bullet in flight corkscrews through the air. Distance, gravity, muzzle velocity, bullet weight and shape, air density, and wind all affect a bullet’s trajectory. There are people who instinctively understand this—Drew wasn’t one of them. He devoted himself to studying ballistics with a single-minded intensity, and spent thousands of hours practicing on the range. He became extremely good at killing things from far away. Once he’d learned everything the army could teach him, he went into business for himself as an independent contractor.
In juvie, I learned how to be an enforcer, steal identities, fence goods, and launder money. Every once in a while, even loners need someone they can trust, so we kept in touch. If the nuns could see us now, they’d probably say we’d never overcome our socialization issues—they would be right.
“Do you want to see a troll?”
He mulled over my question. There was no humor in his voice—only interest—when he asked, “The cute-ugly kind with multicolored hair, or the ones that live under bridges?”
“The kind from Norse Mythology that turn into stone when exposed to sunlight.”
“Yeah, I’d like to see one of those.”
“Let’s go. We’ll take your car.” We walked out to Drew’s Chrysler minivan. “You still driving a mom-mobile?”
Drew got into the driver’s seat. “Don’t knock it. Pound for pound, the most dangerous drivers in the world drive minivans. Where we going?”
I gave him directions to the Swenson’s house. “So, did you bring an M-2 like I asked?”
As we took off into traffic, he shook his head. “An M85C. I’ve got it disassembled and packed in a crate in the back. I also brought two M72 LAW rockets.
It figured. Shit!
He glanced over at me and grinned. “I know that look. I’ve used the M85. If you can keep it absolutely clean and inspect the ammo carefully—which admittedly is hard to do in a combat environment—it’s reliable enough. Besides, it was the only thing I could find in the time frame you needed; it was either an M85 or nothing.” He gave a shrug. “Just so you know, I don’t usually keep anti-material weapons ready at hand. It was sheer luck I was able to get the M85 and the two LAW rockets. They’re the M72E9s, the latest version with the improved warhead. They’re out of the packaging, but they’re still sealed so they should be good. By the way, you owe me five grand each for the rockets. I’m not going to charge you for the M85 because I’m going to keep it.”
The M-2 .50 caliber Browning Machine Gun was John M. Browning’s magnum opus. Developed at the close of World War One, it was originally designed to shoot down aircraft. It was equally good at shooting down almost everything else, including most armored vehicles, reinforced concrete walls, and hopefully, Jotunn. There’ve been a few improvements made over the years, but basically, it’s the same reliable weapon as originally designed. The M-2 has been in continuous use by the US Military for almost a hundred years.
Instead of one of the best anti-vehicle weapons in the world, Drew had brought me the New Coke of heavy machine guns.
Granted, the M85C was smaller and lighter than the M-2. It had a selectable rate of fire, and it was supposed to be the modern, new and improved replacement for the M-2. Unfortunately, it was picky, delicate, complicated, and a bitch to maintain. Even worse, instead of using the same pull-out link ammo belt as the M-2, the M85C used a special push-through link which jammed all the time. After years of trying to get New Coke to work, the US Military went back to the M-2.
I had about three hours of practice time on the M-2. I had never had the opportunity to try the M85C but I’d read a lot of bad press. I knew I had no other options; it wasn’t like I could go to a local gun shop and just pick up an M-2. I trusted Drew. If he said he could keep it working, I believed him
I was not happy about the M85. The LAWs were another story. I’d taken down a Jotunn with buckshot in the face; a LAW might be a tad excessive, but as every soldier knows, ‘overkill isn’t’. Even at five grand apiece, I was fine with Drew buying them. If we didn’t use them, I could always sell them to someone else.
I switched topics, “Were you able to hire some mercs?”
Drew nodded. “My contact’s name is Yuri Petrov. He’s a former Colonel with the Russian Federal Security Service, fought in Afghanistan, Chechnya, and Georgia. He started off in Department V. During the Cold War, all of the KGB assassins came from Department V.” He became silent for moment as he reviewed what he wanted to tell me. “Oh yeah, as soon as you wire a half a million US into his account he’ll head this way. He said it’ll take three days to prepare his gear and another three weeks to get here. He wants another half million when he gets here and one million when we’re done. He says he can bring a team of thirty.”
“You trust him?”
“I’ve worked with him before.” Drew shrugged. “He’s as trustworthy as anyone else in the business. It’s not like we have a lot of choices. There aren’t that many competent, experienced guys willing to get dirty in the CONUS.”
“Where’s he coming from?”
“Didn’t ask. If I had, he wouldn’t have told me.”
“What kind of gear is he bringing?”
“I told him we have to take out the equivalent of nineteen armored troop carriers inside a US city. He claims he has the gear to accomplish the mission. I didn’t get the details. Oh yeah, he expects us to have a demobilization and exfiltration plan in place for him and his people. If he doesn’t like it, he’ll walk and the five hundred K deposit goes with him.” 
I pulled out my phone as Drew turned into the driveway. Three weeks and three days was cutting it close. I transferred five hundred thousand dollars into Petrov’s account. Afterwards, I turned to Drew, “Let’s go see a troll.”
When we were in the house, I could hear Mina upstairs in her bedroom. I called up, “Mina” from the bottom of the stairs. As she came down the stairs, I could see that she wasn’t pleased I’d snuck out earlier. “I’d like to introduce you to my friend, Drew MacDonald. Drew, this is Mina Swenson.” I like living dangerously so I added with a smile, “Mina is my lovely land lady.”
She rolled her eyes at me, turned to Drew and put out her hand, “Hi, Drew. Nice to meet you.”
When I first met Drew, he had no social skills, but he was intelligent and had the instincts of a scientist. I remember watching him observe the social interactions in the orphanage, especially those involving attractive girls. He did this with the intensity of a biologist whose grant money depended on the results of his research on the secret lives of rats. When he discovered women liked being complimented, he proceeded to assault every girl in range with a carefully prepared list of pre-made, one-size-fits-all compliments starting with their hair, and going down to their shoes. It had been hilarious watching the horror grow in those girls’ eyes.
In the last thirty-four years, through much trial and considerably more error, he’d learned a few things. He gave a broad, friendly, appreciative smile, shook Mina’s hand, made eye contact, and with a visible effort did not look at her cleavage. I had to grin. He had the same reaction to her breasts as I did when I first met her. “I’m glad to meet you.”
Mina gave him points for effort, and her polite smile turned into a grin, “So Drew, how do you know Victor?”
Drew shot me a glance. When he saw my slight nod, he turned back to Mina. “I’ve known Vic since we were kids.”
I saw Mina’s brows rise in surprise by our exchange and at this comment. Drew looked thirty years older than me. When our souls touched, I had caught glimpses of the most important events of her life, but I didn’t get the context behind those images. I knew who she was emotionally but I didn’t know the details of her life. I was sure she’d had the same experience. She knew how I felt and thought, but she probably had no idea how old I was. We didn’t have time to get into that now. I asked, “Mina, I’m taking Drew downstairs to look at the troll. Want to come?”
She hesitated and then shrugged. “Sure.”
Aidan and Tim were in the basement. “Victor my lad, we’ve just finished securing the Jotunn.” They’d been busy. They’d built a Jotunn-sized table out of plywood and four by eights. Aidan and Tim had removed the duct tape and platinum wire, and secured the troll with oversized manacles at neck, wrists, and ankles. Then they’d wrapped him in logging chain.
I snorted with surprised laughter. Other than the fact that Aidan’s hair wasn’t standing up, Tim wasn’t a hunchback, and the Jotunn was wearing a huge Depends diaper, it looked like a scene from Young Frankenstein.
By the way Tim was cackling and rubbing his hands together, I got the sense he had the same thought. His Igor imitation was subtle enough that no one else seemed to notice. He didn’t overtly seek attention, and seemed to enjoy projecting a lightweight, goofy image. It made me wonder how much of his annoying persona was an act—his idea of a joke. When he rubbed his snot on my chest, had he been fucking with me?
Tim noticed my questioning look. He gave me a big, open, innocent smile.
“We have platinum wire under the manacles.” Aidan explained with pride. “If he breaks his bindings, he’ll auto-amputate himself.”
“Aidan, Tim, this is my friend Drew. He’ll be helping us with the Jotunn. I wanted to show him the Jotunn we captured. Drew, Aidan is my armorer. Tim is his apprentice.” Drew didn’t even pretend to greet Aidan and Tim. When he saw the seven foot tall green troll, he no longer had any mental energy to waste on social interactions. He knelt by the Jotunn with the intense focus of a kid opening Christmas presents.
Drew and I had a friendship based on trust. We’d gone through enough together to know we’d always have each other’s backs. Our friendship didn’t depend on us hanging out and talking. Drew started firing questions off at Aidan and Tim. I knew he’d keep them occupied for hours and that Aidan and Tim would be thrilled to be occupied.
Mina looked like she wanted to put a stake through the Jotunn’s heart. “Mina.” It took a second to get her attention. “Let’s go upstairs and talk.”
B claimed Joey was a Goody Two-Shoes—the best deity in the known multiverse. I wasn’t sure if I bought that. A kinder, gentler God would have made women less insane. Tell any guy that his girl wants to ‘talk’ with him and he’ll break out in a cold sweat. Mina smiled like I’d given her a gift. She even took my hand.
I led her back to my apartment. We sat at the small table in my kitchen space, across from each other. I grasped both her hands in mine. My heart was racing and I could feel the beads of sweat forming on my forehead. Oh crap, here I go. “Mina, how long do you want our engagement to be?”
I watched her eyes widen as my words penetrated. Her mouth formed a perfect O of surprise. When I touched Mina’s soul, I’d learned who she was, how she felt and thought. I knew if I married Mina, she’d eventually want a family and that there was no way she would ever willingly leave her brother and sister.
If I married her, I most likely would be trapped on Earth forever. I would never be able to escape our Universe. I’d be a servant of our Lord for the rest of my days. I didn’t care.
In a disbelieving voice she asked, “Did…did you just ask me to marry you?”
This was my chance to be honest with her, to tell her how much I didn’t want to be in love with her; how I much I resented needing her, and how logic and reason told me to run fast and far—I wasn’t that stupid. “Mina, you know how much I love you. When we have time, I’ll buy you a ring. I’ll try to be romantic. I just wanted to tell you where I want to go with you.”
Her first expression was complete surprise; others followed so quickly I couldn’t tell what she was thinking. She pulled her hands away from mine. Her posture was very straight; her tone very cool when she spoke, “Victor, I love you. I’m not really sure WHY I love you, especially at this precise moment. But I’ll tell you what. When I have the time, I’ll think it over. I’ll try on the ring you buy. I’ll even try to answer in a romantic way. Then I’ll let you know where I want to go with YOU, you big fathead, stupid ASS!”
It was my turn to be frozen in shock. I hadn’t expected this response. Didn’t women like being proposed to? The humor of the situation hit me, and I burst out laughing. I guess I should have tried romantic from the start. I met her eyes; she was hurt, not angry. I quit laughing. I realized I had screwed up royally and needed to pull something out of what she had just called me. I lunged and caught her as she rose from her chair. “Mina, Mina, you’re right. I’m an ass. My only excuse is that I don’t know how to do this—I don’t know how to be in a relationship. I’ve never said ‘I love you’ to anyone else in my life. If I had, I probably wouldn’t be as clueless. Can you believe I didn’t mean to hurt or offend you, that I’m just an idiot?” I knelt at her feet and looked up at her. I tried to grovel soulfully with my eyes. I must have looked as ridiculous as I felt because she broke into a mile-wide Mina smile.
Since it was working, I put more soul into my grovel by opening my eyes a little wider and kissing her hands, first one and then the other, as I gazed up at her. A thought passed through my mind to mimic a French guy but the only French character that came to mind was Pepe Le Pew. It took everything I had to NOT adopt Pepe Le Pew’s mannerisms. I thought to myself be tasteful, that’s right—tasteful. Oh fuck! Why the hell was I thinking about a skunk?
My heart rose from my stomach when she began to laugh. I stood up and caressed her cheek. I pulled her close, my hands on her hips. “Mina, I’m sorry.”
She cupped my face with her hands, her blue eyes were luminous with tears, her expression soft, “Vic, I’m so happy I touched your soul. If I hadn’t, I would not have been able to believe you could be that stupid.” It was the perfect time to kiss her. As I tasted her lips, I felt whiplashed by new firsts—first love, first marriage proposal, first groveling apology, and the first time I’d ever called myself an idiot in front of anyone else—somehow it was all worth it.
Mina leaned back in my arms and gave me a playful grin. “To be polite and answer your first question, how does twenty-four hours sound?”
“I’ll give you six.”
“Six!”
“Now it’s five. Are we done?”
She stopped and looked straight into my eyes, her smile turned into a huge grin. “Vic, you realize, you’ve just committed to marrying me today. We have until 5 p.m. today to get a marriage license but we should probably get to the County Clerk’s office before 4, to make sure we have time to find a judge.”
I blinked. What…why did Mina know so much about how to get married in Utah? My skin suddenly got clammy.
Mina put her arms around my neck, came in close and gently touched her lips to mine. She pulled back with a little laugh, her eyes were dancing but her voice was sincere, “I thought so. If you weren’t so clueless, I wouldn’t love you half as much.” She kissed me again. “Don’t worry, Vic. Let’s take care of the Jotunn first. The kind of wedding I want will take at least a few months to prepare. We don’t need to spend a lot of money but I want my closest friends to be able to come.” Her next kiss was long, slow, and hot. She pulled back laughing. “I hope you don’t mind, but I’m going downstairs to tell Andi and Ben we’re engaged.”
After she left, I lowered myself slowly back into my chair. I wasn’t sure if I was relieved or sad that we weren’t going to get married today. I was definitely glad the proposal was over. I reached into my bag for my bottle of Glenfiddich. I poured myself a double and drank it all down with one swallow. It was a miserable way to treat a fine, single malt scotch but I needed help with stress relief fast. It took a couple minutes for me to feel the effects. My situation hadn’t changed, but with some booze in my system I felt better about it.
I decided it was better for Mina and me to wait. She deserved to have the kind of wedding she wanted. Now that my immediate panic reaction to the thought of getting married in a few hours had gone away, I admitted I had the worst kind of blue balls—the mental kind. I’ve never wanted anyone like I wanted Mina and it’d been way too long since I’d gotten any kind of release, but it was best to take the time to start our lives together right.
It took a couple trips to get the Mossberg shotguns and ammo into the van. On my last trip, I went back into the basement. Aidan, Tim, and Drew were still standing over the Jotunn talking nonstop. “Hey Aidan, give me the address to the Thorgrins.”
“Certainly, my son, but if you’re asking on account of the ammo, Tim called them and they delivered twelve hundred rounds here this morning—a thousand pellet rounds, and two hundred fin stabilized slugs. They’re running a little behind schedule. The rest of our order should be ready in a few more days.”
“That’s cool then; I don’t need their address. I’m going to take the Swensons out to a range and teach them how to shoot. Any of you want to come?” They barely grunted their “No’s.” and went back to discussing trolls and magic. I wanted to join them. It would have been nice to have some guy time but I told myself I had to be responsible.
I headed back upstairs toward Andi’s room. The squeals, laughter, and high pitched, “Oh my God!” I heard coming through her door told me I’d arrived at the right place. I knocked.
Andi giggled, and called, “Entrée!” in a sing-song voice.
Mina and Andi were on Andi’s bed. Ben was sitting on a chair in front of pink desk. As soon as I walked in Andi bounced up and hugged me. “Hey, future brother-in-law!”
“Hey, yourself.” I’ve never liked being touched. Even the touchy-feely types could sense that. Andi was immune to my don’t-touch-me vibe. I knew she was just being enthusiastic, but I would have felt a lot more comfortable if her sixteen-year-old breasts weren’t squashed against my chest. I spoke over her head to Mina who looked amused, “Um…You guys need to know how to protect yourselves. How about coming with me to a range and learning how to use hand guns and shotguns?”
Ben jumped up and shouted, “Hell yeah! Let’s go.” He pushed his little sister out of the way and shook my hand. “Also, congrats Vic.”
No one had eaten yet. Ben suggested going to a local diner; Mina and Andi enthusiastically agreed saying it was one of their favorite places to eat. The diner served breakfast all day.
I was pleasantly surprised by how happy Ben and Andi were with the idea of me as brother-in-law.
Mina and Andi discussed every facet of our upcoming wedding. Even when I tried—after all, they were talking of an event that would change my life—I couldn’t force myself to care if my wedding was going to be in an alpine meadow versus a small church, or whether we should have a sit down meal versus a buffet at the reception. All I could pay attention to was the way the afternoon light played on my fiancée’s face as she talked to her sister. I enjoyed making this woman happy.
Every once in a great while, Mina asked my opinion about something; my response was always some variation of “that sounds great!” Ben wasn’t as smart. He actually thought a masculine opinion had value. Whenever he gave his input, Mina and Andi beat him down like the young fool he was.
Even after the waitress had cleared our table and I’d paid the bill, the sisters still had things they needed to plan out. Ben finally had a fit. “C’mon, this is torture! You guys are KILLING me! Would you please, PLEASE stop? We got things to do!”
That got us out the door and off to one of the gun stores I’d previously visited that had a twenty-five yard indoor range.
When we got to the range, I told them, “Forget everything you’ve seen on TV or in the movies; real life is different.
I spent about a half an hour on weapons safety and basic firearms handling before they actually got to shoot, and I made sure they had hearing and eye protection on before we went out to the firing line. The Mossberg 930 SPX is a gas operated autoloader, so the gas system soaks up a fair amount of the recoil. It recoils less than a pump action or a double barrel 12 gauge would, but still does kick some. I taught the Swensons to pull the butt in tight against their shoulder and lean into the weapon so it wouldn’t beat the crap out of them.
Even so, we had to take frequent breaks so their shoulders didn’t get too sore. It helped that they had good hand-eye coordination, and had never used firearms before—they didn’t have bad habits to unlearn.
When we took breaks from the shotguns, I had them try out handguns. Of course, they all wanted to shoot the .44 Magnum Smith and Wesson Model 29 revolver—Dirty Harry’s gun. Mina and Andi found the recoil excessive, and after a couple of shots set the gun down. Ben swore, “I love this gun!” but didn’t seem particularly anxious to get back to it after he shot it empty.
Mina and Andi both liked the 9 mm Sig Sauer P-239. They had a much harder time staying on target with the .40 and .357 Sig rounds than they did with the 9 mm. The Sig Sauer P-239 is a high quality, rugged and reliable weapon, and as Andi put it, “It was really pretty.” Ben shot the P-239 well, but he really liked the Glock 31 in .357 Sig because he liked the blast and flash, was proud that his accuracy didn’t deteriorate with the more powerful round and ‘it was just so damn bad’. I promised him that when Aidan had enough time to make magic bullets in different calibers we’d do something about that, but for now he’d have to make do with a 9 mm P-239.
The Swensons were excellent students. They focused and learned quickly. Once they got comfortable with the shotgun and handgun, I had them quit before they got tired and their accuracy dropped off. They’d done well for their first time out. With the handguns, at seven yards they were shooting good groups and keeping all their shots inside the nine ring on a B-27 silhouette. With the shotguns, at fifteen yards they were hitting center of mass on the B-27s every time. They were pleased. I was too.
We decided to buy handguns for them before we left. It was no surprise that Mina passed her background check, so it was no problem to buy the three Sigs. Ben wanted the 9 mm Glock 17, but I explained that with the Sig P-239s, everybody would be familiar with everybody else’s gun, and they’d all use the same magazines and spare parts. Also, that the single column P-239 was smaller and thinner, and easier to tuck behind a hip and conceal. I had them sign up for a concealed weapons class, too. Because Ben and Andi were under twenty-one, they could only audit it, but Mina could get her license once she’d passed the course.
On the drive back, we swung by and picked up take-out Chinese, and all seven of us ate dinner in the kitchen like one big happy family. Towards the end of the meal, Tim skewered a dumpling on each chopstick, and they looked like oversized feet attached to excessively skinny legs. He then danced them around his plate and on the table in front of him. He moved the chopsticks with such fluidity and grace that you could see someone dancing on the table. It was surprisingly funny.
I was becoming more and more convinced the subtle bastard’s hero worship of me was an elaborate mind game, and that he’d been yanking my chain since we’d first met.
Aidan, Tim, and Drew decided to bunk in the Master Bedroom. It’d been unoccupied since Mina’s parents were killed. Tim and Aidan didn’t mind sharing the king sized bed, and Drew brought an air mattress and sleeping bag.
Mina and I called it an early night. The first thing I did when I got to my room was to make my journal entry. I kept it strictly business—nothing about Mina and me. I brushed my teeth, and changed into shorts—it was too warm of a night to wear a shirt. I needed a new bed. The twin sized mattress I had wasn’t cutting it. Mina came in wearing one of the Sig-Sauer t-shirts they’d given us at the range, and pink cotton boxers. I know she was trying to keep the sensuality level down but it didn’t help. No matter what she wore, she was a knockout.
She giggled when she saw my face. She dove into bed and gave me a quick kiss. “Vic, I was wondering, have you met God?”
“No.”
“Has anyone described what God looks like to you?”
“No. Why?”
“Well, I was thinking, the deal you have where you can only have sex after marriage—it sounds like something thought up by a woman—one with a mean streak. I think God is female. What do you think?”
“Um, B refers to Jehovah as ‘He’ and ‘Him’, and I guess he’d know, but I’m not sure I have an opinion.” Jesus, like I cared whether or not God had dangly bits. Wait a minute, Jehovah had Jesus with Mary. Mary was a virgin but did that matter? Could God be a lesbian? Was lesbian even the right word? I didn’t have the inclination to keep asking myself questions that I didn’t know the answers to and didn’t give a flying shit about. “The next time we see an angel, you should ask.”
I thought I’d kept my thoughts well hidden but Mina gave a little laugh. Mina had angel genes. Man, I hoped she never learned how to read minds. Touching souls was plenty. “Okay, I will.” She leaned in for another kiss, murmured “I love you” against my lips, yawned, stretched and said, “I'm so beat, Good night.” then turned on her side away from me. I turned off the light. It was natural to spoon her from behind and wrap her in my arms. It was quiet for a few minutes; I thought Mina had drifted off.
“Vic?”
“Yeah.”
“How old are you?”
I’d been wondering how to bring that up. “I’m forty-seven, but I’m just a kid compared to Aidan. I think I heard him say he was over six hundred.”
“So are you ever going look older?”
“I don’t think so. You know you don’t have to age either.”
“Really?”
“It’s just magic. Once you learn how, it’s not that big of a deal.”
“Vic, do you know how old my parents were?” I could tell by how tense her body became that this question was important to her.
“I’m sorry Mina, but I don’t know anything about your parents. I didn’t know anything about paladins, angels, or Jotunn until a few days ago.”
“I need to ask Aidan what he knows. I keep meaning to talk to him but we’ve always been so busy. When we shared souls, I saw images of you growing up in dormitory run by nuns. Were you an orphan?”
“Yeah.”
We lay in silence for a moment. “Do you remember your parents at all?”
“No.”
“I’m sorry, Vic.”
“There’s nothing to be sorry about. It’s probably better that I don’t have any memories of them.”
Mina turned around. “That is so sad; I really believe your parents loved you Vic. They had to have a good reason for sending you to the orphanage.” She paused, her hand squeezing my shoulder and then hugging me closer. “Vic, I love you. I want to have a family with you. No matter what happens, you have to live. Promise me you’ll stay alive; promise me that we’ll have children, and grandchildren, and great grandchildren. We’ve both had parents that made decisions about our lives without telling us. They may have had good intentions but they were wrong. Tell me our children will always know who their parents were. Tell me we’ll never keep huge secrets from them. You have to promise me.”
I heard the worry in her voice. She was afraid that she’d lose me the same way she’d lost her parents. “I can’t promise that they won’t kill me. The absolute best I can promise is that I’ll do everything I can do so that they won’t. If I can make that happen, I promise you everything else.” I hugged her tight and said, “I love you.”
Mina drew back and I could feel her wipe her eyes. “I’m sorry, I don’t know why I’m crying.” She couldn’t see me smile in the dark. I drew her back in my arms. “I know my parents loved me. I’m sure they thought they had good reasons to keep secrets from the three of us, but they were wrong. They should have told us the truth. If you can’t promise me you’ll never die, at least tell me you’ll never keep secrets from me.”
“I promise.”
I heard the smile in her voice, “Here’s your last chance to tell me about your wife and eight kids in Hoboken, New Jersey.”
“No other wives, girlfriends, or children. You’re it Mina. I don’t have—I don’t want anyone else.”
Mina fell asleep right away. I lay awake with arms around her listening to her breathe. It was a sound I wanted to get used to. Hours later I fell asleep.

Chapter 27: Drew
When I woke up, everyone else was asleep except Aidan; I could hear him brushing his teeth. The sun was just starting to rise, so it was a little after six. Mina grunted softly but stayed dead asleep as I got up past her.
I threw on a shirt and went outside and started running barefoot. As the miles went by, I thought about how best to kill Jotunn with a 9 mm bullet. Filling a hollow point with a flammable compound should work. The major problem was combustion requires oxygen and there isn’t much free oxygen inside a penetrating wound.
I considered and rejected a variety of different compounds. Then I thought of thermite. Lack of air wouldn’t be a problem for thermite because it carries its own oxygen supply. It’s also easy to make. A number of different powdered metals and metal oxides can be used to make thermite—the most common being aluminum and rust. The only downside to thermite is that it’s difficult to ignite.
Metallic sodium explosively ignites when it contacts moisture, like blood. Fill a hollow point with thermite, top it off with metallic sodium and then seal it with epoxy and I’d have a massive ouchie for any Jotunn.
I ran a twelve mile loop and got back to the house about an hour after I left. Mina, Aidan, and Tim were in the kitchen drinking coffee. When I leaned in to her to give her kiss, she put up her hands and exclaimed, “Vic, you’re disgusting. Take a shower!” Apparently there were limits to a woman’s unconditional love.
I took a quick shower and went downstairs. I ate an entire box of cereal, eight slices of toast, and four oranges before I got full. Once I was able to focus on something besides my empty stomach, I turned to Mina, “You have any plans for today?”
She grimaced, “First thing, I’ve got to call in to work and apologize for not showing up for two days. I’m embarrassed that I didn’t think to call. It’d have only taken a minute.” She gave a huff of frustrated laughter. “I’m trying to think of what to say. Somehow I don’t think telling my boss I was being chased by killer trolls will go over well. My supervisor has been really good to me and I really like my co-workers. If they haven’t already decided to fire me, I’m quitting. But it’s a crappy thing to do to people I like; quit without notice. I’m not looking forward to this one bit.” She shrugged, clearly unhappy at the prospect.
I shrugged. I’d never seen the value of a nine-to-five job. I didn’t see much point in worrying about a part-time job, especially when our lives were in danger. I didn’t much care whether she quit or got fired.
She went on, “Then unless you have any plans Vic, I’d like to go back to the range today. I’m thinking that Andi should quit cheerleading camp until the Jotunn are taken care of. As soon as he wakes up, I’m going to tell Ben to quit his job, too.”
“I think it’s a good idea for us to go to the range every day for a while.” I caught my armorer’s eye as he was heading to the basement. “Aidan, you said something about a bounty on minions. How long do you think it’d take before I get paid for the Redcaps?”
“I set up an account for you at Zion’s Bank a couple days ago.” Aidan pulled out a small notebook, opened it, and handed it to me. “Here’s your account number and internet sign in information. Why don’t you check?”
There was three hundred thousand dollars in my account. I didn’t realize how tight the muscles in the back of my neck had gotten until they relaxed. Whatever Joey’s other shortcomings, at least he wasn’t cheap. After I paid Petrov, I would have been down to my last few thousand dollars. It was good to know I had some cushion. Money doesn’t buy you happiness, but it sure as hell gives you opportunities you don’t get without it. I didn’t know where I was going to get metallic sodium and the other supplies I needed to prepare for the Jotunn, but I knew it’d be easier with money.
Mina asked, “Has the money been deposited?”
“Yeah.”
“Good.” She bumped my shoulder with hers, grinning. “I’ll take a kiss please. I’d rather leave sooner than later. I’m going up to tell Ben and Andi to get ready.”
After she left I turned to Aidan, “What do you think about the idea of making a thermite bullet to use against the Jotunn?”
“I’m sorry lad. I’ve heard the term before but I don’t think I’m familiar with it.”
Tim leaned forward. “It’s a pyrotechnic combination of a metal power and a metal oxide such as atomized aluminum and ferric oxide. It doesn’t actually explode but burns at an extremely high temperature, and is used for welding, metal cutting, or material destruction.”
Aidan nodded. “Ah, the Goldschmidt process, of course13! I’ve used the technique myself.”
Tim asked me, “How do you plan on igniting the thermite?”
“Metallic sodium or potassium.”
“Makes sense, both elements will ignite on contact with moisture, but…” He hesitated. I was starting to realize that was a bad sign.
“But what?”
“Why bother using thermite when you can use just sodium or potassium by itself? The point is to burn the wound into the Jotunn so they can’t heal it. Metallic sodium burns at a thousand degrees Fahrenheit. Why make it more complicated than it needs to be?”
I was getting tired of Tim being able to make me feel stupid in such a nice, friendly manner. He was right; there wasn’t any point in trying to make a thermite bullet when sodium or potassium alone would probably work.
“Or, if you want to stop reinventing the wheel and save a lot of time and effort,” Drew said from the doorway, “why not just use tracers? They’ll do what you want.”
“Because tracers point both ways, and the Jotunn will see where the rounds are coming from.” Wait a second, at the effective range of handguns and automatic weapons—under fifty yards—they’d be able to see us even if we weren’t using tracers.
Drew snorted, “And the chances of fighters familiar with magic not using their skills to locate hidden enemies are basically nil, anyway.” Well, there was that too, the smart-ass.
I looked over to Aidan who was nodding his head. “Drew is quite correct. With the right precautions, we should be able to stay concealed until we spring the ambush and the actual fighting starts, but not afterwards.”
“Okay, so we use 9 mm tracers for the Swensons and we’ll provide the mercs with tracers, but tracers have crap accuracy. Drew, we should make sodium or potassium rounds for your sniper rifle.”
Drew paused and then let go of his attitude. He gazed at the ceiling, put his hand to his chin, and thought out loud, “Good point. As the tracer compound burns, the weight of the bullet and center of gravity change unpredictably. That’d really screw with long distance accuracy. I brought my .300 Win Mag M24 SWS. Ruag Ammotec makes a great sniper round loaded with a 200 grain hollow point boat tail bullet in that caliber, too. They even make a short range hollow point that has a huge cavity, and fragments inside the target.”
He dropped his eyes to meet mine, “The day I can’t hit a head sized target under a thousand meters is the day I retire. It’s not like I NEED extra help to take out a Jotunn, BUT I am intrigued by the idea of sodium round. I’m curious if we can make it work.”
The US Army put the M24 SWS in service in 1988. Drew was an early adopter, and was issued one of the first ones. It wasn’t surprising that he’d traded in the 7.62 NATO round he’d used for most of his career for the longer reach and greater down range killing power of the .300 Win Mag. It was surprising that he hadn’t picked up the newest fad of the long distance gear monkeys.
I decided to quit while I was ahead and change the topic. “Why don’t you have a Barrett?”
He grimaced, “Too heavy. With the suppressor, ammo, and optics, the damn thing is forty pounds of long and awkward. Only time I ever used one, I had to hump it three miles up a mountain. Barrett’s got great reach, but the target was only six hundred meters away; .300 Win would have been fine. On the way out, my ex-target’s friends got all pissed off and started dropping mortar rounds in my general area.
“A lucky round wounded my spotter and took me off my feet. I landed on the fucking Barrett, and screwed up my back. Had to dump eight grand worth of gun and booby-trap it so I could get my spotter out. Thousand meters and under, I’m good with the M24. If it’s over a thousand meters, they can get someone else. And my back’s never been the same since, either.
Drew had always been cheap. I was sure the pain in his back was nothing compared to the agony of having to ditch eight thousand dollars worth of equipment.
Tim spoke up, “I’ve heard about the Barrett; it’s one of those really long range sniper rifles. Didn’t a Canadian use one in Afghanistan to shoot an insurgent a mile and a half away? What’s a M24 SWS?”
Drew replied, “No, it wasn’t a Barrett. In March of ’02, a Canadian Corporal named Rob Furlong used a .50 caliber Tac-50 rifle to make a confirmed kill at 1.51 miles. The year before that, another Canadian named Perry used the same kind of rifle to nail an insurgent from a mile and a half away. For a while there, all of us US trained guys were wondering what the Canadians were eating for breakfast. The Barrett fires the same round but is a different rifle.
“The M24 is a modified Remington 700 bolt action hunting rifle used by the US Army as a sniper weapon. SWS stands for Sniper Weapons System. With custom hand loads, my rifle will shoot half MOA.”
Tim Hardy had a new love. He stared up at Drew with adoring eyes. Men don’t often look at each other that way. I watched Drew notice and then get creeped out. I had to fight to keep from laughing, and I wondered if Tim was fucking with Drew, too. Aidan also had a twinkle in his eye.
I had no idea who Tim really was. He presented as a clueless, effeminate lightweight, but I was beginning to think that a lot of that was an act. In general, people instinctively want other people to make sense—to fit an unconscious stereotype, like Ninja, nerd, comedian, hero, or coward. Tim didn’t fit into a neat slot, and he sure as hell wasn’t predictable. Whatever he was, he was funny.
Tim carried on, “How’d you get half inch groups at a hundred yards? I know the 50 caliber rifles have huge, heavy barrels, and that the .50 caliber sniper bullet has a flatter trajectory, and is less affected by wind than the typical military bullets. But how do you get that kind of accuracy with a 200 grain bullet? A match barrel and a custom trigger is a given; is the barrel free floated or glass bedded?”
I commented, “Tim, for a medieval armorer’s apprentice, you seem to know a lot about modern firearms.”
Tim gave an embarrassed smile, “I have every ‘Soldier of Fortune’ magazine since it first came out in 1975. I find the articles fascinating. I don’t have much personal experience with firearms but I’ve read a lot about them.”
Drew gave him a wary look and then answered Tim’s previous question, “Okay, my barrel floats but that doesn’t mean a pressure bedded barrel is going to be less accurate. Every rifle is different. They can be from the same factory and one serial number apart, but one will do better if the barrel is kept from touching anything and the other will do better with consistent pressure. You try different things until your rifle shoots better
“Accuracy is all about consistency. You can only get so far with just tweaking the rifle. I hand load all of my ammo. I sort the cartridge cases and bullets by weight; I square up the primer pockets and de-burr the flash holes. I buy propellant by the case so I get the same lot number, and I weigh each charge out individually with a powder trickler and digital scale. I use match-grade primers and competition dies. I try to make each loaded cartridge exactly like every other cartridge I load in a batch. Factory ammo, even the premium factory ammo, isn’t custom made for my rifle; my hand loads are.”
Tim looked Aidan. “Master, like Mr. MacDonald, I’m intrigued by the idea of a flaming bullet. Making a single flaming arrow takes almost two hours of spell casting time; a flaming bullet using the usual spells will probably take longer. We won’t have a wood shaft to use as fuel. It should take much less time and effort to make a sodium or potassium bullet. I think it’d be worthwhile to test Vic’s idea. There are a couple chemical suppliers in Salt Lake City. I’m sure one of them will have metallic sodium or potassium in stock. Should we go pick up what we need now? We can also stop by Sportsman’s Warehouse and get some reloading supplies and equipment.”
Aidan broke into a huge grin. “That’s a wonderful idea, Apprentice. This is wonderful opportunity for me to learn more about modern firearms and ammunition. Drew, you’ll be coming of course? Let’s go, my lads!”
“Wait!” The three of them turned to me. “When you’re at Sportsman’s Warehouse can you pick up some air soft guns for me? I want at least four pump shotguns and four pistols. I want shotguns with the standard buttstock—not the pistol grip. I’d also like the gas operated pistols with moving slides rather than the spring loaded pistols.”
Drew asked, “What, you want toy guns that shoot blue plastic BBs?”
“Yeah.”
He replied, “You owe me ten grand already. Adding a couple hundred dollars worth of toys isn’t that big of a deal. If they have what you want, I’ll pick them up. Hey, when are you planning on paying me?”
“Don’t you trust me?”
He gave me a wry smile. “I know you. I can totally see you doing something stupid and getting yourself killed before you can pay me.”
My laughter got cynical. Drew was being his usual Scrooge. “You got a point; I’m absolutely the kind of guy who’d get himself killed to weasel out of paying a few grand. When you get me the receipts, I’ll give you a check.”
Drew’s voice got louder, “Why the hell do you want receipts—you planning on writing them off your taxes?”
I raised my voice to match his. “I know you, too. I can see you rounding up a few thousand dollars.”
We both said, “Fucking asshole!” at exactly the same time, just like we did when we were kids. Nostalgia; there are times when it doesn’t suck. After our duet, we both started laughing, Tim and Aidan joined in. I could feel their relief; they’d thought Drew and I were going to throw punches. First they thought we were actually mad at each other and then they thought we were totally joking. They were wrong both times. Drew’s always questioned my judgment; he’s been predicting I’d die stupidly since we were kids. And I really wasn’t going to pay him back until I got some receipts. I trust Drew with my life—not my money.
I was a little disappointed that none of them had bothered to ask me why I wanted the toy guns. They were too excited by the idea of playing with stuff that burned, exploded, and went boom.
I had a little time, so I downloaded a document app onto my phone and used voice recognition software to record a journal entry. I felt like Captain Kirk doing the ‘captains log’ thing, so I started doing his voice too. “This is Paladin Victor Paladin making a journal entry on Earth date July 14 at 8:16 a.m. This morning, I discussed the idea of making thermite bullets with Armorer Cahill.” I was trying to get the Shatner cadence of my speech exactly right, and wracking my brain to figure out a way to make “To go where no man has gone before.” fit in my journal entry when Mina, Ben, and Andi walked into the kitchen. They stared at me like I was crazy.
Andi asked, “What are you doing?”
I grinned up at her. “Paladins have to keep a journal—kind of like the captain’s log in Star Trek.” Andi still looked blank. “You have seen Star Trek, right?”
Ben spoke, “Hey, I’ve seen the Star Trek movie that came out recently. It was a prequel to the original Star Trek, but it didn’t have a captain’s log.”
Mina chimed in. “Andi and I went to see it, too. I don’t remember anything about a captain’s log, do you Andi?”
Andi shook her head.
“So, none of you ever saw an original series Star Trek episode?” They all shook their heads. “Not even Next Generation?” It was still a no. Damn, I felt old.
I took them to an outdoor range at the southeast corner of Salt Lake City. After a few warm up shots at paper targets, I started throwing clay pigeons in the air and had them take turns learning to lead a moving target with the Mossbergs.
They did great. All three of them kept the butts of the shotguns tight against their shoulder and they kept focused on the target. It didn’t take long for them to learn to swing through, and soon most of the clays were being blown out of the air.
We then pulled out the pistols. I’ve seen shooters who can point-shoot without using the sights, but it takes years of practice to point-shoot well. Without that kind of experience, to shoot a pistol accurately you have to use the sights.
You’re always more accurate with a buttstock—it’s simple math; four points of contact with the weapon as opposed to just two for a handgun. The pressure of the butt on your shoulder helps keep the barrel from being pulled off target when you squeeze the trigger. Without the buttstock, it’s much easier to pull the barrel offline as you pull the trigger. When you shoot a shotgun you follow your instincts—with pistols, you do the exact opposite.
I had them shoot a hundred rounds at silhouette targets. It helped to have athletic, extremely motivated students. Ben was doing particularly well; at seven yards, he could put five rounds in a three inch group.
We ate lunch at the range club house and headed back in the late afternoon.
Ben was living proof of the saying, ‘Women may be crazy, but men are stupid.’ Mina and Andi were almost as good as he was but they didn’t get cocky after just two days of training.
On the drive back home, I started a conversation. “Guys, I don’t know if you’ve noticed, but none of you have been out of my sight for the past couple days. You’ve gotten good enough with the shotguns that I’m feeling better about you going out by yourselves,” I paused and stressed this next part, “as long as you’re armed, and you go out as a group, and only while the sun is out. When the sun’s down, nobody leaves the house.”
Mina nodded her agreement then asked, “You didn’t mention our pistols. Was that on purpose?”
I smiled; she was getting pretty good at reading me. “Yeah, it was. You guys are good enough that I’d trust you at my back with a shotgun. I feel comfortable that when the feces hits the turbine, all of you will be able to get solid hits with your shotguns. Hand guns are a different story. You’re doing great with the paper targets, but you’re not even close to ready for real live Jotunn, especially when your heart’s pounding and your palms are sweating and the adrenaline’s pumping. Police studies show that under stress most cops, even experienced ones, miss everything past nine feet.”
Ben had an edge in his voice when he interrupted, “So, what are you going to do if I decide to leave the house?”
I sensed Andi rolling her eyes as I laughed, “I think I phrased my words wrong. I kind of sounded like I was in charge of you—like I was your boss. I didn’t mean it that way. I’ve made an agreement with the Jotunn they’d give us four weeks before coming within a hundred miles of Salt Lake City. I’ve got no way to make sure they’ll stick to the agreement. The Jotunn are much more powerful at night than they are during the day. I think it’s dangerous as hell to go out after dark until they’re killed.”
My answer must have mollified him because the edge was gone when he asked his next question, “If you don’t think pistols are useful, why’d you buy them for us?”
“Shotguns are hard to hide. You’ll be able to keep them in your cars when you go out, but if you take them out of the car and walk around in the open, you’ll be lucky if you just get arrested. A pistol’s much easier to hide and it’s better than a sharp stick or yelling, STOP! Or I’ll shout STOP again!”
That made the Swensons laugh out loud. Ben said, “I don’t know about any old cop, but I’m sure if a Jotunn’s within twenty-five feet of me, shotgun or pistol, I’ll be able to nail it in the head.”
“You sure about that?”
“Yeah.”
Jesus, he was predictable. It was a sad commentary on the human race that when I was his age, I was just as stupid. “Ben, I’ll bet you twenty bucks that either of your sisters would be able to take you nine out of ten times if they were armed with a shotgun and you were armed with a pistol.”
Andi broke in, “I’ll take that bet!”
With a laugh, Mina said, “I’m in, too. Can I double it?”
For the rest of the ride home, I listened to the Swensons trash talk each other. When I pulled up into the driveway, Mina murmured, “What the hell?” jumped out of the car, and stormed up to Aidan, Tim, and Drew who were in a shed that was butted up to the detached garage, a shed that hadn’t been there in the morning when we left.
Mina demanded through the open shed door, “What is this shed doing here?”
Aidan looked befuddled by the question. “Mina, my dear, it isn’t a good idea to store hazardous material in living quarters and we didn’t have room in the house anyway—that’s why we bought the shed. We laid it on top of concrete pavers so it’ll be easy to remove in the future.”
“You should have called and asked permission before you put a new structure on my property!”
“I’m sorry lass, I wasn’t thinking.”
“Sorry isn’t good enough Uncle Aidan.” She turned, smacking the door of the new shed with an open palm and screamed, “Damn it, you guys!” and then stomped into the house.
We stood there in a shocked, uncomfortable silence until Andi murmured, “I’m going to talk to Mina” and left.
Ben waited until Andi went inside and said, “Sorry Uncle Aidan, I don’t know why Mina’s gone postal. It’s not like she would have said no, if you’d asked.”
The leprechaun shook his head. “It was my fault. I should have talked to Mina about the house a long time ago.”
It dawned on me that last night I’d promised Mina that I wouldn’t keep any secrets from her. It sounded like Aidan hadn’t told her yet that her house wasn’t actually hers. “Aidan, did you talk to the Swensons about their house or trust fund?”
Ben asked, “Trust fund? What trust fund?”
Aidan shook his head. Shit! I said, “Listen Ben, you and your sisters have a trust fund that your parents set up for you. You were supposed to find out about it when the new paladin arrived—that’s me. Also your parents didn’t actually own this house.”
Ben looked stunned. “What the hell, Vic?”
Aidan put his hand on Ben’s shoulder. “This house is owned by the Oath Brotherhood. It’s always the current Salt Lake City Paladin’s home. I’ve been meaning to tell you and your sisters about this for a while, but I never felt that the time was right. I’m not sure exactly how much money is in your trust fund, but I’ve been told it is enough to pay for your education and housing until you graduate from college. If you decide to go to graduate school, you’ll continue to get your expenses paid. If you don’t, you’ll get a stipend for six months after you graduate and then the money will stop. I can give you the name of the lawyer who’s managing your trust fund. He can tell you more.” The leprechaun took a deep breath like he was preparing for battle. His Irish lilt was strong as he said, “I’d better be going then and be telling our poor lass what she should know.”
“Hold on, Aidan. I’ll do it.” He didn’t even pretend to protest. As I headed for the house, he gave me the smile of a death row inmate who’d just gotten the Governor’s call. I went up to my room and picked up Paul Swenson’s journal and then walked to her room. Her door was closed. I heard Mina and Andi talking in her room. I knocked.
I heard Mina’s subdued voice, “Who is it?”
“It’s me. Can I come in?”
There was a pause, then “It’s open.”
Mina was lying on her bed with her arm over her face. Her voice sounded like she’d been crying. Andi was next to Mina on the side of the bed. Mina didn’t have to explain to me what was going on. I’d touched her soul. There wasn’t a person alive who knew Mina as well as me. She was an intelligent, type A, alpha female whose life had been pulled out from underneath her when her parents were killed.
First, she had to become a parent to her younger brother and sister at an age when most girls were only concerned with boyfriends, partying, and college.
Next, she had to deal with money problems and the possibility of selling the home she loved. Then she found out that her parents had been lying to her all her life; not only about what her father did for a living, but about who he really was—a monster-fighting paladin. And she now had to deal with monsters of her own who wanted to kill her and the rest of her family.
It didn’t help that she was engaged to a guy with the same job as her dead dad. Anyone in her situation would be on edge. No surprise that her home, the last vestige of her old normal life, had become her refuge and that she’d want to keep it exactly the way it was before her parents died. It must have bothered her to have Tim, Aidan, and Drew move into her parent’s bedroom. By putting up the shed without her permission, Aidan had unwittingly messed with Mina’s last lifeline.
I couldn’t believe I hadn’t seen it coming. My only excuse was the idea about caring for a particular place—loving a home—was so foreign to me that even though it was obvious that Mina loved this house, I just hadn’t realized how important it was to her until she snapped.
Mina had been on the edge of the abyss for months. Now that I understood, it was amazing that she’d held out for as long as she had. I knew she was deeply embarrassed at her outburst, but that she was still extremely angry and upset. I had to tell her that the home she loved was not really hers but that ‘Hey, because it was now mine, and she was engaged to be married to me, it was all going to work out’—yeah right.
Andi stood up, “I’ll leave you guys alone.”
“No. Please Andi, you need to hear this too.” I sat on the bed and reached for Mina’s hand. “I found out I was a paladin a couple hours before I met you guys. One day, I’m living a comfortable life doing exactly what I want and the next, I’m fighting a monster and drafted into God’s Army. I’ve been majorly pissed since then. You guys have to be feeling the same way.”
Andi gave a little laugh, “Vic, it’s got to take a lot of work to be that cool and mysterious. ‘A comfortable life doing exactly what you want.’ What does that mean? What were you doing before you became a paladin?”
I thought for a moment how to phrase my answer. Ah the hell with it, “I robbed banks.”
Mina sat up, “WHAT?”
“Oh my God! That’s so cool!” Andi leaned forward on the bed. “What banks did you rob?”
Her sister didn’t seem as enthralled about my old career. I got the feeling she thought I was being a bad role model. “You were a bank robber?”
I put my hands up. “It’s not nearly as romantic or as exciting as it sounds. I just broke into ATMs late at night. I never carried a gun or even a knife. Until I was attacked by a Jotunn, it was one of the most sedate jobs I’ve ever had.”
Mina frowned, “At our party when I introduced you to Steve, didn’t you say you tested bank security systems?”
I tried out my best innocent grin, “I thought it was pretty good summary of what I did.”
Andi thought it was funny. Mina looked like she wanted to punch me.
I took both of Mina’s hands, brought them to my lips, and kissed them. When I peeked at her face, she didn’t look any happier. My current approach wasn’t working.
I took a deep breath. When I spoke again, I dropped my grin. My voice was serious, “Mina, all I’m trying to say is I understand what it feels like to have no control over your life. I understand how the anger builds up when your life is ripped apart without warning. Every new change throws you off balance. It totally makes sense to me—I know why you lost it when Aidan put the shed up.”
As she looked into my eyes, our souls merged. She learned with absolute certainty I understood. Mina threw her arms around me and buried her face into my neck. I felt her tears but there was different feeling to them. She still wasn’t happy, but she was better. I knew she didn’t feel as alone as she had a few minutes ago.
I looked up at Andi and saw approval. Whatever issues she might have had with me, she still thought I was good for her sister.
I gently pushed Mina back until I could see her face. As I wiped the tears from her face, she smiled. “Mina, I also have to tell you how glad I am I finally saw you lose your temper.”
“What? You’ve seen me lose my temper more in the last couple of days than most people do in a year!”
“Yeah, but this was the first time you regretted losing your temper. You don’t know how intimidating it is to be around perfection. Look at you. You’re beautiful, intelligent, considerate, level headed, and have a great sense of humor. Andi, tell me if I’m wrong, but don’t you agree that your sister is just a little too perfect?”
With a giggle, Andi replied, “He’s got a point there, Sis.”
Mina’s cheeks colored as she smoothed her hands against my chest. “So, what’s wrong with perfection anyway?”
“I’m a flawed man. You make me want to be better. Throw me a few bones and show me some imperfections. Give me a chance to reach your level. Don’t stand too high above me.”
“Alright, that’s enough! If you get any sweeter, I’m going to puke!” Andi clutched her stomach to make her point. “Mina, I can’t believe you just sat there and took that load of BS! You need to slap some sense into him.”
We began laughing together. Andi was right, what I’d said was hokey and sickening. I was glad she thought it was a joke. The sad truth of the matter was that everything I’d said was how I really felt. It was great, and at the same time totally embarrassing that Mina knew it.
I needed to change the topic. “Hey guys, I thought you might want to check out one of your father’s journals.”
I didn’t have to ask twice. Mina and Andi paged through the notebook together. After a few minutes of studying it, Andi looked up at Mina, “Geez, Dad was an incredibly boring writer.”
Her older sister sighed, “You’re so right. Oh, reading this is so painful. This is so like Dad. With his sense of humor, I’m sure he wrote it like this on purpose to torture us and he’s up in heaven laughing at us.”
I was a samurai contemplating hari-kari. It was time to wimp out or slit my belly. “You guys want to hear a joke that’s in the same vein—not so funny?”
Two sets of scary blue eyes turned my way. “I found out recently that your parents set up trust funds for all of you. I don’t know the exact amount, but there’s enough to pay for your living expenses while you go to school.”
Frowning, my true love asked warily, “Why is that a bad joke?’
“That’s not the joke. You know how the White House works? It’s the President’s home but it’s owned by the Government, not by the man. A paladin’s house works the same way. It was your Dad’s home while he was a paladin. Now it’s mine.”
Mina sat in stunned silence. Andi replied, “Oh boy Vic, you’re right, that’s a really bad joke.”
Mina jumped off the bed, stalked to the door, and held it open. “Vic, I know the part about the house isn't your fault, but the part about keeping secrets from me after you promised, sure the hell is. I can’t stand to look at you right now. Please leave, and take your self-serving compliments and my poor Dad's journal with you.”
She slammed the door behind me when I left. Well, that had gone about as well as I’d expected. I dropped Paul Swenson’s journal back in my room. I knew eventually one of the Swensons would want it. I then went out to the back yard. All the guys were in the shed.
“Drew!” I tilted my head toward my truck.
He made a vague ‘I’m busy’ motion in my direction.
“Drew!” This time he gave me a ‘Jesus! Really, now?’ look.
I pointed toward my truck and started walking that direction. He reluctantly headed my way. After he climbed in the passenger seat, I drove to a strip mall few miles away. It had an Irish Pub I’d been wanting to try.
We got seated right away. We ordered a pitcher of Guinness. When we got it, he poured himself a glass and took a long swallow and set it down. “Vic, how long has it been since we last saw each other?”
“It was almost eight years exactly this month, in Columbia.”
“Yeah, that’s right. Did I ever thank you for helping me out?”
“No.”
“Thanks.”
“You’re welcome.”
“A lot of things have changed since then.”
“They have.”
“Like, when did you start menstruating?”
I blew beer out my nose as I started laughing. Drew was exactly right. I was acting like a girl. I’d gotten into a fight with my girlfriend and wanted to talk about it with my best—my only friend. After I got control of myself, I answered, “I think it comes with being a paladin. Every paladin comes with a true love. You can’t help but fall in love with a woman who’s genetically designed to match all your desires. It gives you a different set of priorities.”
“So, what you’re saying is that falling in love turns you into a girly man?”
“Well, I only have a sample size of one, so I can’t make any general conclusions.”
“But it’s been your personal experience…” Drew gestured for me to finish the sentence.
I paused to think about my answer. “I think I prefer the term ‘sensitive’ over ‘girly man’, but yes, it’s been my experience that falling in love makes you more sensitive. I’m in a bit of a low right now, but if I had to be honest, the highs that come with being in love make up for the lows.”
My buddy rubbed his chin thoughtfully. “Remember Sam Turkel? He was our pilot in the Philippines. You’re starting to remind me of him.”
“In what way?”
“After he got diagnosed with leprosy, he kept going on about how it wasn’t so bad.”
We both began to laugh.
Drew rubbed his eyes. “You feel better now?”
I actually did. It had been surprisingly helpful to talk to Drew about my problems. It helps to put things in perspective. Given the choice and depending on the situation, I was pretty sure that nineteen times out of twenty, I’d pick Mina over leprosy. I nodded. “So, how’s it going with the combustible bullets?”
“Buying metallic sodium wasn’t a big deal. We bought a four hundred and eighty gram ingot for four hundred dollars. Then we spent about twice that on a progressive reloading press and four or five sets of dies and a couple of hundred hollow point bullets. It took Aidan and Tim about three hours to modify a couple of dies to flare the hollow point open, make a fitting for another die that’ll extrude exactly the same amount of sodium into each hollow point, and another die that swages the hollow point back to its original configuration.”
“Does it work?”
“It’s a giant pain in the ass. We ruined a bunch of bullets before Aidan figured out how much to anneal the copper jackets, and you have to watch the press at every station, every step of the way. The metallic sodium requires very careful handling, and we’re only getting maybe one perfect bullet out of five or six. Aidan thinks it might stop the Jotunn from easily healing from their wounds but he’s not sure. When the hollow point penetrates flesh, the jacket peels back and the lead mushrooms and then tumbles. The metallic sodium gets smeared along the wound and then ignites. It doesn’t take long for the ambient oxygen in the wound to get used up and then the flame peters out.
“The sodium sears flesh but the end result looks more like a chemical burn; the damage doesn’t go very deep. I can see why no one else uses sodium bullets; there’s not enough increased lethality to justify all the trouble. It’s a waste of time.”
“How did you test the bullets?”
“I bought a whole pig carcass and took it out to the desert west of the City and fired rounds into it from four hundred meters. Tim and Aidan were bummed they couldn’t go out there with me.”
“If you already made sodium bullets and tested them, what are you doing in the shed?”
“Me and Tim were making flaming bullets the old fashioned way with magic. Tim bought a stock Remington 700. Aidan is helping him duplicate my rifle, using the laws of similarity combined with an amazing ability to shape and mold metal, wood, and plastic. I can’t believe what Aidan can do. He put a magic suppressor on my rifle. The only thing you can hear now is the sonic boom from the bullet traveling through the air. He turned the sound energy into heat and then sank it into the bullet. And…” Drew thumped the table twice to make his point, “he’s cast a spell on my M24 so when a bullet passes through the barrel, all of the friction heat goes into the bullet!”
I understood why Drew was so excited. Consistency is everything to a sniper. When a bullet passes through a barrel, there’s friction which creates heat. Heat causes metal to expand which in turn slightly warps the barrel and changes the point of impact. For most people, this wouldn’t mean a whole lot of difference, but at the distances Drew worked, it could mean the difference between a kill and a clean miss. With a few exceptions, snipers use bolt action rifles. Bolt action rifle technology is old; not much has changed since the German Government adopted the Mauser Gewehr in 1898. Every sniper in the world has access to the same basic tools. Aidan had given Drew a new and unique advantage he never imagined he’d have.
“Drew, why are you taking this so well? Growing up, you were the biggest atheist skeptic I knew. I thought you’d be freaking when you found out God and magic existed.”
He shrugged, “If this had happened to me when I was younger, I probably would be freaking. Back then, I got personally offended when life proved me wrong. I’m older now. I’ve been too wrong too often and I’m too tired to get that pissed. What can I say? I’m not stupid enough to ignore a fact if it’s staring me in the face. And magic is interesting. If it was just hocus pocus—wave your hands and all sorts of strange and wonderful things happen—it probably would offend me. Magic has consistent rules and obeys the laws of thermodynamics. Arthur C. Clarke was right. Magic is just technology you don’t understand. You know what really would have offended me?”
“What?”
“If I didn’t have enough angel genes to do magic.”
“Be careful. You do too much. You’re an automatic member of the Oath Brotherhood.”
He shook his head. “You really don’t get it do you?”
“What are you talking about?”
“You have no idea how much it sucks to be old and injured.”
I thought about it. “No, I guess I don’t.”
“Well, it sucks.” His face was expressionless as he said, “My back really hurts and my knees are almost as bad. If it wasn’t for the wonders of modern pharmacology, I wouldn’t be the happy guy you see in front of you.”
“Does it affect your shooting?”
“That’s the problem. When I’m on the pain meds, the muscle relaxers, and the anti-depressants, I can’t hit an elephant in a fat suit. I haven’t been on a job since I hurt my back. I can go for a day, maybe two without the meds, but not long enough for most real jobs. I just took a handful of happy pills an hour ago after not taking any for a full day. I can feel the difference just one beer makes when I’ve got that shit in my system.”
“So, what have you been doing?”
When Drew said, “Not much” he told me everything I needed to know. I’ve known Drew since we were kids. We hadn’t spent that much time together these last few decades, but when we did, someone was always trying to kill us. Under that kind of stress, you get to know someone real well. His job was everything to him. Earlier today, he’d said ‘The day I can’t hit a head size target from under one thousand meters is the day I retire.’ If Drew had any kind of predisposition toward suicide, he’d be dead by now. When he got my message I needed help, he ignored the pain and showed up out of loyalty and friendship, but there also had to be a part of him that wanted to check out weapon in hand.
“You’re okay not spanking the monkey, or no sex outside of marriage?”
He gave a quick laugh, “I’m not giving up much. For the last few years, I haven’t had the energy to do much more than look.”
“How about not telling a lie and following orders?”
“I’ll have you know, I never lie and I’ve been in the military. I know how to follow orders in my own very special way.”
“You’d be under my command.”
“I’ve had bigger idiots than you give me orders.”
“Nice. Did anyone tell you how it works? How you become an Oath Brother?”
“Well, I could learn how to do magic—which I’m doing—and then wait a few years until the curse takes effect, or I can have a paladin or Oath Brother cast a spell of major healing on me which will have the effect of making me a new person, who just happens to be an Oath Brother.”
“So when is Aidan going to heal you?”
“That’s the thing. I like Aidan a lot and Tim…is Tim gay?”
“Why, you interested?” It was Drew’s turn to snort beer.
“He’s an Oath Brother. He can only have sex in marriage. I got a feeling that the Jehovah I know is not up for same sex marriage. Get over it. There’s no chance of wedded bliss for the two of you.”
Drew gave me the finger slowly, and with great emphasis. He held it up for a few seconds then got back on topic. “It’s complicated. It involves reading my DNA. But the main problem is that I can only be healed by someone I trust.”
I smiled, “Okay that makes sense. So, what’d I have to do?”
“Aidan said he’ll talk you through the spell tomorrow.”
I drank down the rest of my beer and poured myself another. “What kind of magic are you doing?”
“Magic is like anything else. You don’t get something for nothing. Everything needs to be paid for. If Aidan had made my magic suppressor and barrel cooling system self powered, it would have taken weeks. He cast a quick and dirty spell that needs to be powered by the rifle’s user. He’s done all the hard work. I just need to be the spell’s battery.”
“Didn’t you say you were making magic bullets?”
“Yeah.”
“How’s that work?”
“It’s similar to how a magic flaming arrow works. A regular non-magical flaming arrow has a piece of rag or absorbent material fastened just behind the head. Soak the rag in oil or pitch, light it, and you got arrow flambe. Cast a flaming arrow spell on that regular arrow and it will light up on demand. The flames won’t burn with any heat or use up the oil or pitch until it strikes the target, and then all of the fuel is consumed at once and burns at a much higher temperature than at the ordinary, non-magical arrow. It takes a lot of soul energy to make a magical igniter and to make the flame run hotter. It takes a couple hours to make each arrow and a guy like me can, at most, safely make one or two arrows a day. Tim can make about five. We’re basically doing the same thing for the bullet except we’re using magic just as an igniter. The fuel burns hot enough on its own.”
What Drew was saying wasn’t consistent with my own experience. I thought up a spell that would make a magic flaming arrow. According to my spell bar, it would take about one percent of my soul to cast it. Tim and Aidan said I was unusually powerful. I was starting to get a sense of what that meant.
“So what’s the fuel—magnesium, white phosphorous?”
“We’re using lead oxide mixed with aluminum powder in a brass shell.”
“So you are making a thermite bullet. When were you going to tell me?”
“You wanted to use aluminum and ferric oxide inside a hollow point with metallic sodium as an igniter. We’re using aluminum and lead oxide in a brass shell with a magic igniter; no hollow point required. This isn’t your idea at all.”
“BULLSHIT!”
Drew grinned, “Well, maybe just a little.”
The conversation deteriorated from there. It had been a long time since I’d just sat around shooting the shit. We weren’t dumb enough to stay out past dark or get drunk enough for it to be too dangerous. It helped that the sun didn’t set until 9 p.m. Mina was still in her room when we got back. I considered knocking on her door but decided it best to let her calm down on her own. I went up to my room, finished off my journal entry for the day, and went to sleep.

Chapter 28: Oathbreaker
I woke up with to the smell of Mina’s herbal shampoo. My face was buried in her hair. During the night she’d come to bed and I hadn’t noticed. I had mixed feelings about her being able to come into my room and into my bed without me knowing, but I was grateful that she had.
Mina woke up and turned to face me, smiling sleepily. “I’m still mad at you.”
“Good morning. I fucked up.”
“You really believe that?”
“Yeah.”
“Okay then, just don’t do it again. Please.”
I kissed her and then pulled back. “I’ve never been in a relationship before. I’m a total noob. I promise you, I’m going to try my best not to screw up in the future—but like all beginners, I’ll probably make idiot mistakes. I swear they won’t be intentional.”
She quietly responded, “I know what you mean. I’ve been in relationships before, but never in one I thought would be forever. You should have told me about the house as soon as you found out, but I shouldn't have kicked you out when you were just trying to tell me the facts. I was thinking about it last night. We’re a team—we won’t keep secrets from each other and we make decisions together. Any mistakes after that,” Mina shrugged, “we just deal.”
“I like that.” I hugged her tight. A thought occurred to me. “How do you feel about the three of you becoming Oath Brothers?”
“Why are you asking?”
“If you become Oath Brothers, Jehovah will force you to follow a bunch of commands you may not like. Also, I’ll become your liege—this means, if I give you a command, you’ll have to obey. I’m worried that might not be good for our relationship.”
Mina laughed out loud. She’d been running her fingers through my hair, lightly massaging my scalp as we talked. Now she tugged gently. “See, you may not be a complete idiot after all.” then her eyes grew cold. “The Jotunn who killed my parents need to be exterminated. If that means I become an Oath Brother, that’s what it means.”
“Can you talk to Aidan about what it means to be an Oath Brother? I don’t know enough to give you good advice.”
“Believe me, I am making a list of all the things I want to talk to Aidan about.”
“Hey, I’ve never had anyone massage my head like this before. It feels good. Can you rub the back of my neck next?”
She elbowed me away with a grin. “Oh my Liege, YOU are good. Ask me again sometime when you deserve it.”
After a little while, Mina went back to her room to get ready for the day. I spent a few minutes in the bathroom. It didn’t take long to get dressed. Mina and I had slept in for once. I could hear everyone else up and moving in the house. Ben and Andi were in their rooms. Aidan was in the basement. Tim and Drew were eating cereal when I walked in the kitchen.
“Hey Drew, I forgot to ask yesterday. Were you able to find the airsoft guns I wanted?”
“Yeah. They’re on a shelf in the new shed.”
“Good.”
I was heating a couple bags of oatmeal at the stove when Ben, Andi, and Mina came in. Tim scarfed his food down and stood up to make room. Drew kept on eating.
I called out to Ben, “Don’t eat too big of a breakfast. After we eat, we’re going to test our bet. You’re going to take on your sisters, handgun versus shotguns.”
He gave his sisters a superior look, “When I beat you guys down and you start crying, remember you asked for it.”
Mina came up to me, and gave me a quick peck on my cheek, and then retorted to Ben. “Ha, big little Bro! We’ll see who ends up crying.” She peered around me into the pan to see what I was cooking. “So Vic, are we going to the outdoor range for the shoot out?”
Tim spoke up, “Vic had us buy toy shotguns and handguns yesterday.”
I put an arm around her waist and explained. “We’ve got airsoft guns. The shotguns are spring powered. You cock them like a real pump shotgun. They shoot blue plastic BBs with every trigger pull. If you get hit by one they feel like wasp stings and they’ll leave a red mark. If you get hit through clothes it shouldn’t be too bad. If you get hit in the face it’ll hurt. I’m going to have you guys duke it out with these guns.”
None of the Swensons looked worried. Ben said, “That’s what I’m talking about!” as he high-fived Andi who looked just as excited as he did.
I turned to Drew. “The handguns you bought, they’re CO2 powered and have slides that move, right?”
Drew had never been much of a morning person; he grunted back at me between bites. “We have three hand guns that look like 1911s and one that looks like a Glock 17. All four have the blow back feature powered by a twelve gram CO2 cartridge that’s good for sixty shots. The shotguns have adjustable stocks, are spring powered, and shoot three pellets at a time. Some of the shotguns come with telescopic sights; we got the ones that didn’t. Oh yeah, the extra bag of pellets we bought aren’t blue; they’re gray.”
Mina’s eyes were glazing over as she tried to make sense of Drew’s response to my simple yes or no question. I smiled as I continued with my explanation. “The pistols are powered by small CO2 cylinders and shoot out one BB at a time. The slides actually move back and forth, so it mimics the recoil of a real pistol.”
Andi pushed her brother on the shoulder, “Get ready to be spanked, punk.”
Ben pushed back. The kitchen became filled with a flurry of young arms and cursing and shrieks of pain and laughter as the two got into a slap fight. Tim ducked in a corner and laughed as he watched. Drew methodically kept on eating.
Mina belted out, “House rules, brats! No fighting in the kitchen.” When they turned to her she grinned, “Save it for the gun fight.”
Ben and Andi spent at least five minutes arguing which was better, Frosted Brown Sugar Cinnamon or Frosted Strawberry and then ate a Pop Tart each while insulting each other. Mina took the last banana on the counter top, peeled and sliced it. She generously threw the slices into my oatmeal so it’d taste better. She then proceeded to steal bites out of my oatmeal, taking almost all of the banana slices while telling me that the banana was kind of old and she wanted to make sure it hadn’t gone bad. I looked at Drew. He looked at me. I could tell we were both thinking the same thing, ‘What the hell were we doing here?’
Our family breakfast eventually ended and we all headed out to the shed. Tim and Drew wanted to watch the fight. Mina and Andi got their shotguns. Each shotgun had three barrels that shot three pellets at the same time. It took a bit of upper body strength to cock them, but Mina and Andi didn’t have a problem. Ben picked up the handgun that looked like a Glock.
Drew had bought four safety goggles held on by elastic straps. I had the Swensons put on their goggles, lined them up, and instructed them to take practice shots at empty aluminum cans from ten feet away. The pellets from the airsoft shotguns and handguns went completely through the cans. When the sisters saw that their faces got serious. Ben whooped, “This is going to be fun!”
Mina turned to me, “You can heal us if a pellet goes through our goggles?”
I looked at Tim to confirm, he nodded. “Sure. The goggles are designed to protect the eyes but if they fail,” he beamed, “I’ll be happy to heal any injuries.”
Ben swaggered, “You scared, little Big Sis?”
When I saw the look she gave him, I knew he was in trouble. The idiot gave Mina a cocky smile in return.
While they were practicing, Tim stuffed paper bags full of scrunched up newspapers. I had the Swensons shoot at the bags from thirty feet. At that distance the plastic pellets penetrated one side of the bag but not the other. Ben was able to get a three inch group with five shots. The shotguns weren’t as accurate but every time Mina and Andi shot at the bag, they got at least two out of three pellets into it.
I waved everyone out to the center of the yard. “Okay, Mina and Ben are up first. They’re going to start back to back with their weapons pointing down. Ben, you have twenty-five pellets in your magazine. Mina, you have thirty. Mina can shoot three pellets at a time but she has to cock the shotgun every time she shoots while Ben can just pull the trigger.
“When I call out, ‘Start’ you guys start walking away from each other. When I say, ‘Shoot” you guys turn and start shooting, the game stops when both of you run out of pellets or sixty seconds pass, whichever comes first. I’ll call, ‘Time’ after sixty seconds. Then we’ll count how many red marks are on you. The one who’s been hit the most loses. You guys good with that?
Both of them said, “Yes’ at the same time.
“Alright, the rest of you get out of the way.” Ben and Mina got back to back. “Start!” When they were about twenty-five feet away from each other, I yelled, “Shoot!”
Mina was a split second faster than Ben. As I expected, my love was vicious. She aimed for his head. I saw Ben flinch as he pulled his own trigger. His pellet didn’t get anywhere close to his sister. Mina methodically pumped the shotgun and fired nine more times at her brother’s head. I think a couple pellets actually entered his open mouth as he screamed in frustration—that had to hurt.
Airsoft pellets really do feel like wasp stings. If Ben had been hit in the face with a hornet’s nest, he wouldn’t have been any worse off. He was so angry and in so much pain, he didn’t think. He should have run at Mina until he was within arm’s length of her and emptied his gun into her body. Instead, he stood in his ground and jerked the trigger as fast as he could, yanking his gun off target every time he fired. At the twenty-seven second mark, both of them were out of pellets.
Drew was bent over laughing; Tim was actually rolling on the ground.
Ben looked like he had a massive outbreak of chickenpox. His face began to swell as we watched. The goggles had protected the area around Ben’s eyes, but all of his exposed skin from the collar of his t-shirt up was a mass of angry red welts. He pulled his t-shirt up to check, and he had a fair number on his chest, too. Mina looked untouched until she pulled up her shirt, revealing one red mark on her stomach.
Andi had been jumping up and down with excitement and cheering her sister on. She suddenly froze. “Ben, oh my God!” She ran to her brother. “Your poor face!”
I studied my love as she pulled off her goggles and walked to her brother. There was no regret on her face. It’s not the stuff you know you don’t know that’s dangerous; it’s the stuff that you don’t know you don’t know—the facts of life you refuse to believe—that will kill you. Until Mina crushed him in an airsoft duel, Ben had no idea how much he had to learn; how useless he was with a handgun. Mina was clearly fine with dealing her brother a painful, humiliating defeat if it helped keep him alive. The more I learned about her, the more I loved her.
Andi peered up at Ben’s face and then announced, “I’m going inside to get some ice” and took off for the kitchen, not hearing Tim tell her she didn’t need to. Mina got to Ben a few steps before I did. I watched to see how Ben reacted. I knew him the least of all the Swensons. I was curious how he’d respond to being totally outclassed by his big sister.
Ben forced his swollen lips into a chagrined smile. “Mina, you kicked my ass. Next time I’ll use a shotgun.” He turned and met my gaze as he took his goggles off. He looked embarrassed, not resentful. He didn’t say anything as he pulled out his wallet. He handed me a twenty. I got the sense that in the future if I told him he had more to learn, he’d believe me.
Andi ran back with a towel and a Ziploc bag full of ice. Before she got to him, I heard Tim murmur in Latin. I recognized maybe one word out of five. He used a lot more words than I would have, and I remembered him saying that being as specific as possible used less power.
Andi wrapped the bag of ice in the towel, but the welts and swelling had already started to fade. She paused and then giggled, “Amazing, Bro. Hey Tim, one of these days, you have to teach me how to do that.”
Ben’s next smile wasn’t forced. “Hey Tiny Tot, if it’s okay with you, I’m going to call a rain check on our bet. I’m going to need a lot more practice before I use a handgun against a shotgun again.”
Andi faked a frown. “Call me Tiny Tot again and I’ll make what Mina gave you seem like kisses from your imaginary girlfriend.”
Mina chuckled as she shook her head at Andi’s comment. She put her hand on her brother’s shoulder and showed the first twinge of regret since she’d hammered him.
Ben said, “I’m fine, Sis.” He burst out laughing. “Magic healing is great! Oh man, I needed it, you really nailed me!” Andi and Mina joined him. Ben motioned over at me, “Vic, let’s go to the range and shoot real guns. Playing with toys is killing me.”
It was good that Ben had learned that he was nowhere as good as he thought he was with a pistol. One of these days, he needed to learn that only biased people thought he was all that funny. After he and his sisters stopped laughing, I replied, “We may have to take a break from the range today…Tim, that thing we need to do with Drew—do both you and Aidan need to be there?”
Tim nodded eagerly, like he wanted to get started right away, “I think it’d be best if both of us were present.”
I turned back to the Swensons, “I’m going to be busy for a while. We’ll go to the range tomorrow.”
Mina looked a little curious about what I needed to do with Drew, but got my hint to not ask about it. “Vic, we’ll go to the range by ourselves. We’ll come back for lunch.”
Shit! I really didn’t want them out and about without me. Now, how did I give her an order without sounding like an over-controlling prick?
I was still trying to come up with the right words when she walked up and put her hand on my chest. “Victor, it’s just for a few hours. We’ll have our shotguns; I think I’ve proved I can use one effectively.” She threw a quick grin at her brother who grimaced. “We’ll bring all five shotguns and we’ll keep two of them loaded with Jotunn-killing rounds.”
I was about to say, ‘No’ regardless of the consequences when she gripped my shoulders, shaking me slightly. “Hey, you said yourself yesterday that it was okay for us to go out in groups. Has something changed since then?”
It was nothing I could put my finger on or put into words, but yeah, something had changed; I had a bad feeling about them going out without me that I hadn’t had yesterday. I didn’t take my eyes off of her. “Tim, the Jotunn are a lot less powerful in their human forms. Can they turn into their troll shapes during the day?”
“Only if they’re indoors away from sunlight. If they’re exposed to sunlight, they’ll turn to stone.”
I squeezed Mina’s waist in return. “You’ll go to the outdoor range, right?”
She was serious as she nodded, “Yes, definitely.”
I pulled her in close and hugged her. I didn’t bother telling her to be careful. No love of mine would tolerate being smothered, even if it was for her own good. Love was a gift that kept on giving—not only had I become sensitive to Mina’s emotions, but I was now hostage to her decisions.
I watched the Swenson’s grab their gear, load it into Andi’s BMW Mini, and drive away. As we stood there in the yard, I expected Drew to give me shit about being whipped. He surprised me when he didn’t.
Aidan was brewing a pot of tea when we walked back into the kitchen. “Good morning lads, I’ve been down in the basement studying how a Jotunn heals. No magic is involved—fascinating.”
“Aidan, I was thinking I should heal Drew’s lower back and knees. What’s that going to take?”
He smiled, “The traditional answer is that you must learn how to read his aura.”
Tim broke in excitedly. “Twenty years ago, Professor Markus Harris discovered that reading auras was actually an inefficient method of reading an individual’s DNA. An aura is influenced by a person’s DNA, general health, and emotions. When you heal someone, it’s more effective and efficient to just read the information in the DNA. The quick and dirty way to heal someone is to use an image of them in good health as a model. If you access a person’s genetic information, you’ll get a perfect reference image direct from the source code.”
Aidan was used to Tim. He genially ignored being interrupted and explained further. “Human science has affected magical theory to a most remarkable degree. Had I not defected, but instead remained in the Sidhe Universe, I’d never have known about genes and DNA, and how much more efficient that knowledge makes the healing spell. You’ll need to cast a spell that enables you to read DNA before you can heal Drew, and that spell will consume a considerable amount of your energy. You’ll want to load up on calories before you cast the spell, and will probably sleep for hours afterwards.”
“So why is it such a major spell? What’s the difference between spells that take a miniscule amount of energy versus those that take a lot?”
Aidan gave a quick laugh, “If I truly knew the answers to those questions, I wouldn’t be just an armorer. To tell you the truth, Victor my boy, I’m not all that interested in magical theory per se. I prefer to focus on what I know works. Tim here is much more the magic researcher and theoretician. Tim, can you address these questions?”
Tim answered, “Most of what we know about magic is empirical—knowledge gained by observation. I belong to a forum of magic practitioners, and we exchange ideas and theories about how magic works.
“Professor Markus Harris is the founder of our group. He started off as an experimental physicist. He was born with almost as many angel genes as a paladin. His experiments accidentally became magical spells and he became an Oath Brother.” Tim grinned. “He’s actually much happier as an Oath Brother than as a physicist. His inadvertent use of magic totally screwed up his experiments; no-one else could ever reproduce his results. A couple times he was actually accused of fabricating his findings.”
Tim mimed tipping his hat toward the leprechaun. “Master Aidan was kind enough to not mention why he’s not that particularly interested in theory. With the rare exception of discovering the relationship between auras and DNA, all we have are theories. We haven’t been able to come up with experiments to prove if our theories are correct.” He giggled; for once he signaled he was telling a joke. “Science that can’t be objectively confirmed has to be taken on faith, and we all know how accurate faith is or how faithful modern scientists are.”
Drew spoke for the first time, “I’m interested in hearing about the theories anyway.”
Tim’s cheeks grew flushed with happiness. “I’d love to tell you more about our theories, Drew.” He must have sensed my impatience because he hurried on, “Human scientists have theorized that up to seventy-three percent of the total mass-energy in our universe is dark. ‘Dark’ means scientists don’t know how to observe or measure it. Ironically, their calculations are based on completely wrong assumptions of fact, but by happy accident their conclusions for the most part are actually correct.
“Our Universe is permeated with dark energy—it’s everywhere. The proper magical term is aether. Our souls are localized, concentrated, biologically formed constructs made out of a combination of dark energy and dark matter. Since scientists can’t observe or measure dark energy and dark matter, it’s not surprising that they haven’t been able to find any quantifiable evidence of souls.
“We use our souls to directly manipulate aether, which can in turn manipulate normal matter and normal energy. It’s our belief that dark energy and dark matter interact with normal energy, matter, and time at the quantum level. At the macro level normal energy and matter for the most part follow simple rules like E=mc² and F=MA. At the micro or quantum level, simple rules don’t work. There is no certainty, only probabilities.
“Light is both a particle and a wave, and it’s impossible to know both the exact position and exact momentum of an electron at the same time. Einstein’s theory of general relativity shows that time can be slowed, accelerated, and even traveled. Almost anything is possible at the quantum level which is why we think magic starts there. The further the normal macro rules are twisted by magic, the more soul energy is required. When we cast a healing spell, the theory is that we’re actually using dark energy to accelerate time, decreasing healing time from days or weeks to just a few seconds. Energy requirements are a matter of scale; minor wounds and injuries take less power than massive trauma or mortal wounds. Obtaining a sense beyond the normal five—like the ability to read DNA—requires considerable power.”
Drew frowned in thought. “How does healing and aging interact? If you’re accelerating time when you heal someone, aren’t you also aging them in the process?”
Tim began smiling and nodding before Drew even finished, “Excellent question. Aging is the result of genes imperfectly replicating themselves. The cells in a normal human body have to constantly regenerate. At the end of every chromosome is a region of repetitive DNA sequences called a telomere that protects the chromosome from damage. Every time a cell divides, some of the telomere is lost. Losing telomeres damages the chromosome which results in aging. When magic is used to heal, there is no loss of telomeres.” 
I knew Drew. Give him a chance and we’d spend all day talking about magical theory. “Let’s get started. I want to be fully recovered by the time the Mina and the kids come back.”
Tim said, “Vic, I’d like to start an IV for you before you cast your DNA reading spell. This way we’ll avoid your automatic defenses, we’ll decrease your need to sleep and eliminate the post-casting headache. I suggest you cast the spell in the living room and then recover on the, couch, or cast it in your room and recover on your own bed.”
“Let’s go into the living room.”
Aidan handed me two sheets of paper. One was covered with handwriting; the other was printed. “My boy, I’ve written out the DNA reading spell in English on the first sheet, and then had Tim print a Pig Latin version. Please look it over carefully before you cast the spell.”
I walked into the living room and studied the spell. It was extremely detailed. It used words like polymer, nucleotides, base pairs, adenine, cytosine, guanine, thymine, 2-dexoyribose, and phosphodiester bonds. It specified that my ability to read DNA should be linked to my ability to see how much magical power a person possessed. It went into a lot of detail about how the spell would be powered. I was glad to have the cheat sheet.
It didn’t take Tim long to start an IV for me and hang a glucose drip. I read the spell out loud. My spell bar told me it’d use up eighty percent of my soul. “Akeitso-may.” I immediately grew lightheaded. I was glad I was already sitting down. I let myself slide down onto my side.
I was alone when I woke up. It was a little before 11 a.m. The IV was a godsend. This time I didn’t feel hung over. I pulled the needle out of my arm. I could hear the others downstairs. It was the first time I’d been down here in two days. Tim, Aidan, and Drew were casting spells on the Jotunn’s manacles.
“What are you guys doing?”
Drew answered, “Ah, Victor, you’re awake; good. We’re casting extra protection spells on the Jotunn’s bindings.” He pointed to the Jotunn’s healed face. “It doesn’t hurt to be safe.”
Since I’d last see the Jotunn, he’d become much thinner. A thought crossed my mind. “Tim, did you ever consider putting an IV into the troll—to see if it’d heal faster? I’d like to question him as soon as possible.”
He gave a quick nod, “Whenever I put a needle into him, his body rejected it and pushed it out within seconds. I tried duct taping the needle in place but his body scarred around it and sealed it off. For the last twenty-four hours since he healed enough to have a functional mouth, I’ve jury rigged an adult sized baby bottle and I’ve been feeding him Ensure. He’s never really been conscious, but he’s aware enough to suck on the bottle. He’s emptied two.”
“How long until he becomes conscious?”
Aidan answered, “I’d say soon, but we can’t be sure when. I’ve never had a Jotunn prisoner before—much less one so severely wounded. I’ve called other Oath Brothers to see if any of my old friends and acquaintances had any knowledge of how the Jotunn healed. None of them were able to help.”
“Will he be fully recovered when he wakes? Will he still have a mind?”
Aidan shrugged. “The interaction between the brain and the soul is complex. If he was healing by magic, my answer would be yes. Our souls contain our memories. He’s healing his head the same way some lizards regenerate or regrow their tails. I have no idea if he’ll still have his memories.”
I really wanted to question our prisoner. “How about I heal him now? Will that guarantee that he’ll have his mind?”
My armorer again shrugged.
I checked the cost to my soul—it wasn’t much, then I stared at the Jotunn using my new DNA sense and willed myself to see his genetic potential. Slowly a translucent image appeared superimposed over his actual body, and I could look inside the Jotunn. I wanted to see his brain. Both his real skull and scalp and his ideal image’s skull and scalp became transparent. The two images of his brain were identical. I examined the rest of his body. Because of his weight loss, the ideal image had more body fat and muscle mass than his corporeal body, but there were no other differences. “The Jotunn is completely healed. He’s just sleeping right now. Aidan, Tim, why didn’t you guys know that?”
Tim answered, “Vic, we’re armorers, not healers. Gaining the ability to read auras or read DNA has never been a high priority for either of us. Also, we don’t have the magical strength to cast this spell on ourselves; it’d have to be cast on us by someone much more powerful.” He thought for a second and then shrugged. “Paul Swenson could have done it. He…we never thought it was necessary.”
I walked up to the Jotunn and grabbed him by a huge bat-like ear and squeezed. The troll’s eyes opened and he screamed. He fought against his manacles. I could hear the wood his manacles were bolted to strain and creak, but his bindings held. I didn’t see any blood. Tim and Aidan had designed the restraints so the platinum wires didn’t come into play unless he actually broke his manacles.
The Jotunn’s screams turned into cries. Tears ran down his face until Tim stuck the bottle of Ensure in his mouth. The Jotunn began to suck and then began to make cooing noises.
I asked myself if a proud Jotunn warrior would ever willingly pretend to be an infant to fool his enemies—yeah right. “Dammit!”
Aidan decided to state the obvious, “It appears the Jotunn’s brain has healed but that he’s retained none of his memories. He has the mind of a newborn. This is fascinating, absolutely fascinating!”
I couldn’t stand the sight of the troll. I waved over at Drew. “I’m going upstairs. Come on up and I’ll heal you.” We went back into the kitchen. I considered calling Tim up to put another IV into me. I shouldn’t have pulled out the IV from before. The hell with it; I’d just eat more. I could live with a little headache.
I had Drew stand a couple feet away from me as I studied his ideal image. I examined his lower spine. I’d spent most of my free time during last twenty years studying things that interested me. One of them was anatomy. It’s a lot easier to hurt someone if you know what’s where under the skin.
Compared to his ideal image, his four lower lumbar discs were severely degenerated. His vertebrae were much closer together than they should be. He had a similar problem with his knees, the cartilage in the weight bearing surfaces of both knees were thinned down to almost nothing.
“I-ay ant-way is-thay ealing-hay ell-spay o-tay ake-tay effect-ay owly-slay o-tay use-ay e-thay east-lay amount-ay of-ay oul-say energy-ay. I-ay ant-way e-thay our-fay amaged-day ushions-cay of-ay artilage-cay o-tay ook-lay ike-lay ew’s-dray ideal-ay image-ay. I-ay ant-way e-thay artilage-cay of-ay is-hay ees-knay o-tay ook-lay ike-lay is-hay ideal-ay image-ay.”
My soul bar told me the spell would take over half of my remaining soul energy. I grabbed both boxes of Pop Tarts and sat down at the table. “Akeitso-may.”
Immediately, I began eating. I didn’t care if they were Strawberry or Frosted Cinnamon. A minute passed and Drew started to pace. Five minutes passed. Drew had enough and snapped. “What the hell! I don’t feel any different!”
“Wait for it. I delayed the onset of the healing spell to decrease the energy cost.”
“You son-of-a-bitch, thanks for telling me! By how long?”
“I left it open ended to decrease the energy cost as much as possible.”
“Fuck! In that case, I’m hungry, too.” Drew sat down and grabbed a couple Pop Tarts.
We finished off the two boxes of high fructose corn syrup laden pastries, and then poured ourselves bowls of Captain Crunch cereal. The only sound in the kitchen was steady munching and spoons clinking against the bowls. Drew was just about finished with his second bowl when he grunted and said, “Now isn’t that something? I think the spell’s starting to work.” He smiled and sighed, and leaned back in his chair with a look of ecstasy on his face. “I never thought I’d say it, but I’ve found something better than sex. I’m going to need to learn how to heal myself.”
There was too much sharing. I was glad to help Drew out, but the thought that I had something to do with that look on Drew’s face just didn’t sit well. We were close; I never wanted to be this close. I left him to be happy on his own and went back into my room and got on my bed. When I got healed, I just noticed the absence of pain; it hadn’t been particularly pleasurable. I guess I hadn’t been in chronic or continuous pain for as long as he had.
It was a quarter past one when I woke up. I listened for Mina. She wasn’t home. Neither was her brother or sister. Drew was outside by the shed. Aidan and Tim were still down in basement. I called Mina’s cell phone. She didn’t answer. The uneasy feeling I had earlier today burst into outright fear.
“Azam-shay. Harley!” I ran outside and jumped on my waiting mount. On the way to the range, I didn’t pay attention to how fast I was going; I just had to get there NOW. I weaved in and out of traffic on the way to the range. I had just pulled onto Gun Club Road when I saw Andi’s Mini. It was on the side of the road. The front end of it was smashed back to the ‘A’ pillar. Next to it was a Chevy Suburban; from the damage to its front end, it was clear there had been a head on collision. I didn’t see any of the Swensons.
I sent my helmet to storage and ran to a skinny guy in his early twenties, about my height, who was gesturing angrily at a cop. He shouted, “You need to find that blond bitch who carjacked me!”
“Hey! Excuse me! My fiancée and her sister and brother were in that Mini. Can you tell me what happened to them?”
The guy calmed down immediately. I could see he had bad news. “Dude, I saw the whole thing. Some giant crazy blonde bitch drove that Suburban head-on into your fiancée’s car. I stopped by to help and she tore my car keys right out of my hand. She was like the Terminator, man, because when I went after her she threw me around like I was nothing. She ripped the roof back on the Mini with her bare hands, dragged a woman out of the back, and peeled out of here.”
“What kind of car is it?
“My car’s a silver 2009 Subaru WRX sedan.”
“Do you have a GPS tracking service in your car?”
He waved his arms in frustration. “This is Salt Lake City, man. Who expects to be car jacked in Salt Lake City? Oh man, I have to tell people I’ve been jacked by a chick. She didn’t even have a gun!”
“What happened to the other people in the Mini?”
The cop laid a sympathetic hand on my arm. “The ambulance took a young man and a teenage girl to the University of Utah Hospital just a few minutes ago.” His expression told me they were badly hurt.
“When did this happen?”
The young guy spoke, “Less than an hour ago. And Dude, I’m sorry but I think your fiancée was injured in the accident. She was in the back seat and she didn’t look as messed up as the others, but she still didn’t look good. The other two looked really bad; there was blood everywhere”
“Thanks for trying to help. I owe you.”
I turned away and took a minute to think. Signe might be okay with having sons without balls, but I doubted the rest of her warband would be willing to lose theirs. They needed to stay at least a hundred miles away from Salt Lake City. She had to be on her way to meet them. We’d left the Jotunn in Boise.
The Jotunn could shapeshift and fly as birds, but I’d seen them on motorcycles and Signe had stolen a car. They preferred to use motor transport. There were two ways by road to get here from Boise, I-84 to I-15 coming from the north or I-84 to SR-93 to I-80 coming from the west. If I was a barbarian warrior with a kidnapped hostage, would I take the direct route using just interstate highways or a scenic meandering path that included spending hours on a state highway? Who the fuck was I kidding? I had no idea where Signe had taken Mina, but I had to start somewhere. I called Drew.”
“Yeah.”
“It’s me. Do you know who Signe is?”
“Tim and Aidan told me about her. She’s the leader of the Jotunn.”
“She set up a head-on collision with Andi’s Mini. She’s kidnapped Mina. Ben and Andi are at the University of Utah Hospital. I don’t know how bad they’re hurt but they were in the front seats and that end of the Mini is completely crushed. Tell Aidan to go to the hospital to check on them, but before he goes ask him for the Etch A Sketch; he’ll explain to you how to use it. You and Tim load up your minivan. Do you have a police radio?”
“Yeah.”
“Good, keep it turned on. The police are looking for Signe. Meet me at the gas station at the northern boundary of Salt Lake City on I-15; Tim will know where it is. Move it! She has over an hour on us.”
A giant blonde female carjacking kidnapper was going to attract reporters. I left before the news crews came. As I headed up north on the highway, I thought about what I should have done. I should have forced Mina to stay at home. Maybe I should have waited until the evening to heal Drew. My mind spun in more circles until I hit the end of my territory. I instantly lost my freewill and conscious control of my body. I watched myself pull off the first Bountiful exit.
I regained control of my body when I got off the highway. I pulled into the gas station where we’d stopped before and called Father Mallory. He picked up on the third ring. “Hello.”
“It’s Victor Paladin.”
His voice became cautious. “Yes.”
“Signe Ericsdottir, the Jotunn leader just kidnapped my fiancée. They’re in a stolen silver 2009 Subaru WRX sedan and I suspect they’re headed north. The Salt Lake City Police have an APB out on her vehicle. Do you have a way to monitor police communications?”
Mallory thought for a few seconds before he answered. I knew he wanted to tell me to take a flying fuck, but he answered, “Yes.” I guess in the end he was either a good guy or he was worried what I’d do to him and his if he said no.
I would have destroyed him if he had given me the wrong answer, but I was grateful when he said yes. I let it show in my voice, “Great, I’d like you to keep an ear on the police radio and to also have someone checking on all the news outlets to see if there’s any information on Signe. I really appreciate the help.” I gave him Drew’s cell phone number and told him to keep Drew updated.
It took eighteen minutes and fourteen seconds for Drew and Tim to pull up to the gas station where I was pacing. I jumped in the van as soon as they stopped. “Tim, did you explain to Drew how the sleep spell works?”
“Yes.”
“Has the Etch A Sketch been modified to look for thirteen rather than nineteen Jotunn?”
Drew answered, “Yeah and he also set it up to look for Mina. If she’s within fifty miles, she’ll show up. That’s what took us so long.”
As I went into the back row and buckled on my seat belt I told Drew, “Head north. Except for Signe, none of the Jotunn are going to be within a hundred miles of Salt Lake City.”
 I turned to Tim. “What gear did you bring?”
Tim ticked off a list, “We brought two M24s, the M85, and the two LAW rockets. We have six thermite 300 Win Mag Rounds, two hundred regular 300 Win Mag Rounds, and five hundred 50 BMG rounds linked one-in-five tracer. The Swensons took all of our shotguns, but we brought 300 Jotunn killing shotgun rounds so you could use them in Sanguinis.”
He then twisted in his seat to face me. “Also, Master Aidan initially designed the Etch A Sketch to look for groups of heartbeats. He’s since modified it to also look for breath sounds and the weak electromagnetic field put out by all living fauna. I’ve been working with Master Aidan for close to eighty years and he still amazes me. The orientation, size, and location of the electromagnetic field can distinguish between quadrupeds, bipeds, and birds in flight. He’s set it to look for groups of twelve to thirteen bipeds that are at least six feet tall.
“He used several of Mina’s belongings and the principle of contagion to make the Etch A Sketch detect her location. He’s used the bikes we brought from Idaho and our jolly green infant to sensitize it to the Jotunn, but they may have counter-spells that block this kind of contagion based location spell.”
We rode in silence until we were a few miles from the northern border of Salt Lake City. I told Drew, “Wake me up at the ninety-eight mile mark.” I put myself to sleep.
I woke up to agonizing pain. I was being burned alive. I opened my eyes expecting to be trapped in twisted, burning wreckage. There weren’t any flames and the van was fine. I could hear Tim screaming in the front passenger seat. He was writhing in pain too.
The only thing that mattered was finding Mina. I could handle this. Pain is just weakness leaving the body. I forced my body still and took a deep breath through my nose. I knew if I unclenched my teeth, I’d start screaming too. I needed to find out what was going on.
Tim gasped between shrieks, “Drew, please turn around, turn around, TURN AROUND!”
The pain was making it too hard to think. It was taking everything I had to just stay still. I was no good to Mina this way. Tim was right. We had to turn around.
Drew swerved our minivan into the center median of the highway and made a U-turn. We were just a few hundred feet from the Salt Lake City border. As soon as we crossed the border, the excruciating pain went away. When Tim stopped crying, Drew pulled off to the side of the highway. He asked, “What the HELL is this shit?”
“Michael and Samael decided they didn’t like paladins and Oath Brothers being able to leave their sandboxes.” It was B. He was sitting next to me. “Heaven usually takes forever to change a standing policy, but when you got major players like Michael and Samael pushing, things can move fast. They got rid of the sleep spell loophole a few hours after you left Boise. Vic, I just found out.”
The rear passenger door slid open. Drew caught my eye. “Out. Now. Vic, we’re wasting time. You, Tim, and Mr. Pretty get out now, go, go, GO!”
My mind was moving in slow motion. I couldn’t think—nothing registered. I had to run his words a couple times in my head before I understood. I stumbled out of the van. “Drew.”
“Yeah, I know. I’ll find her, Vic.”
Powerless, I watched Drew driving north, just like I’d watched Mina, Andi, and Ben drive away from the house earlier today. I don’t know how long Tim and I stood there, but eventually I realized B was still standing there next to me.
When I turned to face him, I didn’t see the cocky asshole I despised. As I stared at his face, I saw something I never expected to see: sorrow. There was no other emotion—no rage, glee, anger, or sarcasm. His voice was low as he said, “I’m sorry, Vic.” There was no hope or reassurance in his eyes—only sadness. I looked up to the sky and I screamed. It was worse than when I thought I was being burned, worse than any agony I’d felt before. I screamed and I screamed again.

Chapter 29: Waiting for the Word
I could feel the air push against me each time a car passed. I was kneeling on the edge of the hard surface of I-15. The last thing I remembered was screaming after B told me he was sorry. I had no idea how long I’d been here, but it had been long enough for the tears on my face to dry. My throat was scratchy and raw. It figured, I’d been screaming as loud as I could.
I saw Tim as I stood up. He was urgently waving me over to get further away from the highway. I was so close that the outside lane drivers were swerving away from me. I watched a guy in a truck give me the finger as he passed. I took three steps back toward Tim.
B was gone. My throat and mouth were completely dry. I had to swallow a couple times before I could get any words out. “Drew told me if I healed him, he’d become an Oath Brother. Why was he able to leave Salt Lake City?”
“He didn’t look younger. Did you reverse his age at all?”
“No, I took care of his lower back and knee problems.”
“Your magic exposure has to reach a certain threshold for the Oath to take effect. The healing spell alone wasn’t enough to do that. If you’d had made him younger, he wouldn’t have been able to leave.”
“Have you heard from Aidan?”
“No.”
I called Aidan.
As soon as he picked up, he asked, “Have you found Mina?”
“The rules for paladins and Oath Brothers have changed. We can’t use sleep spells to leave Salt Lake City. Drew’s gone up north by himself to look for her.”
“Ah, my son…”
I interrupted him before could say more, “How are Ben and Andi?”
His voice got quiet, “They didn’t have a chance.”
“When did they die? Was it at the scene or later?”
“They were dead before the paramedics arrived.”
I felt like I’d been kicked in the nuts. I should have said something—if only to tell Aidan I was going to hang up. I didn’t have the energy. I ended the call.
“Vic.” It was Tim. He had come closer while I was on the phone. “Your mount is meant for just one rider. I’ll have Master Aidan pick me up. Why don’t you go home?”
I mouthed my mount’s name and then rode her back to the house. I went up into my suite and put two glasses on my tiny kitchen nook table. I poured Glenfiddich into both of them. I sat down in one of the two chairs and quietly said, “B, I’d like to have a drink with you.” When I looked up, he was sitting across from me.
“Vic.”
I put up my hand. “I get it B. You can’t help me with Mina.” I saw relief on his face. “I’d like to ask you a few questions about my parents, but first, try the scotch. It’s my favorite single malt.”
I watched B take a sip then I asked, “Can you tell me if my parents are in heaven?”
He nodded, “I can’t help you with any of your active missions. A lot of the stuff your parents did and how and why they died are still classified. But I can tell you that they’re both dead and in heaven. I know this seems like penny ante bullshit—this need to know crap.” In disgust, he repeated, “IT IS CRAP. The guys who decide what I can and can’t tell you are morons. It sucks, but I don’t make the rules.”
“I understand. Can I talk to my parents?”
“No.”
“Why not?”
“It’s one of the things that changed when Jesus made his sacrifice. People used to be able to talk to the departed. There were even practitioners who specialized in it, Necromancers. In China in particular, it was a major part of ancestor worship.”
“Why did Jehovah stop it? Is there any way around the prohibition?”
I saw B figure out why I was asking these questions. I put up my hand again as he began to shake his head, “Please B, I’m just asking about my parents.” I drained my glass. “I’m just asking about stuff you’re allowed to talk about.”
We looked at each other for a long moment and then he gave a terse nod, “Vic, if you survive the Jotunn and recruit enough Oath Brothers to keep Salt Lake City safe in your absence, you’ll be able to leave Salt Lake City for weeks at a time. If you live long enough, you’ll visit other dimensions and get a chance to look around. Once you do, you’ll realize that the best dimension is right here. And the only reason for that is Jehovah. Whatever flaws we have, it’s better here than any other world. Jehovah can’t keep it together without a bureaucracy. Our universe is too complex for Him to run it by Himself.
“The official reason why the dead aren’t allowed to talk to the living? Both have jobs to do, and if they’re allowed to talk, they get distracted. Cultures based on ancestor worship tend to be less innovative and more stable technologically than those that aren’t. Heaven’s main goal is to increase the number of souls on Earth. For thousands of years there’s been a direct correlation between advances in technology and an increase in the population.
“That’s the official explanation. The real reason is that under every bureaucrat’s veneer of logic and reason, there’s a Mickey Mouse asshole who wants to tell you that you can’t do shit because,” he used his fingers to make quotes “it’s for your own good.” He picked up his glass and polished off his Glenfiddich.
“Thanks.”
Empty glass held in the air, B asked, “For what? I’ve been giving you nothing but bad news today.”
I met his eyes. “Thanks for letting me know what was going on as soon as you knew.” I tried my best to keep my voice from trembling as I said, “I owe you.” I poured more scotch into my glass. When I was done, B was gone.
I knew Ben and Andi were probably dead as soon as I saw the Mini’s smashed front end. But I had to hear it from Aidan’s lips before I could give up hope.
I doubted Samael was still in contact with Signe. She probably had no idea I couldn’t leave Salt Lake City.
I could only see two reasons why Signe would want to kidnap Mina. The first was to use Mina as a bargaining chip—to try to make me trade myself for my love. The second was bait—to make me so angry that I’d leave Salt Lake City to go after them. Either way, they’d want to be where I could easily find them.
Within the next fifteen minutes or so, if Mina was within a hundred miles of Salt Lake City, the Etch A Sketch should pinpoint her location.
I tried to have hope—to convince myself she was still alive, but B wouldn’t have said ‘I’m sorry’ if she was. The fact that Signe had used a kidnapping technique that was as likely to kill Mina as it was Ben and Andi confirmed that the bitch didn’t care if Mina was dead or alive. My love was a fighter. She wouldn’t just meekly accept being kidnapped, and it’s a lot easier to manage a corpse than it is a live, angry, uncooperative hostage.
I put my phone on the table and waited for Drew to tell me I was wrong.
I waited for an eternity. When my phone rang, I wanted to wait longer. The caller ID said it was Drew. I had to force myself to pick up the call.
“Yeah.”
“I’ve got bad news…” Drew paused as he tried to figure out the right words.
I already knew what he was trying to say. I’d been expecting it, but it still hurt. I made myself say, “The Etch A Sketch shows she’s dead.”
“She’s not breathing and she doesn’t have a heartbeat, Vic. I’ve also got thirteen six foot plus breathers with heartbeats near her. It doesn’t confirm that they’re Jotunn but that’s where the smart money would be. They’re just outside the Snowville city limits, a hundred and six miles out from Salt Lake City.”
“Where are you?”
“I’m in Brigham City.”
“Come back to the house.” After I ended the call, I began to laugh. I continued to laugh as tears ran down my face. It’s better to be lucky than good. Michael and Samael probably had no idea that they’d saved my life when they got rid of the sleep spell loophole.
If they hadn’t, I’d be in Brigham City with Drew and Tim when I found out for sure that Mina was dead. There’s no way I’d have turned back. I would have gone after Signe and the rest of the Jotunn. Tim, Drew, and I would have gotten Signe for sure and a few of the other Jotunn before they killed us.
Michael and Samael gave me no choice but to play it safe. I had to stay in Salt Lake City. I had to wait for my mercenaries to arrive. I had to wait for the Jotunn come to me. The cosmic irony of Michael and Samael accidentally saving my life was side-splitting. My glass shattered in my grip. As I tore the table in front of me into pieces, I promised myself that one day I would thank them properly.
After I destroyed the table, I sat on my bed staring out my window until I saw Tim and Aidan pull into the driveway. I was heading downstairs when my phone rang. It was Father Mallory.
“Yes?”
“Paladin…” I could tell he was stumbling over saying Paladin Paladin.
“Yes, what is it?”
He sounded excited. “Have you been watching the news at all?”
“No.”
“I suggest you turn on your TV to channel 5. The Salt Lake City local news stations are all broadcasting stories about your fiancée’s kidnapping. A silver 2009 Subaru WRX sedan was found on the side of I-15 right outside of Snowville. By chance, Channel 5 just happened to have a news crew right there.”
“Thanks, I’ll do that.” I ended the call, ran to the living room and turned on the TV.
A female anchor was saying, “We’re waiting to talk to John Sanderson, who is on I-15 just outside of Snowville at the scene of the abandoned vehicle that is thought to be the one used in the kidnapping of a Salt Lake City resident, Mina Swenson. Her kidnapper, who has been described as a tall, blonde woman, was involved in a head-on collision with Ms. Swenson’s vehicle earlier today. Ms. Swenson’s brother and sister, Benjamin and Andrea Swenson are both reportedly dead as a result of this accident.” The anchor paused and nodded her head, “John, what’s the situation there?”
Tim and Aidan walked in. I motioned to the TV. They stood and watched with me. The screen showed a reporter standing next to a guy wearing a Caterpillar cap and a blue mechanic’s coverall. “This is John Sanderson, reporting to you live from Snowville, Utah. I’m talking to Bob Sanger of Mel’s Towing. Bob, please tell us what you know.”
“Well, I was driving back from a job when I saw this here Subaru.” As he pointed, the camera panned over to a silver sedan. Parked next to it was a Utah Highway Patrol car with its lights flashing but the siren off. The camera panned back over to Bob. “I pulled over to see if I could help. Nobody was in it but I saw blood on the front seats, so I called the State Troopers. They got here about fifteen minutes ago and called for backup and then headed down that there ravine.” Bob pointed, and the camera panned over to a dirt trail that led into a deep ravine.”
John asked, “Do you know why the Troopers went down there?”
“They said they saw some tracks.”
“Bob, can you show us where they went?”
Bob looked at John like he was crazy. “It ain’t part of my job description to look for no killer. Listen there,” faint sounds of sirens could be heard. “I’d caution you to wait for the police.”
I saw fear war against ambition on John’s face. I could see him thinking that if he waited for much longer, the cops would cordon off the area and he’d have no chance of catching the kidnapper on film. Ambition won. “Well then, it’s our duty to investigate. Someone may need our help” The camera crew followed the reporter into ravine.
“Oh my GOSH!” John shrieked going soprano, “There are two dead troopers here!” The camera shook as it panned on two bloody figures on the ground. They were both in Highway Patrol uniforms. One trooper had been decapitated. His head had rolled a couple feet away from his body. The other’s head was split down the center from the top of his head to his sternum. The blood splattered around them still looked fresh. John screamed, “Get out of my way!” and ran toward the camera. As he passed, the picture jumped, whirled, and then went dark.
A couple seconds later the female anchor was back on. “We are experiencing some technical difficulties at this moment. We are in the process of trying to contact John Sanderson.” She fidgeted in silence for a few more seconds and then touched her ear. She smiled, “We were able to reach John by phone. John, what happened? You had us quite worried.”
John’s voice came on, “Wendy, It was a disturbing scene but I had the situation under control at all times. My crew and I were in the process of getting back to the highway when the camera received some minor damage. The camera is currently being repaired and it should be operational shortly.” Sanderson went silent. “Okay, I have breaking information, Wendy, six Utah Highway Patrol cars are pulling up now to the scene. They’ll need my eye witness report on the murdered troopers. For now, this is John Sanderson signing off.”
The anchor, Wendy Nelson then announced a commercial break. I switched to the other local TV stations. All of them had their news crews talking about Mina’s kidnapping, but they had nothing new to report.
I turned back to channel 5 and waited for the commercial break to end. They repaired the camera, because John Sanderson came back on the air. He said that the cops were looking for the killer, but so far there were no signs of her or Mina. Blood hounds were on the way. After that it was all crap. John and Wendy kept repeating what they knew.
I asked Aidan, “I have a police scanner. It doesn’t have the range to pick up the State Troopers a hundred miles away in Snowville. Can you tweak it so we can hear what’s going on?”
He nodded soberly, “I see no reason why I can’t.”
I went out to my truck and brought the scanner in for him and Tim to work on. While they worked their magic, I cleaned up the mess I’d made in my apartment. I was almost certain that Signe and her warband were no longer in Snowville, but I still wanted to hear what the Highway Patrol had to say.
I sent a text message to Father Mallory to thank him and to let him know I no longer needed his help.
Aidan and Tim were still working on the scanner and I was back watching TV when Drew got back. On the way home, he’d stopped by a Utah State Liquor store and picked up a case full of scotch and bourbon. Without a word, Drew handed me a full glass and sat on the couch next to me. It was Jim Beam—our drink of choice as kids. I thought of all the reasons I had not to drink. I still had the scanner to monitor and the TV news to watch, but I knew there wasn’t much chance that human cops would catch Signe.
Signe probably wouldn’t attack during the night; the house’s defenses were strong enough to hold against a single Jotunn, no matter what weapon she’d stolen from the Norse Gods. And if it came to it, I could use magic to instantly remove all of the alcohol from my system.
I clinked my glass with Drew’s and we both slugged back our drinks in one swallow. As he filled our glasses again, Tim and Aidan entered the room. Aidan turned on the scanner and we heard the State Troopers. The Troopers were hunting for a cop killer; they were pissed and highly motivated. They had nothing.
A thought occurred to me. While Drew poured bourbon for Tim and Aidan, I asked, “Guys, why aren’t reporters swarming all over us?”
Tim answered, “The protection spells on this house prevent enemies or irritants like reporters from finding us.” He tried a weak smile, “That’s why this house has never been visited by Mormon Missionaries or Jehovah Witnesses. None of the human databases have the correct address. Even if reporters got the right address, unless they had the power to defeat the protection spells, they’d keep getting lost.”
Aidan raised his glass, “Lads, I’d like to propose as toast to Mina, Ben and…”
I interrupted him, “Aidan, we’ll mourn them after their killer is dead—not before.” Our eyes met. His were sympathetic. I knew mine were ice cold. He nodded his head. Tim and Aidan left after two drinks each. Over the next few hours, Drew and I talked about old times and we finished off a 1.75 liter bottle of Jim Beam.
After Drew passed out on the couch, I went upstairs to my room and wrote in my journal about Mina, Ben, and Andi. This time, I didn’t leave anything out. I wrote about every moment I spent with Mina from the time I first met her to the time she left for the gun range. I even described the night we tried to have sex. I wrote about my love for her. After I was done, I wept and then went to sleep.

Chapter 30: Revenge
I woke up when a chunk of drywall fell on my face. I opened my eyes, and saw the entire ceiling collapsing. I didn’t have time to get out of my room. I rolled off the bed, scooted underneath it, and said, “Azam-shay.” I wondered if Salt Lake City was being hit by an earthquake.
A huge, birdlike foot tipped with two-foot-long talons smashed into my room and answered my question. Claws snagged my desk, chair, and bed. As my furniture got yanked out of my room, I bounced up, took the door off the hinges with my shoulder, and jumped down the stairs. I hit the floor feet first and then rolled into the kitchen to shed momentum. Drew rushed in from the living room as I got up.
He turned to the window which revealed the scaly underside of the thing that was destroying the house. “Vic, is that a fucking dragon?”
That was as good of a name as any I could come up with. The house shook, groaned, and creaked as the dragon ripped through the roof and smashed down all the walls in the top floor. Since I couldn’t do anything else for them, I hoped Tim and Aidan were okay.
The thing was tearing down walls with just one swipe; Drew and I didn’t have much time. “Drew, where’s the M85 and the LAW rockets?”
“They’re still secured in my van; I never took them out.” Like me, Drew kept his most important equipment in locked steel cases in his vehicle.
“Where are Tim and Aidan?”
“Don’t know, didn’t see them.”
Through the window, I saw more of dragon as it shifted position. Its metallic scales reflected the moonlight, and its head sported a spiky, armored frill. The dragon was at least a hundred feet long; it filled the yard as it sat on its hind legs and tail and used it’s forelimbs to tear the house apart. I had a strong suspicion that Sanguinis and Obex wouldn’t be enough for a hundred feet of magic lizard. I needed more powerful weapons—MUCH more powerful weapons. We’d never get the M85 and the LAW rockets out of the van in time.
Thank God, I’d studied and memorized the escape routes out of Salt Lake City when I’d first gotten here. “Drew, go by highway straight up Parley’s Canyon toward Park City. Mountain Dell golf course will be on your left, about ten miles from here. You should be able to get there in ten minutes. I’ll take city streets and go up Emigration Canyon—that’s a twenty-six mile route to the same place. When we get there, I’ll be coming from the east and you’ll be coming from the west. If things work out right, you’ll get there about fifteen minutes before me. Set up something nice for Puff.”
Drew grinned, “It’s a change from tangos and drug runners.”
I shot back at him. “You have to admit, when you hang with me, it’s never boring.”
I called Harley into the kitchen and gunned it, opening the kitchen door by going straight through it. I must have been going forty when I sailed off the back porch and roared through yard directly at the cedar fence that separated my yard from my neighbor’s. Cedar is a relatively soft wood; it was easier going through the fence than the kitchen door. I barely felt the impact. 
I hated being bait again, but I had to make sure the dragon followed me. I exploded through the fence, skidded to a stop, and sprayed it with half a drum of fin stabilized slugs. I saw its scales ripple and I heard the slugs impact, but couldn’t tell if they penetrated. Puff roared, and jerked its Volkswagen-sized head in my direction.
I jerked back on my throttle. My rear tire spun in place digging deep through the grass and into the soft dirt below. Something hot and gooey hit my back. The impact smacked my head into my handlebars. I was barely able to keep my bike upright. 
Getting hit had a silver lining; Harley got pushed forward and finally got traction. I was on asphalt going about thirty, weaving back and forth, when a ball of flame just missed me. I then realized that I was on fire; the dragon was spitting burning balls of mucous at me. Being the focus of murderous intent was nothing new—pretty much the story of my life. Having something try to kill me with a gigantic burning loogie—that pissed me off.
Dragon flame was a lot like napalm. Flaming snot covered the back of my helmet, jacket, and left thigh. My left thigh began to hurt as the mithril strike plate heated up; the back of my head felt warm. My jacket protected me perfectly and Harley was fine. I checked my spell bar. I had twenty percent of my soul left. On the bright side, I didn’t feel drunk and I didn’t have a hangover.
I sped through the deserted residential streets; I guessed it was around three or four in the morning. I was threading a fine line. I had to keep the dragon close enough to stay interested, but still stay out of range of its spit wads and claws. It takes a while to set up a M85. The more time I gave Drew the better.
I was going about forty when I glanced in my rearview mirror. I saw the dragon take wing. It closed fast. I slammed on my brakes and went into a controlled skid; the dragon overshot me. It threw its wings open to air brake, over-corrected, stalled, and belly flopped on the pavement. Unfortunately, it didn’t look badly hurt—just surprised and a little stunned.
Multiple tons of pissed off lizard was blocking my way, so I jumped the curb into somebody’s yard and cut through to the next street. I didn’t want to make it too obvious I was leading it somewhere, so I took an S-shaped route through the neighborhood so the dragon could take shortcuts over the houses.
I was too busy not getting killed to come up with a Pig Latin spell to put out the flames. I didn’t want to waste a healing spell while I was still burning. The pain from my left thigh was getting hard to ignore. 
According to the fairy tales, dragons have human level intelligence. I hoped it was too dumb to realize what I was doing, or too cocky to care. Regardless of how smart he was, it had to have a predator’s basic instincts. In the heat of a chase, instincts are always stronger than logic. I mimicked the body language of a panicked prey animal; it wasn’t hard.
I forced myself to take a meandering route through Sugar House. I made a wrong turn into a cul-de-sac. All of the houses in front of me had fenced in backyards. I aimed for a yard with a wood fence. I didn’t realize until I was committed that the back end of the yard had a chain link fence.
I had just enough time to scream, “OH SHIT” and pulled Harley into a wheelie as I was about to smash into the fence. It took a few seconds for me to realize that my mount had smoothly ridden over the fence. I’d barely felt a bump. Magic motorcycles—there were a couple aspects of being a paladin that didn’t suck.
I decided I’d given Drew enough time and headed straight for Emigration Canyon. By Harley’s speedometer, Puff’s maximum airspeed on the straightaway was fifty-two miles per hour. I stayed about two hundred feet ahead of him until I got two-thirds of the way up the canyon. There were a couple switchback turns near the top. If I didn’t have enough of a lead, the dragon would get in front of me.
I made the decision to trust my magic mount, and went as fast as Harley could go. Her speedometer only went to 125, but I had to have been going at least 150 when I entered the first turn. My scream was mixture of pain, fear, and exhilaration; Harley and I took the turn like we were on rails. The G-force was so great I started to gray out.
As I expected, Puff flew straight over the top of the mountain, but I still had to follow the road. He got within fifty feet of me. I prepared myself for another blast of flaming dragon snot, but it didn’t happen. It appeared he’d run out of fuel. That was good, because the back of my head was really getting hot; the dragon flames must have almost burned completely through my helmet. I sent it back to storage. Hopefully, Aidan didn’t keep a lot of important flammable things in the same space. I considered sending my pants back too, but I saw that the dragon snot had eaten completely through my leathers on my left thigh and adhered to the strike plate. The titanium plate cooked through the leather underneath and fused to my thigh.
I put my left hand straight up in the air and gave him a backwards finger. I knew it was an unnecessary risk but I didn’t care. From his cry of outrage, he knew what it meant. For almost thirty seconds he sped up to fifty-five miles an hour. I kept a close eye on him in my rear view mirrors and kept just barely out of reach.
I started laughing when Puff screamed in frustration and started to slow down. There’s nothing like kicking an asshole when he’s down. I slowed down with him, staying about thirty feet ahead of him—close enough that he could almost taste me. Again, it was an unnecessary; risk. If he’d been pretending to be tired, he could have had me—but he wasn’t pretending.
I was only going twenty-eight miles an hour when we got to Mountain Dell. I saw the flash as the two LAW rockets fired; I hoped the shooters were Tim and Aidan. The rockets sounded like they were coming straight at me. I screamed and gunned it. I heard the tremendous ‘BOOM—BOOM’ as the rockets smashed into Puff. I watched in the rearview mirrors as Puff hit the pavement hard. 
When I heard the M85 open up, I knew Tim and Aidan were alive. The dragon’s head thrashed like a spastic snake as Drew expertly fired all five hundred rounds of mixed armor-piercing and tracer into the base of the dragon’s neck. He had linked the belts and laid them out perfectly; the gun never missed a lick. 
The LAW warheads must have burned through Puff’s armor because the fifty caliber slugs almost took his head off. When Drew cleared and safed the M85, it was all over but the twitching. Puff’s corpse jerked and flopped like a twenty ton decapitated chicken.
I coasted up to Drew and stopped, putting all of the weight on my right foot. I didn’t get off my bike. I was barely able to shift gears with my left foot. There was no way I’d be able to stand. He came up grinning like a madman, slapped me on the shoulder, and said, “I call dibs on the head. I’m going to stuff it and hang it on a wall even if I have to custom build a room big enough to hold it.” His grin fell away as he noticed the charred strikeplate that had melted itself into my left thigh. He sucked his breath in between his teeth and gritted, “Shit, I thought I smelled barbequed pork, but it’s you! That has got to hurt like a motherfucker! Hang on; I’ve got morphine syrettes in my first aid kit.”
Drew retrieved the morphine, and jabbed me with two of the syrettes. He had a third one standing by. I felt the morphine take hold, and the pain receded. 
Aidan and Tim got closer. They looked like crap. They didn’t look injured, but their faces had no color; they moved slowly and carefully, like old men. 
I called out to them, “I hope you guys feel better than you look. What happened?”
They staggered the last few steps up to me and Drew. Tim gave me a tired smile. “Neither Master Aidan nor I have ever fired a LAW before.” He threw a weak wave at Drew. “Mr. MacDonald informed us that it takes considerable practice to be accurate with them. A dragon’s scales have close to the same strength and resilience as the side armor of a modern main battle tank. We had to pierce the armor so the .50 BMG rounds could penetrate. Because we had to do it quick and dirty, Master Aidan and I pretty much used up everything we had to cast guidance spells on the rockets. 
I had wondered what my slugs had done when I shot the dragon. Now I knew the answer; I’d tickled it. I had more questions. “That scaly son-of-a-bitch tore through our protections like they didn’t exist. Why would a dragon attack us?”
Aidan smiled as he replied, “Ah, my boy. It makes more sense if you know it was a she and not a he.
I stared again at the twitching corpse. “How do you know it’s female?”
Tim answered with a straight face, “She doesn’t have a penis.”
Drew thought this was funny. He actually dropped to the ground laughing. Aidan started to chuckle and then Tim did too. Soon all three were whooping at the top of their lungs. I understood why they were laughing; there’s a high that comes from surviving a deadly fight. But Mina was dead and I had a titanium plate melted into my thigh. I wasn’t in the mood to join them.
When Tim was able to talk again, he explained, “What I meant to say is dragons, like most reptiles have two penises and usually keep their penises inside their tails until they need it. During reproduction the pair of hemipenes pop out of their anal opening. Males have a bulge over their retracted penises. Also, they usually have a V-shaped line in front of their anal opening called a sulcus. The dragon we killed didn’t have a bulge or a sulcus.” Tim looked contemplative. “All living creatures have auras. Shapechangers have very distinct auras and it’s sometimes possible to see their original species. From the aura, I’d guess that dragon was originally a Jotunn.”
“Wait a minute; you’re saying we killed Signe?”
Aidan nodded, “Victor, it makes sense if she stole Andvaranaut.”
Tim gasped with excitement. “Master, that’s got to be the answer!”
I glanced at Drew. He had no idea what they were talking about either. Then I heard B imitating Elmer Fudd singing, “Kill the Dwaagon, Kill the Dwaagon, Kill the Dwaagon!” When we all turned to face him, he smiled. “I can tell you guys have no idea where the theme music from that Bugs Bunny cartoon came from.” He gave a sad shake of his head at our lack of culture. “Boys, that’s ‘The Ride of The Valkyries’ from Richard Wagner’s greatest work, Der Ring des Nibelungen. It’s based on Norse history. Andvaranaut is a golden ring that creates a duplicate ring once a day. If you wear it long enough, it turns you into a dragon. It’s clear that our dragon lady wore it long enough.”
I asked myself if I had been given enough time, would I have ever researched German operas? I shook my head—not a chance. “So by right of conquest, the ring’s mine?”
B gave me a politician’s smile. “I’ll tell you what, Vic.” He walked over to me and clasped my shoulder. I felt a wave of energy enter my body from his hand. As it spread through me, I felt rejuvenated. “How about I heal you and we’ll call it even. If it was a routine, run-of-the-mill magic doo-dad, it’d be yours. But it’s against policy to let dragons enter our universe; it’s one of the few heavenly regulations that make any sense. It’s based on the unwritten commandment, ‘There shalt be no God but Jehovah on this Earth.’ The longer a dragon lives, the larger and more powerful it becomes. There’s a dragon—Jormungand—that’s as powerful as any Norse god. 
Then he grabbed my right hand and gave me a two-handed hand shake. This time his smile looked real. “Congrats Dude, you kicked some truly major ass. Even a day old dragon is a powerful enough entity that I probably could have gotten away with nailing it for you. But that would have made you look like a whiny little sissy-pants, and I know how you hate that. I took a gamble and decided to have faith in you—if you’d gone tits up, I’d be up the proverbial fecal estuary with inadequate means of propulsion. But, it paid off. Keep it up and I might be able to get off The Great Gazoo’s shit list.” With that he disappeared.
I looked down at my left thigh. My leather pants looked brand new and my thigh didn’t hurt.
Drew snickered, “Yeah, Mister Big Hero Man. Glad you kicked dragon ass all by your lonesome.” He then cocked his head toward the M85 and then his van. “How about giving your old pal a hand?” Even though his back was healed, he still had the instincts of a guy with a bad back; he didn’t want to risk hurting it again. I got off my bike, picked up the seventy pounds of fifty caliber machine gun, and packed it into the van. I realized why Drew brought the M85 instead of an M-2. The M-2 was the better weapon, but with the tripod it weighed a hundred and thirty pounds. He’d made an old man’s choice and hadn’t wanted to admit it.
Tim and Drew walked along with me and we all got into the van together. Drew called out to Aidan who was still staring longingly at the spot where the dragon had been. B had taken the carcass with him when he disappeared. “Aidan, we should move it, man. We made enough noise that the cops are going to get here anytime.”
The leprechaun took one last look and ran to the van. As he climbed in he moaned, “Lads, what a waste. Do you know that bathing in fresh dragon’s blood makes you virtually invulnerable? The skin, teeth, talons, bones, and heart are almost as valuable.”
I turned to Drew, “Let’s go back to the house and see how much is left.” As we got on the highway, I thought about what B had said about not taking care of Signe for me. I decided I was glad he hadn’t. I hadn’t killed her with my own hands but as much as anyone, I was responsible for her death. It wouldn’t have been the same if B had eliminated her for us.
I owed B for telling me as soon as he knew that Mina was dead. Did that make him my friend? I decided not. The asshole had ‘let’ me take care of Signe for his benefit, not mine. If it was to his advantage, I was almost certain he’d betray me without hesitation.
When we got to the house, it looked like it had never been attacked. Even the back fence was repaired. A hand written note from B was jammed in the kitchen door frame. ‘It’s the least I could do.’ He’d signed it with a smiley face with horns and a spiked tail.
The note confirmed my suspicions about B. Yeah, his note was ‘true’ but it was truth meant to deceive. I should know, it’s what I had been doing with ‘truth’ since I’d become a paladin. The asshole was playing me. Once you understood that Jehovah’s power was fueled by faith, and that faith by definition required uncertainty, you could predict what the heavenly bureaucracy would do. They absolutely had to cover up any event that gave proof to ordinary mortals that magic, monsters, and gods do in fact, exist.
Earlier in the night, I’d been too busy trying to survive to worry about my neighbors. Now that I had time to think, there had to be some reason why none of them had called 911 when a monster was eating my house. Yeah, it was the least that B could do to remove all traces of Signe, but he didn’t do it for us as a reward for good work. He was just doing his job.
We were all exhausted. I went into my newly restored apartment and fell asleep as soon as I hit the bed.
I woke up around noon. For once, I was the last one up. I heard the others talking about magic and guns in kitchen. As soon as I got down there, Tim jumped up. “Vic! The Jotunn attacked Boise. It was a slaughter!”
“What!”
Tim said it again, “The Jotunn attacked Boise. It was a slaughter!”
I pulled a chair out and sat down.
Aidan explained further, “I received word from the armorer in Boise this morning. Twelve Jotunn attacked them last night right around the time Signe attacked us.”
The previous time the Jotunn had attacked Boise, Samson and the Oath Brotherhood had only been able to kill two of the warband at the cost of twelve Oath Brothers. This time around they didn’t have a paladin; the Boise Brotherhood had probably taken massive losses. I asked, “How many Brothers did they lose?”
Aidan shook his head in wonder, “None.”
I frowned. “How is that a slaughter?”
Tim looked like he was about to burst. Aidan took pity on him and waved at Tim to answer my question. “It was the Jotunn that got slaughtered, and it’s because of you! The Boise Oath Brothers saw what modern firearms could do when you had your trial by combat with Paladin Samson. When a paladin dies, the minions move in and the Oath Brothers usually die like flies. That prospect helped convince Father Mallory to try something new. Two days ago, the Boise armorer called and asked us for advice. Master Aidan told him to get semi-automatic assault rifles and tracer rounds.
“When the Jotunn attacked the Boise Brotherhood Sanctuary this morning, they were armed with the usual swords, axes, and spears. They met twenty Brotherhood guards armed with AKMs. They cut the Jotunn to pieces. The news is traveling like wildfire through the Oath Brother grapevine. If you hadn’t come up with the idea of using modern firearms first, none of this would have ever happened. You’ve been a paladin for just seven days and you’ve changed everything. Everyone is talking about you.”
I didn’t know how to respond. I got up and went to the coffee maker on the counter and poured myself a cup. I took a sip. I decided I didn’t give a crap if I’d changed everything and if everyone was talking about me. I just hoped that word of where I was didn’t get back to my old enemies. It wasn’t like I couldn’t handle them, but I didn’t need the extra hassle. I shrugged.
Drew pounded his fist on the table and guffawed. He put his hand out, palm up, toward Tim and Aidan. “I told you that’s how he’d react to being told he’s a seven day wonder. Gimme.”
Tim and Aidan handed Drew a twenty each.
I asked, “So guys, what happens now?”
Tim and Aidan looked at each other and then back at me. Aidan spoke, “Sure lad, things go back to normal. Tim and I will be moving back to our own places today. I assume Drew will stay here with you. As long as Salt Lake City is minion free, your time is your own.” He smiled widely, “My boy, we’ve won!”

Chapter 31: Aftermath
Three people in the Sugar House area claimed to have seen the Ghost Rider—a burning guy on a motorcycle—being chased by a dragon. As expected, they became laughingstocks. B had magically removed all the damage that Signe had caused. It’s possible that more people saw us, but they had the brains not to admit it.
Drew told the Russian mercenaries that we didn’t need them. They were only mildly disappointed. They got to keep five hundred thousand dollars for doing nothing. The bounty I got for Signe more than made up for cash I gave the Russians.
We no longer had the Jotunn prisoner. I considered just killing him, but I didn’t have the heart to kill a troll with the mind of an infant. I had Aidan transport him back to a random village in Jotunheim. I left it up to his own people if he lived or died.
It has been a few months since Mina’s death. Father Mallory and his men never recovered her body. Over a period of weeks, Drew took the magic Etch A Sketch out two hundred miles in all directions from her last known location outside of Snowville. He never found anything either. If I was the kind to believe in miracles, there’d be a little part of me praying she might still be alive. I could say the exact length of time I’ve been without her, but I like to pretend I’m not still counting the hours.
It’s been fairly quiet since then. On average, I kill one minion a week. Since I never give them the time to gather in groups, they never give me much trouble. I have plenty of time to study for my job. I know exactly what it is I’m hunting and how best to kill it.
At first, I let Tim help me on my jobs. Despite his disclaimers, he’s not really a coward, and he is an extraordinary swordsman. He’s become very good with an M1A SOCOM 16. The problem is; he’s a SPAS. When he’s absolutely certain he’s going to die, he’s more than competent. At all other times, he has Senseless Panic Attack Syndrome. He gets too excited and makes too many potentially deadly errors. We were both relieved when I told him to support me in a noncombat role where he’s most effective. 
Most inter-dimensional portals have a fixed locus. Over the years, the various paladins and Oath Brothers have identified and marked thirty-seven of them. Tim developed one of my favorite anti-minion traps; a claymore mine with a hundred and one of the magic Jotunn-killing buckshot pellets for the payload. It arms when a portal opens but only triggers if something live and roughly human size steps through. They’re all GPS linked, and the location comes up when one trips. Most of the minion gets blown back through the portal before it closes, which also simplifies clean-up.
Turns out that a paladin’s enhanced physical abilities aren’t that much of a big deal when compared with those of most minions. Even when combined with Jehovah’s gifts, the long term survival rate for paladins is low. Tim’s traps cut down on the number of minions who make it into my city, but I still have to work for a living.
Four days ago, a ghoul entered the Salt Lake City sewer system through a previously unknown inter-dimensional portal. It knew how to evade magical sensors, but it ignored all of the infrared cameras. So far to date, I haven’t come across any minions that understand human technology.
According to my research, this ghoul would be my toughest, most formidable opponent since Signe. This particular ghoul was at least four or five times faster and stronger than me, and invulnerable to just about everything. Penetrating puncture wounds seal instantly; blunt force impact weapons are worse than useless. Heat could kill it, but it had to be subjected to steel-smelting temperatures for at least ten minutes. 
It’s essentially a man-sized slime mold. The only solid parts of it were its teeth and claws. Its hearing was as good as mine and its sense of smell was as good as a bloodhound’s.
For all of its strengths, it has one doozy of a weakness: sodium chloride—ordinary table salt. Force an ounce or so of salt a couple of inches below its outer surface, and it dissolves into goo. Despite this weakness, they’re very, very hard to kill. All the reference works I’d read agreed that this kind of ghoul was twitchy, skittish, and super fast.
‘Ghoul’ isn’t the name of any particular species; it’s a catch-all term for any roughly man-shaped, intelligent predator that consumes rotting human flesh. Ghouls don’t play The Great Game; they’re not on a mythic hero quest. They’re just predators. 
This particular species likes to play with its food. It hunts attractive human women of child-bearing age and tortures them to death. These ghouls feed on pain and fear as much as they do the rotting flesh. Some of reference texts claimed that it had sex with the woman’s corpse until her flesh had rotted enough to make a great meal. Others claimed that it probed the dead woman’s orifices to accelerate the decomposition process. Either way, it was disgusting.
All ghouls are dormant during the day. Like most solitary predators, they hunt at night. This particular ghoul was methodical and intelligent. It spent its first two days casing the Salt Lake City sewer system. I shadowed its movements above ground waiting for it to come out to play. It’s a point of honor for me to never give a target an even break. There was no way I was going to hunt in a closed, cramped environment where my target could smell me before I ever saw it.
If Drew had still been in town, I would have had him set up on a rooftop with a good view of the most likely manhole covers, then nail the ghoul with a custom made, salt filled fifty caliber round as soon as it poked its head above ground. My money would always be on Drew’s ability to stay stealthy over a minion’s twitchy speed. But Drew went home to California two months ago. Once I fixed his back and knees and he got off his meds, he wanted to take Mr. Happy exploring again. Now, his first priority was sex, and his second was to learn as much about magic as he could without getting trapped by the Hero’s Curse. If I called him and asked for help, he’d come, but I had enough of asking for help.
The ghoul spent all last night hanging out and casing a bus stop that had three bars within two blocks. Conveniently, there was a blind alleyway about ten feet from the bus stop. I was geared up, and waiting in the shadow of the alleyway while Aidan and Tim gave me updates on the ghoul’s location through my Bluetooth earpiece.
The street was completely empty when the ghoul came out of a manhole about a half block away. I saw it sniff the air. Although I didn’t see it cock an ‘ear’, I was sure it was listening also. It probably would have picked up my scent if I hadn’t dowsed all of my gear with the urine from a cat in heat. According to my reference books, piss from a cat in estrus was one of the best scents to mask mine. To complete the illusion, Aidan and Tim built me a device that made it sound like I had the heart rate of a typical household cat. The device listened to my heartbeats and then interspersed fake ones until it got to one hundred and twenty beats when I was resting—faster as my heart rate increased.
It’s funny where life takes you. I would have never guessed that one day I’d be standing in a dark alley soaked in piss, pretending to be a cat in heat.
When I saw it move from shadow to shadow, I knew that it would be almost impossible to hit in motion with any kind of projectile weapon. It moved so fast it was a blur. It would have been perfect if it had chosen my alleyway as a place to conceal itself; I had Sanguinis up and ready. Instead, it chose a shadowed shop doorway twenty feet away from me.
The ghoul didn’t so much as twitch while two guys waited at the bus stop. A few minutes after they caught their bus, a lone brunette in a server uniform and a short down jacket walked up to the stop. The ghoul moved so fast, I barely had a chance to react. It lunged forward, grabbed the waitress by the neck, and hauled her into my alley.
Conveniently, it made a beeline for the darkest shadow, which was where I was waiting. It almost impaled itself on Sanguinis’ muzzle. I fired two rounds of rock salt into its chest. It had just enough time to look surprised as it melted into a puddle of goo. Normally, I’d have walked away, but the ghoul’s teeth and claws were useful. I sent my gear away. It was a relief to finally get rid of my urine soaked leathers. The shots I’d fired were almost completely silent. There was a chance the waitress hadn’t even noticed me shooting the ghoul. I helped her step over a puddle of goo, and out of the alley into the light, and then asked, “Are you alright?”
I saw her eyes widen as she saw my face. God, I hated that response. She was tired and scared. Her throat was turning purple with bruises, but she was almost as pretty as me. She wasn’t as full figured as Mina, but even in her coat I could tell she was proportioned perfectly. I expected her to cry or become hysterical.
Instead, she swallowed twice and then whispered as loudly as her traumatized throat would allow, “Thank you for saving my life. What was that thing? It couldn’t have been human!”
Shit! It was turning out to be one of those nights. She had seen me shoot the damn thing. I pulled out a metal coffee to-go cup and a pair of chopsticks from my field jacket pocket. I stepped back into the alleyway and carefully picked up all the ghoul’s teeth and claws from the ground. I put the top back on the cup and stowed everything away. I looked down at her and finally answered, “I’m sorry, but it’s best that I don’t answer your question. But I’ll wait with you until your bus comes.”
It took less than five minutes for her bus to come. Every few seconds, whenever she stole a look at my face, I met her gaze with a gentle, reassuring smile. While we stood in silence, I thought of all the things I’d do if I had free will. As much as I loved Mina, she was gone and I’d never been without any kind of sex for this long before. Even worse, there was celibacy in front of me as far as my mind could see.
If I could, I’d do my best to seduce this girl. She was beautiful, courageous, and level headed. She had everything I desired in a woman. I’d just saved her life and I looked like a movie star. The odds were excellent I’d score. Then I’d leave for another city so there’d be no chance of us getting close. I’d experienced true love. It wasn’t something I ever wanted to feel again. There was too much risk; it hurt too much.
Every time the girl next to me tried to speak, I silenced her with a sad smile. Magic is enforcing your will upon the universe; I willed her to be silent. It helped that her throat was so sore she could barely talk. By the time the bus came, there was a part of me that hated her for making me want her.
Because a part of me hated her, because I’m flawed and petty, I made my farewell by gently caressing her cheek. I mustered the most tragic smile I could and said, “I wish…” Then I turned and walked away into the darkness, without looking back. I knew she’d remember my smile, touch, and words for the rest of her life.
***************

Sample of Mythic Hero, Book II of the Paladin Files:
Normally I’m not allowed west of the Salt Lake City Airport. The heavenly bureaucracy is like every other group of pencil pushing geeks with too much power. For no other reason than a petty need to exert their control, they restrict Jehovah’s servants to our areas of operation. 
Just for this weekend, I’d been given Heaven’s special dispensation to roam outside the borders of my prison. I rode on I-80 westbound past the airport, took exit 104 and pulled up to a huge white Islamic-themed castle with four golden minarets called Saltair. 
Saltair is a remodeled aircraft hangar used mostly for concerts, and it’s a tourist destination of sorts. I went in and found an empty men’s room, entered a stall, and sub-vocalized “Azam-shay”. My helmet and leathers disappeared and were replaced by a ball cap, yellow-framed Ray-Bans, cut-off shorts, high-tops, and a t-shirt that proclaimed ‘My parents were abducted and probed at MARFA, TEXAS and all I got was this stupid T-shirt!’
I walked through the building to the shore of the Great Salt Lake. It was July, so the brine flies were swarming and the lake stank of rotting fish. No one was there except a group of UFO lovers and yours truly.
The group ranged in age from teenagers to a couple in their late sixties. They looked like Comic Con goers who’d had the misfortune to sign up for the ‘Brine Fly Swarming Tour’ by mistake. In addition to the usual bad hair and garish mismatched outfits, there was an Original Series Star Trek uniform, a ‘Tom Baker’ Dr. Who, and a Babylon 5 Centauran. They were all waving and slapping at the biting flies. I had to give them credit for persistence; no one made a move to leave. 
An overweight, middle-aged guy with a comb-over, Hawaiian shirt, khaki shorts and horn-rimmed glasses was one of the few in the group who didn’t have any angel genes. He started telling his story. “Exactly three years ago today at exactly this time and at this precise location, I was taken by Grays. I remember a tractor beam pulling me into the ship. Twenty-four hours later, I found myself back here. I have no memory of what happened during that time.” I listened to his heartbeat as he spoke. It didn’t increase. He believed he was telling the truth.
Angelic genes are necessary to perform magic. Before Christ, angels frequently interbred with humans, and had children called Nephilim. On a power rating scale of zero to one hundred, a typical human is zero; a Nephilim is fifty, and an angel is one hundred. Nephilim had the power to live thousands of years, summon demons, and perform miracles.14
Christ’s sacrifice redeemed humanity and neutered angels. There hasn’t been a new Nephilim since. Over time, angel genes spread and became diluted. About ten percent of humanity has angel genes with an average power rating of less than two. Paladins like me have power ratings of twenty-five and above and we all have vassals called Oath Brothers who have power ratings of three and above.
Fifteen out of the eighteen here had angel genes. All of them desperately wanted a close encounter. Magic is cumulative; the fifteen of them combined had a power rating of thirty-one. This was the most powerful gathering I’d observed this weekend. If any group was going to summon up ‘aliens’ from another dimension, it’d be this group.
I wasn’t surprised to see a shimmer in the sky about three hundred feet up. Almost all inter-dimensional portals are at ground level or below. These aliens flew, so a mid-air portal made sense. When a portal opens and closes, it leaves a residual energy signature that can take days to dissipate. If you know what you’re looking for, they’re fairly easy to locate. 
Since Salt Lake City was founded, previous paladins and Oath Brothers had located and marked thirty-seven portals, but they hadn’t been actively looking for them. That changed when I took over. In the past year Tim, Aidan and I have located twenty-two more.
I’ve got custom-made anti-minion claymore mines courtesy of Thorgrin Specialty Products set up in front of every portal I know about and can get to. This portal wasn’t booby trapped because my Oath Brothers, Aidan, Tim, and I can’t normally get here, and it’s difficult to set up a mine three hundred feet in the air. I made a mental note to talk to the Thorgrins soonest about some sort of minion-seeking surface to air missile. 
The shimmer was the portal disrupting the time-space continuum interface. There was a flash as the portal opened and the flying saucer was suddenly just there. It looked exactly like how I’d imagined a starship dropping out of warp inside a planetary atmosphere would look. If I hadn’t known about inter-dimensional portals, I would have sworn it was a computer generated special effect. I’d seen this on our surveillance videos, but it was the first time I’d personally watched a minion enter our dimension. It was impressive and worth seeing.
None of the summoners seemed worried. A couple of them had tears of joy running down their faces. They no longer waved at the biting flies. No one paid any attention to me as I moved to the far left of the group. 
The flying saucer was a gray metallic disc about fifty feet across. It floated down to us without a sound or visible means of propulsion. All the while, the guy with the horn-rimmed glasses kept repeating. “This is exactly like what happened before! This is exactly like what happened before! Wait for the beam, people! Wait for the beam!”
He gasped and shut up when the saucer stopped eight feet off the ground. A wedge shaped opening appeared on the top of the saucer, and a metallic gangplank extruded from the opening down to the ground. A five-foot tall, slender gray alien with a head shaped like a hundred-watt bulb moved slowly into sight and stopped at the edge of the gangplank. It raised its left hand as if it was about to offer a blessing. 
I mouthed, “Azam-shay, Sanguinis” and instantly, I was fully geared up with my weapon in hand. I felt the alien cast a mind control spell, and I shrugged it off. I placed the lit targeting reticule on the alien’s center of mass and double-tapped it in the chest and put a third round between its eyes. My thirty-two round drum magazine was loaded with tungsten penetrator core copper-beryllium fin stabilized slugs, and the hydrostatic shock from the triple impact made the alien splash like a watermelon hit by a sledgehammer.
My slugs zipped through the saucer’s shell like it was pop can thin. I visualized them striking the wooden struts inside causing fragments and splinters to fly everywhere. If it worked like I’d hoped, I’d seriously ruin the crew’s day.
The bolt locked back when the last round went on its way. By the time, I dropped the empty mag and seated a new one the saucer was up and away heading straight for the portal. Dammit! I wanted that saucer.
I inserted another magazine and let the bolt go forward then covered the summoners. They stood frozen in shocked, open-mouthed disbelief. If I’d skinned and eaten their kid’s puppy, they couldn’t have been more horrified.
Mr. Hawaiian Shirt put out both hands in a ‘stop’ gesture and screamed “GORT! KLAATU BARADA NICTO! KLAATU BARADA NICTO! I sighed, shook my head, lowered my weapon, flipped up my visor, and cast the spell of forgetfulness over the group.
Learn more about Jack J. Lee: http://jackjlee.com/

End Notes:
