Glory - Book One
Michael McManamon

Published by Michael McManamon at Smashwords

Copyright 2013 Michael McManamon

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase and additional copy for each recipient. If you're reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
Table of Contents

Dedication
Prologue

Day 1
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7

Day 2
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4

Day 3
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5

Day 4
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9

Day 5
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5

Day 6
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8

Day 7
Chapter 1

Acknowledgements
About the Author
Dedication

To my sister. Boo.
Prologue
Jackson walked into the diner and sat down along the counter. It was around dinner time, but there weren't many people in the place. He took a look around at a few of the faces. They were all deep in thought or conversation. No one looked back at him.
"What'll I get ya?" the waitress asked.
Jackson almost laughed. The waitress looked like something he'd see on a television program. Hair pulled up into a curly bun on the top of her head. Yellow shirt with a white frilled collar. She even held out a pad and pencil.
"I guess I'll have a coffee," he said. "And some bacon and eggs."
"How'd ya want your eggs?"
"Over-easy."
The waitress walked away.
Jackson took a deep breath. It had been a long day. Not that his job was important or anything. He didn't have to make too many difficult decisions. But one of the other employees had called in sick and he had offered to cover the shift. Working over 12 hours in a video rental shop was hard; especially since people rarely came in anymore. There was no need to be open around-the-clock.
He put his head into his hands.
"Rough day?" someone asked.
Jackson turned his head and saw an old man sitting beside him. He must have just sit down.
"I've had better," Jackson admitted. He didn't really want to get into too much of a conversation with the newcomer. He hated these chance meetings. There was nothing that he could possibly talk about with him. Or with anyone else here for that matter.
"I hear ya," the old man said.
Jackson turned back and looked at the counter top. There wasn't any food there at the moment and his coffee had yet to arrive. He knew that it was obvious he was trying to avoid a conversation and felt a little bit bad about that.
He looked back at the old man. The old man had already turned away. He had taken the hint.
Jackson could be such an ass sometimes.
"Here's your coffee," the waitress said. She returned and placed the cup in front of him. Jackson watched the steam rise up. It swirled in a pretty pattern underneath his nose.
"Thank you," he said.
"Your food'll be along shortly."
"No rush."
It was true. There was no rush. Jackson didn't have anywhere to be. He had no reason to go home. There would be no one there to greet him. Of course, if he hadn't of gotten in a fight with his girlfriend yesterday…no, he didn't want to think about that right now.
Besides, the waitress had been right. The food hadn't taken long to arrive. She placed it down in front of him and slid the bill underneath the plate. Jackson had to stop himself from laughing again.
Just like on TV.
He grabbed his knife and fork and started cutting up his food. He pressed the blade into the eggs and watched the yolk spill out of the cut. It slowly spread over the eggs and bacon. For some reason, he found that he couldn't take his eyes off of it.
"Everything okay?" a voice asked.
Jackson looked up, breaking his concentration. It was the waitress. She was talking to him.
"What?" he asked.
"Is everything okay?" she repeated. "It's just that you've been staring at your food for a while now."
"I have?"
He looked around a little nervously. He hadn't known that he was looking at his food for a long time. He hoped that no one else had noticed him doing it.
Unfortunately, the old man was looking at him again. He had seen. There was a skewed smile on his face as though he was concerned about Jackson's lapse, not sure what to make of it.
"Are you all right?" the waitress asked once more.
He turned back to her. She was leaning on the countertop now, biting her lower lip. Her eyes had narrowed, but stayed focused on his own.
"Yes," he said. "It's just..just…"
Jackson couldn't form his words. His thoughts were starting to get jumbled as well.
"How about some water?" another voice asked. This time it was the old man.
"What?"
"Water. Would you like some water?"
"I...I...I don't know."
Jackson looked back at his plate. He couldn't look at the old man or the waitress anymore. Something about their expressions bothered him. He focused on the yellow yolk instead. It had stopped moving, was hard now.
"Get him some water," he heard a voice say. He knew it was the old man.
"Will do," came the reply. The waitress.
Jackson heard feet scurrying off.
He kept looking at the egg yolk. He poked at it with his fork. It wouldn't move. Something about that bothered him too.
He tried again. And again.
The waitress returned with a glass of water. She placed it in front of Jackson. He didn't see it. He was too busy looking at the yolk. The yellow yolk.
"Are you okay?" a voice asked. It sounded familiar, but this time Jackson couldn't place it.
"Maybe we should call an ambulance," another voice said. He couldn't tell who this one belonged to, either. "Mister, are you okay?"
Jackson couldn't really hear the voice anymore. It sounded far away, like he had fallen down into a deep well and someone was screaming to him from above.
"Mister…Mister…Missssss…terrrrrrr…"
The word bounced around in Jackson's head, not making any sense.
What did that word mean? Mister.
Then there was a hand on his arm. Jackson felt the fingers tighten around it. Squeezing him, trying to get his attention.
Jackson finally looked away from the yolk. His eyes fell upon a man sitting beside him. An old man.
"Are you all right?" he asked.
By now, the words meant nothing to Jackson. He could only hear sounds coming out of the old man's mouth. He didn't know what they meant. The concept of language had left him moments ago.
He didn't respond.
"Are you all right?" the man asked again. Slower this time.
Jackson continued to look at the old man, but still didn't say anything.
He looked down at the fingers touching him. He could make out the white hair on the knuckles. Grabbed him. Squeezed him. He didn't know why this old man was touching him, but he did know that he didn't like it. He felt anger well up inside of him.
He looked up again at the old man. The old man was smiling his skewed smile, trying to make light of the situation and find out what was wrong. To Jackson, his face caused his anger to turn to rage.
The old man. Smiling. Looking. Staring.
Jackson roared.
Then he took his knife, grasped it tightly and stabbed it into the old man's throat. The old man's eyes opened wide with surprise. He tried to grab at the knife as Jackson pulled it away. Blood spurted from the wound and covered the table.
Jackson struck again.
This time he stabbed the knife into the old man's face. The knife hit bone and ricochetted off. The old man's face was cut open severely, exposing part of his skull.
Finally, the old man began to scream. So did the waitress.
None of that mattered to Jackson. He continued to stab at the old man's face and neck. And, though the old man put up his hands to stop the attack, there wasn't much that he could do. The knife struck over and over until the old man fell out of his chair and slumped onto the floor. His body twitched in the last throes of life.
Jackson didn't pay him any more attention.
He turned away from the old man and looked directly at the waitress. She was standing behind the counter. She was in shock and had stopped screaming. She couldn't move, either.
Jackson howled again and approached her. The knife still in his hand. Dripping with blood. There was some of the old man's cheek attached to it too.
The waitress let out a tiny whimper. Still, she couldn't move.
Jackson climbed onto the counter with the knife held high above his head. He was growling now, saying something incoherent.
The waitress pulled her hands into her chest as though that would protect her.
Jackson roared again.
Then, before he attacked, there was a loud blast.
Jackson felt something slam into the back of his shoulder. He didn't know what it was, but it had nearly knocked him off of the countertop.
He turned around.
Standing before him was a man dressed in blue. He was holding something in his hand. A black thing. Jackson wasn't sure what it was. He screamed.
The police officer flinched. He didn't know what was happening. He had been eating at one of the tables when he had heard the commotion and hadn't reacted quickly enough. Now he was standing before a man with a bloody knife in his hand. A man he had shot.
"Drop the knife!" the police officer commanded.
Jackson screamed again and took a step toward the officer. This time, the police officer didn't wait. He shot Jackson in the chest.
Jackson stumbled back, but didn't fall off of the counter. He felt something go into him, something powerful. He was able to block out most of the pain.
At this, the waitress found her voice once more and screamed.
Jackson turned back toward her. He wanted to kill her - needed to.
He raised his knife again and prepared to attack. He took one step toward her, and another. He let out a deep bellow.
There was another blast.
The bullet slammed into Jackson's head and drove him off of the countertop. He swirled in mid-air, saw the woman screaming, the food underneath him, and fell to the floor with a thud.
He looked up at the ceiling. There was a bright light overhead. Something spinning underneath it.
Spinning…spinning…spinnnnn….innnnngggg.
Until everything went black.
The waitress stood there with pieces of Jackson's skull and blood all over her. She continued to scream hysterically.
The police officer walked over to the counter and looked over it. He could see the man he had shot lying there. He wasn't moving. He was dead.
"Thank you, thank you, thank you," the waitress said in a high-pitched whine. It was all that she could manage with all that had happened in the last three minutes.
The police officer looked at her. He didn't say anything. He couldn't. He only felt anger.
He raised his gun.
Then he shot her in the face.
Day 1

Chapter 1
Adam opened his eyes. He had heard a loud crash. He looked around the room. There was nothing out of the ordinary. He rubbed the top of his head a few times, yawned, and sat up. He placed his feet onto the hardwood floor.
Maybe it was just a dream, he figured.
He stretched, rubbed his head again.
Sunlight shone through the window. It looked like it was a beautiful day outside. A part of Adam was angry that he had allowed himself to fall asleep. He didn't like sleeping through the day; especially when it was so nice out. But it had been one of his days off of work and he really hadn't had anything else to do. Plus, he had spent most of the night awake, writing.
He thought of the book he was working on. He knew that it wasn't very good. He'd have to go through it a couple of times before he'd even think about giving it to a publisher. But, last night, he had simply gotten into the swing of things. He actually enjoyed writing the story. It had been a long time since that had happened.
Still, there was the beautiful day that he missed.
He stood up and started to go to the kitchen. He wanted to get himself a glass of water. Maybe even put on a coffee and get back to his story.
Then there was another crash.
Adam quickly turned toward the window. It wasn't a dream. There had been an accident outside. The noise was unmistakable. One car slamming into another. He rushed to the window and looked out onto the street.
From the fifth floor, he could see most of the road. There were two cars below him. They had run into each other. The front of each car was badly damaged. A little further down the road Adam noticed another accident.
 "Damn," he said. He could feel his heart pick up its pace.
Adam thought about calling the police. He also thought of rushing down into the street to help the people in the accidents. Only he didn't think that he'd be much help. He didn't know CPR or any of the things needed to deal with such a situation. He wasn't all that much of a fan of blood, either.
No, he'd just call the police.
He looked over at his phone. It was lying on the table beside the couch where he had been sleeping. He just needed to pick it up, dial, and that would be it.
Instead, he turned back toward the window. Something had caught his attention. A crowd. People were starting to gather around the accident.
Someone else'll call the police, he thought. Looking at everyone standing out there, he was sure of it.
Adam watched as a few more people walked up to the accident. Then his attention shifted back to the cars. The driver's side door of one of the cars had swung open.
Out came a man, stumbling. It was obvious that he had hurt himself. His leg looked badly injured. Though not enough to stop him from walking around to the other car.
Adam couldn't see the man's face, but he didn't think that he was going to check on the other driver. There was something agitated in his movements. Something angry. Adam figured that he'd be upset too if he were hit by another driver, but he didn't think that he'd ever do much about it. Just make sure the other driver was okay, exchange information, wait for tow trucks and the police.
Adam watched as the man continued over to the other car. As soon as he reached it, he lifted his fists into the air and started to scream. Adam definitely knew that he wouldn't have done that. It was going too far, acting too wild.
Then things got worse.
The man brought his fists down onto the front of the car. Over and over he slammed them against the hood. He continued to yell too. And, though Adam couldn't make out what he was saying, he knew enough that whatever it was wasn't good. The man continued to strike the car.
It wasn't long before the driver's side door of that car opened.
Nothing good was going to come of this.
Adam looked over at his cell phone once more. Maybe he should call the police, he thought. But there had to be someone out there thinking the same thing. There had to be.
He turned back to the window.
A woman had come out of the car. She started screaming at the man. Though not for long.
Almost as soon as she came out of the car, the man attacked her. He ran at her and punched her in the face. Adam saw her head jerk back. To his surprise, she didn't fall.
He punched her again. Once more, she stayed on her feet.
More than that, she raised her own fists and started hitting the man back. Back and forth, the two hit each other. Adam couldn't believe what he was seeing.
He turned to look at the crowd. He noticed that a couple of them had started to yell too. He didn't know at who or why. They simply howled, then started hitting one another. Like a wild mob, they had gotten out of control.
Punches, kicks.
Adam saw that a few people were trying to flee. Others caught them and wrestled them to the ground.
Pulling hair, biting.
What the hell is happening? he wondered.
He continued to look out at the street.
Further down, at the other accident, he saw another group of people fighting. The whole street seemed to have broken out into a brawl.
Now I need to call the police, he decided.
Before he had a chance to turn around and get his phone, the fight escalated. He saw one man clawing wildly at another man's face. He saw a group of people kicking someone on the ground. After the body stopped moving, they turned on each other.
Adam looked back to the car accident underneath his window. He saw the man sitting on top of the woman now. Her head was in his hands and he was repeatedly smashing it into the road. Even from this distance, Adam saw splashes of blood fly into the air.
Adam couldn't move. He was stunned. And frightened.
The fighting continued. Though now it wasn't simply fighting. It was killing. And Adam was watching it happen.
He finally turned around. He didn't know what was happening. He had never seen anything like that before. But he couldn't watch anymore.
He quickly went over to his phone, picked it up and dialed 911.
He waited. The line was busy.
Adam looked at the phone. How could 911 be busy? He had never heard of such a thing before.
He tried again.
Once more, he couldn't get through.
"What the hell?"
He threw the phone onto the couch and hurried back over to the window. It wasn't that he wanted to see what was happening out there, but he needed to try to figure out what was going on.
He looked outside. The fighting had continued.
Punches, kicks, blood.
Adam's eyes came upon the woman from the car again. She was lying out in the middle of the road. She wasn't moving. Adam presumed that she was dead; which wasn't much of a presumption. There wasn't much left of her face and part of her skull had been cracked wide open. There was a large jelly-like thing falling out from it. Adam knew that it had to be her brain.
He turned away from her and scanned the crowd. He wanted to see where the man who had done this had gone. He searched through the wild faces and erratic behaviour and saw him.
The man had moved on from the woman to a small man. Adam could see that the small man was trying to defend himself. He had his arms up over his head and was curled into a little ball. He wasn't fighting back like the woman had tried.
At the moment, Adam didn't find that odd. The woman probably had a lot of adrenaline running through her body after the crash. Of course, that didn't explain all of the others.
The man in the crash continued to beat at the small man on the ground. Only this time he wasn't using his fists. He was using his fingers like claws and he was gouging at the small man's face. He tore away at it, swipe after swipe.
Adam could see both men yelling. The man from the car screaming out of anger and the man on the ground out of pain.
It wasn't long before they stopped. The man from the car had done enough damage to silence the other. He stood up and ran into the crowd. Adam watched him go.
What the fuck is happening? Adam asked himself.
By now he was more than frightened. He was petrified. And confused.
He went back to his couch and sat down on it. He sunk heavily into the cushions.
He didn't know what else to do.
Chapter 2
Jane walked into her house. She was holding her baby in her arms. The little girl had fallen asleep on the car ride home. She turned to her husband. He was just coming through the door.
"I'm going to put her to bed," Jane said.
"Okay," Phil replied. "I think I'm gonna take a little nap too."
Phil went into their bedroom. Jane heard the door close behind him.
Once she got to her daughter's room, she placed the little girl in her crib. Becky was big, but not big enough to be sleeping in a bed. Maybe in a month or so. She couldn't believe how fast her daughter was growing.
Her silly little goose.
Becky stayed asleep. When her mother put her into the crib, she simply grabbed hold of her blanket and clutched it closely toward her.
Jane looked down at her daughter. She felt happiness at just seeing her. She thought about the joy that the little girl had brought to the family. She pictured her daughter getting older and maybe having children of her own.
She bent over and kissed her daughter on the side of the head. Becky murmured softly. Then she stood up and went into the kitchen. She wanted to get herself something to drink.
On her way, she turned on the television. There wasn't anything in particular that she wanted to watch. She just liked the noise in the background. She made sure to keep it turned down. After all, she didn't want to wake her husband and daughter.
Jane opened her fridge and pulled out a can of pop. She flicked open the top of the can. It hissed. She took a few sips straight from the can, then decided that it would be better if she got a glass. She went into the cupboard and took one out. She filled it with the black, bubbly liquid.
Jane walked back into the living room. She hadn't been paying attention to the television, but now she could see that something serious was happening on the news. She sat down on the sofa to watch.
"...don't know what's happening," the news reporter claimed. "There have been reports that it is happening all over the city and possibly the country. No one knows why."
There were images of car fires on the television. There was also a group of people fighting.
There must have been some sort of riot in the city, she thought. But the reporter had said all over the country too. Why would he have said that?
Jane took another sip from her glass. She continued to watch. There were more images of fighting. She was sure that several of the people had been hurt badly. Maybe even killed.
Then the camera turned back to the reporter. He was no longer talking. He was simply looking into the camera with a strange look in his eyes.
He started yelling.
Jane couldn't make out what he was saying, but she knew that it wasn't good. The camera man must have known it, too, because the camera spun around and began bouncing up and down as he ran away. Not long after, the camera was thrown to the ground. Jane saw a pair of feet (the reporter's?) run past. She heard some more shouting, more banging, before the screen turned black.
Jane was left staring at the television. There was nothing on the screen. She had no idea what had just happened. But, whatever it was, she knew that it wasn't good.
To make matters worse, she heard a noise come from her daughter's room. It sounded like an animal had gotten in there. She dropped her drink onto the floor and ran upstairs. She flew through the doorway, ready to attack whatever animal was there.
With one quick look around the room, Jane knew that there wasn't any animal. Instead, it was her daughter.
Becky was standing in the crib. Looking over the edge of it. Trying to climb it. She was mumbling something as she tried. She sounded upset. Almost angry.
Jane ran over to her daughter and picked her up.
"Are you okay?" she asked.
Without pause, Becky started hitting her mother. Her tiny fists banging against Jane's shoulders.
"Becky! What's wrong?"
Jane hugged her daughter closely and rocked her back and forth.
The daughter continued to hit. Then her mumbling turned into a scream. It sent a chill down Jane's back. Followed by pain. Her daughter had bitten her mother's shoulder.
The pain surprised Jane so much that she almost dropped the little girl onto the ground. Luckily, she managed to hold on.
"What are you doing?" she asked. Her voice stern, concerned.
The little girl didn't pay her any attention. She tried to bite her again. She continued to hit.
"Phil, get in here and help me! There's something wrong with Becky!"
Jane continued trying to hold her daughter, but it became too difficult. She had to put her back into the crib. Becky starting hitting the sides of it. She tried to climb out again.
"Phil! Get in here!"
There was no answer.
Jane went to the doorway to call for her husband. He was obviously in a deep sleep and needed to be shaken awake. She wasn't going to leave her daughter alone, though.
"Phil! GET...IN...HEEEERE!"
Finally, Jane heard her bedroom door open. But, as soon as she saw her husband, she didn't feel any better. Instead, she felt panicked, worried. He had the same look in his eyes that her daughter had.
Phil looked at his wife. Then he charged at her.
Jane reacted quickly. She saw him coming and was able to close the bedroom door before he arrived. She pressed the lock into place.
Phil banged on the door. His fists hit heavily against it. Jane could hear him screaming something unintelligible.
"Phil, what are you doing?" she screamed back.
He didn't answer. Just more yelling.
Jane thought back to the television and knew right away that it had to be something from that. The reporter. The fires. The screaming. The fighting. People were going crazy. And, just like that, she knew that her husband was going to try to kill her.
Jane looked back at her daughter. The little girl was still trying to get out of her crib. She was grabbing the sides of it, growling as she did.
Jane could feel her husband's fists banging against the door.
She didn't know what to do. She didn't want to leave her daughter alone, but she didn't think that she had much choice. The same thing had happened to the little girl. Becky had gone mad.
Jane looked to the bedroom window. She could go out there, she thought. Except she was on the second floor. The fall might hurt her. Besides she didn't know where she'd go after that.
Phil continued to hit the door. Jane knew that it was going to break any second. She had to act now.
She turned and ran into the closet. Her daughter's little clothes pressed against her back as she pushed herself into the small space. She closed the door. Not all of the way. She left a little gap so she could see what was happening. Her daughter continued to scream and try to get out of the crib.
The bedroom door burst open. Jane gasped as the wood cracked.
Phil ran into the room and took a quick look around. Jane did her best to keep quiet.
She watched as her husband continued to search around the room. He stopped as soon as he saw their child. He ran toward her. Her silly goose. She was screaming at him, trying to get to him now.
Phil roared and stepped toward his daughter. He hit her across the face.
Jane winced as she heard the sound of her husband's fist connect. She wanted to run out and stop it. She just wasn't sure that there would be anything that she could do.
The reporter. Something had changed. Something had happened.
Becky fell down into the crib. Though that didn't stop Phil from continuing his attack. He hit the little girl a few more times. Then he picked her up and threw her across the room. Becky hit the wall and landed at the floor. She continued to scream. Jane could see her daughter's arms and legs swing wildly in the air.
Jane continued to watch. She couldn't believe what she was seeing.
None of this could be real. It just couldn't.
Phil ran over to his daughter and fell onto his knees beside her. He started hitting her again. This time she tried to hit back, but there wasn't much that she could do much against a grown man.
Jane stared, frozen.
None of this made any sense.
Phil let out a huge roar as he picked Becky up in both hands and held her over his head.
Jane couldn't breathe.
Oh, no, she thought. No…
He let out another roar and brought the little girl crashing down onto the floor. Over and over again. He stopped only when there was a loud crack and Becky was silenced. She had stopped moving too.
Jane had to fight back her tears. She didn't want to make a sound, but her daughter lay on the ground, dead. It was too much to handle. She brought her hand up to her mouth and tried to stifle any sounds she might be making.
She watched as Phil looked down at his daughter. She saw him toss her aside. He stood up and looked around the room. He shook his head back and forth as though he was trying to remember something. He started walking around and came to a stop in front of the closet. He stared at it.
Jane wanted to close the door, but she knew that any movement would give away her position. She kept quiet and tried not to move.
Her heart was beating loudly. And, though it felt like he could hear it, she knew that he couldn't. She just needed to remain calm.
Phil came closer to the door. He lowered his head, listening for any sound from the other side. He lifted his hand and placed it along the wall. He looked at it strangely. His fingers scratched across the surface.
Then there was a crash.
Phil turned around. Someone had thrown a rock through the window.
He roared, ran toward the window and jumped out of the room.
As soon as Phil was gone, Jane rushed out of the closet. She hadn't meant to do it. Everything within her told her that it was a dangerous idea. But she couldn't stop herself. She needed to see her daughter.
She rushed over to the little girl. Becky was lying motionless on the floor. Jane picked her up. The child was dead.
She had known that, but she had kept hoping that she had been wrong. Holding her daughter in her hands now, she knew that she hadn't been.
"Becky," Jane whispered.
She lowered her head and snuggled it into the curve of her daughter's neck. She kissed the little girl. Then she rushed back into the closet. She felt safe there.
Jane closed the closet door and closed her eyes.
Within moments she was overcome with it all and fell asleep, her dead daughter in her arms.
Her silly little goose.
Chapter 3
Claire ran into the forest. Her brother was chasing her. He had almost caught up to her too. She made her way quickly through the trees. The branches and leaves scratched at her face.
She could hear him screaming behind her. He was getting closer.
Claire kept running. She was getting tired. She had been running for a long time now. Ever since…when?
When her father had charged into the living room and attacked her mother.

*

They were watching the television - Claire and her mother. There was something on about trouble in the city. People were attacking each other, killing each other. Even the news reporter seemed affected by it. He charged at the cameraman. The cameraman ran. The screen turned black.
Claire stared at the television for a moment before turning to her mother. Her mouth opened slightly to speak.
Then she heard a scream.
Claire looked in the direction it had come from. She could see that her father had come into the room, fists above his head, eyes searching. She didn't have any time to react.
As soon as he saw them, her father ran straight for her mother and grabbed her by the throat. He started shaking her. Scratched large cuts into her face. Threw her onto the floor.
Her mother.
Claire knew immediately what had happened. Whatever had happened to the reporter had happened to her father. She was positive about that.
Without thinking any more about it, Claire ran to her father and jumped on his back. She tried to pull him away from her mother. He easily swatted her off. She fell heavily to the floor.
Claire didn't give up. She got back onto her feet and picked up a lamp beside the sofa.
"Let her go!" she screamed. She knew that it wasn't going to make a difference. Her father wasn't going to listen to her.
This wasn't her father. Not anymore.
She ran at the man with the lamp raised over her head and brought it down on his. There was a loud crack as it connected with his skull and he was knocked down.
It hadn't been enough to stop him. He scrambled back onto his knees and went after her mother again.
Claire looked at her mother over the back of his shoulder. She could see that her mother was frightened, didn't have any idea what was going on. One minute she had been watching television with her daughter. The next she had been attacked by the man she had been married to for twenty plus years. Claire couldn't imagine what the woman was thinking. She didn't try to, either. She simply raised the lamp once more and slammed it back against her father's head. This time with more force.
There was another dull thud. Louder than the first one. Her father collapsed to the floor.
No, this wasn't her father.
Claire bent down to see if her mother was okay. She put her arm behind her and tried to lift her up. Her mother wouldn't move.
"Your father," was all she could say.
"That wasn't dad," Claire replied. "I don't know who it was, but it wasn't dad!"
"Your…your…father."
"No, mom, that wasn't dad. And we can't stay here talking about it. We have to leave. We have to find a place to hide."
"What…what…happened?"
"The thing we saw on TV. It must've happened here too. Maybe it happened everywhere."
"On TV?"
"From the news. The thing that had been happening in the city. People going crazy, killing each other. It must've happened here too."
"It did?"
"I think so."
"It was your father," Claire's mother argued again. She was obviously having trouble making sense of it all.
"I know. He was. Not anymore. Whatever it is must've affected him."
Claire's mother moved her eyes away from her daughter. She looked at her husband. He was lying lifeless on the floor.
"Did you kill him?" she asked.
Claire looked down at her father as well. "I don't know. But I didn't have a choice. He was going to kill you."
"He was your father."
Claire didn't want to get into an argument with her mother. Not now. Not over this. She knew that her father had changed, that he had been going to beat her mother - his wife - to death. Claire had stopped that from happening. That was all.
"We have to get out of here," Claire said. "We have to find somewhere safe to hide."
"But your father!"
"He isn't my father anymore!" Claire all but screamed. "He's changed. Don't you understand that?"
"No, no, no! He hasn't changed. He's your father. I'm sure he'll be all right."
Claire grabbed tightly onto her mother's shoulders. "He won't be all right. And we won't either unless we get out of here!"
"We can't leave," her mother continued to say. "We just can't."
"We have to! We have to find somewhere safe!"
Claire pulled at her mother to get her to stand. Her mother brushed her off.
"No, no, no."
Claire stood up. She continued to pull at her mother, at her arms, at her clothes. The woman wouldn't move. She continued to sit there, arguing with her.
"Everything will be okay. This must be some kind of a mistake."
"Whatever it is, we have to go!"
She pulled again. This time her mother hit Claire's hands away.
"No! This is your father. My husband. We can't just leave. We won't. We won't!"
Claire didn't know what to do. She wanted to slap her mother out of it. That's what they did in the movies. But she would never be able to hit her mother, even if the woman was being ridiculous.
She bent down again and looked her mother in the eyes. It had been difficult to do. Her mother kept looking around the room, focusing on the television (the screen that had turned black) and then her husband (still motionless beside her, maybe dead). Claire put her hands on her mother's cheeks and directed the woman's distressed face directly in front of her own.
"Listen to me, mother," she said with a growing urgency in her voice. "We have to go. Something has happened. Something..."
She had heard a noise come from behind her. Claire turned around and saw her brother, Peter, standing in the doorway. He looked angry. Claire knew immediately that he had also been affected.
"Get up now!"
She shook her mother. The woman had seen her son.
"It's your brother, Claire. He's come to help us. He's..."
Claire's brother let out a huge roar. Then he gritted his teeth and began swinging his arms wildly in every direction.
Claire tried pulling her mother up once more. She knew that her mother wasn't going to move.
"Please, mom," she tried again, pleading. "Come with me."
It was too late.
Claire's brother charged into the room and attacked the two women. Claire had been able to move away. Her mother didn't even try. Instead, she put out her arms as though to embrace her son. Claire saw a smile on her mother's face as her brother pounced.
"Come here, Peter," her mother said softly. "Everything's okay now. Come here."
Claire's brother ran quickly and fell into his mother's embrace. But it hadn't been to hold his mother or return the affection. It had been to attack.
Claire watched as her brother opened his mouth and bit deeply into their mother's neck. The mother didn't seem to mind. She kept smiling as her son ripped out her veins. Blood spattered against the mother and son. He continued to bite.
Claire ran out of the room. It had been too late to do anything for her mother this time. The woman was dead. Her brother had killed her.
She quickly made her way down the hallway and ran out of the house. Not knowing where she was going. Not caring.
Without thinking, she slammed the door behind her. It had been that sound which had gotten her brother's attention. She kept looking over her shoulder, back at the house.
Within seconds, the back door opened. Peter was standing there, covered in blood - their mother's blood.
Claire turned around and continued to run. Her brother quickly followed.

*

Now she was deep into the forest. She didn't know where she was headed, but she had to keep going. Her mind was racing. She needed to think about what to do next. She couldn't keep this up much longer.
She ran through the trees. Nearly tripped. Managed to keep her balance.
Her brother screamed. He was getting closer.
Where could she go?
Immediately, she thought of the gas station out by the highway. It wasn't too far away. If she could get there, she may be able to get inside and lock her brother out. It was the best plan.
It was the only plan.
Claire slightly changed her direction to head toward the gas station. She hoped that she might be able to lose her brother before she got there, even though she didn't think it was likely. She could hear him still behind her.
She ran.
The minutes passed slowly. She was starting to lose her breath. She could feel her heartbeat pounding heavily in her chest.
A tree branch scraped across her face. It just missed her eye, but cut her deeply nonetheless.
She kept running.
Another branch scratched her face. Then another.
She couldn't stop.
Her brother was closer now. She could hear his breathing. It sounded like panting. Like a vicious dog.
When she came into a clearing, she could see the gas station right in front of her. She only had a little further to go.
She ran. Her brother followed.
She looked over her shoulder and saw him run out of the forest. Then she turned back to the gas station.
As she came upon it, she could feel her hopes rising. She was almost there. Almost safe.
She ran faster, her feet on gravel now. She could hear it crunch underneath her weight. She needed to get to the front door.
She rounded the corner. But, as she did, her feet slipped on some gravel and she fell heavily onto the ground. The whole of her weight came crashing to the ground. She skidded to a stop.
It was then that her brother came back into view. He was only a short distance away.
She tried to push herself up, but was too weak. She had hurt herself too badly. She was too exhausted.
Her brother came closer. She could see the blood spattered across his face. She could see his teeth, hear him growling. She could see the anger in his eyes.
He screamed again and raised his fists into the air. She knew that he was going to pounce. And there wasn't much she could do about it. She wasn't going to get away.
She wasn't going to give up either. She'd fight him. No matter how hopeless it would be.
Claire got onto her back and propped herself up on her elbows. She tried to scurry a little way back, knowing that it wouldn't help much.
Her brother came upon her. Running. Hands raised. Screaming.
Then there was a sound. A loud crack.
Claire didn't know where it came from or what it was, but she saw her brother fall down and come to a stop a few feet in front of her. Half of his face was missing.
Claire tried to regain her breathing. She still didn't know what had happened.
She head footsteps and turned around to see where they were coming from - who they were coming from. Standing there was a big man with a shotgun slung over his shoulder.
"He almost got you," the man said.
Claire couldn't respond. She was still trying to register all that happened.
"You're lucky I was here to shoot him," the man continued.
Claire kept looking at him.
"My brother," was all she managed to say.
"What's that?"
"He was my brother."
"Well, don't that beat the fuck out of all hell," the man said. "Your brother! Anyway, he wasn't your brother when I shot 'em. He was one of those fucked up freaks. He was gonna kill you, you know?"
Claire nodded her head. "I know."
"But I saved you."
Claire started to calm down. She managed to get a better look at the man standing in front of her. He was big. Tattoos spread across his forearms. Sticking out the side of his mouth was a toothpick.
"Thank you," she said. She was still a bit shaken and tired. She stood up slowly and brushed her clothes off.
"Looks like you had a pretty rough time escapin'."
"I made my way through the forest," she explained.
"Your face is all fucked up."
Claire lifted her hands to her face and touched her skin. It was painful. She pulled her fingers away. They were covered in blood.
"It's too bad too," the man continued. "You're a pretty hot piece of ass."
"What?" she asked, unsure if she had heard correctly.
The man laughed. "Oh," he said. "No reason to be all modest. You're fuckin' hot and you know it. Must drive the college boys wild."
Claire couldn't respond. She wanted to leave and turned to do so.
"Where do you think you're goin'?" the man asked.
Claire turned back around. "I was going to try to get back home," she lied. She had no intention of going home. But she didn't want to stay here any longer, either.
The man shook his head. "No," he said. "That's not a good idea. Too dangerous."
"I'll be okay. Thank you for your help."
The man laughed again. "Thank you? Is that all? That thing there was gonna kill you and I stopped him. And all you're gonna give me is a 'thank you'?"
"I don't have any money."
The man laughed once more. "I don't want your money. Wouldn't do any good, anyway. I think this disease...or whatever it is...has happened all over the world. Already seen a bunch of 'em along the road. Fuckers crashed into my truck. Had to shoot 'em all. So, no, your money won't do any good anymore."
"Then what do you want?"
The man smiled. "You know what I want," he said.
Claire did. She could see it in his eyes. He lowered his gun and aimed it at her.
"Now," he said. "Don't try to run. You're comin' with me. You can thank me later. Properly."
Claire wanted to run, but she knew that this man would pull the trigger without a second thought.
"Now get over here."
Claire did. Slowly. She didn't know what other choice she had.
The man wrapped his arms around her. He brought his face right up next to her.
"Fine piece of ass," he said. "I'm gonna enjoy fuckin' you."
Claire closed her eyes and fainted.
Chapter 4
When Adam finally moved, he was feeling a bit better. Though not much. He still didn't know what had happened outside, but he was sure that there had to be an explanation.
He thought about going to the window again. Instead, he picked up his cell phone once more. It had been laying beside him. He dialed 911 and waited. He was hopeful that he'd get through to someone this time, even though somewhere in his mind he knew that he wouldn't. He didn't even get a busy signal. The phone was simply silent.
"Hello?" Adam said into the dead phone. "Is anyone there? Can anyone hear me?"
There was no reply. Adam tried again, but knew that it was pointless. He put the phone onto the table and stood up. He looked at the window.
Adam didn't necessarily want to look outside again. He was worried that he'd see more fighting, more killing, more blood. At the same time, he wanted to know if those things were still going on. He might even find the reason it had all happened.
He walked to the window. Slowly. But his room was small and didn't take him long to get there. Not as long as he had wanted. Not as long as he needed to prepare himself. He steadied himself and looked out.
Below him, the street was covered in bodies. All dead. Several limbs were torn from their owners. An arm here, a foot there. Underneath it all was blood, large pools of it. More than he could have ever thought possible.
Adam felt as though he was going to be sick, but he held it down and kept looking around.
Aside from the bodies, the street was a mess. Car windows were smashed. Building windows too. His favourite restaurant over on the corner looked destroyed; as did most of the shops. There were fires in a few of them.
"What happened?" he asked himself aloud.
He didn't know why he had spoken out to himself. He figured it had something to do with the silence. Aside from a few wailing car alarms in the distance, there wasn't much noise. It was silent. Eerily so.
Then there was a noise.
Adam heard something moving in the hallway. It sounded like footsteps.
He froze. Nervous. Scared. As much as he wanted to talk to someone, he didn't really want to open the door. He didn't want to leave his room. He didn't know who was out there.
He heard the footsteps again. They thumped along the hallway floor.
Adam held his breath, knowing that it wasn't going to make much of a difference. There was no way that anyone outside could hear him breathing. He did it anyway.
The footsteps continued for a bit longer, then stopped.
Adam wasn't sure where they had stopped, though. He couldn't be sure if they were close or far away. Something inside him wanted to know.
He decided to go to the door. He'd look through the peephole. That was all.
Maybe it was just one of his neighbours, he thought. They might be as confused as himself.
He walked to the door.
Before he put his eye to the little hole, he took another deep breath. He wanted to listen once more to see if he could hear anything outside.
He waited. There was nothing.
Adam finally decided to look through the peephole. He placed his hands against the door and brought his eye up to the device. He looked out into the hallway.
There were no lights on, aside from a few red emergency ones, so it was difficult to see much of anything. Adam was surprised that the lights had gone out. Though, at the moment, that was the least of his concerns.
He continued to look. He moved his eye left and right and tried to make out most of the hallway. Still there was nothing.
Then someone passed his view. A man.
Adam was startled and stepped back from the door. A small sound escaped his throat as he did so. He paused, worried.
Surely he hadn't been that loud, he thought. He couldn't be sure.
He waited and listened. Time passed slowly. Anxiously.
Then there was banging on his door. The sound startled him again. He jumped back.
He looked at the door and wondered who was on the other side. He hadn't had a good look. Whoever it was was definitely trying to get in. He wasn't knocking, he was banging. And he was getting louder and more violent. There was yelling too.
Adam thought that maybe the man outside would stop, but after a few more hits he knew that he wasn't going to.
He turned around and ran into his living room. He searched around looking for something to protect himself with in case the man got inside. He saw his phone, the television, a large lamp, a book. Nothing that would help him.
Then he thought about the kitchen.
He ran toward it and headed straight to one of the drawers, the one where he kept his cutlery. As he opened it, he looked down and saw the rows of shining metal. He grabbed at the biggest knife he had - a cutting knife, a butcher knife. He held it tightly in his hand.
He ran back to the living room and stared at the door.
He could still hear the banging and screaming. It wasn't anything that Adam could understand. He simply knew that it was threatening, angry.
Adam took a step closer to the door. He held the knife out in front of him, unsure of how to use it. He had never killed a man before. He had never really even gotten into a fight. Now, here he was, waiting to stab a knife into someone. It all seemed so unreal.
He wasn't even sure if he'd even be able to do it. Sticking a blade into someone else's flesh. Feeling the blood on his hand. Seeing the look of pain in the person's eyes. He also wasn't sure that he had much of a choice.
The banging and screaming was getting worse. It was frantic. Desperately so.
Then, just like that, it stopped.
Adam heard footsteps running down the hallway. For whatever reason, the man had gone away.
Adam didn't know what to make of anything that had happened. He leaned against the wall and sat down heavily onto the floor. He kept the knife in his hands, clutching it to his chest.
He took a few deep breaths.
He was okay. Safe.
For now.
He looked away from the door and faced the window in his living room. He could see that the sun was beginning to set. The sky had turned to a beautiful shade of red.
Chapter 5
When Claire awoke, she was handcuffed to a metal desk. She pulled at it and found that it was bolted to the ground and wasn't about to move.
She turned away from it and looked around. She didn't know where she was. She couldn't remember. There were tools. A car. Windows.
She was in a garage.
It all came back to her.
She thought about her father, how he had come in and attacked her mother. She had had to hit him over the head with a lamp. She still wasn't sure if she had killed him - not that she was all that worried about it right now. It hadn't been her father.
Her brother had come in and finished what her dad had started. He had killed her mom - their mom. Claire hadn't been able to stop it. Not that time.
Then she had run. Her brother had followed.
She had made her way to the gas station. And, once she got there, she had fallen.
Claire looked down at the palms of her hands. They were scraped badly, bleeding. Even her jeans had been ripped. Again, she wasn't all that worried about it at the moment.
What she was worried about was the man, the one who had shot her brother. She remembered him smiling at her, saying he was going to enjoy fucking her. That toothpick in his mouth. His tattoos.
She turned to face the door leading out of the garage. She was sure that he was out there. Waiting.
Her heart began to race. So did her anger.
She couldn't believe that this man had taken her prisoner. With all that was happening, it was just one more thing that didn't seem right.
She pulled at the handcuffs. They made a loud clanging sound, but didn't open.
She dug her fingers into the cuff and tried to pull. No luck.
She heard a laugh.
"What are you doin' darlin'?" a voice asked her.
Claire looked and saw the man standing in the doorway. The man who had shot her brother. The one who wanted to fuck her.
"Let me go!" she said. Her voice was more forceful than she had wanted. She knew that she shouldn't be taunting him. She should try to be kind, appeal to his better side. If he had one.
He looked surprised at her outburst, then laughed again. He walked closer toward her. She could see that he still had the shotgun strapped over his shoulder.
"You haven't thanked me, yet," he said.
Claire stared at him, her anger continuing to rise. But, this time, she also felt fear. Here she was, trapped. Handcuffed to a metal desk. There wasn't much that she would be able to do to him.
"Let me go," she said again. She softened her voice.
He laughed once more. "I already told you, you've gotta thank me."
She stared into his eyes. She could see that he wasn't going to bend. He wasn't going to let her go.
She pulled at the handcuffs again. Not enough to make a sound. Just enough to know that she wasn't getting out of them.
She sighed, overcome with defeat. She didn't know what else she could do. She felt helpless. She lowered her head.
"Please, let me go," she pleaded.
"No, no, no. I can't. It isn't safe out there. I've gotta protect you. You should be happy about that."
"I am happy that you protected me. But, please, let me go now."
"You didn't thank me."
"I did thank you."
"No, you didn't. Not the way I wanted. Know what I mean?"
Claire looked up at him. He was standing close to her, smiling with that toothpick sticking out of his mouth.
She did know what he meant. She hadn't fucked him yet. That's what he wanted.
"Please, let me go," she said once more.
He shook his head. "Not until you thank me properly."
He turned around and left the room.
Chapter 6
Jane couldn't see anything anymore. It was too dark. She could feel her daughter in her arms, but she couldn't see the little girl's face. She ran her finger along Becky's cheek. Then she decided to leave the closet.
She didn't really want to, but she knew that it would do no good staying in there. She couldn't keep hiding. Plus, she wanted to know what happened to everyone, to her husband.
She pulled back the closet door and slid it open.
She stuck her head out and looked around.
Jane expected someone to attack her. Or maybe she hoped that they would. That thought lingered for a moment before she pushed it away. She didn't want to allow herself to think like that.
No one was there.
She took the little girl in her arms and stepped out of the closet. Her legs were sore from being cramped up for such a long time.
In the room, she could see a little bit better. There was light coming in from the outside. Not the normal light from the street lamp, though. It was moonlight.
Jane saw her daughter's crib. She walked over and placed the little girl back into it. It was difficult for her to let her go.
"I'm sorry," Jane said.
She looked down at her daughter and was overcome with feelings of regret. Maybe she should have tried to save her daughter. Maybe she should have fought off her husband.
No, they had both changed. There was nothing that she could have done.
Jane reached over and pulled her daughter's blanket over her lifeless body, just like she would have if the little girl had been asleep.
Except she wasn't asleep. She was dead.
Jane felt herself starting to choke up. Tears built in her eyes.
Her silly little goose.
She bent over and kissed her dead child.
She hadn't saved her. She couldn't have saved her.
"I'm so sorry," she said again.
Jane stood up and looked at the window - the one her husband had jumped out of after he had changed; after he had killed their daughter. He had been about to kill Jane too.
She wondered where he was. If he was still out there.
She walked over to the window. Her feet stepped on the broken glass and cracked underneath her. She had forgotten about the rock that had come through the window. It had distracted her husband and had saved her life.
She went closer to the window.
Before she looked out, she listened. She hadn't heard anything for a while, but she needed to be sure. She didn't want to look out the window and find one of those…what?…crazy people?…changed? She didn't know what to think of them. She knew enough that she didn't want to see one of them out there. She didn't think that she'd be able to handle another attack. If one of them saw her, that's what would happen.
She listened for a little bit longer and couldn't hear anything. At least, not anything that sounded like a person. She could hear a crackling sound, but that sounded more like a fire.
She decided to look.
As she peered out the window, she made sure not to cut her hand on the broken glass. She placed her palms on the bottom of the frame and leaned forward.
She had been right about the fire. A car was burning brightly a little way down the road. She didn't spend much time looking at it. Instead she focused on all of the damage that had been done to the street, all of the dead bodies. Her neighbours.
Jane could see people lying out on the road. From her daughter's window, she couldn't tell who they were. She could see that there were men, women, and even children. There were also big pools of liquid underneath them. She knew that it had to be blood.
She continued to look.
Houses had been destroyed. Windows smashed in. Gardens torn up.
There were a few more car crashes further down the road.
What could have caused this? she wondered.
Jane took a deep breath, but didn't turn away from the window no matter how much she wanted to. She had come to the window for a reason: to look for her husband. She needed to find him.
Jane took another deep breath, then looked down underneath her window. She was on the second story of her house and expected to see her husband lying on the ground. With the way he had charged out of the window, she didn't think that he would have survived the fall.
To her surprise, there was no one there. That part of the lawn was clear.
Phil was nowhere to be seen.
Chapter 7
Adam stayed with his back against the wall far into the evening. The knife was still in his hands, clutched to his chest. His eyes had gone back to the door. He kept wondering if the man…creature?…was out there.
But he had heard the man run off.
No, he decided, that thing isn't out there anymore.
Adam got up off of the floor. It didn't make any sense for him to stay there doing nothing. He needed to at least see what was happening outside. To see if help had come. To see if people were still killing each other.
He stood up.
His legs were weak and almost crumbled underneath his weight. He swayed back and forth a few times until he caught his balance. He placed his hand against the wall to help.
Adam felt slightly drunk. Though it wasn't because of alcohol. It was from shock. And fear.
Once he steadied himself, he walked toward the window.
None of the lights were on in his apartment. He didn't think that they were working out on the street, either. There was a dull glow coming from somewhere, but it wasn't the usual bright light of the street lamps. It helped him make his way toward the window. Adam kept his hands out in front of him, just in case.
He walked slowly.
As he passed the lamp in his living room, he reached out to try it. His fingers fumbled along the base of the lamp until he found the switch. When he clicked it on, nothing happened.
He tried again.
Nothing.
The power was out.
He sighed, though wasn't all that surprised.
He let go of the lamp and made his way to the window to look outside.
Strangely enough, the first thing he noticed were the stars and the moon. They were so bright and covered the whole of the sky.
Guess that's what happens when all of the power in the city goes out, he thought. He chuckled at his joke, his laughter coming out more nervous than anything else. But, as he finally looked at the street underneath, even those tiny chuckles came to a stop.
The bodies were still out there. Large dark pools of blood underneath them.
There was no sign of any help. No flashing lights from fire engines or police cars. He couldn't hear any sirens, either. He figured that that meant there was no rescue going on, that he was on his own.
There was also no clean up.
He had seen enough movies and watched enough television to know that disease would soon follow all of these dead people. He could only imagine what the smell would be like in a couple of days. It would be horrible. Unbearable. And that was only out on the street.
There were people in all of the apartments as well. Bodies lying torn, decomposing.
He started to think of his apartment building as nothing other than an enormous tomb. He quickly pushed that image aside.
He'd have to leave. He knew that much. There was no other choice. But not tonight.
He turned away from the window and, with his knife, walked to the kitchen. There wasn't much that he could do about anything tonight. He wasn't about to leave his apartment in the dark. He'd leave in the morning, in the light. It might not be any safer then, but it would make him feel a lot more comfortable about it. Now, the least he could do was get himself a drink. He hadn't had anything since this whole thing started. That was…he didn't know how long it had been. It felt like it had been a while.
Adam made his way to the kitchen and opened the refrigerator door. He couldn't see anything inside.
The light was off. No power.
He reached his hand in and felt around for a bottle of juice. He grabbed a few things to eat, too, and placed them all on the kitchen counter.
He grabbed the bottle again and opened it. He drank the whole of it in a few gulps. He gasped for air once he had finished. It had felt and tasted good. He hadn't known how thirsty he had really been.
He grabbed at the food and took a bite, though this just wasn't the same. He couldn't get any of it down. He wasn't hungry. He placed the food back onto the counter.
Adam turned back to face the living room. There was something eerie about the dark, the silence. Although he knew that he was somewhat safe in here, he couldn't help but feeling worried - as though something was going to reach out and grab him.
He wished he had a light.
At that, he remembered the flashlight he kept in the hallway. The one he kept for emergencies. Which this was. He went to get it, wondering why he hadn't thought about it before.
He came upon the small table that it was kept in. Quickly, he pulled at the drawer.
As he did so, he rattled the set of keys that had been on top of it and they fell to the floor.
Adam stopped in place. The sound had been loud. If anyone had been on the other side of the door they would have heard it. He didn't want to have to go through that again.
He waited.
Nothing.
Adam felt around in the drawer until he found the flashlight. He pulled it out and turned it on. The light flashed into his eyes and blinded him for a moment. He squeezed his eyes shut and turned it off.
He knew that it worked.
Adam shut the drawer and opened his eyes. He looked back at the door and his curiosity started to get the better of him. He had the flashlight, he could look outside and see if that thing was still out there.
He took a step toward the door and placed his hand on the knob.
Maybe this isn't a good idea, he thought. But he didn't pull his hand away.
He turned on the light and tried to calm himself. One deep breath. Then another.
He grabbed a stronger hold on the door knob.
Just a quick look.
In the end, he simply placed his ear against it. He couldn't even bring himself to glance through the peephole. He held his breath and listened for any sounds coming from the other side.
A few seconds passed.
Again, there was nothing.

*

Adam walked into his bedroom and sat onto his bed. It bounced underneath his weight.
He placed the flashlight and knife on his night-stand in case he needed to use them. He hoped that he wouldn't need to. He didn't want to see anything more tonight. He didn't want to have to worry about defending himself. But the truth was that he needed to be prepared.
He laid down.
Thoughts drifted through his head. He couldn't make sense of anything that had happened. So much had taken place in such a short time. People had changed, had killed one another. All of the power had gone out. None of the phones worked. Nobody had come to help. It all felt so surreal.
He closed his eyes, worried that he wasn't going to be able to get any sleep.
But, before he knew it, Adam drifted off and his day had come to an end.
Day 2

Chapter 1
When Jane turned away from the window, the sun had already started to come up. She hadn't seen her husband. And she hadn't been able to make any sense of what had happened.
She felt nervous. Scared. Alone.
Jane looked over at her daughter. The little girl was still lying in her crib. Dead.
None of it made any sense.
One thing Jane did know was that she had to bury her daughter. She didn't want to wait much longer to do it, either. Becky's face was already badly bruised and swollen. Jane didn't want to see what would happen if she left the little girl out for much longer.
She would decompose, bloat, stiffen…
Jane shook her head and rushed to the crib. She leaned over and picked up her daughter. Becky was much heavier than she had expected, than she had ever known the girl to be.
She didn't spend much time thinking about it. This was her daughter, someone she had loved with all of her being. It didn't matter how heavy she felt. All that mattered was that she was dead - had been killed - by Jane's husband.
Jane pushed those thoughts out of her head too.
She held the little girl in her arms and pressed her tightly against herself.
"I'm so sorry," she muttered.
 She walked downstairs and headed straight to the back door.
As she came upon it, Jane stopped herself from going outside right away. She wasn't sure if any of those people were still around; if they were waiting to attack her.
Then again, she didn't know if there were any more of them still alive. She hadn't heard any of them this morning. There was no more screaming, fighting, killing. For all Jane knew, she was the only one left.
That thought startled her. But it was another one that she forced herself not to think of. At least, not yet. She could worry about this after she buried her daughter.
She opened the back door and stepped out onto the deck. 
The sunlight shone brightly into her eyes. She had to squeeze them shut before she could adjust to it. When she did, she could see that it was a beautiful morning. It wasn't one that she was going to enjoy, though. Not with her dead daughter in her arms and her husband missing, probably killed.
She walked into the backyard and headed over to the work shed to get a shovel.
  Jane had decided to bury her daughter underneath their maple tree. She used to sit out there and read to her little girl. Her husband would come and sing or play peek-a-boo. It felt like the right place for her to be put.
She paused at the work shed door.
No, there won't be anyone in there, she told herself. Who was going to hang-out in a work shed?
Jane opened the door. It creaked as she did and caused her to stop. There wasn't much noise around and it sounded strange in the silence.
"I'm being ridiculous," she said. Even her voice sounded weird to her at the moment.
She pulled the door open the rest of the way, not wanting to worry any more about these things. It creaked again, but no one came out to attack her.
She made her way into the work shed and grabbed the shovel. Then she headed over to the maple tree.
When she got there, she placed Becky on the grass. She didn't want to let go of her daughter, but she had no choice. She needed to dig. And, for that, she needed two hands.
She grabbed hold of the shovel and started.
Jane didn't look at her daughter as she dug the burial plot. She couldn't. It took everything she had to simply dig the hole. She couldn't think about her husband, either. She just couldn't. She focused on digging the shovel into the ground. She watched as she piled the dirt onto the grass. That was all that she could manage. She stopped only when she thought that she had dug a big enough hole.
Jane turned and looked at the little girl lying there. Her daughter hadn't moved.
Of course, she hadn't moved.
Some part of Jane had wished that she would have, that this had all been some sort of dream. A nightmare. She wished the the little girl would be smiling up at her, making her cute little baby sounds. Becky would reach up and try to grab her mother's finger. She'd giggle when she caught it. But that wasn't going to happen. Her daughter hadn't moved. She was there. Dead.
Jane placed the shovel onto the ground and knelt beside her daughter. She pushed the little girl's hair back from her face. She could see the blood that had dried on her cheeks, the bruises underneath her eyes. And, though she wasn't sure, she thought that the little girl's nose had been broken.
Jane ran her finger along Becky's face.
"I'm so sorry," she said again. "I should have protected you. I should have tried."
Jane's voice drifted off. She hadn't stopped her husband from killing their child. She hadn't protected her. That was the truth.
But what could she have done? Her daughter had changed too. Becky had attacked her. If she had been bigger, Jane knew that her daughter would have tried to kill her as well. But…
Jane felt tears come to her eyes. They ran down her cheeks and fell onto the little girl's face. The dried blood darkened underneath them.
"I'm sorry."
Jane lifted her little girl and placed her into the grave. She tried to pat down Becky's shirt to make her look more presentable, more comfortable. She also fixed the little girl's hair.
Then she bent over and kissed her daughter's forehead. She stayed that way for a long time, her lips pressed against and young girl.
"I love you," she whispered.
Jane stood up. Her daughter looked so small in the hole that she had dug. So defenceless. So innocent.
What had happened?
Jane spent a few more minutes staring down at the little girl before she grabbed the shovel once more. Her heart was racing. Her breaths came erratically. She pushed the shovel into the pile of dirt and heard a soft swishing sound as it gathered up some of the Earth. Then she pulled it back and held it over the hole. Some of the dirt fell onto her daughter, sounding like rain.
"I'm sorry…I'm sorry…I'm sorry…"
Jane let the first shovelful drop onto her child. Most of it covered the little girl's face. Though she could still see Becky's eyes, staring up at the sky.
She placed more dirt into the hole. And some more.
Then she heard something behind her.
Jane quickly turned to see what it was - who it was. Standing there was her neighbour's son, Harold. He was a teenager, maybe fourteen years old. He stood there looking at Jane as though he was trying to figure out what was happening.
Jane didn't know what to make of him, either. Until now, she had thought that she might be the only person alive.
"Harold?" Jane finally managed to say. "Is that you?"
Harold didn't reply. At least, not in the way she had expected. Not the way that she had hoped. He screamed. Then he charged toward her, fists held out in front of him.
As he approached, Jane's mind continued to race until it came upon a very simple solution. She raised the shovel and waited for the teenager to get closer.
She couldn't panic. She knew that she wouldn't survive if she didn't concentrate.
She watched as he ran toward her, his feet pounding against the lawn.
When he got close enough, Jane closed her eyes and swung the shovel at him with all of her power. She didn't see it connect, but she heard the dull whack as it connected with his skull.
She opened her eyes and saw that she had knocked him to the ground. He hadn't given up. He was growling and trying to get to his knees.
Jane lifted the shovel and smashed it back down against his head. There was another dull thud. And another. She kept hitting him until he was no longer trying to get up. Until he stopped moving. Until he was dead.
When she finally stopped, Jane looked at the young man. His face was unrecognizable. Nothing more than battered flesh and blood.
And she had done that.
She took a few deep breaths. More out of exhaustion than anything else.
Then, without a word, she turned back to the grave and finished burying her daughter.
Chapter 2
Claire woke up the next morning. The man hadn't touched her. He hadn't let her go, either. She was still stuck in the garage, attached to the desk.
She wanted to pull at the handcuffs again, except she knew that it wasn't going to work. If anything, it would just make a lot of noise. Then the man would come back in. She didn't want to see him. Ever.
She knew that she wasn't going to be that lucky, though. The man wanted her to thank him. To fuck him was more like it. Claire felt sick at the thought of it.
Maybe there was something she could use to fight him off.
The idea flew into her head and gave her somewhat of a rush. She didn't feel as defenceless. She might be able to find something to help her.
She looked along all of the shelves. There were tools everywhere. Any of them would have helped her. Unfortunately, they were all too far away. She couldn't reach them.
She looked on the desk. There were a few things there. Nothing that would do much damage. Some paper. Some bolts.
Then she saw a pen lying underneath the desk. It was within her grasp.
That might work!
She quickly reached over to grab the pen. Her handcuffs rattled as she did. She didn't pay it any attention. She needed the pen.
She felt the tiny plastic tube in her hand. It felt strong to her. Like her salvation. She'd just have to wait for the man to come back. When he got close enough she'd jab it into his neck. She didn't know if it'd work, but she had to try.
Claire sat there holding the pen when the man returned. In his hand was a bottle of water. He held it out in front of him.
"Want some?" he asked.
Claire nodded her head. He hadn't given her anything since he had captured her. But the real reason was that she wanted him to come closer. She needed to be able to reach out to attack him.
"What do you say?" the man asked. His voice took on the sound of a parent trying to teach his child manners.
"Please."
"What was that?"
"Please," Claire repeated, a little louder this time.
"I can't hear you. Speak up."
"Please!" Claire shouted. She couldn't contain herself. Everything was getting to her. Her situation. The anticipation of getting out of here.
The man burst into laughter. "I'll give you more than water in a little bit, you slut."
He threw the water at Claire. She could have easily caught it, but the pen was in her hand and she didn't want to risk losing it. She also couldn't let him see that she had it. The bottle bounced off of her shoulder and rolled onto the ground.
"Are you fuckin' joking me?" the man almost screamed. "Anyone could have caught that!"
Claire looked up at him. "I wasn't ready," she said. She made herself sound more useless than she felt. "I'm sorry. Could you please hand it to me?"
"Hand it to you?" The man took a step toward her. "Fuckin' hand it to you? You're lucky I even offered it to you!"
Claire nodded her head. She just needed him to get a little closer.
He walked over to the bottle and picked it up. Then he held out for her. Both knew that it would be too far for her to reach. Claire didn't even try.
"Now, what will you give me for this water?" he asked.
"Please. I'm thirsty. Let me at least have a sip."
"I will. But what will you give me for it?"
Claire looked down. She wasn't going to answer. She knew what he wanted. And she wasn't going to give it to him. Not if she could help it.
The man came a bit closer.
"How about a kiss?" he asked.
Claire continued to look down. She squeezed the pen tightly, preparing herself.
"Just a little one," he added.
The man came closer still. Claire kept her head down. She needed him to keep coming. Just a little bit more.
"Just one little..."
Claire stabbed the pen at him, but the man was too quick. He lifted his arm and blocked Claire's attack. She felt her wrist slam against his. He grabbed her arm and pulled the pen free. Once it was out of her grasp, he hit her across the face.
"What the fuck is this?" he asked. He looked at the pen, carefully. "You were going to try to kill me with a pen? Are you fuckin' joking me?"
Claire looked up and spat at him. Her plan had failed. But that didn't mean that she was going to give up.
He hit her again.
"You fuckin' slut!" he shouted.
"Fuck you!" Claire shouted back.
"Fuck me? Fuck me?"
He hit her again. And again. Each blow sent waves of pain through out the whole of her body.
"You dare talk to me like that?" the man said after he had stopped hitting her. "Do you even know who I am?"
Claire didn't answer. She wasn't even sure that she could. Her lip had already swollen and was covered in thick blood and spit. She moved her tongue over top of her teeth and felt a sense of relief that they were all still there.
The man reached down and grabbed her chin in between his fingers. He forced her to look at him in the eyes. She was close enough to him now that she could smell the alcohol on his breath.
"I'm Big Mike!" he said. "You don't fuck with Big Mike!"
At this, Claire started to laugh. It wasn't loud. But it was enough to bother the big man.
"What the fuck are you laughing at?" he asked.
"Your name," Claire said. She wanted her voice to sound louder, stronger, but it was too difficult with her face grasped between his fingers.
"What about my name?"
Claire chuckled again. "You're a cliché!" She spat at him.
"A cliché? What the fuck is that?"
Claire started to laugh louder, red spit spraying from her mouth.
"Tell me," Big Mike said. He continued to squeeze her chin. "Tell me! What's a cliché?"
Claire finally managed to pull her face away from his cruel fingers.
"You!" she screamed. "You're a cliché! Just one big fuckin' cliché!"
Big Mike couldn't take it anymore. He slapped her across the face. She fell backward and hit her head against the desk. He punched her a few more times. She tried to pull her arms up over her head but she couldn't really defend herself. Her one arm was still handcuffed down.
Big Mike stood up.
"A cliché?" he said. "I'll show you a fuckin' cliché!"
He reached down and pulled Claire up. She couldn't do much to fight against him. Her head was spinning and she had very little energy.
He spun her around. Her wrist tugged at the handcuffs. She felt a searing pain run through her arm. Then Big Mike put his hand on the back of her head and pushed her down onto the desk. The side of her face smashed heavily against it.
"You wanna see a fuckin' cliché?" Big Mike screamed. "You'll fuckin' see it!"
He pulled at her hair and then smashed her face down once more. She felt the side of her cheek explode with pain. She knew it had busted open. She could see her blood starting to smear the top of the desk.
"A cliché, a cliché!" Big Mike continued. "A fuckin' cliché!"
She felt him reach around her front. He was grabbing for something. She didn't know what.Then she realised that he was unbuttoning her jeans.
He quickly pulled them down and whistled loudly. "My, what a fine piece of ass! You're gonna get all the cliché you can handle right now!"
Claire still couldn't move. She didn't have the energy. And though she wanted to fight back, she couldn't.
She felt him slip his fingers greedily underneath her panties. He pulled them down too.
He slapped her ass and whistled again.
He unbuckled his belt next. It clinked loudly. Then he pulled his pants down and pushed up against her. She could feel his weight pressing down on her from behind. She could feel his erect penis pressing against the back of her legs.
He put his head down closer to her.
"Are you ready to thank me now?" he asked.
Claire couldn't speak. She could barely breathe with him on top of her. She wanted to push him off. But all she was able to do was close her eyes.
She felt his lips press against her ear and give her a soft kiss. Then he pulled back and grabbed his penis. He shoved it into her. She moaned in pain. Big Mike mistook it for pleasure.
"I knew you'd like it," he said, thrusting deep into her again.
Claire bit down on her bottom lip as he continued to rape her.

*

Claire woke up a few hours later. She was lying on the ground. Her hand still cuffed to the metal desk.
She looked around. No one.
She touched her face. It burst with pain.
She licked her lips. They tasted of blood.
It was difficult for Claire to move, but she managed to sit up. She looked down. Her bottom half was naked, except for her socks. Big Mike had kept those on.
Claire didn't know where Big Mike was. She really didn't want to. She was tired and thirsty. She hurt badly.
In front of her she noticed the bottle of water. She reached over and picked it up. Her whole body screamed out as she did so. Especially her arm. But she needed to drink something.
Carefully, she tried to open the top. It was hard for her fingers to manage. They were weak and continued to shake. Eventually, she managed. She put the bottle to her mouth and took a few sips. The water was warm, but tasted good, nonetheless.
She rinsed out her mouth and spit onto the floor. Blood-filled water splattered everywhere. She tensed at the noise. She hadn't meant to make a sound. She didn't want Big Mike to come in and see that she was awake.
She waited for his footsteps. They never came. There was no sound anywhere.
Claire took the time to look around the garage again. There had to be something to help her escape. She was surrounded by tools.
There had to be something within her reach!
There wasn't. They were all too far away. Even the pen had been thrown to the other side of the room. She didn't think that would've been much help, anyway.
She kept looking around. Her jeans were in a pile on the floor. As with everything else, they were too far away to reach.
She put her back against the metal desk. And, though she tried her best, she couldn't stop herself from crying.
Chapter 3
When Adam opened his eyes, it was light outside. The sun was shining through his window. He stretched, shook his head and looked around his room.
"Was it all just a dream?" he asked himself aloud.
He wasn't sure if the events from last night had actually happened. They seemed too bizarre to be real. He must have invented them.
He took a few deep breaths and got out of bed.
Once up, he looked back over at his bedroom window and thought about checking outside. That would answer any of his questions. He'd either see a mess or things would be back to normal.
But he wasn't ready yet. He wasn't sure if he even wanted to know.
Adam walked into his living room. From here, everything looked fine as well.
It must've been a dream. It really must…
He heard a wild scream come from outside. And, just like that, knew that it hadn't been a dream after all.
Adam went to the window and looked out. Below him, there were still several bodies strewn through out the road. Limbs were torn from them. Blood covered most of the road. Car windows had been smashed. As had store windows.
He looked down the street and saw that his favourite restaurant had caught fire some time in the night. There was nothing left of it. It was simply a charred out place, black on the inside and out.
He heard the scream again.
Adam searched around the street below him and came upon a man wandering around. The man swung his arms around wildly. He looked frustrated with something. Angry. He continued to shout. Adam didn't know at what.
As the man passed by he hit a car, kicked a few bodies. But, eventually, he wandered off and Adam was left alone.
Adam kept staring out the window. He had no idea what to make of any of this.
The TV, he thought. Maybe there'd be something on that!
He rushed over to the television and grabbed the remote. His finger shook as pressed the on button. Nothing happened.
He tried a few more times.
Nothing.
He remembered. The power had gone out.
He placed the remote back onto the television. It wasn't going to work. He wasn't going to find out any news about what had happened.
"Shit," he said. "This is bad."
Adam sat down on his couch. He wasn't sure what else to do. He knew that he had decided last night to leave, that he couldn't stay here. But seeing the man outside in the light, seeing the destruction, didn't make that decision very easy for him.
No, he couldn't stay here. Not with all of the dead bodies rotting in their apartments.
If he was worried about all of the dead bodies in his building, it frightened him even more to think about all the dead people out on the streets. There could be millions of them. And with them would come disease.
He'd have to leave his apartment. He'd have to leave the city. He didn't have much of a choice.
Adam got up and went back to his room. He opened his closet and pulled out his backpack. He held it out in front of him, looking at it with a moment of fondness. After university, he had spent a few months travelling around Europe. He had done so with this backpack. It had become important to him. It made him feel comfortable.
It also reminded him that the world he once knew was gone. Probably. Part of him kept hoping that he might be wrong. That maybe it wasn't as bad as it looked.
He began packing it with his things. He decided to only bring the essentials. He didn't want to be dragged down by too much. Plus, he figured that he'd be able to find a lot of things along the way. There would be stores that he could go into. Houses. Even things on the street.
For now, he just needed a few things to change into, to keep clean, to keep warm at night when the temperatures dropped. He threw them into the pack. He put the flashlight and knife in also.
When he got to his desk he saw the notebook filled with the story he had been writing. He picked up the pages in his hand and leafed through them. He thought about his characters, the plot. It had all come out of him so easily. It was something that he loved.
But should he take it with him?
In the end, he decided not to. There was no point. He wasn't going to finish it. No one was going to read it.
He put it down and walked over to get his backpack.
Time to leave.
He made his way to the front door. His heart had started to pick up its pace. He couldn't believe that he was actually about to do this.
He grabbed hold of the door knob and squeezed it tightly. Images of the bodies outside his window flashed through his head. He thought about the man who had tried to get into his apartment yesterday. There'd be a bunch of people lying in the hallway too.
He squeezed the door knob once more.
Then he let go of it.
He wasn't ready. Not yet.
Help still might come, he thought.
He walked back into the living room and went over to the window. He placed his backpack onto the floor as he looked outside once more. There was no one out there, nothing moving.
But help might come.
Chapter 4
Jane walked back into the house. Her daughter had been buried underneath the maple tree.
And she had killed her neighbour's son.
That wasn't really Harold, she thought. She didn't know who it was - what is was - but it wasn't Harold. She thought of his face, smashed. She pushed the image out of her mind.
It wasn't Harold. It wasn't.
She walked into the kitchen and opened the refrigerator. She reached in and grabbed the juice container.
Before she took a sip, she stopped and looked at her hand. It was covered in blood. She looked at her other hand. It, too, was soaked. She looked down at her body and couldn't believe how much blood there was.
This can't be real!
She reached down and touched her shirt. It felt wet and sticky. She pulled at it with her fingers. She could feel the moist material against her skin.
She looked back at her hands and, immediately, felt the need to wash them.
Jane put down the juice container and made her way over to the sink. She turned on the faucet. The water started to flow, though lightly. She ran her hands underneath it. Some of the blood washed into the sink. It swirled around before going into the drain. She took some soap and washed away the rest.
It wasn't an easy job. The blood was reluctant to let go. But she was able to get her hands clean. She wiped them on a towel.
Then she thought once more about her clothes. She didn't want all of this blood on her body. Covering her. She should have taken them off first. Now, her hands would just get bloody again. She couldn't believe that she hadn't thought of that first.
She rushed out of the kitchen and ran up to the bathroom. Her feet stumbled a few times on the stairs, but she caught herself from falling and managed to make it.
She entered the bathroom and stripped off all of her clothes. She pulled at her shirt, her pants. They stuck to her, making them hard to take off.
Eventually, she got out of them. She let them sit in a bloody pile in the corner of her room.
Once naked, Jane stood there and didn't move. She felt powerless. Overcome with emotion. So much had happened in the past little while. Now, here she stood, naked. Alone.
She looked down at her body. She ran her fingers down the middle of her breasts and then over her stomach, assuring herself that she was still there. That she had survived.
She looked again at the clothes on the floor. Covered in blood.
In her daughter's blood. And Harold's.
She had killed him. It. She knew that it had been a matter of life and death, but that didn't make it any easier to accept.
She turned away from the clothes. She needed to shower.
Jane grabbed at the faucet and turned it on. A light stream of cold water came out of the shower head. Jane didn't mind. She didn't care about hot water. Not at the moment. She hadn't gone into the shower to relax. She had done in there to clean herself.
Cold water would be fine.
 She stepped into the shower. When the water hit her, she gasped. It pricked at her skin and hurt. But it also brought her some form of comfort. It was more proof that she was alive.
She felt a slight shiver as she grabbed the soap and began scrubbing herself. She moved her hands vigorously over her body - arms, legs, stomach, back - until her skin began to feel raw.
She stopped and allowed the cold water to wash the darkened suds away.
Next, she moved onto her hair. She grabbed her shampoo and lathered it upon her head. She felt her nails scratch against her scalp. Again, the pain only reminded her that she had survived.
She put her head underneath the weak stream of water. It battered against the top of her head and ran down the front of her face.
Jane washed her face last. She ran her fingers along her nose and forehead, cheeks and chin. This time, she didn't hurt herself. Her touch was soft, gentle. She moved her hands in small circles. Slowly. She thought about how numb her face felt. She didn't know why.
She rinsed it. Then she opened her mouth and took a big sip of water. She spit it out.
When she was finished, Jane continued to stand there. She couldn't move. She barely noticed the cold water anymore. She let it run down over her head, down her body.
She thought about her husband and daughter. She tried to make sense of what had happened, but couldn't. She had absolutely no idea what had caused them to change. And she had no idea why she hadn't.
But that's what had happened. She had been left alone.
She thought about her house. Her and her husband had bought it when she had been pregnant with Becky. They had both been living in the city, but they had wanted a better place to raise their child. They had wanted a yard. A swing set. A tree to hide behind.
She thought about their future together - or what was supposed to have been their future. She could see Becky getting older, having birthday parties, having sleep-overs. Jane might have even retired with Phil in this very house. They could have sat on the porch, drinking coffee, waiting for Becky to come over with her own children. Jane's grandchildren.
Her ideas continued to spiral.
Then, all of a sudden, Jane knew what she had to do. She had to leave the house. She couldn't stay there. Not anymore. Not after what had happened.
Where will I go? she wondered next.
She didn't spend much time worrying about it. She figured that it didn't really matter. She just needed to get out of there.
Jane turned off the water and got out of the shower. The bathroom was nearly dark. She hadn't known that she had been in the shower for so long. She wasn't even sure what time it was.
She grabbed a towel and dried herself off.  Then she went into her room and looked at her watch on the nightstand. It read nearly 8 o'clock.
How long had she been in there?
Jane placed the watch back onto the table. She wouldn't have much need for it anymore. She wouldn't have to worry about when Phil would be home from work or what time she needed to take Becky to the daycare. There were no more appointments. No more meetings. Time didn't matter.
She got out a fresh new pair of clothes to wear and threw a few other things onto the bed. She'd pack them in a backpack later. She had one downstairs in the basement. She'd get it once she got dressed.
Her plan was to leave the next morning. She didn't want to leave at night. Not with those things out there. Not when she didn't know where she was going.
She got dressed. Then she got her backpack and filled it.
After she finished, she laid down onto her bed to go to sleep. But, before she closed her eyes, she looked back over at her bedroom door. She got up and rushed over to it to lock it. Aside from Harold, she hadn't seen or heard anyone...anything...outside all day. She simply wanted to be careful.
Jane laid back down on the bed. She looked around the room. Her room was dark now. Or darker. There was some moonlight shining in through her window. Her eyes had also adjusted.
She looked at her closet. The paintings on the wall. Her cabinet.
Beside her bed, on the nightstand, she saw a picture of her and her family. They had all gone to the park that day. Becky had loved it.
They had all been so happy!
She grabbed at the picture frame and opened it. She pulled out the photo and put it away carefully in her backpack. Then she rested her head on the pillow. She took a few deep breaths. She didn't really want to leave her house, she simply didn't know what else to do. It didn't make a lot of sense to stay. No matter how much she wanted to. It just didn't.
Jane closed her eyes. And though it didn't come quickly, sleep eventually found her.
Day 3

Chapter 1
Adam woke up and help still hadn't come. He had spent the whole of yesterday waiting, hoping. There had been nothing. There had been no one. He was on his own.
He knew that he had to leave. He couldn't stay any longer in his apartment. It wouldn't do any good. And, if anything, it would only get worse.
The bodies. The smell. The disease.
He grabbed his backpack and headed to the front door. On his way, he picked up the bottle of juice from his refrigerator. There wasn't much left. He swallowed it, then placed the bottle onto the counter top.
He walked to his front door and stopped once he reached it.
He looked back at his apartment. He had lived there for a few years and felt an attachment to it. It also felt safe.
But the disease.
And he'd need more food.
He turned away from his apartment and faced the door. He reached out and grabbed hold of the door knob. This time he was going to leave. No question about it. No turning back. Before he opened it, he thought to check outside first.
Slowly, he put his eye to the peep hole. The emergency lights were still on. They cast a red glow over the hallway. Adam couldn't see much out there. A few things lying on the floor. They weren't moving.
"All right," he said. "You can do this."
He felt his nerves getting the better of him, but he was still resolved to go.
He put his hand on the door knob. It felt cold in his palm. Then, against his better judgement, he thought once more about turning back.
Maybe he should go into his room and wait. Someone might come. There might be help on its way.
No. No. No. Deep down, he knew that wasn't the case. He had to leave.
He turned the door knob. It clicked quietly, though loud enough for Adam to pause. He was afraid that someone…something…out there would have heard it.
He waited. Nothing happened. There was no attack. Not even a sound.
This was something he had to get over. He couldn't be worried about every little thing. That would drive him mad.
He needed to leave. He had no other choice. That was all.
He opened the door. It moved slowly. Luckily, it didn't creak. Adam wasn't sure what he would have done if it had made anymore sound.
Break down?
He stuck his head into the hallway. He could make out the clumps on the ground - the bodies, his neighbours. They were lying out in the middle of the hall, dead.
He was a bit surprised to see so many of them out there. He had seen some of them when he had looked through the peep hole, but not this many. He hadn't heard enough noise from last night to justify this type of killing in the hallway, either.
Maybe he had been in shock.
He had gone to sleep too. Maybe it had happened then.
Regardless, his neighbours were spread throughout the hallway. It didn't really matter when it had happened.
Adam stepped into the hallway. It didn't smell all that horrible, but Adam pinched his nose anyway. It seemed like the right thing to do.
He walked toward the end of the hall, toward the stairwell. He didn't even think about using the elevator. First, he knew that it wouldn't be working. But, more than that, he didn't want to be trapped in a tiny little box; especially if one of those things managed to get in there with him.
When Adam got to the stairwell, he stopped and stared at the door. It was closed and he needed to build up the courage to open it. It had been hard enough opening his front door. And he could see out of that! Here was a door with no peep hole, no window, nothing to tell him what was on the other side.
Adam put his ear to the door. Maybe he could hear something. He held his breath and listened.
Once more, there was nothing. At least not that he could make out.
He put his hand on the bar and pushed. No point in waiting. There was another click. The door swung open. A swishing sound accompanied it. Like a freeze-dried package.
Adam didn't think too much about the sound this time. There were other things to worry about. Like the fact that there were no lights in the stairwell.
Adam couldn't believe it. It was dark. He didn't know why. He was sure that there were emergency lights in there.
It occurred to him that maybe they hadn't been hooked up to the generator. It seemed strange, but possible.
Or maybe they had burned out.
Whatever the case, they weren't on. He would have to make his way down through it without light.
No, he realized, he didn't have to do it that way.
He took off his backpack and searched for the flashlight. It was in a side pocket and easy to find. He took out the knife with it. Just in case.
He put the backpack back on and prepared himself to go. His hands were shaking. He could barely breathe. But this was something that he needed to do.
"Here goes nothing!"
He switched on his flashlight and took a few steps toward the top of the staircase. He shone the light downward. There was nothing there, making Adam feel a bit better. Though not much.
He placed his foot down on the first step and kept walking until he came to a turn in the staircase. He flashed the light around it. He couldn't see anything down there, either.
Then he heard a bang.
Adam froze. His breathing stopped. His heart raced.
The stairwell door. It had closed behind him. The red light from the hallway disappeared.
Adam took a few more deep breaths. It's okay, he told himself. Just keep walking. He turned the corner and walked down another flight of stairs.
As he came to the forth floor, he could see that that door was closed. He wasn't going to open it.
Earlier, he had thought about scrounging through the other apartments to find a gun. He didn't own one himself. He had never actually held one. He probably wouldn't even know what to do with it if he was able to get his hands on one. But the idea had crossed his mind. Again, it felt like the right thing to do.
Not now. Adam was against it. He didn't want to search through the tombs in his apartment building. He just wanted to be out of here. The quicker, the better.
Adam turned away from the door. He flashed the light down the next staircase and walked to the end of it. He turned the corner and flashed his light again.
This time, at the bottom of the stairs, he saw a face looking up at him, glaring.
Adam gasped in surprise and dropped his flashlight. He backed up and wanted to run. His legs wouldn't listen. Instead, he crouched and waited for an attack, the knife held out in from of him. He was going to do his best to fight off the intruder, even though he didn't feel very hopeful about it.
He waited. And waited.
There was no attack. Adam didn't even hear anything that slightly resembled one.
He walked back to the edge of the staircase and looked down. His flashlight had fallen down there and was resting against someone's leg. Adam couldn't see the body too well, but it wasn't moving. He was sure that it was dead.
Adam quickly rushed down the stairs and snatched at the flashlight. He expected the body to reach out and grab him as he did.
It didn't.
Adam quickly pointed the light at the dead person's face. It was a man. He looked slightly familiar. Adam must have seen him around the building, though he couldn't be sure. The man's face was contorted into a snarl. His throat had been sliced.
It was then that Adam noticed all of the blood pouring down the man's chest. It covered the floor beneath them. It had gotten onto Adam's hands, too, when he had picked up the flashlight.
"Shit," Adam said. It made him feel sick to have this man's blood on him.
He rubbed his hands against his jeans. The blood didn't come off completely, but he felt a little bit better about it.
He stood up, feeling the need to get out of there. He turned away from the dead man and continued walking down the stairs.
As Adam came to the second floor, he could see that the door was propped open. The red emergency lights in the hallway shone dimly into the stairwell. They lit up a dead body that was lying across the floor. It was the body that was keeping the door open.
Adam approached it slowly. He knew that it was dead, but he wasn't sure if there was anything lurking in the hall. He didn't want to be taken by surprise again.
He came upon the body. He couldn't see who it was because it was lying face down. He didn't really want to know anyway. He just wanted out.
But, before Adam could leave, he heard a sound. Actually, it wasn't just a sound. It took him a moment to register what it was. It was a voice.
"Help!" it screamed.
Adam was startled. He had expected to be attacked. He hadn't thought of finding any other people - any other survivors. He didn't know what to do.
He wanted to leave. But he didn't want to leave anybody behind. Especially if they needed help. Of course, he wasn't sure that he'd be much help against one of those things.
What could he do?
He decided to check it out.
Adam stuck his head into the hallway. There was no one in sight.
"Help," the voice sounded again. "Help me!"
It was a girl's voice. Adam knew that much. The age escaped him.
He stepped into the hallway and walked toward it. It was difficult to know which apartment it had come from, but Adam was now determined to find out. He needed to help. If he wasn't already too late.
"Help!" the girl screamed once more. "Heeeeelp!"
The voice was louder. Adam knew that he was getting closer.
He came upon a door and stopped to listen. He thought that this might be the place.
"Heeeelllp meeeeeeee!"
It was.
Adam quickly opened the door. Luckily, it hadn't been locked.
He rushed into the apartment and looked around. There was no one there.
He heard some rustling coming from one of the bedrooms and ran over to it.
As soon as he entered, he saw a young girl being pinned to the bed by a man. The man was holding her arms down and his face was buried in her neck, as though he were trying to bite it.
The girl noticed Adam and her eyes opened wide.
"Help me," she said. "Please!"
Adam rushed over and pulled the man off of her. The man fell to the ground.
Adam prepared himself for an attack, knowing that it would come quickly. He had seen how these monsters attacked from outside his window. He wouldn't have much time to react.
But the attack never came.
The man spun around. Startled. "What the fuck?" he said.
Adam looked at the man. He wasn't one of the creatures.
"What are you doing?" Adam asked.
The man sat up against the wall. "Tryin' to have a little fun is all," he replied. His voice was a little more relaxed. At first, he was sure that Adam had been one of those creatures too. Now he knew that wasn't the case.
Adam looked at the girl on the bed. She was crying. She couldn't have been much more than ten years old. He felt a rush of anger run through him.
Adam ran over to the man on the floor and kicked him. The man hadn't expected it, so he hadn't been able to block it. It connected with his stomach. He crouched over.
"What the fuck was that for?" the man asked, breathless.
"What the fuck? What the fuck?" Adam kicked him again.
This time the man was able to block it. He scurried to his feet.
"I was just havin' a little fun," the man said, defensively.
"Get out!" Adam screamed. He pointed to the door.
The man raised his hands, pleading. "Come on, man. We can share her. I don't mind."
Adam threw his flashlight at the man. There was a loud crack as it bounced off of his shoulder.
"What the fuck? I said we can share her. Don't be so fuckin' greedy."
It was then that Adam remembered that he was also carrying a knife. He held it out toward the man.
"I said get out!"
The man didn't argue. He scurried past Adam and out of the room. "Fuckin' prick," he said as he went. "Was just trying to have a little fun!"
Adam felt his anger continue to rise. He grasped the knife tighter and it took everything he had to stop himself from stabbing it into the man as he ran away. He followed him out of the room.
The man didn't look back at him. He made his way to the door and left.
Adam went to the door next and locked it. He felt like punching something. Anything. But he needed to check on the young girl.
He walked back to the bedroom. The girl was lying on the bed, curled up into a ball. Her arms were wrapped tightly around her shoulders.
Adam stood in the doorway.
"It's okay," he said softly.
She looked up at him, sheepishly. She was expecting another attack.
"I won't hurt you," Adam said.
She didn't look so sure.
Adam walked over and grabbed the blanket. It had been lying on the floor. He put it over the top of the girl. She clutched onto it tightly. He could see that she was starting to feel a little bit better.
After a while, Adam spoke.
"My name is Adam," he said. "What's yours?"
The girl looked at him. She had stopped crying but her eyes were still red.
"I'm Shelly," she said.
Adam smiled. "It's nice to meet you." He held his hand out to shake. She didn't grab it in return. "Why don't you take some time," he added. "I'll wait for you in the living room whenever you're ready."
Shelly nodded her head.
Adam left the room, closing the door gently behind him.
Chapter 2
Jane walked down her staircase and entered her front hallway. She had her backpack slung over her arm. She had packed it with some clothes. Had put a few knives in there also.
In her hand was a baseball bat. She had found it in the basement. After her encounter with Harold, it seemed like a good idea.
She made her way toward the back door.
She looked around as she passed her living room, the place where she used to play with her daughter, where she used to watch television with her husband.
She had had a good life.
Memories of that life kept coming back to her. Phil trying to put together the entertainment cabinet. Becky learning to stand up. Jane eating popcorn as she watched a scary movie.
Now there would be no more memories made here. Her life in this house was over. Her life, as she knew it, had changed.
She forced herself to turn away. There was no point in thinking about those things. She had to focus on the present. She needed to concentrate on survival.
She went to the back door and looked cautiously through its window once she got there. She didn't see anything outside.
She opened the door slowly and listened. There was nothing out of the ordinary. She could hear some birds singing in the trees out back. She could hear wind rustling through the leaves.
Jane waited a moment and took it all in. She took a deep breath, tried to calm herself, then she stepped out of her house and onto her deck. She didn't bother closing the door behind her. She didn't need to. She wasn't worried about what was going to happen to her house once she left.
She walked into the backyard.
Before she got very far, she turned back around. She wanted to see her house one more time and didn't have the willpower to stop herself. It felt strange knowing that she would never be going back in there again. This was her home.
No, not anymore.
She tried not to think about it. There was no point. Things had changed. That was all that she needed to know. All that she needed to deal with.
Jane turned and faced the trees behind her house. Her home backed out onto a big forest. It stretched for quite a long way. She often hiked out there with her husband. She had taken her daughter there a lot too. The little girl had been too small to do much walking, but she knew that Becky had loved it.
Becky. Her silly little goose.
Jane turned and looked at the large maple tree where she had buried her daughter. She saw the freshly dug grave. Harold laid dead beside it.
She thought about going over to the grave, touching it one more time, but she shook her head and told herself that none of that mattered anymore. Her daughter was dead. Her husband was missing. Jane was alone and needed to deal with it.
"I love you," she mouthed toward the grave. "I'm sorry."
That was all that she managed.
Jane turned and started walking toward the forest. She needed to get moving. She didn't know where she was headed. She told herself that anywhere would be better than here. She might even meet some other survivors. Hopefully. For all Jane knew, she was the only one left. That thought played heavily in her mind.
Am I the only one?
She tried not to worry about it. As with everything else that had happened, there was nothing that she could do about it. No answers. No help. Nothing.
Jane hiked her backpack up over her shoulders again. She got another strong grip on the baseball bat and walked into the forest, never looking back.
Chapter 3
Adam sat on the sofa and looked out of the window. He couldn't stop thinking about the girl, wondering if she was okay. Several times he had thought of going into her room to check on her, to make sure that everything was fine. But he knew that she needed her space. He was a stranger to her. If anything, he would scare her.
Just like that man had.
Adam thought about the man, how he had been on top of the young girl. He hadn't been trying to bite her neck as Adam had first thought. He had been trying to kiss her. After all that had happened in the past couple of days, Adam just couldn't understand why anyone would have done something like that; let alone with someone not even in her teens. It didn't make any sense to him.
Adam rubbed his chin and shivered.
He pictured the man's face. His surprise. He thought of the man's words: We can share her.
What the hell had that guy been thinking?
Adam couldn't understand it.
Now the young woman was safe. He had come in at the right time and saved her. He felt a twinge of pride at this. It felt good helping someone. And, even though he still felt anger toward the man who had attacked her, Adam felt a smile curve his lips upward.
"He said that he wanted to help," a voice said, taking him by surprise.
Adam turned around. Standing there was Shelly. She was clutching her blanket to her chest.
"What?"
"The man. He said that he wanted to help me."
Shelly walked closer into the room. She still looked a little bit hesitant to come near Adam, but he knew that she was feeling more comfortable than before.
"He did?"
"Yeah." Shelly came all the way into the living room and sat down on a recliner chair. "He saw me from outside. I was looking out the window. At first I thought that he was one of those people - the ones who've gone crazy. But then he waved. And smiled."
Adam nodded his head. He was listening intently. He didn't really want to hear the details. He thought that they would upset him too much. But he wanted the young girl to trust him. In order to do that he needed to listen.
"He came upstairs and knocked on my door," she went on. "I didn't open it at first. I was scared. But he told me not to worry. That he was here to help."
Shelly paused and looked out of the window. Her eyes focused on something that Adam couldn't make out. He decided to wait for her to continue. It wasn't long before she did.
"So, I let him in." She seemed ashamed. "I didn't know what else to do."
"It's okay. I would have done the same thing."
"You would have?"
"Sure. You were scared. It's understandable."
"It is?"
"Of course it is."
"It was also stupid," Shelly added.
"Maybe," Adam admitted. He didn't want to lie to her. He didn't want to risk losing her trust. "But you had to find out. You couldn't have known."
"I guess you're right," she said, weakly.
Adam continued to look at her. She clutched her blanket, looking younger holding it that way. Like a child. He felt such empathy for her. He wanted to go over and hug her and tell her that everything was going to be okay, except he knew that that wouldn't be okay to do. She'd be frightened. Possibly run away.
He sat and waited.
"He said his name was Sam," she said. "Before I let him in, he introduced himself. He said his name was Sam and that he was going to help me. I thought everything was going to be okay."
"It's going to be okay now," Adam assured her. "Try not to worry about it."
"I even poured him a glass of juice."
Shelly pointed to the kitchen table. Adam hadn't noticed it before, but there it was. A half empty glass of orange juice. He felt disgust that the man had had his lips pressed against it. The same lips that were on this young girl's neck. He wanted to stand up and throw the glass away. He didn't want to startle the young girl, though. Again, he decided to wait.
"I thought that he was going to be nice."
Adam looked at her. He wanted her to stop talking, to stop blaming herself. He knew that that's what she was thinking and it didn't do any good to think those things. He also knew that she needed to talk about it, to get it out.
"He even said that he had a daughter like me. That her name was April. She had turned into one of those people. He said that she attacked him. He was able to get away. He didn't know what happened to her after."
Her voice trailed off.
Finally, Adam decided that he needed to say something about it. He couldn't let her keep going on as though she had done something wrong.
"Listen," he said. "It wasn't your fault."
Shelly looked up at him. She didn't seem to believe him.
"You couldn't've known that he was going to attack you," he continued. "Even I'm shocked by it. No one could have known. You did nothing wrong."
"Are you sure?" She looked like she wanted to believe him.
"Of course I'm sure. You did nothing wrong. He was the one who did something wrong. He was the one who should feel bad about it. He was the one..."
Adam could feel his temper rising again and he didn't want to startle her. It was just that the thought of the man drove him wild. He took a few deep breaths.
"I'm sorry," he said softly. "I don't want to scare you."
Shelly sat more upright.
"You don't," she said. "I know that you're not like that man - Sam."
Adam smiled. Then he laughed. "I should hope not!"
Shelly smiled too.
"Anyway," Adam continued, "he's gone now. You don't have to worry about him. You just need to learn from this."
"Learn from this?"
"Things have changed. People aren't the same as they used to be. And I'm not just talking about the creatures. I guess everyone has changed in some way. You need to be careful from now on. We all do."
Shelly dropped her head. "I guess you're right," she said sadly.
Adam could see the hurt within her. He hadn't really thought about not being able to trust people until this moment. It pained him too. He looked at the young woman.
"But you can trust me," he said.
She looked up. "I can?"
"Always."
She smiled again.
Adam stood up and walked over to the glass of orange juice. He picked it up and tossed the juice into the sink. He threw the glass into the garbage.
"We won't have to look at that anymore," he said. "And you won't have to worry about it, either."
Shelly looked considerably happier. Adam felt proud once again. Here was a person that he had managed to save. Twice. First from a horrible man. Second from despair.
He walked back to the couch.
"Feeling better?" he asked.
Shelly nodded her head.

*

Adam and Shelly sat in the living room for a little while longer. Neither of them said anything for quite some time. It wasn't that they had nothing to say or didn't want to talk to one another. They simply needed to absorb all that had been said. Adam was also thinking about what they should do next.
He turned to the young girl. "Do you mind me asking your age?"
She looked up at him, breaking her concentration. "I'm eleven."
Adam nodded. He also wanted to scream. He figured she was around that age, but hearing it was another thing. There was a man who had tried to rape her! Eleven years old! He looked at her eyes. He could tell that she was getting scared. He calmed himself down.
"I'm sorry," he said. "I was just thinking..."  He stopped himself from saying what he was thinking. She was too young for that. "I was just thinking that you look so much older."
Shelly smiled.
At her expression, Adam felt a sadness build up in him. She looked so beautiful there, so innocent. And here had come along a man, willing to destroy that.
With effort, he smiled back.
"How old are you?" she asked.
"Me? I'm thirty-one. I guess you find that pretty old, huh?"
Shelly laughed. "That's not old. My parents are old. They are forty-five!"
At the mention of her parents, both Adam and Shelly stopped speaking. They had broached a serious subject. It wasn't one that Adam wanted to get into, but he knew that it was inevitable.
"Where are your parents?" he asked after a moment.
"They are dead," she said. Her tone matter-of-fact.
"They are?"
"Yes."
"How do you know?"
"I saw them."
"Where?"
"In their bedroom."
Shelly pointed to a room. Adam's eyes went to it immediately. The door was closed.
"They are in there?"
"Uh-huh."
Adam felt a bit of panic creep into him. He hadn't heard anything on the other side of the door, but that didn't mean that they weren't still in there. Alive. Waiting to attack. Sure, Shelly had said that they were dead. But how could an eleven-year old be sure about something like that?
Adam stood up.
"Wait here," he said.
He made his way over to the bedroom door. He took soft, cautious steps. He knew it was a bit ridiculous since he and Shelly had just been speaking loudly, laughing; but he did it, nonetheless.
He came upon the door and put his hand on the door knob. Before he turned it open, he placed his ear to the door to listen for any sounds on the other side.
Nothing.
He looked back at Shelly. She had kept her eyes on him. He tried to give her a reassuring smile. He even lifted up a thumb to let her know that everything was okay.
Adam turned the knob and opened the door.
Immediately, he saw the young girl's parents. They were both lying across the floor of the room. Blood was splattered everywhere. The room was a mess. The bed had been disheveled. Clothes had been thrown all over the place. A night stand was knocked over. As was a bureau.
Adam looked closely at Shelly's parents. Their faces had been torn to pieces. Deep fingernail gouges cut across their cheeks and foreheads. Both of their throats had been ripped open.
And Shelly had seen this?
Adam turned back to look at the young girl. She hadn't moved from her spot.
He left the room and closed the door.
"It'll be okay," he said. The words sounded strange to him. How could he tell her that things were going to be fine? She didn't seem to notice. "We won't be able to stay here, though."
At first, Shelly looked like she wanted to argue, but she closed her mouth and nodded.
"Let's go pack up your things," Adam said. "We won't leave tonight. It'll probably start getting dark soon, so we're better off waiting for the morning."
Shelly made to turn away. As she did, Adam put his hand on her shoulder. She wasn't surprised by his touch, nor was she afraid of it. She turned back to face him.
"I'm sorry about your parents," he said.
"Charlie and Olivia," Shelly said. "Those were their names."
Adam nodded his head and led Shelly into her bedroom to pack.
Chapter 4
Sam left the room, furious.
Who the fuck was that punk to tell him to get out!? He was only trying to have a little fun.
Sam thought of the girl - Shelly. Sure, she was a little bit young. But what the fuck? You couldn't be choosey in these times. He was surprised to have seen her in the first place.
Since yesterday, he had been wandering around the city, scavenging. Looking for anything valuable. You never knew when it was going to come in handy.
It was risky, though. He needed to keep clear of those things, whatever the fuck they were. They kept running around, attacking anything they saw. Even themselves!
But that girl...
He had been going through a car on the other side of the street. The window had been smashed, so it had been pretty easy to get into. He hadn't seen any of those things wandering around, either.
Then he had seen the girl. She had been looking at him from her window. Had looked so pretty up there. And when he had waved at her, she had smiled back.
Such a beautiful smile!
Sure, she had been a little young. And maybe before he wouldn't have done it. He used to have a daughter the same age. He wouldn't think of touching her. Well, that wasn't true. He thought of touching her. He often wondered what it'd be like in his daughter's pants, in between her legs. But he'd never let himself actually do it. If anyone ever found out that he had fucked his daughter, it would have ruined his life!
That didn't matter anymore, did it? Anything went nowadays.
And what was to say that the girl hadn't been going to like it?
Yeah, sure. It would have hurt. She would have bled. She would have cried. But, after a few more times, she might've liked it. It was possible.
And now that stupid fuck came up and ruined the whole thing!
Sam wanted to march back into the room and beat the fuck out of him. He even stopped a few times before he walked down the stairway. The guy didn't look so tough.
Then again, you never knew. He might've been trained in that ninja-shit. Could've done some kind of chop to good ol' Sam. Fucked up his face or something. And that wouldn't have been good. Especially if the guy didn't stop with his face. He could've broken his arms or legs. Then what would good ol' Sam have done?
 Plus, he had that knife. That fuckin' knife!
Shit, it just wasn't fair. Shelly was beautiful. Sam needed someone to spend his nights with. Why shouldn't it have been with her?
Yeah, yeah, yeah - she was a little young, but who was going to judge him? He hadn't seen anyone, aside from her (and now that fuckin' prick!) for the past couple of days.
Sam took a deep breath. He thought again of Shelly, of how she looked. Her long black hair. Her round cheeks. Her small eyes. She didn't have much of a body on her at the moment, but he knew that she would one day. He could see her breasts beginning to grow, her hips starting to curve.
If only that stupid fuck hadn't shown up.
Sam got to the bottom of the stairs and wanted to march back up them. He wanted to show that little dick who was boss. He wanted to bash the fuck out of his face. That would show Shelly who the real man was. She'd probably even want to fuck him after that. Who wouldn't?
Sam looked down at his arms. He tried to flex them. He wasn't necessarily a big guy, but he wasn't all that small, either. He probably could have taken that young ass prick.
But if he couldn't...that wouldn't have been good.
Sam opened the door to the stairwell. It led out onto the street. The sun was shining brightly. He had to close his eyes from the glare. He raised his hand to cover them and walked out onto the street. The door closed behind him. He looked around.
Now where can I go? he wondered.
Once more, he thought of charging back up into the building and taking Shelly for his own. Deep down, he knew that it wasn't going to happen. And that just wasn't any fuckin' fair!
Sam started to walk down the street. He couldn't get the little girl out of his head. And that was a problem because he didn't hear one of the things up ahead. It was in front of one of the cars, eating from the arm of a corpse.
Sam came upon it and froze. The thing looked up at Sam. Flesh hanging from its mouth. Its face covered in blood. It growled.
The sound snapped Sam out of it. He turned and ran. The thing followed close behind.
Chapter 5
Jane walked on through the forest. She was lost deep in thought. It probably wasn't the smartest thing for her to be doing. She should have been listening for sign of the creatures. But she couldn't. She was too busy thinking about her family and how they had changed.
She didn't know what had happened. There was no way that she could have. All that had taken place in the past little while had been impossible for her to even imagine.
She knew enough to understand that her husband and daughter were dead. Phil and Becky. But even that was a bit difficult to believe.
They had all been such a happy family with the future in front of them.
Now all of that was gone.
Jane thought about her husband. Not the one she loved, the one she remembered spending her life with; but the one who had come after her, the one who had intended on killing her.
She pictured the look of anger that had been on his face. The hatred. His dark eyes had glared at her as she had rushed back into her daughter's room. He had run toward her. Screamed. Broken down the door.
He had killed their daughter. Their precious Becky. Her silly little goose. He had picked her up and thrown her across the room. He had slammed her against the ground. Over and over.
She thought of the little girl. Even she had changed. Before her husband had come into the room, Jane had seen her daughter trying to get out of her crib, her little fingers clawing its side. Then clawing at her!
Becky had been screaming too. There had been anger in her eyes. She had even bit Jane. And if the little girl had been a bit stronger, a bit bigger, she would have tried to kill her too. Jane was sure of it.
Her own daughter.
Then there had been Harold. Her neighbour's son had charged at her. She had killed him with a shovel. Battered his face. To the point where he was barely recognizable.
She couldn't believe it. She would never have thought about killing anyone before, especially in that way. With a shovel. It seemed so barbaric.
But she hadn't had a choice. The boy had been trying to kill her. He had changed. Just like her husband. Just like her daughter. He would have killed her if she hadn't done so to him first. That was all there was to it.
The reporter on the television had said that this had been happening all over the city, maybe all over the country. Then he had changed, too, and attacked the cameraman. The screen had gone black.
For all Jane knew, the change had happened all over the world. And to everyone. She still couldn't help but wonder if she was the only one left. She hoped that it wasn't true, but she hadn't seen anything to the contrary. Everyone near her home seemed to have changed, all of the neighbours. She had heard them screaming and fighting each other, killing each other.
She just didn't know.
Jane continued to walk. These thoughts continued to bombard her. Her husband. Her daughter. Harold. The reporter. The neighbours. The world. Being alone. None of it made any sense.
She felt herself getting overwhelmed. She felt dizzy. She felt sick.
She knew that it was something that she needed to fight her way through. She couldn't let herself keep thinking about these things. They didn't do her any good. It was the past. What happened happened. She strengthened her grip on the baseball bat.
What happened happened.
What happened happened.
What happ...
Jane heard a noise and stopped walking. Something was up ahead. She could hear it moving through the trees.
Without pause, Jane raised the bat. She was preparing herself for an attack. Something was coming at her. The branches rustled. A twig broke.
Then Jane saw it.
Standing before her was a deer. It had walked in front of her path and was chewing on the leaves of a tree. Its mouth moved lazily up and down.
The deer froze when it noticed Jane. Its eyes locked onto the woman. Jane could see it thinking, determining if she was a threat.
Jane lowered the bat and stretched out her hand.
"It's okay," she said softly. "I won't hurt you."
The deer continued to look at her.
Jane wanted to search through her bag. She wanted to give the deer something to eat. But she knew that any more movement could scare the deer away. She didn't want that to happen. Something about the deer brought her a sense of hope and comfort. She kept her hand out in front of her.
"Don't worry," she said.
The deer breathed out loudly, like it was contemplating Jane's words.
In the end, it ran away.
Sadly, Jane watched it go. Once more, she was left on her own.
Day 4

Chapter 1
Jane met Phil on her first day of school. She had been out of teacher's college for a few months when she received the position. She was going to be teaching Grade 1. She had never taught her own class before. She hadn't had much experience with such young children, either. But she knew that she was going to love it. Everything was going to be great.
She walked into the teacher's room. The principal noticed and stood up to greet her. He was a big man with a big smile. She had met him earlier. She could only describe him as jolly.
He walked over.
"Jane!" he said. "How are you? Are you ready for your first big day?"
"Hi, Mr. Bensworth. Yes, I'm very excited to be here. I can't wait."
She was smiling. Maybe a little bit too much. She knew that it made her look young and eager, even inexperienced (which she was), but she couldn't stop.
"Well," Mr. Bensworth continued, "let me introduce you to some of the other teachers."
He led her around the room and introduced her to each and every one of them. They all seemed polite and nice enough. Though one really grabbed her attention. Phil. He was one of the grade six teachers.
He was sitting at the back of the room, reading a book. He had stopped and looked up at the interruption. At first, he had looked annoyed. But Jane knew that as soon as she saw her his attitude changed. He liked what he saw and wanted to make a good first impression.
He stood up, put his book down and held out his hand toward her.
"Nice to meet you," he said.
Jane lowered her eyes. She was beginning to blush. There was nothing really embarrassing or awkward about the introduction, but she felt her face redden, anyway.
She put out her hand and grabbed his. It felt nice. Warm and strong.
She looked back up at him. "It's nice to meet you, too."
"If you need anything," Phil continued, "be sure to ask. I'm just across the hall from you, I think." He looked at Mr. Bensworth.
Mr. Bensworth nodded his head. "Yes, you two are right across the hall from one another, so please speak to him if you have any trouble."
Jane said that she would. She hoped that she'd have to. Not that she wanted any trouble in her class. It would simply be nice to have a reason to talk to Phil again.
Phil let go of her hand. Mr. Bensworth grabbed her by the elbow and led her around the rest of the room.

*

When Jane walked into her classroom, there was only one child was there. A young girl. She looked nervous.
Jane went up to her. Again smiling.
"What's your name?' she asked.
"Christine," the little girl replied.
"And today is your first day in elementary school?"
Christine nodded her head.
"Well, that's a big deal. And you're the first one here!" Jane said it excitedly. The little girl didn't seem to feel the same way.
"Yes," Christine said, her voice low, soft. "My mother dropped me off early."
"Did your mother have to work?"
"No."
Jane had known that the little girl was scared. Now she knew that she was also sad. She could tell that Christine had wanted her mother to stay with her for a little while. At least until she had gotten settled.
"Well, I'm glad that you're here early," Jane said.
Christine looked up at her new teacher. "You are?"
"Of course! You can help me prepare for class. I have a lot to do before the other children get here."
Christine smiled, even if just a little bit.
"How about you help me with those books over there," Jane said as she pointed to a bunch of books in the corner of the room. There wasn't anything really wrong with them. She simply wanted to give the little girl something to do. She wanted to make her feel important. Special.
All of the other students arrived shortly after and soon Jane's class was underway. She started asking them questions about themselves. What things they liked to do. What they liked to eat. Then she asked them questions about their parents, brothers and sisters. Even their pets.
The children all loved it. They enjoyed talking about themselves, telling her stories. It brought them all closer to each other and closer to their teacher.
Jane continued to smile.
This was going to be great.

*

At the end of the day, Jane finally managed to run into Phil. She had tried to talk to him over lunch, but he had looked too busy reading. Little did she know that he had wanted to talk to her as well. The problem was that it would have been too obvious to the other teacher's if he had put down his book. He was always reading at break time. He had been too embarrassed to stop now.
They walked out of class at the same time and looked at each other.
"How was it?" Phil asked.
"It was great. I had so much fun! The children are absolutely wonderful."
"Maybe at that age. Wait until they get a bit older."
Jane cocked her head and glanced at him, taken aback. It wasn't a comment she had expected. She was so happy with the way that her day had gone. She couldn't imagine them ever causing any trouble. At least, not any real trouble.
Phil saw the look on her face and knew that he had said the wrong thing. He needed to try to recover from it.
"Don't get me wrong," he said. "I like teaching them. It's just that by grade six they start to develop their personalities. And some of them don't get the best coaching at home. Of course, I'm not blaming them for that. It can just get a bit frustrating at times. Especially with a student that you think has a lot of potential."
Jane thought of Christine. She was such a lovely child. At the beginning of the day, the little girl had been so nervous. She had also been so sad. Her mother had just dropped her off. Not even because she had had to go to work. Through out the day, Christine had become more confident and happy. She told several stories. She loved to talk. Jane didn't want anything to change in her.
But her mother had just dropped her off. Jane couldn't hide her sadness.
"Look," Phil said. "I'm sorry. I was just thinking about one of my own students. I really want the best for him, so I get a bit worked up when he acts badly. Today was a pretty rough day for him. I didn't mean to upset you. I really shouldn't have said anything."
"It's okay. You got me thinking of one of my own students, that's all. I don't want to picture her turning out that way."
"Maybe she won't. I mean she probably won't. I...I...I mean she won't."
Phil grabbed his hands and wrung them together as he spoke. She could tell that he was was nervous. She could also tell that it was a strange emotion for him. He looked too confident to ever feel nervous. She supposed the she managed to bring it out in him.
"It's okay," she said. "Let's forget about it."
"Okay," he said, weakly.
"Let's try this again. My day today was great. The children are fantastic!"
Phil nodded his head and picked up his cue. "That's great!" he said. "I'm glad that everything went so well. Kids are wonderful, aren't they?"
Jane smiled. Then laughed. They walked together to the teacher's room.
When they left the school, both looked forward to seeing each other again.

*

A few months later, they were sitting on a park bench together. Phil had asked her to go for a walk. The weather was beautiful. It had sounded like a great idea.
The two had started dating not long after they had met one another. The other teachers used to joke about it with them. Nothing serious. Just little comments here and there.
Jane and Phil enjoyed spending time with one another. That was all that mattered.
Things were going great between them. They talked to each other constantly. They spent their break times together. At night, if they weren't together, they'd talk on the phone.
Yes, everything was great.
Phil grabbed Jane's hand and placed it between both of his.
"Jane," he said, softly. She looked at him. "I love you."
Jane gasped. She hadn't meant to, but she couldn't stop herself. Love was not a word that she took lightly. She knew that Phil looked at it the same way. She hadn't expected him to say it.
She had wanted to say it herself a few times, only she wasn't sure that they had been dating long enough. It felt like a funny thing for her to base her feelings on. She did, nonetheless.
"I love you too," she said.
He kissed her.
They were in love.

*

Jane stood in front of the doors. When they opened, she would be led down to her future husband. She looked at her father. He was watching her. She could see the pride in his eyes.
"You look beautiful," he said. "Phil is very lucky to have you."
"Thank you," Jane replied. She kissed her father on the cheek.
The doors opened. Everyone stood up. They all wanted to see her walk down the aisle.
Jane felt her heart begin to flutter. In a few minutes she'd be married to the man that she loved. They'd be able to start their life together.
They could even think about having children!
Jane's father squeezed her hand.
"Are you ready?" he asked.
She smiled, then nodded her head.
The music started. Jane and her father began to walk down the aisle. Her bride's maids were already at the front waiting for her.
She kept glancing at all of the faces around her. Family and friends. They had all gathered to see her on the happiest day of her life.
She looked down the aisle. Phil was standing there, faced toward the altar. She wanted him to turn around and look at her, but she knew that he was feeling too emotional. He had said that he knew he'd start to cry once he saw her. He wanted to wait until she was right there, standing in front of him. Then she could hold his hand and get him through it. Jane had said that she would. Still, she wished that he'd look. Even just to take a little peek.
She approached the alter. It felt like it was taking forever to get there! Each step was well controlled even though she wanted to run up there and throw her arms around him. She wanted to kiss him. She wanted them to be together. Forever.
Her father continued to walk beside her, smiling. He nodded his head at all of the guests, his eyes wide with happiness for his daughter. He liked Phil. He thought that she had made a good choice. He'd be a good husband.
Jane came closer to the altar. She could see the priest's face better now. He was smiling too. She smiled back.
She came up to the back of Phil. He hadn't yet looked at her. He must be more worked up than she had thought. She went up beside him and put her hand in his. Then she moved up closer to get a good look at the man who was going to be her husband.
Phil turned to face her.
Finally!
Jane couldn't stop smiling. Here was the man that she loved, the man that she'd spend the rest of her life with. Here was...
As Phil looked down at her, Jane's smile dropped. Phil was staring at her. Not with the loving expression she had expected. He was glaring at her. Angry. His eyes showed pure hate in them. His mouth was gnarled. He stared to growl.
Jane tried to pull away, but Phil tightened his grip. She pulled harder. It did no good.
Phil let out a wild howl and pulled her closer toward him. Jane hit him, but he didn't stop.
She screamed as she looked around at the guests, at her family and friends. No one came to her aid. They were all just staring at her, smiling.
"Help me!" she screamed.
They continued to watch, their faces happy.
She looked back at her fiancé. This time his face had blood all over it. She didn't know where it had come from. It covered his cheeks and spilled out of his mouth.
He bent down to kiss her. Jane could see his lips moving closer to her own.
"Help me!" she screamed again.
No one moved. They continued to watch.
Phil gurgled something as he placed his lips onto her own. Jane could taste the blood. It was a mix of sour and salt.
She pulled her head away. Everyone laughed. Phil looked angrier. He howled again. Then he pressed his mouth back against hers and bit into her lips.

*

Jane awoke, lying on the ground. Her heart was beating fast. She took a few deep breaths and tried to steady herself.
At first, she didn't know where she was. Then everything that had happened came quickly back to her.
Her husband was dead. Her baby was dead. She was alone.
Chapter 2
Adam woke up early the next morning. He had gone to sleep on the couch, having had no intention of sleeping in Shelly's room. He had definitely not wanted to sleep in her parents' room, either. He had thought of going back to his own place, but he didn't want to leave Shelly alone. He also didn't want to have to walk back up the three flights of stairs in the dark with those things around.
The sun shone in through the window. Adam opened his eyes slowly. He was still tired and wanted to sleep, but he knew that wasn't a good idea. They had to get going. The earlier the better. They needed to take advantage of the daylight.
Adam stretched and sat up. His blanket fell to the floor. He didn't bother picking it up. He had planned on leaving it anyway.
He walked over to Shelly's door. He didn't want to startle her, but he needed to wake her up. He knocked on it.
"Shelly," he said, softly. "It's Adam. You have to get up."
To Adam's surprise, the door swung open. Adam jumped back. Part of him was getting ready to defend himself against those creatures. Standing there was Shelly. She was smiling at him.
"I've been up for a while," she said. "I didn't want to wake you."
"You didn't? Well…uh…thank you."
"No problem." Shelly pushed her door open more. "You can come in. I was just taking a few things out of my pack."
"You were taking them out?"
"Yeah. Things that I didn't really need. We're going to be travelling for a while, right? So I don't want to carry too much."
Adam looked at the bed. Several of her clothes were laid across it.
"I figure that I can pick stuff up along the way if I need it," Shelly continued. "There'll be lots of stuff out there. Things from department stores, from supermarkets, from houses. We won't need to carry much."
He had thought the same thing before he left his apartment. But, yesterday, in his shocked and tired state, he had forgotten about it. They had put a lot of things in her pack.
 He looked at the young girl and found it hard to believe that she was only eleven. It seemed like such a mature thought, one that someone her age shouldn't have had. She should've wanted to take more.
"Let me just take out a few more things," she added as she walked back to the bed and pulled out a few more clothes. "There, I think that'll do."
"Are you sure? It looks like you've taken out a lot."
"I don't need this stuff. Just a few shirts. A sweater. And a couple of things I don't want to leave behind. I'll be fine."
At this, Adam thought about his book. That was something he was going to leave behind. He didn't feel too upset by it. If anything, it was just a slight question as to whether or not he was doing the right thing that crossed his mind.
"There's one more thing," Shelly added.
Adam tilted his head. She had spoken a little unsure of herself.
"What is it?" he asked.
"My father has a gun."
"A gun?"
"In his bedroom. In the closet. I think we should take it."
Adam thought about it. He had wanted to try to find one earlier, but hadn't wanted to look through the apartments. Of course, if they came across one of those creatures, or met another guy like Sam, it would be good to have.
"I don't know," he said. He had never shot one before. He didn't know how to. More than that, he wasn't sure if he could kill anyone.
"We need to take it," Shelly said, picking up on his hesitation. "I don't want to kill anyone, either. But we may need it."
Again, Adam looked at the young girl. She seemed so much more mature than he had been at that age.
"Okay," he said. "I'll go get the gun."
Shelly shook her head. "It's okay," she said. "I'll do it."
"But your parents."
Shelly raised her hand. "They're dead, I know. I heard them do it. I saw them after."
Adam lowered his eyes. He still couldn't believe that she had had to experience such a thing.
"I really don't mind," he said.
Again, she shook her head. "No, I want to do it."
Shelly left her backpack on the bed and walked out of the room.

*

Shelly came to her parents room. She had only looked inside yesterday, but that had seemed like such a long time ago. She didn't really want to see her parents again. She knew that they were dead. She knew how they had done it. They had clawed away at one another until they both died. No, she definitely didn't want to see them again. But this was something that she needed to do.
She put her hand on the door knob and almost pulled back.
There was nothing to worry about, she told herself. They were dead.
She turned the knob and pushed at the door. As it opened, Shelly was able to see her mother and father lying on the floor. She looked again at their faces. The blood had started to dry. Their expressions had remained the same. They both looked angry.
Shelly took a moment to prepare herself and entered the room.
She quickly made her way to the closet. Although she wanted to take a closer look at her parents, she knew that it wasn't a good idea. What would she gain from it? It was better to remember them as they were.
She opened the closet door, sliding it sideways. Then she looked at her mother and father's clothes. Things that they had worn. Things that...
No, it didn't do any good to think about it.
She bent down, grabbed a stool from near the end of her parents' bed and stood on it. On the tips of her toes, she reached up for the gun. It was difficult to reach. The box was pushed far back against the wall.
Eventually, her hands came upon the handle.
She pulled the box forward and slid it off of the shelf. It fell, much heavier than she had expected. She had never actually lifted the box before. It pulled against her arm. She managed to stop it from falling to the floor.
Shelly got off the stool and turned around. She didn't bother to close the closet door.
Without looking at her parents, she left the room.

*

"Here you go," she said, holding up the gun box before her.
Adam was standing by her parents' bedroom door. He had anxiously been waiting for her. He hated the idea of her seeing the dead bodies in there, but she had been adamant about it and he didn't want to stop her from doing it. It was obvious that she needed to deal with all that had happened in her own way and he didn't want to hinder that.
"Are you okay?" he asked. He didn't bother looking at the box, yet.
Shelly nodded and walked over to the kitchen table. She put the gun box on top of it.
Adam looked at it now. It was big and black. There was a lock on the front of it.
"Do you know the combination?" Adam asked.
"Yes. It's 10-22."
"10-22?"
"My mother's birthday."
"Oh," was all that Adam could say.
Shelly pressed her finger against the dials and moved the numbers into place. Before long, she opened it.
Adam and Shelly looked down at the gun. Adam had never seen one before, so he really didn't even know what he was looking at. Shelly did.
"It's a 9mm," she said.
"A 9mm?" He had heard the expression before, though he didn't know exactly what it meant.
"It's the size of the bullet," Shelly explained.
Adam looked at her, a bit embarrassed. It seemed like something a guy should know.
"I see," he said. "Do you know how to use it?"
"A bit. My dad showed me a few times. I never actually did it on my own."
"Oh…well, I'm sure we will figure it out. Should we take the whole box?"
"No. If we need the gun, we won't have time to search through the box."
"You're right," Adam said. Again, he felt a little embarrassed. He should have thought of that himself. He looked again at Shelly. So mature.
Shelly looked at Adam and smiled. She could tell that he was feeling a bit awkward and she didn't want him to. She handed him the gun.
"I think that you should take it," she said.
Adam grabbed the gun. He raised his hand up and down a few times testing the weight. 
"Okay," he said. "I'll put it in my backpack."
"Take this too." Shelly handed him a box of ammunition.
"Thanks."
He headed into the living room and placed the gun carefully into his backpack. He hadn't loaded the gun, yet - he didn't even know how to - but couldn't help but be cautious about it.
Shelly walked back into her room and grabbed her backpack.
"I'm ready to leave whenever you are," she said when she came back out.
"Let's leave now."
Adam and Shelly walked to the front door.
Before they reached it Shelly stopped him by putting her hand on his arm. He turned to look at her.
"By the way," she said. "It's my birthday in three weeks."
Chapter 3
Claire heard a sound and woke up. She looked around the garage expecting to see Big Mike. He usually came in in the morning to talk to her - to taunt her. She waited for him to arrive. He didn't come.
Claire continued to look around. She tried to listen. There was nothing now. But she was sure that she had heard something before.
She waited. Then she heard the sound again. It was banging, as though someone was trying to get into the gas station.
Claire couldn't believe it. She was overcome with relief. With hope. Someone was here! She was sure that they would save her.
"Help!" she tried to scream out. Her throat was dry and her voice came out as nothing more than a squeak. "Help," she tried again. She knew that no one would be able to hear her like this.
She started rattling the handcuffs. They clanged against the metal desk. Not loud enough to attract the newcomer.
She had to get his attention. This may be her only chance to escape.
"Help," she screamed once more, her voice still weak.
Then she saw a bottle of water. It was one of the few things that Big Mike let her have. She picked it up and drank heavily until her throat felt better. She tried once more. "Help!" She was louder this time, but still not loud enough.
She raised the bottle. Instead of drinking it, she threw it at the window in front of her. It twirled through the air before it bounced off of the glass, making a soft thump.
The banging stopped.
Claire was sure that she had been heard. Now she'd be able to get out of here. She waited for the person to approach.
When she saw him walk in front of the garage window she knew that this was her chance. It was real. It was going to happen. The man moved slowly, his eyes darting in every direction trying to find what had made the noise.
Claire started rattling her handcuff against the desk again.
"HELP!"
The man saw her. He cocked his head and looked at her intensely. Then he let out a huge scream.
Claire sat up and tried to pull away. She knew immediately that it was one of those things. And she had nowhere to go. She was trapped.
The thing continued to yell. It began hitting the windows. Its hands smashed against them violently. Claire was sure that they would break at any moment. She didn't know what to do. What she had once thought might her salvation, might actually be her death.
She pulled at the handcuffs again. They only rattled. She tugged harder. They wouldn't budge.
The thing kept hitting and hitting and hitting. She knew that it was going to get in soon, that it was going to kill her.
Then there was a blast. Claire saw the thing's head snap back and it fell to the ground. She heard footsteps shuffle along the gravel outside.
Big Mike stepped in front of the window, shotgun in his hands.
"That's the second time I've saved you," he said.
He tapped the shotgun against the window twice and smiled.
Chapter 4
It didn't take long for Adam and Shelly to walk down the stairwell. Adam felt much better about it this time too. He wasn't as nervous. Sure, he kept expecting something to pop out and grab at him. And he still wasn't sure where Sam had run off to. That man was a threat. But it felt a lot better having company; even if it was an eleven year old girl.
Adam pushed open the door and they came out onto the street. It was bright and he had to cover his eyes. More than that, he had to cover his nose and mouth.
"It smells...sour," he said.
Shelly had covered her nose and mouth as well.
"What is it?" she asked.
Adam looked out in front him. The dead lay everywhere. Most of their limbs had been torn from their bodies and scattered about. Stomachs were pulled open. Necks ripped. Blood was everywhere.
"That," Adam said. He pointed at the mess.
Shelly looked at it. Absorbing it all. Relating it to the death of her own parents.
Adam looked at her. He should have known better than to point out the carnage to her. He just hadn't been thinking.
"I'm sorry," he said. "I shouldn't have said anything."
"I would have seen it anyway. And…I saw my parents."
Adam thought of the bloody room upstairs. He couldn't believe what Shelly had witnessed.
"You know," he said. "The worst thing I saw at your age was a dead cat. It had been run over by a car. It's head was splattered..."
He stopped speaking. Shelly was looking up at him, sadly.
"I'm sorry," he said. "I wasn't thinking again."
She smiled weakly. "Don't worry about it."
They both continued to look out over the dead bodies. Then Shelly grabbed Adam's hand.
"We should go," she said.
"You're right," he said. "Let's get out of here."

*

Adam and Shelly walked along the city streets. They couldn't believe how many bodies were lying around everywhere. All brutally killed.
"What do you think happened?" Shelly asked.
"I don't know," Adam admitted. "Does it matter?"
"I guess not. I was just curious. What do you think it could've been?"
Adam wasn't sure that he wanted to talk about it. He had no idea what could have caused such a thing to happen. Plus, he wanted to keep his mind focused on the street, on any danger that loomed near.
"You have no idea?" Shelly continued.
"It was probably something to do with the government," Adam finally offered.
"Like a gas or something they created?"
"Yeah, like that."
"I saw that in a movie once," Shelly said. "All of these people had changed into these crazy zombies and started killing everyone. They would eat them once they were dead."
Adam turned to look at her.
"You saw that?" he asked. "You're too young to be watching movies like that."
She smirked. "Yeah, I guess so." After a pause she added: "It was a lot less worse than this."
"I guess you're right about that."
Adam put his hand back up to cover his nose and mouth. They were coming upon another bad smelling area. Every so often the smell dissipated, but it always came back.
When they passed through it, he turned to the young girl. "What do you think it was?" he asked.
"Aliens?" she said, shrugging her shoulders.
"Really? You believe in that stuff?"
"Not really," she admitted. "But it might be as good an explanation as any. Or maybe it was something natural."
"What do you mean 'natural'? Something already within us?"
"That's possible, I guess. What I meant was something that came out of the Earth. Like the gas that we were talking about. But not created by the government. Something that just existed and finally came out."
Again, Adam was impressed by Shelly's ideas. They sounded plausible enough.
"Maybe," he said. He was sure that they'd never really know the answer.
Shelly shrugged her shoulders. "Yeah, maybe," she agreed.
The two continued to walk.

*

Before they got much further, Adam stopped and put his hand on Shelly's arm. The action startled her, but she didn't pull away. She knew that he had seen something serious. She paused to look at him.
Adam put his finger to his lips. He motioned for them to crouch down by a car.
Once they were there, he whispered, "Don't move."
Shelly looked around. She didn't know what had gotten him so worried.
"What is it?" she asked.
He put his finger back to his lips. "Over there," he whispered. With his other hand, he pointed down the street.
There was a man, stumbling around the dead bodies. From this distance, it was difficult to know if it was one of the creatures or not. But it was always better to be careful.
They watched the man move around. His feet stepped over the bodies. He kicked a few of them as he passed. Then he stopped. His head swivelled from side to side. He seemed to be listening for something.
Adam and Shelly each held their breath and waited.
The man let out a wild howl.
It was one of the creatures, after all.
Adam continued to keep his finger pressed to his lips, even though Shelly didn't have any intention of talking. He motioned for her to stay still. She hadn't even thought of moving, either.
The creature continued to scream. It raised its fists into the air and starting thrashing them about wildly. Then he fell on top of one of the bodies and began beating it. His fists crashed down. Adam and Shelly could hear the thumps against the dead flesh.
Neither Adam or Shelly knew what to do. They were both terrified and wanted to run, but they knew that that would attract the creature. They could probably make it into one of the buildings. Though it would be risky. What if the door was locked? Or if there were some other creatures in there. All of the alternatives seemed bleak.
They decided to sit it out and watch.
The creature continued bashing away on the corpse. When it stopped, it lowered its hands into the corpse and began pulling out its insides. Neither Adam and Shelly had ever seen intestines before, but they knew that that's what was coming out of the dead body.
The creature put it into his mouth and began chewing. Blood ran down his chin and covered his cheeks. His white face was soon completely dark. He continued to eat.
Adam felt like covering Shelly's eyes. She shouldn't be seeing this. Unfortunately, he didn't want to make any motions that would attract the creature. Besides, she had seen worse - she had seen her dead parents.
"What should we do?" Shelly asked quietly.
Adam looked around the area. He really didn't know.
"We should wait," he guessed.
Shelly nodded her head and looked back that the creature. It continued to eat, the intestines wrapping themselves over its shoulders.
"It'll be okay," he assured her. They both knew that it was an empty promise. There wasn't much that they would be able to do if the creature were to attack. Sure, they could fight back. But that definitely didn't mean that things would be okay.
Then Adam thought about the gun. It was in his backpack, unloaded. He didn't know much about it and he didn't want to have to use it, but in situations like this he didn't have a choice. The only problem was that he couldn't take it out now. How stupid of him! He'd make sure to take it out once they got out of this...if they got out of this.
The creature kept on eating. And, before long, it stopped. It looked around, listening again. It frightened Adam and Shelly because they hadn't heard a thing.
The creature continued to search around before it stood up. It lifted its head back, screamed and started to run. It headed straight toward the car where Adam and Shelly were hiding.
"Damn," Adam breathed.
The two wanted to run, except they still didn't know where they would go. They stuck to their positions and watched the creature as it approached. It didn't seem to be looking at them. But it was still coming on.
"Get ready to run," Adam said.
"Where?"
"I don't know. Just follow me."
"Maybe it'd be best if we split up. It couldn't follow both of us."
"No," Adam said, a little more forcefully than he had meant to. "We stick together." He grabbed Shelly's hand.
The creature came closer, its arms swinging wildly above its head.
Closer...
Closer...
It passed by the car.
The creature continued to yell as it ran off down one of the streets. It hadn't seen Adam and Shelly after all.
They both let loose a sigh of relief. Yet neither of them could move. Adam's hand was clutched tightly around the young girl's. He looked down and noticed it.
"I'm sorry," he said, releasing his grip.
Shelly looked down at her hand. She could see white strips where his fingers had been squeezing her.
"It's okay," she said. "I hadn't noticed."
Finally, they both stood up.
"I think it's okay now," Adam said.
"Maybe not 'okay', but at least that thing is gone."
Adam nodded. She was right about that.
"Let's get going," he said.
This time, Shelly grabbed his hand. And the two continued on their way.
Chapter 5
Adam and Shelly walked for a few hours and still hadn't managed to get out of the city. They had a long way to go. And it was going to get dark soon.
"We should find some place to stay the night," Adam said.
Shelly looked around. They had moved into a more residential area. They were no longer surrounded by large buildings, but by old beautiful houses.
"What about over there?" she said. She pointed to a nice red brick house. There was white trimming around all of the windows. Somewhat like a cake.
"Okay," Adam said. "But we'll have to be careful."
It seemed like a pointless thing to say. Of course they had to be careful. They hadn't run into any of the creatures since the afternoon, but they were always looking around, being watchful.
The two walked over to the old house and stopped at the front porch.
"We should check around it, just to make sure everything's okay," Shelly suggested.
Adam nodded his head.
Neither of them liked being outside. It wasn't necessarily any more dangerous than going into a strange house. But there was something about being in the open that didn't feel safe. Now that it was starting to get dark, it felt even worse.
Adam took hold of Shelly's hand.
"Follow me." He led her to the side of the house. There was a tiny alley between the house and the one beside it. They stood looking down it. "Come on."
They started to walk slowly, both keeping watch in every direction. They searched up and down the walls. Their eyes scanned forward and back. They made sure not to talk or make a sound so they could hear everything.
Once they made it to the backyard, they found that it was guarded by a mesh fence. Adam opened the latch and the gate swung open. It screeched loudly. They both paused and took a few deep breaths. When they decided that it was okay to move on, they went into the backyard.
It was large. And gorgeous. There was so much green grass, freshly cut. There was a patio table and chairs. There was even a little bird bath in the middle of the lawn. Two birds were sitting on it.
"It's wonderful," Shelly said, smiling.
Adam nodded his head in agreement. At the same time, he couldn't deny that something didn't feel right. He just could figure out what that something might be. The two continued to walk around to the back.
"None of the windows are broken," Shelly said. She was pointing to the windows at the back of the house. It was a little sunroom.
"They weren't broken out front, either" Adam said.
They kept walking and made it around the whole of the house. They stopped at the front porch again.
"What do you think?" Shelly asked.
"It looks okay," Adam said. But there was still something strange about it.
"Should we go in?"
Adam looked at the girl and nodded his head. "I guess so," he said. "But we have to be careful."
Shelly chuckled. "You don't have to keep telling me that, you know."
Adam could feel his face turn red. "I just don't want anything to happen to you," he admitted.
"Thank you." She squeezed his hand.
Adam led Shelly up the front porch. Their feet sounded loud against the wood, even though they tried to remain quiet. They went straight to the front door and Adam put his hand on the door knob. Shelly stopped him before he had a chance to open it.
"Maybe we should look in the windows first," she said.
"In the windows?"
"Yeah, we should look in them. Make sure that there are none of those things inside."
Adam let go of the door knob. It was a good idea. One that he probably should have thought of.
He walked to the front window. Shelly followed him. They paused before they looked inside.
Adam peered down at his companion. "Ready?"
"Uh-huh."
They looked in the window. Everything inside was in perfect order. There was a television. A bookcase. A desk. A sofa. A chair. None of it had been disturbed.
"It looks fine," Shelly said. "I don't think there's anyone in there."
Adam agreed.
They went back to the front door. Once more, Adam grabbed the door knob and turned it.
It wouldn't move. He let out a sigh.
"I should have known," he said.
"Known what?"
"It's locked."
"So, what do we do now?"
"We could break the window."
Shelly shook her head. "What? Here? I don't think that's a good idea."
"What else can we do?"
"We can go around back. At least there's a fence back there, it'll give us some cover."
"You're right," Adam said; again, a bit bothered that he hadn't thought of it.
"But we'll have to be careful," Shelly added.
A chuckle came to his lips. "Of course."
The two made their way around to the back of the house. They weren't as nervous doing it the second time. They came up to the sunroom.
"We'll just have to break this small window near the door knob," Adam said.
"Just be quick about it," Shelly said, looking out around the backyard, making sure that there weren't any of the creatures around.
Adam moved closer to the window and picked up a small shovel from the garden. He turned it around so that the wooden handle was facing the window.
"You'll have to stand back."
Shelly did as she was told.
Then, without taking any time to second guess himself, he smashed the window. There was a loud crash and the window fell to the floor, making a soft tinkling sound as it did.
Both Adam and Shelly paused. Every time they made a sound, they expected the worse. They waited to hear the screaming, the rushing of feet, an attack.
Nothing.
Adam reached in and unlocked the door. They quickly made their way into the sunroom and shut the door behind them.
Inside, the room was very quiet. A strange sort of quiet. As though all of the sound had been vacuumed out of it.
Adam and Shelly looked at each other. He couldn't mask his feeling of apprehension any longer. He kept feeling as though something wasn't right. He just didn't know what it was. Maybe he was expecting to be attacked at any moment. Maybe there was someone waiting for him on the other side of the door. He just didn't know. He tried to wish it away.
He walked over to the back door of the house and tried the door knob. As with the others, it was locked.
"I'll have to break this window too," he said.
He raised the small shovel again and smashed it through the window. There was another loud crash and more tinkling as the window broke inward and came down upon the kitchen floor.
Adam had to stand on the tips of his toes this time to reach in through the window. It was difficult for him to make out much on the other side. But he didn't have a choice. He put his hand through the broken window and began to search for the lock. His fingers searched rapidly over the door. All the while, he felt as though something was going to grab him at any moment. He knew that something was going to...
His fingers came upon the lock. He twisted it and heard it click. He quickly pulled back his hand and turned the door handle. The door swung open.
Adam stuck his head inside and took a look around. He couldn't see any of the creatures. He couldn't hear them, either.
"I think it's safe," he said.
Adam and Shelly entered.
Then Adam held his hand up to stop Shelly from moving in any further.
"Wait a minute," he said
"What is it?"
"Just listen."
Aside from the usual hisses and creaks, there was nothing out of the ordinary in the house.
"I think it's okay," Shelly said.
"I don't know," Adam said. He still couldn't shake the feeling that there was something wrong.
They went in anyway and closed the door behind them. Adam locked it.
Slowly, they walked into the living room. They could see the big bay window standing before them.
"I really don't think anyone is here," Shelly said. "Maybe the owners were out when everything happened."
Adam shrugged. It was still possible. But there was still that nagging suspicion.
Then it hit him. Adam knew why it felt strange. They were in a house that he knew was safe. And, while that was good, over the past little while Adam had come to expect only bad things. It was a strange feeling to be wrong about that.

*

Adam and Shelly checked the house. They walked up and down the hallways. They looked in all of the rooms. There was no one else around. For the moment, they were safe.
They walked into the kitchen. Both were hungry and needed something to eat. It had been a long day.
Adam opened the refrigerator. It was no longer cold, but he could see that most of the food was still okay.
"Here's some juice," he said. "And some apples."
Shelly looked over. She had been looking through some of the cabinets.
"I've found some cereal and chips," she said. "A few other things too."
Adam pulled out the juice. He checked some of the other cabinets and found two glasses. He filled them.
"Here you go," he said, handing Shelly a glass.
She took it and drank it quickly. It was warm. Which didn't matter. It still tasted good.
Adam watched her drink, amazed at how quickly she finished. He laughed.
"Taste good?" he asked.
"Yeah," she said, gasping.
"Want some more?"
"Yeah."
Adam laughed even more at this. He poured her another drink. Then he took a sip from his own glass. It did taste good. He decided to chug his quickly too.
This time, Shelly laughed at him.
"Taste good?" she asked.
Adam nodded his head.
"How about something to eat?" Shelly walked back over to the cabinets and pulled out a bag of pretzels.
Adam went over and took a handful. "We'll need to eat something better than this," he said. "Something with a little bit more nutrition."
Shelly agreed. But she dug her hand into the bag and pulled out a handful anyway.
Chapter 6
Jane continued to make her way through the forest until she heard something moving in the bushes again. Leaves and twigs rustled. She didn't think that it was the deer this time.
Her legs stopped and wouldn't bring her further in any direction. Not even away from the noise. She wasn't even sure that she wanted to move. She was nervous and didn't want to make a sound. Obviously, whatever was nearby didn't know that she was there. She wanted it to stay that way.
She heard some more sounds. This time, it sounded like grunting. Maybe sniffing.
She tightened her grip on the bat and took a better look around.
A little ways away, Jane could see something moving in the brush. From here, it looked like a small animal. She breathed a sigh of relief. She could handle little animals.
She kept hold of the bat and walked over to the tiny creature.
From where she was, Jane could only see a black shape. Maybe it was a raccoon. Or a squirrel. She hoped that it wasn't a skunk. She took a few more steps forward. Her feet made their way quietly across the ground.
When she got closer, Jane bent down to get a better look. She still couldn't make it out. It was definitely something small. It was scrambling around.
She took a more few steps and stopped when she could make out the creature.
To her surprise, it wasn't an animal at all. It was a small child - a little girl. She was on her belly, searching for something on the ground. Jane was afraid to approach in case it was another one of those things. But she didn't want to leave a child alone, especially if it wasn't.
The little girl continued to grunt, but stopped as soon as she heard Jane approach. She turned around, raised her hand and waved.
"Hello," she said.
Jane looked closer at the little girl. She didn't know what to make of her.
 "What are you doing out here?" Jane asked.
The little girl looked around. "Out here? What's wrong with out here?"
Jane was confused. It seemed like the little girl had no idea about what had been going on. She didn't seem frightened in the least.
"Are you alone?" Jane asked.
"Alone? Why no, I'm not alone, silly goose."
Jane's mouth dropped open at that name - silly goose. It was the same thing that she used to call her daughter. It brought back memories of her precious Becky and pain at the thought of losing her. It took her a moment before she could push herself to talk again. The little girl had said that she wasn't alone. That meant that there were other survivors.
"Where are your parents?" Jane asked. She stepped closer to the little girl. The little girl laughed.
"Oh, silly goose," she said again, "you're my parent. Don't you know that?"
Jane didn't know what to say. Clearly the little girl was confused. Maybe she was hurt.
"Is everything okay?" Jane asked. "Did you hurt yourself?"
The little girl's eyes opened wide. She pointed at herself. "Hurt myself? Why, no! Why would you ask that, you silly goose?"
"Why do you keep calling me that?"
"Because you are a silly goose. You're my silly goose, mommy."
Jane looked closer at the little girl. She still didn't know what the little girl was talking about, but she did start to see something similar between her and her daughter. There was a look in her eyes that her daughter had had.
No, she was being ridiculous. "My daughter is dead," Jane said.
"Dead?" the little girl countered. "I'm not dead. How could a dead person do this?" Jane watched as the young girl started dancing around. She swung her hands back and forth, kicked her legs up and down, then spun and came to a stop. "Dead people can't do that!"
Jane didn't know what to say. She didn't understand what was happening. She continued to look at the little girl.
"It's me, mommy," the little girl said. "Really, it's me - Becky."
Jane almost fell to her knees at the sound of her daughter's name. "You're not my daughter. My daughter is dead."
"Oh, mommy, I'm not dead!"
"You're not my daughter," Jane said again. A little louder this time.
"Yes, I am."
"No, you're not!"
At that, the little girl started to cry. Jane felt a moment of regret and she wanted to go over and console the child, but she was still startled by what she had heard. How could she know Becky's name? Why would she call her a silly goose?
The girl looked up at her through the little fingers covering her face. "You don't love me anymore, do you?" she asked. "Mommy doesn't love her silly little goose."
"Stop saying that!" Jane screamed. Any feeling of remorse she had felt left her with the young girl's words. "Stop it!"
"Oh, mommy, you don't love me!"
The child raised its balled fists up to its eyes and started to cry. It didn't sound real, though. Jane knew that the child was simply joking, pretending to be sad. Eventually the little girl stopped. She removed her hands and put them down by her side.
"You have to believe me," the little girl continued. "It's me, it's me. It's really ME!"
Jane shook her head. "No, it's not. My daughter is dead."
"Oh, mommy, it's me. Really!"
Jane didn't respond. She looked at the little girl and wondered if she had been wrong. She was sure that her baby girl had died. Or, at least, she thought that she had. Maybe her daughter had escaped. She might not have been affected at all.
Then another thought occurred to Jane. "But you can speak and my little girl couldn't. My Becky was too young."
The little girl laughed. "Come on, mommy. I've been talking for years! Don't you remember?"
Jane couldn't. She was sure that her daughter hadn't learned to speak.
Could she be wrong about that too?
"No," Jane decided. "You're not my daughter." She turned to walk away.
There was laughter. Then that turned to crying. Real this time. Jane tried her best to ignore it. She couldn't. She turned around. The child was lying on the ground. Her hands pressed to her face. Jane walked back over to the little girl.
"You're not real," Jane said.
This time, the little girl didn't reply. She just looked up at Jane and began sucking her thumb. She gurgled a few times. That was all.
Jane didn't know what was happening. Was it possible that she had made the whole thing up? That this was her daughter? It looked like her. Sounded like her. It had to be.
Jane took a few steps closer. The little girl continued to cry. It pained Jane to see her child this way. She bent down beside her.
"It's okay," Jane said. "I'm here, now."
The little girl looked up at Jane. Becky looked up at her mother. Her big eyes opened wider. She continued to suck her thumb. Jane patted the girl's head. She pressed her hair down.
"Shhhh, shhhh, shhhh," Jane said. "It's okay. Mommy's here."
The child continued to cry, but her sobs were becoming less and less. Jane continued to rub her hand over the child's head. She also started to hum a song to her. It was a song that her own mother had used to sing. Becky used to love it.
"There now," Jane said. "Are you feeling better?"
Jane put both of her hands around her daughter and picked her up. The little girl was cold. Her clothes were wet. She held the little girl tightly against her.
"Mommy's sorry," Jane said. "I was scared. Confused. I'm okay now."
She ran her hand softly up and down the Becky's back. Then she stood up and began rocking from side to side.
"Mommy's so sorry," she said again. "I love you so much."
Jane tilted her neck and looked down at her daughter.
"I love you, too," the little girl replied. Then Becky opened her mouth as wide as possible and took a bit out of her mother's exposed neck.

*

Jane snapped out of it and found that she was kneeling in the forest. She searched for the little girl, for her daughter. There was no one else around.
It took a while to calm herself down, but eventually she did. She looked around again. She could see the sun still shining over the tops of the trees. She rubbed her hand across her forehead.
She could picture her daughter lying there. She could see her arms wrapped around the child. She could feel the young girl's little body against her own.
None of it had been real. She knew the truth. Her daughter was dead. And she'd never get to touch her again.
Chapter 7
Jane was unsure of where she was. None of it looked familiar.
She looked at the spot where she had seen her daughter. Or where she had thought that she had seen her. It had been nothing more than her imagination. A hallucination. Maybe because she hadn't had much water or anything to eat.
Whatever the case, she didn't want to stay there anymore. She had to keep moving.
She started to walk.
As she did, the image of her daughter came back to her. Not the young baby who she had known, but the grown daughter, the one who had come to her in the forest.
There was also the dream she had had of her husband. Of Phil. On their wedding day. Biting into her lips.
The images scared her. And upset her. She didn't want to think of her family that way. They had been wonderful people. People that she had loved. She didn't want her memories of them tarred by what they had become. Those creatures. Those things. Those weren't her darling Phil and her beautiful Becky.
She continued to walk and tried not to think. It hurt her too much to do so. Her loving husband. Her sweet daughter.
No...she couldn't do this to herself. She needed to stop.
Jane started to walk faster. The trees brushed by her, pulled at her arms. At times, she thought that they were hands reaching out to grab her, but that was just her imagination again. It had to be. There was nothing out here. Nothing to hurt her.
She picked up her pace. Her heart rate followed. Her breathing became heavy.
She kept trying to push the images of her husband and daughter away.
And her neighbour, Harold. She had taken a shovel to the young man's head and smashed it. She had hit him over and over and over.
No, she thought. Stop thinking about those things!
She continued to walk. Almost run. Harold's wrecked face kept appearing before her. It taunted her. Haunted her.
That hadn't been Harold. That had been one of those things.
She made her way through the trees. They kept pulling at her. She kept pushing on. She couldn't stop. She had to keep going. She needed to get out. She needed to...
"Hey!" someone called to her. "Where are you going?"
Jane wasn't sure if she had actually heard anything, but she stopped and turned. She saw a person standing off to the side. Too far way to see clearly, she knew enough that it was a man.
"Where are you going?" he asked again.
"Me...I'm..." Jane didn't know what to say. Her mind had been racing. The man had taken her off guard.
He lifted his hands, palms out toward her. "Relax," he said. "Just tell me where you're going."
"I...I...I don't know."
"What are you doing out here?"
Jane tried to gain her composure. She was still breathing heavily and she had started to sweat.
"I was trying to get away," she said finally.
"Away? From who?"
The question seemed strange. From who? From all of those people who had changed. From everyone who was trying to kill her!
"From my husband," she said. "He changed."
The man shook his head and tsked. "Your husband changed? How?"
"He turned into one of those things."
"Things?"
"You know, those people who have gone crazy, who started attacking each other."
The man tsked again. "I don't think so," he said. "Maybe it's you that's changed."
"What?" She didn't understand why the man was arguing with her. "Me? No, it was my husband. And my daughter. I saw them."
The man took a step closer.
"You did?" he asked. "Are you sure?"
"Yes, I'm sure! Haven't you seen these things? These people that changed."
"There you go again with the word change. I haven't seen anything out of the ordinary. Nothing at all."
"But the news. I saw that in the city..."
"They city?" the man cut her off. "No, no one has changed. Only you."
"No! It's not me. It's them. It's my family. My husband. My daughter. They've all changed."
The man came closer. "I'm your husband, Jane. I haven't changed, have I?"
Jane took a good look at the man. Standing before her was her husband. It was Phil. She didn't know what was happening to her. She grabbed at her head. She must be hallucinating again. This was all a dream.
"No," she said. "You're dead. You and Becky."
The man laughed.
"You mean her?" he asked. He pointed to a little girl walking out of the trees. Jane stared at her. It was Becky. Not the daughter that she had known, but the Becky from her dream. The one who had talked to her. The one who had danced for her.
"This is a dream," Jane said.
"A dream? I don't think so, Jane. Just relax."
Phil kept his hands raised and took a few more steps closer. Jane moved back.
"Stay away!" she said. "Leave me alone."
"Mommy?" Jane turned. It was the little girl. Her daughter. Becky. "Mommy, are you okay?"
Jane pulled away from her too.
"Stay away from me!" she shouted. "You're not real. You're not!"
"Jane," Phil said. "Look at us. We're real. You're not well. Something's wrong."
Jane looked at her husband. He looked exactly as she had remembered. He wasn't angry. He wasn't trying to attack her. He was just talking. And that thing hadn't been able to talk.
"Is it really you?" she asked. She felt herself beginning to relax. Maybe her husband was right. She might have thought up the whole thing.
Phil smiled in a comforting grin that melted her heart. "Of course it's me! Just relax. We're going to get you help."
"You are?"
"Yes, mommy," Becky said. "We're going to get you help."
"Just come over here," Phil added.
Jane took a few steps toward him. He walked toward her too. Then, when she was close enough, he raised out his arm and put it on her shoulder.
"There, there," he said. He pulled his wife into an embrace. Becky came up and hugged her from behind.
Jane started to cry. It felt good to be with her family again. She looked down at her daughter. She was smiling up at her. She looked at her husband. He was still smiling too.
"I've missed you," Jane said.
"And we've missed you," Phil replied. "We never want you to leave us again."
Phil moved his face forward and kissed Jane on the cheek. She felt his lips press against her skin. It felt nice. For a moment. It didn't take her long to realize that there was something wrong. His lips were too cold. Too stiff.
She turned to look at him.
"You're never going to leave us again," he said, smiling. This time, his lip curled upward into a snarl.
Jane tried to pull away, but Phil wouldn't let go. Her daughter was still behind her, hugging her. Jane looked down.
"You can't leave us, mommy," her daughter said. "Never again." She was snarling as well.
Jane slapped frantically at her husband. He started laughing. Her daughter did too. Jane tried to wiggle free. She couldn't move.
"Let me go!" she screamed.
"You're never going to leave us again," her husband repeated.
"You can't leave us, mommy," he daughter added. "You can't. You can't!" Becky's voice dropped into something more like a growl.
At that moment, Jane remembered her baseball bat. She could fight off her husband with it. But it was no longer in her hands. She didn't know where she had left it. She couldn't remember leaving it behind anywhere.
"Stop," Jane said.
"No, Jane," Phil said. "You stop. You can't leave us, honey. You just can't."
Jane hit her husband with her hands again. Her husband continued to laugh. Her daughter too.
"Oh, you silly goose," Becky said. "You can't leave us!"
Jane smashed her fist against her husband's nose. It was that that helped her break free.
She ran. Her husband and daughter chased after her.
"You can't leave us," they shouted. "You can't!"
She kept moving. The branches whipped at her face and cut her cheeks. They pulled at her clothes. This time, she didn't pay them any attention. She kept running. Her family close behind.
Although Jane didn't know where she was going, she kept pushing on. She needed to get away. Anywhere was better than here. She had to escape these two. They weren't her family. They weren't Phil and Becky. They were ghosts. Dreams. Her imagination.
She continued forward. Her heart beat wildly. Her breathing became strained. But she couldn't let herself stop. She couldn't even let herself slow down. She had to keep going. Those two were still after her. She didn't want them to catch her. She couldn't let them.
She ran and ran and ran.
Then she broke into a clearing. She could see a small town up ahead. She continued to run as fast as she could. She could no longer hear or see her family behind her, but she knew that they were there. She had to keep going.
She had to!
Jane ran onto a street. It felt strange underneath her feet. Much different from the forest ground. But she didn't spend much time thinking about it. All she knew what that she suddenly had more grip and could run faster. She kept going.
Up ahead, she saw a park. That's were she needed to go. Once she got there, she'd be safe. She was sure of it. She picked up her speed. Just a little bit more. The park came closer and closer upon her.
When she got there, she ran into it and fell down heavily beside the swings. She was tired and could barely catch her breath. But, with what little energy she had left, she managed to look back in the direction she had come. Her family was nowhere in sight. She had escaped them.
Jane let out a sigh of relief, rested her head against a bar and closed her eyes.
Chapter 8
Adam came through the doorway into the bedroom. He was wearing an expensive tuxedo and a top hat. He was also holding a cane. They had found a closet full of clothing and had thought it would be fun to try them on.
"What do you think of this?" he asked.
Shelly laughed. It wasn't that he looked bad. She just didn't think of him as the tuxedo-type.
"What's the matter?" he continued. "I think I look great!"
"Yeah, well…"
"Well, nothing. I look fantastic!"
Shelly laughed again.
"And what about what you're wearing?" Adam pointed at Shelly's clothes.
She was wearing an expensive evening gown. Even though it was far too large for her, she had wanted to try it on. It had looked so elegant. Like something she had seen celebrities wearing at an award show or gala, something for the red carpet.
Shelly looked down at her dress. "There's nothing wrong with this. It's just a little bit big."
"A little big? You look like you've been dropped in by parachute."
She was lying on the bed, the dress fanned out around her. The corners of her lips dropped and Adam could see that she didn't like his comment. He felt guilty for making it.
"I was only joking," he said. "You really do look beautiful."
Shelly looked up. "I do?"
"Of course! Now stand up and let's get a better look."
Shelly got off of the bed. She had to hold onto the top of the dress to stop it from falling off of her shoulders. She held it tightly. Then she spun around a few times. Adam smiled. He could tell that the dress made her happy. He definitely felt bad at telling her that it was too big for her - even though it was.
"Come here," he said. He held out his hand. Shelly went over to him and grabbed it. He bowed. "May I have this dance?"
Shelly looked at him. It was one of the very few times that he had seen her look nervous.
"There's no music," she said. "We can't dance without music."
"That's not a problem."
Adam began singing a song. It wasn't one that Shelly had ever heard before, but that didn't matter. He had a nice voice and it sounded sweet.
Shelly accepted.
As he put his hand around her waist, Adam realised how small Shelly really was. And how young. Although she acted mature for her age, she was still somewhat of a child. He almost pulled away from her at the thought of it, but he knew that this was making her happy and, right now, that's all that he wanted to do. He kept his hand there and began swaying back and forth. Shelly followed his lead. He even spun her around a few times. He could tell that she loved it.
When he finished singing, Shelly sat down heavily onto the bed.
"I've never really danced with anyone before," she admitted.
He looked down at her. He still couldn't believe that she was so young.
She hadn't even danced with anyone before!
And that man had been going to...
Adam stopped thinking about it. He smiled at Shelly.
"Well," he said. "You're a wonderful dancer."
Shelly blushed. It was hard to see because the room was nearly completely dark by now, but Adam could make it out.
"Thank you," she said.
Adam bowed.
"No," he said. "Thank you."
Shelly giggled and laid down, staring up at the darkened roof.

*

Later, Adam got out of his tuxedo and changed into his own clothes. Shelly kept laying there in the evening dress. He knew that she didn't want to take it off just yet. And there wasn't a problem with that. She would have to take it off when they left, though. That much was for sure.
"You okay?" he asked.
Shelly raised her head. "Yeah," she said. "Just thinking."
"Wanna talk about it?"
"Not tonight. Maybe another time."
"You sure?"
"I'm sure."
Adam didn't really want to leave it at that, but he didn't want to force her to speak either.
"I'm going to go to bed," he said. "I'll be right down the hall if you need me."
There were a few rooms on the top floor of the house. Adam had chosen to taken the one at the back. Shelly had chosen the one at the front. It was the master bedroom and had a huge Queen-sized bed.
She sat up.
"Really?" she asked. "So soon?"
"Yeah. I'm pretty tired. And we have to get going pretty early."
Shelly lowered her head. "I guess you're right. We..."  She stopped speaking.
"What's the matter?"
"It's nothing."
"Tell me."
Adam could tell that she was trying to build up the courage to ask him something. He waited for her to talk.
"I know that it makes sense to leave, but couldn't we stay here a bit longer?" she eventually asked.
Adam felt that this was what she was going to ask him. He had thought of it himself too. But he knew that it wasn't a good idea. They needed to get going. The city wasn't safe. Soon it would be overrun with disease.
"We can't," he said. "I'd like to stay here too, but it isn't safe."
"Wouldn't it be okay if we stayed only a day or two longer?"
"I don't think it's a good idea. We really should get out of the city as soon as possible."
Shelly breathed out heavily. She sounded defeated. "I know. It's just..." Her words were cut off from some screaming outside.
Adam rushed to the window to see what the commotion was. It was one of the things wandering around the street. He could see it in the moonlight.
Shelly came up behind him. She put her hand on his shoulder and wanted to look out of the window as well.
Adam turned. "Don't move," he said. "You have to be very slow. It probably can't see us, but you never know. We have to be careful."
"Can I see?"
"It's just one of them," Adam explained. "You've seen them before."
The creature screamed again. Shelly clutched tightly onto Adam's shoulder. He turned around to face her. "It's okay. It doesn't know that we're here. Let's just try to get some sleep."
Adam started to lead Shelly back to the bed. But, before he was able to, he saw her glance outside of the window. He could see her face in the moonlight. She had seen the creature. Her wide eyes conveyed her worry. He grabbed her hand and pulled her away from the window.
"Come on." He led her to the bed.
Once they got there, he pulled back the covers and she got underneath. She didn't bother to remove the evening dress. Adam pulled the covers overtop of her. The creature screamed again.
"We'll be safe in here," he assured her.
She looked up at him as though she wasn't sure.
Adam wasn't all too sure himself, but he had to keep positive for her sake. He nodded his head. Then he patted down the blanket and turned to leave.
"Do you think there are many of us left?" Shelly asked, stopping him.
He turned back to face her. She had the blanket pulled up to her neck.
He wanted to lie to her, tell her that he thought they'd find a lot of survivors soon. Unfortunately, he honestly didn't know. He wasn't sure how many of them were left. And, that being said, he didn't know how many would survive even if they had. There were the creatures to worry about. There would soon be a wave of disease spreading through the city, and possibly the country. Plus, there were some bad people out there (people like Sam) who would end up killing a lot of the survivors.
"I hope so," he said. That, at least, was the truth.
"Me too."
The creature screamed again and they both looked toward the window.
"Do you think it's getting closer?" Shelly asked.
"Try not to worry about it. I don't think it'll come into the house. We'll be fine. Just get some sleep. I'll be in the other room."
He made to leave again, but Shelly stopped him once more. She reached out and grabbed his hand.
"What's the matter?" he asked.
"Can you stay with me tonight?"
"Where? In here?"
"Yes."
The suggestion surprised Adam. Shelly had been so mature during the day, so strong. He couldn't imagine her asking such a thing of him. But, as he looked at the young girl, he could tell that she was scared.
"Okay," he said.
He got into the bed with her and felt a bit strange doing so - as though he was doing something wrong. But he wasn't about to tell a frightened girl that he wasn't going to help her, that he was going to leave her alone because he felt a little weird about it. He simply couldn't do that.
The creature screamed one more time. Shelly shivered and pushed herself against Adam's body. He put his arm around her and held her closely. She felt so small and frail up against him and he felt the urge to protect her.
"Don't worry," he said.
"I won't," she replied.
"Now try to get some sleep."
"I will."
Adam kept his eyes open. He looked out of the bedroom window even though he couldn't see down onto the street.
He felt Shelly push closer against him and kiss the side of his cheek. There was nothing sexual about it. If anything, it simply made Adam feel the need to keep her safe all the more.
Chapter 9
Adam stood in his bedroom. It was his birthday. He was seven years old. He didn't want to do anything, but his mother wouldn't hear of it. She wanted to have a nice big party for her growing boy. She invited all of the children in the town to come over. They did. They all brought with them lots of presents.
It wasn't that Adam didn't like the people in his town. He just didn't have much in common with them. They were interested in cars and trucks and television. He was interested in poetry, colours, description and plot.
He had heard all of the children arrive and felt a little apprehension toward it.
His sister walked into the room. "Don't worry about it," she said. Adam looked at her, a corner of his mouth raising slightly through the worry. "Just try to have some fun with it. They'll all be gone soon enough. Then you'll have a lot of presents!"
Adam didn't find it a very uplifting speech. He knew that his sister was trying to be helpful, but it wasn't working. He didn't really want any of their presents. He knew what they'd be anyway. Toy trucks, toy cars, toy monsters, toy army figures. He didn't care about any of that stuff.
"And Ashley will be there," his sister said, smiling. She knew that Ashley had a crush on him. She always teased him about it. The thing was that he had a bit of a crush on her too. Out of all of the children that he knew, Ashley was the only one who actually asked him about his writing. He began to blush. His sister punched him lightly on the arm.
"Oh, come on," she said. "Let's get it over with."
"Okay," Adam replied. He followed his sister out of the room and downstairs.
All of the children were sitting around the living room table. It was covered in presents. They started to clap and cheer when he arrived.
He looked at his mom. She was smiling brightly, so proud of her young boy. He stood up straighter and waved to his friends.
"Happy Birthday!" they all screamed.
He smiled. A bit forced.
Then he saw Ashley. She was smiling at him too. That made him feel a bit better. His sister noticed and punched him in the arm again. He turned to face her and scowled. Only in jest.
He walked into the living room and looked at all of the faces. They were all so happy! He'd never understand them. They couldn't even tell that he didn't enjoy this type of thing. He was so different.
His mother stepped forward. "Would you like to open your presents?" she asked. The children all cheered.
"Okay." He sat down in front of the table. Presents were stacked up on top of it.
His mother handed him one. "This is from Bobby," she said. Adam acknowledged the boy and unwrapped his gift. It was a toy car. Adam smiled politely.
"Thank you," he said.
His mother handed him another and another. He had been right. They all turned out to be toys. None of which Adam wanted to play with.
The final gift was from Ashley. She handed it to him. He could feel his face redden as he took it from her. And though he tried to control it, he knew that it was only getting worse.
He looked down at the present and started to unwrap it. It felt light in his hands. He was sure that it wasn't a toy. He pulled at the wrapping paper. It peeled neatly back underneath his grip. Then he pulled the present loose.
Adam couldn't take his eyes off of it. It was a beautiful writing journal with a dark blue cover. It even came with a pen that slid into its binding.
"Thank you," he said to Ashley. This time he really meant it. Ashley looked pleased, knowing that he'd appreciate this gift more than all the others. "It's so nice."
Adam looked back at the writing journal. It felt perfect. The weight. The size. It was great! He knew that he'd easily fill the pages with countless stories. And it was from Ashley. He felt his crush develop into something more. Something he couldn't put a name to.
He sat the journal on his lap and opened it. Then he began leafing through the pages. But he stopped when he came upon something in the middle of the book. There was a red blot. He didn't know what it was.
Red ink?
He dipped his finger into it.
The red liquid stuck to his finger and came up as he pulled it away. It dripped heavily back onto the page. His finger coated. He rubbed it in between his finger and thumb. It felt thick. He wiped it on the edge of the page.
As he did, the page ripped out and fell softly to the floor.
Adam could see more of the red stuff on the next page. He touched it too and that page fell out.
Soon all of the pages began to come out of the book - each one covered in red.
He didn't know what was happening. He heard laughter.
Maybe this was some type of joke that Ashley and the other children were playing on him. He didn't understand it.
What he did know was that it wasn't nice. He felt sad as the pages continued to come out of the book. The red liquid continued to spread.
He looked at his hands. There were now covered in red. So were his pants. His lap was completely soaked. The laughter continued. Louder.
Adam didn't know what to do. He wanted to run into his room, but he didn't want to look like a baby. He wanted to cover his face with his hands, only he didn't want the red stuff on him.
Before long, all of the pages had fallen out of the book. They spread around him like over-sized rose petals. Only the blue binding was left. Though that too was stained in red.
Finally, he looked up. He needed to know what kind of joke this was. He had to know why everyone found it so funny.
Sitting around him were his friends. They continued to laugh. They were all staring at him. Even his mother and sister were in on it. Adam couldn't take it anymore.
"What's so funny?" he screamed.
Everyone began to laugh harder. Though, this time, red liquid began to drip from their mouths.
At first, he had no idea what it was. Then it dawned on him that it was blood. He looked around at all of the faces. Blood continued to flow everywhere. They continued to laugh.
He looked at Ashley. She was laughing too; blood spilling from her mouth.
Adam threw the book cover onto the ground.
More laughter.
He stood up. Everyone got up as well and surrounded him. He tried to push his way through the crowd. They wouldn't let him go. He was scared. He pushed harder. They pushed back. Then they started to close in on him.
Soon he was caught tightly in between the group. Ashley was right beside him, blood still spilling from her mouth.
Then the laughter stopped. Everyone was silent.
Adam looked around. His family and friends were standing around him, staring. Their mouths were still open, blood dripping. By now the blood had splattered across their faces. Almost completely red.
He tried to move. Couldn't budge. They had tightened themselves around him.
"What are you doing?" Adam screamed. "What's happening?"
No one replied.
"This isn't funny! Let me go."
No one moved.
"LET ME GO!!!"
Finally, Ashley moved. She was already close to him, but she moved closer. She pushed right up against him. She ran her tongue slowly across her teeth. He could tell that she was tasting the blood and enjoying it. She peered at him through the corner of her eye.
"Ashley," Adam said. "What are you doing? What's happening?"
She gurgled something. Blood bubbled out of her mouth. Adam tried to pull back but there was nowhere for him to go.
"Ashley," he said again. "Stop. Please."
She gurgled once more. Then she put her hand onto his arm. He felt her grasp him tightly. It hurt. He tried to pull away. She wouldn't let go.
Ashley brought him closer. She put her face right next to his. She gurgled in his hear. Then she stuck out her tongue and ran in along her neck.
Adam tried to pull back again.
"Please," he said.
No one was listening to him. They were too busy laughing again as Ashley bit greedily into his cheek.

*

Adam awoke. He was breathing heavily, his heart racing. He had just had a horrible dream, the details of which were quickly disappearing. His parents and sister had been in it. He hadn't thought of them much over the past few days and he felt bad about that. With all that had happened though, it had probably been just too much for him to contemplate.
He hoped they were safe. Though he knew that they probably weren't. They had likely changed. Just as Shelly's parents had. They had probably ripped themselves to pieces. He shuddered at the thought.
Maybe that's why he had blocked it out.
Then there was Ashley. He wondered what had happened to her. He hadn't thought of her in years.
He looked down at Shelly. She was nestled underneath his arm. Still asleep. Breathing softly against him.
He couldn't believe that she had seen her parents change into those creatures. She had to hear them kill each other. He didn't know what he would do if he were in that same situation. He couldn't imagine it.
He rubbed his hand up and down the young girl's back. She had been so strong and brave over the past few days.
He had told her that they needed to be up early, that they had to get out of the city as soon as possible. But she had already been through so much.
One more day wouldn't kill them.
He rubbed her back again. She nestled closer into him. It felt nice having her here. She gave him strength. And courage.
"Okay," he said quietly. "We'll stay one more day. But that's all."
Shelly didn't hear him. She was still fast asleep. Adam felt good about his decision anyway. Shelly needed a rest. Maybe he did too. At least this way he could think things through a little bit more. He knew that they needed to leave the city. That much was certain. Though maybe there were some things that he was forgetting.
Yes, they'd take one more day. He knew that Shelly would be happy about that.
He bent his neck and kissed her on the top of the head before closing his eyes and falling back to sleep.
Day 5

Chapter 1
Claire laid in her bed, naked. Simon laid beside her. He ran his fingers up and down the side of her arm. He kissed her cheek.
"How are you?" he asked.
She smiled. "Fine." She kissed him back.
Claire ran her hands over Simon's back. Her heart began to flutter. She had laid naked with him before, but they both knew that tonight was different. Special. She was going to lose her virginity. She was nineteen.
She knew that nineteen was old. Most of her friends had had sex by the time that they were sixteen. Some had even been fourteen. She knew that sex was a common urge. She had felt it several times herself. There had simply never really been anyone that she had wanted to go all the way with.
Until now.
She squeezed Simon's arm.

*

She had met him in a coffee shop. Just a small little thing that a lot of the students from her university went to. The coffee was cheap and didn't taste all that good. But the atmosphere was nice and everyone usually had a good time.
Claire had gone there to meet some friends. They were going to have a study group. She was planning to become a nurse. Hoping, anyway. The course was a lot harder than she had expected. She needed to learn about the body and she wasn't that great with anatomy or physiology. Her course even required her to take a few math classes. She definitely wasn't good with that. All she wanted to do was help people. But there was a lot she had to go through to get there.
Claire had sat down with her friends. They were all discussing the upcoming physiology midterm exam. They were all nervous. It was supposed to be pretty hard. She took a sip of her coffee, then let out a sigh. "I'm never gonna get this stuff," she said. "I can't remember all of it."
Her friends smiled nervously. They knew what she meant.
"We've gotta try," her friend, Rachel, replied.
They got down to work. But, before they got very far, they were interrupted by someone.
"Excuse me," a voice said.
The girls looked up from their text books. They were surprised to see a handsome man standing before them.
"Yes?" Rachel asked.
He ignored her and looked directly at Claire.
"My name is Simon," he said. He held out his hand for her to shake. She did so, unsure of what was happening. "I would like to ask you to dinner."
The other girls laughed. It was such a strange way to ask. Something from a past era. Though not to Claire. It had sounded just right.
"Okay," she replied immediately. "Where?"
Surprisingly, Simon looked taken off guard. "I...well..." he stammered.
"Is everything okay?" Claire asked. "Have you changed your mind?"
"I...uh...no. To be honest, I didn't think you were going to say 'yes'."
Claire and the other girls laughed at this.
"But I have," Claire said. "So, where would you like to take me?"
Simon tried his best to gather his composure. "I know a nice little Italian restaurant. They serve the best ravioli."
Again, the girls giggled. Claire ignored them. She could see Simon continue to redden.
"That sounds good. How about tomorrow night? We could meet here first."
Simon nodded his head. "Great," he said, maybe a little bit too enthusiastically. "I'll see you tomorrow. Let's say seven o'clock?"
"See you then," Claire said.
Simon turned away and walked out of the door. There was a huge smile on his face. He still couldn't believe that she had said 'yes', but he was happy that she had.

*

Now, a few months later, they lay together, getting ready to take the big step.
"Are you sure that you want to?" Simon asked.
Claire looked at him and smiled. He was such a considerate guy. He had never pressured her to do anything that she didn't want. He had had sex before, but he didn't mind that she had wanted to wait. She kissed him.
"Yes."
He ran his hand down her arm and over her legs.
"You're so beautiful," he said.
"Thank you."
She kissed him again and ran her own hand down the middle of his chest and over his stomach. Finally, she grabbed his penis. It was already hard. It had been for the past several minutes. She stroked it gently. He moaned. She circled the tip with her finger. He moaned again. She let go and wrapped her arms around him. He followed suit.
"I love you," he said to her.
"I love you too."
He placed his lips against hers and stuck his tongue gently into her mouth, swirling it around. His hand went back to her leg. He moved it against her vagina. Petted it. Ran his fingers through the soft hair.
It was Claire's turn to moan. She could feel herself beginning to get wet. At that, she felt a moment of embarrassment. She did every time he touched her there. But Simon continued to touch her and she soon forgot any of her worries.
He licked her neck. Nibbled her ear. Then he stuck his finger into her and began moving it back and forth.
Claire quickly grabbed his penis again and began stroking it harder and faster. Simon began to move his hips to the rhythm.
She raised her mouth beside his ear and whispered, "Let's do it, now."
"Are you sure?"
"Yes."
"Really?"
"Yes."
Claire had to stop herself from screaming. She knew that Simon was only looking out for her best interests, but she wanted to do it already! She lay over onto her back.
Simon started to press her legs apart. He didn't have to. She opened them willingly. He got on top of her.
Claire could feel him grab himself. He pressed his penis against her. He moved it up and down, spreading her wetness over himself.
She wanted to scream: do it already!
Then he did. He slipped into her slowly. There was a slight pull. But soon he was inside.
He kissed her.
"I really do love you," he said.
"I really do love you too," she replied.
And that was her first time.

*

Claire woke up. She had been dreaming of her old boyfriend. They had broken up over a year ago. She had been the one to do it. He hadn't been a bad guy. She just wanted something more. She knew that he wasn't the right choice for her. It hadn't been all that bad of a break up, anyway. They were still friends. Or they had been. Until everything changed.
She hoped that he was okay, but was sure that he wasn't. She didn't think that many people had survived whatever had happened. If they had, someone would have come to save her by now. Wouldn't they have?
"What are you thinking about?" a voice asked her.
She looked up. It was Big Mike. She pulled at her arm. It was still handcuffed to the desk. She looked down. The bottom half of her remained uncovered. She could see her pants in their pile on the other side of the room.
"Not gonna answer?" Big Mike asked. "That's not very nice."
"I just had a dream," Claire said. Even though she didn't want to, she found that it was better to just answer him.
"Awww," he said. "You know, you're beautiful when you sleep."
She looked away. She couldn't stand the sight of him. She definitely didn't want to hear him try to compliment her.
"Don't be like that," he continued. "I just gave you a compliment. You should at least thank me for it."
She knew what would happen if she didn't. "Thank you," she said. Still, she couldn't make herself look at him.
"You know, you're one of the best pieces of ass I've ever had."
Claire wanted to vomit. She couldn't believe that this man had been inside her.
"I just gave you another compliment."
She knew that he was toying with her. Though there wasn't much that she could do about it.
"Thank you," she said.
"What? You'll have to speak up. I couldn't hear you."
"Thank you," she said again.
Big Mike laughed and walked over to her. When he reached her, he bent down and grabbed her chin in between his fingers. He made her look at him.
"You've got such a pretty face too."
"Thank you," she muttered, her face pinched between his fingers.
"Actually, I stand corrected," Big Mike said. "You've got a beautiful face!"
"Thank you," she said once more. He squeezed her face harder, making it more difficult to understand any of what she had said. It made Big Mike happy, anyway.
He let her go. She dropped her head and stared at the floor. Big Mike stood up.
"Get up," he said.
She looked up. "What?"
"Get up. Stand up!"
Big Mike didn't give her anytime to respond. He simply grabbed her by the hair and pulled her to her feet. She could barely stand on them. She was weak with exhaustion. She couldn't remember the last time she had had something to eat or drink.
"Good," Big Mike said. "Turn around."
Again, he didn't give her any time. He pushed her shoulders so that her back was to him. Then he forced her face onto the table. It smashed heavily against it. Claire let out a small sigh of pain. She closed her eyes. She could feel his hands running all over her legs and behind.
"What a fuckin' ass!" he said.
She heard him undo his belt buckle. It clanged loudly in the silence. Then he dropped his pants. She heard them slide down.
Claire bit her lip. She knew what was going to happen. She knew that it was going to hurt. But she also knew that she would survive it. She had to. She felt her anger well up in her. When the time was right, she could get her revenge on the fuckin' piece of shit.
Claire heard Big Mike spit into his hand. She closed her eyes as he rubbed it over his penis. Then he stuck himself into her. The second man ever to do so.
Chapter 2
Jane felt a hand on her shoulder. She opened her eyes quickly, unsure what was happening. She thought that it was her family, her dead husband and daughter; that they had somehow managed to catch up with her. Or maybe it was another of the creatures. She felt panic.
She tried to pull away, but found she was too weak.
She tried to scream. Her mouth was covered.
"You have to be quiet."
Bent down beside her was an older man. He had greying hair and wrinkles around his eyes. He didn't look like one of those things. She didn't think that he wasn't there to attack her.
She stared at him for a few seconds longer, then tried to speak. The man still had his hand across her mouth and her words came out mumbled. He removed it, slowly.
"You have to be quiet," he said again.
As his hand come off of her mouth, Jane had doubts that any of this was actually happening. This might be another horrible dream. She had been plagued by them since everything had changed. She still wasn't completely sure that she wasn't the last survivor, either. The idea had gone through her head quite a bit.
She just didn't know what to believe.
Finally, she spoke. "Are you real?" she asked.
The man smiled. "Of course, I'm real," he said. "That's an interesting question, though."
"You mean that I'm not the last person alive?"
"Good Lord, no. I'm here."
"Is there anyone else?"
The man took a few seconds to respond. He was obviously struggling with the answer.
"Not here," he said. "It's just me."
His answer sunk in, but it didn't bother Jane all that much. To her, one other survivor was better than none. It meant that there might be others somewhere else as well.
"Where am I?" she asked.
"Glendale."
"Glendale? Really?"
Jane knew the town. She had been there a few times before. It was a far drive from her house - and she had managed to walk there. She wasn't sure how long it had taken.
"Who are you?" she asked next.
"Charles," he said. "But let's save the introductions for later. We should get back to my house as quick as possible."
Jane looked around. She was sitting in a playground. She remembered running to it, trying to get away from her family. Her dead family. She knew there could be danger nearby.
Charles stood up. "Can you stand?"
Jane tried to get up. It was difficult for her at first. Charles lent a hand and help her to rise. He steadied her. She took a few deep breaths and fought for her balance. She started to feel a bit better.
"I'm okay now," she said.
"Follow me."
The man led her out of the park. She hadn't noticed it before, but there were a few bodies lying around the place. There were what looked like a few mothers over on the park benches. They had torn each other to pieces.
Then there were the children.
Jane tried not to look, but she couldn't help herself.
A boy and girl lay dead at the bottom of the slide. Their necks had been torn open. There was blood all over their hands and faces.
Underneath a tree was another young boy. Beside him was his dog. Both were dead. It looked as though the boy had killed the dog, then something had killed the boy.
There were three little girls in the sandbox. Their little sun dresses had been torn from their bodies. Their hair had been pulled out. Again, their necks were torn open. Their blood had seeped into the sand and coloured it a dark brown.
"Don't look," Charles said. It broke Jane's concentration.
"Did this happen everywhere?" she asked.
"Let's talk about it inside. I'll make you a nice tea."
The offer sounded strange to Jane. Here she was, surrounded by several dead children, and their mothers and this man was offering her tea. She was about to refuse solely on the principal of the whole thing. But the reality was that she was thirsty. And a cup of tea, no matter how weird, also sounded good.
Chapter 3
Jane was seated at a kitchen table. She could see Charles boiling some tea for her. He was using a little camp stove. She was still nervous and confused about everything that had happened over the past few days. She was also exhausted. But, at least, she was starting to calm down. It couldn't be said that she was feeling good yet. Just better.
Charles poured the hot water into a cup and brought it to her. He sat it down on the table.
"I hope you like camomile," he said.
"I do. Thanks."
Jane looked down at the tea. She could see wisps of steam curling up from the liquid. She wanted to take a drink of it right away. She was so thirsty. But she knew that she had to wait. She didn't want to burn her mouth. Of course, she could have simply asked Charles for some colder water to pour into it. Unfortunately, the thought didn't occur to her.
She looked back at Charles. He had sat directly across from her. He seemed like a nice enough man. Gentle. Calm.
"So, what happened?" she asked. It was one of the thoughts that was foremost on her mind. She hoped that he had an answer.
"You mean with all of the people?"
Jane nodded her head.
"I don't know," he admitted. He shrugged his shoulders.
Jane couldn't hide her disappointment. She wanted…no, needed… to know what had happened to everyone. What had happened to her husband and daughter? What had made them change? What had caused them to try to kill her?
"I'm sorry that I can't tell you much more," he added. "It all happened so suddenly. And since then, I haven't heard anything. The TVs have been off and the radios don't work. Like you, I thought that I might have been the last person alive."
"Those creatures. You have to know something about them."
Charles shook his head. "Not really. All I know is that one minute I'm sitting down to lunch with my wife and the next she's trying to kill me." Charles's voice broke off. Jane could see tears forming in his eyes. She put out her hand and rested it on his arm.
"I'm sorry," she said. "I didn't mean to bring up this stuff. It's just…well…"
"I know. It's all so strange. Whoever could've imagined such a thing?"
This time, Jane shook her head. She didn't know.
"My husband attacked me too," she mentioned after a moment. "I hid in the closet while he killed my daughter. She had also changed into one of them." 
Jane stopped speaking and looked back at her tea. She couldn't believe that she had just said that. She didn't like admitting what had happened in her house. She felt responsible, that there might have been something she could have done to stop it. But the words had come out of her mouth and he hadn't been able to stop them.
Without hesitation, Charles spoke. "It wasn't your fault. There was nothing you could have done about it. Whatever happened was beyond our control. You have to believe that."
"I know," Jane said. Except she didn't really. Not at the moment. She usually shifted between two thoughts - thinking that she could have done something, knowing that she couldn't have. They battled within her.
"There was nothing we could have done," Charles repeated. "I had to hide in my bedroom. My wife kept hitting and hitting the door. I couldn't have helped her. I couldn't have even gotten to her without her attacking me."
"But…"
"But nothing. We did what we had to do."
Jane felt a bit better about her decision to hide in the closet, though the guilt didn't disappear. She wasn't sure that it ever would.
She thought about Charles's wife. "What happened to her after you went in your bedroom?" she asked.
"My wife? I don't know. She was banging on the door, then she just stopped and ran away. I haven't seen her since. Her name was Fiona."
Hearing his wife's name made the events more real. These were real people out there who had turned into these things. Real families, real loves ones.
"I saw something on the TV," Jane said. "Before my family changed."
"We were watching something too. About all of the fighting in the cities. It looked pretty bad."
"They didn't know what it was?"
"No, I don't believe that they did."
"It just doesn't seem real," Jane said. She tightly grasped the rim of her cup. "What could have done it? What changed them?"
"I don't know," Charles said again. "I've thought a lot about it. It could have been a virus of some sort. Or maybe rabies."
"Rabies? From animals?"
"Or a form of it. Like I said, I really don't know."
Jane thought about his ideas. They seemed plausible enough. But, in the end, it didn't seem like anything they were going to figure out for sure.
"Why didn't we change?" she asked next.
"Us?"
"Yes. Why didn't this…whatever it was…affect us?"
Charles shrugged his shoulders once more. "I've thought a lot about that too, but I haven't been able to come up with an answer. I probably never will. It might just be one of those things."
Just one of those things.
"What about God?" Jane asked.
The question surprised her. Although she had been married in a church and had occasionally gone to mass, she hadn't been a very religious person. It seemed as possible an answer as any.
"God?"
"Do you think he did it?"
"I don't see why. Why would He want to change a bunch of people into...into...these creatures?"
Jane didn't know. None of it made very much sense. Yet there had to be some type of explanation. Some reason why her family had changed and she hadn't.
Some kind of punishment for their sins?
She didn't think of herself as a bad person, so that might have been one reason why she survived. But that didn't explain why her daughter would have turned. Surely she was innocent. And all of the other children she had seen in the park. And Harold. They couldn't have deserved this. Even her husband had been a good man, or so she had thought.
She took a sip of her camomile tea. It was still a little hot, but she needed something to take her mind off of thinking all of these things. She breathed heavily as she did so. Then she put her cup down.
"I guess we'll never know," she said.
"I guess," Charles agreed.
They both stopped talking. This was far too serious a conversation at the moment. It was also too soon to get into this type of thing. She had just met the man, just come into his home.
Luckily, another thought occurred to her.
"How did you know that I was out there?" she asked.
Charles looked glad to change the subject too.
"I look out the window all of the time," he explained. "Sometimes I'm just curious what's out there. Most of the time I'm looking for any sign of my wife."
"I'm sorry," Jane said. She hadn't wanted to bring her up again.
"It's okay," Charles told her, not dwelling on it. "Anyway, I noticed you out there this morning. I hadn't seen you before and I didn't think that you were one of them. I also didn't think you were hurt. Or killed."
Jane had to stifle a laugh. It seemed so strange that she was sitting here talking about the fact that she hadn't been killed. As though that had been a possibility. Which it had been. She covered it by taking another sip of her tea.
"So I went out to check," Charles added. "And here we are."
"Well, thank you," Jane said. She didn't know what else she could say. She was happy to be here. No longer outside. No longer alone.
Both sat in silence for a few minutes. The past few days had been overwhelming for them. They had experienced so much. It was a lot to take in.
"Maybe you should get some rest," Charles said. "There's a bedroom upstairs that you can have. It was my daughter's. She didn't actually live here anymore. She lived with her family down South. But Fiona liked to keep it prepared, anyway. Kind of like a guest room."
That sounded like a good idea to Jane. She had been walking for days, sleeping out in the forest. She was tired. A fresh bed sounded nice.
And it sounded safe.
"Thank you," Jane said. "I think I'll do that." She stood up.
"It's up the stairs, last door on your right. I'll stay down here to do a little reading. You can call me if you need me."
"Thanks, again," she said. She started to leave.
"Wait," Charles said. "You didn't tell me your name."
"Jane." she replied.
"It's nice to meet you, Jane."
"It's nice to meet you too."
Chapter 4
Shelly walked into the kitchen. Adam had said that he was going to make her breakfast. She looked at the table. There was some dry cereal, a few pieces of fruit and two bottles of water.
"This is it?" she asked, jokingly.
Adam shook his head and tried to look annoyed. There was a lot of food to be had, but he couldn't make any of the stuff that had to be cooked. The stove didn't work.
"Just sit down and eat it."
Shelly laughed as she sat down.
"And, no, that's not the only thing," Adam added.
He placed a wrapped cupcake in front of the her as he sat down across from her. The corners of Shelly's mouth lifted.
"Where did you find this?" she asked. She picked up the cupcake.
"It was at the top of the cupboard." Adam pointed to where he had found it. "Someone must have kept it up there for special occasions."
Shelly laughed again. "They'd keep a cupcake for a special occasion?"
"Of course! This isn't just any cupcake. This is a double chocolate, cream-filled cupcake. That's pretty special."
Shelly continued to laugh.
"All right," she said. "But is this a special occasion?"
"We're celebrating our survival!"
He regretted it at soon as he said it. He needed to keep reminding himself that Shelly was a fairly young girl. Sure, at times she seemed mature for her age, but that didn't make it right to say the things that he did. Especially to talk about their survival, after her parents hadn't.
"I'm sorry," he said.
"It's okay. I know you were only joking. But maybe we should find something else to celebrate."
"How about we celebrate finding this house?"
"I like that," Shelly said. Then she went quiet.
"What is it?"
"It's just…well…I know that you said we shouldn't, but I really wish that we could stay here a little longer."
Adam was confused. He thought that he had told her his plan. It took him a moment to remember that she had been asleep. She wouldn't have heard.
"Oh," he said. "About that, I was actually thinking that we could stay one more day."
Shelly's eyes lit up. "Are you serious?"
"Yeah, I'm serious. I thought about it last night. That's when I told you about it."
"I don't remember you saying anything."
"You were sleeping. Sorry."
Shelly didn't care what the reason was. And he didn't need to apologize. She was excited to be staying another day. It gave her a sense of comfort in her turned upside-down world.
"We can dress up again," she said. "Or maybe we'll find some board games. I love board games!"
"Sounds good," Adam agreed. "But I also need some time to think about things."
"Like what?"
"I'm not sure. That's one of the main reasons I think we should stay here. I want to make sure that I go over everything. We need to have a better plan. It's not going to be easy to keep walking out of the city. And it's going to be slow. If there weren't so many cars blocking the road, we could drive out of here. But..."
"We could take bikes," Shelly interrupted.
Adam's eyes opened wide. He slapped his hands heavily down on the table.
"See," he said. "That's what I'm talking about! What a great idea! Bikes!"
Shelly smiled, happy that she had offered that suggestion. She was proud as well.
"I didn't see any around here, though," Adam said, scratching his chin. They had checked around the whole house yesterday. There weren't any bikes.
"What about the other houses?" Shelly offered.
"I don't know. I don't like the idea of walking into any of these houses. We don't know what's in any of them. There could be those things in them. It just seems a little risky."
Shelly agreed. She didn't like the sound of going into all of these houses, either. It was scary enough going into this one. Who knew if they'd even find what they were looking for?
"We could find a bike shop," Shelly said next.
Adam slapped his hand back down on the table. "You see, that's what I'm talking about! We can find a bike shop. I'm sure there's one around here somewhere. There has to be. What a great idea! You're so smart."
Shelly smiled again. She loved the compliment. It sounded so nice coming from this man who she was quickly beginning to admire and care for.
"Thank you," she said.
"No," Adam said. "Thank you."
Shelly felt as though she were going to burst with pride. She lowered her eyes and looked at the cupcake. Then she tore off the wrapping and shoved the piece of cake into her mouth. The whole thing.
Adam watched her with a big smile on his face, feeling pride toward her too. 
Chapter 5
Jane walked down the stairs and came into the living room. Charles was sitting there, reading. He looked up when he heard her arrive.
"Have a good rest?" he asked.
"Yes," she said. "Thank you."
Jane walked over and sat down on the sofa. She could see that it was still light out, though she didn't think it would be for long. She took a few deep breaths and took the time to think of something to say. The events over the past few days had come as such a shock to her. She needed to try to gather her thoughts. She needed to think of a plan. She needed...
"What are you thinking about?" Charles asked.
"I don't know. There is so much going through my mind. I guess I was just wondering what we should do next."
"I've been thinking the same thing."
"Any ideas?"
Charles closed his book and rested it on his lap.
"I've been thinking of a few possibilities," he said. "The thing is that I seem to always come back to the same conclusion."
"Which is?"
"That we should leave." He said it slowly. Almost painfully. It was obvious that he didn't want to leave. It was also clear that he knew there wasn't any other choice. "I never left because I didn't know if I'd find anyone else," he explained. "It was comfortable here. I felt safe. Now that I've met you...well, I guess I've been thinking that there might be other survivors. We should search for them."
"You don't really want to leave, though."
"Not really," he said, looking around the room. "I've lived here with my wife for over thirty-five years. That's a long time. Now, I know that she's changed. And she's probably dead. I've come to grips with that - well, as best as a husband can. But this is still my home. It's difficult to give that up."
Jane could understand. Although she hadn't considered staying in her own home, that didn't mean that she had wanted to leave it. She had thought about going back there a few times. She had also known that that wouldn't have been a very smart decision. There were too many of those things wandering around. She didn't feel as safe as Charles did in his home.
More than that, if she had stayed she'd always have to think about how her husband had attacked her and killed their child. Of course, she'd still always think about it. But it would be harder actually living in the place where it had happened. She was about to voice her thoughts when Charles spoke again.
"And I'm old," he said. He spoke flatly, honestly. "I'm not sure if I'll be able to survive out there; especially if one of those creatures comes and attacks us. I was lucky enough to get away the first time. I guess I've been even more lucky because they haven't tried to get me since."
Jane looked at the man. He was old. It would be hard for him to get around. She also figured that he wouldn't have a lot of energy, and definitely not much speed. But he was right, they needed to leave. They had to find others.
"You've got me," Jane said. She knew that it sounded corny, but it was all that she could think of. Besides, it was true.
Charles smiled. "That's nice of you to say so. I wasn't sure that I was ever going to meet anyone else again." He drifted off, thinking.
Jane was thinking too. She had thought that she might have been the only survivor left as well. They now knew that that wasn't the case. Not anymore.
"But you're right," Jane said. "There must be other survivors. We should get out there and try to find them."
Charles nodded his head. He knew that this was what they had to do. There wasn't much choice. Sure, he could stay in his house. But for how long? He didn't know when one of those things would find him. Maybe never. Maybe soon. It would be better to find others. They could work together, protect each other. They might even find out what had happened out there. Jane was thinking the same thing.
"Okay," Charles said. "We'll leave. But you'll have to be patient with me. I'm not as spry as I once was."
"I'm sure we'll do fine," she said, unsure if they really would.
"Let's leave in the morning," Charles said. "It'll give us some time to prepare. We can get a good night's sleep too."
"Sounds good," Jane said. She didn't want to leave all too quickly herself. Charles had been right. His house did feel comfortable, safe. One more night wouldn't do them any harm. So she hoped.
Day 6

Chapter 1
Adam and Shelly left the house early the next morning; much earlier than Shelly would have liked. Adam wanted to get out of the city. If not by today, at least by tomorrow. He didn't know how long it would take, even after they found some bikes.
He was glad that they had stayed an extra day, though. They had had a great day. They had found several board games in the basement. Adam had found several shelves of books as well. He and Shelly had spent a long time searching through them, reading bits and pieces to each other. They had reminded him of his own book that he had been writing. When he had told Shelly about it, she had been angry that he hadn't taken it with him. She had even suggested going back for it. But that wasn't going to happen.
He didn't bother to take any of the new found books with him, either. He didn't know if he'd have much time to read on the road. Plus, they would weigh him down. He was sure that he would come across some other ones later, anyway.
They walked down the road, away from the house. Both felt refreshed. They were also apprehensive.
Through out the day yesterday, they had seen several more of the things. They'd scream and shout, raise their arms around wildly in the air. Then something would grab their attention and they would run off. Adam did his best to comfort Shelly, but he too had been nervous.
The sun was coming up quickly and both knew that it was going to be another hot day. That wouldn't be good for the dead bodies lying everywhere. Adam wasn't a biologist, but he was pretty sure that the heat would speed up any disease waiting to strike.
They made their way from house to house. They didn't talk much. They were constantly looking around. For one, they were searching for a bike shop. For another, they were looking out for more of the things.
They came upon a major street. It was filled with stalled cars and dead bodies. There was blood everywhere. Most of it was dried. But every now and then there was a fresh puddle. Adam and Shelly tried their best to avoid them. It proved to be difficult.
"I can't believe that it's everywhere," Shelly said.
"I know."
"Why hasn't it dried?"
"It has. In a lot of places."
"But not everywhere."
"Because it's fresh," Adam explained. "It just happened."
Shelly eyes opened wide as she looked at Adam. He really needed to remember that she was just a young girl.
"We haven't heard any of those things, so I think we'll be okay for now," he added.
Shelly nodded her head, even though she didn't seem to believe him. She stepped over a puddle of blood. Then stopped.
"What's wrong?" Adam asked. "What is it?"
Shelly didn't answer. She was too busy looking off down the road.
Adam followed her gaze. Instantly, he was on alert. He squinted his eyes to get a better look, but he couldn't see anything that would raise any concerns.
"What is it?" he asked again.
"I thought that I saw something," Shelly said. "Someone." Her voice was calm, much calmer than Adam knew she felt. Even he was worried.
"Was it one of those things?"
"I'm not sure. It wasn't running around or anything. I kinda thought it was watching us."
"Where?"
"Over there." 
Shelly pointed to where she had been looking. Exactly where Adam had thought. When he had looked he hadn't seen anything. He told her so.
"I know," she said. "It's not there now. But I'm sure I saw something."
Adam didn't know what to do. The street looked safe enough for the time being. He hadn't heard any of the things around. But if Shelly had claimed to have seen someone, then he had to take that seriously.
"Maybe we should change our direction," he suggested. "We could take one of the side streets."
Shelly shook her head. She didn't think that it mattered where they went. They'd be in danger, regardless. She grabbed his hand.
"Let's just keep walking," she said. "If it was one of those things, it would've attacked us."
Adam didn't know what to say to that. She was right. But, if that was the case, then that meant that she might have seen another survivor, someone like them. Or like Sam.
He decided not to bother with it. Not at the moment. He would deal with it if something actually happened.
"Okay," Adam said. "Let's keep walking."
Chapter 2
 It was a while before Adam and Shelly came upon a bike store. It had been completely by chance. Adam had stopped to tie his shoe and, out of the corner of his eye, he had seen it a little further off down one of the side streets.
They walked up slowly to the store front. There were bars covering all of the windows. Behind those, they could both see a great stock of bikes.
Adam walked up to the front door. He put his hand on the handle, but was nervous about pulling it open. Yes, he was worried about what might be inside. But he was also afraid that the door might be locked. He didn't want that to be the case. They had come so far, and had felt such excitement at finding the place. Their plan was working and he didn't want to wreck that.
But they needed to find out.
He pulled at the door and thankfully it swung open.
The bells hanging at the entrance way jangled loudly. The sound startled Adam as it usually did. He stopped and looked around, waiting for an attack. He noticed that Shelly was doing the same. After a moment, he spoke.
"I think it's okay."
Shelly didn't disagree. "Let's go in," she said.
Adam snuck in the doorway and looked around. He couldn't see anyone in the shop.
"There's no one here." He was also sure that one of those things would have come out and attacked him by now if there was.
He walked in all of the way. Shelly didn't follow. He turned around and saw her staring off down the road.
"What is it this time?" he asked. "Did you see someone again?"
Shelly didn't answer. She didn't need to. He could see by the look on her face that she had seen someone. He rushed beside her. There, behind one of the cars, was one of those things. It had come out once it had heard the bells. In its mouth was a large piece of meat. Adam didn't want to think about where - or who - it had come from.
"Get inside," Adam said.
He grabbed at Shelly's shoulder. She didn't resist. He pulled her into the store just as he heard the creature begin to scream, just as he saw him start to charge toward them.
Adam shut the door. His fingers fumbled on the lock. He managed to snap it into place as soon as the creature arrived and began hitting at the door.
Adam and Shelly took a few steps back. They could see it up close now. The rage in its eyes. Its face was covered in blood. Its fists pounded wildly against the window. Most of the time, it hit the bars. Its fists started to split. Dark lines of blood began to smear the window.
Adam pulled the young girl in toward himself.
"We'll be safe in here," he said. "It can't get through the bars."
"When will it go away? How will we get out?"
"It'll go when it finds something else to attack."
"When will that be?"
Adam didn't know. But it seemed like he was always saying that. "Hopefully soon," he said instead.
The two continued to watch the creature bash its fists against the window. It even tried biting at the bars, pulling at them.
Then, just like that, the creature stopped. It turned around and faced the street.
"See," Adam said. "He's going to go. He's heard something else."
Shelly hadn't heard anything else, but she saw something. She pointed it out to Adam. Standing in the middle of the road was another one of those things.
"They're going to fight," Shelly said.
"I think so," Adam agreed. He had seen enough of them to know that this was their pattern. "You shouldn't watch."
"I've seen it before."
Adam didn't say anything to that. He turned back to the window.
The two creatures continued to stare at one another. Then they began screaming and waving their hands wildly. It looked like some bizarre primate ritual.
Shelly grabbed hold of Adam's hand. She knew that the things were about to attack and was preparing herself for the battle. Adam knew it too. But, to their surprise, it never happened.
Instead, the two creatures approached each other. Closer. They continued to yell. That was all.
When they were inches from one another, they stopped screaming. They lowered their arms and began moving around each other. Checking each other out.
Finally, they stopped. They continued to look at one another. Adam could see them both breathing heavily.
Then their heads shot quickly to the side. They had heard something off in the distance. They screamed again and ran off, side by side.
Adam and Shelly stood staring at the window, at the empty street.
"What just happened?" Shelly asked.
"I don't know," Adam said. But, this time, it wasn't true. He was almost more than positive about what had happened. 
The creatures had evolved.
Chapter 3
Adam and Shelly stood at the doorway for a few minutes. He was still shocked at what he had seen. He had never expected the creatures to work together and the idea of it was frightening. If they were travelling in packs, they'd be harder to avoid. And harder to escape. He knew that Shelly was thinking the same thing.
"We'll just have to be more careful," he said. Shelly agreed. "Now, let's look for some bikes."
As the two turned around to search, Shelly put her hand on Adam's arm and stopped him.
"Wait," she said. "Maybe we should check around in here too. To make sure that it's safe."
"I think it is. We would have been attacked by now if not."
"I'm sure you're right. But, like you said, we should still be careful."
"All right. Let's look around."
Adam led Shelly down through an aisle of bikes. They walked slowly and listened for any strange noises. There was nothing. Everything was quiet.
When they came to a counter at the back of the store, Adam peered over it. No one else was there.
"Is there a basement?" Shelly asked.
"I hope not!"
"We should check anyway."
They walked around the store a little more and couldn't find a door leading downstairs. They did come across one that led to a back alley. Adam made sure that it was locked.
"It's okay," he said. "We're safe. We're alone."
Adam led the young girl back to the bikes. There were two aisles. Some bikes were on the ground, others were hanging from the ceiling.
Adam looked at them carefully. Shelly didn't. She didn't have to. As soon as she saw it, she knew exactly which bike she wanted. She rushed over to it. A bright pink bike with huge tires and a wide seat. There was a basket on the handle bars and streamers hanging from those.
"You can't take that one," Adam called to her.
"Why not?"
"Because it isn't practical."
"Sure it is!"
"No, it's not. We need to choose bikes that will help us get out of the city. We're not going out there for fun!"
Adam hadn't meant to speak so harshly her, but he didn't think that that bike was a good choice. They needed to think about their survival, not their comfort.
Shelly's hand came off of the handle bars and fell to her side.
"I like this one," she said, sadly. "It's just like the one Katie Farber has. Except hers was yellow. She used to ride it to school and would never let me try it." She lowered her eyes back to the bike.
Adam felt bad. He didn't want to upset her. She had already been through so much. He walked over to the bike and looked it over. It was heavy, but it was well built. It was bright, but he supposed that the creatures were attracted to anything that moved. It might be hard to maneuver around things or over them. Of course, he could always help her lift it. Though if they ran into trouble, the bike would slow them down. He didn't know what to do.
"It's just that I want to be as practical as possible," he said.
Shelly didn't look at him. She kept her eyes down. He could tell that she was still focused on the bike.
"I know," she said. "It's just that I've always wanted one like this."
Adam couldn't resist her anymore. And, though it was against his better judgement, he said, "Okay, you can take it. But if we run into any problems with it, we'll have to find you a new one. You can't talk me out of that."
Shelly looked up at Adam.
"Really?" she asked. "Are you sure?"
"No, I'm not sure. But we'll try it."
She wrapped her arms around him. "Thank you, thank you, thank you," she said. She hugged him tightly. He hugged her back.
"All right. No arguing with me if I say that you need to get a new one, okay?" 
"Okay, okay, okay. I won't argue. We'll try it first. If it isn't good, then we'll get a new one. Only we won't have to. I know that it's going to be great. I just know it!"
Shelly let go of Adam and turned to her bike. She knelt down beside it and ran her fingers over the frame. It felt so good to her. It looked perfect too.
Adam smiled, happy that he had made the young girl feel so good. It felt nice to be able to give that to her. But he had to keep firm about his decision. If the bike was slowing them down, they'd have to look for a new one.
After a while, Adam turned away. He looked at the other bikes. Now he needed to choose something for himself.
Chapter 4
Jane walked to the kitchen to talk to Charles. It was a lot later in the day than she had hoped, but she hadn't wanted to press him. She knew that he was having a difficult time with leaving; even though he had agreed with it. He knew that they needed to find others. That they'd have a greater chance of that if they were outside, walking around. Searching.
She looked at him. He was sitting at the table. He had brewed another cup of tea and was sipping it slowly. His backpack was beside him.
She took a step into the kitchen.
"Are you ready to go?" she asked.
Charles looked up at her and put his cup down.
"Okay," he said softly. "Let's get going."
He stood up and had to balance himself against the table. This worried Jane. Maybe he had been right. Maybe he wouldn't be able to make the journey. He could see the look in her eyes.
"Don't worry," he said. "I'm just sad. It's taken a bit of energy out of me."
Jane nodded. She could understand. "Okay. Let's get moving."
Jane walked over to Charles and lifted up his pack. She handed it to him. He threw it over his shoulders and pulled the straps tight.
"I haven't worn this in a while," he said. "Fiona and I used to go camping a lot, especially when our kids were younger. But we hadn't gotten around to it the past couple of years. You know how it is."
"Of course," Jane said. She didn't really know how it was, though. She hadn't been with her family long enough to experience it.
The two walked to the front door.
"Are we forgetting anything?" Charles asked.
"I don't think so," They had been pretty thorough packing his bag last night. They had gotten a lot of his camping supplies out from the basement too. They were well prepared. "You packed the stove, right?"
"Did it right after I made my tea."
"Then I think we're fine. If we forgot anything, I'm sure that we'll be able to find something like it somewhere along the way."
Charles nodded his head.
"Okay," he said. "I'm ready to leave."
They walked to the front door. Charles put his hand on the door knob to open it. He took a deep breath and turned. The door swung open and he stepped out onto his front porch. This was something he had done for several years. But this would be the last. He stopped to think about that.
Jane put her hand on his shoulder.
"It'll be okay," she said. "We're making the right decision."
"I know," he agreed. But that didn't stop him from feeling sad.
Jane led Charles off of the front porch. They made their way down the few steps and walked along a little stone path leading to the road.
Once they were there, Charles stopped again. He looked back at his house. Tears were building in his eyes.
"I've had some great times here. I'm really going to miss you." He was speaking to the house.
Jane thought about her own house. Even though she hadn't been there as long as Charles, she had become attached to it too.
"It really is going to be okay," she said, trying to reassure him.
Charles looked back at her and smiled.
"Of course, it will," he said. He didn't sound too convincing. Jane knew that he was simply trying to remain positive. He looked back at the house.
"Good bye," he said to it. "I'll miss you."
They both turned around and faced the road.
"Come on," Jane said.
She put her hand underneath his arm and led him away from the place that, for the past 35 years, he had made his home.
Chapter 5
By the time Jane and Charles got out of his town, the old man was tired and needed to rest. He wasn't as young as he used to be.
"I'm sorry," he said.
Jane turned around. She could see the look of sadness in his face.
"What's the matter?" she asked.
"I can't keep up."
Jane placed her hand on his shoulder. "You don't have to apologize about that. We can take a break."
"But...but..."
"But nothing. Let's stop for a bit."
They were walking along a small country road. Not a lot was out there.
"I guess we could just sit down here," Jane said. She pointed to the shoulder of the road. It was gravel and looked uncomfortable. Unfortunately, there weren't many other options.
She led Charles to the place she had suggested and helped him sit down. Then she grabbed some food and water out of her backpack. They hadn't had any since they had left Charles' house. Maybe that's why he was tired. She knew she needed to pay better attention to these things.
She sat down beside him.
"Here you go," she said, handing him a bottle of water.
Charles smiled. There wasn't much happiness in it, though. He felt bad about slowing the young woman down.
"I'm sorry," he said again.
Jane brushed the comment away. To her, there really was nothing for him to feel sorry for. If it wasn't for him, she'd still be alone. She wouldn't trade that for being able to walk faster.
She opened her own bottle and took a sip.
The sun was bright and hot. She hadn't noticed it all that much before. Because she had been too focused on moving. But, now that she had stopped, she felt it. She wiped away some sweat that had built on her forehead.
"I guess we should have stopped under a tree," she said.
"Or at a bar," Charles joked. "Maybe had a nice cold beer instead of this water."
Jane looked at the old man. She hadn't expected him to say anything like that, but it was nice that he had.
"Feeling better?" she asked.
"A little. I'm still pretty tired."
"That's okay. We have all the time in the world." All the time in the world, how true that was.
Charles laughed and wiped some sweat off of his forehead as well.
"Do you know where we are?" Jane asked.
"It's a few kilometers to the next town. There isn't much in between."
"So, we might not come across any of those things out here." They hadn't seen or heard any of them since they had left Charles' house.
"And if we do?" Charles asked. His voice had turned serious.
"Then we run. As fast as we can."
"I'm afraid that won't be very fast."
She could see that he was starting to get upset again.
"Don't worry. I'll help you," she said
"But I don't want your help!" His outburst took both him and Jane by surprise. "I'm sorry," he added quickly. "I think it's just the heat. And all that has happened."
"I know. It's been a lot to take in."
Charles nodded his head.
"It has," he said. "But that's not all."
"It isn't?"
"No, it's not."
"What's the matter, then?"
"It's you," he said.
Jane didn't understand. "Me?"
"Yes," Charles replied. "Well, not really you. It's just...it's just...it's those things."
Charles wasn't making a lot of sense and he knew it. At the moment, it was difficult for him to form his thoughts. The heat kept beating down on him. He was tired. He was thirsty.
He took hold of his water and took a few deep swallows. Then he looked Jane in the eyes.
"I don't want to be the reason that you die," he said finally.
Jane hadn't expected that answer, but she understood his concern. She knew that he felt as though he was slowing her down. She knew that it bothered him that he wasn't stronger, faster, younger. She reached out and put her hand on his knee.
"You're not going to be the reason that I die," she said.
"Yes, I will," he told her. "If those things come, you won't be able to escape them with me. I'll slow you down. They'll get you."
"No, they won't," Jane argued. "And even if they do, it won't be your fault."
"It will," Charles continued. "You won't be able to get away with me hobbling along. I'm too old."
Charles eyes began to fill with tears. The idea of Jane dying because of him was too much to bear. He looked away from her.
"Just like my wife," he said. "I couldn't help her. I couldn't stop it."
Jane shook her head. Her eyes had begun to water too.
"I couldn't stop my husband or my daughter," she said. "Like you said before, there was nothing that any of us could do. We don't know why, but this is what happened. That's all there is to it. So, now, we have to stick together. We have to help each other. Be there for one another."
Charles raised his eyes. He didn't want to give up his argument yet, but there was something in Jane's voice that caused him to second guess himself. She was right. They needed to stick together.
"I won't be able to live if they get you because of me," he said. It was his last attempt at convincing her to leave him behind.
Jane squeezed his knee.
"If they kill me," she said, "you'll probably be dead too."
The logic was dark, but Charles couldn't argue with it. He started to laugh. Jane joined him. Then the two fell into a heartfelt embrace, laughing underneath the hot summer sun.
Chapter 6
It didn't take long for Adam and Shelly to get out of the city. Not on their new bikes. They were able to make their way pretty quickly down the roads, even with all of the cars and bodies in their way. None of the creatures had come out to attack them, either. That had made their journey all the easier.
They were on a country road now. And, because there weren't as many things in their way, they were able to go a lot faster.
Shelly rode up ahead. She was singing something, bouncing her head up and down. She looked as though she was riding through a park, not through dead bodies and crashed cars.
He had to admit that the young girl had been right. Her bike had been fine. It hadn't caused them any real problems. It hadn't slowed them down. Actually, on clear straight-aways Shelly was able to build up a lot of speed.
Adam looked down at his own bike. He had chosen a sturdy one with knobby tires. It might not have been the best choice for riding along the road, but he hadn't been sure if they were ever going to have to turn off somewhere onto more rugged terrain. It would be good for that.
His bike was equipped with two panniers attached to the rear of the frame. That was another reason why he had chosen it. He figured that they could carry more stuff with them than in the backpacks. He still had his backpack. And Shelly had hers. Though she had put several of her things in her bike's basket.
Shelly was starting to pick up speed again. Adam shouted at her to slow down.
"I told you that this was a good bike," she said when he caught up to her.
"Yes, you did."
"And it looks nice too!"
Adam wasn't too sure why it mattered how it looked. They hadn't seen anyone around who could admire it. He supposed that she admired it plenty enough, though.
"Do you want to race?" Shelly asked. She stood up on her pedals and got ready to push down with all of her strength. Adam raised his hand to stop her.
"No," he said. "I don't think we should. I think we have to start thinking about where we're going to spend the night."
Shelly looked around. There were on the middle of a country road. Aside from fields, there was nothing around.
"Where?" she asked.
Adam looked around too.
"We could camp," he said.
"Outside?"
"It's an idea."
"Then we should've stopped at a camping store," Shelly said. "We could've picked up a tent and some sleeping bags. I don't know how much I want to sleep on the ground, out in the open."
Adam bit his lower lip. It was a good idea and one that he should have thought of earlier. A camping store. They could have picked up a lot of things there.
"I really don't like the idea of sleeping outside," Shelly said again. "Not with those things around."
"Yeah, that's true." They hadn't seen any of the creatures since the bike shop, but he didn't like the idea of spending the night outside, undefended, either. "So, what should we do?"
Shelly looked off down the road. "There has to be a farm house or something around here, right? We'll probably find one soon enough. I say that we just keep going forward."
A farm house. Forward.
It all made sense. Again, they were things that Adam thought he should have come up with on his own.
"All right," he said. "Forward, it is."
 "We'll find something. I'm sure of it."
"I'm sure you're right."
The two continued to pedal down the road. Both of their eyes searched around in every direction, looking for a place to spend the night.
Chapter 7
Claire kept looking at the garage door windows. She tried her best not to, but couldn't stop herself. Big Mike had picked up the creature he had shot and propped him against it. Her brother was there too. He had said that it was a reminder of how he had saved her. Twice.
The corpses' faces were planted against the window. Or what was left of them. Big Mike's shotgun had managed to take off most of their heads. Her brother's eye was completely missing. She could see most of his bottom jaw, his teeth jutting upward. The other creature looked much the same.
Blood spilled down the window. Flies buzzed around.
Yet she couldn't look away.
When she did, she looked down at herself. The view wasn't much better. She was still half naked. Actually, more so now. Big Mike had torn away most of her shirt in his last attack. He had also hit her several times. She could feel that her face was quite swollen. She could see more scratches on her arms and legs.
She was still seated on the garage floor, her arm kept chained to the metal desk. She felt cold. And hungry. But there was nothing that she could do about it. She had tried already. She couldn't escape.
Or, no, maybe she could.
Big Mike wasn't there. He had left earlier that morning and said that he'd be back soon. Except it hadn't been soon. He had been gone a while.
Maybe something had happened to him. Maybe he was dead.
Or maybe he was on his way back.
Right now.
She looked down at her wrist. It was cut from all of the times her arm had pulled against the handcuffs.
But what if she pulled harder? Went further?
She didn't want to think about breaking her hand or even pulling it completely off of her arm. The thought made her sick. But the idea of staying here any longer made her feel worse.
She didn't know what would happen if her hand actually came off. There would be a lot of blood and she might feel faint. But she wouldn't allow herself to lose consciousness. She'd wrap it up, apply pressure to it - basic things that she had learned at nursing school. She was sure that she could do it.
She took a deep breath, had to prepare herself. She knew it was going to hurt. A lot.
She took another deep breath. Then she closed her eyes. And, without giving herself a chance to change her mind, she grabbed hold of her wrist with her other hand and started to pull.
The handcuff fought against her. It ripped into her skin. But she didn't give up. She continued to pull. She started to groan.
Her wrist moved slightly in the handcuff. Not enough to break free. Yet it gave her hope.
She shifted her position so that her feet were pressed against the desk. This would give her more power. She took a few quick breaths and pulled harder. Then she started to scream. The pain ran up the whole length of her arm and into her shoulder.
She felt her hand move a little more through the small opening. She wasn't sure if her hand was going to break or come off. She tried not to think about either. She'd deal with it when it happened.
She continued to pull. And scream. Her legs pushed against the desk. Her arms stretched out in front of her. She could see new blood begin to drip onto the ground. Then, when she thought that she was almost there, someone called to her, "What the fuck are you doing?"
Claire stopped pulling and looked at the doorway. Big Mike was standing there, shotgun at his side. She didn't answer. The pain was too severe and she had lost her breath.
"You tryin' to escape?" he asked. "You can't get out of those things! Not unless you're gonna yank your whole hand off. You don't wanna do that, do you?"
Claire looked back at her hand. She had been willing to do that, if that's what it had taken. But she didn't bother telling him that. She kept quiet.
He walked over to her and bent down. He grabbed her face and made her look at him. Claire wanted to reach out and hit him. Only she couldn't. She was in too much pain. She knew that it wouldn't do any good, anyway. She was trapped.
"You can't escape," he said. "Don't fuckin' forget that." He tapped her cheek with the barrel of the gun. Then he kissed her in the same spot. "Miss me?"
Claire still didn't answer. She kept her eyes on her wrist. Big Mike didn't seem to notice. Or care. He pointed to the windows.
"I guess you had those two keeping you company," he said before he burst into a fit of laughter.
Claire moved her eyes to look up at him. She had never seen him so excited. He looked happy about something. She just didn't know what.
Big Mike walked over to a chair at the side of the room and sat down. He placed his shotgun between his legs and started fiddling with it. Claire didn't know what he was doing. Maybe cleaning it. Maybe loading it. She had never had any experience with guns before.
When Big Mike finished, he looked up.
"I've got some good news," he said.
Claire didn't say anything. She was sure that any news that he had wouldn't be good. At least, not for her.
He stood up. "Don't you want to know what it is?"
Claire knew that he would get angry if she didn't say anything, but she didn't want to. She didn't care what his good news was.
He walked over toward her. As he did, he stopped by her jeans and picked them up. He had thrown them there when he had torn them off of her...how long ago was that? She didn't know. He grabbed them and tossed them to her.
"Put them on," he said.
She snatched them quickly. She wasn't sure why she was given her clothes back, but she wasn't going to question it.
Claire's body hurt as she tried to fit into her jeans. Her arm burned with pain. Her fingers found it hard to get a good hold. Even her legs felt weak. Fortunately, she managed. She looked at Big Mike.
"Now," he said. "Don't get too excited. You know that I like you better with 'em off."
He laughed again.
He turned away and walked out into the main part of the gas station. She didn't know where he was going or why. And she still had no idea what she had been allowed to put on her jeans.
A few seconds later, Big Mike came back into the room. In his hand he was holding a key. He held it up to her.
"This has been here the whole time," he said. "Just over there." He pointed outside of the room. Claire knew that it was the key to her handcuffs. He was taunting her. "It's fucked that your freedom was so close, huh?"
Claire tried not to think about it. He was right, though. If someone...anyone...had come along and happened into the gas station while Big Mike was out, they would have found her. They would have found the key. And, assuming that they weren't anything like Big Mike, she could have been freed.
She wanted to ask him why he hadn't just taken them with him, except she knew the answer. He liked having that type of control, playing those types of games.
It was fucked.
Big Mike walked over to her and knelt back down beside her.
"Damn, that shit smells," he said, pointing at the bucket beside her.
Along with all of the other degrading things that he had done to her, he had made her use a bucket instead of the toilet. It was filled with her urine and feces. She no longer noticed the smell.
"I didn't have any other choice," she said.
He slapped her. "Don't talk back, you fuckin' bitch. We all have choices. You could've kept it in. Or you could've been real nice to me and I would've let you use the bathroom. I'm not all that mean."
Claire didn't believe it. She was sure that she had a good idea of who he was and how mean he could be.
"Now," he said. "Don't get any fuckin' ideas."
He reached over and grabbed at her handcuffs. He unlocked the one attached to the desk. As it came undone, she felt a strange sense of freedom. She knew that there still wasn't much that she could do to escape. She didn't have the energy. Her body probably wouldn't work for her even if she did. But the release made her feel better.
"You're free," he said, laughing once more.
Big Mike stood up. He pulled on Claire's arm to get her to stand too. She felt a surge of pain run down the length of it. She almost screamed out, but was able to stop herself. She didn't want to give him the satisfaction.
"Get up!"
It was hard for her to do so. She had been sitting on the floor for such a long time that her legs weren't that co-operative. Big Mike pulled at her harder.
"Get the fuck up!"
She tried her best to stand and, eventually, got herself under control. Though not before Big Mike slapped her a few times. She nearly fell with each blow and was surprised that she didn't.
Once she was somewhat firmly on her feet, Big Mike looked her over. She could tell that he was checking her out. She was covered in blood and bruises. Her face was swollen. Her clothes ripped. But he was still aroused by her. He still wanted her.
"It's too bad we don't have time," he said, more to himself than to her. "You know, for one more quick fuck." He spit on the floor. Then he turned to look her in the eyes. "But we will soon enough, don't you worry. Now follow me."
Big Mike led Claire into the gas station. There was food everywhere. Bags of chips. Pretzels. Candies. Soda pop. Bottles of water. Claire had had almost none of it. Aside from a few bottles of water and a handful or two of chips, Big Mike hadn't given her anything. He saw her staring at the items.
"Okay, okay," he said. "I should have offered you more. But, man, you're not a very thankful bitch, you know. You're lucky I gave you anything." He slapped her ass.
Claire looked at him. She still didn't know why she had been uncuffed from the desk. And she wasn't sure if he was ever going to tell her. It could all have simply been another sick game that he wanted to play with her.
Big Mike walked over to the counter. He grabbed at a bottle of water and brought it back to Claire. He handed it to her.
"I guess you deserve this," he said.
She grabbed it from him and quickly twisted the cap. It pained her fingers, but she needed to drink something. She put the bottle to her mouth and drank heavily. Big Mike grabbed at the bottle and pulled it from her hand.
"Not so fast," he said. "I don't want you gettin' sick. You understand?"
Claire nodded her head. He handed the bottle back to her. Again, she wanted to finish the whole bottle as quickly as she could, but she stopped herself. She didn't want to risk him taking the bottle away again and, this time, not giving it back. She took a few small sips.
"That's better," he said. "You're not a fuckin' animal."
Big Mike walked around the counter and bent down to pick up a backpack. He placed it on the counter and opened it. Then went to search around the store.
As he passed Claire, he pointed to his eye to let her know that he'd be watching. She didn't think she'd be able to escape anyway. Although the water had been good, it hadn't been enough to give her much energy.
Big Mike walked around the store. He grabbed several things from the shelves. He reached into the refrigerator as well. It wasn't working, but there were a lot of drinks in there. It didn't matter that they'd be warm. He came back to the counter and tossed everything into his bag. All except for one chocolate bar. He handed that to Claire.
She held it in her hand at stared at it. She couldn't believe it. It looked so good.
"Eat it," Big Mike said. "You'll need your energy."
Claire didn't understand what he meant by that. And, at the moment, she didn't really care. She tore away the wrapper and started to shove the chocolate into her mouth.
She quickly stopped herself. As with the water, she didn't want Big Mike to take it away from her. She took a small bite.
"We're leaving," he said.
Claire stared at him. Shocked. She didn't think that she'd ever manage to get out of this place. She wasn't very hopeful that he'd be taking her to a better place, though.
"I've met some new friends," Big Mike explained. "We're going to go stay with them."
Claire looked down at her chocolate. She continued to eat it, but with less vigour. She had been right. He wasn't going to take her to a better place after all.
Chapter 8
Adam and Shelly came upon a house. It wasn't actually the first one that they had seen. It was simply the first one that looked okay to approach. The others had been destroyed. Broken windows, smashed doors, bodies lying out in the yard. There had even been a house that had burned down, almost completely.
"I think this one will be okay," Shelly said.
Adam wasn't sure, but he was definitely going to check it out.
They pulled off the road and rode up the gravel driveway. Adam kept looking around, expecting to be attacked. Shelly looked a little more comfortable.
They came to the front of the house.
"Let's leave our bikes here," Adam said. He pointed to the wall near the steps leading up to the front door. He wanted to be able to grab the bikes quickly if they needed to. He placed his bike against it. Shelly followed.
"Now…"
"I know," Shelly cut him off. "Be careful."
She smirked, then added a laugh. Adam couldn't get himself to join her. He walked up to the front door.
"Stay behind me."
Shelly did as she was told, the laughter fading.
Adam opened the door. It creaked loudly as he did. Instead of thinking about it, though, his thoughts had focused on something else.
"The gun," he said. "We should have the gun out and ready."
It was a good idea. And it had been his own. He was getting the hang of this stuff.
Shelly reached into his backpack and pulled it out for him. She took out the ammunition too and loaded it.
"Here," she said, handing it back to him. "Now it's your turn to be careful."
This time she wasn't joking around. He took the gun back from her.
"Stay behind me," he said again.
They walked into the house. Adam held the gun in front of him. Maybe a little bit too far out in front of him. If any of those things were hiding around a corner, they'd be able to knock it away from him. But he felt more comfortable with it out there. As though it were guiding him.
Adam took a few more steps into the house. It smelled. Bad. It wasn't hard to figure out that there were some dead bodies somewhere around.
"Over there," Shelly said. She had smelled it too and then seen the corpses in the living room.
Adam looked to where she was pointing. Two dead bodies. One man, one woman. They were covered in blood, torn apart.
"Looks like they killed each other," Shelly added.
"I guess so."
Adam didn't want to talk much. He wanted to keep quiet. He wasn't sure if there weren't any more of those things around. They needed to keep searching.
They walked through the rest of the house.
"There's no one here except for those two," Adam said when they got back to the living room. He pointed at the dead bodies.
"Are we going to stay?" Shelly asked. This house wasn't as nice as the one that they had stayed at in the city, but it would be getting dark very soon and they needed a place to spend the night.
"I think so. But we can't stay with those two in here. We'll have to take them out." Another idea that was his. Then he changed his mind. "Actually, you don't have to help me. I can take them out on my own."
"No, it's okay. I'll help you with them."
Adam felt the urge to argue with her, to protect her from having to deal with these things, but she wanted to help. And she had already seen much worse. Her parents.
"Okay," Adam said. "You take the feet."
Adam and Shelly walked over to the corpses. He placed his gun on the floor beside them. As he did, he saw Shelly scrunch her nose. It wasn't that the smell was any worse here, but they could see the damage that had been done all that much more closely.
"Try not to look at it," Adam said.
Shelly nodded her head and bent down into place.
Adam bent down too. He wrapped his arms around the first corpse, the man. Adam could see the gouges in the man's face done by the finger nails of the woman lying next to him.
"On the count of three," he said and tried not to look down as he counted. "One, two, three."
They lifted the body. It was much heavier than either of them had expected, but they managed to carry it over to the front door. Adam placed his back against it and pushed it open.
"Where should we take it?" Shelly asked once they were outside.
"How about over there?" Adam motioned to a spot far away from the house.
It took them a while to get there. Both Adam and Shelly had to keep shuffling, moving their weight to hold the body. When they finally arrived, they dropped it heavily onto the ground. Both were winded.
"That was hard," Shelly said.
"And we have another one."
They two went back to get the woman. She was a lot lighter than the man, but she was still difficult. She was also in a lot worse shape. Her face was covered in black and blue splotches. Her left cheek had been smashed in, her nose broken. Her arms felt as though they had been broken in several places as well. But they were able to get her outside. They dropped her beside the man.
Adam looked at Shelly. He hated that she had to be a part of this.
"Let's go inside," he said.
Shelly nodded her head, grabbed his hand and followed him back into the house.
Day 7

Chapter 1
Adam woke up early the next morning. Shelly was leaning against his chest. She still didn't feel comfortable sleeping on her own. Adam couldn't blame her. After what they had experienced, he also didn't want to be by himself all that much.
As he lay there, he thought about waking her up. But, really, he knew that there wasn't much of a reason to. They were out of the city. They had escaped the disease. Even the two bodies that had been in the house had been put far enough away not to cause much trouble.
All they needed to do now was to find others like themselves. Other survivors. They knew that whatever had happened hadn't affected everyone. Neither of the two of them had changed. And there had been Sam. So it only made sense.
But that could wait. They weren't in any immediate danger. He could let her sleep. He figured that they could actually stay there for a few days if they wanted to. Get rested. Then start looking again. He knew that Shelly would be happy about that.
Plus, there was a barn outside that he hadn't had a chance to check out yet. He wanted to spend some time in there, looking for things to take, things to scavenge.
There might be a lot that they'd find lying around.
He patted the young girl's head and slipped out of her grasp. He got out of bed and walked to the kitchen. There, he fixed himself something to eat.
He would check out the barn shortly.
He was curious to find out what was in there.

*

When Adam stepped out of the house, he knew that it was going to be another beautiful day. He took a deep breath. The air was fresh. It smelled good. He couldn't even tell that there were two corpses rotting nearby. He pushed the image of them out of his mind.
The barn. That's what he needed to think about.
He started to walk toward it.
On his way, he noticed their bikes leaning up against the house. The bright pink cruiser that Shelly had begged him to let her have. It really hadn't been a bad choice. And it had made her so happy. He pictured her riding down the roads, bobbing her head, singing. He ran his fingers through the handle bar streamers. They crackled underneath his touch.
He thought of Shelly. He was really growing fond of the girl. No, he had grown fond of her. She was like a little sister that he wanted to protect. Had to.
He walked over to the barn.
As he got closer, he slowed his pace. He didn't think that there was anyone inside, but he needed to be careful.
He slowed down even more until he came to a complete stop. He listened for any sounds, anything unusual.
Nothing.
Adam opened the barn door. There was a loud creaking sound as the rusty hinges turned against each other. Once more, Adam stopped. Loud sounds always put him on alert. He waited to see if anyone - anything - had heard him. Again, there was nothing.
He walked into the barn.
Adam looked around. He could see several things. Shovels. Rakes. A tool cabinet. A work bench. There was even a tractor and one of those seated lawn mowers. Adam felt excited. Surely he'd be able to find a lot of useful things in here - things that would help himself and Shelly on their way.
He walked over to the tool cabinet. There were several types of screwdrivers and hammers. He turned a few of them around in his fingers. He wasn't sure what each one was used for. Though that didn't matter at the moment.
He made his way over to the tractor. He couldn't actually think about taking it. There were too many cars crashed or stalled along the roads. It simply made him laugh imagining it. He pictured himself driving along, going a few miles an hour, Shelly sitting beside him.
He turned away from the tractor and began exploring again. He found several more things that would be helpful. He couldn't wait for Shelly to wake up to show her.
Then, out of the corner of his eye, he saw something else: a cabinet.
He walked over to it and pulled the doors open. Before him were several guns. He wasn't positive, but he thought that a few of them were hunting rifles. And he was sure that one of them was a shotgun. He couldn't believe it. He quickly grabbed at one of them.
Unfortunately, it didn't move. It was locked in place.
Adam figured that they key must be somewhere. He searched around and came up with nothing. He thought of the dead bodies. Maybe the key was somewhere on them.
He looked back at the guns. He still didn't know much about them, but he knew that they'd be important to take. Especially if he was going to protect Shelly. He didn't think that they'd be too hard to learn how to use anyway.
Point and shoot, he thought. Simple.
Adam turned to leave. He had seen enough. He knew that there were several things that they could take. He was starting to feel a lot better about their situation. He wanted to rush back to the house, wake Shelly and show her everything that he had found. And he wanted to check the dead bodies. He hoped that the key to the gun cabinet would be on one of them.
He walked to the barn door and and stepped outside.
But, as soon as he did, he saw something that forced him to pause. His mouth dropped open. Panic set in.
He could see three men walking around the house, searching. From here, he couldn't tell if they were those things or not. Except it didn't really matter. He was worried regardless. He needed to figure out what to do. He needed to keep them away from Shelly.
Adam grabbed hold of the door and closed it. The hinges squeaked again before it slammed shut. The three men stopped and looked in his direction. Adam waited for them to start screaming and charging.
They didn't. They regrouped and approached him.
"Hello," one of them said. "We wondered if someone was here."
They came closer. Adam felt better knowing that they weren't creatures. Yet he still felt a little apprehensive. He didn't move toward them.
"You alone?"
Adam nodded his head. "It's just me," he said.
"Then why the two bikes?"
Adam looked over at the house. "They're not mine. They were here when I arrived."
The three men nodded their heads as though accepting his answer.
"So, you're not from here?"
"No," Adam said. "You?"
They all shook their heads.
"Just checking it out. A few of us are camped close by. We came out to check the area for supplies."
Adam was nervous. He didn't want the men to know about all of the things he had found. Especially the guns.
They came closer.
"Anything in there?" the man asked next, pointing to the barn.
"Not really," Adam lied. "A few shovels. That's about it."
"Hmmm."
"And a tractor," Adam added. He figured that it would make his lie more believable. And he knew that they wouldn't have any need for one of those.
The three men stopped, right in front of Adam now.
"What's your name?"
"Adam."
"I'm Rick. And this is Joe and Jim." The man pointed at the two others.
After getting a closer view, Adam didn't like the look of any of these guys. Something about them told him to be cautious. It also told him to remain calm. He didn't want to give anything away.
"So, who are you travelling with?" Rick asked.
"I told you that I'm alone," Adam said.
"Oh yeah, that's right."
"You know," Jim said. "It isn't safe to be on your own out here."
Adam looked at Jim. He was a large man. Looked like he had been in more than a couple of fights in his life. Adam had to steel his nerves against him. He didn't want to appear weak.
"I didn't have much of a choice," he replied. "You guys are the first people that I've met."
"Is that so?" Jim asked as though he didn't believe him.
"Yeah, that's so."
Rick raised his hand and placed it on Jim's chest. "Easy, now," he said. "No need to get all worked up. This here is our friend. Aren't you, Adam?"
Adam nodded his head. He didn't want anything to do with these people. He definitely didn't consider them friends. But he needed to play along with them for now. He needed to make sure that they left without any trouble.
Jim took a few steps backward. He looked like he was trying his best to calm down.
"You'll have to excuse my friend," Rick continued. "He'd been through a lot since...well, you know...since everything happened."
"I understand. It's been a rough week."
Rick laughed. "A rough week," he repeated. "That's it!"
Adam didn't join in the laughter. He knew that this man and his friend were toying with him.
"Now, you're sure you're alone?" Rick asked again.
"Yes."
But, at that exact moment, Shelly came out of the house. All of their heads turned in her direction. Rick laughed. The others did too.
"Holding out on us, eh?" Rick asked. "Tryin' to keep all the goods for yourself."
"She's eleven years old!" Adam shouted. "Don't talk about her that way!"
"Well, beggars can't be choosers, right?"
Adam regretted shouting out her age. He knew right away that age didn't mean anything to these three guys. He raised his hands to the side of his mouth and shouted, "Get back in the house!"
Rick turned and punched him in the stomach. Adam fell down hard onto the ground, winded. He did had enough energy to look up to see if Shelly had run away, though. She hadn't. She was still walking toward them. He wanted to call to her again, but he couldn't manage it. She came closer.
"Well, well, well," Rick said. "What do we have here? You're a nice looking thing, aren't you?"
Shelly stopped a few feet away.
"Let him go," she said. She spoke calmly. Adam was amazed to hear such control. The three men found it interesting as well.
'Un-fuckin'-believable," Jim said. "She's got a set of fuckin' balls on her!" He took a few steps toward her. Then Rick stopped him. He was the first to see her pull out the gun. Shelly pointed it at them.
"Let him go," she said again. She continued to hold the gun up in front of her. Now, it was focused on Rick. She could tell that he was the leader of the group.
"Fuck you!" Jim said. He spat at her. Shelly didn't bother to pay him any attention. She kept looking at Rick. "Let's get this bitch."
Rick patted him aside.
"Now, little girl," he said. "You're going to hurt yourself with that gun. Why don't you give it to me?" He held out his hand. Shelly didn't move.
"Let him go," she said one more time.
Adam had started to get his wind back. He looked around at the three men. They weren't paying any attention to him. He got onto one knee. He needed to think about what to do. And fast.
Rick laughed once more. This time, everyone could tell that it was because he was nervous. Even he knew that his laughter sounded weak.
"Give me the gun," he said. He tried to sound more forceful this time. It didn't faze Shelly.
"No," she said. She kept the gun trained on him.
"Give...me...the..."
Without waiting any longer, Jim reached out and tried to grab the gun. Shelly pulled away and turned the barrel toward him. She pulled the trigger. The bullet rushed out of the barrel and slammed into his face. It tore half of it away and he fell down onto the ground screaming.
Adam took this time to attack. He stood up and charged into the back of Rick. They both fell forward onto the ground. He began hitting him.
Adam wasn't a fighter. He had never even punched a man before. But he could feel his fists pounding against the back of the man's head. He could feel all of his frustration coming out. He kept hitting and hitting.
Shelly stood there for a moment, shocked. She couldn't believe that she had just shot a man. And it was this pause that allowed the third man, Joe, to attack. He reached out and knocked the gun from her hand. Then he punched her in the face and she fell down heavily.
Seeing that the young woman wasn't going to be a problem, Joe turned and ran over to help Rick. He brought his knee up heavily and rammed it into Adam's side.
Adam felt it connect with his ribs. He fell off of Rick and onto the floor. He grabbed at the pain. Joe jumped on top of him.
Adam couldn't defend himself. Over and over, Joe kept hitting him. And, before long, he felt as though he was going to pass out.
Right before he did, Joe stopped and got off of him, knowing that Adam wasn't going to be a problem anymore.
Rick was already standing. He brushed himself off.
"That was fuckin' close," he said. "I can't believe this little bitch almost shot me."
"She shot Jim," Joe said.
They both looked at the man on the ground. Half of his face was missing. He was no longer screaming. He was dead.
They turned to the girl. Rick walked over to her quickly and slapped her across the face. He pulled at her hair to make her stand and put his face close to hers.
"You fuckin' bitch," he said. "You killed my friend."
Shelly couldn't respond. She looked over at the man she had shot. She saw his half-face, somewhat smiling at her. Rick slapped her again and turned to face Joe.
"Let's get out of here," he said. "We'll take this little slut with us."
Joe looked over at Adam. He hadn't moved.
"What about this guy?" he asked.
"Fuck him," Rick said. "That gunshot may have attracted one of those fuckin' things. Let's just get out of here. He's not gonna to cause us any trouble anyway. We'll go back to the camp. Tell 'em about Jim. And we can show 'em our new prize." 
He looked at Shelly. She wanted to recoil from him, but she didn't have the energy.
"Pick up the gun," Rick added. "We should take that too."
Joe did as he was ordered. Then, pushing Shelly in front of them, the two men walked back to their camp, leaving Adam and their dead friend behind.

*

When Adam woke up, his head was pounding. He grabbed it in between his hands, then tried to get up. It was difficult. His head was swimming, his body ached. He rolled over and was able to push himself onto his knees. That was the furthest he could go.
He looked around. It was bright, but it was hard for him to make out much of anything. His eyesight was blurred.
He needed to find Shelly. That much he knew. He needed to make sure that she was okay. He remembered her shooting that one man. Then he had attacked Rick. He couldn't remember much of what happened after that.
He squinted his eyes. Still too bright.
He gave up looked and started to shout out for her instead.
"Shelly! Shelly!"
The sound hurt his head, but he had to keep trying.
"Shelly!"
Eventually, his eyes started to adjust. Adam could see the man, Jim, lying on the ground beside him. Half of his face was missing. He couldn't see the other two men. Shelly was nowhere to be seen, either.
"Shelly!" he shouted again. "Shelly!" 
He needed to find her. He needed to know that she was okay. He was supposed to protect her, keep her safe.
 He tried to stand, but couldn't. He still didn't have the strength.
"Shelly!"
There was no answer.
"Sheeeeeellllllyyyy!"
He continued to scream out her name. Over and over again.
But, deep inside, he knew that it was in vain.
Shelly was gone.
Acknowledgements
I would like to thank my family and friends for all of their support and encouragement in writing this book. I truly appreciate your kind words of support during this process.
I would also like to thank you, the reader, for giving an unknown author a chance. I hope you enjoyed the book and that you look forward to the upcoming installments. There are five books in total that I plan to release over the upcoming year.
About the Author
Starting with nothing more than the prologue, Michael set off writing his version of the apocalypse. He even quit his job and moved home for a year to do so. The end product is a story which spans five books that he will release over the upcoming year. He is from Brampton, Ontario, Canada.

You can follow him at michaelmcmanamon.com and www.facebook.com/glorythebook for information and updates on upcoming books.
