Guardian Angel

John M. Davis

Smashwords Edition

Copyright 2013 Serenity Valley Publishing



Smashwords Edition, License Notes

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
Please visit johndavisbooks.wordpress.com for more great stories!




Table of Contents

Prologue:    *After The Invasion*
Chapter 1:    *Help Arrives*
Chapter 2:    *Beware Bad Things*
Chapter 3:    *Hold Up For The Night*
Chapter 4:    *Love Defined*
About the Author



Prologue
*After The Invasion*


Nothing else mattered. In that moment, Alicia sat there, mesmerized and alone at her corner booth watching them all dance. Including the buxom blonde. Especially the buxom blonde.
Alicia had watched her for nearly an hour, perfectly symmetrical curves moving with such fluidity. Of course the blonde who had Alicia's attention was with a date, and he was a catch to say the least, but Alicia didn't care; she had locked eyes with the most beautiful woman in the room and continued her concentrated glances as she remained seated, her shoulder length hair of velvet-black swaying slightly as the lights from the club dance floor bounced around the interior of the building. 
Sipping small drinks from a solid glass container, Alicia's tongue made its way up and down the straw, but just slightly. She had decided that the blonde dressed in solid red was something that she wanted; desired.
She had a way of doing that, and Alicia wasn't the kind of woman to leave without taking with her what she lusted for. Standing up slowly, her pastel blue eyes shifted perfectly with similarly shaded lipstick, her tongue massaging them slowly as she confidently approached the couple.
Without so much as a word, the background music then shifted into another song as Alicia and the blonde kissed. First, trembling lips sought each other out, finally locking together and handling each other with passion as the women kissed uncontrollably.
The crowd on the floor started to thin out as a majority of them backed off to watch the two most attractive women in the place share passion through the mouth as Alicia began to slide her left hand up the red skirt of the blonde.
Slowly she moved it in an upward position, finding a resting place in just the right spot as the blonde stopped kissing back for a moment, overwhelmed with both passion and lust. 
Calypso entered the club slowly, the light of the sun illuminating his near-superhuman size as everyone cast their eyes to the door, including Alicia.  
“Damn.” she said under her breath as the blonde attempted to kiss while breathing heavily.
Of course his born name wasn't Calypso, it was Gunther Stokley. Calypso was simply a nickname that was given to him by those he fought beside, including a very irritated Alicia Sims.
“We are needed.” Calypso said, glancing down for a moment as Alicia removed her hand from the blonde's dress.
Slowly nodding, Alicia turned for a moment to kiss the blonde's date on his cheek for being such a good sport of things, finally letting loose her grasp of the woman's ass in order to follow Calypso outside. As they both exited the club they were handed a stiff reminder that it was back to business as usual. War. 
One November day in the year 2087, everything was normal. The very next, Ancient ships had descended from the sky and just like that, there was no normal. Not anymore. There were only two governments left standing, the United States and Germany. The rest of the world had simply become a wasteland filled with both Human survivors and Ancients.
In mere minutes of news coverage, we had answers to some of mankind's greatest mysteries. They left shortly after the rise of the Egyptian armies. Not out of fear, that's for damn sure. To our best estimation, they left so we would breed, expand the population that would eventually be enslaved by them.
The smallest Ancient that any Human has ever laid eyes on is roughly eight feet in height. The largest, about the same. They walk like we do, but that's where the similarities end. Covered in pasty-grey skin, the pupils of their eyes with an amber-colored pigment that helps them deal with the rays of the sun, or so we're told. 
They also possess a transparent skull and bones, which has been linked to their ability to heal quickly. Very quickly. Sometimes not quickly enough though. In other words, they die. I should know, my unit has killed more of the sky-born bastards than any other group of soldiers on Earth.-Alicia Lucard




Chapter 1
*Help Arrives*


Alicia and Calypso walked slowly, approaching the third member of their team, G. Gregory-Hawthorne Laurenitis got his nickname largely in part because Alicia hated spouting off such a long name, so G it was. Either way, he was damn deadly with his silhouette blade, which was a perfectly cut sword.

The stringy-haired man carried the blade on his back, along with several of his personal affections which were tied snugly into a leather knapsack. From first glance, G looked as though he were preparing to stand in a soup line, rather than continue the fight against a race of warriors from beyond the stars.
His blade had been diamond shaved and angled to do massive damage, no to mention hand sharpened by G personally on a regular basis. In the event that the silhouette blade didn't seal the deal, he always had his ranger pistol to fall back on. It was a simple design, mostly wooden with only two shots of black powder in the barrel. And while G took great pride in the condition of his blade, the opposite could be said for his sidearm.
Immediately upon glancing at the weapon, it became obvious that he cared little for it. The pistol had seen no action, and when it was in use, the heavy scarring of its wooden shell pointed to the fact that it was getting tossed somewhere.
The truth was, G had long wondered if it would even fire. And it was for that reason that he refused to clean it, shunning the idea of handling the weapon any more than he had to. The Resistance had plenty of sidearms, all of which were a lot more up-to-date. But the pistol he carried, which closely resembled one of a high seas pirate, was a gift from his father. One of his only reminders of a world that once was. So G carried the weapon, along with his love for music, as a reminder to continue the fight.
The city around them, at least what remained of it, bore similarities to a civilization that once thrived. Skyscrapers and transit systems were in place, though Humans had been knocked back into a time of horse and buggy.
Streets were once again equipped with wax lanterns which hung from poles on every corner, requiring a crew of lamplighters to travel through the city near dusk. Some survivors had oil lamps as well, however, with the highly-flammable fuel in such short supply, they generally only burned oil during special events and holidays.
Just as if it were the nineteenth-century all over again, the streets of Washington City were dirty, overcrowded and no longer a place to gather. They were simply means of getting from one area to another, and that was further reinforced by wagons full of armed soldiers for the Resistance. They had taken the place of a police force that once was, and maintaining a suitable life for the survivors inside of the city had proved itself nearly as taxing as the war on those who sought to take it away.
Living in Washington City meant living under the protection of the Guardian Angel grid system above. It was a double-edged sword, allowing them a safer place of living, while forcing them to survive as though it were hundreds of years behind the actual calender date.
Calypso was a bit more hardcore than G when it came to weaponry, a mini-gun hanging from his shoulder on a thick leather strap. An old relic pulled from a downed combat helicopter, it had been rusted heavily at one time, but Calypso had done a solid job of cleaning the weapon.
Every soldier who was Resistance sworn, at least in Washington City, carried a primary and secondary weapon. It was a standard loadout. And accompanying such a massive gun, one that pulled the warrior's frame a bit lower from the gravity of weight, was a pump-action shotgun. Solid black and basic in style, it was the type of gun that commanded attention. Its unique sound while pumping accepting no less from those around it.
Alicia Lucard was simplistic when it came to weaponry as she stood there with the men, the scorching sun bearing down on them as two Glock-style pistols were strapped to her legs with thick nylon holstering, and well-defined hand to hand combat skills if it came down to it.
Before Invasion Day, she had been an accountant. Funny how her top priorities used to include quitting time, grocery lists and what programming to pack onto her DVR. Now, her short list had been replaced with living every day to its fullest, staying one step ahead of her peers when it came to survival and slaying as many aliens as she possibly could. Aliens! Before Invasion Day, Humanity had questioned if life beyond our own planet was even a possibility. Now we had grown used to a life with them here.
As she began to think back to her days of sampling the newest latte in her office of modernized distractions, Alicia looked up above them and watched Guardian Angel for several moments.
It looked like a series of neon lights hovering above Washington City, but in reality, it was a cluster of low orbiting satellites which emitted electromagnetic pulses on a timer, rendering the superior air capabilities of the Ancients defenseless.
Not to mention, it was damn beautiful. At least to Alica. Much like the society of old had driven to work, passing by life's true beauty with disregard, the society of new had long-forgotten the beauty of Guardian Angel.
The lights of the man-made cloud of protection above burst out every few seconds, each shudder of electromagnetic pulse sending a small wave of color. It had been designed that way in order for surviving military craft to navigate through it more easily. Each color beginning a sequence of bursts that fell into a larger pattern. If an aircraft pilot was good enough, and used his onboard navigational unit properly, he or she could fly through the bursting cloud as though it were a well-mapped out minefield.
Guardian Angel was tough to see during the day, not that it mattered. The Ancients remained indoors while the sun was out unless it was very necessary to do otherwise, their weakness for a specific ultraviolet ray forcing them to do a majority of their work from sun down to sun up.
From the moment the sunset came, the wastelands would become a war zone, littered with Ancient ships and Human Resistance. Because of the protection of Guardian Angel, if the Ancients launched an assault against Washington City, it came on foot and with heavy losses. What remained of the United States military had fallen back into the safe zone, literally turning the entire city into a huge military base of operations. The city of Berlin, Germany was just the same, making them the only two standing reminders of a society that once was.
Once you left the protection of either city, or safe zone, all bets were off. The Ancients controlled about eighty percent of the wastelands, the other twenty held by either Separatists or the Resistance. The Resistance was a mixture of American and German soldiers who had dug in and were fighting like hell to stave off constant attacks by the Ancients. Separatists, on the other hand, just tried to survive one day at a time. Usually in secluded villages, caves or even on water barges which roamed the oceans.
It took weeks for a steam powered airship to travel from Berlin to Washington, only having the ability to fly during the day. And it was an airship that Alicia and her team waited for as they stood near the landing section of the city.
Several Washington airships were departing, not an uncommon sight as it was the only reliable way of trading with factions and Separatists throughout the wastelands. A small military crew would accompany the ship's flight crew and cargo, that was the standard procedure.
The Resistance had even been known to trade with Separatists on a regular basis, giving lower-end weaponry in exchange for the one luxury they couldn't get enough of. Food. They had very little ability to grow their own food inside the asphalt grid of Washington City, so it was a deal that worked for both parties involved. They would scavenge from the dead after battle, trading anything they had plenty of to Separatists with large farms. Separatists who had an abundance of food, but the desperate need for weaponry in order to keep themselves safe.
Some Separatists had even started forming their own governments, each fighting for their own home and their own flag. It was the biggest difference between being considered a Separatist or Resistance sworn. Separatists had accepted defeat at the hands of Ancients, now focusing their attention to organizing those around them and living in peace. Those for the Resistance, however, remained focused on the survival of Humanity. A world that once was.
There was no true government in place when it came to the Resistance. The surviving military helped survivors throughout the city, distributing food and supplies routinely and asking that those who were capable of doing so, assist them with maintaining a safe environment. It was this very request, which saw groups of lamplighters do so every evening. Groups, which usually numbered near a dozen, openly patrolled the city streets. They were armed men who had sworn to help an already taxed military force, policing the streets and offering assistance to any citizen who needed it.
Larger buildings in Washington City had been designated for military use, which meant there was a guaranteed place to sleep, hot meals and fresh clothing for those who volunteered to take up arms against the Ancients. Alicia Lucard was one such person. She had been with the Resistance since the death of everyone who had ever mattered to her. With no place to go and no one else who seemed to give a damn, she joined the open arms of a Resistance force.
They had taken an accountant, a worn-down woman with no understanding of handling a weapon, and turned her into a trained killer. Her hate for the Ancients and what they had done to change her life forever, bled into a kind of hatred that was rarely seen. And, in fact, was the biggest reason she had become so deadly, swiftly moving through the ranks of those around her.
Alicia was widely regarded as one of the greatest soldiers left on Earth, having sent over a thousand extraterrestrial warriors to a very Human hell below. But even with the ruin of destruction surrounding her at every turn, Alica still took the time to admire that which was beautiful.
Be it the bursting lights of color above, a snowfall blanketing lamps of candle wax on the streets or Humanity's ability to pull together and help those around them in need. In Alicia's eyes, beauty was beauty.
So that was the normal sight in Washington City, large fortresses of the sky departing for trade, while others, many filled with supplies, would land and distribute according to need. Smaller airships would also traffic themselves, filled with strike teams of soldiers who tried to hinder the Ancient war efforts anytime they could. But today brought a different sight, one that was rarely seen.
Today's incoming ship from Berlin was anything but standard, or so Alicia's team would soon find out. A loud bell began ringing throughout the city, making all military personnel aware of an incoming airship, one bearing the flag of the German Resistance as it began to quickly descend.
It was more of a sky armada, the huge galleon of aged wood and brass molding coasting down, visible guns mounted in various places. It was odd to see such a war-capable ship landing in Washington City, at least one that brandished the flag of German Resistance.
Alicia's attention was captured for a moment by the revolving Gatling guns that were placed near the landing area of the city. They were primitive, not to mention steam powered, but inside of the Guardian Angel where modern technology simply wouldn't work, they were a damn solid line of defense.
“What do you think this is all about?” Calypso asked the group, all of them keeping their eyes on the airship which had landed and was being anchored down.
It was obvious within an instant that this was no ordinary transport. The markings were a bit different, which let the entire group know it wasn't a trade ship. It carried higher ranking officials from the German Resistance. The question each of them pondered was why?
“Who gives a damn. It's just our job to hold their hands and walk them into the command center.” Alicia replied, G breaking his stare to watch four airships bearing the United States Resistance flag take flight.
After the initial invasion, the United States of America simply became known as the Resistance. Rightfully so, the flag had been redesigned to fit the times. Every faction which had dedicated itself to the fight against Ancients, had the same design. A white flag with a single, large star on its middle. The star contained a reminder of the country or area that once was. In this case, the large star contained stripes of red, white and blue.
It had been designed that way for a single reason. Unity. It symbolized a single cause, or star, against the Ancients. The Germans had placed the colors of their original flag into the star of their Resistance flag, and other factions, smaller factions who had sided with the Resistance, had used the same design as well, placing their own colors inside of the star.
No matter a soldier's country, origin or current mission, he or she could be sure of one thing. When a single-star flag was nearby, it was a place which shared a common goal. Defeating the Ancients at all costs.
And so the airships took flight, none of them heading into the direction of Berlin, which meant they were either being dispatched to trade for needed supplies or to recruit new soldiers in the war against the Ancients.
Nearly a dozen heavily armed soldiers were first to exit the German Resistance marked air fortress, fully uniformed as they stepped cautiously from the stained wooden deck of the ship onto the hard pavement of the landing zone.
It was a huge area, formerly a parking lot that was set up near what had once been a large outdoor sports stadium. Back before hunting Ancients for the survival of the Human race had become the one and only sport that mattered. As the soldiers looked thoroughly across the surroundings, they motioned for the remainder of the passengers to join them.
“Must be pretty damn important for them to arrive with such a large security detail.” G muttered.
“Must be.” Alicia agreed.
He was right, normally an escort group consisted of only two soldiers. The idea was, if you ran across a group of Ancients, you were more than likely dead anyway. So large of an escort meant that the Germans wanted whoever was aboard the airship to damn well arrive in good condition.
When Nadia Jacobson first exited the ship, Alicia's group stood speechless. Tight black military grade pants topped off her solid grey shirt. Their full attention began to shift to her brilliant blonde hair as Nadia casually stepped onto the blacktop. Her lipstick a darker red tint, seemingly shimmering in only the faint light of day as she glanced into the direction of Alicia's group for a moment before turning back to watch her companions. 
Preacher was the next to find his footing on solid ground. Alfons Scheper was anything but a holy man, earning his name from the large, Heaven-Six model sniper rifle that he chose to wield. It was man-sized, standing nearly six feet tall(a fact which earned it the name) as the stock of the weapon easily rested on the pavement. His short white hair was soon forgotten in favor of his scarring and leather-like skin. It was obvious to all onlookers that he had earned his keep in a war against the Ancients, and he carried a stone-faced grin to prove it.
Alicia's group began to walk forward to meet them when the third and final passenger of great importance jumped to the ground, falling only a couple of feet as his solid black boots hit the hardtop with a loud thud. Instantly, guns were on him, Alicia's pistols the first to take aim on the Ancient soldier as Calypso and G quickly followed suit.
“Stop, he's with us!” Nadia yelled loudly, stepping into the line of fire to protect Certes.
Without so much as a whisper, Alicia pushed the safety on both pistols to live fire, continuing her dead stare with the demon as Preacher and Nadia reluctantly pulled their weapons up to take aim on Alicia's team.
“Put your weapons down, or I swear by all that nobody will walk away from this.” Nadia said calmly, her words accented thick with German influence.
“I dunno, I've walked away from a lot better.” Alicia replied with sarcasm.
“There are no better.” Nadia replied quickly, steadily holding her chrome pistol in Alicia's direction. It was polished to a shine that led to believe it had never been used, a smooth wooden grip handle accenting it.
“Alicia! Put down your weapons this instant!” a man yelled as he briskly ran to them on foot.
Wearing a thick brown coat of leather and boots to match, his green eyes cut into her through glass lenses as he held an arm out and motioned for them to holster their weapons.
“For God's sake Alicia, I asked you to escort Nadia's group into the command center, not draw down on them!” he said sternly.
“You never mentioned they would have an Ancient with them.” Alicia replied as she continued to hold the unwelcome alien at gunpoint.
“I don't have to explain myself to you! It's one of the perks of being your commanding officer. Now put the damn guns away!” Commander Snelling shouted.
Seconds later, Alicia slowly holstered her pistols with a single motion, quickly followed by the members of her team.
“My apologies Nadia, I assure you I had nothing to do with your team being put into danger.” the man said apologetically.
“My team was never in any danger.” Nadia replied delightfully, quickly turning her attention from Snelling to Alicia and looking through her as if she weren't there.
The group had started to walk into the direction of the command center, which had formerly been known as the Washington Monument. After Invasion Day, however, it had been designated for military conversations of a sensitive matter.
“I think I'm in love.” Calypso said quietly, his eyes locked onto the curved backside of Nadia Jacobson and his mind on her attitude.
“Shut up Calypso.” Alicia said, glancing at him for a moment before the three followed the group up the steps and into the meeting.
“It's imperative that your group makes it to Texas.” one of the Resistance advisers said, directing the comment to Commander Snelling.
“What's in Texas?” Alicia whispered under her breath to both Calypso and G as they stood in the rear of the meeting, which included nearly a hundred top Resistance officials.
“Lackland Air Force Base. Or at least what remains of it.” Nadia Jacobson said loudly, glancing into Alicia's direction as the entire room turned to face her.
Giving both G and Calypso a quick glance of disbelief, Alicia turned back to face the woman who had an unbelievable knack for hearing.
“And when we get there?” Alicia finally responded, letting the blonde bombshell know up front that her team could accomplish anything.
“Our sources have confirmed that the Ancients are holding a power cell there. We need you to retrieve it and bring it back.” Commander Snelling said.
“Holding a power cell?” G asked, a rare vocal appearance on his part.
“They are using it to power one of their forward operating bases.” a government adviser replied, wearing his tuxedo style overcoat with black and grey pinstriped hat.
“So you want us to infiltrate an Ancient forward operating base, steal their only source of power and then slip out unnoticed in hopes of beating them back here?” Alicia asked, stunned by what had just been thrown onto her plate.
No replies came for a few tense moments.
“And there's gonna be Ancients there?” Calypso asked.
“Of course there are going to be Ancients there!” Alicia said under her breath as she forcefully slapped him across the upper arm.
“Don't worry, my team will be going along to assist you.” Nadia Jacobson said proudly.
“My only worry was for the unfortunate Ancients who get in the way,” Alicia replied loudly. She then added “bitch” under her breath, knowing Nadia would surely hear her.
“You will also have full support from the Norfolk Naval Base. They consider this a top priority mission.” Commander Snelling added, trying to reassure his team.
“Naval base?” Preacher asked.
“Yes. The Ancients pushed what remained of the American people into the protection of Guardian Angel. As we watched and waited from the streets of Washington City, they systematically destroyed every single military base in the country. One by one they fell, until the Ancients hit Norfolk Naval Base. The remaining U.S. Forces continued to fall back until they were all in and around Norfolk, and when the Ancients showed up for business as usual they got their asses handed to them.” Commander Snelling replied.
“Our army doesn't have the manpower to push its way back out into what remains of the United States, but we do have plenty to hold Norfolk, even without the protection of a Guardian Angel system there.” he added.
“Impressive,” Nadia said. “In Germany, we are not so fortunate. What remains of our military has been reduced to armored Tank divisions and foot soldiers. Nothing outside of the Berlin Safe Zone is free of Ancients.” She added.
“And when we recover the power cell, our people plan to send another series of satellites into orbit?” Alicia asked.
Nadia and her team gleaned at the Commander as he nodded his approval.
“It's alright, Alicia's team has level-five clearance.” Snelling said.
“We are not planning to launch another Guardian Angel, no. The power cell is for a ship.” Nadia replied.
“A ship?” Alicia asked, puzzled at passing on the chance to create a third safe haven for the human population.
“Our scientists have been working with the Germans in constructing a large space craft that will launch and go into direct combat with the Ancients' mother ship.” Commander Snelling replied.
Alicia and her team simply stood there, trying to soak up all of the information.
“We have three power cells at the moment, and this final cell will be enough to launch against them. If our ship is successful in destroying the Ancients' mother ship, their air superiority will be gone and the entire planet will become a safe zone. They will be reduced to fighting us in a conventional war campaign.” Nadia added.
“I see,” Alicia said. “And this ship?” she asked.
“The ship is approximately the size of six standard aircraft carriers, and is currently in the final stages of production deep inside of the Berlin safe zone,” Nadia replied. “Just help us get through the wastelands and retrieve the power cell, and I promise you that the Ancients will finally begin to regret the war they created. We will show them that the Human race is much more than the weak, mindless cattle they believe us to be.” she added.
“Get your team's needed supplies in order and then get some rest. First thing tomorrow we will be sending the convoy on its way.” Commander Snelling said, nodding to his team of elite soldiers with Alicia nodding back before leaving the meeting, both Calypso and G closely behind.
“Don't worry Nadia, my team will deliver. They always do.” Snelling added as he turned back to her group.
“I'm sure working together will lead to imminent success.” she replied with a grin, slowly gathering her group to exit into the streets of Washington City.
As she sat on the worn rooftop of a building close to the safe zone perimeter, Alicia looked across the landscape, her arms wrapped around her legs. The rooftop had long been her home, a shelter as well as many comforts around her. A glimmer waved across her dark hair as she began to look directly above, watching for several minutes the glowing lights which reflected above the city in unison.
Even during the day, Guardian Angel shielded them, though it was common knowledge that the Ancients very rarely travelled during the day. It had something to do with the grey pigment of their skin and the effects of a particular strain of ultraviolet light sent down by the sun's gleam. At least that's what she had always been told. Still, at times, the Ancients would travel during the day. Shifting their forces, but always heavily shielded when doing so.
Alicia's attention was quickly pulled from the defense system above as she began to follow an earth shattering screech, followed by a second. United States Navy planes, F-16 Fighting Falcons to be exact and hauling ass to say the least as they swept past the city with ease, more than likely to execute a tactical strike on a military target nearby.
The Human race was depleted, but not extinct. And those who had survived the initial strike on Invasion Day, had a score to settle. The Ancients sent their ships in behind a wave of Hydrogen bombs, a very advanced type that fed water into the tip of the missile moments before impact. It allowed the weapon to cause mass destruction, while leaving no traces of radiation behind.
Entire cities wiped out within minutes, the only memory of them implanted into those who survived to fight back. At first, the might of Earth's largest armies fought valiantly. Yet, after only weeks, they too had fallen for the most part. The United States and Germany remained. The fact that the United States had its army stationed all over the world made it hard to be tracked down. And though it remained, the greatest Human army to ever march was down to about ten percent in strength.
The Germans were also hovering around ten percent of their force prior to Invasion Day, possibly even less. The grit of the Russian Army held the Ancients back much longer than expected. Long enough for Japan, China and North Korea to arrive in full-force.
The War of Stalingrad lasted just over a month, millions of Human warriors falling and taking with them hundreds of thousands of Ancients. For the first time, the alien race had known the true loss of war, and it was that very loss that led to their first defeat in battle. Berlin.
The weakened race of star-born murderers went into Berlin expecting swift victory, but instead found themselves backing away just two weeks later. The Germans had held, at least what remained of them. And their scientists worked around the clock with the brightest minds of the United States in developing Guardian Angel.
It was a network of low orbiting satellites, each emitting a burst of EMP on a timer. Together, they formed Guardian Angel, and ensured that nothing of a digital manner could be used. Nothing technologically advanced, and that leveled the playing field for the Humans, at least inside of Guardian Angel, which sparkled in the night sky as though stars were randomly bursting.
Humans had become dependent on a more basic way of living. A society fueled by steam power, mixed with a thirst for revenge against the grey-skinned bastards who forced them into this life. And the Ancients continued to come, though it was limited to ground based fighting and the most simplistic weapons from their arsenal. In fact, they had developed their own weaponry for use inside of Guardian Angel.
The most commonly used loadout was a Puncher(fancy term for a semi-automatic rifle that was steam-fed and packed the punch of an American .50 Caliber rifle) and a man-chete. It had a toothed blade, was arm sized and machete-like. The Ancients had decided to call it the man-chete as if to mock the Human race, the blade killing countless men since it had been put into use.
Daylight was the biggest ally for Humans in this war of species, and what remained of the military-trained wasted none of it, wringing every second of every day in order to inflict as much damage as they possibly could to a race of beings who deserved nothing less.
“From Norfolk?” Nadia asked, approaching the seated vixen with caution. “I hope you don't mind. Snelling let me know where you were staying.”
“Yea. More than likely be hearing it all day.” Alicia replied in a calm voice, turning for a moment to acknowledge her face to face. “And no, I don't mind.”
Before Nadia could respond, a squadron of the older style F-14 Tomcats blazed overhead, locked and loaded as both women were able to catch a glimpse of the fighters and their inventory of attached missiles.
“So I see,” Nadia replied. “You guys are lucky to have such a military force still intact.” she added.
“Lucky?” Alicia asked, turning to stare into the area of several large boulders that lay between the horizon of the wastelands and the edge of Washington City.
“Less than a month ago, the Ancients made it to that exact spot, nearly taking the city.” she added.
“But your air power?” Nadia asked as she sat down.
“Power? Sure, they fly by in the morning ready to get into the fight,” Alicia said. “But by dusk, the few who are lucky enough to make it back are hauling ass with their tails tucked between their legs.” she added.
A silence fell across them both for several minutes, the sound of airships landing nearby as well as explosions in the far reaches of the landscape. A direct effect of the missiles seen only moments before.
“So. The Ancient?” Alicia asked with dedicated calm.
“Which one?” Nadia replied, bursting into laughter moments later as Alicia gave her a sarcastic, yet playful look.
“Certes came to us a little over two years ago.” Nadia added.
“Willingly? As in, to aid in our defense or willingly die?” Alicia asked.
“No. He showed up at the gates of the Berlin safe zone one rainy day, said he and a few others were against the innocent slaughter of any race. Provided us with a lot of important information. To be honest, none of us trusted them at first either. But, Certes has personally saved my life more than once.” Nadia replied.
“Them? You mean there are more of them?” Alicia asked, stunned at the idea.
“Yes. Close to two dozen of them live in Berlin and aid our military. Several more who are loyal to us remain in the ranks of the Ancients, supplying us with information. Trust me, once you see what they can do in a hand to hand fight, you'll understand why Certes escorted us here.” Nadia replied.
“I wish we had the same luxury here.” Alicia responded.
“It comes at a great price,” Nadia said. “The faction of Ancients who fight us for Berlin are a different monster. Your enemy at the gates wishes to enslave you, ours prefers the salty taste of Human flesh,” she added. “I've seen them do things. Terrible things,” Nadia said before pausing. “Watching the soldiers around me having their tendons pulled from the skeletal frame beneath during battle, only to watch them feed the hunger of the bastards who slay us...it's not something I signed up for.”
“I understand.” Alicia said, turning to Nadia for a moment as silence fell across the two.
There were no words to follow, only a gaze of exploration on the part of both women. Nadia reached out a bit, smoothing the bottom of Alicia's chin with her hand as they continued their stare of forbidden expression.
“I have not been introduced to beauty such as yours in a long time, if ever.” Nadia finally said softly, her lips seeming to command Alicia's every thought.
Alicia was attracted to everything about Nadia. Her gorgeous figure, pursed lips and even the thick of her accent. She could tell that Nadia was a woman of high standards when it came to physical attraction, her attention to detail the giveaway.
“And I've noticed your eyes on me. In me,” Nadia said. “Am I right?”
Rather than verbally reply, Alicia continued her stare, gently bringing her tongue across her lips, before leaning in a bit.
Less than a second after Nadia had leaned herself, ready to begin a kiss which would surely lead to much more, the concrete block directly to the right side of her head burst into compacted dust, the sound of an extremely loud gunshot hanging through the streets of their section in Washington City.
Alicia lunged to Nadia, knocking her to safety as they both lay on the rooftop, Alicia straddling Nadia in what quickly became an intense, yet awkward moment, lips nearly touching. Had the situation been any different, she would have taken advantage of the moment by feeling Nadia out with both her hands and lips. However, her insatiable lust would have to wait as they took fire.
Pulling her two combat pistols out, Alicia's arm was quickly grabbed by Nadia, who looked at her with embarrassment.
“It's Preacher.” she said as Alicia stood there speechless.
“Your own team shoots at you?” she asked in disbelief as Nadia walked to the ledge of the roof.
“What did I tell you about doing that!” Nadia yelled into the direction of Preacher as he stood with Calypso on the street below.
She too had longed for a kiss that nearly took place, cursing in her mind the grimy sniper who had shattered such a perfectly-sexual moment.
“I was just showing him what the...” Preacher replied, cut off in mid sentence.
“I don't give a damn, stop doing it!” Nadia yelled, turning to Alicia and making their way to the steps.
“Sometimes I feel like a broken record around these social rejects.” Nadia added in a much calmer voice.
“Again I ask,” Alicia said, her thoughts on the near kiss only moments before. “Your own team shoots at you?” Alicia added as both ladies made their way to the streets below.
“Damn man, I am impressed.” Calypso said, holding the Heaven-Six rifle for himself and admiring the beauty of the weapon.
Its huge size allowed the weapon to carry the kick of a bolt action rifle, while giving the range and semi-automatic capabilities of a less powerful weapon.
The defining trait of the gun, however, was its power source. The large stock of the rifle contained a small cell, which was an Ancient technology that was normally designated for their own weapons. The glowing yellow tube had all of the properties of a highly powerful battery, though the cell technology also contained a self-charging unit.
Because of the simplistic design of the weapon and its glowing power cell of concentrated steam, it could be used inside of Guardian Angel. And in the right set of hands, used well.
Preacher could either fire shots in succession, each burst doing a decent amount of damage. Or he could harness a majority of the cell's power to fire a single shot, and a crippling one at that. Doing so forced him to wait a short time for the cell to recharge by way of steam, but it gave the sniper one thing that every soldier needs. Options. And he was damn deadly with the weapon to say the least.
“I swear to God the next time you pull that stunt I will kill you dead myself!” Nadia yelled, her chrome Luger of German design in hand and pointed into the direction of the sniper.
“Alright, alright! Easy already, damn!” Preacher replied frantically, moving his body around in the event of a misfire by Nadia's pistol.
“And I thought we had our own problems.” Calypso said with a grin.
“Shut up Calypso.” Alicia calmly replied as she walked up behind the perfectly shaped body of Nadia, her attention on the rounded ass of the German knockout rather than the strongman of her team.
They had remained indoors for most of the day, resting and double checking their supplies. Weapons and rations were the two most important, although Alicia's team packed an extra satchel full of anything they thought worth trading. Anyone familiar with the wastelands knew that it was filled with Ancients as well as Nomads. Just a fancy name for Human survivors, it was actually very misleading. Most of them did no moving around, instead residing in full communities that were usually located in remote areas or even caverns.
There was one striking difference between Separatists and Nomads, however. Separatists lived in peace while Nomads took what they wanted by force. They were essentially an organized gang that lived by its own rules. Rules that included the occasional ransacking of a Separatist town, kidnapping of other Humans for the purpose of breeding, slaying Ancients they came across and outnumbered, and sadly, even killing Resistance soldiers. They were groups without conscience. A fuck the world attitude combined with weapons, a kill to survive mentality and their very own agenda.
Some of the more aggressive Ancients, the type at Berlin's doorstep, would kill humans on sight. However the ones who controlled what used to be North America, simply considered Nomads to be one of two things. A good resource for slave trade or a complete waste of time. The fact was, in the eyes of the Ancients who moved across these lands on their way to Washington City, Nomads presented no real danger. They were glorified farming communities with no real weapons to speak of.
The Ancients instead focused on the ongoing fight against remaining military forces. Even worse, some Nomads had even sold out their own kind in exchange for the freedom of being left alone.
Inside the secure confines of Washington City, Alicia and her team were some of the most elite freedom fighters left in what was once considered the United States.
Once outside the safety of Guardian Angel, however, they were nothing more than survivors, at least in the minds of Nomads and Separatists. Taking goods to trade would give them a better chance of finding safe houses among the Humans who had accepted Ancient rule, and present them with a much better chance of completing the task.
“He doesn't talk much huh?” Alicia asked of Certes.
Alicia and Nadia had both done their part to avoid the other throughout the day. The biggest reason was their fear of the group becoming wise to their lust for one another. And, of course, they weren't sure that they could practice self-control a second time.
“No, not a lot.” Nadia replied as both teams were inside the same small barracks-style building which stood near the edge of Washington City.
“What a coincidence, he doesn't either,” Calypso said, looking into the direction of G. “Of course Certes outweighs him by about three hundred pounds and G is cursed with a face that only a mother could love.” he added before glancing around the room and bursting in laughter.
“I know. Shut up Calypso.” he added after catching a stern look from Alicia.
No argument or plea of defense came from the direction of G. Calypso was right about all of it, only leaving out the most important part. G was feared. A well-earned fear.
Though not large by any standard, he was a slayer of demons, having more kills to his name than anyone else in the room. When it came down to a fight to the death, G was prepared to do anything to continue living.
That was a well accepted trait among his peers, much more so than his hobby. The violin. It seemed to calm him when playing, and the vintage Guarneri violin he had managed to salvage during a raid in Old Virginia was a sight to see. Absolutely an antique, the wooden masterpiece had very few gashes, just enough to remind everyone of a time that once was. A time before demons walked among men. Of course, their respect for the instrument quickly faded when G began playing. Though he considered himself a formidable violinist, he was anything but.
However, he was a very important part of their team, and if that meant he was cursed with the face that only a mother could love, as well as a severe lack of musical talent, so be it.
Nadia and Preacher both spent several long moments staring at G, who was crouched over and sharpening the long blade which normally rested in a sheath on his back. As they both wondered what kind of person would willingly carry a violin into battle as though it were a weapon, their attention turned to the large window which faced the front side of the building.
It had a direct view of the city's edge, which was the best seat in the house as Washington City's bell began to ring loudly; dusk quickly setting it. Several Resistance fighter jets came screaming overhead, multiple Ancient fighter planes behind them.
Nadia had never been this close to the Ancients' air superiority, having only faced their ground forces in the past. The small black ships blazed into the direction of Washington City, silver writing placed on them in what what resembled a tribal design.
Firing on the F-14 Tomcats that were in full retreat, the Ancient ships dispersed glowing yellow tracer rounds in mass quantity, pummeling one of fighter planes as it quickly fell into the far reaches of the horizon.
Moments later, the Ancient ships were forced to break pattern as the steam-powered Gatling guns which were mounted into strategic towers throughout the city began firing back. Man made lead retaliated, forcing the most dominant species known to man into a full retreat. 
Small arms fire could easily be used within the safe area of Guardian Angel, however anything as large as an aircraft would fall right from the sky because of the constant electromagnetic pulse that was given. The Resistance had been intelligent enough to change the pattern of Guardian Angel each and every day, and their pilots had the magnetic blanket of protection plotted into their navigational systems. The Ancients didn't.
While the Human pilots could simply weave in and out of the waves of destruction, the Ancients would be in a virtual minefield and knew well enough to turn back when they had gotten this close. The pounding guns of steam power placed throughout Washington City just added to their reasoning.
Of course, the Ancients had tried to ransack Washington City by way of foot in the past, expecting to walk through the streets in force and conquer at will. Resistance soldiers had staved off more than one attack, usually led by Alicia's group. They had gotten close to taking the city on several occasions, even once taking a small portion of Washington City for nearly a week.
After suffering huge losses, the Humans eventually regained control of Washington City, keeping what Ancient weapons and supplies they could in doing so.
The city was actually in a lot better shape than Berlin. Although it was also under a shroud of protection from above, the Germans had fought off and on for nearly a year inside the city to remain in control. It was the help of Russian survivors that finally pushed the Ancients out, which was ironic if you follow the history of things.
There was no more United States, no more Germany, Russia or any other country that stood before the invasion. Now there were just those who had succumb to the rule of Ancients, those who survived day-to-day and by any means necessary and the Resistance.
As they all lay in their bunks for the night, Nadia and her team found it hard to rest. Slowly, it became evident to them that the thundering skies in the background were in fact explosions. She wasn't sure, but Nadia felt the noise must have been traveling all the way from the Norfolk base as she could almost make out the sounds of planes streaking across the sky, both Human and Ancient.
However, Nadia's thoughts quickly drifted to Alicia. Her body longed to be with the brunette, laying under the same blanket of warmth and sharing passion through the night. She wondered if Alicia slept, or if in fact, her own thoughts were on Nadia in the same fashion?
Either way, it didn't matter. She had been sent to do a job, and her work had to come first, even if it meant doing the unspeakable.
It seemed like a different world outside the walls of protection that surrounded Washington City. Out there, spaceships were locked into dogfights with near-obsolete military jets. While in here, citizens traveled through the streets by horse and buggy in a Victorian style that was reminiscent of three hundred years prior.
Forced to survive by torch and lamplight, while living in modernized skyscrapers was a bit strange at first. But they had all gotten used to it, though Nadia's thoughts remained on the cream complexion and welcoming lips of Alicia Lucard.
When they had heard the word caravan, the entire group had pictured something a bit, well a bit bigger. Instead, the six of them stood in the morning sun staring at a medium sized buggy. It looked more like a western stagecoach, complete with a steam powered engine and long wave radio which could be used once they entered into the wastelands.
Nadia began to think of the buggy as more of a time machine in the sense that it was taking them from a world of high rise buildings and into the despair of primitive living.
She had also hoped to spend a bit of time with Alica. Possibly get to know the brunette who currently fluttered her heart with glances across the room. Subtle looks, but looks that were blanketed in the yearning for more time alone.
Nadia returned them with a look of her own, smiling slightly and attaching it to her dedicated stare. The rest of the group had no idea of the mounting chemistry between the two bombshells, due largely to the fact that Calypso continued his barrage of bitching.
“You mean to tell me we got the backing of the Norfolk Naval Base, and yet, we gotta ride around in this piece of shit?”
“I think they mean to be inconspicuous,” Alicia replied, never breaking her stare with Nadia as if it were a two-way conversation. “They want to make sure everything is perfect before putting all of their cards on the table.”
“On the table my ass, this is fucking embarrassing.” Calypso replied.
“I disagree,” Nadia said, walking to the stagecoach which sat in front of them. “She's solid, and made of only the finest material,” she added, gently placing her hand onto the wood of the buggy as she slowly smoothed it across the fine grain. “I believe that no matter what she's put through, she will handle herself just fine.”
Alicia had picked up on the covert conversation, looking Nadia in the eyes as she once again rubbed the tip of her tongue to such spongy lips.
“Yep, looks to me like she could take a pounding if necessary.” Alicia replied, looking Nadia's perfectly trimmed body up and down.
“Why does the stagecoach have to be a she?” Calypso asked. “Everything a woman sees, she just assumes it's a woman too.”
“Oh, she's a woman,” Nadia replied. “I can tell by the rounding of her bottom and firmness of her top.” she added.
“I don't see anything but wood?” G added to the conversation, his violin secured tightly to his upper back.
“Which is why it'll just be another trip for you. For me, on the other hand, I'm hoping it turns into one hell of a ride,” Nadia said. “If I'm lucky.”
“If you're lucky.” Alicia replied softly as she knelt down to check the spokes of the wheel closest to her. Purposely, of course, placing her lips only inches from the thighs of Nadia's elegant body.
Nadia glanced back as the buggy began forward, looking solidly for several moments at the German airship that remained docked and under the protection of the soldiers who had escorted her team into Washington City.
Preacher and G sat on the wooden bench at the front of the stagecoach, horses pulling it to assist with the steam which flowed through several copper pipes beneath the frame of the transport. Meanwhile, Alicia, Calypso, Nadia and Certes remained inside, sitting in what greatly resembled the single compartment of a passenger train.
For the longest time, Alicia felt very uncomfortable being in such close proximity to an Ancient, but trusted Calypso with her life and was well aware of his abilities in battle. If somehow this was a trap, the Ancient would be hard pressed to make it out of the crew cabin alive.
She also felt a bit overwhelmed, sitting so closely to Nadia and being able to do nothing about it. A small part of her wondered what consequences would follow if she simply leaned in to kiss the German-born blonde? What if she just dropped the expectations of others and began making out with the woman who continued her stare onto Alicia? Eventually, Nadia paused from her stare to turn her attention out of the small window beside of her, Alicia studying her every figure closely closely.
As another reminder of protection, a formation of F-14 Tomcats flew by, diving down close to the hard deck for a second to let the crew know they had a lot of air support. During the daytime at least. They had traveled several hundred yards outside of the safe zone, when Calypso leaned over to turn their long range radio on.
The battery powered unit fired up as the strongman began slowly spinning a large knob on its exterior, finally picking up a transmission.
“The invaders continue to try their luck at the Norfolk Naval Compound. Just as surely as this transmission is being broadcast to our surviving brothers and sisters abroad, the invaders continue to be turned away. Time and time again. Yesterday our birds executed a tactical strike near the Old Baltimore settlement, and sources on the ground are confirming massive Ancient casualties. Stay strong fellow Humans, and together we will drive the invaders away and rebuild our civilization.” a man's voice slowly said.
“Serves the bastards right.” Calypso said proudly as the radio transmission began to loop. “Oh, sorry.” he added apologetically to Certes.
“Don't be,” the Ancient said, taking both Calypso and Alicia by surprise, hearing him speak for the first time. “It does serve them right. The murdering bastards,” he added in a deep and concentrated voice as he continued looking out of the buggy at the wastelands around them. “Not all of us believe as they do. We should not kill simply because we possess the ability to do so,” he added, turning back to look at the group. “Some of us wanted a peaceful return to Earth...not the murder and slavery that has taken place.”
“There's something that has always escaped me, if you don't mind?” Alica asked with seriousness.
“Ask. By all means.” Certes replied.
“From what I understand, the Ancients were here during the rise of the Egyptian empires,” Alicia said as she looked to the Resistance-sworn demon, the tint of his eyes enough to frighten most to their bones. “But then you left, and after all this time...you return?”
“We have been gone for quite some time according to your standards, that much is true,” Certes replied. “But according to ours, it has not been so long.”
“But why return now? Why at all?”
“Earth is only one of many planets which we harvest from, the force which arrived here only a fraction of our species.” Certes answered.
“Have you told the Germans this? Would it make any sense to even attempt a fight against the Ancient mothership if this is the case? Wouldn't your race just send more?” Alicia asked.
“No.” Certes replied.
“No?” she asked.
“My race, much like your very own, is divided in its beliefs,” Certes said. “Division breeds weakness,” he added before turning back to face the landscape outside of the window. “The very faction which slaughters innocent Humans in Germany has had many wars with the Ancients at your own doorstep.”
“And so your race is waiting. Figuring the strongest of the two factions has earned its right to control Earth?” Alicia asked.
“Exactly,” Certes replied. “The plan was to invade Earth and quickly control its inhabitants, at which point the real war was to begin.”
“And if Humanity was to somehow prevail?” Alicia asked.
“It was decided long ago by our governing body that should Humanity somehow defeat us, that they would be allowed to live in peace.”
“Maybe I misjudged you. Maybe you can be trusted.” Alicia said jokingly to try and lighten the mood, thick tension running amok throughout the cabin area of the buggy.
“A lot more so than many of your own people.” Certes replied, immediately getting an icy stare from Nadia.
“What do you mean by that?” Alicia asked.
“We got company!” Preacher yelled back to the group as he pulled the horses back with the attached leather straps. Alicia, like the rest of the passengers, immediately broke away from the conversation to pull her weapons into play.
Two men on horseback approached, both wearing crimson red overcoats with gold sashes hanging from their waists. They each had a long barrel shotgun, but the weapons were holstered onto the sides of their horses.
“Nomads. Their sashes are a giveaway.” Alicia said in a soft voice.
“Should we be concerned?” Nadia asked.
“It depends on whether or not they are the aggressive type,” Alicia replied, turning to look at the woman of complete beauty. “If so, your concern should be for them.” she added with a smile as Calypso placed a hand onto the shotgun which remained holstered to his thigh.
The buggy came to a complete stop, both of the horsemen barely visible in front of it as dust clouded around the group for a moment.
“Can we help you?” one of the horsemen yelled in a friendly but probing tone.
“Just passing through the wastelands, trying to make our way to Old Mexico. Looking for a place to lay low for the night and perhaps do a little trading.” Preacher responded, looking innocent enough as he awaited a reply.
The group inside of the stagecoach listened quietly, each awaiting the fate of what was to come. Either a fight for survival would ensue, or they would be allowed to pass. Alicia's crew hoped the latter was the case, as they made a living killing Ancients, not their own race.
Though they had done so on many occasions, in fact, any member of her team could more than likely kill both riders with nothing more than a rock in hand. They were that good. Still, as they sat in an unmarked stagecoach and looked the part of simple travelers, they each hoped for peace, having no idea how many more Nomads resided nearby.
“What are you transporting?” one of the horsemen asked abruptly.
“Well, here we go.” Alicia said softly, pulling one of her pistols to the ready and waiting for official word of the fight to come.
“Only the supplies we have for trade. Which way?” Preacher replied loudly, serving warning to the men that he and his crew were prepared to defend what was theirs.
A stare-off began to take place. Many Nomads were like the schoolyard bully, at least to a degree. If they thought you would allow them to take your belongings, they would. But Nomads were survivors, just like any other Human. And if they felt you would be a threat to their survival, in some cases they would allow a live and let live attitude. Unless, of course, they needed whatever you were carrying badly enough to kill you for it.
“Beyond that ridge,” the horseman replied, turning to point into the direction of a small line of mountains. “A couple of hours ride to New Kinneston. Plenty of trading and lodging there.” he added.
“Ancients?” G asked, still holding an unseen pistol across his lap, one of filth and questionable firing ability.
“Not very often. Usually only see them blazing through the air.” the horseman replied.
“Much obliged friend.” Preacher said loudly, both horsemen nodding and riding away quickly.
“They look too organized to be garden-variety Nomads, but we should be alright there for the night.” Preacher said, his head turned as he relayed the message to the four passengers of the stagecoach, Alicia approving the plan with a simple nod.
As she turned her attention from him, Alicia quickly picked up the look of Nadia. One of desire. A stare that was quickly returned with one of her own, both of the women looking onto each other as though the world ended tonight and they couldn't be fast enough about exploring the body of the other.




Chapter 2
*Beware Bad Things*


And the ride continued as dusk began to set in over the landscape of powder blue canvas, New Kinneston becoming visible to the group. It looked to be a very small town, though the center did contain a few multi-story buildings..
“Certes, it would be best if you remained here,” Alicia said with pause. “Don't want to alarm any of the locals.”
“It's alright. I get it.” the loyal Ancient warrior replied.
“The rest of you try to find us a place to lay low for the night. I'm going to see what kind of authority they have in place here. Possibly find out where the next settlement is located.” Alicia said.
“Need me to come with you?” Calypso asked.
“No thanks, I've got it,” she said with a bit of a smiling. “If I need help, I'll just yell really loud.” Alicia added with a bit of sarcasm.
“You do that.” Calypso replied, knowing good and well that she was presenting him with the facts. She could take care of herself, and in fact, rushed to his aid more times than not.
Nadia, Calypso and G headed off to find a place to lay low for the night. A hard task in a settlement full of people who immediately knew they weren't citizens; seemingly everyone casting stares to them as the group eased their way through the string of small businesses.
“I'm sorry we have to do this.” Preacher said as he waited outside the stagecoach, talking to his Ancient friend through a small window.
“It is to be expected.” Certes replied.
Of course he felt like a burden at times, people either drawing weapons or fearing him before an official introduction.
Sure, he was an Ancient, and as a species they were conscienceless murderers. But he was one of the good guys, one of the Ancients that actually gave a damn about others despite their differences. His team knew it, but felt hindered at times when trying to plead to others for the same type of understanding.
Certes was the first to notice. Maybe it was his superior senses, or just the need to be observant. Either way, he had counted eleven of the sash wearing Nomads in town. And though he was the first to notice, he wasn't alone.
As Alicia walked slowly up the wooden steps which led to a small building marked Sheriff, she paused for a moment to nod at one of the sash bearing men who sat in a wooden chair close to the door.
“Evening.” Alicia said softly, nodding her head to the man for a moment.
Though it came across as good etiquette, she was merely feeling the man out a bit. He carried a primitive styled revolver on his hip, and that was the information she required as she spoke, her gesture answered with a nod of the man's head.
Entering the building slowly, she approached a long desk made of cherry. The smooth wood of such a lavish desk struck her as odd, making Alicia wonder what type of lawman would have furnished his office at such expense. She then noticed a man sitting behind the desk, as well as another sitting in the far corner near the window of the building. 
“Evening,” Alicia said to the man sitting behind the desk, her words quickly warded off with a stone glance. “The Sheriff in?”
“He's tied up at the moment, what can I do for you?” the man asked, his rough voice echoing loudly throughout the wooden confines of the building.
She had planned to ask him if there was an Ancient presence expected in New Kinneston, maybe even ask if there was a place to get the best meal home cooking could provide.
Instead, her questions were stopped short as she saw a man's feet through the narrow doorway which led into a back room. Laying down and tied, the man's feet kicked wildly.
A mere moment after realizing what she had walked into, the man behind the desk read Alicia's face well enough to know she understood the situation.
As he stood straight to his feet, pulling a side revolver to the ready, Alicia quickly grabbed his gun hand and fired four shots from the weapon, all four slugs hitting the man in the corner who had jumped up to aid his friend. The scrappy vixen then swung her free arm around for a moment, burying her elbow flush into the shooter's face and rendering him defenseless onto the floor.
Now holding his revolver, Alicia quickly pointed to the door and hit the man rushing in from the porch with one of the last two bullets, immediately aiming down to the floor and firing the last shot into the heart of the only man still breathing.
Three men dead and a hollow chambered revolver falling to the floor, all within the span of ten seconds. It wasn't even close to her own personal record, but damn impressive to say the least.
As Alicia made her way to the rear of the building, using great caution with her own pistols now in hand, she leaned around the corner of the doorway slightly. A man clad in brown leather, shiny silver star on the front of his jacket, lay in the floor with his hands, feet and mouth bound.
“You the Sheriff?” Alicia asked, her military-grade pistols catching his attention. He then glanced down to the star on his chest. A bit less chrome colored than to be expected, but shiny nonetheless.
Alicia began pulling the cloth gag from his mouth as he lay there, overwhelmed by her natural beauty.
“Can I help you?” the Sheriff asked, his extremities still bound tightly.
Alicia answered with a smug look.
“Yea, I get it. The whole bound and gagged thing.” he replied.
“Happen often?” Alicia asked with sarcasm.
“Now and again,” he replied as she stopped, staring at him with disbelief. “It's complicated.” he added.
“There you go Sheriff.” Alicia said, tossing the loosened rope to the corner of the room.
“Much obliged ma'am,” he said, extending his hand. “Name is Austin Garrett.”
“Good to know.” Alicia replied.
“And how about you pretty lady, got a name?” he asked.
“Yes. Are you hitting on me?” she asked.
“No,” Austin said, smiling a bit. “Well maybe, is it working?” he asked.
“Not so much.” she replied with a bit of smiling on her part.
As Austin walked into the main room of his office, finding three Nomads laying dead on the wood grain floors, he adopted a look of disgust.
“I figured you'd be a bit happier.” Alicia said, trying to figure out why Austin had such a look upon his face.
“I am happy to be out of rope,” he said, using his hand to stroke through the closely cut whiskers on his face. “It's just when the other Nomads find out about this, the people of New Kinneston are in for a lot of trouble.”
“I expect they heard the gunshots.” Alicia said.
“Doubtful, it's Tuesday.” he replied.
“Ah yes...Tuesday.” she replied with a grin, having absolutely no idea what bearing that had on anything.
“Tuesday is karaoke night. The rest of 'em are no doubt packed in the Moose Lodge listening to loud music and boozing up.” Austin replied.
“Moose Lodge...you're kidding?” Alicia asked, having no idea what to make of the fact that Humans had all but fallen to a superior race of warriors, yet there was still time for domestic beer and bad Country music.
Just as she was going to ask him to elaborate, the door sprang open abruptly. Calypso was the first in, his gun ready to chew into whatever it was tasked to. G followed, long rifle at the ready as Nadia was closely behind with a pistol in hand.
“Took long enough,” Alicia said loudly, stepping between Sheriff Garrett and the readied guns of her team. “There were only three, and I took care of them.” she added.
Only three? I think I'm in love. Austin thought as he watched the subtle motions of such a beautiful woman.
“Well it's dark, so let's just hope nobody else heard the gunshots.” Nadia said, her accent recognizable to say the least.
“No worries, I think our secret is safe.” Alicia replied, grinning at the lawman and thinking of his damn karaoke night.
“What are you people?” Austin asked.
Alicia wanted to tell him, but after glancing to her team and seeing Nadia warn her off, she simply answered with a smile.
Nearly an hour passed in New Kinneston, the light of Guardian Angel barely visible in the distant night sky. The group of soldiers for Humanity were indeed a long way from the protection of their home. Still they sat, arguing with the Sheriff about such important matters.
“And that's why it's imperative that you allow us to stay here undetected overnight.” Nadia said, having finally been convinced that Austin could be trusted.
“I get that. It's just that I don't want the folks of this town drug into a mess between you and the Ancients. That's all.” Sheriff Austin replied.
“You were drug into the mess a long time ago,” Alicia said with a loud tone. “You are Human! The Ancients wiped out a majority of your own kind! The day they arrived, guns blazing, you and everyone in this damn town became involved!”
Rather than reply, Austin glanced around for a moment, quickly turning to exit his own building.
“I'll go and...” Alicia started to say, her words quickly squashed.
“No. I'll go, you've done enough already.” Nadia said, her hair shimmering of blonde as the woman of perfected beauty slowly made her way outside.
“Don't worry, I'm not going to sell you out or anything.” Sheriff Austin said, words dripping of sarcasm as he leaned forward, his hands gripping a wooden rail that nearly surrounded the front porch of the office.
“I came out here to check on you, that's all.” Nadia replied.
Austin continued to stare into the distant sky, and the battle explosions that mirrored those of a fireworks display.
“I know the Ancients are slayers of mankind. I don't need her to tell me that, I lost plenty during the first few weeks. My own family, not to mention friends and pretty much everyone I know.” he said with sadness etched into his face. “Knew.” he added.
“I know that,” Nadia replied, standing beside him and putting her own hands onto the railing of wooden white. “I too lost, we all have.”
“Other than the local Nomads, we've been allowed to live in peace. The Ancients have left this town alone, other than occasionally passing through on their way to that.” Sheriff Austin said, glancing directly onto the distant fighting which illuminated the night sky.
“You've been allowed to live peacefully because you are slaves.” Nadia said, turning to look into the battle as well.
“What you need to understand is the battle that seems so far away is Washington City. And for the people who live there, it isn't so far away. It's at their doorstep. They aren't allowed to live in peace, their eyes know of only war.” she added.
Both Nadia and Austin stood there for several moments, which seemed to bleed into minutes. Flashes of bright red and yellow bursting out above what was indeed the city of Washington.
“It looks beautiful from here, but for the people who live there, it isn't. They are losing family every day. Every explosion. Wives, children, husbands,” Nadia said, her voice as soft as the bloom of a flower. “Eventually you will have to choose your side in this war.” she said, turning away from him a bit. “I've chosen mine.”
Austin acknowledged her words with a nod, his mind locked onto the flashes of light as he remembered his own wife and children. They had perished during the war for Baltimore City. Less than two hours of soldiers exchanging fire changed Baltimore forever, not to mention his own life.
Nadia placed her hand onto his back softly for a moment, leaving the Sheriff to his thoughts as she once again entered the office in which the group had deemed the safest spot in New Kinneston.
Nadia was the last to be awakened, Preacher standing over her, covering her mouth as he used his lips to motion the words “Get up.”
No sound had escaped his lips, though the motion of them was enough to warn Nadia of danger impending.
Preacher placed a single finger over his lips, warning her to be quiet as he helped Nadia to her feet. The rest of the group was already up, aware and readying weapons in the most silent of fashions.
Sheriff Austin Garrett had put them up in the rear of the building, a small room that was away from everything else. They all prepared themselves, setting up into perfect defensive position as Nadia stood closely to the narrow door that led to the the rest of the building.
“I've seen no such group in this area.” Austin said, his voice never faltering.
Nadia felt happy, a sense of righteous coming from his words as she stood there, watching a man who had finally chosen the Human race in such chaotic times, and envying him for his clear conscience in doing so.
Her happiness seemed to fall from the sky, crashing around her feet like shattered glass as an Ancient soldier approached Austin and extended its gray hand of thick-skinned claws around his chin.
“If you're lying to us.” the Ancient said, its voice raspy and chilling, to say the least.
G grabbed Nadia's hand, which was reaching for her Luger. Shaking his head, he quickly let her know that they were grossly outmatched. It was an entire Ancient Division of soldiers, which meant thousands in numbers, making its way to a fight in Washington City.
“I have no cause to lie. You have allowed us to live in peace here, why would I endanger that?” Sheriff Austin replied with confidence.
“All the same, we will be leaving a team of warriors behind to remain in New Kinneston.” the demon replied.
“As you wish.” Austin replied.
As the Ancient made its way back outside, the thin wooden door shutting slowly, Austin sat back down in his chair, exhausted and afraid of what was to come. If he had sold out Nadia and her group, he and the people of New Kinneston would be allowed to remain living in peace.
Instead, he had chosen to finally take stance against the bastards who had slain his own family. Now he simply wondered how good Nadia, Alicia and their teams were.
As he sulked in his chair, the caring eyes of Alicia Lucard watched over him. She could see he was hurting deeply, both from the recent decision, as well as from the past which continued to haunt him. She wanted so badly to enter the room and hold the hurting man in her arms, his strength, in many ways, was more than her very own. Her compassion for the Human race would have been a disadvantage, if not for her appreciation of beauty. But comforting him at the moment would compromise the group.
“We need to get outside of New Kinneston. Radio Norfolk and have them air strike the town tonight.” Alicia said in a soft voice.
“Absolutely not.” Nadia replied with haste, her words accompanied by a stern look. It was not a look that Alicia had grown used to seeing.
“We have a chance to do the greater good here. Take out an entire Ancient Division within minutes!” Alicia said, her words a bit louder but still hushed by any standard.
“I said no,” Nadia replied as if to dare Alicia to respond. “I will not kill my own kind in order to slow the Ancients. Nor will I stand by and watch it happen.”
“This is my group, and as long as I am in charge...” Alicia said, her statement cut off sharply.
“That is your group,” Nadia said as she pointed to both G and Calypso. “And I respect your ability to lead them. But I swear to the Gods above if anyone tries to radio in an air strike, I will put a bullet between their eyes in order to save the people of this town. And that, my dear, is the greater good.”
And with her words, a crashing sense of realism came down on Alicia, squashing any desire to be with a woman whom she had only moments before considered to be so desirable.
“Well said.” Sheriff Austin replied, entering the room as Nadia and Alicia remained involved in a stare of ill intent.
“I just risked everything to help you people, and you're back here talking about killing the citizens of New Kinneston,” Austin said, looking at Alicia. “That's kind of tacky.”
Nadia wanted to continue her stare, she honestly did, but instead she found herself laughing a bit before turning to Austin. “You're kind of funny, you know that?”
“Just be glad we didn't meet at the Moose Lodge,” he said with a grin. “And when I don't have Ancients trying to kill me...there's always that too.”
“My Templar, should we continue our assault on Washington City?” an Ancient warrior asked, his extensive hair length an indication of both age and experience.
“Yes. But we will leave a team of Butchers behind, and they are to remain in New Kinneston.” the Templar replied. “Have them sweep through the town, and should they find any Resistance soldiers, kill everyone with a heartbeat.”
The Templar had knotted locks of grey falling down his back, piercing eyes of orange and a thin frame compared to most of those who fought under his command.
However, he carried two things that signified his authority among the Ancients. A reflective orange sidearm, which was semi-automatic but possessed a punishing amount of power; also a tattoo of black which was branded into his forehead.
Unlike Humanity's military system, the Ancients kept rank. Once proving themselves on a battlefield, they were judged based upon their leadership skills, ability to slay and precision when doing both.
After the Ancient Council determined a soldier's worth, they were branded to signify rank. Most soldiers carried a simple brand of tribal design on the right shoulder. However, Commanders were few and far between, easily recognized by that imprinting of flesh on the forehead.
And then there were the Butchers. They wore banded armor around their torso, though a large spot in the sternum area was open, a spot that revealed their branding. They had no hair to speak of, their scalps shaven to a shine of grey, with occasional scarring also finding its home there. Elongated bottom jaw teeth rose from their mouths, giving the illusion of fangs from a distance, as their shimmer-orange eyes looked almost like those during a possession of a demonic variety.
Lastly, they had huge blades strapped to their backs. Very crude, the blades had a rigid edge that, in most cases, seemed to cut like a set of teeth. Simply put, they were a larger version on the man-chete. And though the massive amount of arm strength that a Butcher could pull from usually cut its victim in half, at times it didn't, in which case they could pull the blade back to them, ripping out large bits of flesh and vital organ in doing so.
“Yes my Templar!” the soldier said, turning to execute his order.
“And have them monitor all radio traffic. We picked up a transmission less than one hour ago, it was Resistance coded and requested an air strike of this very town.” the Templar added.
“My Templar?” the soldier asked.
“The Resistance is here, I know it. Have the Butchers locate them, and spare no expense in doing so.” he replied, bone white teeth gritting roughly.
“At once my Templar.” the Ancient soldier replied.
And with that, several minutes passed as the Templar stood silent, his eyes skimming the surrounding buildings of New Kinneston. He wanted nothing more than to remain behind himself to find the Resistance fighters being harbored by the town. Murder everyone involved and then torch the city on his way out.
But, unfortunately for him, he was under strict orders from the Ancient Council. Sack Washington City at any cost. He had roughly six-thousand star-born beasts under his command, each with a hate for the Human race that knew few boundaries. Each was well experienced, well versed in the art of war and well aware that failure was not an option.
And though it took nearly thirty minutes, the entire Ancient Division headed out, most on foot while a few of the higher ranking demons did so by way of armored vehicles.
“Thought those bastards would never leave.” G said, turning to rejoin the rest of his group.
“Not all of them left,” Austin said as he entered the rear of the Sheriff's Office. “They left four behind.”
“Four? That's it?” G asked.
“Yea, but they are Butchers from the look of 'em.” Calypso replied.
With his words, everyone stood to their feet, each knowing the dangers associated with such a powerful unit. Certes slowly removed his hood, no longer needing to remain hidden. The town had made its choice from the lips of Sheriff Austin Garrett; for better or for worse.
“I overheard the Templar say they picked up radio traffic requesting a Resistance air strike.” Austin said.
“You bitch.” Nadia said, quickly pulling her sidearm.
Though it would do no good, her draw just a bit slower than that of Alicia, who held a weapon of her own in Nadia's direction.
“Don't worry, I didn't have time to call it in. Remember?” Alicia said, her pistol hand steadily waiting. “Now I'm going to give you just a moment to compute that, at which time you either back down, bitch, or I'll bury you.”
Nadia wanted to pin it all on Alicia, she honestly did. Sexual desires aside, they had gotten off on the wrong foot in their first meeting, and hated one another with passion since. But Alicia was right, she had to be, Nadia had been in the same room with her for hours. It wasn't possible for any of them to have called in and requested an air strike. They had all been together.
“Who then?” Nadia asked, slowly moving her hand away from the weapon which remained holstered onto her hip.
“I'm not sure,” Alicia replied, nodding a bit to accept the fact that Nadia had indeed backed down from confrontation. “Someone in this town or nearby. Has to be.”
“More importantly, what the hell are we going to do about the Butchers?” Preacher asked.
“I'd say that's a mighty fine question,” Austin said, turning to the rest of the Resistance soldiers. “How much experience have you all had against these big fuckers?”
“None, other than what I've read in textbooks and reports.” Nadia replied, Austin quickly turning as if to give her a look of shame.
“We've had our fair share.” Alicia said, her words gaining the attention of the Sheriff as well as members of Nadia's group.
“You have?” Austin asked, though his question was universal among them.
Alicia nodded, then turning to Calypso, who raised his shirt to reveal a scar. It began at the inner of his shoulder blade and ran down below his navel.
“Had a Butcher lay me wide open during an early battle for Washington City,” Calypso said. “Next thing I knew, Alicia was there with guns blazing and before I had time to blink, the Butcher was dead and I was on an operating table. She saved my life.”
Though the compliment of battle hit her ears, Alicia remained focused on a small portion of the window, her back turned to the group.
“Wait,” Alicia said abruptly. “Wait, what is that?”
As the group rushed to the window, she saw it once more. A glimmer of light flashing, almost in code fashion to them.
“Not sure, but whoever it is,” G said. “They're wearing a United States Naval patch.” he added as his eye pressed firmly to the scope of his weapon.
G watched through the magnified glass as the stranger reflected the small glimmer of light into their direction.
“Austin, the Butchers are doing a sweep of the town. Go out and make an appearance, otherwise they will begin to suspect you.” Alicia said.
He wanted to refuse. Even as the sworn law of New Kinneston, he wanted to be as far away from the sight of Butchers as he possibly could. But the fact that Alicia had indeed killed the bastards before established her as the true leader of this group. At least in his eyes.
And he trusted her instinct, simply nodding and reluctantly walking back outside to appear normal to both the townspeople and the monsters left behind with orders to slaughter on sight.
“G, you're with me. The rest of you ease out to see if you can find the Ancient supply cache. They must have left one for their warriors.” Alicia said.
“Good idea.” Certes admitted, knowing Nadia would never admit it for herself.
It was well known among Resistance soldiers that any town or location the Ancients frequented, a supply cache could be found. It usually was hidden well, but contained everything they considered vital for their own survival. Weapons, mobile shelter and a communications device, among other things.
“Remember, ease out. The only thing we have on them right now is surprise, so let's keep it that way.” Alicia said, the group acknowledging her words as they turned to leave the building under a shroud of dark.
As Nadia made her way out, she turned for a moment to exchange glances with Alicia.
Their relationship had been complicated from the start, each having pulled a weapon on the other. Alicia had no desire for Germans in general, and certainly there was no love lost for a person who refused to air strike in such an obvious situation. Alicia had began to question how good of a solider Nadia was. While she respected Nadia's value of Human life, Alicia would have gladly sacrificed her own life for the chance to take out thousands of Ancients. She had known soldiers who had sacrificed theirs for much less.
Still, no matter how much she disliked Nadia as a person, her body longed for the touch of the German woman's lips. She didn't want to work beside her as a soldier, she just wanted to lay beside her as a lover. Just once.
Perhaps share their story of souls through the passion of lovemaking. But that was to be decided another day as Nadia left to locate the Ancient supply cache, her perfectly-sculpted ass only adding to the sexual desires of Alicia Lucard.
“Anything else?” she asked.
“Nothing. Nothing for the past couple of minutes now.” G replied, continuing his stare of concerned study through the scope of his weapon.
“Well, keep on it. Someone obviously knows we are here.” Alicia replied as the door creaked open once more.
“I thought I told you...” she said, her words cut short by the sight of a Butcher filling the opening of the doorway. Alicia went for her sidearm, though even she wasn't fast enough to complete the motion before the massive Butcher slapped her down through the face, his powerful hand immediately breaking her will as she fell back into a corner of the small room.
In the time it took G to turn from his scope, the demonic beast born of the sky had pulled its sword, thrusting it toward the sniper. G's only option was to lean to his left, forcing his rifle to become a non-factor. The sniper did manage to bring it front a center moments later, the stock of the weapon barely deflecting a glancing shot from the demon's massive blade.
G had recovered, quickly pulling his silhouette blade to the ready.
“Well come on,” G said in a low voice. “You shirtless fuck.”
As the Ancient warrior cleaved its way down, the large blade chopping forward, G dashed to his right, momentarily, then thrusting forward he managed to plunge nearly a foot of the silhouette into the monster.
The plan was to push forward and bury the blade deeper into the demon in the process. Instead, as G moved in, the Butcher wrapped his large hand around the sniper's neck. Its commanding grip made G pay for his mistake, squeezing until inner bones and flesh popped under the pressure.
Loosening his blade in order to tend to the wounds of his throat, G immediately felt the cut of steel, stabbing deeply into the side of his thigh and bringing with it tremendous pain.
It was a second plunge of the blade into G's torso, however, that not only ended the sniper's life, but made the rest of the town aware of the battle; G screaming at the top of his lungs as his soul departed.
Alicia's eyes still watered heavily from the stiff backhand that had disoriented her, but even with a blur of tears, she could make out the massive figure standing over her.
Her instinct was to roll to her side, and the very instinct indeed saved her life. Alicia heard the massive blade clang onto the floor as she reached for her own weaponry. Still the monster came at her, so fast that she had no choice but to roll a second time, and escaping death this time came with a price, in the form of a small slice into her side. It wasn't deep enough to allow the blade's teeth to penetrate, thankfully, but the instantaneous pain served as a reminder of the severity at hand.
Alicia was a good enough fighter to parry the sword away with a swift kick, using a second foot to thrust her body into a standing position. Great tactics when fighting against another opponent, but the Ancient Butcher was a special case, hovering above her by nearly two feet and outmatching her in weight by at least three hundred pounds.
And at the very moment that Alicia had realized she overstepped in the fight, the Butcher buried a flush elbow into her face, this time bringing both tears and blood as the defenseless woman fell to the floor limply.
She was alert to what was happening, though her body seemed too sluggish to respond. Glancing up as if to admit defeat, Alicia watched through a veil of reddened-blur as the Butcher stood over her, smiling wide. A single gunshot ended all of that, the massive body of the Ancient warrior falling dead less than a foot beside her.
“Come, we need to go.” a strange figure said, extending his arm down to help Alicia to her feet. Though she had no idea who the person was, she was sure of two things. It was a man, obvious by the tone of his voice, and he had saved her.
“Wait...my friend.” she said faintly, concerned for G.
“I'm afraid your friend is dead,” the mysterious man said. “We'll come back for him when this is finished. I promise.”
Alicia was still unable to fully make out the man's face, but her judgment told her to trust him. She responded with a nod, trying her best to stand back to her feet.
When the man realized Alicia's inability to help herself up, he hoisted her onto his shoulders and fled the Sheriff's Office, knowing well enough that the other Butchers would return soon. 
As Alicia came to, her first reaction was to quickly rise to her feet and reach for a weapon. When she found no weapons, she slowly fell back to a knee, compliments of an excruciating headache.
“Relax, I'm a friend.” the man said softly.
“My weapons, where are...” Alicia began to reply.
“They're right here. Just didn't want you to come to and start shooting, that's all.” the man replied, slowly returning them.
“Who are you? My friends...” Alicia muttered, her hand wrapped around her forehead as the blinding headache continued to hinder her.
“Your friends are fine, they're down there close to the Sheriff's Office hold up, watching the Butchers try to figure out what happened to one of their own,” he said. “And the name is Jackson Ayers. Lieutenant Jackson Ayers.”
“Lieutenant?” Alicia asked, looking into his direction, though her hand rested on the brow above her eyes.
“Unites States Navy, at least what's left of it. Stationed in Norfolk, Virginia. At least what's left of it,” he said with a chuckle. “Here, this should help your headache.” Jackson added, handing Alicia a cloth moistened with cold water.
He was a medium sized man, his body wrapped in military issue green pants and a thick bomber jacket; its polished leather a definitive signature of an aviator of the sky.
And he looked trustworthy enough to her, his face both innocent and experienced. As he smiled a bit, the slight stubble on his face reinforced the fact that he was indeed a friend.
“Long way from home.” Alicia remarked.
“Sure enough. Bastards shot me down about two clicks West of here a little over a week ago.” he said with truth. “Sorry about your friend down there.” Jackson added.
“He was a good man. A good warrior,” Alicia replied, not daring cry for G at the moment and add to an already overpowering headache. “But I guess this war has claimed many good men.”
“Claimed my RIO when we crashed, though the verdict on him was decent at best,” Jackson responded, chuckling at the light joke which even brought a smile to Alicia's face. “And you?” he asked.
Alicia paused for a moment. She had no suspicions about Jackson when it came to his position within the military. And she knew they were on the same side. Her worry was that the information inside of her head, particularly that of her current mission, was of a private nature.
“It's classified.” Alicia responded.
“I've got level five clearance,” Jackson said, stopping for a moment to find his identification card and lightly toss it into her direction. “Try me.”
As she scanned the card, Alicia couldn't help but to raise her eyes to him a few times. Not because she questioned his identity, it wasn't for that reason at all. Instead, she found herself intrigued by the man who had swooped in to save her in the last moments of what should have capped her mortal life.
He had saved her life. And if that wasn't enough, the mere sight of his face seemed to sooth her soul a bit. His entire character was one of compassion and positive energy, or so it seemed.
“Well, in that case,” she said, still a bit hesitant as she found it increasingly tough to pull her eyes from his own. Pupils of dreamy blue swirls and purity. “Heading to Texas with the group below to try and secure...” she added, her words cut short.
“No you're not.” Jackson said.
“Excuse me?” Alicia said a bit defensively.
“Trust me, you're not going to Texas.” he replied.
The two sat there, doing their best to search the other out with a dedicated stare. Alicia wanted to tell him to stay out of her mission, but as she began to speak, he cut in sharply.
“If you're going to fetch' that power cell, you can forget it.”
“How the hell...?” Alicia began to ask in a demanding voice.
“My air unit, near seventy birds total,” he said, pausing for a moment to reflect. “Was our job to hit the Ancient fortress with tank busters.”
“Yea, and?” Alicia asked, already knowing they were supposed to have a healthy amount of air support for the mission.
“They knew we were coming.” Jackson replied.
“Huh?” Alicia asked, a silent moment of disbelief taking over her body.
“Every single one of us downed, most within the span of five minutes,” Jackson said. “It was a damn trap. I got in close enough to realize that there was no Ancient fortress, just a massive force waiting for us. There's no power cell to be had, just the guarantee of death. My RIO plotted an escape route, then we tucked tail and ran. Nearly made it to New Kinneston before they clipped us.”
“How can that be?” Alicia asked, her extremities still stunned by the development.
“What? The fact that it's a trap? Or the fact that such a damn good pilot got clipped?” he replied with a smile.
She simply responded with a glowing smile of her own.
“I've been asking myself the same question since I tucked into this town,” Jackson said. “It's pretty obvious that someone sold us out. Don't know if it was one of our own or a German, but someone created the perfect scenario for executing the best soldiers our Resistance has to offer.”
Alicia began to think it through. She wondered if Commander Snelling was capable of such treachery. Or, perhaps, one of his superiors. She wondered how high up the treason went, or if the Germans being involved had anything to do with it. Was Nadia in on it as well? A multitude of things blazed through Alicia's mind, and all of them led to the death of G, one of her longest standing friends.
“Ah, don't waste too much time wrapping your head around it. I made the same mistake at first. Then I realized it doesn't matter either way, we're just pawns in some sort of political game.” Jackson said.
“Yea,” Alicia said with disgust. “A shitty one that led to my friend's death.”
“Yea, and the deaths of a hell of a lot of good pilots. Including Russell,” Jackson said, turning his attention to Alicia for a moment. “My RIO.”
“If the past isn't that important, then the future is what matters right now,” Alicia said. “Where do we go from here?”
“Well, we sure in the hell don't go to Texas,” Jackson replied as they both laughed a bit. “I'd say the first order of business would be to get you back to your friends.”
“Agreed. Any ideas?” Alicia asked.
“Try to flash them,” Jackson replied.
“You want me to flash them?” Alicia asked, a sarcastic smirk on her face.
“With the flashlight dear,” Jackson said with a smile, tossing Alicia a small flashlight that was strapped to his thigh. “Unless, of course, you just want to flash them.” he added, his smile growing volumes with the mere idea.
“Wow, really?” Alicia said with a giggle, quickly turning to use the hand-held light and signal her friends.
Jackson was a good man by all accounts, a noble man, and not a single person had ever accused him of being otherwise. Still, he was a man. And Alicia had a way of distracting even the most well-intentioned of men, just as she was distracting Jackson this very moment.
Her curves were both voluptuous and capable, as the vibrant shimmer of her dark hair simply added to her allure. And though she had stood face to face with a Butcher only to be knocked on her ass, Jackson knew that she was still one of the best. Everyone sent into this damn trap that was blanketed with lies, every one of them had to be among the best, at least in his opinion.
And so he watched her every movement, especially the slight lean forward as she tried to communicate with the remainder of her group. It allowed her backside the opportunity to gain the attention that it deserved, almost as if it were a museum exhibit, which it very well could have been; at least in Jackson's mind.
As Alicia turned to let him know she believed her group understood it was her doing the signalling, she saw the slight hesitation, his eyes breaking from the view of her ass before looking into her eyes. Normally, it wasn't welcomed on her end. The typical guy would stare her down before offering to buy her drinks, quickly leaving with his confidence shattered.
But Jackson was no ordinary man, at least not in Alicia's eyes. She found him to be intoxicating, every word spoken by him filled with the strength of a dozen men. He was a bit rugged for a pilot, but still much too poised for the average grunt of war. Both Officer and Cowboy, intertwined within a single body; a body that Alicia could see herself holding tightly.
“Um,” she said, approaching him slowly. “I think my friends have figured out we're up here. So it'd probably be best to sit tight and wait for them.”
“I agree.” Jackson said, using his hand to check the bruises on her face once more. “Are you alright?”
No verbal reply came, just lips feeling one another out as Jackson wrapped his arms around her, the two warriors for the same cause of freedom kissing deeply, and without pause, for several minutes. Alicia finding herself at home in his strong arms, warming her body as it pressed against the leather of his flight jacket.
“Hell no, terrible plan,” Calypso said. “We move as a group, otherwise the Butchers will be too strong.”
“I just thought that...” Nadia began to reply.
“I agree with Calypso,” Certes said. “The Butchers would love nothing more than for us to split up before they find us.”
“And if they have already called for assistance?” Nadia asked.
“They haven't. They still have a majority of their group living, so they won't call for help. It would appear as though they are weak. They want to find us, slay us, and then report that one of their own was killed in the heat of battle. It's how they're wired.” Calypso replied.
“Well, looks like it's settled. Let's all go find Alicia.” Preacher said.
And as the group prepared to make their way to the flashing light which was located on the rooftop of a building several hundred feet away, Nadia grew tired of her command being trampled on. She longed for the sight of her German designed airship and the escort soldiers who stood guard around it.
The group slowly made its way into an alley which remained, for the most part, in complete darkness. They worried of the Butchers spotting them, and also that a citizen of New Kinneston would see them and give away their position. Though they remained indoors, the citizens feared the wrath of Ancients and knew the punishment for harboring a member of the Resistance.
Of course, there was also the possibility of a Nomad stumbling out into the streets, and they had indeed seen Alicia's group enter town. But, with the heavy drinking and long hours of karaoke in front of them, it was a very slim possibility.
Either way, it was safe to assume that a majority of the folk who lived here would certainly turn them over to the Butchers in order to spare their own lives, or the lives of their children.
They would have taken a different attitude if their military filled with Resistance fighters would have given them any kind of hope. But the few years since Invasion Day had been filled with defeat after crushing defeat, each battle lost taking with it hope that Humanity would survive.
On Invasion Day, the Empire of Japan fell. Ships littered a sky which was painted with clouds only moments before, raining down missiles that were followed by large ships filled with battle ready soldiers.
We didn't even know they were ships until the first weapons struck Earth's surface. We had no idea who they were, why they were here or what that wanted from us. Eventually, we captured a few of them alive and began interrogation. The smartest minds on Earth required months to begin pulling their language together, and even then it was broken at best.
We dubbed them 'Ancients' after finding out they had been here before. Earth was just one of many planets that they harvested resources from, having left our ancestors here millions of years ago. Giving us time to fill our continents with the most valuable resource. Humans. We still don't know where their homeworld is located, or if they even have one. We just know that they are organized enough to disagree more times than not, especially when it comes to the fate of Humanity.
The only thing that has allowed us to survive is the fact that the Ancients use a strange system of organization, almost as if they have countries within their own race. Some of them harvest Humans for food, and those poor survivors of the Stalingrad Massacre know this all too well firsthand.
Others view us as cattle with the unique ability to lead other cattle, even going so far as to “reward” sympathizers in the Middle East by swearing them in as officers. Humans arresting Humans so that Ancients may not be hindered in doing so.
Lastly, as is the case with the group of Ancients in North and South America, Humans are considered slaves. Allowed to live out the remainder of their lives under two conditions. Humans do their labor and do not retaliate against them.
The fact that these demons do not always see eye to eye, often leads to war within their own race. And those few Humans who have pulled the courage to join the Resistance and fight back, have become wise to the Ancients and their inner squabbles. Many times, attacking in Ancient war machines marked with the logo of another faction.
Every battle has been important. Invasion Day, the Stalingrad Massacre, Tokyo City, the Butchering in Baghdad and even a rare victory in Washington City, at least what's left of it. But no battle has been nearly as important as the one taking place this very day and across the world. The battle among Ancients.
And the entire group of Resistance fighters held this information close as they escaped the alley and swiftly travelled down sidewalks in order to reach the building they had dashed for.
“I feel guilty for finding such peace in a time of war.” Jackson said in a subtle voice, his arms wrapped around Alicia as they sat on the roof's edge, looking up into the starry sky above.
Rather than reply, Alicia simply allowed her body to fall even deeper into the strong arms of Jackson. She too felt peace, noticing for the first time in a long time, the poetic canvas that the stars lay against on this night; the chilled air deflected, for the most part, by his capable hold of passion.
Jackson's grip loosened quickly, pulling his sidearm and turning as the roof's wooden door splintered from its hinges. Certes was first, holding a snub-nosed shotgun in his pasty gray hands.
“No!” Alicia yelled, pushing the pistol hand of Jackson as the first shot rang out, narrowly missing Certes. “He's with us.” she added.
“What?” Jackson asked loudly, wondering how such a Human woman could be traveling with a sky Demon.
“You dare fire your weapon at me!” Certes said angrily, his tone changing to one that was rarely heard by anyone who knew him.
“Halt.” Alicia demanded, her body still protecting Jackson as she turned to aim her own weapon at the Resistance sworn demon.
“What is the meaning of this?” Nadia asked, entering as Preacher followed behind her.
“You too. Both of you,” Alicia said, her pistol pointed into the direction of the entire group. “Calypso, take their weapons.”
“What?” Nadia asked loudly as Calypso hesitated for a moment, eventually carrying out Alicia's wishes.
“No, you put your gun down.” Austin said, the last to enter through the doorway as his pistol remained on the figure of such a beautiful Alicia Lucard.
Stepping from behind Alicia, Jackson held his own pistol at the ready, prepared to shoot anyone who threatened the young lady who had once again brought him sanity.
“Just tell me who to shoot first, and in which order you want the rest of them dead.” Jackson said, his sarcasm only picked up on by Alicia.
“Well, looks like a standoff,” Nadia said, shifting her head slightly as the blonde of her hair bounced a bit. “Your call.” she added.
“The mission to Lackland Air Force Base is a setup.” Alicia said, her intentions to inform the rest of the group, as much as they were to read their faces. Alicia had a knack for reading people very well, and she had read truth in the words of Jackson Ayers. Now it was time to see if anyone was covering their own lies.
Not that she would need to read anything other than a classified set of documents Jackson had shared with her only moments before.
“Nadia Jacobson,” Alicia said, her eyes locking onto those of the German soldier. “Or should I say Ancient Sympathizer number one thirty seven?” she asked.
“What madness are you speaking of?” Nadia demanded of the brunette soldier.
“Seems my hero had a set of classified documents with him. A list of military personnel which are sympathetic to the Ancients. Not to mention several classified photos, one of which puts you at a meeting on an Ancient ship.” Alicia said.
“What?” Nadia asked, changing her tone significantly.
“It's time to come clean. Confess, and perhaps I may spare your life,” Alicia said. “But choose your next words with caution, because I have no more use for lies. Lies that have lead to the death of a member of my team!” she added, her pistol aiming directly into Nadia's direction.
“Okay,” Nadia said, holding her hand out to ask for a moment. “Okay, it's true. But at least give me an opportunity to speak. Please.”
“Alright then.” Alicia replied, keeping her gun on Nadia while listening.
“We became aware of an impending war between Ancient factions.” Nadia said.
“Nothing new, they fight all of the time.” Calypso replied.
“Not like this,” Nadia said as if to convince them. “I mean an official war. They mean to chew at one another until only one faction remains. I'm just part of an organized group of officials who approached the faction at the doorstep of Washington City. They assured us peace if our Resistance groups were to lay down arms and fight alongside them in their war to come.” Nadia added.
“The group that approached the Ancients...Germans?” Alicia demanded to know.
“No,” Nadia said. “In fact, other than myself and the few Ancients who are loyal to our cause, no other Germans are involved.”
“It's true,” Preacher said. “I knew nothing of this treason!”
“Americans then?” Alicia asked, already knowing the answer that would follow.
“Yes, several of them. Politicians mostly.” Nadia responded.
Alicia stood there for a few moments. She knew Nadia spoke the truth, because the list of names backed up her story. They were indeed all Americans with the exception of a few Nomad groups.
“I have no such treaty with the Ancients. Just a promise to our own kind to dust as many of those son of a bitches as I can, and I keep my promises,” Alicia replied. “Leave us.”
“But Alicia, if we don't go soon the Butchers,” Calypso replied.
“I said leave us,” Alicia said with a stern tone. “I'll be right behind you, but she won't.”
As the group began leaving into a dark alley by way of a side door, Preacher took enough time to stop and look to Nadia, giving her the look of a traitor.
“You mean to kill me then?” Nadia asked.
“No,” Alicia said, approaching her slowly. “I told you I'm a warrior who keeps her promises.”
“What is to become of...” Nadia began to ask, Alicia grabbing her hands quickly and holding them above her, pressing the German goddess to the wall as they kissed with passion. Their lips only began things as they soon exchanged tongues, breathing heavily in the process.
“I wish we could have met under different circumstances. I truly do.” Alicia said, her heavy breathing quickly silenced by Nadia's puffy lips.
“Perhaps one day,” Nadia managed to push from her lips, before they trembled for another deep kiss. “You'll remain on my mind until that time.”
“I'm sorry.” Alicia replied, kissing the blonde one final time, finally sweeping the butt of her pistol around and burying it into the head of the German.
As Nadia lay there, unconscious, Alicia knelt down, kissing her lips slightly before rising back to her own feet.
“Goodbye Nadia Jacobson.”
“I still can't believe Nadia betrayed us. Betrayed Germany.” Preacher said, as the group now included Alicia and had found shelter inside of a small house on the outskirts of New Kinneston.
“It's all right here,” Alicia said, taking a moment to hand the classified paper and photos to the sniper. “She was marching you into a trap,” Alicia said sternly. “All of us, she was marching us into the waiting arms of Ancient soldiers! There is no Lackland Air Force Base. Not anymore.” she added, her voice calming with despair.
“She's right, it's all right here in black and white,” Calypso said with solemn words before stopping on the list. “Wait.”
“I know, he's number eleven.” Alicia replied quickly.
“Who?” Preacher asked.
“Commander Snelling.” Alicia replied with reservation.
It hadn't fully hit them all yet, but Butchers waited for no one, especially Resistance soldiers filled with confusion. And they weren't to be taken as simple brutes of war.
As the door sprang open abruptly, Alicia was the quickest to respond, firing three shots which seemed to zip into the first Butcher.
Very large but equally injured, the demon fell to the ground in overwhelming pain, victim to her hot lead as much as his own haste.
Right behind the Butcher who had fallen into a pool of his own blood, a second charged, this time finding a victim of his own. Burying his serrated blade deep into the meaty area of Austin's shoulder, the Sheriff yelled loudly, a mixture of pain and shock to blame.
The demon's plan was to rip his blade back out quickly, but he ran short on time as Calypso stepped in, burying a flush elbow into the Butcher's face.
The Ancient warrior of great skill was huge, there was never a person to question it, but Calypso was no slouch in the department of physique. He too was large, his throbbing muscles damn capable of putting even the largest Ancient on its ass, and he had proven it to everyone as the Butcher lost its grip on the sword and stumbled back onto the ground.
Calypso had won the initial confrontation, only to lose moments later as he lunged on top of the Butcher and quickly found himself outmatched.
The last remaining Butcher charged, slowing momentarily at the sight of one of his so many guns on him. Less than a second later he slowed a considerable deal more, hit in both the legs and chest from gunfire. Jackson, Alicia and Preacher had all fired on the beast, and though a single round may have missed, with the combined skill of the soldiers it was unlikely.
Calypso draped his large arms across the neck of the second Butcher, pummeling it into the floor just a bit. And as the two struggled back and forth, Alicia fired a single shot that hit the heart of the Butcher and dropped it quickly; only to turn and fire two more shots into the chest of an already dying Butcher who lay on the ground.
“I'm out.” she said as she stood in the doorway, her lustrous hair flowing with the cool night breeze as she ejected a cartridge from her pistol and quickly replaced it with a full one.
As Jackson extended an arm to help Calypso to his feet, they turned to Sheriff Austin Garrett, who lay on the ground in dire pain. The Butcher's sword was still inside him, its teeth weaving in and out of tissue that was vital to his survival.
”Get him onto a table, that should help with the loss of blood.” Alicia said as both Jackson and Calypso quickly scooped him up and carefully left to head further inside the house.
“What now?” Preacher asked, his accent still thick with German descent.
“Well, my superior and those who have allied with him must be removed from power for their treason.” Alicia replied.
“I agree. How did you...” Preacher began to ask.
“According to Jackson, one of our own spies intercepted it only days ago. Been carrying it with him since, but when I was describing her group to Jackson, he recognized the name.” Alicia said.
“Well,” Preacher said, thinking of the treason of Nadia Jacobson. “Explains why she was so upset over the possibility of calling in an air strike.”
Alicia stood there for a few moments, her eyes studying the lifeless Butchers. “I just don't understand how a Human could turn on their own kind?”
“Yea, especially one that's so damn cute.” Jackson replied swiftly as he once again entered the room, his humor well received, Alicia smiling wide.
“I guess we best sit down and figure out our next move,” Alica said, her eyes still firmly connected to those of Jackson. “Going to have to get Austin back to Washington City if he's to survive.”
“He isn't gonna leave these folk here to die at the hands of Ancients.” Preacher replied.
“Yea, that's the real kicker isn't it?”
“Listen up everyone, please,” Sheriff Austin Garrett said loudly, at least as loudly as his injured body would allow.
He stood on the wooden porch of his office, nearly two hundred townspeople gathered nearby.
“Washington City is our only option now, and we have to go quickly. Take only the things...” he said, several people interrupting him.
“But this is our home!” a man near the rear of the crowd proclaimed.
“Not anymore. When the Ancients return to find their own soldiers laying dead, make no mistake. They will burn New Kinneston to the ground and spare no lives while doing so.” Austin said.
“We should not be forced to pay for their mistakes!” a second man yelled, bringing confusion to the crowd.
“I want you all to hear something,” Alicia said as she walked to the crowd of gathered survivors. “The only mistake made was your thinking this war would not eventually end up at your doorstep.” She added, before pausing for several moments. “Since Invasion Day, your own species has been slaughtered without reserve. Not just soldiers. Not just hardened men with weapons in hand. Everyone!” she added, her eyes cutting across the crowd of citizens. “I'm sorry that we had to be the ones to bring them to your doorstep, I truly am. But if you would choose to remain here and turn a blind eye to the slaughter of innocent women and children, then you don't deserve to live in the first place.” Alicia said, sobering those who listened as Jackson approached her.
“There are only two safe places left on this planet. Washington City and Berlin. You all have heard this on your radios, and each of you knew this day was coming,” Jackson said. “But the Ancients do not care if the time is convenient for you, and they don't care about your lives. We do. So those who choose to stay, are free to do so. Everyone else packs what they can carry and leaves for Washington City with us.” he added a bit more calmly.
“One hour,” Alicia said with authority. “Everyone has one hour to collect what they can carry, at which time we will escort you to Washington City.”
Chatter and grumbles filled the crowd of people as the group of Resistance soldiers walked inside of the Sheriff's Office. Calypso hoisted Austin onto the long table of fine wood, his injuries worsening by the hour as the Butcher's sword remained plunged into him.
“I still say there is no way in hell we are going to make it. Too many people to escort, and not a single one of them has the training for it.” Jackson said.
“There's no choice,” Alicia said. “We have to try, if we leave these people here for certain death then we are no better than the Ancients.”
“I ain't leaving them here. I can't.” Austin said, cringing from the soreness of invasive steel.
“We're too far out for radio contact, I've tried seven times now.” Calypso said, working quickly with the transmission device they had brought with them.
“Save the battery, besides, the last thing we want is to bring the entire Ancient Division back to New Kinneston.”
“Can Washington City hold up against an entire Division?” Preacher asked.
“Don't worry, she'll hold. Just wish I was there to help.” Alicia replied.
“Everything has got to be a woman. Even cities now.” Calypso said with a wise tone.
“Yea, I'm getting that's why your group was led away from the real fight and right into a trap.” Jackson said.
“Well in that case,” Alicia said, a smile instantly painting her face a bit. “Let's set a trap of our own.”
And as the hour passed, dragging into what seemed like a tense eternity of emotion, citizens of New Kinneston began to crowd back around the entrance of the Sheriff's Office. One by one, each bringing with them loved ones and what little personal affections they could carry.
“Where are the rest of them?” Alicia asked as Calypso helped Austin to his feet.
Even though a sword remained plunged into his shoulder, its steel blade half hidden by his own flesh, the Sheriff walked to the front door as daylight began to set in.
“This is barely over half,” he said, his words disheartening. “I have to try and convince the others to come.”
“There's no time,” Alicia replied. “The biggest resource we have right now is daylight, and we can't afford to waste another second of it.”
“Sheriff,” a man said, approaching the local hero a bit skittish. “Wondered if you might take my children to Washington City with you?”
“Mr. Ranford, I expect you will be able to take them yourself.” Austin replied.
“No sir, our home is here. The wife and I, we can't just pick up and leave when there's a good chance this will all blow over with time.” Mr. Ranford replied.
“You do realize the Ancients are going to return. And when they do,” Alicia said, stepping from the porch in order to approach the man. “They will kill everyone here.”
“Yes ma'am, I realize that's also possible, which is why I'm asking you to take my two children with you. Give them a life and a chance should that happen. I've lived my life, and don't exactly fear death. Just want to know they are in good hands.” Mr. Ranford said.
“But Mr. Ranford, I...” Austin said, his words cut short.
“Yes sir, we'll be glad to help. Lots of children in Washington City that will be glad to have a couple more playmates.” Alicia said, turning to Austin and glancing hard.
As the man turned to leave the conversation, saying goodbye to his children in hopes of seeing them again, Alicia pulled close to Austin.
“It's no use. He's made peace with his fate, and just wants his children out of harm's way. Only thing we can do is protect them now.” she said, Austin nodding a bit to acknowledge the truth of her words.
“Alright, we have to head out shortly,” Jackson said, stepping up to the group in his United States issued uniform. “How are we doing this?”
“Austin will ride in our stagecoach, Calypso and Preacher on the front of it. We'll ride horseback alongside, with the rest of the caravan behind,” Alicia said using a finger to pull a bit of hair behind her left ear. “If we hit trouble, our guns will be to the front. But if the caravan needs us, Jackson and I can fall back to assist them.”
“And the children we are to protect?” Certes asked.
“I want them in the stagecoach with me. If their parents are trusting me to keep 'em safe, then I damn well plan to.” Austin replied.
“Good plan. Now, about getting everyone ready to move.” Jackson said as the group turned to look at those who would be making the journey. Well over a hundred of them, many of which were women and children.
“Listen up,” Alicia stated firmly, her voice as commanding as it was melodic. “A lot of the men of New Kinneston have decided to stay and fight if needed. That's their call. And I've given them my word that once we reach Washington City, I will personally bring a strike team back here,” she added. “But they have asked that women and children make the first trip in, and believe me when I tell you that we are committed to protecting you all with our own lives.”
“That said,” Jackson added, nodding to her for a moment. “We ask that you trust our military training and do as we ask of you until we reach Washington City. Any questions?”
“Just get our people there safe!” a man yelled as the others who would remain behind locked and loaded their weapons.
“You need not worry about that,” Alicia said, firming her own pistols into holsters which attached to her thigh. “I'm a bit pissed off, and when I get pissed off...”
“When she gets pissed off, Ancients tend to die!” Calypso proclaimed as the group cheered loudly.
Moments later the caravan began heading out. A stagecoach, two horse mounted warriors and a string of older supply trucks tagging along behind, each filled with the women and children of New Kinneston.
“Hold the line!” a Resistance soldier yelled, dozens of his own entrenched at the edge of Washington City. The Division of Ancients had tried to sack the city in one fell swoop. Of course, the mortar fire intended to crumble major landmarks was instead knocked down by the protective shroud of Guardian Angel.
The Resistance Soldiers each shouldered single-shot rifles trimmed with both bronze and wooden grain. They had lived every single day since the invasion inside of Guardian Angel, so they knew its limitations. Rolling nearly a dozen black powder cannons onto the street which was closest to the Ancient encampment, the soldiers of Washington City began to ring out booming death.
“It pains me that we can travel the entire solar system within hours, but cannot take a city held by Humans. Humans!” the Ancient Templar yelled.
“My Templar, we have lost all communication with the Butchers who remained in New Kinneston.” one of the Ancients stated.
“Keep trying, just as we will keep trying to take this disease of a city.” the Templar said loudly.
“At once!” the Ancient replied with obedience.
“Form a ground assault team. When ready, have those who remain here lay down an ongoing stream of covering fire.” the Templar demanded, barely pushing the words from his body before an explosion rang true only feet away. A cannon shot that had decimated the area and injured the demon in command.
“My Templar, are you...” one of the Ancients asked as several soldiers rushed to his aid.
“My body will heal!” the Templar screamed, laying on the ground with gaping cuts across his stomach and shrapnel embedded into his upper back, exposing glimpses of transparent bones. “Just do as you were told. Get those cannons off of us or we will be beaten!”
“At once.” the Ancient replied.
As the Templar lay there, the sunlight adding to an already painful situation, he began to wonder if their race had overstepped.
To the Ancient race, Humans were cattle who possessed the ability to reason. They could be used for tasks that otherwise hindered the Ancient race. But, just since the first minutes of Invasion Day, the Templar had seen so many of his own species perish. And though he dared not speak of it, an act that would be considered treason, he did wonder if the cost was worth paying.
The Ancients had planned to hit Earth strong on the first day and within a week own everything, and everyone, associated with the planet. It was to become a small planet that they could inhabit and manage, just as a farm. But the Templar knew the same thing that all Ancients knew deep down, though none would ever admit to it. They waited too long.
They knew Humans would advance, it was the natural progression of things. But, they had anticipated us to remain a peaceful race, one that would present little retaliation. Instead, they arrived to discover the grit of Human war. Humanity had been killing itself for centuries. Religion, politics, gold; all of it had led to Humans becoming more seasoned as warriors.
They had not arrived to find the weak cattle who were left here during the Egyptian ages, but rather, a race of warriors who were quick to unify when put to the test, coming together to face the doom of a star-born enemy.
And as the Templar watched those around him falling to their deaths, each body hitting the crusted ground of an extra-terrestrial planet, he realized that he had seen enough. Looking down to the wounds which had exposed his transparent bones only minutes before, he could see most of it repaired through the genetic skin grafting that allowed their race to heal so quickly.
“Enough!” the Templar demanded, standing to his feet just as his ground assault team was about to charge the city. His Division of soldiers was in shambles, cannon fire combined with that of the Human Torque Guns to blame.
“We will fall back to New Kinneston, find our Butchers and wait for reinforcements!” the Templar yelled.
Falling back from battle would look bad on his record of war. However, he had decided that should the Ancient Council call him out on it, he would cross examine them with a war they were losing badly. At least the war against Washington City.
And though his body was growing stronger by the minute, self-healing the wounds recently inflicted, it wasn't nearly strong enough for the wounds to come.
Nearly a dozen molten slugs passed through the alien's sternum and stomach, as they did on several other Ancient soldiers. All fired from a Torque Gun that was mounted to a rooftop on the edge of Washington City.




Chapter 3
*Hold Up For The Night*


“It's a hit, keep it coming!” Lieutenant Forsberg yelled to his men, one of the soldiers holding the gun still while the other fired through the iron sights.
It was a large gun, nearly the size of a anti-aircraft placement. A large, revolving chamber that fired as though it were a Gatling gun, though it was fed by a thick plastic hose of steam. The Humans had developed the technology less than a year before, the steam allowing one hell of a torque-filled punch in each shot while not falling susceptible to the rules of Guardian Angel overhead.
And, just as they had done with every previous attempt to sack Washington City, the Ancients fell back; scrambling into the hills that surrounded such a beautiful place to live.
“Hold!” Lieutenant Forsberg yelled, halting the gunfire by his side of the battle. “Conserve your ammunition, they are out of range. Assemble a team to go finish off their dying and collect gear.”
“At once Lieutenant.” a soldier replied with haste.
“I'll report our victory to Commander Snelling at once.” Lieutenant Forsberg said, turning to personally deliver the news.
Though it was not necessary. Snelling had been watching the entire battle through the large, atrium-styled window of his office. Hoping with every moment that the Ancients would finally win them over. There was a place for him in an Ancient-controlled Earth. He had been promised more power, more prestige. It was the reasoning behind his move to the Ancients' side, and he had expected a swift defeat of Washington City after doing so.
But, just as the Ancients had done so many times before, Commander Snelling underestimated the will of those who wished to remain free. Free of slavery, free of horror and free of fear. For they were the lions of Humanity, and their most ferocious was on her way back to Washington City by way of caravan, her thoughts saturated with revenge.
“Looks like as good of a place as any to hold up for the night.” Jackson said, his horse galloping slowly beside Alicia's.
“Agreed. Going to be dark soon, and we need to be well out of sight.”
Jackson responded with a nod before galloping forward to the stagecoach which led their caravan, relaying the plan as he pointed to an overhang of cliffs in the near distant.
Meanwhile, Alicia slowed her gallop, falling back to check on those citizens of New Kinneston who had made the journey. As she looked into their eyes, she saw one universal sign. Shock. The children had been pulled from their homes, left wondering if they would ever see their fathers again.
That said, the women seemed to have the glow of defeat. None of them expected their husbands to survive through the night, and they were trying to accept the defeat of their lovers.
Alicia wanted to comfort them, wanted to somehow let them know that all was not lost. But how could she? She had not lost her lover to the Ancients. All she had known since Invasion Day was war. At least, that was the case until she found herself in the arms of Lieutenant Jackson Ayers. He had given her a sense of comfort, a sense of normal that she had not felt in a very long time, if ever.
The caravan collapsed under the cover of cliffs, circling in close as every available body spent time covering the exterior of their vehicles with any brush that could be found. Austin, who remained in a decent amount of pain, had started to wonder if infection would now overtake his injury.
None of them dared attempt to pull the Butcher's blade from the spot it was embedded, between his shoulder and inner chest. Washington City had doctors well capable of such a feat, assuming they made it there in time.
They just wanted to arrive as quickly as possible. For his sake, as well as the sake of all of the children who sat inside the confines of the circled caravan with him.
Certes sat on the ground, his back leaning against one of the transport trucks as he held a massive shotgun. Preacher had climbed to the top of the cliff above them, laying under a blanket of camouflage with his eye to the scope of his sniper rifle. He would watch the horizon while Calypso sat nearby to watch Preacher's six.
That left Alicia and Jackson, who lay against the side of a ravine near camp. It allowed them to watch the caravan's flank, while being close enough to further discover the spark which had carried them so far.
“So,” Jackson said. “When we get back to Washington City.”
“Should be tomorrow as long as we keep the caravan moving.” Alicia replied.
“No, I mean when we get back,” he said. “I mean us.”
“Us?” Alicia asked.
“Never mind, I feel like such an idiot.” Jackson replied quickly.
“Don't,” she said with a slight laugh. “I want us too.”
Jackson and Alicia sat there, a night sky above them as their eyes, their very souls, connected.
“I just wanted to be clear about my military commitment being in Norfolk. I'm a Navy pilot, it's my job.” Jackson said, finally breaking what had become a beautiful silence between them.
“And my commitment is to killing Ancients, defending Washington City...and loving you.” Alicia replied.
Immediately they held one another, sharing a kiss of magnetic importance as she stared into the cornflower blue of his eyes.
“Love is a strong commitment,” Jackson said, his fingers holding her chin up just a bit as he searched her heart. “Are you sure you're up for it?”
“I can't walk away from the feeling you've given me. I can't walk away from that.” she replied softly.
Their full intention was to kiss again, but it would be put on hold as the blinking light of Preacher's scope alerted them. Ancients approached.
As the two lay in the ravine, backs against the moist dirt near the roadway, they both heard coming sounds. Ancient vehicles, some of which were badly damaged, pulling themselves by. And though Jackson, nor Alicia, had any idea of knowing how many Ancients passed, they both knew it was a great many.
“I'd estimate around eight hundred of them,” Preacher said in a whispered voice. “Looks like your army in Washington City whipped some ass.”
“We always do,” Calypso said with a grin. “We always do.” he stated again proudly.
At times, the Ancients would be accompanied by both scouts to clear the path ahead and trailers, which would lag behind purposely to ensure they weren't being followed. Preacher knew their tactics well, and after waiting nearly an hour past the last sight of an Ancient, he signaled the group once more by way of scope light.
Rather than disturb an ailing Austin and the people of his town, who all rested comfortably at the moment, the group met behind the caravan.
“I don't understand.” Calypso said, demanding an answer.
“I'm in love,” Alicia replied. “I'm not going to let Jackson go without me.”
“But why go at all, we will be in Washington this time tomorrow night?” Calypso asked.
“Because the men who stayed back in New Kinneston are brave. They are protecting their homes, hoping to maybe see their children again. They are armed, but no way in hell they will last against that many Ancients, and we all know it.” Jackson replied.
“So what now?” Preacher asked.
“You, Certes, Calypso and Austin continue with the caravan. Get these people to safety. Jackson and I will follow the Ancients back toward New Kinneston.” Alicia said.
“And when daylight hits, I'll use the transmitter to call in an air strike.” Jackson added.
“And they'll come? You are sure that your Navy will send in enough planes to wipe the Ancients out?” Preacher asked.
“No,” Jackson replied. “Hell, I'm not even sure we have any birds left.” he added, turning to look at the caravan group which slept near Austin. “But I have to try. These children deserve a better fate than living in fear. The best way to change things is to hit these fuckers' right in the mouth.”
“I don't like it,” Calypso said. “We've already lost G. If you get out there and no air strike follows, you'll comprise your position and...”
“You don't have to like it,” Alicia said sternly. “I know we've lost G, and trust me, I wouldn't be going unless I thought it would work.” she added, approaching the loyal member of her team. “You just take this and make sure that gutless son of a bitch isn't waiting for me when I get back.” Alicia said, handing Calypso the sheet of paper which listed everyone involved with the Ancients.
“Understood,” Calypso replied with a smile. “I'll take care of it. And you better take care of our girl,” he added, turning to Jackson. “Otherwise you'll answer to me.”
“You got it.” Jackson replied, his words filled with respect.
“Aw, you're just like the big brother I never had.” Alicia said with a smile, using her left arm to hug the muscle-bound warrior for a moment.
“Well, as your big brother,” he said with a smile. “I'm telling you to bring your ass back to Washington City in one piece.”
“It's not me you gotta worry about,” she replied confidently, “It's the gray-skinned bastards with their tails tucked between their legs.”
And with that statement, Alicia and Jackson slipped away, the outline of their bodies quickly engulfed by the dark of night.
The Ancients had been devastated, at least the ground force that had been dispatched to take Washington City. They had arrived in their own variation of tanks and war vehicles, most of which were damaged beyond repair. The ones that did remain in service, rattled badly and sparked at random from damage recently inflicted.
“They must have took one hell of a beating.” Jackson said, his voice hushed to near silence.
“They usually do,” Alicia responded, both of them nestled into a patch of thick brush as the Ancients marched back into the direction of New Kinneston. “They show up with their high end weaponry and flashy ground assault vehicles; the look of superiority in their eyes,” she added. “But they always look the same when retreating. Beaten.”
“I usually see 'em from the air,” Jackson replied. “Not accustomed to being so close.”
“For me it's the opposite,” she said softly. “I'm used to seeing the bastards up close and personal. At least when I'm not trying to live some sort of normal life back in Washington.”
“If you don't mind me asking, what's life in Washington City like exactly?” Jackson asked. “I've been in the military so damn long, all I know is the Navy way of life.”
“It's different. At least compared to the way things were before Invasion Day,” Alicia replied, silencing herself for a moment as a group of several Ancient soldiers marched past them, seamless black boots digging into the crumble of road.
“It's like everyone finally realizes how precious the gift of life truly is. Before, society was about the perfect living room suit, color coordinating ties and state of the art games that were so very important, but shouldn't have been.”
“Living room suits? Really?” Jackson said with a chuckle.
“You know what I mean,” Alicia replied playfully. “Now people appreciate the beauty of a sunset and spend as much time as possible with people they love. Guess they always wonder if it will be their last chance.”
“Alien invasions have a way of doing that.” Jackson replied with sarcasm, his joke immediately met head on by a slap across the arm, Alicia then grabbing his hand with a smile painted to her face.
The next few minutes, both soldiers for the survival of Humanity kissed deeply, Jackson laying on top of her perfected body; their breaths heard, even felt by the other.
“The Gods have cursed us.” one of the Ancients said aloud, marching with a group of their lowest ranking warriors as rain began to pour down onto the welcoming soil.
“Indeed. The filth of this planet is almost unbearable.” another replied, never knowing he marched only feet from the spot that two lovers became one soul unified, giving themselves to one another in the most sensual ways imaginable.
“They approach!” one of the men yelled, joined quickly by other armed citizens who watched the horizon surrounding New Kinneston.
As the common men turned makeshift soldiers readied themselves, preparing for certain death against a far superior enemy of much greater numbers, they glanced to one another.
They had been neighbors, some of them even good friends. Before Invasion Day, many had been co-workers, members of the same churches and, if nothing more, recognizable from past encounters in town. They had looked out for one another in more peaceful times, watching each other raise children and building the most stable life possible for those around them.
Yet here they were. Laying on the ground outside of a house which bordered town, each man holding some type of rifle in hand. A few even held pistols, but it was no matter. Their guns had been designed for hunting game, not slaying superior life forms from the heavens.
“Hold!” the Ancient in charge demanded. Having been the next in line and watching his Templar fall in the battle for Washington City, Riac was different in many ways.
Physically, he was much larger, much stronger than the Templar who had commanded them before. Strategically, he was more cautious. He had seen thousands of his own kind slain because of haste, and he knew that many names could indeed befit him, but hasty was not one of them.
“What is that chatter coming across your radio?” he asked sternly, his communications officer raising the volume of their long-range unit.
“I say again,” a man's voice rang out against the crackling of mechanical static. “Lieutenant Jackson Ayers, Norfolk Naval Base, requesting priority level one air strike.”
“Damn,” Jackson said with disgust. “The signal isn't reaching anyone nearby!” he added.
“We may need a second plan,” Alicia replied. “I think they're onto us.” she added as the Ancients had started to survey the area around them, looking hard through battlefield binoculars.
“I say again...” he added with despair, holding the mic of the mobile communicator near his mouth. “This is...”
“Lieutenant Jackson Ayers, this is Lieutenant Timothy Spears. Good to hear you're alive old buddy. Awaiting coordinates.” a man's voice replied, bringing instant joy to the faces of both Jackson and Alicia.
“Crap,” Jackson said. “I have no idea what our coordinates are, not even roughly?” Jackson said to Alicia.
She shrugged. They were near New Kinneston, but that would be of no use to an inbound pilot.
“My father gave me this damn watch,” Jackson said, his voice shaking from anger as he quickly removed his Naval combat watch. “I'm really starting to hate these fuckers.” he added, quickly going into a sprint and throwing the watch, which was weighted by a casing of heavy aluminium and thickened glass.
The watch landed only feet from the large group of Ancient warriors, a couple of which spotted Jackson in the act.
“Should I start throwing rocks as well?” Alicia asked, her words drenched in both confusion and sarcasm.
“Lieutenant Spears,” Jackson said, scowling at Alicia for a moment. “My tracking beacon number is one-seven-one-four-nine, air strike the marker when ready.” he added.
“There's a marker built into my watch,” Jackson said, his attention turning to Alicia. “Just a little trick I picked up while you were coordinating furniture.”
“Ties. Coordinating ties, smart ass.” Alicia replied with a huge grin, Ancient bullets zipping into their direction as the sky born enemy did its best to assess how many Resistance fighters were nearby.
“It must be a small group, I'm not picking up much on thermal scan.” one of the Ancient Officers said.
“Good. Form a tactical assault...” Riac replied, his words cut short by the thunderous sound of planes above.
Two F-14 fighters, each bearing the United States Naval Seal and carrying JDAM bombs. It was a surreal sight, watching planes that were put into flight back in 1970 and having long-since been retired, defeating such an advanced foe.
As the JDAM bombs struck ground, an inferno of fiery death consumed a majority of the Ancient warriors, badly injuring those who remained.
A second pass saw the planes chew what they could of the remaining Ancients up with machine gun fire, though few shells struck home as the fighter planes thundered by at top speed. Daylight had arrived, and with it came several more Naval jets in the distance, chasing Ancient warplanes back to their nests of hatred.
“Lieutenant Ayers, would you like us to relay your coordinates for a search and rescue?” a voice asked, more than likely a RIO on-board one of the jets flying past.
Jackson had considered both possible outcomes, thinking of this very decision all night. Return to his duty in Norfolk and continue a military life of fighting Ancients, or return to Washington City with Alicia and pursue the one emotion that had long eluded him. Love.
“Turn it off.” Jackson said.
“But...this is your chance to get back.” Alicia said with confusion.
“I'm not going back to Norfolk. Plan on settling in Washington City.” he replied.
“Won't that be considered desertion?” she asked.
He thought long and hard about life from this moment forward. His commitment was to God and country, and nothing would ever change that. But technically, he was to be given the option of leaving the United States Navy well over a year ago, having served the time required by his contract.
He had continued to fight because a military life was all he knew. All that was left. However, from the moment he and Alicia first locked eyes, another reason to live had been presented. And though leaving the Navy seemed like a tough choice, it wasn't. It was time for him to find true love, and along with it some sense of normal. What was the point of fighting so hard to remain alive, unless he truly had something to live for?
“No,” Jackson said with a pause. “At least it better not be. I plan on killing just as many of the bastards as before, if not more.” he added.
“Kill 'em!” one of the men of New Kinneston yelled as the armed men charged, less than a dozen Ancients remaining, many of which were wishing for death because of such painful injuries.
It was the work of Naval fighters above, and everyone acknowledged that. But, as the group of ordinary men fired their rifles onto the dying group of Ancients, it provided them with a much needed victory. A personal victory.
They would see their wives and children once more, and many would become hardened soldiers for the Resistance, swearing their allegiance right now as they fired hunting rifles onto a star born race that had been beaten.
“Listen up,” Alicia yelled, approaching the group as she stopped to fire two shots into the chest of an already dying Ancient. “Strip what weapons and supplies you can from their dead. You are soldiers for the Resistance now, and that means you answer to me,” she added with authority, the men standing more firmly. “We leave for Washington City in fifteen minutes, and I swear with everything above that we will make it by nightfall!”
The men cheered a bit, a few even raising their rifles into the air. They had intended to stay here and defend their homes. But, after seeing the Ancients up close and knowing in their hearts an air strike had saved them, their priorities had shifted a bit.
The importance of the home they had always known, quickly took a backseat to being with the ones they loved. Homes are simply a reflection of memories made with those you care for, and so they would make new memories, and new homes, in Washington City.
“You heard the lady, get the lead out of your asses and get moving!” Jackson yelled, flexing a command that didn't exist. Still, the men moved, immediately dispersing as they pulled weapons, viable armor and even a few Ancient relics for their children.
“And somebody owes me a damn watch!” Jackson yelled loudly.
“You're such a whiner.” Alicia said with a smile of angelic fashion. The sunrise further beautifying her already perfect face.
“We've received word of your friends,” Commander Snelling said as he slowly approached the German airship that was still under heavy guard.
“Are they alright?” the highest ranking soldier asked.
“I think it would be best if you and your men came with me.” Snelling replied.
“I am under strict orders to stand guard over our German vessel at all times.” the soldier replied.
“Oh,” Commander Snelling said, turning to motion into the distant. “I doubt your standing orders are of any importance at the moment.” he added as dozens of American soldiers rushed to them with their rifles drawn.
“What is the meaning of this?” the German soldier asked loudly.
“This is American soil, you don't ask the questions here,” Snelling replied bluntly, raising a brow as he stared the soldier directly in the eyes. “Now, have your men throw down their weapons.”
“That won't be necessary,” Calypso said, approaching the group with Preacher and Certes, each holding weapons themselves.
“Calypso, what in the hell...” Snelling began to ask.
“Shut your mouth, you don't ask the questions here either. Not anymore,” Calypso replied heavy-toned. “This man is a sympathizer of the Ancients, and I have the document to prove it.”
“You have no such document! Shoot him! I want this man dead!” Commander Snelling demanded.
What he quickly discovered, however, is that his own men had a fierce allegiance to Calypso, Alicia and their group. For they had been the ones to slay Ancients in the thick of battle, not their Commander.
“Kill him I say!” Snelling yelled once more, his own men reading proof of his betrayal to the Human race.
“Commander Snelling,” Calypso said. “I am removing you from the position of Commander and placing you under immediate arrest. I will assume military command until Alicia Lucard returns.”
“Like hell you are!” Snelling interjected, though he was slowly convinced as his own men turned their weapons onto him. “This is madness!” he added.
“Indeed,” one of the German soldiers replied. “The thought of your own turning against you.”
“We are not without fault,” Preacher replied. “Nadia's name is also on that list as well.”
“Bullshit!” the German soldier replied.
“No, I have seen it with my own eyes. She tried to lead us into a trap, I was there.” Preacher said.
“And where is she now?” the German soldier asked.
Certes answered the soldier's question with a nod.
And though Commander Snelling fought a bit, his restrained hands were no match for such a numerous detail of soldiers. And so they led him to the cell in which he would be held, formerly known as DC Jail.
“Do you think Alicia and Jackson were successful?” Preacher asked as Certes rejoined the group of German soldiers at their airship.
“I do,” Calypso replied. “At least I hope so.”
“Sir, what is our next order?” the German soldier asked of their highest ranking officer.
“The darkness will not be kind to us,” Preacher replied. “We will remain here overnight and lift off for Berlin at daybreak.”
“Understood sir.” the soldier responded with loyalty.
“Double the guard detail on our city's edge,” Calypso ordered.
“Right away sir!” a Resistance soldier replied.
And as the soldier turned to double the detail of guards who protected the outskirts of their city, Calypso began to look out across the landscape.
Mountains, once beautiful with the influence of almighty God, were now war-torn and littered with signs of mortar shelling and fires. What was once a crisp breeze of nature blowing through the city streets, now reeked of dead flesh and ash.
Calyspo's wandering eyes skimmed the city behind him, noticing neon signs and hybrid cars replaced by calligraphy painted signs and carriages powered by both horse and steam. Though Humanity had withstood such a devastating barrage of attacks since Invasion Day, it had forever been changed; the memory of how things used to be, just that. A memory.
He hated the Ancients. With every speck of his very soul, he hated the race that had humbled them back to such Victorian times. And he was tired of being on the defensive. Sick of waiting for the grey-skinned bastards to strike, only to pray for their defenses to hold.
He, like many of the remaining Humans, wanted nothing short of redemption. And as he turned to glance back into the wastelands, thinking of what once was scenic land painted by the hand of God, he hoped for the return of Alicia Lucard. He knew she would have a plan.
Almost there. Alicia thought as she attempted to curb her heavy breathing and push forward just a bit longer.
“Alicia,” Jackson said. “You go, I'll...” he added, cut off swiftly.
“No, you go,” she replied, her angelic voice hindered by such a small intake of oxygen. “Get them to safety. I'll be right behind.”
Jackson wanted to argue with her, wanted to plead for her to make better sense of the situation. The New Kinneston survivors were exhausted, a few even having passed out during the trip. All day, every minute of every hour they had ran for Washington City. No water breaks and no stopping.
Alicia had decided their best chance of survival was to somehow make it to Washington City in the span of only a single day. She knew the Ancients would soon have slayers of Humanity on their heels, and she was right. For nearly an hour now, the Ancients had been right behind them, murdering any survivor of New Kinneston who fell behind.
The group was exhausted, and a few of the surviving had even fallen back on purpose, choosing death over a continued journey to possible freedom. Viewing the trip as a forced death march.
Jackson wanted to plead with her heart, but they both knew there was simply not enough time. She was more skilled in fighting the Ancients, especially on foot. She would provide them all with the best chance of survival.
“You get you ass to Washington City, you understand me.” Jackson said firmly, tears filling his eyes as he wondered if this would be the last time he laid eyes upon her.
She simply nodded, her own eyes tearing heavily. Having tasked Jackson with pushing the group of survivors to sprint the hill that lay ahead, Washington City merely a hundred or so yards away from them, Alicia pulled two pistols. And as she leaned against a tree of rotted bark, Alicia closed her eyes for a moment. Remembering life before Invasion Day, while thinking of her new-found love for Jackson Ayers.
She had to live, fate had granted her no other choice. Her heart, in such a short time, had been changed for the better. She had found herself madly, deeply in love. And the Ancients had taken enough from her already. She would be damned if they took her true love as well.
As Alicia slowly opened her eyes, it was if she had been reborn. No pain, no fatigue. Simply focus piled onto the will to kill those who deserved it most. She turned slowly from the tree, firing eight shots from her right hand pistol and four from the left.
Two Ancient soldiers lay as dead as the night winds before, victims of the first eight shots. Meanwhile, a third grimaced with pain as he crawled slowly behind a tree of his own, four shots striking him in the stomach only moments before.
It was a cold day by Human standards, the breath of Alicia nearly freezing at she exhaled softly. Pressing a single button, the expended cartridge ejected from her pistol, quickly replaced as she shoved a loaded one into the weapon of survival.
As she started back around the rotted tree which provided cover, bark flew into the frigid air, nearly a dozen Ancients having taken aim onto her location.
Alicia threw her arm around the tree, blind firing her pistol in a desperate attempt to injure any Ancients closing in. And though her bullets did strike one of the demons, he was merely hit in the upper thigh.
It was Alicia, however, that took the brunt of it. Her right hand hit with a rifle shot before she could retract it back behind cover. It passed through the webbed flesh that rested between her finger and thumb, spilling only a trickle of blood but hurting her immensely.
As she dropped the expended pistol, Alicia used her wounded hand to help guide her last remaining cartridge into the pistol still held in her left hand. As the steel of the cartridge slid into place, Alicia turned to take aim at the beasts once more.
A gripping punch from one of the Ancients, however, sent Alicia onto her back, pushing the air from her lungs in the very moment of impact with the snow-covered soil.
“She's alone!” the Ancient yelled loudly, his tone deeply infected with a slang of non-human.
“In that case we will shave the tissue from her bones,” another Ancient replied with a smile. “Slowly.”
Alicia could hear their conversation, though her eyes swelled with tears from the hard punch which had thrown her to the ground. Reaching around, she did her best to locate the pistol which had fallen from her hands only moments before, though all her hands were able to grasp hold of were twigs aproned in powdery snow.
“It will be my own sword that maims the soul from her shell of a cattle.” an Ancient said with authority.
Her time had come, and the heart inside of Alicia's chest convinced her mind that it was so. All of her slaying of the race born of stars was coming to a close as she lay here, so close to Washington City.
As the monster rared his sword up high, preparing to thrust it into the disoriented woman of such beauty, a gunshot fired loudly enough to nearly pierce her own eardrums. Her tear-filled eyes allowed her to see the shadow of such a large Ancient fall to its side, thudding heavily onto the ground beside her.
More gunshots rang out, dozens or more as she found herself giving up the attempt to count them and focusing on getting back to her feet.
As she started to get to her feet, still pushing with what little power remained in her arms, the silhouette of an Ancient once again hovered over her. Falling back to her bottom, she did her best to lift her arm in order to absorb the strikes about to come down onto her.
Instead, Certes clinched her hand and pulled her to her feet; scooping Alicia up into his arms in order to carry the disoriented vixen.
“Relax,” Certes said calmly. “You are among friends.”
Her heart exploded with emotion, having only dealt with certain death just moments before. She had greatly misjudged Certes, seeing only his race and not the true intentions of the warrior within him.
And as Certes carried Alicia quickly to the gates of Washington City, Resistance soldiers trailed behind them, exchanging gunfire with the Ancients as darkness began to set in. They had made it back, and with not a moment to spare. The Ancients were on their heels, but no match for the onslaught of gunfire spawning from the edge of Washington City; quickly forcing the sky-born warriors to back away.
Certes gently placed Alicia onto a bed, and though it was prepped for medical use, she had no intention of having her wounds tended to.
“Where is everyone? Austin?” she asked.
“Everyone else is either fighting or tending to wounded. Good job bringing so many men back to reunite with their families.” Certes replied.
“And Austin? Sheriff Garrett?” Alicia asked.
“I'm,” Certes said, taking a moment to gain his composure for her sake. “I'm afraid he did not survive. His wounds were too severe. But I have sworn to carry the Butcher's blade which slew him, and exact revenge in his name.”
The thought of Austin's death overwhelmed her a bit. A man who had finally taken a stand, finally chosen a side for the sake of his own people. He now lay dead somewhere in a thick plastic bag because of treachery by his own race.
“Where is Commander Snelling?” she finally asked.
“He is being held in the DC Jail, Calypso thought it a good idea to...” the Ancient replied, his words interrupted as Alicia stood to her feet.
“You should be resting.” Certes said.
“And soon I will be, right after Commander Snelling knows of eternal rest.” she replied.
“But Calypso thought it best...” Certes began to reply.
“Calypso is no longer in charge here. And I'll be damned if such a good hearted Sheriff lay dead while a spineless coward lives.” Alicia said, walking out of the small house where the bed was located.
As Alicia crossed the street which was located less than a block from what had become an urban battlefield, she walked with intent. Her eyes caught sight of grieving women and children, the unlucky survivors who would never again see their man of the house. She watched several soldiers of the Resistance fall, slumping over behind the cover in front of them; each succumbing to Ancient gunfire.
And she thought of retribution. Sweet fucking retribution. Someone was going to pay for the horrors she witnessed within this moment. Ancients, perhaps their entire race one day. But on this day, Commander Snelling would answer the bell of fate.
Alicia walked into the lightly guarded DC Jail, staring at the few who remained on watch rather than fighting the grey-skinned bastards at their gates. She had planned to ask the location of their former military leader, but found there was no need. Instead, the two soldiers on watch simply pointed down one of the halls.
“Cell fourteen.” one of the men said.
As Alicia walked deeper into the hallway of such faint lighting, she approached cell fourteen.
“Alicia, thank God you've returned! Someone has to talk sense into the members of your group!” Snelling yelled.
She was without words, instead pulling one of the punishing pistols from its holster and pointing it into the direction of his face.
“What is the meaning of this? I am your direct superior!” Snelling shouted.
And though his lips uttered the words, all Alicia could see was the memory of women consoling their children, painful explanations of a father who would never return.
She fired a single bullet, the slug shiny as it seemed to glimmer a bit, almost spinning in slow motion before puncturing the forehead of such a traitor. And even as his body abruptly hit the floor, dead flesh thumping onto the unforgiving concrete, Alicia's arm remained extended, smoke trailing a bit from the end of her pistol's barrel.
She had lost one of her pistols during the battle outside the gates of Washington City. Deciding it was a different day, and knowing she would now lead the military side of the Resistance, Alicia dropped the second pistol onto the floor. Moments later, as she exited the long hallway which lead to the city streets, Alicia leaned behind the front desk and pulled a battle-ready rifle. It would serve her better in the fight to come.
“They continue to come!” one of the Resistance soldiers yelled as what remained of their first line of defense continued to get shredded with gunfire.
“Fall back two blocks,” Alicia said, approaching the soldiers with no sign of fear attached to her beautiful body. “Give the illusion that they have bested us. When they advance their forces, I will have a dozen cannons waiting to level the very ground that we stand on.”
“Yes, at once,” the soldier said with obedience, more than glad to retreat from possible death. “Fall back men, fall back!”
And with his words, what few soldiers remained began to sprint back deeper into Washington City, several falling to their own deaths in the process.
“The Humans retreat!” an Ancient sniper proclaimed, having seen the situation through the long lens that was attached to his rifle.
“Good, now we advance swiftly and crush them!” the Templar in charge replied, a devilish grin cut into his face.
And though they did so with a bit of caution, the Ancients quickly moved their force up, hundreds of warriors taking the ground which Alicia's own feet had occupied only minutes before.
The Resistance soldiers began firing into the crowd of gray skins with their rifles. Knowing well it wouldn't drive them back, but instead, force them to hold position until a mass of soldiers could be formed. And mass they did. The Ancients quickly moved up thousands of heavily armed demons, their plan to build a spearhead of warriors and then plunge into the city.
“Fire. Fire at will!” Alicia yelled, her words barely beating the throaty sound of cannons firing behind her. There were a dozen or more of the large cannons of iron, each fed by a huge supply line of steam power. They had no need to light a fuse, the steam fed directly into a crankshaft which operated by a spinning wheel of brass.
The soldier in charge of such a massive weapon would spin the wheel, forcing the large weapon to fire a burst of life-ending lead. Then, merely seconds later, the steam fed line had readied the weapon for another shot.
It took the Ancients nearly an hour of fierce fighting to enter the city, but it took less than five minutes for them to realize defeat. They had massed their warriors for an assault, which meant mass casualties once the lead shots from such pounding cannons began exploding around them. On them.
“Retreat! The Human bastards have tricked us! Pull your warriors back before we have nothing to pull back!” The Templar yelled, unsure if his words could even be heard above the loud booms of blasting.
A large force, a spearhead of thousands that was intended to finally break the will of those in Washington City, defeated within minutes as only dozens of Ancients remained. They were shell-shocked and bewildered, nothing short of staggering as they backed away from the battle and attempted to flee.
“Now!” Alicia yelled, prompting a group of nearly fifty Human warriors to give chase; ensuring the people of Washington City that retribution was indeed at hand.
And though it was only a small victory, the Resistance soldiers chasing down and slaying a handful of Ancients that remained, it was a much needed win for the morale of mankind. Hope for those who had made the journey from New Kinneston to Washington City.
“A solid victory.” Jackson, said, approaching Alicia slowly as she watched such heroes return to the safe confines of Guardian Angel.
“Albeit a temporary victory,” she replied, turning to place her hand into his. “They will return soon enough. Continuing to assault our home. Continuing to break us down, piece by piece.”
“And we will continue to defeat them.” Calypso replied, approaching them as he joined in looking across the landscape.
“Ask Preacher, Certes and their crew to remain until sunrise tomorrow. Make sure they are well taken care of until then.” Alicia asked.
“You got it.” Calypso replied.
“Want to help me get our new citizens settled in?” Alicia asked, turning to Jackson with the most amazing eyes.
“Least I can do,” he replied with a smile. “Seeing as how I'm one of them.”
And though they would, in the approaching hours, find a place for those who left their homes back in New Kinneston; they stood for several minutes, holding one another and admiring the beauty of the cloud-filled tapestry of a sky above them.
With the coming of nightfall, also came the familiar roar of fighter jets above. They were in retreat, just as they seemed to be every night around dusk as the people of Washington City stopped to observe their air-riding heroes.
“With any luck, we gave 'em hell today.” Jackson said, holding the beautiful body of Alicia snugly in his arms.
“How many Ancient ships have you shot down, if you don't mind my asking?” Alicia asked playfully.
“Thirty or so,” he replied with seriousness. “Been shot down four times myself.”
“You've been shot down four times?” she asked, pulling away from him a bit in wait of a response.
“Yea,” he replied. “Sorry, had I known you'd eventually judge me for it one day, I would've tried harder.”
“Smart ass.” she replied with a grin, falling back into his arms once more.
“I mean, thirty kills and four downs, that's a pretty decent ratio.” Jackson added.
“Yes dear, I wouldn't dare question your ability in combat.” Alicia replied with sarcasm.
And with only the slightest motion, the two found themselves holding one another, deflecting the chilled air of night as they stood; watching the dog fighting above as if it were a fireworks display.
“Alicia!” Calypso yelled, approaching the two with haste.
“Yes.” she replied, expecting the urgent news to be not so urgent.
“Preacher and his crew are gearing themselves up to leave out,” Calypso said, doing his best to catch a deep breath in the frigid night air. “Berlin City is under attack!”
“Leaving out? It's dark!” Alicia replied, her words brimming with concern.
Moments later, the three rushed to the location of the German airship.
“Hold that ship!” Alicia yelled, the American Resistance soldiers immediately hoisting their weapons into the direction of such a Victorian-style masterpiece.
“What?” Preacher mumbled, quickly exiting the airship to confront her in person. “You have no authority to hold us here!”
“I'm temporarily in command of all things military in Washington City, and I'll be damned if I allow you to head into a night sky filled with Ancient warships!” Alicia responded, doing a bit of yelling herself.
“My people are under attack! MY PEOPLE...my countrymen!” he added, turning his long range communicator up to its highest volume.
Moments of heavy crackling broke in and out, compliments of the Guardian Angel grid above them giving off EMP bursts. But between the bursts, devastation told through words was communicated to them. News of a large battle, a battle that had broken the back of Humans in Berlin City; pushing them deep onto the outskirts of their own home.
“They are slaying at will,” Preacher said with desperation. “Berlin is my home. I have to do something!” he added, heavy hearted as his voice lowered to one of panic.
“I understand,” Alicia replied. “But not tonight. Not like this,” she added, her own voice lowering a bit. “If you leave now, you won't live to see tomorrow's sunrise.” she added.
The two looked at one another, each hoping the other would back down.
“We are friends, and I will assist Berlin in every way possible,” Alicia added with sympathy in her voice. “But not under the shroud of darkness. Not when there is no chance for our own survival.”
“How then?” Preacher asked.
“Have your crew back down and exit the airship,” Alicia replied in a convincing manner. “Then we will meet to discuss everything, create a plan which has at least a minimal chance of success. You have my word.”
Staring at one another for a moment, Preacher finally turned to motion Certes for it to be done. In exchange, Alicia turned to quietly ask her own soldiers to lower their weapons. For they were all among friends and allied against a common foe.
“I've dispatched a scout group to head out beyond Washington City,” Alicia said. “Beyond the range of Guardian Angel. They will set up a small radio station to monitor the situation in Berlin throughout the night,” she added, surrounded by the most trusted among Resistance leaders. “At daybreak, we will be able to not only allow your airship to depart, but do so while giving you the friendliest place to land once you arrive home.”
“I appreciate that. Truly.” Preacher said, a bit emotional as he thought of his countrymen back in Berlin.
“It is the smartest move.” Certes added.
“It will also give us a chance to assess our own damages while shoring the defense of Washington City,” Alicia added. “And what manpower we can spare will accompany you at daybreak.”
“For such kindness we are in your debt.” Preacher replied.
“You would do the same for us. Focus on a good night of sleep, you will more than likely need it in the coming days.” Alicia said.
And as Preacher and Certes, along with two German soldiers, left the makeshift briefing, Alicia paused to allow them exit.
“Double the watch around their ship, it is to remain landlocked.” she said.
“You think they will try to return home anyway?” Calypso asked.
“I know I would.” Alicia replied with certainty.




Chapter 4
*Love Defined*


The night chill continued to set in, a majority of the homes in Washington City spewing billowy smoke from their chimneys as wood burned to warm their skin.
It was a calm night, no weather to speak of, other than the bone-stabbing cold of a December night. Alicia sat on the concrete steps of what once was deemed the Washington National Monument, her hair swaying a bit in the wind as she continued her stare up into the safety net of Guardian Angel.
The firework-like bursts and sound of sizzle which emitted from the low orbiting satellites were a relaxing sight. A comfort during such terrible days. Days which might indeed prove to be Humanity's last.
“Peaceful night,” Jackson said, slowly approaching Alicia. “Mind if I join you?”
Alicia simply nodded, welcoming the company of such a faithful soldier.
“Still hard to believe such horror is taking place so close to us.” Jackson remarked, turning to notice a light shiver across Alicia's body.
Removing his flight jacket, he gently placed it across her shoulders and back, lifting his hands as she turned to glare with uncertainty.
“Relax. Doesn't mean we're an official couple or anything, you just looked cold.” Jackson said.
Alicia replied with a smile, chuckling a bit. “You are such a smart ass.”
“So, as we pick the bones of so many dead Ancients for supplies at our city's edge, what's the plan for Berlin?” he asked.
“Well, so much for peaceful.” Alicia replied with a grin.
“Now who's the smart ass?” Jackson said, laughing just a bit.
As she leaned in, holding one side of the flight jacket open slightly, they locked eyes as their bodies longed for the others touch.
“You look cold.” Alicia finally said softly, offering him the opportunity to join her under the jacket. An offer he gladly accepted, though the chills on his arms were no longer from the cold air of night, but rather his mounting feelings for her.
“I don't know,” she finally replied as they held one another, bursts of colorful lights illuminating overhead. “We can't spare many soldiers, I'm sure of that,” she added. “So the only real option is to escort the best soldiers I have with them to Berlin and provide help.”
“What?” Jackson said, immediately breaking free from her grasp to stand on his feet. “You are seriously not considering taking this on yourself?”
“Who else?” Alicia replied. “It's my job. I kill Ancients. It's what I do.”
“I've been to Berlin,” Jackson said. “The bastards over there aren't your garden variety.” he added loudly. “Here, they want to enslave our race and allow us the chance to do their dirty work. But there, they harvest Humans for food...that's it!”
“Calm down and sit.” she replied.
“Like cattle Alicia, I've seen it firsthand! How could possibly even consider walking into that?” Jackson asked.
“What would you have me do then?” she replied, her tone raising a bit as well.
“Put their ass on an airship and wish them well come first light, hell, tonight even, if that's their wish!” Jackson said.
“I would be wishing them into suicide, you of all people know that! The night skies are controlled by Ancient warships!” she replied heavily.
“But preacher doesn't hold my heart in his hands,” Jackson replied. “You do. And I can't live without you.” he added, lowering his voice as he sat back down beside her. “I cannot lose you like I've lost everything else in my life. Everything that has mattered.”
Alicia turned her head away, lights bursting above them as distant explosions could be heard through the instant-quiet of their conversation.
“You don't feel the same for me?” he asked.
“Of course I do!” Alicia answered loudly, turning back to him. “It's taking everything inside of me to fight the feelings I have.”
“Why fight them?” Jackson asked.
“Because I've lost as well,” she replied with tears. “Everyone I have ever cared for is gone,” she added. “If I allow myself to get close to you, and then lose you...”
“That's not going to happen,” Jackson replied with sincerity, quickly changing to a smile. “The losing me part, I mean.”
Alicia's tears mixed with laughter as she slapped his arm, cursing his quick wit.
And for a moment, there was emotional buildup between the two, almost as if one of the satellites above were charging, preparing for a near-magical burst.
Alicia and Jackson remained close, each staring to the other in search of what the future might hold. Each scared, the thought of losing the other simply unbearable. A fear that instantly left as they kissed deeply, their bodies under a shroud provided by his flight jacket, which seemed to glow as the colorful bursts above exploded.
As the lovers engaged one another, both loving arms and tender lips, a soldier for the Resistance exited the building behind them.
“Alicia,” the soldier shouted, approaching with haste as he came to the steps of the former monument which now served as the building for their strategic high command. “Alicia, they are asking for you. It's urgent!” the soldier yelled.
What could possibly be more urgent than the man I love. She thought as her arms slowly broke away from Jackson, taking advantage of every possible second.
“Tell them I will be inside directly.” she replied, turning to Jackson as the soldier returned indoors.
“Don't leave.” Alicia said, her lips close to Jackson's very own.
“Not a chance.” he replied, kissing her softly a final time.
As she stood to her feet slowly, her eyes never breaking from his, they both smiled as if it were an unspoken promise to each other. A statement of becoming an official couple.
“Any chance I could get my jacket back?” Jackson asked, the chill of night hitting him suddenly.
Turning to the man who waited for her return, Alicia smiled wide. “You're such a whiner.”
“Wait, is that a no?” he asked as the beautiful specimen of woman turned to enter the building, laughing aloud with every step.
“Our scouts have confirmed it!” a Resistance official said loudly.
“Confirmed what?” Alicia replied, entering what the high-ranking officials had begun to call the War Room. It was a large room, maps lining three of its four walls, and it was the place that their military efforts originated from. Currently occupied by just over a dozen souls.
“The scouts you dispatched with a radio have returned.” the man replied.
“Returned? They were to monitor the battle in Berlin!” Alicia responded with anger.
“Berlin has fallen,” the man said with regret. “The last radio confirmation we received said the surviving soldiers fell back to a town called Wernigerode. They will regroup and make a push back into Berlin.”
“Oh God,” Alicia said, her voice meshing with tears. “I will escort a group of our finest at daybreak. Accompany Preacher and his soldiers back to their new home to aid them in winning Berlin back.”
“You will do no such thing,” one of the higher ranking officials replied sharply. He was one of the few remaining Congressmen, and though he had no military power to speak of, Ryan Evans was still highly respected by those who carried weaponry. “We cannot afford the manpower or supplies, you know that.”
“I know that if the circumstances were switched, Berlin would already be on their way to assist us.” Alicia replied.
“There is nothing to debate, the decision has been made.” Evans replied.
For a man who carried no weapon, he certainly had the support of many. His influence; his political knowledge, easily helping him become such an important figure in Washington City.
“Good to know that even though the end of time approaches, politics remain.” Alicia said with sarcasm as she turned to the exit.
Ryan Evans had plenty of supporters here, but so did Alicia Lucard. Hers earned, not through political propaganda, but through respect. She knew of her own following, a large group of soldiers who had seen her do the impossible against such a superior race.
“What's going on?” Jackson asked, standing quickly to his feet as Alicia approached the steps once more.
“Berlin has fallen into the hands of Ancients.” Alicia replied.
“Huh?” Jackson asked, stunned. “What do they plan to do?” he asked of the officials in Washington City.
Alicia turned back for a moment, forcefully staring into the direction of the once mighty monument turned military staging building, before turning back to Jackson.
“Nothing,” she said with disgust. “Sit on their damn hands and do nothing. Isn't that what politicians are famous for?”
“You can say that again.” Jackson replied.
“We need to find Preacher, Certes and their group. They are expecting a huge American force to accompany them at dawn. Instead, they are going to get a political smack on the ass.” Alicia said.
“So a political smack on the ass, it goes something like...” Jackson began to ask, reaching for the vixen soldier's backside.
“Don't even think about it.” she replied with a grin.
“I don't understand?” Preacher asked, sitting in a chair to the rear of the slimy-casual pool hall. Alicia and her group frequented the place, an escape from both Ancient slayers and political scheming.
“I'm sorry, I just received the news myself.” Alicia replied.
“It's a lie! It has to be.” Preacher replied loudly, Certes and the German soldiers standing near their conversation, as well as Jackson, Calypso and eight of Alicia's closest military friends.
“They have fallen back to a town called Wernigerode, are you familiar?” Alicia asked.
“You mean what few Germans remain?” Preacher replied, the hardened sniper's eyes filled with the fluidity of tear. “Yes,” he added, doing his best to control emotion. “I know where it is. It's near enough to Berlin.”
“I'm not sure the survivor count, but it is safe to assume there is, at least, some military surviving. The last transmission was broadcast with a German Resistance identification number.” Calypso added, the large soldier feeling the grief throughout a room of those dreaming of payback.
“And Washington is going to do nothing for us?” Preacher asked, his tears turning from the thought of such a loss of life in what was sure to become a harvesting ground to the betrayal by a so-called ally.
“No. I fear there is too much political influence at the top.” Alicia replied.
“This would never happen in Germany!” Preacher yelled. “Ours is a military first society. Political positioning died a long time ago.”
“I'm glad to hear it, because when I abandon my people in order to go and help, I'll have to call Germany my home as well.” Alicia replied.
“What?” Jackson asked suddenly, his own question also painted to the faces of the Americans in the room.
“I took an oath to protect Humans when I joined the Resistance,” she replied softly, turning to her people. “There was no mention of American or German. Just Humanity. The citizens of Germany are as much our brothers and sisters as the very people of this city. I cannot in good conscience leave them to fight, even die, knowing I could have helped.”
“But Alicia, you need to think this through. Not just decide in the the moment. Not a decision like this.” Calypso added.
“Every Washington City soldier in this room has been loyal on the battlefield, and was chosen for this very meeting because they have no family. Nothing to tie them down here. They live only for the oath they have taken to protect Human life,” Alicia said, the luster of her hair bringing a bit of peace to Jackson's heart. “We can continue to live here in fear, continue to wait for the Ancients to show up at our doorstep,” she added sternly. “Or we can start taking the fight to them for a change.”
The entire room grew silent as every man considered his own future. They knew the risk, and for some it was too great. Others, however, knew heroes were born because of such courage in the moment.
“I need to know who is with me, and if you are not, I only ask that you remain silent about this meeting until we depart at sunrise.” Alicia said.
“I'm with you.” Jackson said, stepping across the room to join Alicia and the Berlin group, slowly placing his arm around her hips.
“I can't do it,” Calypso said regretfully. “I'm sorry Alicia. I'd travel into the pit of hell with you slinging bullets, but I can't do it knowing if somehow I survived I couldn't return home,” he added, approaching her a bit. “It's no disrespect to you or anyone here, I just can't leave a city I've always called home. Memories of my parents, my friends, it's all here.”
“It's alright you big sap,” she said with a smile. “I understand completely,” Alicia added. “Besides, someone will have to remain in order to continue giving the Ancients hell.”
“Now that I can do,” Calypso replied, extending his hand. “Good luck.”
Bypassing his hand, Alicia lunged forward to hug the muscular man with great emotion. “You take care of yourself.”
“Will do.” Calypso replied, turning his attention to Jackson.
“Sorry, I'm not a man-hugger.” Jackson said, extending his hand.
“You take care of our girl.” Calypso said.
“Don't worry, I'll watch after him.” Alicia said, causing laughter throughout the room.
“May we meet again in more peaceful times.” Calypso said, turning to leave the rundown pool hall, taking with him all but two American soldiers.
“We're with you until the end.” one of the men said.
“Jackson, meet Perk and Saunders,” Alicia said, nodding to the men for their true loyalty. “Two of the finest soldiers Washington City has to offer.”
Perk was a large man with the thick shadow of facial hair, his skinned head nearly chalk-white, as was his body that was covered in tattoos. Saunders wore glasses, the type usually associated with someone well-educated. His medium frame was far-less intimidating than Perk's, with short hair and a clean shave.
“Soldiers before the war as well?” Jackson asked.
“Something like that chief.” Perk replied, causing Alicia to laugh.
“What's funny?” Jackson asked.
“They were soldiers in some sense of the word,” she replied, smiling at the men. “Soldiers in the Dayton Crime Family.”
“Gangsters?” Jackson asked with stun.
“Was a long time ago.” Saunders said.
“Indeed,” Jackson responded while his stare continued. “So you used to collect money for the higher ups, or?”
“Perk was doing life without parole and I was top of the chain when it came to killing people. Is that a problem?” Saunders replied sharply.
“No, not at all,” Jackson said. “Just wanted to know the skill set of the soldiers beside me. That's all.”
“Well, I once saw Perk club an Ancient to death, fist to fist. And Saunders is a master of weaponry. So I guess that's something.” Alicia replied.
“So what's the plan?” Preacher asked, breaking up the reunion as the Ancient eyes of Certes stared into the white eyes of Humanity which reflected from those of Perk.
“We'll stow away on your airship, and bring with us several weapons collected from Ancients outside of Guardian Angel,” Alicia said. “Once in the air, we fly as fast as we can and as hard as we can, using the bombing patterns provided by Jackson. Should be a lot less Ancients on those flight paths,” she added. “Will take us several days, so we'll have to land at nightfall and watch our asses until daybreak. When we arrive at Wernigerode, we'll assess how bad it is and then coordinate a strike on Berlin. Together.”
“And your people won't give chase?” Preacher asked.
“No. Calypso will stall them long enough. But once we arrive in Germany, I need to be assured there will be a place for us?” Alicia replied.
“There is a place in Germany for anyone who hunts those who hunt us. You have my word.” Preacher replied.
“Good. I want you to familiarize Perk and Saunders with the way of things in Germany. They need to know the difference between the Ancients who invade our city and those who invade yours. Jackson and I have one last matter to discuss.” Alicia said.
“Understood,” Preacher said. “I will see you at first light.” he added, extending his arm to shake hands with the bombshell on her last night as an American.
Washington City seemed to glow that night, more hope than usual as the New Kinneston survivors began to settle in. The enemy at their gates had been defeated, at least temporarily. And though Berlin had fallen, celebration was in order throughout the asphalt streets which once claimed the right of being the capital city of Humanity's strongest nation.
“Doesn't seem right that our people celebrate while Germans are hurting.” Perk said, Preacher acknowledging his statement with a nod.
The German sniper remained standing, his back turned to the group as his eyes focused on the celebratory happenings. Bonfires and shouts of independence rang through the nearby streets, though his mind remained with his countrymen in Germany.
“Alicia wanted you briefed, so let's get that out of the way,” Preacher said. “Enjoy the sights of tonight, and forge a memory from them. Celebration, wine and fine meat. Because when we arrive in Germany, there will be no such splendor,” he added with pause. “Only Ancient soldiers who celebrate on the flesh of Humans, while our own people drink of cyanide to escape such a fate.”
“What difference are we to make if an entire army fell?” Saunders asked.
“We will only play a part,” Preacher replied. “Help will arrive from what remains of once-great nations. Everyone looks to Berlin as sanctuary. They will dump their resources in order to help us retake the city,” he added, turning back to the window, his pupils once again filling with sights of American celebration. “Something the United States should have done for us as well.”
“What is it?” Jackson asked. “We should be supplying for the upcoming trip.”
“And we shall, but I wanted you to see something first.” she replied as they walked several blocks.
Entering a tall building, one that once stood for a marketing firm, Alicia entered the stairwell.
“Lace up your shoes, because there are a few flights of stairs before we get there.”
“Sure hope it's something worth seeing, because I'm already exhausted.” Jackson said.
“Oh it is, you whiner.” she replied with a bit of chuckling.
Several minutes later, when reaching the thirty-second floor, Alicia opened an emergency door to her left. Jackson trailed behind her by nearly a flight of steps, very much in-shape, but unfamiliar with the building. As he caught his breath and headed out the door, his eyes seemed to fixate on everything around him.
The rooftop was beautiful, trees on the corners, firmly tucked away into small beds of dirt as a temporary structure stood to the back. It had been intended as a military station, at least on a temporary basis, offering much more comfort than a simple tent. A picnic table, two wooden lounge chairs and a fire pit rounded out the list of things immediately visible.
It was Alicia's home. And rather than ask why, Jackson immediately understood as he stared above. The lights of Guardian Angel seemed to burst directly overhead, as if they were only feet away. They were miles above, of course, but still they seemed so close.
“It's like having a fireworks show in my backyard every single night.” Alicia said, walking back to him with two glass bottles of beer in hand.
“I see that.” Jackson replied, still fully-appreciating the sights above.
“And it's like having the same fireworks show inside of me every single time I look at you,” Alicia said softly, Jackson locking eyes with her as he took a bottle from her hands. “This may very well be our last night ever in this country. Under this same grid of lights. I want it to count.”
Rather than reply vocally, Jackson slowly wrapped his hands around her, easing her clothing off as the satin of her skin longed for the warmth of his own. And in that very spot, under an umbrella of brightly colored bursts in the air, Jackson and Alicia made love. Their souls consumed each other as if tomorrow would never come, though it would indeed. The two lovers readying themselves to abandon the only life they had known, readying themselves for the War of Berlin.



About the Author


John M. Davis is the author of several books, including three which have grabbed the #2 overall spot in their respective genres. He currently resides in the beautiful mountains of Virginia with his wife and two spoiled children. If you enjoyed the story, please take a moment to continue it at his official website, where several more books in this series are now available.


