Jethabel





By L L Watkin



Published by L. L. Watkin at Smashwords

Copyright 2012 L. L. Watkin






For Elizabeth, whose advice on this work was very ill took at the time, but proved invaluable by the end.
Chapter 1

David Arman straightened his dress uniform nervously, trying to make the official crispness transfer to his confidence. It wasn’t often he was nervous and it made him doubly twitchy when he was. It wasn’t often he hid in the gents either, but here he was lurking over the sink. A land-lubbers sink, where silvered taps let out colourless water which gravity spiralled into miles of underground pipes gurgling and groaning in time to the distant boilers. An uncomfortable luxury and something he barely trusted to work. He had let it run for a whole minute, watching the circular swirl of liquid over the white ceramic. Such a wasteful thing. 
The rippling sound was supposed to be calming, but it called his attention constantly by its unfamiliarity and jarred his nerves. Might as well have been birdsong. All it did was emphasise the absence of engines. But he didn’t turn it off.
It was still in the narrow, green tiled room. The lights were bright and unflattering, making his skin seem blotched with the mixed effects of space living and an angry flush. It felt like it wasn’t really his face staring back from the mirror. It had a grey look of weariness and caution under the strong veins, and his face had always been cocky and sure of itself. Would be again if he could just get out from under the thumb of incompetent officers and timid politicians. They were the bane of the army, always had been, and he knew, intellectually, that he’d been lucky to avoid their disastrous influence for so long.
If it had been left to him Eleisus would still be cruising through the border space winning skirmishes, and not stuck on this miserable backwater to be part of the most embarrassing defeat in naval history. It was a long-range vessel, he had reminded the admiral. Designed and crewed for keeping minimal eyes on otherwise unprotected borders, for sneaking over the lines for cheeky assaults on supply lines and scouts, for being where the enemy didn’t expect her. She was not equipped to go toe to toe with Tren warships in pitched battles, or to keep formations and match speeds as part of a formal line. But no one had listened to him. It’s another ship, they said, another set of guns and armour to defend Sheraton system. We need all the guns we can get, regardless of how ill designed they are. 
They were the commanders, so he had had to comply and take the inevitable fire targeted at their section, the weakest on the line. Take the damage and limp back to a port about to fall, thankful that at least the ship was intact for now. Accept that his name, the third of his line to serve as ship’s captain, would be scribed next to his commanding idiots in the annals of history so his grandson could despise it and say to his friends “that was the bottom of the barrel as Arman’s go”. Like he had spoken, in his youth, of Aunt Andrea’s capture at Endimon. 
 His hands were shaking so he gripped the mock ceramic basin. He could hear the little boy’s voice echoing in his mind, hear their mocking laughter. He didn’t even have a son yet, and would have to delay that duty until he repaired his reputation. Which would be a shame. He had been looking at a number of women who would be glad to take his ring and bear his children, torn between which to pursue. Would they laugh at him now as well?
He decided he had to make a stand for his career, and then dallied re-checking that his uniform was in order. What were his options? Even in the worst of straits he couldn’t really bring himself to disobey an order, could he? He thought he probably could, but if it didn’t pay off he would be court martialled and cashiered and the shame really would kill him, if his family did not. Have to have a sound plan in place before taking that risk.
Finally he had to admit that the red piping over his breast, and it’s collection of medals, was straight, the pants were properly pressed and his greying hair was trimmed too short to need combing. His boots were unpolished but they were heavy duty ship boots tightly strapped to his knees, and suffered no disgrace from the occasional scuff. It was time he left the bathroom.
As soon as he opened the stiff, sound proofed door he was assaulted by panic. Before him the collected experience of three battle groups was trying desperately to salvage something from the rout. There were two admirals fighting a losing battle in the vacuum beyond the heliopause, relayed with an hour delay to the massive strategy tables covering the floor. A third was trying to organise a retreat, a rendezvous and an evacuation of the planet. 
None were meeting with much success. He glanced at the position on the strategy table as he passed along the balcony, unrequired among the uproar as the rest of his fleet and his admiral fought to the death above without him. He was used to watching battles from a distance, guarding the flank, the reserve or the retreat. But from his bridge he had duties, keeping the crew alert, keeping his senses open himself. Things to occupy his mind. Not the same as being in the thick of the fighting, but that was okay. Eleisus wasn’t a battle cruiser and everyone knew it, no shame in performing his designated role well. If it wasn’t possible to engage stray enemy vessels, of course. A captain should always be ready for a fight when he was on his own bridge. Off his bridge he was a helpless creature, paralysed in mind as well as firepower. 
Peering down on the mayhem he saw little had changed, and no one seemed to have noticed his protracted absence. They had other things on their mind. The Tren were surrounding the Alliance fleet, outflanking it below and creeping into the system proper. It looked like they moved slowly, but that was a trick of the scale of the invasion. The strategy tables had never been intended to cover a whole system of battleground. He couldn’t even make out the tiny flecks of missiles, or make sense of the shifting patterns. Apart from the fact that his comrades were outnumbered and taking heavy losses. They were also badly out of position, which he had warned them of before the battle, before he had been forced back to port, but it looked like no one had taken his warning seriously. No one had really expected the Tren to throw so many men into the fray. Not even him. Apart from the naval port, Sheraton was a nothing of a system. Barely colonised and with no scarce natural resources, unless the Tren were running out of ship-building metal and were prepared to bow their morally ramrodded backs enough to condescend to strip mine for it. He doubted that. As a propaganda pitch it was too much of a gift for the alliance, and the Tren were nothing if not on message. He wondered then what the soon to be conquered colony did have that was so vital.
The command centre was full and stifling, but no more so than the work stations Arman was used to on board ship. It had the advantage of massive reinforced windows opening out onto a bright morning over Sheraton space dock. They had pulled down half of the blinds to reduce the glare but he still had to squint whenever he glanced that way. He tried to spot Eleisus, but she was docked in the civvie quarters far from the control tower and her mass was hidden by the closer dreadnoughts. He hadn’t wanted to be trapped air-side, but as fast as Ashley and her crews could work they hadn’t got the ship spaceworthy in time. Perhaps if supplies had been better, or they’d had the priority over the other crippled vessels, but as it was he was sitting out the fight for the first time in his career. He had a passing thought that the ship might be bombed while still in her moorings and shuddered. He would never live it down. She had to at least reach orbit and allow him to die firing.
Captain Stenman was poring over some battle plan to his right, neither looking at him nor pointedly ignoring him. Doing a fine impersonation of someone who hadn’t been anywhere near his bed last night, but fooling no one. She was regretting the assignation already. Probably calling it a black mark on her reputation, though in truth no one would care. It wasn’t as though they reported to one another. She wasn’t even in the same command group. But if she wanted it that way he could match her game. Last night seemed a long time ago anyway.
He made his way around the side of the bustle. He was not a man to take a vicarious thrill watching other people’s deaths play out as patterned lights on a black plane. Neither was Admiral Beckett, who was ensconced in his office alone, surrounded by hardcopy schematics and reams of numbers trying to “actually get some work done”. They weren’t his men, since his was the port duty, so perhaps he was justified in letting his fellow admirals get on with their jobs while he did his. He was a balding, slightly paunchy man inclined to politics over battle, but he had a good grip on his crew nonetheless. Good enough that he felt no need to supervise them and trusted them to let him know when something changed urgently. 
He glanced up as Arman shouldered his way past the muscled grunts guarding the door and grunted sourly. “I was wondering where you’d got to captain. I sent men to fetch you a half hour ago, but they came back empty handed.”
“Then you don’t hire good enough men.” Arman retorted. 
Beckett shrugged. “I get the dregs.” he admitted. He offered a glass of brandy and Arman took it politely. He wasn’t a big drinker, but so much of the fleet relied on the niceties. You weren’t trusted with anything until you could make the right small talk at the Commissary party. Beckett nodded approvingly as he swirled the spirit. “Mine is not a high priority post in the grander design of things. It was supposed to be my wind-down duty. This place has been colonised for decades. It’s got no violent natural conditions, no resources worth stealing, and it’s nowhere near the border. The real border I mean, not the one the bastards up there are trying to carve out for themselves.”
That was hardly helpful, only beating around the bush of why Arman was there. “Eleisus will be fit to sail in an hour,” Arman took a hesitant sip of the liquor and was pleasantly surprised, “but we couldn’t make it to the battle in time to help anyone. Not even to cover a retreat.”
“I haven’t asked you to. The fleet can cover its own retreat.” The admiral snorted. “It’s the planet I have to worry about. I hate surrendering so much to those bastards.”
“We’re falling back too readily.” Arman agreed with a heartfelt shake of his head. It was a nothing of a planet, but it was a planet nonetheless. “We should take the offensive. We’ll never get anywhere on the permanent defensive like this.”
“We don’t have the men.” There was a glimmer in the admiral’s eye now, an inkling that while he spoke the party line he thought with Arman. 
“We’re losing men by the bucketful trying to guard evacuations.” Arman pointed out. He didn’t know this superior officer well enough to guess if it was safe to fish for a mission, but it was tempting. Someone had to do something to stem the tide, and while Arman had never thought that someone would be Beckett there was no one else here with the authority to unleash hell. He wasn’t under the admiral’s command of course, but stretching the command chain would be a far sight better than breaking ranks completely if it came to a court martial at the end. If the admiral had a tempting enough offer.
“But the Tren are not laying down many lives to win this space, yes? They have stretched their defences too thin marshalling this fleet, but we have nothing left to take advantage with. Do we?”
“It wouldn’t take a lot, sir.” Arman allowed himself to smile. This was more like it. “Something to make them think twice, to re-assess how well they can hold the line they were so eager to take. They’ll hold at the least, fall back if the strike is good enough. A single blow, in a sensitive enough area.”
“But at great risk.”
“Worthwhile risk, sir.”
“Then I think we understand each other.” Beckett nodded. “Eleisus will be ready to lift off soon you say?”
“As soon as the crew are back on board, sir. They’re marshalling the retreat, fetching families and so on. I will send out a recall immediately.”
“Yes, I would advise as much. I can’t offer you any ground troops, though. They’re needed to control the port and ships. You will have to take some evacuees, of course. Don’t want to make people suspicious.”
Don’t want it to seem like you gave me the go ahead, you mean. Heaven forbid you should have to take a risk in all this. If it goes well I bet you claim the credit. He nodded acceptance of the terms. It wouldn’t be his first secret assignment.
An aide pushed her way into the room and saluted. “The Tren have broken the line, sir.”
“Are Admirals Shelby and O’Connor regrouping?”
“Yes sir, but the fleet is falling back towards the Myo entrenchment. They say they will shield our backs once we have cleared the system.”
“Bloody lot of good that will be.” Beckett barked a laugh. “Sound the general evacuation. Captain, you had better return to your vessel.”
Arman saluted sharply. Time to find another home port.
Chapter 2 


 The apartment was abandoned, had been for weeks by the layers of dust. There was a faintly rancid smell coming from the kitchen and the power had been cut off. The integrated comm. system in the hall was slowly running down it’s batteries in a desperate attempt to get someone to pick up 116 messages. Despite this the doors were all locked protectively and the curtains drawn as though the habit had been too hard to break. 
Alex was compulsively tidy. He washed the dishes before he ran out of cups, which Greg had never understood. He imagined Alex rushing around frantically cleaning before he fled, just so the looters wouldn’t think he was a slob. But there hadn’t been any looters yet. Under the layer of dust everything was still neatly in its place. Apart from the items that weren’t there at all. Alex had taken everything of value, including all of Greg’s stuff except the clothes, which wouldn’t have fit. “You could have let me know.” Greg accused the empty walls. “I would have spared myself the trip.” 
He shook his head wearily. He should have spared himself the trip anyway. The evacuation notice had finally gone out across Sheraton only nine days ago but Alex kept himself up to date with the news, what little of it got through the fleet censors. He was more practical on the inside than he tried to make out, which was why Greg had come to like him in the first place. He’d left for the central worlds weeks ahead of the crowd, just as Greg had known he would. So he was probably safe, probably happy, probably suffering a few guilty regrets he hadn’t stuck around to wait for his soldier like romantic heroines would have. He may have even written. Mail got lost. These days everything and everyone got lost.
Just in case Greg checked the messages waiting on the comm. Most were evac notices or reminders of unpaid bills. There was a fair scattering of memos from friends Alex had either forgotten to tell he was leaving, or who had forgotten he had in their panic. The only one for Greg was from his mother on Echo. It had been intransit for a fortnight, passed from ship to ship in the hope rather than expectation that it would eventually find him. She looked well. Worried, and thinner than he remembered, but getting by. Echo was still well beyond the front so she would be safe there. She was inviting them to stay for a holiday when Greg next had shoreleave. He wondered if Alex had taken her up on the offer. He hoped so. His lover had no offworld family and if he’d simply fled with the flow they’d likely never find each other again. Besides, his mother looked like she could use the company. 
He deleted all the messages and switched the comm. off. Its beeping was annoying, and he wanted all his concentration as he ransacked his home. It was a small apartment so it didn’t take long to search, one of the kinds of up-market dwelling in which you could have a sauna in any of three bathrooms but couldn’t swing a cat in the living room. It was painted in shades which Alex had various names for and Greg always called cream just to annoy him. The effect was to make it airy and light, but it was lost on Greg. He had spent his adult life space-side and was used to quarters in which he struggled to stretch his six and a half foot frame out flat. The apartment was a palace in comparison. It had great views of the city and space port which he had admired to even Alex’s house-proud satisfaction and a balcony to catch real wind-borne air scented with scorched tar and fuel to remind him of the ship when he had agoraphobic moments. On the whole it had been a good home and a good arrangement with Alex. It had seen them through three years worth of shore leave affairs, never quite getting to the point of arguing before Eleisus was shipping back to the front and Greg was gone for another season. The flat had hosted some of the best times of those years, and none of the worst, but since its owner was gone its attraction was fading and there seemed no reason to hang around to bid it a proper farewell.
He pulled open his rucksack and stuffed in as much of what was left as would fit. A handful of sentimental trinkets from his early tours, a couple of books, his sister Jenny’s battered old pan pipes and her medals, clothes, a bone-handled knife forgotten in the bedside cabinet. A few scattered images of them with friends (mostly Alex’s) which only served to show up how space-pale Greg’s skin was under his close-cropped mousey hair and thick brows, and how his grey eyes looked haunted in the daylight. The rest of his possessions had been taken, but he wouldn’t have been able to carry it all anyway. He’d only left it in the first place because his cabin was too cramped for it.
He gave the apartment a final look around for old time’s sake, and locked it on his way out because it was what Alex would have wanted. The other apartments on the floor were all open invitingly and had been trashed accordingly. Though how the thieves had got anything out was beyond Greg. The elevators were broken from earlier attempts to cram furniture into them, and he didn’t envy anyone the task of dropping stuff down seven flights of stairs. He had had enough trouble hauling his own weight up them. The first six floors were fine, but the last, the one Eleisus didn’t have, had had him gasping. And it turned out that going down with his baggage was just as bad. He was only ship-shape for a given size of ship.
He emerged panting into the bright daylight of a tree lined boulevard and paused while his light filter adjusted. Alex had lived in a trendy part of the town, far enough from the space port to muffle the roar of take-off engines but generally downwind of it so the house prices weren’t too extortionate. The district was almost derelict now. People with education and money were the first ones out. They didn’t wait around for the fleet passenger service to arrive. They’d stopped doing that after the Tren had beaten the fleet to it on Cadin and bombed the city and port both. Even the government’s news channels had struggled to find a good angle on that one. In the end they’d scapegoated Admiral Mantor, but it hadn’t calmed the fears. Why make your children risk it when you could afford to be light-years ahead of the Tren ships? Sheraton wasn’t an outlying world, or it hadn’t been before the border got so much closer, so there’d been plenty of ships to hire.
 He had borrowed a bike from the space-port guards. A battered old thing with faulty lights, but it had been maintained by Fleet mechanics used to decrepit hardware and still ran well.It was bit small for his lanky frame, but easy to manage for an inexperienced land-driver. It made a reassuringly throaty growl when he started the engine, adding to his image as a man not to be messed with.
Traffic was light until he got within a mile of the port. He could sense people in their homes, peering from behind the curtains as he passed, but they kept mostly out of sight. There were looters on the prowl taking the valuables from empty houses and the food from the stores. They looked like the poorer classes and hid from him when they spotted his insignia, but in truth he wished them well with it. There would soon be a massive food shortage planet-wide, and nowhere worse than in the city. The Tren would raze the almost grown harvest as soon as their foothold was secure. The crop was contaminated by chemicals and gene therapy and useless in their view. 
He remembered hiking, blistered and footsore, along ridges in the distant mountains sometimes visible between the tall glass towers. There was vegetation there that predated the colony and it had been glorious that day, one of only a handful of times Greg had seen a natural beauty. The few glimpses he could catch as he rode were still lovely, the haze of distance softening the harsh granite of the peaks. The Tren would safeguard it much better than Sheraton colonists would have as their city expanded. By reputation they put great store in pretty scenery. A silver-lining, then, but he still considered it a bad trade.
He was threading his way through the queues now. The city margins fell behind him and he cut onto a four lane express-way over the sea-weed farms of the Connell bay to the massive reclaimed mud-flats of the space port. The port had its own multi-junctioned ring-road circling between the warehouses, control towers, hotels and markets which supported the colony, and the Gates. This road was impassable in both directions. When he had left there had been accidents which weren’t cleared yet and a handful of closed down Gates but now most people had abandoned their vehicles and begun to walk, effectively immobilising the crowds behind them. Even then, they queued in orderly fashion between the cars to get on those monorails which were still shuffling overhead from the various hotels into the port.
A lot of people were trapped in place but they didn’t have his uniform, his rifle, or his heavily polarised visor keeping his eyes adjusted to space light levels. The civvies cleared out of his road where they might have mobbed one of their own for the bike. They were quiet, calm for the most part. Queuing as they’d been queuing for the better part of a week. They didn’t know how close the enemy were, and Greg was not of a mind to tell them. As long as the monorails still clattered along they would stay and queue like the blaring tannoy told them to, and nothing else would do them any good anyway. He was glad Alex’s friends were rich – he didn’t have to fear being recognised or knowingly leaving someone behind. Better they were strange faces with no names. 
 Finally he threaded his way through to a narrow bridge over the ten foot ditch which protected the Gates from stupidity and desperation, and the security door it led to. He left the bike there; no one else was going to need it. His hand passed over the scanner, opening the door only fractionally wider than he needed to squeeze through. The guards were waiting on the other side with guns loaded to deter any civilian from trying it, and a good thing too as there were many people eyeing it up behind him. “Commander Greg Hawthorne.” he presented his insignia as the doors slid shut again on the waiting crowd. “Eleisus.” 
“Yes.” the ensign in charge nodded. “Captain Arman’s been on the comm. asking after you. Said to send you straight up when you got in.”
 Greg frowned. He was actually earlier than he’d expected to be and his own comm. was working and on. If Arman had needed him back he could have raised him at any time. Unless he’d been wary of being overheard and accidentally starting a panic. “Do you know if the rest of the crew are back?” They weren’t scheduled to leave for another three hours. The captain had granted leave to forty-eight crew apart from him for outside the port, and a further half shift were assigned to general port-defence duties.
The ensign shrugged. “There are a hundred doors to the port, sir. Only four have come through this one.” 
“Right.” The crew who had left had families on the planet, as they should in their home port. Not all of them would have been headed for the main city, and few would have shorter trips than he had had. If it was time to be going they were screwed. 
“As you were.”He accepted the men’s salute and returned it briskly. Slinging his rucksack over one shoulder and his rifle over the other he strode off into the port.
He had always admired Sheraton space-port. It was a trifle smaller than the main inner-world equivalents where space traffic hubbed and was redirected, so it was manifestly easier to navigate. Each class of vessel had its own loading area, each ship its own Gate. There was none of the doubling up one above another which was needed to save land-space on the developed worlds but hugely complicated any take-off. Here the vessels hung suspended twenty yards above the ground on vast metal fretwork pillars, their loading doors connected by ramps to the intricate network of aerial walkways. Most of these were conveyor belts to take people to and from the high speed monorails. On the secondary level ten yards below the first a similar network shunted freight, and underneath that sparse vegetation helped to reduce the collective pollution of the enterprise and provide homes for the spattering of local wildlife which had survived the construction phase. 
Today the upper belts had been switched off so people could be queued and directed better. They would all be walking miles before they arrived on board – it took adventure holiday types three days to hike around the port, though he supposed their routes were indirect to avoid all the blast grounds. Greg was in too much of a hurry to bother with that so he took advantage of military prerogative and rode the freight system to Eleisus’ gate in the company of four privates, all fresh faced local youths, and two dozen cases of laser fuel. He distracted himself for the first tense minutes by admiring the well tended gardens which covered the hundred square miles of space port ground, what of it lay outside of the Gates’ concrete blast radii. It was losing some of its vibrancy as Sheraton’s southern hemisphere entered its autumnal season, and it was littered with the abandoned remains of campsites and junk tossed off the walkways, but from slightly nearer the ground he decided it was a better view than most people got. 
When he saw his ship he couldn’t suppress his sigh of relief. The privates echoed the feeling with open smiles. They were in time. 
The Eleisus was docked near the outskirts of the port at a gate too big for the frigate. She was keeping up a slow engine burn to offset the unstable angle she was resting at on support pillars designed for a bulky hauler. There had been a space for her in the frigate section, but it had been given over to an evac freighter as an excuse for the admiral to scatter his armed vessels into the civilian sections. The Tren’s invasion fleet didn’t have the gun-power to take out the whole port from orbit, but they could reduce a few sectors of it to rubble if they were given half a day.
As they sped along towards the port-side cargo bay low down the aft of the ship, he noticed the ship was taking on civvies. It was a small line of people, orderly and travelling light. Most seemed to be family groups, all of them weary. At the rear a patrol of rifled privates kept watch of the walkway as they filed aboard. Greg felt a headache coming on. Logic said it was the daylight, overcast as the weather was it was too bright for sailors. His more persuasive side said it was the realisation of who would be given the chore of settling and controlling the human cargo. He hoped the port authorities had done their sums properly. Someone should have counted exactly how many souls the Eleisus could carry, but given the circumstances he wouldn’t be surprised if they’d been over-optimistic of her. The lines didn’t look too bad, but they could have been boarding for an hour for all he knew.
To put off the problem for the moment, he admired the good job Ashley had done repairing the rip in the hull armour from the last skirmish. A strafe of Tren lasers had weakened their armour plating across three whole decks, right up to the pyramidal apex of the ship. It had allowed a later missile to tear through a twenty foot section before ricocheting off the front wing. They’d been lucky it hadn’t detonated, but the damage had stopped them from being in the main battle and sent them back to their soon to be levelled home port. That missile had saved their lives if the comms from the frontline weren’t Tren propaganda. The patch job was ugly and makeshift, adding to the worn veteran look of the ship by shining with new brightness in comparison, but it looked sound despite the bobbled welding and that was all that mattered.
A blaring siren cut over the clamour of the docks. Greg twisted his head, finally spotting the nearest signal tower several gates over to the left of him, a slender spire reaching into the clouds and ringed with a series of neon bars. Since he had arrived the bars had been constant orange, enemy approaching on scanner. Now they were blinking red. Incoming fire.
Above the alarm siren Greg heard the human roar. To his right, separated from him by the ten yard high strengthened glass wall, the patient queue erupted in panic. Behind him the sharp patter of gunfire told that some were hammering at the gates, but most were pushing straight for the walls, climbing their fellows in a desperate but ill-advised attempt to get over into his ship’s blast ground where they would be turned into ash on the concrete bowl when Eleisus shot for orbit. The rest, near the back of the press, were fighting free and running back to the city. They, he reflected, would be the survivors. Rumour had it the Tren left the cities alone once the military were gone. Cadin was supposed to be the exception, not the rule. Depending, of course, on how much resistance their ground troops met with and what you classed as “survival”. Most of the people left behind would starve in the months ahead.
The freight cart glided along smoothly, its computer blissfully unaware of the imminent danger, until it stopped in response to a laser across the carriageway and allowed itself to be loaded into The Eleisus’ cargo hold by robotic arms. Greg swung out as it landed and grinned as his feet touched solid deck again. “Shut us up.” he bellowed to crewmen Jordan and Benjay.
Jordan shook his head. “We’re only half loaded, sir. There’s another batch of rations coming for the civvies.” He pointed out around the bevelled door and Greg followed his finger to a retinue of freight carriages half a mile off, just past their neighbour’s Gate. At the normal carriage speed it would arrive in less than a minute. Give another two minutes to load, plus the three it took to cycle and air-lock the massive bay doors…
“Shut us up.” he repeated. “If they get here in time load them through the closing doors.”
“Dangerous.” Jordan noted. An understatement. Anyone dawdling would be trapped outside in the blast-radius, anyone tripping could be crushed by the huge metal teeth, and if the cargo got trapped the doors might be jammed open and they’d all be stuck on the planet.
“You’re good at your job.” Greg commended him. The crewman nodded and flicked the switch. “It’s not worth dying for, so don’t risk too much.”
“No, sir.” Benjay glanced at the carriage Hawthorne had rode in on as its precious ammunition was unloaded and pushed into the elevator on its way to the gun batteries. “Looks like you brought the stuff we’ll actually need.”
“I live to serve.” Greg agreed. He whistled at the four privates who had arrived with him and were now milling uncertainly. “Welcome to the Navy. I’m your new commander.” He held up a hand to forestall their protests. “I know, this morning you were in the army. I don’t care. You’re on board my ship now and unless you are lucky enough that an army officer made it aboard too, your line of command is to Captain Arman and it goes through me. Shoulder your weapons.” They blinked almost in unison as they adjusted to the facts then obeyed with admirable precision for the raw recruits he’d taken them for. “Good. Now…”
He paused as one noise, among the din of sirens, door pistons and loading pulleys, made itself clearer. Over the ship wide tannoy Lieutenant Hazel’s voice called. “Incoming. Brace for impact.” The howl of an orbit-to-ground missile took over everyone’s attention. Greg stared out of the diminishing doorway, trying to make the heat trail out of the clouds, but the missile hit home aft of them and out of his line of sight.
The impact shuddered the ground and he felt the ship slide in its precarious mooring. He staggered, but held his footing. The less ship-worthy privates were flattened to the deck. One slid hull-wards as Eleisus tilted, but Benjay caught his pack and hauled him upright before he could get jammed in the doors. A spurt of side thrusters with Samson’s deft touch put them back level.
The boom of the explosion stung Greg’s ears so badly that seconds later he watched a troop carrier blast off in what seemed to be near silence. Then he shook his head and the ringing faded into the background noise. It had hit miles away, near the centre of the port.
“Cargo Bay.” Hazel’s common-accented voice boomed. “Seal the hull.”
Greg fumbled out his comm. and tuned it to the bridge frequency. “Hawthorne to Hazel, bay door cycle is already in progress. Estimating forty seconds to lock. We are clear for takeoff.”
“Acknowledged commander.” Hazel replied on the private comm. “Glad you made it back, Greg.” Then he switched back to ship-wide. “All hands, prepare for takeoff.”
“Shit.” Jordan and Benjay swore in unison. They were sprinting for the exit before Greg had to give the command. All of the crew were, and the privates were not slow on the uptake either. Greg cleared the door near the rear of the pack and pushed himself back against the interior wall of the narrow, flesh-filled corridor. Jordan waited till the slowest crewman threw himself over the raised step, then slammed the door shut and threw the locking wheel around. He was a fraction late and the heat of the blast off escaped into the corridor, momentarily choking them before the locks slammed home and cut it off.
“Verdict?” he asked when he got his breath back.
Benjay checked the sensor console beside the door. “We have air lock, sir. The blast fire probably did some damage, but the seals are holding. It’s a bit hot in there though.”
It’ll cool down fast enough in space. Cut the life support for the moment, and call Lt. Trimp to check it out before you even try to go back in.”
“Where are you going?”
“Where do you think?” Greg snapped. He had a post to get to.
Chapter 3

This is a disaster, Printer thought. Of course defeat was never going to look pretty but rank and duty were supposed to carry some privileges and he had not expected it to be a personal disaster. There was something suspicious about the way his permits had been shuffled around – last minute changes in ship and destination approved by deputies and equivalents rather than the responsible officer. But approved it was and here he crouched, leant back against the grimy dull grey paint of a clapped out frigate a decade over her retirement date. Flotsam to be put ashore at a random dock and forgotten. Not at all what he had been promised.
He tried to block out the noise of idling engines and impatient, frightened citizens but it was useless. He could not even ignore the flicker of the lights through his closed eyelids. His own fears refused to be dismissed, their very reasonableness preserving them. It was impossible to begin a logical assessment. Were these concerns paranoid, childishly petulant or coldly valid? More importantly, could any action of his have prevented his current straits?
“Incoming.” An authoratative male voice, slightly garbled by old speakers and poor acoustics. “Brace for impact.” Printer opened his eyes and obediently wedged himself back into a corner. Along the corridor dozens did the same. Some were self-absorbed, but most were watching him. It was obvious he was with the government, although he had chosen not to wear his dress sash and confirm it. Perhaps an act more of cowardice than of subterfuge since the chances of being attacked had never been great. Now that he was safely aboard a ship, if not the intended one, he regretted the choice. The people may have respected a show of strength. Or they might have strung him up as a scapegoat for the failure. Too early to tell, really.
The deck slid precariously in his direction and he found himself suddenly looking up at convict Briars. The man’s eyes were white rimmed as he fought to keep from sliding down onto his warden. Had he been alone he might not have managed, but there were several burlier men on the chain and between them they kept the line in place.
They righted with a bump and Printer heard the change in the engine noise just before his ears popped. “I think we’re off.” Mathars said redundantly. He was wedged against a doorframe, tendons bulging with the strain as the ship juddered. Printer nodded but saved his breath from replying. 
He took advantage of a lull in the vessel’s movement to check the line. Mathars was holding down the forward end of the chain, and Riley the rear, stretching the prisoners out in a rough ring along the sides of the corridor. It was tight, allowing them enough freedom to kill each other if they had wanted to, but the men seemed as subdued by the speed of the retreat as any of the citizens. His third guard, Kell, was crouched on the other side of Printer’s bulwark support still cuffed to Hartley. He had to support his prisoner (their best subject to date) who seemed to have lost focus again.
Printer nodded grimly to himself. In an ideal world there would have been time to take the non-responsive prisoners back to their cells where they could be safely abandoned to the Tren’s short mercy. He would need to file a report on why that had not been done. It was not his fault, but the report would reflect badly on him all the same and he could ill afford another black mark on his career. He needed something to soften his account before they were deposited at the evac centre, but on a ship of this size such a thing should not be difficult to find.

*

Eleisus shuddered so hard Greg’s teeth rattled. It was a strain on his muscles to keep moving as the force of their ascent pressed down on his shoulders. They were rising too fast and not levelling off as the air thinned around them. Arman was in a hurry. Greg wished he was on the bridge. In the dim corridors he had no more knowledge of the battle than what the shifting deck could tell him.
The crew he passed had strapped in to their seats to wait it out. Some of the civvies were that lucky but most were clinging white knuckled to bulwarks and piping, impeding his progress. The lights flickered and the console screens were mostly dead. It looked like even the life-support power was being re-routed to the engines. The only active posts were the gun banks, engines and bridge. 
When he reached deck 4 he stopped in the main gunnery to get a better bearing on the situation. The two junior gunners gave him pale, brave grins before turning back to the joystick controls of their weapons. Lieutenant Turner ignored him. He was belted to his chair, which in turn was locked in its place despite its normal rotating motion, and all of his attention was focussed on his consoles and the orders barked into his headset to be relayed to his teams scattered in the ship’s spread of batteries. Greg grabbed the chair-back for support and leaned over Ethan’s shoulder to peer at the screens.
Space-worthy ammo was low. In-atmosphere supplies were better, but the team was using it up fast. All eight banks were firing almost constantly, the radar screen a confusion of the blue and black dots of friendly and Tren missiles. And he saw immediately why they weren’t levelling off. The Tren had come down out of orbit. They were running a gauntlet of ships in the high atmosphere, but after them… The higher altitude screens showed the orbits were clear; the course out into the solar system was open. It was fortuitously careless of the enemy. They were too eager for the kill.
“Incoming!”Hazel’s voice blared. The gunners ceased fire immediately, locking their missiles in their protective cases away from the impact. Greg took a firmer grip. The Eleisus rolled with the blast, the deck fell away under his feet and his helmet cracked against the ceiling causing bright flashes across his vision.
“Resume fire.” Ethan commanded. Then he flicked his microphone off and pushed it down under his square chin. “You ok, sir?”
“Fine.” Greg assured him. “Glad of the helmet, though.”
“Wondered why you were wearing that.” One of the gunners barked a laugh and there was a definite grin on Ethan’s face. “You make for an awfully skinny marine, sir.”
“I was off ship. Haven’t got round to taking it off yet, and now I think I might keep it a while longer. I can live with looking the idiot. Do you get damage reports down here?”
Ethan shook his head. “Not for us. It would only clog the screens. For them yeah.” He waved at a screen scrolling sensor sweeps of the Tren ships looking for weakened zones and easy targets. “There’s a lot of fire out there, sir. We’ll get hit again before we’re clear, but we’re giving them back some too. They’ve lost two to one so far. Course, they outnumber us by twice that again so maybe they don’t care.”
“Their admiral’ll get a bollocking for giving up the tactical advantage of orbit, though. Heavier losses than they were looking for. Keep it up.”
“Was planning to, sir.” The lieutenant switched his headset back on. “Port side, concentrate fire on target six three. Repeat, six three.”
Greg nodded, slapped Ethan’s shoulder and left him to his job.

*

The ship had steadied, but Printer suspected this was temporary. Though his mind said they had been ascending for ages his watch disagreed. They were only 16 minutes into the flight, and the level of turbulence implied they weren’t on a direct escape path. Nevertheless he forced his numb fingers to relinquish their grasp and pushed to his feet to make use of what respite there was.
A quick headcount confirmed everyone was still there, though two were now unconscious. Printer racked his memory but could not recall if the medication made them more susceptible to space sickness. Certainly they all looked unwell, perhaps more so than their guards and the nearby civilians. It would be a shame to lose some after all the effort, even if it would even out the prisoner/guard ratio a bit.
“I am going to find out what is going on.” he informed Kell. The guard didn’t question. He knew when to play to the dress circle. He did gesture to Hartley, who had covered both his ears and started rocking on his heels in a plausible imitation of distress. Printer spread his hands helplessly. The boy was as much a danger to others as he was to himself and could not be released. “They will have sedatives in the sickbay. That should help for a time. Keep everyone in line until I return.”
This class of ship was familiar to him. He had travelled in similar vessels regularly during an earlier assignment in the diplomatic service. Yet he had nowhere in particular to go. The purpose was only to be seen. He pushed slowly along crowded corridors, peering into equally full barracks and keeping a rough count of bodies and likely backgrounds while he offered brave smiles and encouraging sound bites. There was nothing genuinely encouraging to be found under the emergency lighting.
Eventually, by a circuitous route avoiding most of the active crew stations, he worked his way to the small office near the engines where travelling officials were placed. A quick pass of his wrist and its implanted id chip and he was granted entry. It was a tiny space, the navy begrudging any of their precious deck, but it was secure and furnished with enough equipment to make a start.
Firstly he booted up the neat console and accessed summaries of the bridge reports. He didn’t comprehend all of what he saw but it was clear they were still in battle mode and were seriously damaged. He considered lifting the attached headset and listening to the bridge chatter. It was tempting, but fast paced events quickly overtook the eavesdropper. 
Instead he called up files on Eleisus’ main crew. No immediate weakness or foothold presented itself. Captain clean, decorated hereditary officer, slightly loose cannon – not trusted. First officer clean, veteran, sister lost in action, brother MIA possible Tren hostage – not trusted. Engineer, seditious left leaning youth – not trusted. Not entirely unusual for the navy, which tended to attract a more dissident crowd than the infantry, but still disappointing. Some clean record lower officers, but on a ship this size they were unlikely to have enough power to be worth recruiting. 
He asked if there were any other officials on board. There were none. He checked the door was securely closed and sound proof and then hit the desk in frustration.
Only then did he notice the beckoning blue light of a waiting message on the ground army channel. He toggled it and was rewarded with a series of simple check-ins. Four privates from the 181st battalion, six and a corporal from the 74th, Lt Kristin Caisley also of the 181st (coding herself with four years seniority and obviously expecting to be in with a shout of the ranking officer post) along with a full security detachment. Presumably these were the stern, competent figures who had marched their refugee column to the ship. He had expected them to remain to put up a token defence of the port, but he was not unhappy that they hadn’t.
The last message had just arrived. Lt Caisley had ordered a regroup at the engine room, conveniently close by him. He had time to review her file (spotless service record, career military family, politically trustworthy) before setting off to stake his claim.
He slid the door open and tried to step out. Immediately he found himself back in his chair as Eleisus began another series of evasion manoeuvres. He took a better grip on the door frame and tried again. Supporting himself against the wall he managed to edge along to the rendezvous.
Not all of his new recruits were impressive. A few looked like veterans but most had the panicky wide-eyed look of locals only signed on for planet bound duties. They held their weapons with enough skill for the tasks he had in mind, though.
“Lieutenant?” The officer broke off her yelling, which had no point that he could discern except to instil the chain of command. She looked furious at the interruption (as far as it was possible to gauge her expression underneath the helmet visor), but she controlled herself when she saw his own uniform. “Jayleigh Printer.” He accepted her salute. “I believe I am the ranking officer so far checked in.”
“Yes sir! And thank God. For a minute I thought I’d have to scrape to the boat captain.” She sneered in perfect Army superiority.
You could do worse, Printer thought, but that sentiment wouldn’t play well to this crowd. “A terrible fate.” he allowed. “Has Captain Arman issued any commands?” 
“Not a peep, sir. Must have other things on his mind.”
Imagine that. “Very good. In that case I require four of your men to reinforce a temporary brig my own men have established on deck five for some very important prisoners in my care. I would also like to post guards at strategic systems – bridge access, sickbay, here at the engine room, vital thoroughfares and the like. There are too many unauthorised civilians for my liking.”
“Yes sir. I’ve already pushed them back to the third bulkhead to give the engineers some room.”
Printer frowned. “There are actually crew in the engine room?” Now? The machinery was never more dangerous than when in lift-off thrust. The whole area should be off limits till they reached cruising velocity. “I had hoped not to impede the crew. I am sure they have their hands full with the battle, and as long as they have that under control we should concentrate on securing my charges and managing the passengers.”
A lithe young woman in an oil smeared jumpsuit jogged out of the engine room and, with barely a glance their way, off up the corridor. She looked terrified, although she moved with a calm, if speedy, purpose. She was followed by an equally filthy, but much older and higher ranked woman who didn’t look round at all, merely bellowing “Caisley! How good are you at securing explosives?” in their general direction. She turned. “Caisley?”
 “Commissariat Jayleigh Printer, sir.!” Caisley introduced them. Printer saw the quick flash of satisfaction as she realised he would not outrank her captain. Personal loyalty in the crew. A good sign for Arman’s competence, though not his pliancy. “Lieutenant commander Ashley Trimp, sir.” Caisley went on. “Chief engineer on this boat.”
“Ship.” Trimp corrected reflexively, smiling even as she rose to the bait.“With respect, sir, we have work to be doing. I can’t stay to chat.”
“I’m sure.” Printer agreed. “I offer you every assistance, lieutenant. Perhaps Lt. Caisley and her men can clear the path for you. Did I hear you mention an explosive?”
“Her men? I thought they were scattered?”
“They are in the army, lieutenant. Quite adept at finding their commanding officer.”
“Hm. Well, they might come in handy.” She scowled. “And yes, I was talking about a bomb. The last shell didn’t explode on impact.”
Printer felt his eyes widen in spite of himself. He glanced back towards the civilians camped by the far door and then stepped forward lowering his voice. “I suggest we keep that as confidential as we can. I doubt the news will be well received. Of course that must be our priority. Lt Caisley, you and your men must assist Lt. Trimp. All the help she needs.”
“But your… other needs, sir?” Caisley nearly bit her tongue so eager was she to ask about his “important” charges.
“They can wait, for now. Perhaps a guard will remain with me? I will be patrolling the corridors, assuaging fears and so forth.”
“Anything you need, sir.”
Trimp was trying to think of an objection, ready to salve her crew’s pride in self-reliance, but an armed guard was too obviously useful and too much needed to be done. So she waved for Caisley to lead the way and made a note to take revenge later.
Printer leaned back against a wall and closed his eyes, wondering if it was only his imagination that the ship listed more heavily. His life had so rarely been endangered he had not spared a thought for the risk of death, only of failure or capture. How quickly priorities change, he thought. “Important” charges. To me, to my career, perhaps, but not to anyone else aboard unless and until we reach a friendly port. I need to think of a reason for them to be here. An unclassified reason.

*

The middle deck was crammed with people. The corridors were only wide enough for two abreast, so Greg was twisted sideways trying to push through the line of bodies and was constantly blocked by unstowed baggage and the people it had felled during the turbulence. Finally he pushed free and gasped precious air in the well of the ladder before heaving himself up the rough gripped rungs. 
Hazel yelled “Brace!” over the comm., a shout that ended with a yelp of pain as the missile struck. This impact seemed less violent than the first, at least to Greg as he clung halfway between the second and third decks. He had no problem keeping his grip, which meant the head had pierced the armour rather than exploding on it. Worse news for their escape plan as well as anyone who’d been in its way. The civvies below wouldn’t know that. They would think it was a glancing strike, but they sobbed loudly all the same. One of them had a crying baby. He pulled himself hurriedly up away from the grating noise.
Despite the overcrowding the civvies seemed to have been mercifully inclined to stay in their designated areas. Or hadn’t yet had time to spread. He passed a small gang clustered around the gun post listening to Kim and Tom swearing loud and foul at each other, the guns, the Tren and anything else that came to mind, but the crowd were entertained and didn’t hassle him. He started to make some real headway.
Near the forward end of the second deck, far enough from the hull to be protected from most strikes, the bridge had been sealed off. He pressed his palm against the door-lock and waited for the computer to recognise his print. It was slower even than normal, and he wondered if the computer core had been damaged. It was well protected, but also fragile. After what seemed an age the red finally changed to green and Greg pushed through into the claustrophobic command room.
The bridge was silent apart from Hazel’s heavy breathing as he massaged his abdomen where it must have rammed against the terminal edge. Everyone else clung to their chairs, not trusting the beltstraps to hold them in place but otherwise whole. It was an oblong room with a bulwarked entry on each wall and a raised section in the centre for the captain’s chair, the twin pilot consoles and the strategy tables, where Greg had to duck to avoid the support struts of the ceiling. In the four quadrants twenty-four crew stations were packed so tightly their chairs banged against each other if they weren’t careful. Greg had learned to read upside down so he could double-check the readings of the crew facing him from the dais rather than struggling round the circuit. They stared at him as he strode past and round to his place, but he knew from their faces it was only because it was better to watch something than to patiently wait for Hazel or Samson to give an update.
The lighting flickered uneasily and the ship lurched as though the engines were crippled, straining against the gravity like a mine victim trying to walk again. The second shell had bit deep into the hull. He could feel the heat radiating across the starboard walls as the battered reflective plating failed. The hairs on his arms lifted and sweat dripped down his spine. 
The sensor grid patched through to his table picked up a faint reading, another shell heading their way. It was blue, friendly fire, and he wondered quickly why his instincts had been drawn to it. The table was sparse of action, it was true. The Tren had fallen below them and taken the battle with them, but there were enough ships and missiles around them that this one shouldn’t have jumped out at him. In curiosity and boredom, since there was no other threat to worry about, he projected its course. Blinked. Then blurted “Incoming! Sector 82.”
“Negative, bridge.” Ethan shot back instantly. The bridge was on an open comm to the main gun bank during battle, but he must also be having a quiet patch to have responded so quickly. “It’s a friendly.”
“Overruled.” Hazel piped up. His console didn’t have the programming to project courses but he had a great head for maths. “Friendly fire is on collision course.” He switched to shipwide. “Incoming! Prepare for possible strike.” Smoothly he moved to the ship-to-ship channel, putting on his best central worlds accent as he did so. “Eleisus to Airona, call off missile Alpha Echo Niner Sierra. Missile has locked to friendly target, code Echo Tango.” He paused, then repeated the message. “No response, sir, but they are receiving. Airona has no reported damage.”
But then she wouldn’t, Greg thought, even if she was limping. Not with the admiral on board and flying the flagship colours. She was enough of a target without showing weakness.
“Samson.” Arman commanded. “Full speed and evasive action.”
“We’re already at full available speed, sir.” The lieutenant reminded him through clenched teeth, but she bunched her wiry muscles and threw them sideways and steeper.
 The temperature dropped noticeably when they escaped the atmosphere. Instant relief, even though it meant the life-support system was shot. The artificial gravity started up, and promptly shorted. For a split second Greg was thrown back against the dais-rail by the speed of their escape and felt a brief queasiness as even his ship-bred gut objected. Then the ship adjusted and the familiar hum of the space bound engines picked up.
Samson cut the damaged thrusters with obvious relief. She made a show of checking their heading and speed and then dropped the controls to flex her whipcord arms, stretching them high above her head with her fingers interlaced. She looked even smaller than her passionately defended five foot three, dwarfed by the bulk of the pilot’s harness and the mass of her own sweat-drenched, bottle-blonde hair. Even so, she had complete control as they cruised away from the battle.
From his central perch Arman checked his readouts again and visibly relaxed. Greg’s own five foot square, slightly sloped display verified it. No sign of pursuit. Missile AE9S was atmo-only. Its aim was off by miles as it compensated for friction that wasn’t there and it detonated harmlessly well below them. It seemed the enemy themselves were too busy on the surface to give chase. The rest of their own fleet were either falling back or battling through and scattering at high velocity – even Airona despite the damage to her comms or weapons systems. None paused to offer them help. They couldn’t risk missing the rendezvous.
The captain worked his spine out of its tense, hunched arc and cast a quick look around his bridge. The crew were all tired, their sweat drenched uniforms torn and filthy. This shift had been on duty when they had landed and was long overdue for sleep. Three times Greg saw his eyes pause over the hollow where a familiar face should have been, if only they had made it back to the port in time. He sighed, once. His dark skinned face had a war-weary cast, the close cropped hair greying more with every year of fighting. In the depths of his black eyes a battle lust occasionally showed its glow, but most days now it was smothered by the unrelieved round of defeats.
“Commander.” he said, turning to Greg and raising a condescending eyebrow as he spotted the helmet. Greg saw him crush the instant of dislike into a professional trust. There wasn’t time to air personal vendettas. Through the metal deck they could both feel the small jerks as the crevice in the port side hull slowly pulled itself wider, deeper, under the stress of space, and knew it would only be a matter of time. They both had the mariner’s sense of looming disaster. “Find out how many souls are on board and, if possible, who they are. Anyone with any technical skill, even unofficial, draft them. Trimp will need all the help she can get.”
“Aye sir.” Greg saluted and smiled slightly, trying to dispel the pallor he imagined went with his tension with a brave attitude. He took the helmet off, pretended he wasn’t abashed as he stowed it in the bin under his table and combed his sweat drenched, mouse brown hair with his fingers in an attempt to look like an officer again. The captain didn't look impressed. He rarely did when they were on the run. “Where do I say we’re going?”
“Back to the fleet.” Arman snapped. The same fleet that should have defended Sheraton and was instead busy falling back and licking its wounds. The battle had seemed all but a rout from the comfort of their dock and the Tren certainly hadn’t needed to regroup or mop up a rear guard. But there was nothing else to say. For these people at least, home was gone. Greg nodded with a wry grimace.
“Sir?” Samson had picked up the pilot rig again and braced her feet against the deck. The strain of keeping the ship on course as it shed parts and air told in the bulging tendons of her frail neck and the glistening sheen of her flushed skin. “Might be nice to know where I’m really going. Hyratia is an awful long way on the power these engines are giving me.” 
 “Round in circles.”Hazel joked. It didn’t raise a laugh. He scowled and took a glance at his readouts. Hazel was from the unlucky age group, now in their mid-twenties, who’d been serving their compulsory military year when the war was declared and had been denied permission to leave when their time was up. Of his own choice he had been signed up to some useless ology degree at a prestigious university somewhere (archaeology or geology, Greg thought, something to do with digging). Instead he had been forced into the officer aptitude test and, having passed the academics massively well, been “persuaded” to take every engineering course that could be had on distance learning and teach-yourself. Since he had been on full shifts while learning all this stuff he had ditched everything that wasn’t directly useful and distilled the rest into a mnemonic form light on technical facts but usually very descriptive. The end result was that his commanders loved him because they understood his, often very rapid, explanations, but the properly trained engineers didn’t have a clue what he was going on about. 
“Range is going to be very limited. We are leaking gas to port and the carbon count is rising fast. We are stuck at sublight and... we appear to be the unlucky ones. Thirty eight vessels have moved to inter-stellar drives and they are away. So no help there.” He grimaced. “There are unfriendlies moving in on four of the outer system mining settlements. No doubt they’ll get round to the others soon enough. I’m not reading anything from the rim space port.” He paused. “I do have a faint oxygen reading. It’s just outside the system proper, in the heliopause. It’s not got any power readings and it’s just drifting, but it might have an oxygen supply we could appropriate. Enough to get us through to Hyratia, anyway.” 
“Friendly?” The captain asked quickly.
Hazel shook his head in the negative. “Not as I can see, sir. It’s definitely not wearing fleet colours. In fact, it looks to be one of those screwy alien derelicts they get in this sector. It’s reading as two miles long and we surely don’t build anything mobile on that kind of scale. On the other hand, neither do the Tren.”
Arman scowled. Greg could sympathise with his thoughts. They didn’t have time to meddle with bugs, or whatever else had built those things. The Dresus had dragged one back as salvage once, a huge, curvilinear thing with a smooth plated hull. Arman hadn’t stepped on board and had refused permission for any of his crew to snoop either. He was too superstitious at the core, like most of the Fleet. Still, Dresus’ crew had got a fine reward for the thing, enough to fund a week on the town for everyone and more for the officers, even though it had been damaged and shut down. There’d been rumours the weapons system would turn the war around if they could only crack it. There was always something in the pipeline to turn the war around - someone must be blocking the tap. It didn’t mean the derelict was actually dangerous, and the builders had breathed air. That much Greg was sure of. Even a small air supply would go a long way towards replacing what they were currently venting.
The captain leaned over Hazel’s shoulder to measure the problem for himself as Greg ran the same reports on his own console. The enemy were crowded round the upper atmosphere like sharks smelling blood, but some were already breaking off to chase the pieces scattering across the rest of the system. A brief review of the summary engine data available told him Samson was right to be sceptical of reaching Hyratia unaided. They were barely running at all. They had enough, maybe, to reach the main refugee column and hitch a lift on a larger cruiser. If the oxygen held out. If the captain could be persuaded to beg for help, and that wasn’t very likely.
Sheraton system had seven asteroid and moon mining stations they could try putting in for repairs at, but all of these would be scanned and scuttled as the Tren consolidated their position. Not very secure hiding places. A day at best, and then a hard fight to get free if Trimp lived up to expectations and got them going again. The ammo supplies weren't sufficient to justify turning around to go down fighting. Both officers reached the same conclusion and confirmed it silently in their expressions.
“Do your best Samson. If we cling on and shut down we might avoid their sensors.” Slim hope, but it might buy Trimp the time she needed to do something about the hull, and re-rig the lasers. If they were found then they could at least do some damage before they were put down. If they weren’t… Greg brushed the thought aside. Better to plan for the reality rather than trust to luck to keep them alive. “Commander, I’m going to need that new crew roster by the time we’re landed.”
Greg saluted wearily and pulled himself upright, wincing at the collection of small aches and twists in every muscle he had to use. He threaded his way through the narrow gap between the control and engineering stations. The bridge was the largest work area on the ship, but it was so full of terminals that the only clear view was the illusion of space over the strategy table. Four consoles lined the outer wall of each quadrant and eight ringed the dais, but they hadn't been that well staffed even at the start of the tour so half the screens were untended.
He scanned his palm to be let out into the axial corridor. Outside the bridge’s sound-proofing and controlled conditions, the ship looked and sounded much less healthy. He hadn’t noticed before through the adrenalin of the escape, but the corridor ahead was emergency lit and even these were sparking fitfully. Out of the corner of his eye he saw the bridge crew wince before the hatch cycled shut after him. 
He closed his eyes and took a deep breath of the burned and thin air. It seared his throat but cleared his head, which he considered a good bargain. Then he set off to check on the passengers. 

Chapter 4

They were everywhere. Near the top of the ship they’d had time to settle in so they didn’t get in the way as they did below but every hatch Greg peered through there were more people huddled inside. The crew appeared as isolated islands of calm at their stations as he quartered the decks and registered the head count via comm. with Hazel. By the middle deck the crowd was getting so irritating he was shouting himself hoarse trying to control the rabble. 
Of course, any officer could have done this job. It had been assigned to him because, at the core, Arman didn't like his first officer and wanted him off the bridge. On paper they were a good team, but in practise they grated on each other's nerves outside of action. Since the feeling was perfectly mutual, Greg was just as happy to leave the bridge to the captain and concentrate on the rest of the ship. Even if it did leave him staring blearily at random faces demanding fleet reports he wouldn’t divulge even if he had them.
Back on the fifth deck, forward of the cargo bay now in the dingy sections colloquially called the bilge, Greg gave yet another forced reassuring smile just as he was thrown into the wall with a force that numbed his shoulder. “Just a bit of stabiliser trouble.” he told the wide-eyed civvies as the lights dimmed and flickered back to full power. The dark, crowded passageway suddenly looked a lot more like the clean, metallic vessel he’d first stepped onto, before the war had torn her and her crew apart. It was a lot easier to smile then and he blessed Ashley’s clever, busy fingers.
“So there’s fifty-three in your party?” The old man nodded meekly, those behind stared at Greg as though he could solve all their problems, and possibly transport them to heaven in the doing of it. “Right-oh. Settle in here.” He indicated the neighbouring crew quarters. Most of the owners would never be back anyway. These were grunt barracks, narrow and basic rooms where the unskilled conscripts had been housed on their way to planet-side battles. Most of the current crop had been shipped to undamaged vessels before Eleisus had come away from the front and the remainder had been supplementing Sheraton’s port guards.
“Try to stay out of the corridors as much as possible.” They nodded vaguely and he moved on, tallying the numbers in his head. His poor little ship was carrying far too many souls. Enough to poison the air in a week even before they had vented some of their oxygen. If anything of Sheraton space-port survived someone would be getting bawled out for working out these numbers. The lieutenant at the airlock was getting dangerously close to the top of Greg's personal grudge list for not shutting the doors on them, and he was unlucky enough to still be in range of the commander’s temper. Greg started to amuse himself composing punishments for whoever it had been. 
“Hazel, you still there?” He found himself a semi-private stretch of corridor and spoke quietly. Even so he knew he’d be overheard.
“Naturally.” The lieutenant sounded sour. He was probably pitching for a break and getting knocked back to make Samson feel better. Nothing like company to make a long shift seem bearable. “You got the final tally?”
“Close as is going to make no odds. Do you know where the army lads have taken themselves? I didn’t catch them in the nose-count.”
“Um, hold up.” Hazel made a pretence of checking facts so he didn’t come off as a gossip. Greg wasn’t falling for it so was unsurprised when the answer came. “They reported themselves in to our new resident grunt leader, name of Caisley, and were lent out to Ashley. People were crowding her engineers and not making way. Stuff like that.”
“Oh. Ok. I was thinking a few armed patrols would be nice around here, but if they’re gainfully employed already let’s not confuse them with new orders. A lot of the army types have soft heads.”
“Don’t I know it! They even took my cousin and he managed to flunk relativity at college. The family were all deeply disappointed in him.”
“You are an intellectual snob.”
“Too true.” He admitted cheerfully. “So, we were up to 524. Can you add enough to double our official capacity?”
“I can indeed, plus an extra four.”
“Hurrah. The captain is signalling the need to strangle someone.”
“Yes. Speaking of which, who was doing the meet and greet?”
“Marian Anderson.” Hazel reported promptly. “But if she asks it wasn’t me who told you.”
“I don’t think she’ll need to ask, Jim.”
“You might be right. I need to work on my reputation as a close-mouthed comrade in arms.”
“Yeah. Good luck with that one.” Marian’s battle station was an aft gun bank so he started to head over before his sense of fairness could override his urge to vent. He was moving swiftly but he found he was against the flow. The civvies were retreating from a noisy ruckus up ahead. He quickened his pace and a twist in the corridor brought him into a brawl. A baying group of men stood around while two of their number kicked at a third, huddled on the deck without a whimper that could be heard above the shouts.
“Hey!” Greg yelled. “Settle down. This ain’t the time for any of that.” The shouting stopped. Half a dozen pairs of vicious, sneering eyes turned his way. They were all big men, bulkier if not all taller than him, and he noticed the trackers each wore on his left wrist. Convict trackers with solemn, silent red blinking lights and dull metal bands. His mouth thinned. Precious oxygen was being wasted here.
 A stocky man, bald and with a tooth missing, took a slow step forward, proving himself the appointed leader. Greg held his ground and met the stare. He’d come through worse than this guy already today. Hell, he’d had worse officers and reports, not to mention drill sergeants. The criminal opened his mouth to speak but another voice interrupted. “Printer’s back.” it said softly.
Greg glanced down. The victim had pulled himself to his knees and from there staggered to his feet. He wasn’t tall and he couldn’t have been more than eighteen, barely out of the juvenile halls. He had light brown hair that was long and ragged, looking like it had been hacked off as and when it got in the way, and the bird like frame of the borderline anorexic. His voice was mild and calm, unhurried, and he showed no anger towards his attackers, but it was obvious why they didn't like him. He didn’t show any fear either.
He had huge, brown eyes through which he gave Greg a frank survey before gracing him with a slow, feral smile tempered with an appealing touch of vulnerability.Whatever it was that made people attractive, this kid had way too much of it for anyone's good. Greg could feel his pulse increasing just from that one, almost certainly fake, smile so he swallowed and looked back at the other men. His reward was a low mocking laugh proving the kid knew exactly what effect he had and the advantage it gave him. Some of the other convicts were giving him frankly jealous looks. So it wasn’t just him. He felt a bit better for that but the boy’s bony features and battered complexion were staying in his vision like the spots after seeing lightning.
Dragging his mind back to business he saw that the guards had returned and the criminals, grumbling but led easily by their shock trackers, were sectioned off and sealed into the rooms along this stretch of corridor. Greg was mollified to realise these were storage spaces, smaller even than the compact crew quarters they backed on to and not fit for housing proper refugees. A makeshift brig. 
“I’m sorry for the inconvenience, commander.” The commissariat stepped forward and shook Greg’s hand briskly. Greg noticed packs of military grade meds stuffed in the carryall strung over his shoulder, but he pretended he hadn’t. Mirehead had more important things to do today than argue with arrogant officials, and Greg could hardly fault him for handing over meds for an easy life. It would make for trouble later on though, if the bureaucrat decided he could push them all around as easily. “I was attempting to clear the area of free citizens. Not an easy task as I’m sure you appreciate. I’m afraid in the interim the trouble got out of Mathar’s hands. Jayleigh Printer, by the way.”
“Greg Hawthorne.” He extracted his hand and flexed it absently. The policeman had a strong grip. The guards sealed the last cell and the tension eased palpably. He noticed that the boy was the only convict with a cell all of his own and wondered whose protection the guards had in mind. “How many are there?” 
Printer twitched, giving a fine first impression of being as tightly strung as any of his profession. It was a nervous career, government. Full of espionage, ambition and politics as well as the constant fear that your charges would rebel. This particular official was in his early forties, although the job had given him a few more gray hairs and frown lines than most people that age. He looked like the patient type and had probably been making a steady rise in power over the years. His insignia identified his rank as equivalent to Arman’s, apart from the captain’s home-ship advantage. He would be competent. And trouble. Interior was a prestigious ministry, not one you got into or stayed in long without qualifications. Wide, watchful eyes kept track of the commander’s every move with a precision that was unnerving and in odd contrast to the nervous ticks.
“I am currently responsible for three guards and seventeen inmates.” Printer replied smoothly. He had a tone which matched perfectly with his freshly pressed uniform and fashionably oiled hair. “Twelve assorted petty criminals, one sexual offence, two violent assaults, one manslaughter and a murderer.” 
 “Let me guess…”
Printer smiled without humour. “He does rather stand out in the company he keeps. Joshua Hartley, my very own budding psychopath. From Natilus. They all are, actually, and the rest of the pack are no more savoury. Sometimes I think that planet should never have been green-lit for colonists. There's something in the air that makes monsters of our species.” He was flicking specks of ash and dust off his dark jacket and silver epaulettes in a series of unconscious gestures which could not have been more annoying if they had been calculated to grate on Greg’s nerves. “Fortunately this specimen was apprehended before he could cause too much damage, but he does tend to aggravate his fellows. I keep waiting for him to defend himself from their bullying. I suspect when he starts he will go to such extremes that he’ll never need to do it again, but until then he remains too tempting a target for their limited minds to accept.”
 “He looks harmless” Greg grimaced at his own sharpness. He had never been good enough at lying. Hartley had struck him as instantly and inexplicably freakish. Especially because, in hindsight, he really wasn’t that pretty. A sack of bones and bruises in a prison jumpsuit several sizes too big.
Printer, however, took the remark at face value. “The border-line insane often do.” He replied. “Can I help you in any other way?”
 Greg shrugged. “Unless you can tell me how seventeen criminals became more important than law abiding citizens, and providing you can keep them away from everyone else, I think that will be all.”
 “More important?” Printer stopped fidgeting quizzically.
 “We left some innocent folk behind to die because this filth was taking up the space.”
 “None of these men were sentenced to death, commander.” Printer’s eyes flashed briefly as he insisted. Greg swore silently. He’d been hoping the convicts’ presence was another bureaucratic oversight, but the commissariat’s quickly concealed fervour hinted that he actually believed in his job. Which made him even more trouble than an ambitious pen-pusher would have been. 
“They aren't even on the lists for a penal colony.” Printer had continued while Greg re-assessed his first impressions. “Even little Joshua will be set free eventually, after we've had time to correct the more worrying aspects of his psyche of course. They might not have more right to live, but I assure you they do not have less. I will keep you no more from your duties.”
 “No, and I hope it’ll stay that way.” Greg debated between going on and turning back and, on instinct, let his feet take him back to the bridge. The captain wasn’t going to be pleased with Mr Printer either.

Chapter 5

“What the hell are you doing?” Ashley yelled. She’d tripped over one of her own engineers on her way onto the bridge. The crewman was lying on his back trying to fix the control panel, which was still blinking “access denied”. They had jammed the hatch open with a crowbar. “We have better things to be fixing you idiot! Get down to the engine room.”
“You did your best Lieutenant.” Arman soothed. She looked like she had just woken from her worst nightmare, tousled hair covered with ash, uniform stained with grease and skin pale and flushed in turns. 
“Of course I did.” Ashley Trimp sniffed, her upper class nose wrinkling delicately. Her taught, well formed vowels mismatched with a voice made harsh by years in the hot oily depths of the various ships she’d served on. Through the grime and damage it was still possible to see the beauty and bearing of an aristocratic house, but you had to look hard these days. Ashley Trimp had been looking out for herself since childhood, and she’d done it well enough to pass her middle years with a crew who all recognised her laugh. She wasn’t laughing now.
“We’re going to lose the engines, sir. There’s nothing we can do about that. The thrusters won’t even relight and the fuel is leaking from so many places I can’t patch it. It’s run into a ruptured potable tank on deck six and we’re inches deep in oil and water down there. God help us if anything lights it up. The fumes are already noxious.” She sighed. “So on top of everything else we’re short of drinking water. The hull is fixable, if we pull to a halt for at least four hours, but that’s not much good when the power is failing.”
 “How long?” Arman cursed internally. He should have known better than to think he’d been cut a break by Admiral Beckett. Bastard must have known the odds of getting out of the system before he gave Eleisus free rein, and chickened out when he saw they were going to make it through. Or else he had been feeling Arman out with the intention of shooting him down if he took the bait. He wouldn’t be the first admiral to take out a junior he thought had too twitchy a trigger finger, although it was cold of him to destroy the whole ship. The only things he could be sure of was that the Airona’s missile had been no accident, and that as long as Eleisus was flying David Arman had the ball in his court. He would find a way to win.
“An hour.” Ashley said bluntly. The bridge let out a collective groan. “Maybe twice that if we reduce speed and cut the workload as much as possible.” 
Arman nodded. Not as much as he’d hoped, but it was something to work with. “Hazel, will we reach the derelict?”
 “We’re coming up on it now, sir. Still no sign of internal power.” 
“Just a chunk of metal, huh?” Samson joked, still struggling with her controls. She looked as though stubborn will alone was keeping her from collapsing, but there was no one left to spell her. She was the only pilot on board.
“Not exactly.” Hazel admitted slowly, knowing how little everyone wanted to hear bad news. “It’s actually made of some carbon polymers. There’s little more than traces of most metals. A few stronger concentrations of iron, silver and the alkali metals.”
Arman swore. “Are you telling me it won’t hide us?”
Hazel shrugged. “If they know what to expect from a derelict like this one then no, but I didn’t know that and I'm stationed in the sector. How likely is it they’ll think to wonder at the presence of metal?”
“A derelict?” Ashley asked doubtfully. “One of the alien bio-mech ones? I thought they’d all been picked clean decades ago.”
“We’re looking for camouflage, not supplies, commander. It’s on the charts, so they’ll be expecting mass here, but it’s on a more stable orbit than your average space junk. Should be easier to cling to. Most asteroids are mostly ice, so we’re not really giving anything up on the metal detection side.”
 “It was a thin hope, anyway.” Hawthorne pointed out. The annoyingly slender, irritatingly efficient man had crept up on him again and Arman had to stop himself from flinching. The engineer who had been fixing the door had fled, so his only option to get warning of the commander’s return would be a cow bell round his neck. Amusing as the image was, that would be too much embarrassment for even Hawthorne to put up with. “It’s not as if we have a lot of options.”
“Finished the sweep?” the captain broke in. He preferred to keep the dismal prospects out of his crews' ears. It wasn't as though anyone needed the reminder.
Hawthorne gestured an apology. “Sixty three crew remaining, 514 refugees of some sort or other, seventy-two of which have shipside knowledge.” Arman nodded. He'd already had the rough numbers from Hazel but confirmation was good. He noticed Hawthorne was fidgeting slightly and indicated that whatever it was he wanted to hear it. “Deck five, aft port section has been taken over by a Commissariat guard troop.”
“Well, there had to be one.” Arman said philosophically. The secret police wormed in everywhere after all. It would be a miracle if they didn’t have at least one trained informant on the regular crew. Most people suspected Mirehead (because everyone talked to their doctor) or Dregor (either because everything went through the computers or just because he had the social skills of an ice-berg and a popularity to match). “As long as he doesn't think he's taking the army personnel we've been lucky enough to get our hands on."
“I think I met him.” Ashley frowned. “Hanging around outside the engine room talking up the grunt what’s-her-name.”
“Caisley” Hazel provided helpfully. “He was probably checking in at the civvie command cubby down there. I’ll see if Dregor flagged it.” He paused. “Yes, he’s looked the guy up and forgot to tell anyone, as he does. J. Printer. Up to his eyeballs in classified projects, recently pushed into some kind of medical clean-up duty. Colony green-light gone bad, probably. Dregor suspects a biological weapons programme. Take with handful of salt.”
“He looked like an oily bastard.” Ashley mused. “Not that I was paying him much mind. He’s welcome to that lieutenant. All she could do was get in the way.”
“He’s legally in the right.” Hawthorne agreed. “But he might actually need her. He came complete with seventeen felons. Twelve petty and five violent.”
“Security systems are still on line.” Ashley snapped instantly. “They shouldn’t be a problem.”
“Unless word of them gets out.” the commander snapped back. “There’s not a soul on board who hasn’t lost someone and some might be less than pleased that we granted passage to a clutch of psychopaths.”
 “Then we’ll have to make sure word doesn’t get out.” Arman said firmly. Hawthorne opened his mouth but the captain waved it shut. “We can’t exactly toss them out, commander.”
 “Sir, we are approaching the derelict.” Hazel interrupted diffidently. “It’s reading as two miles by a half by a half, and all the sensors are actually agreeing on that.” He shook his head as a sign of reluctance to accept it. As a six deck frigate Eleisus was just about 300 feet by 100 by 100, dwarfed in comparison. Even massive troop transports didn’t reach a half a mile length.
“I can see a docking bay of sorts. The doors are open and bigger than we are. We’d be less easy to spot inside than attached to the hull, sir, and partially protected by this thing's armour.”
 “Good?”
 “Better than ours was whole, sir. I don’t think it’ll even conduct.”
Any protection was good news. Eleisus’ armour was ripped, the hull punctured and they didn’t have the power to spare for weapons. But no good had ever come of the derelicts. They were ancient, scattered across asteroid belts sector wide and for the most part were harmless relics of a long extinct species. Some, though, some had dormant, undetectable systems still functioning. One or two vicious internal defences, bay door controls… Their ship could easily be doomed by a random, accidentally triggered switch.
 “I can’t hold it much longer, sir.” Samson prompted. As if in agreement her hand slipped and the ship rolled gently starboard, lifting Arman out of his chair as the gravity was temporarily disrupted. An instant later she had control back and his rump hit the metal seat with a painful thump. “We need to either stop or speed up, sir. The engines weren’t designed for crawling.”
 “Then take us in, lieutenant. As carefully as you can.”
 “Aye, sir.”
 The bridge was brightly lit and her captain could see every inch of dirty, smeared surface from the wiped clean consoles to the jagged edges where circuits had exploded and the metal had warped and torn. Only the readouts Hazel and Samson guided the ship by showed any visual sign that there was a world outside the confines of the ship, but Arman felt it nonetheless when the alien vessel closed around him. The air became heavier and the lights seemed to dim oppressively. He knew it was his imagination, but his heart beat faster all the same. He hated the few traces non-human hands had left in space. God’s other children were mighty and strange by the prophets’ accounts. The derelict was doing them a favour, and he had a primal fear of the price fate would exact. 
Samson dropped the ship onto what Hazel assured them was a wide deck. She had never been meant to lie on flat floors and surely the deck hadn’t been designed to hold her, but thankfully the ship didn’t roll or rock. Samson gave a sigh of relief and finally let the groaning engines stop their work. Ashley had disappeared, without asking his leave he noted, back to checking every system for the slightest sign of hope. If there was none then they would not be taking off again.
“How are we looking Hazel?”
“Still scanning.” He grimaced slightly. “Results are screwy. Bay doors are open, but there’s an atmosphere. No reading on what’s keeping the air in, but it’s nominally breathable, for short periods at least. High pressure, probably because of our arrival, traces of poison gas... Not recommending long exposure. 
“The bay is the whole width of the wreck – about half a mile diameter, roughly hemi-spherical. After that sensors are in trouble. They can’t penetrate any of the walls and I have multiple echoes going on. I’m not seeing any water. There is enough power to run a few light bulbs.”
 “All right." Arman thrust himself out of the chair with a forced rush of momentum which nevertheless carried renewed strength to his officers. "Shut down everything you can. We want to be quiet. Samson, Hazel - get some rest. Hawthorne, ready a team and secure the… port. Be very careful.”
“Yes sir.” Arman could tell there was a retort on Hawthorne’s lips for the unnecessary advice, but the commander bit it back with his usual decorum. “Seless make it back?”
“Cargo bay.” Hazel told him as he pulled off his head set and followed Hawthorne out. “She’s helping Benjay sort out the fire damage you caused.”
“Very funny. Sleep well.” He glanced round to include Samson with friendly ease.
“Yeah. I think I’ll get up some time next week if it’s all the same to you.” She stretched out and grimaced. “I’m going to ache till then, I reckon.”
“Four hours.” Arman called after them. “That’s all I can give either of you.” They sighed but nodded acceptance.

Chapter 6

The cargo bay was chilled now and had the thin aftertaste of ash and burned plastic, but at least the fires were out. It was hard to tell anything about the damage through the black dust covering but Seless acted like she knew what she was doing. Greg suspected she was bluffing. Aside from obvious hazards and rote safety drills, Martha was as much an engineer as he was, which was why she was shouting orders at grunts in a cargo bay rather than helping Ashley with a real vital system. “Hey!” he hailed.
Seless saluted neatly and trotted over the buckled floor. She had good balance and a controlled gait acquired from hours of combat training. Despite the theft risk and the low probability she would need it, she had a handgun strapped to her thigh and he knew she’d have a blade hidden under her jacket. “We’re okay here sir. No help needed. We’ll be finished up in an hour or so.”
“Good to know, but not why I’m here.” Seless’ face brightened considerably. Babysitting technicians was far from her favourite duty. “Yeah, you’re going to like this one. We just docked on a derelict alien ship and we need a perimeter check.”
“Oh goodie.” She grinned. “Is Ethan taking a team as well?”
“No. Just you. We’ll want Ethan here if the Tren find us and we need to leave in a hurry.”
“Oh.” She glanced surreptitiously to check they were out of the men’s earshot. “So I’m not expected back then?” Her expression said she would still go if he commanded, but she might pack more food… 
“I plan on keeping you around a bit longer, Martha.” He replied dryly. “You know what I mean. If we have warning enough to get you back on board obviously we’ll do that, but don’t get carried away.”
Seless nodded. “Roger. Stay within the ship lights. Don’t take anyone we can’t do without. Keep the comm. on just in case. I’ll get a team ready. Port side airlock?”
“I’ll meet you there in thirty minutes.” He agreed. Raising his voice he called “Benjay – you’re in charge.”
“Aye sir!”
The crew were all hard at work on repairs by now. They saluted as he passed but returned quickly to their soldering, patching and re-connecting. He felt guilty not to be chipping in, but it was more important that he keep himself going than to fix a random vent. Midway down the central deck he pushed into the sickbay. It was still in perfect condition, supported by its own emergency generator and protective bulwarks. One corner of the deck was covered with paper towels where a burst pipe had puddled, but the damage seemed under control. The room was perhaps more messy than the doctor liked but it was a mess of goods and trash rather than debris. It was however, as he had expected, so overcrowded he could barely breathe and the air conditioning was giving up the ghost. 
Mirehead spotted him come in and worked to clear a space. He was dripping with sweat, blonde fringe plastered to his forehead, but his movements were still crisp and comfortingly certain.Some of the brasher civvies complained as they were pushed back in the queue, but the doctor ignored them with the ease of practise. “Stimulants?” he asked rhetorically, already loading the syringe. “Duffy’s already taken a load up to the bridge.”
“I missed it. Sorry.”
“No problem. You don’t have any new symptoms I should know about?” Barely waiting for the negative head shake the doctor pushed the fluid efficiently into Greg’s vein. “You’re done. Stay off the coffee, grab something to eat before you start bouncing off the ceiling and in about ten minutes you’ll really need to piss.”
“I know the drill, doctor. It’s been factored in to the timetable.” 
Lt Dregor stepped in very nervously and took his shot silently, staying as close to the door and as far away from the people as possible. No sooner was the needle out than he bolted. Greg followed more decorously to the crew mess next door, reflecting that something would have to be done about the technician’s misogyny at some point in the not too distant future.
Unsurprisingly it was re-constituted soya stew for supper, looking like inedible brown porridge in a cheap plastic bowl, but he thanked the cook politely. Rations weren’t his fault. He joined Dregor at the far corner of a bench. “You know what I want.” he began. The lieutenant was incredibly unenthusiastic. “It’s alien, but it can’t be that bad.” 
“Have you ever tried to interface two completely unrelated software systems on the fly with the junk I get here and god knows what on the other side?” Dregor asked acidly.
“You can crack Tren security systems in ten minutes.”
Dregor gave him the look all techies gave him when he’d blundered over something blatantly obvious. “That’s the same technology, commander. We’ve been at war less than a decade - that’s not enough time to completely rewire the infrastructure. The guys who programmed Eleisus wrote the package for the Tren too, give or take a few more recent upgrades and firewalls. This? This is alien. Completely foreign. Probably not in the same alphabet, maybe not in binary, definitely not in the same language, never mind platform. Do you think I’m a miracle worker?”
“I think you’re the best we have.”
“I’m the only one you have.” He rubbed his eyes wearily. “Fine. I will look. It seems to have a live computer core, which is a start, and I might be able to get read access. Might. But I can guarantee you now there’ll be no making sense of it. And since it is active some of the other systems are probably running to some degree or another as well. Booby trap territory.”
“Great. Well, at least we’ll know. I have to give Seless her marching orders. Call me if you get anywhere.” He had to stop off on the way to let the diuretic have its way and made it to the airlock just as Seless was finishing her prep work.
She left the team to work themselves up and met him at the door. “I read the sensor reports, but they’re not up to scratch sir. There’s seriously no one aboard a gem like this?” she asked nervously. She tied the last strap on the armour and stamped her mag-boots to check they worked. Everyone had a full kit, though if the ship really was plastic then the mag-boots would be only heavy encumbrances. They all felt better for sticking to regulations. Thinking too hard about the situation broke a soldier. Besides, they looked tough and competent with their helmets, visors and armoured jackets. Six well-trained soldiers in perfect shape, putting most of the crew to shame in fact. The rifles were fully loaded and Seless had also equipped her team with long knives and a pair of pistols each, but they weren't carrying the supplies and tech equipment standard for a scout mission. Speed would be too important for that kind of burden. It was Seless’ favourite excuse. She always tried to leave the science out of it, and this time Greg allowed it because the sensors were vacillating so much none of the kit could be trusted anyway.
 “Not that we can tell.” Greg agreed. “Dregor is working on uploading what’s left of their computer records. The system isn’t compatible with ours and that’ll probably go for the hardware as well as the soft. As far as we can tell it’s not terminal based so you probably don’t have to worry about hitting the wrong button, but until he cracks it we only have the sensors to go on and half of them are making it up as they go. Check out the immediate area. If it looks good, come back. If it’s possible, Ashley has teams suiting up for repair works. They’ll need a perimeter patrol, but only as far as our landing lights. We don’t need to scour every inch of deck.” 
“Good thing.” Seless snorted. In the ship-light her adaptive visor was only pale gold so he could see her eyes when she winked at him. “Much as I’d enjoy it, if it can fit us in the hold it would take all bloody year to do a full sweep. This thing must be huge.”
Greg grinned back and nodded. Her team caught the mood and a couple of chuckles broke the tension in the crowded airlock. “Not quite as big as a station, but it’s definitely bigger than anything I’ve ever seen on the move. It would house a couple of thousand people in addition to us. This hangar might be as big as a troop-carrier port Gate, and that's not half of the ship volume. The one the Dresus brought back had to be parked in orbit because even Celendra didn't have a Gate big enough for it. I heard it was a nightmare for the techs to study it." He shrugged. "More of it to hide in from our point of view.”
“More of it to hit from theirs.” Seless noted more pessimistically. “Move out!”
 Greg stepped back, out of the airlock, shut it firmly and strode towards the bridge. Lt Seless knew what she was doing, and so did the rest of the team. He approved of her selection. They were all veterans and it wasn’t likely they’d meet any trouble. Still, he was glad he wasn’t expected to go along. He was barely awake enough to do his job never mind go on a scout mission, but then everyone was tired. Seless had been on duty for a full day as well and she still seemed alert. She avoided Mirehead and drank lots of caffeine instead. It was non-regulation, but it seemed to work. 
 “Is everything alright commander?” Printer asked in a disinterested tone, dropping into step beside him. He had somehow managed to clean his deep blue uniform and shine his boots. He was also carrying himself very erect to emphasise his epaulettes and the new red sash marking his status as the ranking civilian on board. Greg felt sweaty and unkempt in comparison.
Greg scowled. “We’re dispatching a crew to confirm the ship sensors. Routine.” he explained. He didn’t bother repeating what the sensors thought. Printer undoubtedly already knew. Like he had known the census and damage reports without needing to be told. Helping the commissariat could be good for your career, so Greg didn’t have a hope of drying up Printer’s informant network. He’d only been aboard a matter of hours and already had better contacts than the commander.
“Are you expecting trouble?”
 “It’s best to be careful.”
“Especially where the live-ships are concerned.”
 “The what?” Greg stopped. Printer did the same a bare pace ahead and turned back to gaze at him, a flicker of amusement in his guarded eyes. The commander took a deep breath. “What do you know about this ship?”
 “This one? Nothing. Its kind in general? Well,” the commissariat shrugged, “there are surprisingly many in the area and several intensive studies have been done, and classified naturally. Very highly classified, as it happens.”
“But you have access?" Printer didn't deign to state the obvious. He simply waited for Greg to take the bait. Greg hesitated. The last thing he wanted was to become beholden to Printer, certainly not so embarrassingly quickly. On the other hand, he doubted there was any way to get what sounded like important information without owing a favour in return. “What do you want?”
Printer laughed, then stifled it apologetically. “I’m sorry. It’s been a while since I dealt so directly with anyone. You’re very abrupt.”
“I’m not very political.”
“Yes.” Printer agreed in a thoughtful tone which said “maybe, maybe not”. A tone Greg had heard from many superiors over his career, usually just before they started talking about the ability to inspire loyalty or the knack of observing character and other things which weren’t strictly political, but helped. So he wasn’t surprised when Printer said “Perhaps we could agree this as a gesture of goodwill.”
Because I might be a better ally without the strong-arm tactics. “It seems to be in everyone’s best interests.” Greg ordered his thoughts quickly. “You said this ship is alive?” 
“Oh no.” Printer stretched his mouth in what would have been a smile on a less self-serving and pre-meditated person. “Not anymore. Whether it ever was is a subject of great debate, but the popular names always come from the romantic side of the argument so we call them live-ships. Several of the components are definitely organic, and so must have been bred, but they were probably grown separately in laboratories and grafted together, never forming a living entity as such. Like a cyborg in reverse, you might say. All known specimens are dead now, at any rate. They can't be repaired, you understand, since dead tissue has a tendency to remain that way indefinitely." He shook his head. "It was a very disappointing study. There was a lot of fervour in the bureau when it was commissioned, but the discoveries, while scientifically valid I am sure, were of little practical use. I only read the general findings, the full report was much more detailed but until today I had little interest in alien life. The human variety is quite challenging enough.”
“Do you know who built it?”
“No. None have yet been found with as much as a corpse for crew. Presumably they haven’t come far, though. They would be spread over a much wider area if they had drifted a vast distance. Even if you consider they may be from the nearest unexplored system they would have to exist in the millions to justify as dense a random spread as they seem to have, and then they would need more than one planet to support their bulk. Personally I find it unlikely that they are truly extinct. They aren’t old enough for an extinction of that scale to be anything but a catastrophic collapse.”
 Greg’s face tightened nervously. “Thank you for the help.”
 “You are welcome, Commander.” Printer replied, turning to leave. “It was a wrench breaking classification regulations, but I doubt anyone in any kind of authority will care much at the moment and my life is at stake here as well, after all. If you need any more help, I will be with my charges.” 
“Of course.” Greg agreed. He suspected Printer already had other survival plans in place, though. Something as simple as gunfire must seem a trivial threat to him. For a start, as the ranking civilian, he was well placed to advance his career. Greg suspected that before the day was out the commissariat would be the undisputed delegate of the non-enlisted personnel.
When he was certain Printer was gone he ducked into an alcove and radioed Seless. “Sounds fantastic.” She responded dryly. “If it’s any comfort, sir, it doesn’t look like anything’s innards out here. Just a massive room with an old, smelly atmosphere. We’ve gone right round the ship and nothing to report. I’m going to head for the nearest wall – check out if there are any entrances to the bulk of the wreck. Ashley should be fine to come on out and patch the hull though. It’s all clear on the area within the ship lights.”
“Great. I’ll send them out. They’ll need you to keep watch for them so don’t get too carried away.”
“No sir. I’ll stay in shouting distance. More or less. If you get the chance you should pop your head out yourself. The deck is fascinating stuff.”
“I don’t think we’ll be able to steal it.” Greg reminded her. “Eleisus is definitely a machine.”
“Spoilsport. Anyway, I only meant maybe it pays to remember us and the Tren aren’t the only people out here. I’ll check back in fifteen.”
“Roger.” He switched channels and passed the message to Ashley. She sounded like she was already in the airlock waiting for his clearance. So that was repairs underway and area secure. Time to check back with the captain for a new mission. 
He strode past the tiny cubicle that made up Lt Dregor's office, changed his mind and went back to it. The hatch was open like all the others by general order, to help airflow while the conditioning systems were off-line, and the brightness inside made it look like a warm haven from the dilapidated corridor. The hatch had once borne the proud name plate Supplies Office, but this had been spray-painted out when the war began and replaced in large red letters with Hacker's Hole. That had been Jesse Shane's sense of humour. He hoped she still had it on The Valese because her replacement certainly didn't.
Dregor tapped a rhythm on his primary console’s keyboard. File after file of alien script scrolled past on three small screens. Greg wasn’t even sure which way round it was written, never mind how to interpret it. The lieutenant would not be surprised but he had said he’d try, so here he was, dutifully having a go.
“Anything?” Greg asked softly. He didn’t try to squeeze in. Both Jesse and Dregor were on the short side and fortunately free of claustrophobia. The Hole had once been as spacious as any single crewman office had a right to be, but years of technical advances and new gadgets had cluttered it until the free space inside the refurbished cupboard was smaller than a fighter cockpit. Dregor’s small, wiry frame wasn’t a problem but Greg always felt out of place and frightened to turn round in case he damaged something. 
 “Not a sausage.” Dregor admitted cheerfully. “What’d Martha say?”
“She's in her element." Seless didn't get many opportunities to do her favoured recon missions in the depths of space so she was probably having as much fun out there as Dregor was cooped up with his stiflingly hot machines. "We’re in a large hangar. The wreck still has basic internal power, gravity and heat as well as the computer feed you've picked up, and a stale but breathable atmosphere.”
 “You don’t sound happy.”
“We came in through the open door, Dregor.” Greg pointed out acidic. “By all rights it should be a vacuum out there. Either the doors have shut behind us and the place re-filled, or there’s something we can’t sense between us and space. I’d appreciate it if you could find out which.” Dregor instinctively shook his head in the negative, but saw Greg’s expression and converted to a falsely idiotic smile and a nod for ‘yes sir, whatever you say’. Greg stifled a laugh and gestured that he accepted the difficulties. “You don’t have to tell me again. Anyway, as far as Ashley is concerned it’s fantastic. The hull rift won’t pull itself further apart and can be more easily fixed and we can conserve power by dropping the heating and life support down a notch. It’ll shield us from the Tren’s sensors better too.”
Dregor gruntedagreement. “As long as you’re not thinking I’ll be getting the hatch open for you.”
“That bad?”
“Like I said, I’ve got nowhere to even start. Not even a common alphabet. It's an analogue system, would you believe? Can't be carrying more than a tenth of the info we can in an equal space, but then it does seem to have a lot of memory. If their hardware is equally backward the computer must be the size of a house.” He shook his head in admiration. “It would be something to see. I mean, the cooling system alone would need to be phenomenal.” He paused in reverie, gazing into space. Shaking himself out of it he returned to the point. “It’s going to take time. How fast is company coming?”
“We don’t know. The bridge is working on sifting out the interference from this thing's hull, hopefully without giving us away. If they followed us from exit they would have got here an hour ago, but if they stick to form the battle fleet will be moving on to Hyratia and flying right over us sometime in the next twenty four hours. If the hull shields us, and we are very lucky, they’ll pass us by.” He couldn’t suppress a shiver. “We'll be behind their lines then.”
“Creepy.” Dregor said absently. He was staring at the left hand screen avidly.
“Dregor?”
“Yes sir?” The technician began thumbing rapid queries into his panels. The computer responded fast and he swore. “There’s a glitch in the system.”
“Which system?”
 “All of them. It just got in. The wreck must have a virus.” He paused, then shook his head. “Can’t be. I haven’t translated anywhere near enough of the code to be burned yet.”
“Is it bad?”
“It doesn’t look it. Minor errors, the kind you get with all system interfaces, but… I’ll clear it up in ten to fifteen minutes. Took me by surprise, that’s all.”
 “But?”
Dregor blanched. “First I saw, I thought it was a Tren cover virus. The kind they send in to cause chaos while they send reports to their fleet. Spy stuff.”
“You've changed your mind?”
“Well." He closed his eyes to better think it over. "We are interfacing with an alien system, sir. There doesn’t have to be an internal problem, but it's awfully close to a hostile program action if it's random.” He shook his head. "I would put money on a mole."
 Greg swore. 514 unwelcome guests and there was no security clearance for any of them. Except for the enlisted and the Commissariat group everyone had come in with minimal papers and a rudimentary bug search. “I’m calling Seless back. We don’t need to take any risks out there. Does the captain know?”
Dregor cocked his head listening to the chatter on his headset earpiece. “Aye sir. Command just went out for Hazel to haul his ass out of its bunk. Poor sod.” He yawned in an ostentatious lack of sympathy. “Oh, and Turner and Caisley are to report to the bridge.” He frowned. “Who the hell is Lt Caisley?”
“Not a clue.” Greg shrugged before his brain flagged it up. “That’s a lie. It’s our new marine commander. Not met her yet. Pass them your findings and let me and the bridge know immediately if it happens again.”
“Sure thing sir.”

Chapter 7

There was a brief pause in the ordered chaos and Arman relaxed gratefully into his chair and closed his eyes. It might be a mistake, but he trusted the stims to get the lids open again in a minute. For now he needed the darkness to organise his mind. The list of problems was growing ever longer. Each time Trimp reported it seemed the damage was more extensive and progress slower than she’d promised. Or else he was taking advantage of the fifteen minute interval to talk his hope back up. But then, was speed really that important?
He took a deep breath of the stale, cool air they were siphoning from the derelict. It carried a smell like no ship he’d ever breathed on, reminding him of the mouldering of late autumn forests. An odd connection, considering the wreck held almost all of his options. He searched for a less morbid metaphor, but none came to mind.
“Sir?” Crewman Dallas. Young and still a bit green, but he showed promise and was performing well under pressure. He’d make a good bridge officer in a few years. Right now he was manning Hazel’s station while the cocky smart arse took his well earned rest. “Lt Trimp is reporting in.”
“Let me hear it.” Arman levered his eyes open and sat straighter. His chair responded by tilting and plumping its cushions for better support. It was the best perk of command, the chair, he thought. Made the long shifts bearable.
“Captain.” Ashley’s voice was clear above the background static, a sign that she’d removed her helmet. Against regulations, but it probably allowed her freedom to work. “We have started the armour patching now. Welding is going well, certainly the atmosphere helps. I expect to have deck five air-tight within the hour, decks four and three by the end of the shift.”
“Don’t rush the job, lieutenant. We don’t want it to tear again anytime soon.”
“With all the time God could send I can’t make her battle ready, sir. The spare plate just isn’t thick enough and we don’t have the parts to reinforce it.” She paused and then asked cautiously “How much time do I have?”
“Between twenty-four hours and three days.” Trimp was an engineer and she probably didn’t understand the significance of the time frame but he saw several approving nods from his bridge staff. The Tren had to keep up their momentum. They had to keep driving the Alliance fleet, stop it from regrouping, resupplying, or reaching safe harbour. To do that they had to move on. Within hours, a day at the most, their main fleet would leave Sheraton for the next target, leaving only enough behind to consolidate their hold. Until then moving was too damn risky in their crippled state. Running a sniff ahead of the invaders was not Arman’s idea of fun. So they would wait, but not for too long. Not long enough for the permanent occupation force to arrive and pen them in again. 
Arman smiled grimly. For those precious two days of opportunity, they could be loose and unfettered behind enemy lines. He could get up to all kinds of mischief. As long as he didn’t try to re-cross the front line and get home. And as long as Ashley could get his ship out of this system in that slender window.
“Aye sir.” the engineer had replied. “One to three days. We’ll be air-tight, and the engines will run. They won’t get far without more fuel, though.”
“That’s my problem, lieutenant. You work on yours.” There would be plenty of supplies on Sheraton’s moons, easily stolen back from token Tren guard posts. A bonus chance to drop off their weight of passengers as well. Hard luck for them, but they’d be far worse off where Eleisus was going. 
He stood up and edged round to check the strategy table. Hawthorne had switched it to a system wide scanning mode, too condensed to spot individual vessels unless they were actively transmitting. The only markers were themselves, drifting near the systems edge, and the Tren crowded round the habitable planet. If any Alliance were still around they too were hiding. Part of the enemy fleet seemed to be preparing to move off, but it was hard to be sure.
“Sir! Dregor reports there’s a computer virus in the core systems.” Dallas was reading off the screen because the programmer was the kind of genius who typed his reports. Heaven forbid he had to talk to someone. “He wants to know… Oh shit.” He broke off abruptly and began hitting keys furiously. “We are sending something ship to ship.”
“Cut if off.” Arman snapped, striding the short distance to the comm station urgently.
“Aye sir. Deactivating all inter-ship comm functions.” Dallas’ screen flickered uncertainly and Arman’s heart followed suit, but it confirmed the transmission had been stopped. Dallas typed another query and blew his breath out in relief. “Dregor was already diverting power from comms to life support sir. The signal wasn’t powerful enough to get through the derelict’s hull.”
“What did it say?”
Dallas shook his head. “Random digital sir. It could have been a code, but it could just as easily have been virus generated. Lt Dregor says he’ll have the virus out in fifteen.”
“Tell him I’ll hold him to that. Peterson – get Lt Hazel back out of bed. You’d better run past sickbay for some stims for him while you’re at it.” The crewman saluted and left at an admirable gallop. “Dallas, get Lt Turner up here, and that army officer. I’ll meet them in my office.”
Arman’s office was currently doubling as his bedroom. Eleisus had not been designed that way, but the original captain’s stateroom was now a female officer’s mess on the whim of a previous, presumably chauvinist, captain. On the last tour Arman had used a smaller stateroom, but he’d surrendered that to Samson and Seless when they started carrying marines and ran out of quarters. Officially the captain now shared a bunk with Hawthorne. Actually he was sleeping on his couch. The result was that he now had to hurry back to his office to check his smalls were tidied away before he could conduct business.
Bulldog was prompt. He was also armed and had a deadened look on his face which said he already knew the mission. It wasn’t often the gunner was in the captain’s office, and when he was it was always someone else in need of discipline.
Lt Caisley took minutes longer to arrive. Either she had no ship legs or she’d got lost. His first impression was that she was also a blunt instrument of an officer, tough and well muscled. He didn’t like the way she’d kept her visor down or the reluctance with which she saluted. Didn’t like taking orders from the navy. One of these days the forces would have to sort out the bad blood between them, but today he’d just have to work around it.
He nodded to Turner to close the door. There was no time to waste with niceties or checking for eavesdroppers. “We have a saboteur on board.”
Bulldog simply nodded. Caisley’s lips tightened and her shoulders set determinedly. Promising. “It will be one of the civilians. Any of the crew would have betrayed us before we got off the planet. I want you two to turn every last passenger inside out until you find and contain him, her, or them. I do not care about their “rights” or their rank, or any other objections legal or otherwise. They will co-operate or they will be arrested on suspicion of treason. Am I clear?”
“Yes sir.” Turner saluted sharply. “Do we have any identification on him at all sir?”
“Not yet.”
“Young to middle aged man, desk job, well paid, unassuming physicality.” Lt Caisley recited. “Most recruits are family men, may have been political in early life but will now feign apathy. Trained operatives travel alone, usually arriving one to two months before the mission to establish cover. If Eleisus is the target and he isn’t just war flotsam. He could have been assigned here at random by the port control.”
Arman shook his head. “If I wasn’t his mission he would still be lying low. He’ll be my third assassin. You seem to have experience as well.”
Caisley shook her head. “Anti-espionage was mandatory training for my last assignment, sir.” Government protection. She must be good. “No personal experience. It would be dangerous for a mole in the port control to interfere in the refugee postings. Not the normal Tren tactics – risking discovery like that. You must be popular with the enemy, sir.”
“Three Hands of Essen and a Star of Myo.” Turner told her proudly. None of the medals were on show, but Bulldog had memorised the honours of everyone on board. Arman kept his Hands in a bank’s lock room, safe and ready to be family heirlooms. His mother had the Star on her dresser cabinet. It was a civilian honour, the highest, but he’d been fifteen and he was a little embarrassed now of how proud he’d been at the time.
“That would explain it.” Caisley said evenly.
A knock on the door was quickly followed by a flustered Dallas. “Sir, we have trouble on deck five.”

*

Printer tried to feel like he wasn’t hiding from the hundreds of desperate eyes. The close walls of his office disabused him. He felt as though he should be out among the people, offering what help he could, but the truth was that the action was Arman’s to take and there was no gain to be had from admitting that in public. Additionally he was no longer young and this chair, though old and basic, still offered some respite.
The tiny room was not quiet, however. Weariness was no excuse for being out of touch and the comm. chatter was intriguing. 
The crew had several lines of action ongoing. The aristocratic engineer was trying to be optimistic about the desperate state of her ship, while another female officer patrolled and regularly confirmed that the live-ship was deserted. The doctor was working his way around the refugees, continually grumbling as he did so. The bridge was keeping track of the Tren armada, who were doing the predictable victory parades, and someone (probably Hawthorne, otherwise absent from the chatter for now) had started plotting an evasion course on the strategy system. All routine.
There was a Tren on board. Now that was not routine. It was claimed there was a spy in every organisation, but this was propaganda designed to foster paranoia and hyper-vigilance. Tren penetration existed of course, but it was not as common as the people were told. He doubted there were more than two dozen in cells across the whole system. Deep cover operatives were expensive assets, not to be risked in open battle. And yet indubitably one was on board. Why? Why not wait on Sheraton for re-assignment? It could be one of their own, a double-agent betraying a lost cause to advance his own cover. He considered, then shook his head. Eleisus was, slightly, too big a prize for such a gambit. Yet not so large as to be worth a genuine Tren agent.
Arman had pedigree, true. When he had had a successful track record then yes, perhaps. But there was no reason to target him now – bowed down and on the run with everyone else.
I had best return to my charges, he decided. It would be arrogant to assume that they were the target, too pleasing to his own status. Yet also plausible. There was no way to be sure how much the Tren echelons knew of his program, but anything they heard was bound to unsettle them – on a strategic but also a theological level. They had classed their own engineered soldiers as “demons”, after all. Even the small successes his team had managed, coupled as they were with severe side effects... Might even that be sufficient to be attended to, given the certain over-reaction of the enemy fanatics?
Decision made he moved quickly. He logged off all the equipment and activated the higher level securities, effectively classifying the computer. That done, he exited and repeated the procedure on the cabin door to prevent any access but his own. An operative would be able to circumvent his precautions of course, but it would take time and there was always the possibility of an error being made.
The corridors were quieter now, at least here. He had noticed some circumspect migration closer to the escape pods and away from the engines and guns. Only good sense, in his opinion, and a large part of him wished he could join them.
He climbed awkwardly to deck five, his boots, so good for quiet indoor work, slipping terribly on the narrow rungs. He almost tripped stepping off onto the deck and had to restrain himself from glancing round apologetically. When he did look it was in a controlled manner.
The corridor was empty.
He looked again, checking both directions even though to his left was little more than two yards and a dead end where a pressure door had closed.
Kell had deserted his post. He should have been here to challenge anyone approaching the cells. Printer carefully drew his tracker control from its belt sheath. It was still reporting seventeen convicts, all of them where they should be. He replaced it, but this time he locked the sheath securely. 
His boots became useful as he eased slowly towards the corner. They were designed for passing unobtrusively down echoey corridors, though in the circumstances he might have preferred a weapon. You can’t shoot straight, he reminded himself firmly, so a gun would do you no good.
There were noises beyond. Someone tapping at a portable console, perhaps. A faint buzz as of exposed circuits. The smell of burned plastics. The smell of blood...
The sight of blood, puddling on the deck where his improved angles were bringing it into view as he crept onwards. He paused, closing his eyes briefly as his courage faltered. He took a deep, though silent, breath. Then he stepped forward.
He had prepared several responses, from flight to attack, depending on how many of his guard were down, but the first things he saw were Kell’s vacant eyes and he froze. The Tren’s reactions were faster. He glanced up from where he crouched between an access panel and Kell’s corpse, and instantly ripped out the circuit board he was working on, and bolted.
A screeching siren went off. Mathars and Riley, sprinting back from the far corridor to investigate, collided with the agent and were quickly outmatched. The Tren ducked under one arm and batted away the other with the ease of much training and constant practise. He disappeared down the ladder well before they could turn.
Printer finally found his voice. “Leave him. He can’t actually get away.” Not now I know what he looks like. “We have other problems.”
The siren was from the tracker control system.
There was an uneasy silence behind the cell doors, and he imagined what might be transpiring in sign language and knowing looks. They probably weren’t aware of how dire the ship’s position was, but they had to realise they were trapped on board even if they escaped the cells. There was nothing to gain. Then there was the risk that the trackers would be restored, which would result in severe and painful retribution for the disobedient. It did not make sense to rebel. But then several at least enjoyed a fracas for its own sake, and they did have a grievance to air.
Jed Bailey’s was the first voice to be raised. Not surprising. A violent criminal with a sadistic, rebellious nature. Unfortunately also one of those responding best to the treatment, with his reflexes and strength increasing daily and only mild rheumatism to pay for it. Of course he was still an uneducated gutter thug with no combat training or weaponry, and he himself did not know how much stronger he had grown, so he merely bellowed abuse and dared them to come in and stop him. An offer Printer declined.
As cell after cell took up the call he hurried to the panel the Tren had destroyed. As he had suspected, it contained the security relays and they were too badly damaged for his scant knowledge of electronics to fix. To the side the saboteur had dropped a portable medical scanner, though there was no evidence of how he had intended to quiet his subjects. Possibly the agent had a tranquiliser gun in his possession. He certainly had a switch blade knife or similar contraption, judging from the clean lines across Kell’s jugular.
Ignoring the corpse for now and avoiding the blood as best he could, Printer knelt at the panel. He was no engineer, but it was clear that if the tracker relay was down then the locking mechanism probably was as well. This was not a high security area and there were no redundant fail-safes. It was fortunate none of the prisoners had thought to test it yet.
He signalled to Mathars and Riley. They paled but drew their side arms and moved to cover as much of the corridor as possible. Printer set himself to the near hopeless task of repairing the controls.
“What’s that noise for?” A woman’s voice. He didn’t have the chance to see who or what she was because her words were trigger enough. Hooting men pounded at their doors to spook her, and they simply slid open.
Three men unbalanced and fell into their semi-freedom. Their cellmates tookstartled pause, which was long enough for the female stranger to beat a hasty and wise retreat and for Mathars to stun one. Riley’s shot went wide and so two staggered to their knees before being bowled back over in their comrades’ rush. Printer drew Kell’s shotgun. He fired blind into the melee, since his aim was so poor anyway, but it was enough to keep anyone from charging his way. Mathars went down under a press of four. Riley had his back against a bulwark and held his own, laying several out with the butt of his gun while it recharged. Most had chased the woman back towards a refugee post. A final grouping was trying to get Hartley’s cell open, despite it being firmly wedged shut from the inside in an uncharacteristic display of good sense.
Jed Bailey finally managed to drag Riley away from the wall and surrounded he was in trouble. The group around Mathars divided, some coming to help but two turning to run.
Turning straight into Lt Caisley’s gun sights in fact.”Hold!” she yelled, and since her gun was a real bullet job, and she was backed up by four armed privates, hold everyone did.
“Cells.” She commanded.
Bailey checked the numbers and decided to be brave. “Who are you to..” She shot him. From his position behind and low to the deck, Printer couldn’t see the wound but he made a mental note to arrange an autopsy. The subject shouldn’t have gone down that quickly to anything but a direct heart shot.
“Cells.” She repeated. This time she was obeyed, if sulkily. They allowed themselves to be packed tightly into two rooms, each with two armed guards. Caisley paused to check the vitals of the downed. Mathars and Bailey she left, but two other prisoners were flipped into recovery and Riley benefitted from a hand up. 
Printer recovered his poise enough to pull himself to his feet and dust his jacket down. He acknowledged Caisley’s salute and assured her he was more shaken than harmed. “System glitch?” she prompted.
Printer grimaced. If only the navy would buy such a simple explanation of why this was their fault. “No. I saw a man tampering with the security panel, and raised an alarm. I’m afraid the rest was part of his escape plan.”
“A distraction.” Caisley nodded. “Captain Arman has requested” Not ordered, he noted, “that we search the civvies for traitors. He must have known we were on to him and tried to muddy the waters giving us someone else to chase.”
Printer blinked. That actually had potential. “A traitor? That does explain it. I must discuss this with our captain. Especially since he appears to have succeeded. I only counted five back in their cells, plus two wounded, one dead and one stayed out of it. Which means eight of them at large, unless you encountered any on your way here?” Caisley shook her head. “Eight. Well...”
“Nine, sir.” Riley called. He had levered Hartley’s door open after a minute of calling futilely for the boy to confirm he was okay. “Josh has pulled off the vent and gone out the air duct. Probably has a ten minute head start on the others.”
Not for long, Printer thought. The way the poor child let off pheromones he’d be blocked by suitors at every turn. Added to which, he’d caused such a rut among his fellow inmates they could probably smell him a mile off by now. They wouldn’t have come back for him, but they would certainly give chase if he was stupid enough to run. Which apparently he was. “Good. That should keep them in a pack where we can find them.”
 
*

Arman added his signature to another letter of condolence. It was a standard template of an insert-name, sign here type, but he didn’t have the time to personalise it. Some would say it was a waste of resources to manually sign them at all, even via an electronic pen, and he knew most of his peers had taken to letting the computer add their monogram. In this case he wasn’t even sure when he would have the opportunity to transmit them, but he owed it to his crew to at least try so they all had to be ready before the Tren arrived. There might be a communication window after their discovery and before their destruction. He might be deserting his bridge now, but he certainly couldn’t be signing letters during a battle.
“Captain?” Dallas’ tinny voice came from his desk comm., sounding appropriately sorry to disturb. “Lt Hazel requests your presence on the bridge. Cargo bay two has been taken. Two men are down. Ensign Waring reports stun gun fire and at least four attackers.”
“They were armed?” Arman rose and started shrugging back into his sweat stiffened jacket and dress boots.
“Our security had plasma shot rounds, so I’d say they are now even if they weren’t before.”
“Are they after the rations?” Bay two was nearest the mess, but in the hurry of lift off he wasn’t sure the food had been stowed in its normal racks. He gave his hair a quick comb.
“Not clear, sir. They’ve barricaded us out, but they’ve also shot the bay door controls. They might be trying to get themselves marooned, or get at some of the expensive engineering kit outside. They’ve caused a power surge in the area’s systems. Lt Hazel’s still trying to work out if the doors have opened or not.”
Arman swore. This was the last time he agreed to carry civilians. Didn’t know what was best for them. “I’m on my way.”
He saw Hawthorne coming up from aft and sped up for the petty satisfaction of entering the bridge ahead of his second. Hawthorne’s long legs could easily have matched him but the commander knew his rank too well and he was a cautious man, unwilling to risk his dignity. The fleet command loved him and his record was spotless. Never won big, but never lost big either. He’d been assigned to Arman in the hope his caution would rub off and they both knew it. Arman had spent the last year trying to drill home that in war it didn’t matter if you lost big or lost small, you still lost everything. He was sure Hawthorne still hadn’t grasped that basic truth.
“I’ve lost another station.” Hazel reported bleakly. He looked very nearly as tired as he had before his break. The stims obviously hadn’t kicked in yet. “Deck Three, port seven. It’s the mess. Trying to stop it there.” 
“Computers?” Arman asked quietly. He made his way to his chair with a calm stroll, shoulders back and face composed. Listen, watch, consider. Never show less than full control.
“I doubt it.” A smart, straight backed man stood just inside the bridge and made a better show of belonging there than Hawthorne did. Which wasn’t hard, he admitted, but still irritating. 
He settled into his chair, poised throne-like above the sunken pit of the bridge terminals. Only then did he dignify the intruder with a pointed response. “Who the hell are you?”
“Commissariat Jayleigh Printer, sir.” Hawthorne snapped quickly. The captain grimaced.
“I am indeed.” Printer agreed. He had the smooth, cultured voice of a politician and a series of the nervous ticks associated with pedantic people forced to rush. Reluctantly Arman concluded that in normal circumstances the man was probably efficient and competent. At the moment he looked out of his depth and ready to blame anyone but himself. “Would any of you care to explain the failure of the security systems?”
“The derelict’s systems disrupted ours temporarily.” Arman lied with a shrug. “They’re back up now.” Behind him Hazel indiscreetly bit his tongue hard.
“For two of my guards that is cold comfort. They are dead.”
“They’re what?” Arman sat up in surprise.
“Deceased, captain. You commandeered Lt Caisley and the bulk of my guard force moments before your security systems failed. We were guarding seventeen convicts and that was no minor inconvenience. The trackers are linked to the ship security, so the prisoners all know immediately when they have an opportunity. The lights stop blinking.” He rolled his eyes slightly. “I have raised the issue to the proper channels, but until a superior model of tracker is developed I must make do. So now Mathar and Kell are dead.” He paused thoughtfully. “So is Jed Bailey. He refused to return to his cell.” A gentle flex of his shoulders indicated the inevitability of the result.
Arman resisted the urge to break his arrogant nose. “Which leaves how many violent criminals loose on my ship, exactly?”
“Only four of them are violent, captain, but I am afraid there are nine at large. Apparently not all of them are still on your ship, per se. The probability is high that the fracas in your cargo bay is directly related and at least some are attempting to vacate. I have dispatched my remaining man, Riley, to the area but it will go more quickly if you would lend assistance. One of them is armed, or so we assume as Mathars’ weapon is missing.”
There was a bloody saboteur wrecking his ship and this was what he was expected to waste his time on. Brown nosing prison wardens who’d lost their charges. Turner and Caisley could not be spared for this regardless of the damage they could cause to the ship, crew or passengers. The Tren simply had to be the priority. On the other hand, Printer didn’t look the sort to go away easily, and he could do without being constantly pestered by the man. “Hawthorne, break out the guns and get those men back in cells. If they show a smidgeon of a hesitation, kill the useless oxygen sinks.”
“That might be a little extreme.” Printer noted.
“Not on my ship it isn’t.”
 The two men glared at each other across a suddenly quiet bridge. Hawthorne fidgeted slightly. He wanted to interrupt but wasn’t gutsy enough to cut the tension. Arman let it draw out, curious how long his second could stand it. Longer than he’d thought it turned out, but eventually the commander coughed. “Um, what do they look like? Or will their trackers identify them?”
“The trackers have been removed.”
“Oh. Great. Have you any idea where they are? Everyone on this boat is a stranger. They’ll blend right in as soon as they can get rid of the jumpsuits.”
“I’ll provide copies of their prison records.” Printer promised. “It includes finger print, retina scan, DNA markers, whatever you have the equipment to identify. As well as their portraits, height, build... The normal things.”
“Thanks.” Hawthorne sounded sour. “Do you have...”
“Sir,” Hazel interrupted sharply. “We have a power spike outside.”
 “What? Where?”
“Portside. Plasma gun fire, single round. No shielding.”
“Dallas, contact Seless.” The young crewman nodded, but Arman could tell from the look he gave that he was already trying and was getting no response. The captain swore. “Hazel, how many people are out there?”
 Hazel scanned quickly across his short range sensors. “On the hull – Ashley’s team is present and correct. Off the hull – we have nine.” he replied. “A group of three, one of five and a single heading into the derelict. Fast.” he added. “He must be running.”
 “If Seless and her team are still alive that’s still three more than we want. And not refugees if they’re desperate enough to want to be marooned here. Hawthorne, leave the other six to Printer. You take them…”
 The red alert sounded a violent klaxon. David Arman closed his eyes and offered up prayers to Gods he hadn’t believed in for years. His luck had definitely turned sour, but he’d be damned before he ended his career in the Sheraton Rout. “Hazel?”
 “One of the Tren fleet has altered course, sir. They’ve heard something, probably the plasma fire. They’ll be close enough to scan us, even through the armour and running silent, in thirty four minutes.”
 “Hawthorne, take as many men as you need and shut the bastards up.”
 “Aye sir.”

Chapter 8
 
Dr Mirehead was waiting nervously outside the airlock, passing his hand torch in wide sweeps of the black hangar floor just beyond the reach of Eleisus’ outer lights. He wore a non-uniform jumpsuit in a dashing dark blue very similar to Printer’s, but banded at the wrists and collar in a medic’s blood red. Greg guessed he'd been doing the rounds of the civvies. Some of them, especially ones with kids, took badly to doctors carrying the regulation weapons and armour. It was odd to see him out of slacks, there were so few occasions for the crew to dress down that Greg struggled to remember they could, but Mirehead had never suited his uniform anyway. Something about his fly-away blonde hair and slight paunch made him inherently unregimented.
 "You realise I have several rooms full of people to be tending, sir?”
"You have plenty of nurses to be handling it, doctor. Shots were fired out here."
"I'm not a paramedic."
Greg blinked at him in surprise. "You're a field trained military doctor and you specialise in trauma. Exactly which part of the definition of paramedic don't you fit?"
Mirehead ducked his head and muttered inaudibly. Greg caught something about a waste of resources, but the doctor was intelligent enough not to belabour that point. "Sorry." he recovered. "I just meant that I prefer to have the patients brought to me rather than vice versa. I can treat them much better in the sickbay where all my equipment is, and several of my nurses are just as well trained for search and rescue as I am. What happens if there’s an emergency and I’m not there?” He winced at the echo of his raised voice. “And this place is giving me the creeps." he admitted.
"Ah." Greg scanned the small patch of deck they could see and peered into the murky shadows beyond. "Yeah, it's not good." There was no sign that the cavern ever came to an end. Hazel had warned that they were parked somewhere near the centre of a dome a half mile in diameter, but the true scale hadn’t sunk in until he was forced to look at it. Or rather, feel it in the lightness and movement of the air and the echo of every sound. Beyond the short reach of Eleisus’ external flood-lights there was a world of darkness deeper than the starlight of space. Greg sensed the panic of his mild agoraphobia, common to many ship-bound personnel. Usually he treated it as an added excitement to land trips, but there was nothing but anxiety here to build on and he felt his shoulders begin to hunch under the pressure of so much empty space. Consciously ignoring the fear he waved his team forward and moved out after the small blip on his sensor screen that showed life.
"Seless?" He yelled when they passed out of the ship's lights and the hum of the engines. There was no reply so they pushed on another twenty paces and tried again, spreading out as they did so. It was hard not to look back, but he tried to get his eyes to adjust to the conditions. It was a fruitless attempt. It was too black and he managed to glean nothing but gradations of shadow which might have been his imagination. The torches of his men became blinding stars in the night, his own pointed before his feet to assure him that the deck really did continue. The men were getting too far apart. It would be minutes before they could regroup if the end of the line was attacked. He called out again.
The fourth time he heard a response. Crewman Crabb, he thought, though the yell was distorted by echoes. The crewman switched his torch back on, over to the left of Greg, and the rescue team hastened over. As they were recognised more torch beams flickered to life and a chorus of relieved voices greeted them.
Mirehead quickly outpaced the cautious military advance, and by the time Greg arrived he was already giving triage. Most of the team were unhurt, bruises and scrapes perhaps, the embarrassment of being overrun would last for longer. The nervous wait for rescue would haunt them longer still, he wagered, especially since they weren’t unscathed. Seless had been laid flat in the centre of the circle of her team, covered by a couple of spare jackets that couldn’t really be spared in the chilled hangar. Beyond the circle dark lumps told the rest of the tale.
Mirehead finished a cursory examination of Seless with a tight nod. “She’ll live.” he pronounced solemnly. As if in agreement Seless groaned and tossed her head. The doctor gave her a shot and she lapsed back into unconsciousness.
“These two won’t.” Greg reversed his rifle and used the butt to roll over one of the blackened corpses. He thought it was one of the men he’d seen beating Hartley only a few hours before. It was hard to be sure. Plasma burns hadn’t left much of a face to recognise. He would have died instantly, or before Hazel’s sensor sweep which was as close as made no odds. He wasn’t one of the three unknowns detected. He noted the convict number printed on every piece of clothing, but he hadn’t bothered to memorise the name’s that went with them. He paged it back to Hazel for Printer’s records.
Andy had been stabbed in the chest with Seless’ knife. The wound was gruesome enough that Greg’s stomach flipped over. He had died slowly, far enough away that his team could hear but not see him without revealing themselves. So they had left him there alone. Greg couldn’t spare anyone to deal with him either so they draped a jacket over his face and chest and marked the spot with a sensor beacon. They might be able to pick him up on the way back. If not then it was as good a grave as could be expected.
“No, they won’t be needing any help I can provide.” Mirehead was saying. “I wouldn’t like to move either Martha or Jordan just yet.”
“I’m honoured.” Jordan gasped. His face was pale and sweaty, but he was awake and sitting up. In past battles he’d have been called ‘walking wounded’. A broken leg would heal, and could be walked on if you were desperate enough. Greg was fairly sure the crewman didn’t realise how lucky he had been, but he knew it would come to him later. It had been an ugly little brawl, for only three attackers. The team should not have been so easily overcome, even taken by surprise and given Seless had been the first to fall. There would be words had if they all lived to tomorrow.
“All right, doctor. You and your patients stay here. I’ll call you if we need help further out.” Mirehead nodded as if this was the only sensible course of action, but Greg frowned, second guessing himself. “The ship’s too far to carry them, but try to make it past the hangar bulwark after us. If Arman has to leave in a hurry you’ll be vacuum if you're still in here.”
In the fragile safety of their collective torch beams he felt confident enough to look around. The hangar was huge. The bow of Eleisus lay on the deck a hundred yards behind him, and he knew her aft to be a full hundred yards beyond that. He still couldn’t see the walls. As a space port it was tiny, of course, but inside a ship? Even orbital stations didn’t have docks like this. The derelict must be nearly completely hollow. Somewhere above there was a ceiling, he could feel the oppressive height, but he couldn’t see it. Sensors said it was over twice as high as their poor six deck ship.
Surrounding Eleisus there was a dim glow, the external sensors giving off faint light. His helmet carried a beam torch, but it lit only ten paces in front of him. Apart from their own lights the world was a shadow. And somewhere in that darkness lurked a young, clever psychopath with a plasma gun. Unless Hartley and his convict “friends” were scared of the dark Greg would be a sitting duck. Of course, he couldn’t be sure it was Hartley. There were still five escapees on the ship, but that didn’t sit well. Ugly stupid psychopath just wasn’t bad enough to fit with the day’s run of luck.
He shuddered. “Waring,” he commanded, “stay here and keep the doctor and patients secure. The rest of you with me. Crabb, lead the way, since you’ve been here before.” The crewman nodded and set off in what looked to Greg like as good a direction as any. Greg and the five remaining fit scouts fell in behind and to each side of him as they worked their way across the hangar. They walked slowly, watchfully, the distances seeming greater than they were by the uneasy silence and the crawl of time. The men were twitchy, and Greg was barely better. The torch beams of their helmets were worse than useless, blinding them to the darkness beyond and painting targets for their prey, but no one suggested turning them off. No one glanced back either, trying to focus on the task despite their nerves.
The air was sweet and tainted with smells like a curry-house kitchen, but it was very cold. A soft breeze blew at their backs carrying the familiar sounds of Mirehead getting his group sorted and, further away, the hum of Eleisus’ repair crews and generators. Underneath the derelict’s own noises were muted. It creaked like an old timbered house unused to company. In the distance he thought he heard dripping water, but it might have been the cavernous appearance playing tricks on his mind. The deck was black and shimmered and it gave slightly beneath his feet like wet sand, leaving tracks behind. It wore a tapestry of fine, tight wrinkles like the back of a hand, giving it the flexibility of skin supported by unseen girders and muscle. He remembered Printer’s description of the live-ship and could almost feel a heart pumping the darkness through black, hidden veins. He shivered and wished Eleisus was not so far away.
“Sir.” Krause called, dipping his light to indicate which one of the identical flash beams he was. “Found another one.”
This one had been knifed. So hard the blade was lodged in his ribcage and he was, remarkably, still trying to breathe around it. The result was a terrible, bubbling wheeze taking so much effort he seemed oblivious to their presence. Greg took his own knife and slit the man’s throat. No one objected and no one would tell tales.
“We’re still close. Did you hear nothing?”
Crabb, Daniels and Krause looked at each other like abashed children. “Andy was quite loud, sir,” Crabb apologised, “but there might have been something.”
“Something like?”
“Like they’d caught someone else,” Krause admitted, “and taken to fighting each other over it. Not that it sounded exactly like that at the time, sir. We thought it might have been an argument, or a beating, or a celebration at our expense. But seeing him here, it now seems clear they’d quarrelled and one killed the other.”
“Ok, that’s the line we take, since there seems no sign of any “someone else”.” They looked relieved to be off the hook. They had thought one of the engineers had stumbled into it and been murdered. “Hazel.” He opened his comm. “Prisoner 1855 confirmed deceased. Infighting, seems like.”
“Confirmed. 1855 Timothy Owens, deceased. If you’re interested Leon stormed the cargo bay – we have two of them dead and one in custody from there. Two still at large, but they can’t come out after you anymore.”
“Good to know. Moving on.”
After a quarter hour of creeping forward, carefully keeping within sight of each other, they reached an exit of sorts. An oval corridor tall enough for Greg not to need to stoop led off into the depths. There was no door, no lock, no helpful signpost. It was just an opening in a curved wall, bordered by tall spines not unlike palm-trunks. For all he knew it could be a ventilation shaft, but there seemed little choice. A single set of footprints were slowly fading as the deck’s natural level reasserted itself. “Yours?” he asked Crabb.
“No sir. Seless didn’t think we really needed to check it out and so we didn’t, on account of single file being risky. We turned along the wall,” he gestured to the right, “but didn’t get far before the recall orders.”
“Well, it seems like she was only partly right. It is very risky, but now we need to check it out anyway. Have you any idea where the other one went?”
“The other one?” Crabb asked blankly. “There were only three attacked us, sir.If there’s a fourth I didn’t see him.” He grimaced and retracted hastily. “Not that I mistrust Hazel’s sensors, sir.”
“No, none of us should ever do that.” Greg bit his lower lip in thought. Had Hartley had time to cover his tracks? The prints looked too heavy and deep to have been caused by his skeletal frame. He realised abruptly that he was obsessing. The others could be just as dangerous as Hartley, and deserved more consideration than Greg had spared him. And all debate was moot if this was the only corridor they knew about. “Then we’ll have to assume that this is the guy with the gun. Move in.”
He took a protected position two from the rear of the file, leaving point to Crabb and rear-guard to Daniels, his best marksman. It felt cowardly and he could imagine Arman’s condescension, but it was the best tactical position for an officer. They were better qualified lookouts than he was anyway.
Away from the hangar he began to notice the staleness in the air that Hazel had advised of. It was old, heavy and carried the scent of sewerage under the spiciness. He could have traced his fingers down both walls simultaneously and, while he didn’t open himself to ridicule by actually doing so, the knowledge that he could was very comforting.It helped that their torches now revealed every hollow of the arched and spined passageway. The architecture did give the unsettling notion they were walking down the inside of a snake’s ribcage, but it was better than the horrors he had imagined in the hangar.
The corridor was made of a different substance than the hangar and after the entrance the deck was solid enough their boots left no marks. Since there were no branches Greg didn’t worry about this too much. He lifted his wrist comm. and reported his progress.
 “Roger.” Hazel’s voice crackled back. “Be careful. I have one life reading ahead of you and retreating, but the second’s dropped off the screen. Oh wait, I’ve lost the other one as well. There’s some sort of shielding on the deck below you. If you go down you’ll be on your own. I can’t even guarantee the comm. will pierce it.”
“Will the enemy still pick them up through the shield?”
Hazel paused but didn’t cut the comm. to check with an expert. Arman’s confidence in his crew paying dividends again as even if the bridge officer was uncertain a direct, fast answer was far better than a delayed, accurate one. “Hard to call.” he decided. “Their sensors will be in better shape and the shield may only be internal, but probably not, no. If they stay inside the shield. No way of knowing how far it stretches.” Greg got the impression the lieutenant was grinning as he denied his commander an excuse to come home. “If it’s big enough maybe we could all hide under it.”
“Not unless you can squeeze the ship in here.” Greg grunted, irritated at himself for being goaded. “I’m going in after them.”
“Sir!” Greg lowered his wrist and hurried forward. “We’ve found one.”
“Hazel said… Oh.” This man was also dead. Blood oozed slowly from nose, mouth and dozens of abrasions that Greg could see. Other than that it was a neat, clean kill, although Greg suspected there were bruises still growing under the surface of the dead flesh. “Hazel, you’d better redraw your shield borders. We have prisoner 5898 also deceased infighting.”
“Seriously? What are they feeding these guys? I mean, copy that prisoner 5898 John Kantor deceased infighting.”
Greg nodded to himself. The body fit what he recalled of the file. He surveyed the rest of the scene. Seless’ knife had been thrust hilt deep into the wall and thick yellow oil was drying around this cut like a scab. Greg pulled the handle experimentally but the blade was stuck. Probably done early in the confrontation, and why there were no cut wounds on the body. There was a deep red welt across the throat where the rifle butt had crushed his windpipe and suffocated him. He had been a strong man, nearing the end of his prime but full of muscle and heavy bones, and Greg could tell he had put up a fight. The walls around were dented where one or the other combatant had hit them, although they were gradually creeping back. A stained white plimsoll, small for a man and still laced, had been tossed aside and apparently left where it fell. The gun had been taken. 
That left only one prisoner unaccounted for, and he could take a guess from the size, but it was best to be certain so Greg picked the shoe up and read the prisoner number. “Hazel identify prisoner 7825.”
“7825, copy. Joshua Hartley.” Greg sighed, but half in admiration. That was one tough kid. He wished he could be sure he was that strong himself. His self doubts said he would have lost a similar fight to this.
They pushed the corpse to the side of the corridor and moved on through the darkness. Hartley must have taken another beating in the fight, but not a big enough cut to die from. He was leaving a trail of blood smeared into bare right footprints, but no splatter or droplets. His stride varied in length and he was wobbling as though his ankle was sprained. Every now and then he left a red handprint on the walls, or the floor as he slipped. The deck was absorbing the fluid, hiding the evidence. It occurred to Greg that the ship was drinking it and he shuddered. It was bad enough when the extremes of war forced crews to cannibalism, but to be killed and eaten by an alien was infinitely worse than letting his remains help his friends. 
Then he remembered that dead flesh shouldn’t eat at all.
Despite his injuries Hartley was making good time, spurred by a not unreasonable fear of capture, and the commander couldn't fool himself into thinking they were gaining on him. In fact the signs were that he was pulling away, but they couldn’t speed up without leaving themselves vulnerable to ambush. And they were getting ever farther from the Eleisus and safety. Greg started counting his steps as the most reliable way of judging distance and reckoned they had moved a further two hundred yards before the way dead-ended just past an open doorway on the right.
“I think we took a wrong turn.” Crabb noted sourly. 
Greg cursed. There seemed no point to the short cul-de-sac they were now in. Why not stop the corridor where the door was if it was just vacant space beyond? But there was no turn, no hatch, no entry panels or handles to show there was anything here. And there had been no branches in the corridor till now. “He must have turned in back there.” 
They backtracked and peered in, blinking rapidly. It was an empty egg-shaped room around twenty feet across and taller than it was wide. In the centre the deck curved up to form a pedestal table out of sinewy cords, and these same cords ridged the floor as they crossed it and passed out into the walls. From the top of the table a pale golden glow illuminated the ochre ceiling and covered the dips of the floor in romantic shadows. He wondered if the light came from the same power source as Dregor’s residual computer feed, and what that might be. But that wasn’t his main concern. There was no other obvious exit. And no Hartley. Not even a blood trail anymore.
 Greg swore. He was running out of time. “So what’s all this stuff?” he asked, giving a futile wave to the room’s many lit wall sections. Some flickered in tandem, others were blank while two were promisingly decorated with mobile alien script which could be computer programming. If they’d been able to read it, it might have been a turning point in their luck.
“Beat’s me.” Daniels wandered up to the central table and peered curiously into the shallow bowl of its top, making a skeleton of his face in the uplight. “And it's a bit late for Dregor to take a look.”
“Oh I don’t know. It’s not like he’s doing anything important back there.”
“Sir, I…”
“Don’t argue, crewman. Just get an engineer of some kind down here. This looks like a bridge, or an engine room, or a sensor grid or something else we could put to good use. If we can get this thing working we might not have to rely on the enemy being stupid to get out of this with our heads. Take Elise and backtrack until you can get a clear signal. Someone has to check this out.”
“And you?”
“The blood trail came in here.” He pointed to a small red smear on the floor. It was fading, as the surface slowly ingested it. “So the little felon can’t be far. Somewhere there’s a way out of here.”

Chapter 9

“...says to send Dregor to check it out, sir.” Arman frowned. He didn’t like the idea of letting more of his few remaining crew disappear off into the darkness. But neither was he prepared to make Daniels a go between if Hawthorne remained out of comm. reach. There was something inelegant about countermanding an order by proxy.
“What is the Tren position?” Everyone knew this, of course. He asked only to give himself time to think.
Dallas picked up on the rhetorical nature of the request, somewhat surprisingly given his callowness. His reply was considered but high level. “We have no targets on intercept courses. The nearest marker is twenty eight minutes away and retreating, moving in on a very weak signal around Saiez. It might be The Shanta, an in-system merchant navy vessel, but we’re only 80% sure of the id code. They’re playing dead.”
More successfully than we have been, Arman noted. In fact they’re very unlucky we’re here or the Tren might not have come within range of them. But there they were, being punished for Eleisus’ carelessness. War could be a fickle thing.
“Good.” he said. “Hazel, tell Dregor to prep himself and go give Hawthorne a hand.” We won’t miss him much if we have to leave him behind anyway. He might even enjoy being marooned. Get some time to himself.
“Yes sir.” Hazel glanced round, flushed slightly and put his attention firmly back on his screen. Curious, Arman twisted in time to catch an answering blush on Samson’s cheeks. What had he interrupted by calling the lad back on duty early? Not his sleep apparently.
Samson recovered quickly. “Sir.” She saluted with her coffee mug and made her way to her station, setting it in semi-recliner so she could finish waking up in comfort. Anyone else he would have berated, but pilot was an all or nothing specialist job and right now she might as well have stayed in her bunk for all the help she could be.
“Still alive then.” she commented blithely, her very presence deflating some of the bridge’s tension. They had had four hours now of sitting waiting, watching Tren scuttle here and there across the screens in a purposefully erratic hunting pattern. Waiting punctuated with moments of panic, but everything seemed better when faced with someone who wasn’t exhausted. Better, not good.
“So far.” Arman forced himself to chuckle in another attempt to boost morale. In fact the last half hour had been rather quiet. The Shanta was doing them a huge favour drawing away attention, but on the other hand their mole must know his friends weren’t coming by now. Bulldog and Caisley had made little obvious progress on finding him but he was overdue to make his next move. Was that because they were hindering him somehow, or did he have something big up his sleeve?
“When was Trimp’s last report?”
“She’s due any minute, sir.”
“Good. When she calls in tell her to report to my office.” I need a more honest verdict than she’s giving over the comm.. And, frankly, I need a drink. “Samson, you have the bridge.” 

*

Matt Philips was a mess, although all things were relative. He was alive, which was more than could be said for Owen Schofield and Lee Hudson, both of whom had succumbed to multiple shot wounds. Philips had clung on, various scrapes worse off, until a glancing shot to the right leg had finally forced his surrender. There was no medical care available but he didn’t seem in imminent danger of death.
Printer surveyed the cargo bay thoughtfully. There were five bodies piled to one side (two of his and three crew) but the struggle had left far more of a mess than the butcher’s bill implied. There seemed hardly a rack which hadn’t been overturned and smashed contents were strewn everywhere. Apparently randomly. Nowhere was there any sign of strategy or forethought – even the barricade at the inner door was of haphazard construction. The damage to the outer lock was the result of a long scar of plasma fire implying that even that had been done accidentally as the fugitives tried to kill each other. A task they were far better at than he would have credited, although their sheer hostility was certainly a mark against the project in terms of practical applicability.
There were security cameras sweeping the bay. Almost certainly there would be footage on Eleisus’ server. He would have to classify that later. There were already too many rumours that his men fought like “berserkers”. The security team had shot to kill and kept their distance. The chances of any other subjects being captured alive were now slim. He would be left with only an eight strong study pool, and that far from the best of the crop. Not sufficient to investigate or resolve the anger management issues being presented.
“Commissariat?” Printer turned carefully among the debris. A thick-set, business like officer faced him. Full body armour and weaponry, dangerous expression. Was this Arman’s idea of a joke? Any fugitive would be long gone before this one even turned the corner – he exuded “police” in a wave before him.
“As you see.” He tried to keep the irritation out of his voice.
“Lt Ethan Turner.” No salute. “I’m told you can ID our Tren stowaway. Come with me.”
Printer felt his eyebrows rising and decided not to check them. Surely the man was intentionally spoiling for a fight. Turner – Chief Gunnery Officer. Probably assigned a search and destroy mission with license to roll over everyone in the way. He wouldn’t be trusted with anything not straight to the point. Caisley hadn’t mentioned there being a second team involved, though it was just as well since he had more or less re-assigned her to prison duty. It rankled to be addressed in such a way. Still, for the sake of a united appearance... “Do you have a line-up of suspects? I have better things to do than glance at every face on board.”
“It is an offence to obstruct...”
“Which is why I am merely suggesting efficiencies.”
Beneath his visor Turner’s lips twitched in a slight smile. “Sir. We took the liberty of rounding up everyone of the general description, but we need you to fine tune.”
“Excellent. I am more than willing.” Especially if it means I lay hold on him first. “Please, lead on.”

*

“It’s a lost cause, sir.” Ashley slumped onto Arman’s couch-cum-bunk and gratefully accepted a glass of something she shouldn’t be drinking on duty. He didn’t think he’d ever seen her more tired, and they’d been through some tough spots. Jumpsuit and skin were both patch works of grease and ash. She’d grazed her hand and Mirehead’s neat plastic bandage was the only clean thing about her.
“We’re not space worthy.” He prompted.
She shook her head. “The hull is patched well enough to pass at first glance, and it should hold in deep space as long as we don’t accelerate too sharply. Certainly it won’t handle a re-entry or take any kind of a hit. Two engines are dead weight, the third might fire but I can’t guarantee it. Weapons are only powered down – some are actually fried, but most simply take more power than we have.” She shrugged. “If it wasn’t for this hulk’s life support would be gone already. We’re bleeding off air and the ambient temperature is the only thing keeping us from freezing.”
“Hawthorne is falling in love. Thinks he’s found some kind of power supply we can charge batteries from.” He grunted sourly.
Ashley paused with the glass just touching her lips. She lowered it slowly. “How much power?”
“As much as the thing has, I suppose.” He frowned at her. “How much would it take to make a difference?”
“Depends what you mean by difference. Every little helps, but no amount of charge is going to fix the armour or the engines. Two full capacitors, though, and we’d have the guns to give them a bloody nose when they get here.”
“Timing?”
“Plug and play. As soon as we can get the capacitors on board.” She grinned a small, evil smile. “That’d surprise the bastards, eh?”
Not the morale booster he’d been hoping for, but a bloody last stand would still look good on the family record. “If they show up.” He muttered. “They’re dithering – keep getting distracted by juicier targets than us.”
“Good thing too. Would be a shame to leave this scotch undrunk.”
He laughed. “True enough. I just hate the waiting, and being on the back foot.”
“Maybe they won’t get round to us. They’re on a tight schedule.”
“They’ll come. They know we’re here and not going anywhere, that’s all. Even if they didn’t know, they have more than enough ships to sweep the whole system bow to stern. This thing isn’t going to hide us. I’ve been tracking them – they’ve peppered two of them full of holes already.”
“The one in the inner asteroid belt, near Saiez?” He nodded. “Damn. I had some good times on that one when I was a teen. Sat round warm braziers drunk as a skunk and telling bad ghost stories.” She sighed. “You’d think I’d miss Sheraton more.”
“We will, once it’s sunk in. Too big for the present.” He drained the last of the liquor. “Now, I’ll see what I can do about those batteries, shall I?”

 *

Printer checked another ID against the face before him. All of the suspects matched his description – male, middling height, age and weight, greying brown hair. He had only had moments to memorise the face and the image wasn’t bearing up well under the pressure of so many similar visages. He returned the sliver of plastic to its owner and gestured for the man to retake his seat.
“You can’t tell, can you.” Turner sounded bored rather than accusatory. 
“No.” Printer admitted. “If he’s here I can’t place him. This is everyone of that description?”
The lieutenant shook his head. “It’s a vague and kinda common fit. There are thirty two on the roster.”
“And the others are?”
“We’re working on it. Can’t exactly put out a comm. for them to hand themselves in. There’d be hell on.”
“Indeed.” Printer helped himself to coffee and a ginger biscuit from a tray he had ordered to keep peace among the nervous, wrongfully accused men who nevertheless could not be permitted to leave. “It’s been nearly three hours since the breakout. He should have made another move by now.”
“Maybe he has.” Turner suggested bleakly.
“A bit subtle if we haven’t noticed.” He closed his eyes to think, running both what he thought and what he wanted Turner to think from the beginning. “He gets himself” and myself and charges “assigned to Eleisus, presumably to assassinate her captain,” to acquire our research “but when he realises his fleet has crippled us he sets off a beacon. We conclude that his mission is aborted, or that the captain is more valuable alive,” which is certainly the case “and he is attempting to return to Tren controlled space. However, we counter the beacon. He tries to infiltrate the ship’s computer,” He tries to capture a subject for study, “also presumably a communication attempt. This fails” just about “and he goes to ground. So what is his next move.” Find an escape, or attack the brig again? “Where else are communication arrays held?” The brig is too well guarded now, but there are only two fugitives left alive. Hartley was presumably out of reach, but Ben Walton was a pilot, he would hide on board.
Turner had stopped paying attention. He was listening to something more concrete on his comm.. The unit was integral to his helmet so Printer couldn’t make anything out of the quiet and muffled voices except their panicked tone. “Copy bridge.” the lieutenant barked. “On our way.” He took two quick strides towards the door but stopped just as quickly. Belayed orders. With a show of reluctance he returned to Printer. 
“We have a situation.” he admitted quietly. He was not a man to be good at whispering and the drop in volume caught the attention of anyone who hadn’t already been watching the action. They were by now the focus of every eye in the room and Printer stifled a sigh. Now he would have to act decisively and he hated making rushed decisions. “Another beacon – on deck three this time.”
Interesting. Does he have something to show for his efforts now? “Has it been cut off?”
Turner shook his head. “It’s an independent unit this time. The bridge are trying to jam it, but our specialist is off ship. Captain asks if you have any ideas.”
“You chasing after it is a foolish one to start with. No agent would be anywhere near the thing once it was transmitting. Swamp the area with techs until they find and smash it.” If he does have what he came for, then he needs to get away with it. “It seems he isn’t willing to do the deed himself. So he isn’t brave enough for self-sacrifice. He’ll want to be well away from us when his fleet arrive.” 
Ben Walton was a pilot! “The escape pods.” he breathed. “How many are there and what are the release protocols?”
Turner was already whispering into his comm.. “All pods are locked down until two senior officers sound abandon ship, but we have two ship to ship shuttles which are pilot guided. The captain suggests we secure them ASAP.”
Printer rolled his eyes. “A genius suggestion, yes. I concur.”
“Good. Come on then.”
“Come on?”
“You are still planning to identify him for us aren’t you?” Turner’s smile bordered on the condescending.
Ah. “Yes of course. I should warn you though that I am a terrible shot and not qualified to apprehend him.” 
“I guessed that. You look like a desk officer.” The lieutenant shrugged. “Duck, if it comes to it. I’ll cover you.” He moved off briskly and Printer found himself trailing behind like a lost puppy, dignity put aside for the present. “Caisley is taking the port side shuttle. Eleisus is canted slightly and Ashley says that one is lying against the deck and won’t release easily, but our man won’t know that. Ours is lying free, but it’ll still burn one hell of a hole if he tries to get it away from the airlock. They’re not built for in-gravity take off.”
“Commander Trimp is evacuating the area?”
“Aye sir.” They fell silent for a moment as they passed through a refugee area, and then rapidly down three sets of ladders to the lowest deck. There they were joined by yet more security crew, proving that Arman was certainly taking the Tren seriously. They all looked suitably grim.
“Report!”
“We’ve secured the corridors, but the airlock has been breached. There are at least two of them. They are trying to start the separation sequence but Ashley has them blocked for now.”
“Two?”
“We tried to make contact – there were two replies. Neither of them repeatable.”
Turner frowned. “A hostage?”
“Seems to be an accomplice, sir.”
Printer took his tracker control from its belt pouch and made a pretence of studying the tiny screen, thankful in fact that he had been given such a good opening to do so. After a pause he made a pretence of speculation as he pressed the shocker button. The resulting yelp was muffled, but clear enough to prove the point. A cold, suspicious silence settled over the corridor, which Printer did his best to dispel. “It was a logical guess, lieutenant. Only that. There are not so many men desperate enough to trust their lives to a Tren – fewer still who would go this far to escape them only to defect now.” He tuned the tracker slightly. “Outside of correctional facilities the range of these things is not very good. That’s better. It’s Walton. Inter-stellar smuggler. I’m afraid he may know what he’s doing.”
“Can you knock him out with that thing?”
“Possibly.” Printer calculated. “The shock has to come from the power supply of the bracelet, so it depends on how long he has been in the shuttle. Eleisus’ own security system is down and the bracelet will have been running down its battery, but the shuttle should have independent systems charging it back up as we speak. It will take about twenty minutes to reach full charge.” 
“It’s not been that long.”
“Then I wouldn’t want to count on it, but I can give it the maximum charge.”
“Right.” Turner flipped the safety catch off his rifle. “Do your best when I call and we’ll take the other one out our way.” He signalled to his men and together they took up positions on either side of the airlock, leaving Printer alone and feeling rather cowardly at a safe distance.
“Now!” Turner hit the airlock open cycle. Printer hit the kill charge. Inside the shuttle someone hit the ignition.
A ferocious blast of super heated air seared through the open lock. Printer held his breath instinctively, throwing up an arm to protect his eyes as he felt himself begin to burn.
But the heat faded quickly. Gasping he risked looking up and realised that the emergency bulwark had slotted into place behind him, leaving him in the cool, lonely silence of the bilge deck.

Chapter 10

In the time it took Daniels and Elise to return Greg had paced every inch of the chamber so many times it was becoming both familiar and deceptively small in appearance. It remained larger than any of Eleisus’ rooms bar the bridge and cargo bay and as stubbornly enigmatic as Celendran art. He had peered at each screen and punched each wall segment hoping for the hollow sound, but everywhere seemed equally solid. So he was as grateful as he was confused when Hazel turned up as well as Dregor.
The computer engineer had brought a hover trolley haphazardly stacked with what looked to be every portable gadget from his Hole, and instantly co-opted Greg’s team to help him attach it. Hazel, in contrast, had only packed a high sensitivity hand-held scanner and an all purpose tool-belt. Despite this he gave a much better impression of being prepared but he gestured the commander over rather than getting to work.
The pair retreated back into the dimness and relative privacy of the corridor. “You’re surprised to see me?” Hazel began.
“Well, yeah.” Greg shrugged. “I thought Ashley would have you up to your eyeballs in repairs whenever the captain could spare you from the bridge, and I was sure that wouldn’t be often. I thought I was pushing it asking for Dregor and he’s nowhere near as versatile as you are.”
“I’m flattered. The captain needed to let you know a few things he can’t use the comm. for, so here I am in my role as bridge messenger.” He grinned sardonically. “We have a spy on board.”
Greg nodded. “Dregor told me his suspicions.”
“Yeah, but now we’re sure. He set off a Tren beacon on deck three.” Greg swore, remembering just in time to keep his voice down. Dregor showed he was in the know by suddenly making much more noise as he continued setting up. When the commander had recovered his poise, Hazel continued. “Ashley caught it within fifteen minutes, but the fleet definitely heard it and two other cruisers have broken off to investigate us. And just when it looked like we were rid of the first one.” He shook his head despairingly. “Needless to say, it’s back on an intercept course. The hesitation bought us some time – maybe as much as an hour – but the Eleisus couldn’t match that firepower when she was whole so we’re going to need a lot of help from this broken hull. Captain wants us to lock down the hangar first and then work on weapons potential.” He shrugged. “Desperate, I know, but that’s why you have me.”
“My pleasure. What did you do with the traitor?”
“Haven’t caught him yet.” Hazel admitted. “Found the beacon, and the upload tool for the virus, but the man himself is still at large. Which I’m not bothered about, personally. He can’t exactly do any more damage. The captain set Bulldog after him.”
“Turner?” They were really short on people if the gunner was doubling on interrogation duties. The man was gifted but subtle as a brick. Which might be just what was required. “Okay. Get to work.” Hazel nodded and stepped back into the chamber just as Dregor hit a key and each of his machines sprang into life. 
Between them the lieutenants made ten times Greg’s progress in less time. In quarter of an hour they had control of the displays and access to the derelicts astonishingly good sensors. After that, however, they stalled frustratingly. 
“It's not that different from ours, is it?" Daniels noted sadly. He was staring at the panel now revealing the nearest of the Tren ships heading their way. It was a battleship, twice Eleisus's size, but in its metal glory it did look almost homely. The same welded armour plates, thruster tubes, squarish profile. Apart from the gold and green flag emblazoned across the nose it could have passed unnoticed in any space port. Greg had never seen a Tren ship except as a red blip on a battered console monitor. Windows in ships were just weak points in the armour, and no sensor gave a true visual signal. Apart from this ship's, apparently.
Hazel grunted. “There’s nothing here but screens.” He stopped trying to pry a readout panel from the wall to wipe the sweat from his brow. “No consoles, no maintenance tubes that I can see, nothing we could even start to work at. It's attached to the core computer, yes, but the control centre must be somewhere else.”
“I agree.” Dregor leaned back and stretched wearily. He was sitting cross legged in a small hollow of the deck between two radial cables. His portable console had been connected to the derelict's systems via a barbaric use of wire and crocodile clips but it seemed to be working. It was the host that was causing the problem.
"Commander?" Arman's voice crackled over Greg's wrist comm. He wished Dregor hadn’t brought a signal booster. He had no good news to report and suspected there was none to hear either.
"Yes, sir."
"I presume Dregor let you know the power cuts were caused by the prison break, not the other way around."
"Yes sir.” Greg made an educated guess at the reasoning behind this blatantly false piece of propaganda. The commissariat must have made himself useful somehow to make Arman want to deflect gratitude. “I'm sure Printer is suitably apologetic."
The captain matched Greg's ironic, smooth tone. "I'm assured that is the case. Unfortunately, that doesn’t solve our current issue. The Tren are still accelerating. They have seen us.”
"Yes sir, that's what the derelict's sensors are saying too." Their assessment of distance, size and firepower was indecipherable due to the alien measurement system, but the vessels were getting closer in any units.
He frowned. “Sir, have you launched a shuttle?”
“In a manner of speaking.” Arman grunted. “It’s in one of our blind spots at the moment.”
“It looks damaged, sir.” The picture quality was incredible, showing every scar and ash line from what was probably a back draft from the shuttle’s own engine blast. He wondered who was inside. “I don’t think it’s going to get far.”
“It had better not.” The captain snarled. Greg blinked. They weren’t trying to escape? Was it some kind of decoy? “Forget it. How are you coming on active systems.”
"We're making some progress, but not a lot." Greg admitted.
"I swear this is the interface programme." Dregor insisted. "It's got all the markings clear as crystal, but it doesn't seem to do anything."
“It summoned me.”
Greg spun around, reaching for his gun. He felt rather than saw weapons being pulled off another half dozen shoulders and tracking beside his. Hartley seemed unconcerned. He stepped into the room as though they weren’t there, moving forward until he blocked Greg’s view of the largest screen. He watched it with active eyes, huge and brown beneath his fine, incongruously clean hair. They looked curious, but that was just their inherent shape. The rest of his face had no expression at all.
“Um, hang fire captain." the commander switched his comm. off. "You’re not limping.” he said the first thought that came into his head that wasn’t accusatory. Hartley turned his head to stare at the commander but said nothing. He made no move towards them but his confidence, his presence, was threatening even as Greg’s pulse quickened in response. He heard Elise gagging behind him and knew she was having the same unreasoned reaction to a worn down teenager wearing an ill-fitting illuminous jumpsuit and a split lip. Keeping that description firmly in mind, Greg cleared his throat. He wished he had a straight whisky to hand. “Some of your prints made it seem like you were hurt.”
Hartley looked down at his own feet, one plimsolled and the other placed bare upon the floor, and wiggled his toes almost experimentally. “Yes.” he said. His voice was low and mild, a pretty voice, but the word sounded odd, as if a great deal of thought had gone into forming it. “The ankle was injured. There were many injuries, and much dirt, but we have mended and cleaned.”
“Just like that.”
“Yes.” Hartley blinked slowly. Then he shifted his body weight – a peculiar gesture which lowered his shoulders and dipped his head along with generally freeing his limbs from their stilted pose. It looked rather like someone changing his skin from a dress uniform to pyjamas. When he spoke again his voice had relaxed, picking up a higher tempo and staccato accent. “You were there when I was attacked. You stopped them.”
“It seemed the right thing to do at the time.” Surreptitiously Greg checked his men’s positions. The boy was well covered whatever trick he tried next but he was acting unpredictably. Printer had warned he was violent, but he hadn’t mentioned him being irrational or schizophrenic. Not that it was beyond Printer to lie… Hartley spotted the hesitation and stiffened back to his earlier poise. Responding instinctively Greg took a firm line. “Where’s the gun, Hartley?”
“I had no need of it.”
“You left it somewhere?”
“Yes.”
“Then why don’t you let Hazel here replace your tracker.” He tried to make himself sound soothing but the rifle definitely spoiled the effect. Plus Hartley had decided to stop blinking entirely and the control that must take was nagging on Greg’s nerves. “We’ll get you back to the ship and no one will get hurt.”
“I am staying here.” Greg drew a breath but something in the boy’s mask of a face stopped him. There was a smile, or a glimmer of one. The hint that he knew what he said was true. “Who are you?”
“Commander Greg Hawthorne, and you are coming…”
“My name is Jethabel.” he said. His eyes narrowed and he carefully repeated the name. A sound of irritation followed. “It is imprecise, but it is the best Josh’s throat can produce without much further practise. I am the ship.”
Greg wondered exactly how insane the murderer was and it must have shown as Hartley decided to elaborate. “I am the ship, and Josh is now...” He turned to Dregor. “Did you call it “interface”? Josh does not recognise the word.” When Dregor nodded he went on. “Josh is now my interface. I have adapted his body to allow me to speak directly to him, and he may then relay my thoughts to you and vice versa. I do not have any voice of my own which you could detect and I do not like machines such as the one you have grafted to me.” He gestured to Dregor’s console. “You will remove this. It itches.” His words seemed to flow more easily now and Hartley’s lips curled in a shy smile. “Why do you want to see my control centre?”
Greg took a very deep breath. That wasn’t possible. He would kill Printer for omitting ‘vastly delusional’ from his briefing. He didn’t have time to pacify a madman. He hadn’t really had the time to talk at all but as he levelled the gun to stun the felon his conscience flinched. He didn’t want to shoot. A treacherous inner voice pointed out that he did want to do other things to the boy, and that made him almost as sick as Hartley was. Well, he thought, if you have to pick a poison take the clean one. He had a good shot and Hartley wasn’t even trying to escape.
“Sir?” Hazel waved for attention. He and Dregor were consulting in whispers and bringing each other’s attention to various parts of scrolling computer code. “Um, we think he might be right.”
“What?” Greg lowered the muzzle. Too quickly, eagerly even he berated himself. Taking his self doubts with him he glared at Hazel. “That’s ridiculous.”
“Yes it is.” Hazel agreed. “It’s not within dreaming distance of our technology, but it’s consistent with what we’re seeing. As much of it as we can make out anyway. Mr Hartley here appears to be both receiving and transmitting on the computer frequency.”
Greg stared. “How is that possible?”
Hazel and Dregor glanced at each other and then offered identically baffled shrugs. Hartley supplied, “That is not your place to know. Accept that it is so.”
“Right.” It was like an interactive hologram. He could deal with that. As long as he forgot it had once been a person. And what that person had been. And that person’s attractiveness. And the possibility this was a practical joke. “Okay. If you are the ship, Jethabel.” he stumbled over the name but as Hartley had done the same moments earlier he had no right to be offended. “If you’re the ship then you have control of the systems, right?”
Hartley nodded politely, as though still waiting for a question worth answering. When Greg gestured for more information he hesitantly announced, “Not all systems are functioning. I was hibernating and it will take some time to stretch out my engines. I have concentrated on acquiring a new interface and activating sensors to better understand your needs. Unfortunately I have also consumed most of my nutrient supplies and this is affecting all performance levels.”
So no flight option yet. That left fight. “Jethabel, do you know who these people are?” Greg flicked a wrist free of his gun and gestured at the screen.
“Yes.” The boy’s face grew hard again, and then puzzled. “They are dead ships powered by fusion reaction and approaching at one half light-speed. Scans indicate their armour is minimal and their weaponry archaic, very similar to your own. They are not a threat to us.”
Not a threat at all? Either Jethabel was underestimating the Tren or he had fantastic armour. Those three ships could destroy a reasonably sized moon base. “Well, they are the enemy, Jethabel. They destroyed our base, our home, and they followed us here. We have to get this ship’s weapons working or they’ll kill us too. Now, if you let Hazel put the tracker on we can get back to doing that.”
“Evacuation complete.”
Greg blinked in confusion. “Pardon?”
“These vessels only want your vessel.” Jethabel said simply. “I have no reason to dispute their claim, and too few resources to do so at the moment anyway. So I have ejected it.” The image on the largest screen changed to the sight of their crippled, pathetic home shooting out the airlock like a cherry pip spat at a bucket. As Greg watched, appalled, the alien’s shell began to close over the hangar bay and cut off escape. It was, he noted while his brain froze to important facts, a very smooth motion.
“You can’t do that.” Hazel breathed. The other crew seemed to share his sentiment, lowering their guns as they struggled to believe it.
“Your enemy will no longer harm us.” Hartley snapped irritably.
The emotion cracked Greg’s shock. “You did that? Let them back in!” He strode forward and took Josh by the arm, shaking him angrily. “Let them back in.” he repeated. 
“Put me down.” Josh said slowly. A sudden dangerous fury was in his eyes and Greg decided the boy was definitely still in there. He was a lot less rational than the ship possessing him. He had no doubt that the ship was the powerful part of the pairing, but it must be a computer and it could be reasoned with. Surely. The boy however… He dropped the arm and backed away.Although his desperation and anger warred with every move he put his gun down and spread his arms wide, motioning for his men to do the same. Josh did not seem appeased. “I will not be hit again.” he warned. “Ever.”
“Not as long as you control this ship.” the commander allowed cautiously.
Josh grinned, anger and danger gone as soon as they had arrived. He looked almost normal for a moment but it passed quickly. “I admire your honesty, commander, but it doesn’t matter. Josh will be part of me until one of us is dead. It is our design.”
Greg glanced at the screen. The enemy were almost in range and his crew were slowly drifting away from safety. “Your design?” he extemporised while he racked his brain for something more useful.
“Jethabel was built to co-exist with a crew species interface. Without onehe has no purpose, no intent other than survival. It’s rather lonely.”
“And your partner is gone?” Dregor supposed. “That’s a complex software.” he muttered. “No wonder I couldn’t crack it.”
“She died. Survival dictated we choose a new one. We have.”
“Lucky you. Fantastic taste you have there.”
“All other beings on board were lacking.”
“Hey!” Hazel objected. “I am not...”
“Not now.”Greg cut him off.“Josh, you have to let the ship back in, or 500 people are going to die.”
“I owe nothing to anyone on board that ship. The only person who ever did anything for me is you, and you’re here. The people I know on that vessel I hate and the rest I don’t care about.”
“Does Jethabel care?” Greg hazarded.
“You infested our lungs and then set fire to them just so you could send out one man in a tiny ship. That hurt quite enough. You are not getting the chance to burn your main engines inside of me.”
Greg opened his mouth but shut it again quickly. The ship felt pain. It drank blood through the deck and made puppets out of children. But it felt pain. Was an apology even appropriate?
Josh sniffed. “Besides, if I let them back in we’ll be fired on.”
“You said you were in no danger.”
“I am not, because they have no reason to harm me anymore. If they tried they could well get lucky. My defensive weapons are frozen and the area is already damaged.”
That felt too much like lame excuses. “You can’t just let them die!”
“Why not?” The boy stared at him intensely, as though he really did want to understand the reason and really, really didn’t.
“Because…” Greg took a deep breath. Computer. Logic. No, a creature. A pained creature. “Because some of them are engineers, or doctors… or vets. The people who can fix up Jethabel. He’s been derelict a long time and he’s hurt.”
Josh closed his eyes and considered. “That might be true.” he allowed. “I was hasty and I should have let you bargain.” He smiled shyly. “I could grow to like you, commander.” On the screen behind him the first shots were fired, bright blue-white flares against the starscape. “It’s too late now, though. Even if I opened the hangar they wouldn’t get inside in time.” He drifted into silence, calculating and considering. Greg fidgeted. The missiles were closing in on their target. He was about to interrupt when Hartley spoke again. “Your ship will be destroyed. I think this will make the enemy go away, satisfied. It will be safe to reopen the hangar then. If they do go I will permit you to rescue the survivors and I will harbour them.”
“That’s not good enough!”
“Greg.” Hartley’s voice took on the ship tone. “Your ship’s life support has failed. We do not have sufficient oxygen or food to support 500 crew members for an extended period. Our intended crew complement is only 240 and this will strain our diminished resources in a matter of days. This is as fair a way as any of thinning the numbers.”
“Your hold is huge.” Hazel objected. “It had more oxygen than our tanks.”
The ship seemed to find that idea momentarily confusing and Greg saw again the change of attitude as Hartley overrode Jethabel’s command. “Yes,” he said smoothly, “but we need to breathe too, or you will all die, and we are significantly larger than you are. We have been holding our breath for a decade and some of our anatomy is already suffering. We will take on the survivors, and the fifteen of you already on board. No more.”
Greg grabbed his gun from the floor and aimed carefully. Three warheads had hit home in Eleisus’ port side hull and the ship was venting flaming air, listing as it did so. The hull was beginning to buckle. At least three suits were adrift and one of the few escape pods jettisoned as he watched. He lowered the gun. “They’ll die.” he said.
“But you will live.” Josh said. A small smile played around his mouth. “We will talk again when you have settled in. The small craft are in the second hangar. It’s immediately below the one you entered. The way will open for you.” He stepped calmly round Greg and vanished into the depths of his vast ship. No one thought to stop him.
 
Chapter 11

Arman felt shock freezing his mind. His screens were telling him that they had cleared their safe harbour and were rushing onwards to meet their fate. Which would have been fitting if he had ordered it so, but in fact he had no idea how it had been done. Rarely had he felt so blind-sided in a battle. He unfastened his harness and levered to his feet. A dangerous manoeuvre considering the turbulence they had already been through and that about to come, but that was all to the good. He needed the adrenalin to focus on the next commands. He couldn’t afford to dwell on what had already happened.
“Fire the engines!” 
“Yes sir.” Samson hesitated slightly before she flipped the toggle. She was already braced to control their momentum if the thrust came on, but she seemed unsure if it would.The bridge was back in a state of chaos having been turned head over tail by their ejection. Out of the derelict’s gravity field their spin was only noticeable in a slight lean to the left, but Arman knew it was considerable and righting it would be bumpy. But the gunners couldn’t aim through a violent spin.
Ignition threw him against the padded arm of the command chair and his ear hit his shoulder hard enough to cause tinnitus (and probably whiplash in the unlikely event he survived the coming battle). Only one engine had fired, but it was enough to give them a chance to go down fighting. Samson strained to pull them level, then quickly dropped her left hand from the stick – dislocated shoulder. “Harrie – take the helm! Gunnery report!”
Samson lay back in her harness and passed out as an untrained teenager gingerly took the co-pilots seat. He looked determined, but utterly clueless. Still, all he had to do was hold them as level as he could get. Too much to ask for any evasive action.
A chorus of fierce officers were informing him they were ready to take on the rapidly approaching Tren. He wished he had spare ammo to waste taking down the damn derelict, but whatever cock-up Hawthorne had made the crew marooned with him deserved whatever chance they had. He scanned the screen for their shuttle, not that he could take that out either with Turner on board, but it had a good lead on them. It was transmitting a Tren recognition code so no hope for help there either.
He felt a smile spreading over his features. It was a lost cause, but it was a battle he knew how to fight. He needed a few distractions. “Send out the civvies.”

*

The evacuation siren pierced through everything. And because they hadn’t been drilled in the evacuation procedure, everyone promptly panicked. Printer felt the panic rising himself. He felt as though he had only just lain down hoping for a few minutes sleep and a rest for his battered body. Possibly he had dozed, until the ship lurched over and he was thrown into the wall of the small cell he had chosen (no longer required by his diminishing chain gang). He couldn’t imagine what had caused that, so now he had the worry of being uninformed to add to a newly bruised back and the pain of the burns across his forearm and thigh. He had stayed prone, and sure enough there had been another sudden jump and sounds of cursing from the less foresightful prisoners.
Now the siren. He strongly considered lying still and letting the ship burn around him. He was bone tired, and more badly hurt than he had ever suffered in his life. It was increasingly likely he would lose his job over this fiasco. The Tren had got away with at least a corpse, possibly a live subject, and the project was completely compromised. So what would be the point of running any further? He was no animal, to heed only the warning of survival instincts.
“Sir?” Riley slid the door open. “I have located our designated escape pod, sir. What are your orders?”
Ah yes. That was it. He had to run because people still looked to him to lead the way. “Splendid work.” He let Riley help him up and dust him off. “At this juncture I believe we must...” He paused as the now familiar sound reverberated along the deck. The gun batteries opening fire. A short burst. Just a test, but the Tren must be close to have warranted it. “So we have left our shelter and are under attack. We must heed the captain’s advice and evacuate, constable.”
“Yes sir. And them?” He jerked his head towards the locked cell doors.
“Yes, them too.” More was the pity. “Open the doors.”
He knew it was a mistake as soon as the words were out. They were met with expectant silence – a plotting, calculating silence. Riley appeared not to notice and obediently released the locks. Two men leapt at him simultaneously, scrabbling for a quick kill and hoping they could leave their jailors behind on a doomed ship. Printer killed them both, and the men remaining in that cell for good measure. The corpses continued to beat their heels against the deck for three wails of the siren before the trackers moved to a steady yellow beam, charges emptied. 
“Anyone else?” he asked rhetorically. He now had a roster of merely three, and they were the meek and boot licking three at that. They were pale and shaken. He suspected he was himself. Until today he had never killed a man, but his hand had seemed to move of its own accord and even now what he felt was a mixture of relief and adrenalin.
“Then let’s move on before they leave without us.”
This proved more prescient than he had expected. As soon as they moved out of the brig area, which the passengers were still avoiding even in the crisis, the corridors were jammed. There was a mix of people trying to follow the procedure (as best they understood it) and therefore trying to change decks and push past to their assigned muster points. However they were blocked by the far greater numbers trying to barge their way on to the nearest craft over any objections. It was clear, of course, that there was not enough room for everyone.
“Order!” he bellowed. It was not an impressive shout, as authoritative statements go, but it gave pause to the men holding a young crewman high off his feet, strangling his attempts to control the escape. “Put him down.” They obeyed, reluctantly but they weren’t mad enough to oppose the government. Not yet.
“Good. Now, we must fill every lifeboat to capacity as speedily as possible. So start loading.” He gestured to the men to take seats, ignoring the crewman protesting that they belonged on another deck. Foolishness under the circumstances. 
The first boat loaded easily enough. The last would be the tricky one. He started devising ways of seeming fair but still ensuring the most useful people were saved, but he didn’t get to implement any. Midway through loading the second craft Eleisus took a hit and his head slammed hard against the door jam, absolving him of responsibility.

*
 
“We’re screwed.” Hazel complained. “Again.”
“Yeah.”Greg agreed helplessly. He watched as his former home slowly tore apart. They weren’t shooting down the pods, that was one thing. A small thing. He was glad he was safe and clinically noted the familiar pangs of survivor’s guilt starting up. He took a moment to repress them down with their older cousins. Then he re-opened his eyes on a new day. Time to salvage what was left.
It was a nerve-wracking run to the “lower hangar”. Greg barely looked where he was going, racing down the seemingly endless arterial corridor following the lights. His mind was on the Eleisus. There would be panic among crew and refugees as fire spread, terror as flames and everything else was pulled out into vacuum. Some would burn, some would suffocate and some would be trampled as they ran to the escape pods. “As fair a way as any”! Goddamn the boy. Greg put it aside for later, when he might have breath enough to curse properly.
He rounded a corner and sprinted headlong into the upper hangar bay, and pulled up short. Crabb, at the head of the pack, barrelled into him, righted himself and gaped. 
Jethabel had lit the space for them. 
The bay was roughly hemi-spherical, a half mile or more in diameter. Its deck remained a shimmering black, but the walls ranged from russet to golden in patterns like moss stains criss-crossed with softly glowing veins. Five immense, tilted columns supported galleries which stretched the width of the ship both forward and aft, separated by the darker red-brown expanses of the closed bay doors. Three rows of curving balconies led back into the bowels of the ship and watched over the bay with dark eyes.
“Starred Gods.” Crabb breathed. Greg nodded his agreement as he struggled to tear his eyes from the spined ceiling. It reminded him more of a cathedral than a lung.
“Commander?”
Mirehead. Greg spun anxiously, finally locating the doctor’s face peeping from behind a bulkhead. Exactly where he’d been ordered to be. Something going to plan for a change. Greg sagged in relief. He hadn’t expected Jethabel to have vacuumed the hangar, it had been open and air filled when they arrived after all, but he had feared it all the same. 
“Stay here.” He panted. “Wounded incoming.”
“I had the hunch.” Mirehead agreed dryly. “Where are you going? Get your breath back.”
“No time.” Greg shouted over his shoulder. Daniels had found the downstairs ramp. The brief search had allowed the stragglers to catch up so he reached the lower deck with Hazel closely following and only Dregor left behind. The path was steep but straight, thirty yards wide and ridged down the centre as though to divide into up and down traffic. To his right a wall of thin, transparent hide separated him from what looked like a similar sized upward ramp which was currently dark apart from reflections from the hangar. The way to the first level of balconies, he assumed. 
The ramp emptied out into a high ceilinged ante-chamber edged with the durable black hide he had previously seen only as deck covering. Here it lined walls stiffened with cartilage pillars. He followed it round and looked out into the lower hangar.
Like the main cavern above the room stretched the width of the ship. To his eye it looked the same area, but from the tilt of the hull he guessed the ship was actually beginning to narrow here below its midpoint.The space looked larger, an illusion of the much lower ceiling. The Eleisus would barely have scrapped in, if it wasn’t fractionally too high. The measurement was moot because unlike the main hangar, this was not an open space. Instead it was scattered with squat columns of twisted tendon and cartilage, splitting the cavern into a network of open rooms. Each of these rooms seemed to have a slightly different deck level, which were joined by a series of thin ramps. Not that most of the residents needed these.
Backing up to get a full picture he spotted perhaps twenty ships. Although it was hard to tell in the dim light and confusing perspectives, they seemed to be individually sized and coloured but kept to a basic species shape and span. He did see one very small one which gave him the brain-hurting idea that the ships were breeding. He hastily decided not to investigate further.
In the section closest to them a medium sized vessel stood with its door invitingly open. The craft was perhaps five yards long and three tall. It was shaped like a flattened egg and rested on a single foot made from a loop of cartilage laid slightly wider than the ship itself. A quick look inside showed it contained only a single room cargo bay and an engine system. 
Greg closed his eyes to better consider his options. There was no noticeable control console, so they couldn’t fly it even if they’d had a pilot. It was no bigger than an escape pod, so it wouldn’t be much good at rounding them up. It had no airlock, so they might not be able to pull anyone on board without killing themselves in the process. But it had air, and power, and might be capable of saving some of the Eleisus’ souls.
“Daniels, Elise – take this one.” Greg gestured. The crewmen saluted and raced over, clambering in over the foot strip. “Hazel, go with them.” He caught hold of the lieutenant’s arm as he passed. “The living only, and no heroics.” he warned. “We can only hope the Tren didn’t stick around to clean up the mess.”
“They normally don’t, waste of effort, but you’re assuming I can get the bloody thing started at all! I don’t know…” A strong wind wailed through the columns, blowing his next words away from Greg. They both crouched to the deck and stared around.
The portside door was pulling open. The inner hull spiralled wide like an iris tightening, revealing the hardened black hide of the exterior. As the flesh reached ceiling height and half again the width, the oval edges were clamped by spiny, three fingered hooks. From these bright, laser straight beams marked out the entrance for the unwary.
 The outer hull opened like a jaw, pivoted at either side and showing a several yard overbite in the external armour. It bent the deck up and ceiling down till the entrance looked like a pipe tunnel, and beyond it the bare stars.
Greg reminded himself to breathe. Somehow the bay was still air locked, but his heart pounded as he strove to believe it. For the first time in his career he felt space sick as Jethabel slowly rotated and the stars rolled past.
A thud distracted him and he turned to see the small ship’s door blink closed. Hazel must have clambered aboard as he was nowhere to be seen. Greg braced himself for a lift off blast but it didn’t arrive. Instead, the ship lowered near to the deck while its engines started to thrum a warm-up. Then it flexed its foot coil, bouncing into the air like a released spring. A percussion wave through the deck toppled Greg onto his backside and the ship soared above him. Its engines fully cut in before the apex of its jump and it swung its foot back to tail behind. It had dropped back to head height before it picked up the air speed to arrest its fall, but by then it had passed over him and was threading its way gracefully between the columns. The entrance shimmered as it passed through was he assumed was a gravity field and accelerated into space.
Greg closed his eyes and swallowed hard. His mind invented curses against the weird, alien and probably long dead engineers who’d thought that was a logical approach to flight. He would need to give Hazel leave for whiplash when he got back. “Ok. You three, two and two. Find yourselves ships and get out there. Concentrate on the suits, but if you can direct escape pods, or push damaged ones, so much the better. Dregor, you’re with me.”
“Oh good.” the lieutenant gasped. He had finally made it down and was doubled over panting at the hangar entrance. Greg made a mental note to hand him over to Seless when she recovered. It would make her feel better to pound him into shape. He looked like the sprint from the neural centre had near killed him.

*

The air was stale and warm. There was a faint tang of disinfectant on the back of his throat. His head throbbed painfully but the rest of his body was oddly distant, present but unresponsive. Slowly he became aware of the soft thrum of filters working away behind his neck and the empty sound of an open, but mute, comm. channel. 
Arman tried to open his eyes. They were encrusted and stubborn. His hands couldn’t be lifted to help. He tried again. This time there was blackness, barely enough light to make out the rim of a visor.
“Status.” He croaked. A tiny red dot appeared to the bottom right of his vision. The suit was running in silent mode. A small relief. He had power and life support for the near future, but no control over his fate. 
Before him a wide and empty starscape was slowly rotating. There was no sign of the ship, which could be anywhere behind him, although hopefully he had not drifted too far. Suits such as his would be dark and hidden, visible only by their shadows against the stars. No way to tell how many survivors were drifting around him. He closed his eyes again against a growing vertigo and useless curiosity.
He tried to remember how he had got here, but the images were scattered. There had been a massive impact through the ship and he had been jolted from his feet, cracking his skull sharply on a bridge console. Blurred faces had shouted incomprehensible questions at him, and then he had been sat down to one side and left to doze. It had been smoky, electrical fires and charred fabric and flesh. He did not recall being lifted, but some time later he had been slung over someone’s shoulder as they jogged along a red lit, slanted deck. He had woken slightly when they pushed him into the suit. There had been others in the airlock also suiting up, looking grim and scared. He hadn’t seen clearly enough to know who they had been. A crewman had clipped his lifeline to Arman’s suit belt.
He opened his eyes and twisted slightly to check. It was hard to make out, but he thought he could see silver reflections of the clip and a faint white trail wrapping away to his left. It looked taut. He allowed himself a small smile. Not alone after all.
From above a hull hove into view. It was lit in a rippling reflection of flames, appearing dark and burnished. He searched for the familiar pattern of welds and bolts revealing the structures of the armour, but the thing was consistent if not smooth. There was a patina of small dents across the lower half giving the impression more of sharks hide than metal and as it came to dominate more of his vision he made out small fins and short tentacles irregularly scattered along it. He worked out from their direction that he was drifting towards the prow and staring up at the upperside of the vessel as he headed to its starboard side. His own speed distorted his impression of the size of the thing. By any scale it was huge, dwarfing anything he had ever seen, but he thought it might even be larger that it seemed.
He saw himself approaching a larger fin and flailed his deadened arms uselessly. With no thrusters active he couldn’t save himself from the impact, but it turned out to be soft and he deflected neatly back off into space. A tug at his belt pulled him round and he saw the next in line finding a small purchase. He or she tried to stick their mag-boots to the hull, but there was no metal to grip and like the captain their momentum carried them off the surface again. However, the next two in line had been pulled closer and slowed. The belt between them snagged on the edge of the fin and they came to rest one over and one under the ledge. Arman’s own progress was arrested with a jerk that made his concussed head spin, and then he found himself being patiently reeled in.
It was slow work. Small, gentle movements were needed to avoid spinning back off into space. He concentrated on the work until he had as firm a grip as was possible on the slippery surface. Precarious as it was, at least it was solid and he felt significantly better for it, and more so for the encouraging gestures of his black visored companions. 
Below, past the helmets of the three crewmen clinging to the underside of their shelter, Eleisus was still burning. She was rotating quickly, pushed further from them by the force of heated gas escaping. Her tail section had torn loose entirely but was on a similar trajectory so that at points of the spin they came together almost as whole again. He could make out the tear they had taken at Sheraton dwarfed by the later strikes.The armour had buckled along the starboard side, opening so many storerooms to vacuum he marvelled that the bulkheads still kept pressure enough for the flames. 
I should be furious. He thought. I should be grieved. But there was no passion in him. It was always hard to be fierce in free fall. The chill of space came through emotionally, however good the actual life support. The silence, where he could imagine his own heartbeat keeping pace with the regular thud of the air filters. He watched his command sinking further away and wondered only how fast his own death approached. 
A grey suited hand waved before his face and pointed down and back. Arman frowned. Nevertheless he edged forward and glanced where the glove indicated. Tucked away under their fin was a short row of stalks, each ending in a dark circular maw. Like everything else on the hulk they were biological in appearance, but still had the dangerous menace of the gun batteries he was more familiar with. They were even noticeably tracking the remains of Eleisus as it disintegrated, presumably to defend against shrapnel as God knew there was no intentional harm coming from that source. 
He turned as fast as was safe and made a careful count of the fins along the monsters side. They were rare. Each came thirty or forty yards from the last, some higher and some lower but never two together. In comparison to a normal ship it was lightly armed, it may not even have classed as military grade in the official statistics. But its sheer size blew everything away.He tried to calculate the firepower involved, making rough guesses to the tonnage of each gun, but the maths was astounding. The number of men needed to crew it would be mind boggling as well, assuming the autopilot had to be disabled which seemed a given.
Could you bear it? He wondered. To go into a fight in such a thing? Cruising out of the depths like the demon ships of dark, boyhood dreams. It wasn’t proper, and there was no valour or honour in it. There might, however, be revenge. 

Chapter 12

“Are we retreating?” Mirehead asked as Greg and Dregor joined him in his cubby. Only a closer look revealed that the “cubby” was actually another cavern. It was dwarfed by both hangars, of course, but patch lighting on the walls showed it to be a similar size to Eleisus’ bridge. The doctor had chosen to hide in an alcove created by two bulwarks of tendons where he could hope the wind of a hull breach could be fended off. It was a comparatively shadowy piece of the deck and made morbid spectres of his patients’ drawn faces. 
“Before we get sucked out, I mean.” Mirehead smiled cheerfully, his long practiced bedside manner crushing his fears as action had Greg’s.
“We’re ok.” Dregor told him. “The ship has something, I don’t pretend to understand what, keeping the air in.”
“Oh good.” Jordan muttered. He was propped against the wall, left leg outstretched and encased in a field splint. “Don’t feel much like running.”
“Don’t feel much like standing.” Seless complained. She was lying flat and Mirehead had fastened her down so Greg knew the doctor suspected neck or back injuries as well as her collarbone and the messy gash across her scalp. He was surprised Mirehead had woken her so soon, especially considering she was so bad at bedrest. 
“This is a good place.” Greg re-assured them. “Here’s what I know. The Tren had an agent on board. He managed to fire up a beacon and a few fleet cruisers came to check it out.”
“We were up to speed on all that.” Mirehead pointed out. “I kept in touch with the bridge until they were… expelled. The comms went dead then.” He shuddered. “The deck just… waved. It was like shaking one end of a rug. She just rolled out. A six deck frigate tossed like a child’s toy.”
“Creepy.” Jordan nodded agreeably. Still in shock, the commander decided. Possibly doped. “Left a piece of the hull.” The crewman gestured at a silver speck in the distance, which resolved into focus as a section of the tail fin.
“Yeah.” Greg shuddered. It was a wonder there were any survivors really, but he had counted six escape pods before Hartley’s departure had blanked the view-screens. “That was the ship itself.” he explained.
“Apparently,” Dregor hissed, “live-ship also means self-controlled ship. No crew, but a damn scary computer core. I couldn’t get a patch on it.”
“The ship’s on auto-pilot?” Seless translated.
Dregor shook his head. “Inter-active AI. It can make its own decisions and evolves to circumstances. Way more advanced than we could manage nowadays, though we had a couple of models coming close before the war. Medical diagnostics, mostly. I’m not sure it’s a great idea to give a computer a warship. Asking for trouble, in my opinion.”
“In this case, asking for it to not take on a fire-fight with the Tren.” Greg agreed. “Which, for all I know, might even be a tactically sound decision. If you look at it very logically, mechanically, it isn’t Jethabel’s fight. He’s an alien computer, so why should he pick us over the Tren.” He sighed. “Anyway, this is why he ejected the Eleisus. To appease the Tren cruisers.”
“And cull the population.”
“Thank you, lieutenant! That is enough.” Dregor pulled a face but subsided on command. “The important thing is that Jethabel has agreed to take on the survivors. I sent four ships out just now to pick up the suited crew. The civvies seem to have got a good handle on the escape pods as well, but that might turn out to be wishful thinking. They’re known to jettison empty during firefights.”
“I will need to prepare.” Mirehead shot to his feet and went to work, marking out triage and treatment areas in his head and inventorying his limited supplies. He was muttering self-reminders about the types of wound and symptoms he could expect. Greg envied him the activity. All the commander could do was control his nausea and watch for the first returnees.
“It agreed?” Seless asked softly, trying not to disturb the doctor, who had commandeered Dregor to help against the engineer’s objections. “Do we trust this ship?” 
Greg favoured her with one of his sourest expressions. It meant, “No, but we’re going along with it anyway.” Seless grimaced. “Then you’d better set up a defence position before it changes its mind.”
The first pod landed in twenty minutes and Mirehead was immediately swamped and out of supplies. His temporary sickbay soon spilled out across the bay and Greg assigned Daniels and Crabb to keep the queue peaceful. It seemed almost no one had got away unharmed. Jayleigh Printer was carried past him out of the third pod to land. His remaining guard promptly confiscated the pod as a prison for the three felons they’d managed to keep alive and refused any orders to the contrary.
The fourth and fifth pods came down without assistance further into the hangar than a military pilot would have put them. They were carrying a full load of thirty civilians each and were mercifully undamaged. Greg had set off to direct them behind his fledgling barricade when he was interrupted by a hail from Elise. He turned to see one of Jethabel’s craft settling neatly onto its foot ring, watched by wide-eyed civvies. For once he couldn’t mock their credulousness. Being dragged along behind the ship was a line of roped together space suits, some of which were now using their thrusters to partially offset the gravity so they could drift to the deck. One of the helmets had an officer’s red stripe.
Greg hurried over to help. There were twenty in this chain and he could just spot another one being towed in. All of the crew were jubilant, slapping backs and hugging comrades. Greg let it go on for a minute and then bellowed for order. “Report to Mirehead, all of you. When, and only when, he clears you for duty report to the perimeter. Understood?”
“Yes sir!” they replied. They had to follow his outstretched arm to find the sickbay through the growing crowd, and some were limping as they moved off, but in moments Greg was left alone with Arman. 
The captain still had his helmet on. He was barely visible behind its dark screen and the thickness of the suit impeded his movements as he tried to detach himself from the rope left handed. Guessing that he didn’t want the crew to worry Greg moved casually to help. The helmet was jammed and took a concentrated wrench to remove. Beneath it Arman’s dark skin was bloodless and clammy. His air supply hadn’t been good enough. “How are we doing?”
“We’re still counting.” Greg evaded. “Five, sorry six,” he amended as a badly damaged orbit to surface shuttle was pushed on board by the final rescue craft, “pods are in and we’re hoping for another four.”
“Half the complement then.” Arman deduced. He barked a weak laugh. “Not bad for a complete loss.”
“Could have been worse.” Greg agreed neutrally. They’d left more crew behind on Sheraton. “I’ve got the rescue under control, sir. Why don’t you get patched up?”
Arman sighed. “Yes. I think I’ll have to. Besides, I can roll call the crew better over there. Hazel is with you?”
“And Dregor.”
“Good men.” The captain nodded to himself wearily. “I’ll send for you when I get the all clear from Mirehead.”
“Wouldn’t have it any other way, sir.” He watched Arman make his lonely way across the deck. He wasn’t even complaining about owing his life to an alien. Greg had never been in a position to lose a ship of his own, and as far as he knew Arman’s career had been so distinguished and successful that he’d never lost one before either. He prayed the captain bounced back fast because they were now stuck in Tren controlled space and Greg didn’t want the responsibility of getting them home on his plate.
He noticed Elise was hovering in his line of sight. When she realised he’d spotted her she came over hesitantly. She was normally the opposite of a shy girl so he braced himself for bad news. “Uh, we opened up the shuttle, sir.” she began slowly. “And… Well, it’s Lt Turner sir. He’s dead.”
Greg sighed. “Very well. Leave him for now and get the other passengers sorted.”
“There is only one other passenger, sir.” she said. “He says his name’s Ramsay and Krause has him penned in the shuttle at gun point. Lt Turner was shot, sir.”
Greg stared at her incredulously. Then the facts slotted together and he swore. “Ethan was looking for the mole. Is this Ramsay a civilian?”
“Yes sir.”
“Damn. We’ll have to involve the commissariat then.” He considered ways to avoid the necessity, then shook his head. “It’s too much to hope the man is carrying Tren insignia so there’s no way to justify military law.” Printer would almost certainly deny the death penalty, and even if he didn’t he would insist on a trial. There would be no vengeance for Ethan. Knowing what the lieutenant was like in life Greg didn’t put it past him to haunt them for years because of that, but there was nothing to be done about it. “Come with me.”
With Elise striding behind him he aimed for his second meeting with Printer’s guard. The heavy-set, professional looking man was protecting his make-shift brig as though it were a treasure trove. “Name and rank.” Greg demanded.
“Riley, constable.” The guard saluted with the precision of the parade ground. Greg wondered if he was ex-army. A lot of the better commissariat guards were. “Is Mr Printer better?”
“Not that I’ve heard. There’s a civilian needs arresting for treason and murder. Since your boss is indisposed, can you do the honours?”
Riley gave him a long, considering look. “Yes.” he said finally. “But I want to see the evidence and someone needs to keep watch over my charges.”
“Elise will keep them under control. As for evidence, the accused is still camped in the crime scene so I don’t think it’ll be a problem.”
The shuttle was badly damaged. Unlike any of the nine pods now landed it had taken direct hits from the Tren. They hadn’t just left their spy behind, they’d shot him down when he’d requested pick up. Popular guy all round. Krause looked relieved when they arrived. “He’s been mouthing off, sir.” he reported. “Tren propaganda mostly, mixed with insults, of course.”
“I can imagine. Don’t let it get to you. What’s the interior like?”
“Dark. Emergency power, but mostly intact. Never been aboard myself, but it looked a fairly standard layout. No traps that I could see. Lt Turner is to the left of the door. We checked for a pulse but we didn’t move him.”
“That’s perfect, crewman. Riley here wants to know everything about his new charge.” He raised his voice. “Mr Ramsay, are you ready to come out?”
They held their breaths waiting for an answer. “And who might you be?” The reply was calm, couched in an elegant accent that would have done Printer proud.
“Commander Greg Hawthorne. I have Constable Riley with me. He’s going to arrest you and place you in the brig if you come peacefully. If you choose not to comply we will come in and get you. That’s messy, and I’d prefer to do it the first way. If we come in, and you survive, you’ll be subject to court martial and belong to the captain of the ship you just blew up. I warn you, he’s not as nice as the constable here.”
The traitor actually laughed. “I see you are a man who knows a good threat.” He emerged at the top of the ramp, arms spread to show he was unarmed. There was nothing particularly striking about him in any way and he looked to be in his early forties and of a scholarly persuasion. But Tren agents, like those of the Alliance, were well trained and encouraged to fanaticism. Ethan was not the kind to have gone down easily. “I will co-operate for now.” Ramsay almost ignored them as he disembarked, he was so busy staring around at Jethabel’s infrastructure. He continued to take it in as Riley recited his rights and fixed a convict tracker to his wrist. “Now I see why I have been so unexpectedly spared.” he said thoughtfully.
“No you don’t.” Greg contradicted flatly.
“Really? I presume then that you don’t know of me. Dr Michael Ramsay.” He smiled somewhat smugly. “I’m an exo-biologist. And a Tren. I wager I know more about alien life and its preservation than any Alliance expert you could possibly have on board.”
Greg bit his tongue. If that snippet checked out Arman and Printer might have no choice but to release the bastard on bail or some other such deal and hope he didn’t have time to betray them before Hazel had learned the basics. The Tren would be trained for deception, but Hazel soaked up knowledge like a sponge so it should be a fair contest.
Riley handed Ramsay to Krause. “Take him to the correctional facility.” He instructed. “The other inmates shouldn’t bother you, but if they do press this button.” He handed the crewman a tracker control unit and pointed out the emergency stunner. “It’ll knock them out until I get back.”
Krause looked to Greg for confirmation and only after the commander nodded did he salute. “Yes sir.” He dragged Ramsay away roughly, although the Tren wasn’t resisting. Understandable rage.
Together Greg and Riley moved into the shuttle. It was the larger of the two Eleisus had carried, designed for the few occasions the ship couldn’t spare the time or the fuel to touch down herself. In emergencies it was counted as a double pod and should have carried sixty to seventy people as well as superior armour and its own weapons grid. Instead it had saved only one unwelcome man and never fired a shot in defence of its mother ship. Tren fire had taken care of the weapons and propulsion systems, and probably permanently weakened the hull, but the life support was still operating. They must have assumed their agent would suicide rather than be captured. 
Greg searched carefully between the ranks of empty chairs until he found Ramsay’s gun. It was a tiny thing, barely thicker or longer than a fountain pen, and it had enough charge left to have done the deed. Ramsay wasn’t as fanatical as his trainers had thought.
As expected there was a twisted corpse dressed in a prison jumpsuit. It had been left, presumably where it had fallen as the fatal charge jerked its limbs, tangled around the co-pilots station. Riley moved over to formally identify it but Greg had no interest.
Ethan had been shot five times. The weapon was weak and the lieutenant had been wearing armour, but even so the first three shots would have killed him. They were all right on target, across the throat and through the skull. One had melted an eye. Below the neck he was completely unharmed. Riley recorded each wound meticulously on a small camera pulled from his belt pouch, making notes as he went into the integrated dictaphone. Greg thought it was odd that a prison guard was so well prepared for field duty, but he knew nothing about Riley or Printer’s duties so he held his peace as the constable finished his investigation. 
Finally Riley nodded. “I’m done. I release the scene back to you, commander. You can tear it apart if it suits you.”
“I think it might.” Greg admitted. “Even damaged this shuttle is the most advanced equipment on board. Give me a hand?” Riley stowed his recorder and nodded. Together they lifted Ethan’s heavily muscled body and carried him down and across the seemingly endless deck. The corpse grew heavier with every step, reminding Greg that he was exhausted. It was with great relief that he added it to the growing piles just far enough from sickbay that the new patients didn’t have to look at it. Mirehead would deal with them later.
Riley went back for the other one, but Greg excused himself. He considered sitting down by the dead and taking a break but he didn’t trust himself to get up again so instead he found someone handing out bars of rations and bottled water. He paused on his feet long enough to eat the dry, chewy stuff without choking and then went back on duty. 
He had a struggle confiscating all of the food and water. Some of the civvies still had the strength to object to that, if nothing else. It came to drawn weapons, but fortunately not to shots fired, before he got it all stowed and under secure guard against the hangar wall to the right of the sickbay.
After a few hours of nervous waiting, people started to fall asleep on the main section of the deck. Gods knew how with all the noise. The people were mostly quiet, exhausted and defeated, but those in pain screamed and the kids, in particular, cried. 
At last Mirehead got around to announcing the captain fit for duty. Greg met him in front of sickbay and saluted sharply. Arman looked like hell. His uniform was filthy, torn and burned. His shoulders slumped as though his ship had fallen on them before it blew. His right hand was in a sling for what Mirehead assured them was only a bad sprain, but the number of cuts and abrasions had taken an hour of the doctor’s time to clear. Not that he seemed to resent it. In fact Mirehead, looking by now in only slightly better shape than his worst off patients, claimed he was glad of the chance to slow down and do something properly.
“Anywhere private to debrief?” the captain asked.
Greg scowled. Thinking had become difficult a while ago. He led the way to the passage he had followed earlier. It was now apparent that it lay about halfway between the ramps and the hull, on the far side of the new Stores. It also marked the start of Greg’s perimeter. This cordoned off an approximate eighth of the bay enclosing all pods and people and patrolled by the only three fit crew members he could spare from guard and salvage. Since most of the civvies had voluntarily clustered in the centre of this area, there were none near the corridor entrance to overhear them.
“How long have you been on shift?” Arman began.
Greg shrugged. “Since before Sheraton, I think.” He couldn’t remember sleeping in that time, but then he could barely remember sleeping at all, anywhere.
“Right. Me too. But I’ve just had a break of sorts, floating around out there and sitting still for the doctor, so you can take the first rest. Four hours.”
“Yes, sir.” Greg programmed his comm. to wake him after that. “Um, to report. We’re all here that we could get. I haven’t ordered any exploration of the wreck.” He winced as he said it. A lot of his personal stuff was on that wreck, along with a lot of memories. Things he had ironically chosen to save from Sheraton when the stuff he left behind would still be there. “There might be salvageable equipment on her, but it’s got to be risky. We’ve been keeping sensor sweeps on her and some parts of the engine core are still burning. She’s not stable yet.”
“She won’t be flying again.” Arman agreed sadly. Even in a space dock some ships were too badly damaged to be worth repairing. “And the rest of the people?”
“I called off the search. We caught all the pods and suits only have eight hours of air.”
“Yes, yes of course. How are we for officers and crew?”
“There were fifteen of us on Jethabel when the attack started. That’s me, Mirehead, Hazel and Dregor in the fit column, Seless is inactive. You and Ashley are the only officers to have survived the attack, and she won’t be on duty for at least a week.” He sighed. Mirehead had spared Ashley enough effort to drug her unconscious and moved on to people he could help. “We have fifty-four non-commissioned crew and marines, of which eight are still with the doctor.” 
“Not many.”
“No, sir. 243 civvies though. Better average survival rate than ours.”
“Ran away when they were told to, that’s why.” Arman muttered. 
“Probably.” Greg agreed. No crew liked to abandon ship. “Lt Turner is here and will need a funeral. His murderer is a Dr Ramsay. He’s in police custody and might have valuable information, but in my opinion he can wait.”
“Damn right. What about Hartley?” His tone was bleak. Obviously someone had already explained where Hartley fit into this disaster.
“Your guess is as good as mine. No sighting since the attack and Dregor can’t pick him up on the sensors. I’m not expecting him to emerge again soon. I’m guessing he’s smart enough to lay low until tempers have cooled, or until we call for him. We have an armed perimeter though, and I’ve kept everyone in open ground. So we can hope we’re not a tempting target.”
“Right. That seems to be everything, so I am officially caught up and back on duty. Get some sleep.”
Greg found a spare patch of deck amongst the walking wounded kicked out of sickbay. They were crew and had left a wide aisle between themselves and the civvies in the same straits. Greg felt better to have the distance as well. He slept better knowing the people around were trained and armed.

Chapter 13

Day One

Printer woke slowly from a strange dream filled with oppressive dark caverns and ringing echoes of mocking laughter. It was cold in the dream, which was ironic as his reality quickly filled with burning pain. He moaned, trying to duck back into oblivion, but this only attracted attention. A trickle of stale, lukewarm water was poured into his mouth and he swallowed gratefully. His throat felt seared raw.
“Slowly.” He obeyed mindlessly and carefully took another sip before venturing to open his eyes. It was too bright. It took him several seconds to focus, and even then his mind refused to interpret what he saw. Eventually he realised he was lying flat on the deck with the ship’s young blonde doctor kneeling over him. Beyond that head the ceiling seemed an awfully long way away. Ceilings always did from the floor, but this was more than just that.
“Derelict?” he muttered.
“Yes.” the doctor agreed. “We’re in a chamber just off the hangar.”
Printer risked a nod, wincing as a wave of dizziness followed. Really, where else could they have gone? “Safe?”
“Your guess is better than mine.” The doctor shrugged. What was his name? Something about mud. “Life and hope, as they say. How do you feel?”
“Wrecked.” Can I be signed off sick for a month? “Can I sit up?” 
“Have a go.” The doctor placed a hand under his shoulders and helped him into a sitting position. The room span round for a few breaths and he struggled to hold his stomach contents, but it steadied. “Not going to throw up?”
“Apparently not.” He looked down at his left hand, which had refused to bear weight. It was awkwardly curled in on itself and he found he couldn’t relax it.
“You took a blow to the shoulder and the nerves were damaged.” the doctor explained. “There are exercises and massages we can try to ease it, but I think you’ll need an operation to restore full function. I’m sorry, but I’m not equipped for that.”
I’m crippled, Printer translated. Certainly for the foreseeable future. Best to assume permanently. He let his eyes drift over the rest of the room while he adjusted. He was right handed, but the loss of even the lack-hand was maiming, surely? Could he manage without it?
He became aware of his fellow patients, many stretched out on the deck just as he had been, other propped up against crates. There must be at least two dozen, all of them in a bad way. To one side a uniformed crew-woman was finishing tying off a dressing. She wasn’t dressed as a qualified nurse. She and the doctor both looked bone tired and bloodstained everywhere but their scrubbed hands.
The doctor wants rid of me, he realised. I’m not a priority.
“Well then.” he said. “Is there anything else wrong with me?”
The doctor’s lip twitched in the start of a very stressed smile. “Your left shoulder is torn – try not to use that side at all. You have minor burns over chest and neck, and I think scorched lungs. I’ve applied sealant to the skin – come back immediately if it tears or slips, even a little. You really don’t want infection to set in. Here’s a spray for your throat. Take it once an hour, or if you start coughing. And you’ve been unconscious for about eight hours.”
Printer raised his eyebrows. The immediate threat of attack had passed? “My guard?”
“Is in far better shape than you are. He popped by a few times, but not for a couple of hours now. He may be catching a nap.”
“In the hangar?”
“It’s either here or the hangar, sir. The rest of the ship is off-limits.” With a medic’s sure sight he correctly interpreted Printer’s sudden reluctant expression. “There’s a toilet set up around that corner. I would go now if I were you. There’s no privacy at all out there.”
Ablutions seen to, Printer made his way out. The triage area was as large as a normal hospital ward and he moved slowly. This was enforced by his injuries and ensuring he didn’t trip where there were so many eyes searching for signs of despair, but it also gave him time to assess their circumstances. The doctor was even more ill-equipped than he had first thought. What he had assumed to be a tarpaulin covered storage area was revealed to be the morgue. He is right to warn against infection, he thought. It will be a killer in the days to come. 
He paused at the chamber entrance to give his smoke damaged eyes time to adjust to the comparative brightness of the main hangar, which was flood-lit by the escape pod beacons. It was impossible to see anything beyond the perimeter. That might be for the best. The little he could make out from the walls and deck did not promise much in the way of hospitality, or any hint of the ship’s mechanics. Do I still have the live-ship study on file anywhere? It was possible. His personal hard-drive was still secured to his belt. Most of the data it held was concerned with his now obsolete enhancement trials, but the rest of the classified projects should be in the memory as well. Assuming it was undamaged and he could requisition a terminal to read it on, then he might be able to make sense of this cavernous interior. 
He had other priorities right now. To his right he spotted a large congregation and some obvious activity, causing indeed almost all of the noise carrying on the depressed atmosphere. He surmised this would be the food provision and made it his first point of call.
He was taken aback by the number of survivors. And so many unhurt, or walking wounded like himself. The evacuation had not seemed so successful to him. Unless it was simply that a crowd in an open court looked more numerous than passengers packed into the tight quarters of a frigate. A network of narrow pathways was all that was left of the remarkable deck between the tightly circled escape pods. Wakeful people were tripping over those sleeping in family huddles. The perimeter was ludicrously small. 
He reached his target and was handed a dried food pack. No questions asked. He sighed. “Are these not rationed?” he suggested to the exhausted crewman.
“They will be when we get a roster to check against, sir.” He shrugged. “I don’t even know how much of it we have.”
I would keep that closer to my chest if I were you. Printer took a tiny bite of the repulsive sticky solid and chewed hard until he could force it down. It felt like running a grater down his throat, but that was hardly the fault of the food. “Who is in command?”
“Um.” The crewman glanced to the side and Printer followed his gaze to what looked like Commander Greg’s hair poking out the top of a survival kit blanket. “The captain must be on duty, sir.”
Printer nodded. The military chain of command survived. He had suspected as much from the doctor’s informal demeanour. That might actually be a good thing. He didn’t really feel up to the mantle of responsibility right now. Not that he intended to lie back down just yet. “Record everyone’s id as they come to fetch food. Then you can check if they’ve already been.”
The crewman frowned. “What if they’re claiming for a group?”
“Don’t allow it. One person, one packet and the ids have to match the person. There will be spare ids floating around, I wager. Send them to me if they object, or if they claim to have lost their id.” His crabbed hand had begun twitching violently and the poor crewman had begun to stare at it in horrified fascination. Printer had to clear his throat for attention (a painful process in itself) and was rewarded with a flush. I will have to get used to it, he told himself. I will have to stop letting it hurt me.
He turned away and began a slow circuit of the camp looking for Riley. He could be hidden among the moaners and sleepers, but Printer hoped he had been able to commandeer a brig so he followed the ring of escape pods. Most were being used as backrests and semi-shelter, so he had to step around settlers. No one hailed him. It was remarkably still. The vast majority seemed despondent and exhausted.
Sounds of energetic destruction drew him to the third pod. Inside a young officer was quickly detaching the seats, helped by a handful of refugees – one of whom made off with two chairs as Printer watched.
“Lt Hazel?” he ventured diffidently. “A word please?”
“What? Oh, of course Commissariat.” Hazel squeezed past his helpers and jumped down to the deck. He looked fit, if not clean, and better rested than most.
“What are you doing?”
“I am salvaging useful equipment, per Commander Greg’s orders, sir.”
“I see. Did he also order you to distribute useful equipment to all and sundry on a first come first served basis?” 
“Uh.” Hazel flushed. “No. He said to inventory what we have and make it useable.”
“A good plan, as far as it goes. May I suggest...” He paused to survey his options. “Stacking everything in that chamber.” He pointed out the next doorway to the clinic, which he could just make out beyond the lights. It was outside the perimeter so he wasn’t surprised to see objections forming in Hazel’s expression. “You can’t keep it secure on the open deck, lieutenant, and I doubt the doctor will appreciate you disturbing his patients.”
Hazel still looked uncertain, but surprisingly he conceded rather than deferring to his captain’s judgement. “We do need a secure base for the food and water.” He admitted. “That mess can’t cope. Do you want me to get back the stuff that’s already walked?”
Printer sighed. “Was it only seats?”
“Mainly. A few sets of clothes.”
“No food?”
“No.”
“Then I suppose it is best left as is. The last thing we need is a fight over it. But no more. The captain and I will divide what we have when the full inventory is complete.”
“Aye sir.” Again that flicker of uncertainty when the captain was mentioned. If Arman was on duty, where was he anyway?
He moved on past another empty pod. The details of the far side of the camp were becoming clearer now and he found himself gaping. 
The final machine in the ring was a bizarre construction. It was coloured warm russet with golden striations and was shaped like a rugby ball resting on its side supported by a loop of thick cord. He could trace the outlines of doors and possibly tucked in fins in the patterns of the hull. It was parked before two wide ramps, one leading up and the other downwards, and seemed perfectly at home. Which he presumed it had every right to, though there had been nothing like its ilk mentioned on any derelict reports he had read. If there were more of them then they were not as stranded as he had thought. There might be hope yet. Nevertheless, there wasn’t a soul within ten yards of it.
Beside it the two shuttles were parked neatly side by side blocking access to the far half of the hangar. That was good planning, minimising the weakness of the perimeter where varying sizes of vessels came together. He began to nod at the thought process, then paused.
Both shuttles? 

Day Two

The captain sat silently, watching the traitor also sitting silently. They were alone in the escape pod which had become Ramsay’s prison. The other three prisoners shared another pod but Printer had Ramsay on solitary confinement. Which was as it should be, though Arman wished he could assert martial law and remove the officious warden from the equation.
He would never have thought Bulldog could be taken down by such a feeble looking man. He was only average build, wiry enough to suggest some strength but not enough to go toe to toe with a man several stones heavier. He kept too still for Arman to really analyse his movements and he sat purposefully slouched to conceal his training. He was still dressed like an aging academic, hair combed neatly flat and round spectacles perched on his nose. Behind the glasses, though, his eyes were dancing with inner amusement. He thought he had the upper hand and as long as they continued not to execute him he was right.
Dissatisfied Arman rapped on the pod door and was let out. Ramsay hadn’t opened his mouth since his arrest. He didn’t have to. He had given his real name as far as they were able to judge and his qualifications in alien stuff were real enough as well. The whole lot was verified in their own records, such as they were. He could afford to wait until they needed to beg him.
There was a smell of bacon and oatmeal in the air. Breakfast had come round again. It came twice as often as it was due because even the best cooks Printer could rustle up could manage only “bacon and oatmeal” and “rice and beans” from their chronically short rations. There were odds and ends of other ingredients but nothing that could be made to feed 250 people from one stove hot-wired to an alien shuttle’s battery. And so he both started and ended his twelve hour shift with breakfast.
There was time yet though. He paced back across the camp, torn between resentment of the way Greg had allowed Printer to double its area overnight, and relief that the overpowering stench of unwashed bodies had been watered down as a result. He even had a semblance of privacy around his “bridge” - a collection of computer screens and cushions filling the smaller, better surviving of the shuttles. No one could close the hatch because Hazel had gutted the air filters, but at least eavesdroppers would be obvious. 
The largest of the screens was tracking a small dot of blue light tracing slow circles. His ship, his wreck. Orbiting them. Drifting further away with each rotation. She had finally run out of oxygen and stopped burning so now only her inertia and the distant pull of Sheraton’s star were dictating her motions. There was no logic why she wouldn’t have fallen away from them by now. Hartley must have made a brief thruster burn to match her course during the “rescue” or she would have been long gone. But for now they drifted together – prolonging the pain and rubbing salt in the wound.
“Sir?” Greg stooped into the shuttle, bowl of getting-up breakfast in one hand. He had made an effort to scrub up, but with only limited recycled water to use it was only partially successful. He had found himself fresh overalls only slightly short in the cuffs and almost naval blue, and this was an improvement over his captain at least. Seeing Arman’s gaze the commander elaborated. “We have a laundry service, apparently. I have been promised my uniform back tonight. They’re using emptied ration drums for rinsing but God knows how they plan to dry it.”
“On lines, probably.”
“It’s the most energy efficient.” Greg frowned, as though he found the idea of his smalls being on display unpalatable. “There is always a breeze, I guess.”
Arman grunted. “Good to see something useful happening.” He was uncomfortably aware of his own filth. Greg had chosen to rest his awkward, lanky frame on a pile of cushions against the far side of the shuttle and he was sure this was a pointed comment. “Were our engineers involved?”
Greg blinked. “I don’t know. They have a water heater, but I don’t think we rigged it for them. It had more of a Printer stamp on it. They had a process for tracking what was whose before they had soap.”
“Sounds about right. I’ve been trying to work out how to increase supplies.” He glanced at his little blue dot. “There is more out there, but I find our engineers are developing an unhelpful attitude. Defeatist.” Dregor had even laughed when he had suggested opening the bay doors so they could send out a shuttle. What could he do without even that basic first step? But no, apparently it was only a possibility from the “neural node”. Which was on the outside of the only defensible perimeter they had the man power to hold.
“They might be right though.” Greg replied. He stretched his legs out in front of him trying to find a suitably formal position for sitting on his arse on the floor. Arman was sitting cross-legged quite comfortably but the commander seemed unable to wrap his knees around the problem. “We got nowhere near to controlling the ship even from the neural centre, and hangar control should be a high priority system with some good protections.”
“But we need to get to the ship!”
“It does have all our main weaponry and tech.” Greg agreed placidly. “As well as the threat it’ll attract salvage pirates if we leave it there.” The thought of Eleisus being torn apart for scrap burned in Arman’s gut. Not that Hazel would be any more gentle if he got the chance, but he’d be more respectful. “But I don’t see how we can manage it.” He made a show of reluctance. “Our only real option of getting back on board is Hartley, sir.”
“Going into business with Hartley isn’t an appealing prospect. He’s a civilian.” At the moment that did seem the most annoying of Hartley’s crimes, if not strictly the worst. He had read the file, but it bugged him to have never met the man himself. Files were made to say what the Commissariat bureau wanted you to think. Why would they place a deranged juvenile in the general population? Especially with this “pheromone imbalance” rumour said the commander had such problems with. There was more going on between the lines. The boy could be anything from a psychopath to an innocent through a suicidal crying for help and the file would have read exactly the same. The only thing certain was that he was not what he seemed. “And he’s nowhere to be found anyway. What about Ramsay?”
“He’s a Tren, sir, and no more trustworthy than Hartley. Although his training might make him more predictable. At least he seems to be rational, and I suppose he would be unbiased as far as Jethabel is concerned.” Hawthorne considered it for a few moments, then shook his head. “There’s no fool-proof way of co-opting a Tren fanatic to work for us. Unless he turns out to be less than fanatical. I haven’t spoken to him since his arrest.”
“I have. Or at least I’ve met him. He’s holding his own counsel for now.” The captain smiled slightly. “I needed to see the man who could take Ethan down. And true to my expectations he’s an interesting one. Good soldier. Raving lunatic when it comes to theology and politics, I expect, but as long as you steer clear of all that there is a brain in there, and a will to survive. We could use him. I’ve ordered Hazel to spend an hour a shift touring the perimeter and getting the biologists opinion. Hazel’s sound. He can filter out the lies and propaganda to a useful end.”
“I’m sure he can, sir, but I still don’t trust Ramsay.”
“Never said I did either. He’ll have a two person guard at all times. If he doesn’t yield results soon we’ll execute him, damned what Printer says. Let me deal with the Ramsay option. You concentrate on getting to Hartley, since you seem to want to. I’m told he owes you a favour already so maybe you can control him until something more reliable turns up.”
“Yes sir.” Hawthorne agreed glumly.
“Defeatism, commander. Don’t let it worm its way in there.”

Day Three

Printer chewed slowly, trying to forget that the “protein” in his broth was human flesh Dr Mirehead had processed from his former patients. All of the equipment to perform this rendering was standard emergency gear – every pod had a set and you were expected to use it if the occasion arose – but he had never before been forced to the extremity himself. Another low. Nevertheless he continued to swallow until every mouthful was gone. Everyone else would have to put a brave face on it as well.
It was the start of his third day in exile – at least according to him. There was no night or day under the derelicts lights, not even the artificial brown-outs used on normal ships to indicate midnight. Meals were served at regular six hour intervals of which each person was entitled to only three. Within that when you chose to sleep was up to you. There seemed to be a quieter quarter than the others while Printer and the prisoners slept and Riley stood guard (the first half of Commander Hawthorne’s duty shift), but it was only marginal.
He placed his bowl in the washing pile and assessed his plans. Day One – food and water. Day Two – hygiene. Day Three - ...? Taking Ramsay from the military may be a personal priority, but it would beg questions he didn’t want to answer. The manual would say find shelter and seek assistance. Normally shelter would be high on the list, but Arman stubbornly refused to vacate the vast, cool hangar for the potentially heatable innards of the ship and hence they were at an impasse there. Rescue was a forlorn hope at this point. There was only the Tren to hear if they called for help (Note – will need to return to food and water when rations run out, Day Sixteen). 
Then there was Josh to consider. Could he truly have the ship in thrall? The classified studies did seem to support the possibility. “All other beings on board were lacking” he had told the commander, at least according to Hazel, who was proving a reliable gossip thus far. An unexpected side effect of the drug cocktail? Whatever the case, if Josh had power than Printer would have to have Josh. But not today. For today they were still under martial law and contacting their captor was the captain’s prerogative. A task he was avoiding, either out of pride or fear, neither reason good.
Perhaps it was time to retrench, he thought. Some stability and order. Enough to comfort but not enough to imply stalling. It wasn’t much of a plan. People were rested now, acceptably fed, adjusting from the trauma. There was a good show of complying with the new routine, and a healthy amount of debate and resistance was developing. The recovery should be gathering pace. There must be something better deserving of his attention than reinforcing the status quo. Was he truly stalled?
A small sensor tucked under his jacket vibrated slightly. Josh had moved back into range, or at least his med chip had which was to be assumed the same thing until proven otherwise although the shocker unit had undoubtedly been discarded. The chip had only a tiny transmitter, good for barely a hundred yards and carrying only basic stats, but it proved that Hartley still had a pulse. It should be recording a small fortune of data if they could ever find a way to retrieve it. Bringing back a medical scanner was hardly a priority.
Discreetly he moved out into the hangar towards the far extent of the camp. By patient trial and error, and his knowledge of the chip’s range, he had narrowed Hartley’s viewpoint down to the balconies overhanging the ramps, possibly further to the far side. He visited several times a day, frequently at meal times, and stayed for up to an hour. Watching them, presumably. 
Are you hungry? Printer wondered, trying to look like he wasn’t paying any attention to the balconies at all. If you had no drinking water you would have been driven down by now, but you’ve gone three days without food before. It will take longer than that to make you take us on.
Then there was the drug conundrum. The other three subjects were all in deep withdrawal now. Feverish, dizzy and nauseous by turn they weren’t in a position to be attacking anyone. Was that why their “interface” was so cryptically silent, or had the ship cleansed his system more efficiently?
Hartley’s pulse moved out of range again. He wasn’t ready to risk stealing rations just yet. He may never be ready. Printer sighed. Day Sixteen. Hartley’s terror of captivity was, understandably, grave. He might decide to he would rather starve than face imprisonment. The captain’s inaction would be the death of all of them. They had to fetch the boy.
So is that what we do on day three after all? He brought his attention back to the present and found himself surrounded by staring eyes. A queue of petitioners had formed, led by Mr Barker in his self-appointed role as Printer’s secretary. Self-appointed, but not unnecessary. It was always useful to have someone else keeping a record of the more petty squabbles and grievances breaking out, and the lawyer was proving his worth. 
Currently Mr Barker was wearing an expression of more than professional concern and Printer realised he must have looked vacant and powerless as he stood in the middle of nowhere thinking through his options. He tried to rearrange his features to confident control.They at least appreciated the effort. No, day three was going to have to be about holding the peace.

Day Four

“You assume that everyone is motivated by pure self-interest.” Ramsay debated. “This isn’t so. Undoubtedly it is in the best interests of the crew to command their destiny, but that does not mean they found the means of doing so morally acceptable. If the ship is sentient in its own right, as it appears to be, a command over-ride would be the basest slavery. I do not believe they would even have considered it. They surely worked alongside their vessel as equal and respected partners.”
Arman sighed. Everything the Tren said was either propaganda, conjecture or a plea to access their sensor reports, sometimes all at once. None of it was really helpful. Hazel seemed to be keeping up with the twisted logic, taking the subject back to possible power sources as the pair moved on out of Arman’s earshot, taking their armed guards with them.
It wasn’t so much what the Tren said that Arman was interested in. It was the reactions of the civilians to his daily exercise plan. Hazel was thorough in his reports and hadn’t mentioned any trouble, but Hawthorne warned of something brewing. Of course, Hawthorne saw danger behind every tree...
But in this at least he was right. Blatant hostility was being offered to the whole group, and to other crew as well even if they were nowhere near him. Hazel must be blind, or just blinkered. Dammit. They would have to put their pet expert back in his cage. Or beg for Printer’s buy-in.
Well, that would have been worse news had he been more helpful.
 He finished the last of the coffee that had been his excuse for sitting on the ramp of his “bridge” shuttle. Captains had to have an obvious reason for sitting anywhere or they were watched like hawks, severely restricting opportunities to eavesdrop.
Back inside the shuttle his little blue dot was passing her zenith at the top of the screen. She was slightly dimmer and bigger now, a sign of debris dispersing. He could imagine his real bridge up there. Dark, apart from possibly some residual power in the emergency lights. Tangled wires dropping from every surface. Bits of screen and station floating in gentle curves without gravity. Samson still strapped in the pilot’s rig, blood crusted over her forehead exactly as he had last seen her. He should be there with her, waiting out eternity in his rightful chair.
His feet sensed the change first. There was no sound, no change in the light or the wind to warn him. Just a slight increase in gravity and a faint vibration carried from the deck through the whole shuttle. It was subtle, but the dawning realisation wasn’t. They had engines.
He jumped up, narrowly avoiding banging his head off the upper storage lockers, and rushed to the ramp. All around the camp his crew were coming to alert and some of the brighter civvies were beginning to panic. There was a gathering cascade of whispers he had to yell over. “Bridge!”
There weren’t many officers left. Hazel was prompt as usual, dragging Dregor behind him. The IT specialist was not coping well with communal living and looked about as tetchy and stressed as Printer’s pet lunatics. Seless looked healthier even though Mirehead had to support her to stand upright. Ashley they left in the sickbay, which was probably unavoidable. Hawthorne was the last to arrive, still yawning widely.
“Right.” Arman pointed to his screen, where his blue dot was finally disappearing into the past. “That’s not going to cut it. Options?”
“We go back to the neural node.” Hazel piped up with prompt predictability. “Jethabel’s sensors have ten times the range of what we’ve got here. At least.”
Dregor grunted. “Plus he should know where he’s going.”
“I’d prefer an independent solution.”
This was met with an uncomfortable silence. Shifty glances were made in the commander’s direction. Apparently it was overrule the captain time. Arman frowned. Now he thought about it Hawthorne had been on a persuasive track ever since they landed on this wreck. How long had it been since his orders were carried out without question?
“With due respect, sir,” Hawthorne began, “there are no independent solutions. If we want to know where the ship is, we can super-charge the shuttle sensors. But to know where the ship is going we need access to the navigation system.”
“Which we can’t get from here?”
“No, sir.” Dregor confessed. “My remote hijack kit isn’t up to the translation required.”
“I don’t like it. It’s too isolated up there and we can’t defend a perimeter of that size.”
Hawthorne shrugged. “There are associated risks.” he said blandly. Several jaws dropped. Arman’s was nearly among them. Gregory Hawthorne was advocating recklessness? “We have twelve days of rations left. That’s not a lot of room for patience, sir.”
Arman found he was debating disagreeing out of spite, even though this was a day he had spent the whole tour encouraging. Which was ridiculous. “Fine.” he snapped. “Take everything and everyone you need. Seless, organise a detail to make sure no one follows them. No one is to leave the hangar without my say so.”

Chapter 14

Day Seven

 The captain’s reluctance didn’t last of course. Movement was the balm his spirits had been craving, and he was soon taking personal command of their new outpost, installing himself in an office next to the node. Between them he and Dregor commandeered almost every computer on board and Greg was soon left with only one old battered terminal in the abandoned bridge shuttle. In keeping with their long standing mutual avoidance agreement, it was clear he wasn’t welcome in Arman’s new office.
He did need some privacy, however, as he was tasked with developing a strategy for Joshua Hartley. This meant dealing with the intractable filing system of the Alliance bureaucracy on an old and slow computer.
“I take it you’re not having any luck.” Printer sat down on the deck next to the commander and passed him a bottle of spirits companionably. The commissariat was a tall, thin, cultured man but now he, like everyone else, was unwashed and unshaven. The water was too precious, and the space too open, for more than rudimentary hygiene. At least the swelling was going down and the angry cut down the left side of his face was becoming less livid. He was picking up another nervous twitch massaging the twisted fingers of his crippled had, but since he was full of small tics anyway Greg didn’t think it pained him.
“How can you tell?” Greg forced a smile, aware that two seconds before he had been swearing at his console.
“Policeman’s intuition.” Printer admitted dryly. “The captain mentioned that you were tracking Mr Hartley’s origins, and that entails working through the masses of red tape my department revels in. I find it difficult to understand why you didn’t simply ask me.” He smiled in what would have been a confiding way if they hadn’t both been so filthy and smelly.
“Not every prison warden would know the background of every prisoner in that much detail.” Greg pointed out. “I certainly didn’t know all of my crew’s. I’m getting there now.” He laughed ironically.
“It’s probably a similar theme. I don’t have many histories to recall any more. I admit, though, Mr Hartley slid completely under my attention until the evacuation began on Sheraton. The prison system is full to bursting at the moment and I was simply too busy.”
“I’ve heard the reports.” Mostly from Alex. He’d been incensed at the increase in crime the war had brought on. Greg vaguely recalled being told about protest rallies and petitions, but he hadn’t paid too much attention. In the fleet discipline was very simple, and it hadn’t seemed to him that Sheraton had really changed that much. “I guess it’s good we keep arresting people.” 
Printer laughed harshly. “We don’t arrest people any more, commander. That’s why the crime rate is soaring. The bastards know we’ve got nowhere to put them. Fangless, that’s what the commissariat is these days.”
“If you don’t arrest people why are…”
“The Tren, commander. Always the Tren. We can’t defend the borders we have, so colonisation had to stop. No new colonies means no prison planets to ship serious and repeat offenders to. The prisons were only built to hold people waiting for trial and small fry crooks, and now they have to hold everyone else as well. And then you have Joshua Hartley and his ilk.”
“Uh-huh. Says on his record he’s from Natilus, but that can’t be right.”
“Yes, it is.”
“Natilus is a prison planet.” 
“Yes.”
“At least two generations away from being green lit for normal people.”
“Yes.” Printer nodded patiently. “As it happens over a third of the Natilus population still die of various epidemics and they have an average life span of barely half the Alliance norm. The prisoners’ immune systems have a lot of evolving to do before we can properly harvest the anti-bodies. However, the system also happens to have rich ore deposits, and last year, after Cirius fell, it became the logical re-fuelling point between Shani and Myo. So it was green-lit a half century early.
“This had a two-fold effect on my prison community. Firstly, I lost another export site. Secondly, I got an influx of new inmates as the government decided we should clean the place up before sending law-abiding citizens to homestead there. Half of the Natilus population already have criminal records, and the remainder who were born there were raised without any law whatsoever. These are people no one ever intended to save. Without the war, Mr Hartley would have fit right in on Natilus, never bothered any of us and probably died of scrofula or somesuch in his early twenties.”
“Bummer for him.”
Printer chuckled and raised the bottle of spirits in a toast. “To Mr Hartley’s lucky break. He now has a warship to call his own.”
“You think he’s mad?”
“I think he’s a sociopath,” Printer agreed, “which is only to be expected. I’m rather surprised his mother bothered to teach him how to talk. She was an unrepentant fraudster herself with four minor convictions to her name. Non-violent, but that must have changed because she survived long enough to have two children in exile. Moral education would have been asking too much of her, I fear.”
“Great.” Greg took a long swig of the alcohol. “Well, I can deal with sociopaths.”
“Tread carefully.” Printer advised. “Don’t let him seduce you.”
“What?”
Printer shrugged. “It’s simple enough advice, commander, and if it’s entirely misplaced I apologise for my presumption. Keep things simple and professional on your side, because I assure you they’ll remain very cold on his.” He smiled deprecatingly. “I’m not unaware of Mr Hartley’s effect on most people, male and female, commander. I’ve watched him buying off other inmates with those pretty eyes of his. He teases and he isn’t at all keen on following through, but even so I was obliged to fire three guards, female as it happens, for falling for it. It’s by far his most successful, and frequent, defence strategy, and I strongly advise you not to play the game. Other than that, watch your back, try to sound like you know what you’re doing and hope that the ship is more in charge than the boy is.”
“Thanks. Would you like to do this?”
“Yes.” Printer said simply. “He’s my responsibility, really, but the captain has made it very plain that he disagrees. I will continue to try to convince him, but in the mean time I do have many other concerns. 250 people don’t look after themselves after all.”
“I reckon they don’t. Goodbye commissariat.” And I wonder why you’re being so damned helpful all of a sudden.

*

Printer checked the commander had returned to his screen before he turned left out of the command shuttle, quickly hiding himself behind the... baby liveship? Was it an infant or merely a smaller species? He waited for any sign he had been spotted, already berating himself for having taken such a risk (calculated as it was). Getting caught out would be, at best, severely embarrassing. 
But the perimeter guard were now thin on the deck and he made it to the ramp without raising an alarm. Of course the risks would be worse returning, but there was time to worry about that later.
It was warmer here and a heartening golden light filtered down the central well from a source he could not make out high above him. Somehow he had imagined that outside of human influence it would be cool and dark, like an unexplored cave, since the hangar was so vast it swallowed any heat they managed to generate. The ramp was also built to a large scale, but no more so than some of the grand staircases in government palaces. There was a grandeur to it that he found comforting. It was steep, though, and he made his way slowly and carefully upwards.
It was one thing to see how tall the balconies were and another to actually climb to them. By the time he peered out over the ledge he was breathless and grateful to sit down. My strength is not returned as quickly as it should, he thought. Not that he had much experience of recovery, but this continuing weakness was testing his patience.
He was required to sit anyway as the ledge wasn’t high enough to give cover for him upright. It was barely knee high and would present a serious trip hazard to the unwary, or in the dark. Carefully he placed his water bottle and a ration bar distant enough from him to be an obvious bribe and settled in to wait. 
The position was a good one for spying, which did not surprise him as Hartley would not be so fond of it otherwise. Seated he could still peer out over the parapet and watch most of the camp, excepting the parts underneath the overhang of the balcony around the infirmary and storeroom. Everything looked smaller from this angle. Not insignificant, but not the whole world either. The ring of pods which looked so imposing from the inside was revealed as barely a tenth the way to the vaulted ceiling and not even a quarter of the area. Even their noise was softened, acoustics being very poor with the walls so malleable and unresonant.
And that was just the ship’s midsection. It must be able to carry thousands at capacity. A whole township, assuming water, sanitation and proper furnishings could be arranged. Truly a prize worth keeping. Or perhaps better called a prize worth winning, since he was not sure they could truly be said to possess it as yet.
Some movement attracted his attention to the far side of the space, where his imperfect vision could just make out figures sliding away into the unknown darkness at the rear of the ship. He wasn’t the only one taking advantage of the crew’s distraction. He frowned. It would be hypocritical to judge (and indeed he would have to find out who they were and what they had discovered), but he hoped they had as much caution in the enterprise as he did. Had they thought to leave someone to raise an alarm if they didn’t return? He had precisely four hours before Riley came to look for him.
Josh moved into range, somewhere behind or above him probably, but Printer steeled himself not to look round. He pretended to watch lunch being served while his other senses were alert for company. Even so, if Josh decided to kill him he would likely get no warning. His agility should have diminished as the drugs wore off, but the others were showing some permanent advantages – more than enough to outmatch a feeble bureaucrat.
Two men sneaked across the starboard deck below him, scurrying though the gap between the shuttles and then strolling with a display of nonchalance towards the mess. That made seven breaches of the perimeter, including his own. Certainly more that he hadn’t seen. His frown deepened. Perhaps that was out of hand. Soon the lay people would know more about the ship than he did. He could bulk up Arman’s troops with trusted men – if the captain would allow it. He feared that Arman would prefer to draw back into his shell and that couldn’t be permitted either.
“They didn’t go far.” Josh said lightly.
Printer started. The boy was already sitting to his right, with his back against the ledge copying Printer’s own position. He looked dreadful - even skinnier than he had been before his escape, pale with a slick of fever sweat across his forehead and his deep-set eyes were red-rimmed. He took a ration bar with his closer left hand, tore it open with his teeth and proceeded to stuff it into his mouth while Printer was still analysing. “Not so fast.” he cautioned instinctively. “You’ll throw it up again.”
Josh paused, and went back to his chewing with more restraint. He put the bar down half eaten to take a swig from the cantina, still left handed. He was ambidextrous (one of many attributes which had recommended him to the program, though disposability had been the main driver), but he normally favoured his right. Printer revised his initial opinion that he had been presented with the weaker side as a show of confidence. The left obviously was, currently, the stronger side.
“There is no food elsewhere on Jethabel?” he prompted, trying to keep the paternal tone he normally affected with youthful prisoners. They didn’t fall for it, of course, but they tended to find it hard to physically rebel against, being more inclined to stroppy yelling. Meeting and returning safely was all he hoped for today. He didn’t expect to learn anything concrete. The exercise was more to renew acquaintance. Hopefully to reposition himself as an ally.
Josh shook his head. “Rotted. Water s’ok. Bit of a walk for the clean stuff, but I can walk now.” He spoke in a matter-of-fact manner, with no betrayal of the anxiety that must have plagued him through what should have been a visceral, brutal withdrawal process. He screamed at his nightmares on normal nights – he had no need of fever to amplify them, but he had plenty of practise at shrugging them off as well.
“You didn’t tell them I was sick?”
Was that a hint of grudging gratitude? “There is no medicine left that could have helped you.”
Josh nodded. He took another bite of the bar. “They could have taken me.”
Printer shrugged. “Yes, probably. But it would have served no purpose.” To me, anyway. I can’t get any more out of you in the captain’s custody than I can now. “Jethabel would have made them let you go.”
Josh did not look so sure. Curious. Was he replaceable then? Or so irreplaceable the ship could be blackmailed over his safety. Perhaps it was nothing but Josh’s own paranoia showing through.
“The ship’s captain is in charge?” 
Printer nodded and Josh grimaced. “You’d prefer it were me?”
“We’re sitting here polite enough, me with a full stomach. You could be worse, commissariat.”
Yes. I have stood and watched while researchers strapped you down and shot poison into your veins. I was worse when it was you in my power. 
“I know you. Will the captain come after me?”
Printer shook his head gently. “That would be too great a risk. Arman will send someone else to fetch you. Sooner, I should think. He’s desperate to know where we’re going.”
Josh blinked. “Why? It’s none of his business.”
Printer laughed. Too loudly. He hastily checked over his shoulder that he hadn’t been heard below before continuing in a muted tone. “Josh, it’s the concern of everyone on board where we are headed. These people want to find a safe port and get on with their lives. They have family and friends to locate. They are prisoners here, with no end to their sentence if Jethabel won’t let them off.”
“Oh. I hadn’t thought of it like...” His head rose as though he were listening and he fell silent. This hadn’t been unusual even before he had been jacked into a computer. Attention was another scarce resource he used up strictly when necessary, frequently lapsing into depressed inertia when not threatened. Printer watched patiently until he re-surfaced.
“Our destination has changed. Jethabel has been sleeping a long time and the world we were going to is no longer safe.”
“It must be confusing for him”
“Yes. I had no idea there were so many worlds, or how far apart they are.” He shivered. “We’re so small, but hunters find us so easily.”
“Hunters?”
Josh shrugged. “I have to go. Have I told you enough to pay for the food?”
“Yes.” He would not like to be left feeling beholden. “Is there anything else you need?”
“Yes.” He smiled suddenly, though in cunning rather than merriment. “But I will ask for that when they come to fetch me back. Then I won’t be surrendering. Will it be the grey-eyed officer who comes, if it won’t be the captain?”
“It isn’t my decision, but yes it’s likely to be Commander Hawthorne.” This pleased Josh too much. It was his instinct to find a bigger, stronger protector and apparently Jethabel did not suit that role. Neither did Printer himself – he wasn’t possessive enough. Hawthorne was the obvious target. Of course, Printer was already taking steps to ensure Hawthorne didn’t overtake him as ally of choice. “I warned him against your tricks. I thought you would enjoy a challenge.” And I can bribe you just as well with games as I can with food.
Josh actually laughed. “Good. I cheat enough without surprise on my side.” He pushed himself to his feet, still one-handed. “I shall be seeing you around then, Mr Printer.”
“Have fun, Mr Hartley.” He remained seated until he was sure the boy was safely out of sight before starting his own attentive retreat. There was a lot to think over, not least Josh’s new found ability to think beyond the moment. But he had not changed too much. He hadn’t asked if they needed anything from him. 
 
Chapter 15

Day Nine

“That commissariat wants something from me.” Greg groused irritably, coming from yet another seemingly accidental run in with Printer. It was a confined base, but still... “I wish he’d just spit it out.”
“He’s a jackass.” Ashley told him. The chief engineer lay on a bed rigged from escape pod seats, not much more than three cushions taped together. Greg sat hunched up on the deck while he talked to her. Mirehead had found a small (by Jethabel’s immense standards) sub-chamber of the sickbay for her to stay in, one of a dozen or so connected (as far as Hazel could tell) only to the triage area. It wasn’t very private because the doorway had been wedged open but if they spoke carefully Greg was sure the doctor would make sure they weren’t overheard.
“He doesn’t like the captain.” Trimp continued. “Or rather, he doesn’t like the idea that the captain is in charge and will stay that way until we can contact command, which we can’t. So he’s priming you as a go-between. Standard commissariat tactics. Seen it a dozen times. They always go for the second-in-command.”
“Thanks. Good to know it’s nothing personal.” Greg laughed. “He demanded an office this morning. Said that as the captain had designated himself one, the civvies should have somewhere to go as well.”
“What did Arman say?”
“He said he can have his pick when we find one, but there are no current plans to move the perimeter further back and go looking.”
“Damn stubborn man.” Ashley laughed, and broke off with a cough. She tilted her head slightly and Greg collected the spittle. It was clear today, a sign that her lungs were recovering. “What did you really come by for, commander? Not that I don’t appreciate the company. Don’t get out much anymore.”
“I’ve been told.” Ashley wasn’t going anywhere for months. Mirehead had amputated her right leg at the knee and sprayed sealant over more or less the whole of her body. Her lungs were recovering from the heat damage, but there was no mistaking the faint smell of infection in the burns. If it hadn’t been Ashley, the doctor would have let her die a week ago rather than wasting his painkillers.
“I need to know about this ship.” He considered telling her the truth, that Ramsay had dropped a hint, and backed down on a convenient scapegoat. “Hazel put me on to you.”
“Really? I thought he’d been busy snooping around all this time.”
“He has been, and he and Dregor are getting closer to understanding how the systems work. What I was after was more historical. Do you remember your first tour of Sheraton? Was the ship there then?”
“You kidding? I did a fly-by in my training.” She smiled reminiscently. “In those days ships still had windows. Well, they did if they didn’t need to break light-speed. Got a good look. It was a bit of a tourist attraction then, but there were eight or nine of them in flight range so nothing special. It didn’t look to me in any better repair than the others.”
“So that was what - twenty years ago?”
“More or less.”
“Yeah, that’s what I thought. So it was adrift for at least twenty years, probably closer to fifty when Sheraton was green-lit.” He shook his head. “I don’t get why no one pulled it in before, or did any exploring, and why it picked now to jet off somewhere.”
“Hell, Greg, I explored it. Not this one I don’t think, but a couple of others. It was like pot-holing in space. Half the teenagers on Sheraton will have been on one or other derelict. It stopped with the war.” She cackled. “It stopped when the Dresus reeled one in for official survey more like. Wasn’t anywhere near as much fun after that. Not so illicit anymore. There must have been hundreds of kids through here over the years. I wouldn’t be surprised if you find piles of litter in the corners – I’ve left a few odds and ends myself from various camping trips. But I’ve never heard of a ship coming awake. Nasty accidents, of course. This kid got lost, that one got shot by a redundant defence system, that kind of thing. Myths – there was never an actual name attached. I always figured it was to add to the excitement.”
“Apparently not.”
“You don’t say. Anyway, I don’t know what we did to piss this one off. Maybe there were just too many of us. Maybe it didn’t like being shot at.” Her clear, slightly dilated eyes caught his gaze. “Maybe there’s something seriously unique about this Joshua Hartley.”
“Or maybe it just got bored.” Greg grimaced. Hartley didn’t have a normal background by any stretch, but he found it hard to believe he was better suited to anything than a whole generation of other kids before him. “Thanks Ashley. It helps.”
“Glad to hear it. Come back tomorrow Ok?”
“I come by every day, Ashley.”
“Yeah. A girl could almost think crew welfare was part of your job description. Oh wait…”
“It is.” Greg agreed with a laugh. He spotted Mirehead loitering in the doorway, pretending not to want to interrupt. “And I have a couple of other invalids like you on the list this morning, so I’ll catch you later.” He gave Ashley a friendly squeeze on the shoulder and joined the doctor. “She’s not getting worse, is she?” he whispered. Ashley probably wasn’t eavesdropping, but it didn’t hurt to be careful.
“That’s a stupid question.” Mirehead shook his head sadly. “When she gets worse she’ll be dead, and I’ll let you know then. No. Something else has come up. An assault.”
“Talk to Printer.” Greg replied automatically. All civilian discipline was sent to the commissariat. He seemed to enjoy the sense of power, and Arman and Greg were busy enough without trying to deal with it. Unless it was over the supplies or the perimeter, when it was definitely their purview. Mirehead hadn’t turned away. “It wasn’t one of ours was it?”
“No. Well, not in so many words.” The doctor pointed over his sickbay at the patient. She was civilian, in her mid-forties with mid-length pale blonde hair. She was lying on one of the jerry-rigged beds with her arms wrapped in gauze and bruises darkening almost her entire face. Greg wasn’t sure where he’d seen her before. Packed tight as they were he must have run into her at some point but she wasn’t very recognisable right now.
“One of ours did it?” he ventured.
“Mr Hartley did it. Or so she claims. I will need to tell Printer – it’s his jurisdiction - but I thought you might want to have first dibs.”
“You thought right.” Greg agreed. “Is it worse than it looks?”
Mirehead shrugged wearily. “She’ll live. Broke a couple of ribs, but other than that it’s skin deep.”
“Good.” Puzzling, but good. She didn’t look like she could have escaped on her own. “Was she helped away?”
“I didn’t ask, Greg. I’m not in that line of work. If you want to know, she’s right over there. I’ll be with Ashley if you need me.”
Greg scowled, but obediently left the doctor to his work. He was right – he had other priorities, but standard procedure should have made him take at least an overview statement. If the woman had died they’d have had nothing but Mirehead’s useless hearsay. Besides, when he wasn’t worn to the bone Mirehead had a knack for making patients comfortable and trusting which Greg simply couldn’t replicate. He felt like a shy colt as he made his way over to the victim’s bed and was rewarded by an equal discomfort on her part as he fumbled into a chair. “So,” he began awkwardly, “what’s your name?”
“Bethany Patrick. What’s yours?” Her voice was quiet, a product of the shallow breath beneath her broken ribcage. He detected a Sheraton accent underneath the pain, south of the city he thought. Probably a farmer of some sort then.
“Commander Hawthorne.” She blinked in surprise at his rank and seemed to be flattered. Deciding she was basically decent and that he could empathise with her background a little, Greg began to relax into the task. He risked lightening the tone a bit. “I hear you had a run in with our escaped felon.”
“Yeah. I have all the luck.” She closed her eyes. “Have they found Kate yet?”
“Kate?”
“My friend.” she explained sadly. “My new friend, I should say. It’s not like I knew her before our world ended. She just came up to me a few days ago and said I looked like we have a lot in common. And it turns out we do get on ok.” 
She stopped but Greg just waited her out and after a time she went on. “We were exploring together. For someplace the kids could get some quiet, out of the way of the soldiers and the guns. I only have one with me, but she’s got three and Greta, who’s watching them for us today, she’s got two of her own. And I thought… I thought there couldn’t be anything dangerous in the back of the ship. I mean, I know the front has a lot of traps, but the psycho was there. He wasn’t in the back…”
Greg bridled at the venom she put into “psycho” and had to remind himself that she had a right to be angry. “So you circumvented the perimeter and went exploring round the other side of the hangar?” He tried to sound sympathetic, but the words came out harshly anyway. He hated baby-sitting civvies at the best of times. They disregarded even the simplest of commands and the most basic safety procedures.
“I know. It was stupid.” She moaned. She couldn’t cry - the meds over her face prevented it – but she was certainly trying.“But it’s been so quiet here since the Tren left, and he’s just one man in miles of ship. What were the chances of him running across us?”
Depends how good his internal sensors are, he thought. If he and the ship really wanted to hunt you down I bet it was a dead cert. “You were unlucky.” he said. “But that’s no excuse to be careless. This isn’t a cruise ship.”
She nodded. “I know. Gods, I knew. I just didn’t think. Kate’s dead, isn’t she.”
“I doubt it.” he lied. “We’ll find her. She’s probably just lost in the aft sections somewhere. She ran away from him, didn’t she?”
“Yes.” Bethany cheered up at the thought. “It… It was me who started the trouble. He was just minding his own business. He was up to his elbows in filth leaking from the walls, and it looked like he was trying to make repairs. I thought he must be one of your men.”
“He wasn’t wearing his prison uniform?”
“No! Well, yes he was. It was torn off in places and stained almost everywhere, so it wasn’t obviously a jailbird jumpsuit but looking back I can see that it was. In hindsight I don’t know how I could be so stupid, but I just wasn’t paying attention I guess. He was so pretty.” She sighed. “Kate told me not to be silly. What would a guy like him want a sack like me for, she said. But I didn’t listen. I went over to flirt, like I was a love-sick girl again. It’s not like me. I mean, I’ve been married thirteen years, but he was just…”
“I’ve met him.” the commander said dryly. “I know exactly what you mean.”
“Good. It’s so hard to explain, because now I think back on it I can’t remember the reasons. He’s too skinny to be that great a catch and he smelled like an open cess pool.” She sighed heavily. “It must have been his eyes. Beautiful eyes.” She shook her head to clear the image away. Greg wished he found it as simple. “I guess I was imposing myself on him, but from the way he reacted you’d think I was trying to rape him. I barely touched him, and he was…” She trailed off. It wasn’t necessary to say anymore. Her bruises told the story.
“He attacked you.” Greg prompted as sympathetically as he could manage. 
“He’s a maniac!” She humphed, hurt her chest and sank back coughing. After a few moments recovery she went on more calmly. “I gave him no cause for this, commander. Maybe I was being too forward and deserved a spiteful comment or two, but surely someone that attractive is used to women making fools of themselves over him.” She sighed again. “And I do feel foolish. Kate was smarter. She actually had her brain in gear and hung back, but when he went for me she must have come to help. I didn’t see her, but someone pulled him off me. I didn’t black out, I swear, but I was winded and surprised, and by the time I pulled myself together they were nowhere to be seen. Kate dropped her torch and it’s very dark back there, and I was in no condition to search, so I came back for help. But your men just brought me here. They wouldn’t even send anyone out after her.”
“The perimeter is just as binding for them as it should have been for you.” Greg pointed out. And the other woman would have been long gone by the time Bethany got herself home in that state. “We’re grateful for the statement though, and we will try to get Kate back. We just need to be prepared and know what we’re going up against before we go after her.”
“Really?” Bethany smiled slightly. “Oh. I guess I hadn’t thought of that. You’ll tell me when you find her?”
“You’re in the first place we’ll come.” Greg nodded. He wished that wasn’t so pessimistic, but she didn’t seem to notice. In fact, she was drifting off. 

Day Eleven

This is no way to run an office, Printer thought, not for the first time. Barker was an efficient enough secretary and generally the daily hearings ran on schedule and kept good order, but there was nothing he could do about the setting. Everything had to be done in an open hearing. Worse, an open entertainment on a ship otherwise starved of incident. It severely restricted Printer’s ability to temper the message to suit the audience.
This afternoon Printer was ostensibly adjudicating over a boundary dispute. Each man claimed ownership of a particular strip of the deck (which patently could not be “owned” by either party) and they had come to blow about it yesterday. Both had spent the night in the brig, but it hadn’t persuaded them of the nonsense of their squabble so here they were wasting everyone’s time. Even their current appeals to him seemed more focused on the other’s irritating habits – particularly snoring – than their official complaint.
He let them bicker for ten minutes then held up a hand for silence. “Both of your claims are rejected.” he declared. “The hangar area is communal property and belongs to each of you equally.”
One man sagged in defeat, but the other bristled in objection. Printer noted that. It was always good to remember which instigated trouble and which merely took the bait. “The uniforms have their own space!”
True, and I do sympathise with the injustice. You would be getting a more lenient treatment were I able to dispense it in private. Unfortunately Arman is not so caring. It’s a work in progress. “The crew have designated operational areas, which is expected on any vessel.”
“They have a barracks!”
“Which is also a communal area, within their ranks. They don’t have individual quarters.” The rank and file don’t anyway. Some of the officers might, but you’re not allowed out of the hangar to check, so it doesn’t actually matter. “As more areas of the ship are secured, of course I will be looking to assign private quarters according to requirements.”
This seemed to mollify even the budding insurgent. It pleased the ring of spectators as well, which was the more important point. He hoped it was a promise he would be able to keep, now they had forced him to stake his reputation on it. He wished he had the manpower to lock these two morons up for longer, but instead he sentenced them to alternating shifts in the laundry. At least they could avoid each other’s snoring. 
“That closes proceedings for today, sir.” Barker hustled forward to take back his case notes after Printer had finished scrawling his judgements and initialling. He missed his left hand then. It was a slow process to write legibly with no table and no supporting hand. Still, another day of “court” was over and Barker could take his little circus away for now. 
What would we do if we needed a proper trial? Something too serious to be held on the open deck. Printer levered himself off the floor and headed towards the brig. Presumably Arman would have to cave in at that point and allow him a private audience space. Or perhaps he would invoke a military court. It was impossible to guess, and Printer was not curious enough to incite a crime to find out. The assault of Ms Patrick was not going to count. Josh was beyond either of their jurisdictions.
Riley was amusing himself with a solitaire dice game. He spent his rare off-time trying to win money from the refugees but he wasn’t having much luck since they didn’t have much to lose. “You’re back early.” he commented dryly.
“Hopefully it will be a new trend. We are through the backlog now.”
“Good. Better things for you to be doing than that petty stuff. A few nights in the cells would sort it.”
“I see you are a lover of procedure.” 
Riley laughed. “Not me, guv. Lock them up and toss me the key.” He glanced round briefly. “H blew his whistle.”
Printer sat down carefully, close enough to converse in whispers. So, Josh had sent a message for the private comm. Riley had left on the balcony. He had left several days worth of cold rations as well (saved by shorting the prisoners a little). Enough that hunger shouldn’t be making Josh desperate yet. “What tune was he playing?”
“He wants a star chart, of all things. Bit worrying actually.”
Indeed. I had assumed the ship knew where it was going. Also, I don’t have one. “This will take a bit of thought.”
“But not a lot of time. Next window through the perimeter is in thirty eight minutes. After that it’s meal time and you’re looking at an hour or more.”
Printer nodded reluctantly. Josh wouldn’t wait that long. “I will have to take this myself, I think.” Riley was less easily missed than he was, and better at sneaking, but this could be a delicate point.“I will tell Barker to hold my calls.”
It was only Printer’s second time beyond the perimeter, though he now had more experience of the ship’s innards from various visits to Arman’s office at the farthest end of their exploration. He was surprised at how normal and familiar a mere week and a half could make such an alien landscape feel. There was almost no adrenalin to sting his throat as he skirted behind the guard patrol and ducked up the long, wide ramp. 
Josh had moved into sensor range twenty minutes ago, presumably waiting at the normal spot. Had he also counted when the gaps in the patrol were? Printer would not put it past him. Breaking in was not so different from breaking out. Either way, it would not do to keep him waiting. His patience was not legendary. So Printer tried to keep a good pace despite the steepness of the climb and reached the top breathless and cramped. He scuttled across to the cover of the ledge and took a sip from the cantina left there as he waited for his body to come back to order.
It took him a few seconds to make Josh out. He had chosen to stay back in the half shadows and face Printer directly. Not as brazenly confident as sitting side by side, potentially more aggressive. He was looking markedly healthier today, despite a set of bruises over his bare upper arms (products of the scuffle with Ms Keeler, presumably). He’d found a fresh set of clothes, rust coloured dungarees not from Eleisus’ supplies. A few days of food and he had gained a bit of colour if not weight. Unless that was due to heightened emotion – his expression had regained its fire as well.
“Did she die?” he began.
“Which one?”
“The one that got back to you.”
“No, she didn’t.” He considered mentioning the suffering caused to Ms Patrick’s young daughter, or even to Ms Keeler’s children, but decided against it. Josh did not look in the mood to be lectured to, and would not admit to guilt even if he did feel it. “Did the other one die?”
“Yes.” Josh hesitated slightly. Printer braced himself for a barrage of furious self-justifications, but what he got was an almost apologetic shrug. “We don’t have the lights on outside of the hangar. I don’t need them, and there isn’t enough power to run them all. It was dark, and she fell.”
Printer frowned. “She tripped?” That was less dramatic than he had been expecting.
“No. She ran off the deck and fell into the coolant system. Took me ages to find where she’d washed up.” He fished in his pocket (still left-handed, Printer noted) and pulled out an id pass. “Do you need this back? I guess you want to log it. Add it to my charge sheet and all the rest.”
Of course I need it back for the log, the death certificate, her children’s care orders... And then I can explain to Arman how I came by it. “I think we can call that an accident. You didn’t push her after all, did you Josh?”
“No.” Josh gave a relieved smile and visibly relaxed, squirreling the id back into his pocket. “I thought I was in trouble again.”
Printer stifled the urge to explain. It wouldn’t do to train a political awareness in the boy, although it was strange that the ship itself showed such naivety. Even if he had wanted to charge Josh, there was no witness to deny the claim of accidental death. They could press Ms Patrick’s assault, but that would hardly add a month to the twenty year sentence he should be serving already. “Well, that’s sorted then.”
“You said the grey-eyed officer would come.” Josh pouted slightly. “We need things from him.”
“Riley gave me the message. A star chart?”
“You cannot refuse.”
Cannot? There’s surely no benefit in refusing, but “cannot”? “I was a little puzzled that you needed one. Jethabel’s sensors seem very impressive.”
Josh smiled, as he always did when the ship was complimented. Did he think of that as affection? It certainly wasn’t a forced relationship. “They are good, but not good enough to navigate by.”
“This second planet you were going to is also inhabited?” 
“We don’t know. The way is blocked. It seems to be a mine field, or maybe a sensor array. We’re not sure, but it’s covering a large area on Jethabel’s normal route.”
The border has moved many times in the past decade. There could be dozens of no man’s lands two weeks’ flight from Sheraton. Not to mention training ranges. “Which planet is it?”
“We don’t know what you would call it. Jethabel has no name for it, only pictures.”
“I can see that would be problematic.”
“Very. Is it safe to ask the captain for a chart? He’s alone a lot now, and I can get in and out of his place without being seen.”
That would be setting a bad precedent, though. “He’s a strong man.” Printer tried to sound doubtful. Arman wasn’t strong enough to handle Josh alone – none of the unenhanced crew were. But he would certainly try if Josh surprised him in his office. “Besides, I have something better to give you.” He tossed a small box Josh’s way. “A signal decoder.”
“A signal decoder.” Josh repeated slowly, as though it were a foreign language. He turned the box over dubiously. “What does it do?”
“It translates what other ships are saying.” Printer explained. “If it is an old mine field, for example, there should be warning messages coming from it. Or you could tell where a ship was going, or whether they were hunting for you.” 
Josh’s gaze lifted at the word “hunt”, as Printer had expected, and then his eyes glazed over as they thought it through. Printer tried not to hold his breath, knowing that this wasn’t really what the ship had asked for. Finally the boy nodded. “It will do, if it works.”
“I thought it might.” Though I see you aren’t offering to pay for it. “Is there anything else you need?”
“I miss sex.” Josh admitted with disarming frankness. He wasn’t trying to be attractive so Printer knew it wasn’t a personal request and felt free to laugh. “Well, I do. Not enough to walk into the hangar and be jumped on, but a little bit. We’re always on our own at the moment.” 
“That you’ll have to sort out on your own.”
Josh sniffed huffily. “Well, I have to give this to Jethabel. I’ll call you again if it doesn’t work, or if we still can’t find anything.”
Printer allowed himself a smile. Some progress on the alliance, at least.

Chapter 16

Day Fourteen

“When we docked in Sheraton I had a crew complement of 279. Now I have 42.” Arman snorted derisively. “And no ship.”He stood stiffly upright on the malleable black deck and glared at his second in command. Hawthorne grimaced but wisely decided not to interrupt. He did, however, glance warningly at the open entrance. Closed doors nearly disappeared into the walls and you needed a scanner to find them again – aside from which none had any discernable control panel – so the risk of a lock-in was immense. Arman had ordered Hazel to do a sweep and prop open every doorway he could, but they had to assume he hadn’t found them all. It was an unhappy mixture – they had no confidentiality but also no security.
“Damn things a warren.” He muttered, lowering his tone. Eavesdroppers were a minor concern compared to defensibility, but to be avoided nonetheless. Beyond the hangar bays Jethabel’s innards were not so much rooms as miles of corridor with some unusually wide stretches separated by valves. It was like living in the plumbing.
He was satisfied that sickbay and stores, though complex and multi-levelled labyrinths, were at least cul-de-sacs with no entrances other than the through the hangar. You could get lost inside either of them, but you couldn’t breach the perimeter. He wasn’t so sure of the chambers branching off this “arterial” corridor. There hadn’t been time enough to properly explore them. He regretted allowing off-duty crew to bunk in the largest complex. It expanded down into the unsecured lower levels where sensors were dodgy and that should have warned him off. But everyone needed some privacy. As much as they could get with all of the doors wedged open.
He had moved his own stuff here, to the smallest offshoot. A single oval room merely twice his height and six yards across. His meagre possessions were dwarfed by the expanse of plain, dark deck and he had spent his rest period pacing the walls searching for hidden doorways and finding nothing.
“Mirehead believes she was happy to leave, sir,” Hawthorne said diffidently, bringing him back to the subject he was avoiding, “and I agree with him. She would have been crippled even if the infection hadn’t set in.”
“Ashley Trimp was the best engineer I ever flew with.” Arman banged his fists off the wall hard. “She would have got this bucket sussed by now. And she deserved better than to die in it.”
“Yes, sir.” Hawthorne agreed sadly. He’d only served one tour with Ashley, but a frigate command crew was a tight knit unit and he would miss her. But not a lot. You couldn’t afford to spare much grief for every officer lost to the cause. To Arman, though, Ashley was as familiar as his insignia. He’d brought her with him to this command, as he’d recommended her for the post before. She had known his ways and how he wanted things done. But now, like so many of her comrades, she was dead and there would be another funeral tomorrow before Mirehead reduced her body to protein to supplement the emergency rations carried in the escape pods. The attrition to infection in the past fortnight had made an appreciable difference to their food shortage, though it hadn’t alleviated it.
“Doctor reports no one else is critical, sir.” Hawthorne ventured optimistically. “Bethany Patrick was released this morning and the remaining patients are doing well. In fact he hopes for a 100 percent survival from now on. Apart from possibly himself. He’s dead on his feet. I ordered him to take twenty-four hours and drafted Elise to play nurse.”
Arman nodded. He’d suggested such a move before handing the shift over to Hawthorne and taking the four hour bunk time he had wasted prowling and was now chasing away with coffee. He generally preferred tea, but that wasn’t a standard ingredient of subsistence rations and Eleisus had run short months back. He still grimaced every time he was forced to sip the harsher beverage everyone else was addicted to. “Security?” he prompted Hawthorne to go on with the command changeover report.
“No major incidents. The kitchen had a small brawl at breakfast when someone wanted more than ration, but nothing Sanders couldn’t cope with. Perimeter remains unchallenged, but we picked up three civvie groups on the upper level where they didn’t belong so we must still have gaps in the line for them to sneak through. They only went about a hundred yards and were back within the hour. Other than them, sensors detect no life-signs outside the perimeter.”
The captain grunted sourly. “Since we know there’s at least one out there that’s hardly comforting. Assuming Ms Keeler is dead, which she ought to be by now.”
“Yes, sir. Joshua Hartley remains unaccounted for. Dregor and Hazel are working on it but they can’t get any readings from the deck below us forward of the lower hangar, not even the lower barracks until they shoved a remote array down there, or from most of this deck forward of Ops or aft of the hangar. They have managed to scan three decks above us to the outer hull forward and aft. If you define ‘deck’ with a bit of flexibility. They only counted the ones with arterial corridors. There are dozens of sub-deck levels in between. The sensors can’t cope with the detail until they’re on so fine a resolution you can’t fit the whole on the screen.” He shrugged. “It’s still hazy but we’re working on the theory that all the vital systems are below us.”
“It’s not good enough commander.”
“No sir!” Hawthorne hesitated. “We might get more if we interface a pod with the ship brain.” 
“We might even get our course and location if we do that, but it’s too risky.” Arman rubbed the back of his close shaven scalp wearily. “I don’t like it, but we have to accept that this ship has us under its thumb. The last we heard from it was that our interfaces hurt it, and we can’t offend our host. It murdered half of us without a qualm.” He shook his head almost in admiration of the ruthlessness. “If we get above ourselves we might be breathing vacuum.”
“True.” Hawthorne said in a tone which plainly begged to differ. He’d grown bold since their humiliation, but then Arman didn’t cut such an imposing figure anymore and he knew it. He felt Ashley’s ghost settling down with the others of recent days, offering him a misty drink, asking when he was coming to join them... He had always considered his victories hard won, but hard lost was proving so much worse. Bullied by his own second...
“We can’t just sit here captain. Jethabel’s been on the move for ten days now. We don’t know which direction, we don’t know how fast, and we don’t know why.” Hawthorne struggled for words and fell back on the learned-by-rote officer’s manual. “We’ve done the inventories sir, and the provisions won’t hold out long enough to get us back to our space if we don’t stop soon. We have to take control of the ship.”
“This “ship” is an alien.” Arman shuddered in revulsion. “It either has a mind of its own or it’s run by a teenage psychopath we can’t find. I have forty two crew and almost half of them are injured. We can’t take this ship, commander. We don’t know how and we wouldn’t have the resources if we did.”
“What choice do we have?” 
“Now that’s childish petulance.” Hawthorne bridled, holding his tongue with difficulty. “As is arguing for the fast death over the slow. We try to take Hartley, unprepared and outgunned – he wins, he kills us all. We need a better plan of attack than to grope blindly and cross our fingers. Ramsay is proving helpful at last.”
Hawthorne grimaced. “Ramsay had more to do with putting us here as Hartley did, and he’s just as mad.”
“Of course he is, but he’s mad in a predictable way, commander. And he’s already in our power, which makes all the difference.” It would have been a comfort to be able to independently verify anything the Tren said, but Arman was too irritated to admit his doubts to his second.
Hawthorne had no response to that, so he resumed his repetitive by the book summary in a gratingly patient tone. “We have nine escape pods with enough air to carry half of us for a bare week. If we steal Jethabel’s short range craft we could maybe carry all of us with a reasonable chance of survival and rescue. Except that we don’t have a pilot worthy of the title and we could be months away from civilisation if Jethabel’s propulsion is as far advanced as its armour.”
“Let’s assume for the moment that it is.” the captain said dryly. The guns had certainly looked impressive enough, if he could ever lay his hands on them, and the little guys had proven themselves nippy in close quarters. “But we’re still better to take our chances with our own damn machines.” 
“Perhaps we could put it to a vote.” Printer suggested smoothly. He ducked inside the office without asking permission, smiling as though he belonged there.
“We do not vote.” Arman said coldly. Hawthorne straightened his shoulders to a stiff attention, making a show of approving of what he probably actually thought was a disgraceful tone to take with their most useful ally. In his fairer moments even Arman conceded this particular policeman was undeserving of the contempt heaped upon him, but years of frustration honed by dealing with the rest of the breed kept his nose in the mud anyway. “This is a military ship.”
Printer barked a laugh. “Your ship is gone, captain. So much scrap metal drifting in the void now the Tren are done with her. We’ve left her light years behind by now. Your crew are badly outnumbered. How do you plan to keep 250 civilians under your thumb now their shock has worn off? Can you stop them wanting their own space, their privacy, their sense of ownership? They will start to spread, captain.” He laughed again, a sharp remorseless sound. “It has already begun. I saw some drifting along the first balcony this morning, and others dodging your precious perimeter to try the other side of the hangar again. Fourteen days of peace and they are quite willing to believe their new home is safe to explore. Despite the disappearance of Kate Keeler, I might add.”
“It is not safe.” the captain said flatly, ignoring the twinge of guilt he felt at the name. It wasn’t safe to send a rescue party. No one had argued with that, but since it had been his call the blood was his to bear. 
“You don’t know that. Or rather, you can’t prove that. Your every instinct tells you there is danger, but the only evidence emerging to support you is a single assault by a man we already know about. The ship itself is deceptively harmless.” He smiled wryly. “I can sympathise with the condition.”
“We will stay near the hangar with the escape pods.” Arman told him firmly.
“Then we will die just as surely as those we left behind, only more slowly.” Printer stepped further into the room, drawing the officers into a conspiratorial huddle almost against their will. “If you are seen to be doing nothing, people will grow impatient. This is the greatest rule of politics – never stall. Always give them something to talk about. Even u-turns and random gestures are better than silence. As we do nothing the more adventurous start wandering off in search of treasure – food, water, weapons or technology. Mrs Keeler was the first, but there are others getting braver by the day. 
He made eye-contact to check they were following him. Not the most subtle operator Arman had ever dealt with, but effective. You could see the strings he played with, but could you cut them? Some, perhaps, but not all. He had the sinking feeling – not this one. Hawthorne was already dropping his loyal act to side with the bureaucrat.
“What I recommend is a show of action. Moving out here calmed them for a week, now it is time for the next move. It doesn’t have to be much. Just enough that they can see progress without us needing to reveal the true inroads I am sure your lieutenants are making in Ops. Release a few harmless statistics on volume and resources. Organise a demonstration of some basic functions, such as the doors, things most of them have already figured out. Send a team to survey the rest of the ship, perhaps.”
“You just want the technology.” Arman spat. “Take it back to your superiors and beg for advancement.”
“What I want is to survive.” Printer flared back. He drew himself up proudly. “Sooner or later someone will go snooping and at least your men are trained and far less likely to blunder into harm than curious civilians.”
“Seless and Hazel would be willing, sir.” Hawthorne volunteered. If he felt remorse for the lie he didn’t show it. Martha would certainly be up for a mission as soon as Mirehead gave his permission, but Hazel was well entrenched in Ops and with Ramsay. There would be no more knowledge stripped out of the Tren is Hazel was re-assigned. He was irreplaceable. Which was also why he would have to go. “You never know, we might find something useful. Hartley admitted the ship needed air, and things that breathe generally need water as well.”
Arman grimaced. “I don’t like it. It’s a waste of precious manpower on a useless gesture. This ship is huge – we have more deck area per person in the eighth of a deck inside the perimeter than the Eleisus had all told when we left Sheraton. Three or four times as much.”
“That’s only because we were packed like sardines, sir, and there were twice as many of us then.” Hawthorne pointed out.
The captain waved away the criticism. “I suppose your tactic has been working for generations, Printer.” He put on the facetious tone of a low level bureaucrat. “Of course we’ll colonise new farmland for you, Mr Smith. Just wait a century or so while we drop a few thousand human lab-rats down to check it’s safe first.”
“I appreciate the thought, sir.” Hawthorne said diffidently. 
Arman chuckled despite himself and waved a brief apology. “Fine. I don’t like it. I don’t like this whole place, with its constant breeze, its weird plumbing noises or its changing schematics. Give me a ship where the doors stay put, the computer obeys commands and the captain has a chair.” He sighed heavily. “I miss my chair. I miss my bed. This thing had a crew once. Surely there’s a piece of furniture, decoration, some sign it was lived in somewhere.”
“I shall add it to the search list, sir.”
“Don’t mock me commander.” Arman levelled a flat look at him, pointedly avoiding looking at Printer’s small smile at all. “Between your arguments, I have seen the sense of the thing so be gracious. Take Hazel and Seless and chart this deck forward. Just this deck for now. It’s big enough to occupy your time and the last thing we want is to lose track of you.” 
“Yes sir.” Hawthorne saluted. He had no intention of sticking to that restriction, and the captain knew and expected that, but they both pretended it would be adhered to. If they were lucky Printer would believe it and stop pestering about anything else they found. “So you don’t want us to search for Mrs Keeler? That would be in the aft section.”
“I don’t give a damn about the aft section. We have the breadth of the hangar to warn us if anything crawls out of there, and only a few paces of tight corridor at the forward edge. If she’s still alive she can rot there.”
“Commander,” Printer added, “if you find Hartley please remember he is still one of my charges. I would like him back in custody, alive if at all possible.”
Hawthorne gave him a drop-jawed looked of incredulity before he got his mind back in gear to offer a non-committal “I really don’t think it will be, but I’ll bear it in mind.” He offered a quick salute and was off before Arman changed his mind, which he was too proud to do even though it rankled to be so blatantly manipulated. He might have added “on your head be it”, except that the chain of command was very clear on who ultimately carried the can and it wasn’t the first officer. Or the civilian liaison for that matter.
Printer had made no move to follow his lapdog.“I am not sending a search so don’t start up with that again.”
“I wasn’t about to. She must have died by now, of thirst if nothing else, and her body is not worth the risks.” He looked around for somewhere to sit, but finding only the deck, like everyone else decided to stay standing. “There are other matters I wish to discuss.”
“Such as?”
Printer checked the open door and lowered his voice to a bare whisper. “Such as prioritisation.”
No, was Arman’s immediate response and he knew his face showed it when Printer’s tightened. “The doctor has told me that he expects the rest of his patients to survive. Hence the food supply is only going to go down from now on in.”
“You’re talking about murder.”
“Would you prefer starvation? The rations are all but tapped.”
“I would prefer...” Someone else to make that call, truly. Failing that, a promise that wherever we are going there is food there. And failing that... Then there are no other options. “What is the general guidance on such matters?” 
“There are two methods. Where there is no rationally explicable way to assign priority, drawing of lots. It is easier on the conscience, but otherwise has little to recommend it in practical terms. The guidance recommends organising everyone according to their usefulness towards survival (alive, that is) and then starting from the bottom.”
“There’s a lot of wiggle room in that one.”
Printer looked momentarily sheepish. “I suspect there was intended to be. Such things are generally written to give the authors themselves a sporting chance should they ever find themselves in the situation described.”
Arman nodded solemnly. Never in his career had he been forced to stranded measures. “We have protein for tomorrow.” he temporised. “Then the prisoners.”
Printer nodded. “Obviously. No explicable reason to keep them. All four of them.”
Ramsay. So tempting. Such a thin but vital hope of salvation. “Yes, dammit. The Tren as well. We can’t spare him over our own.”
“We are in agreement then. I will make the arrangements with Stephen.”
“No one before we have to.” Arman warned. 
“It would be easier to arrange at one sitting, and reducing the headcount has a knock on effect on...”
“No one before we have to.”

Chapter 17

Flashing the captain a salute Greg dismissed himself and gratefully pushed out into the less fraught arterial corridor. As expected there were a couple of loiterers trying to eavesdrop through the open hatch but they had sense enough to duck in embarrassment and hurry about their business. So the rumour of his mission would spread fast. A fitting distraction then for the arguably more important discussion, and argument, Printer and Arman would be starting behind him. Quarters, power balance, strategy were still to be discussed, but the spies were happy with a small expedition party to talk about. 
Also as expected, he found Seless in the mess, a section of the hangar set aside for cooking and consuming food a handy distance from the dwindling supply store. The kitchen was a ring of stoves staffed by a bizarrely enthusiastic civvies rotation and powered by one of Jethabel’s inner craft. So far the creature hadn’t complained about its treatment. Mostly people were glad to assume it had a lower intelligence than its giant cousin and that it would remain biddable. If it decided to hop around they were back on dried rations.
Greg wove through the people seated in small, randomly spaced groups around the deck. Some had found cushions but most found the pliable surface comfortable enough. Once you got used to it. They seemed to be in recovering spirits anyway. More volume than previous days but less alcohol passing around.
“How’s the war wound?” He dropped down beside the lieutenant, gesturing for Jack and Leon to stay seated. Nothing confidential happening here. He spoke quietly all the same, waiting for the nearby conversations to restart.
“A bit stiff.” Seless admitted. “Mirehead gave me the all clear yesterday, but I feel out of shape after all that idling around. Still get a bit dizzy when I get up too fast.” she admitted reluctantly.
“Shame. Captain has a job for us.”
“Scout?”
“In one. A comprehensive ship sweep, starting from here and working forwards.”
“About time.” Privately Greg agreed but he simply nodded impassively.
“How big a team?” Seless squinted slightly. She was already doing the math for supplies and equipment, which was what made her a good recon officer.
“You, me and Hazel. Everyone else fit is on perimeter or stores duty. Except Dregor, of course.”
“Could have guessed that one.” Leon joked. “He hasn’t been out of his new hole in days. I think someone must be sneaking him food up there.”
“He’s making good progress crewman.” Greg snapped sharply. Despite his infamous preference for software, Dregor was the senior engineer now and the crew would have to learn to live with him. Besides, while the odds of him actually cracking Jethabel’s code were small, it was still their only real chance of getting control of the ship.
“Grab some gear, lieutenant, and meet us at Ops.”
Operations was some walk from the mess, back along the arterial passage past the captain’s office. Printer and Arman were still arguing about what sounded like anything they could think of. They had got to the point of actually raising voices and he was glad to pass by unnoticed. 
Then there was an uninhabited stretch of corridor leading to their furthest exploration so far, the neural node where Hartley had met them. Unless the hidden parts of the ship were bigger than Hazel guessed, it should be a third of the way between the hangar and the nose. Which left half a mile of ship in front of him to be searched inch by inch. A bit dispirited by the alien’s sheer scale he trailed his hands along either wall for a bit until he convinced himself it was manageable.
He hadn’t checked whether Hazel was actually in Ops, but since both he and Dregor all but lived in the neural node he wasn’t surprised to guess right. They were convinced they could get a handle on the ship’s systems from the node, and seemed happy to spend all their hours looking for it without much success. Hartley had commanded sensor readouts and visual screens in the squared off sphere of a room, but so far no one could copy the feat. It was possible Hartley could do that wherever he was on the ship, but Greg agreed with the engineers in doubting it. Screens were for enlightening people who couldn’t jack into the main computer when they liked – Hartley shouldn’t need them. Besides, they’d found nothing resembling a screen anywhere else. But despite the lack of any major breakthrough, drips of information were coming out of the work.
Hazel was playing with the door. He had worked a flap of “wall” away from the rest to reveal interlocking sinews glowing a faint golden colour. This might have been caused by the amber ichor coating them and, by now, much of the lieutenant’s forearms. Or perhaps it was the sinews themselves that were radiant with heat or current. Greg paused to watch as Hazel pinched a well chosen strand and the door twitched open. As he released the chord it stayed open for a breath and then slid shut again, knocking against the metal bar laid by the jam before it could seal closed.
“That’s not going to be a popular method.” Greg noted. Hazel jumped around surprised, saluted, got ichor in his eyes and started blinking furiously. “And that would be a good reason why.” Greg waited while the lieutenant cleared his eyes and wiped face and hands with the tattered remains of his jacket. “Does it work? Reliably, I mean.”
“Oh yes. Reflex. Operating a muscle by pulling the tendon. It’ll always work.” Hazel shrugged. “It’s not very sophisticated though, is it. I can’t help thinking there must be a better way.”
“Something less messy?”
“I was going for less invasive.” Hazel reproached him. “I know what I’m doing, but you could seriously harm the ship if you pulled the wrong sinew. I haven’t identified what they all do yet, but this one for example,” he pointed to a chord which looked identical to the others as far as Greg was concerned, “is a cognitive neural connection.” He glanced at the commander’s blank expression. “It’s carrying a live voltage, sir. Wouldn’t want to brush against that one by mistake.”
“Ok. Lucky you can tell them apart then.” He waved Hazel into silence before he could start explaining how it was done in dumbed down technical detail. “Would you like to test your knowledge on the rest of the ship?”
“Is that a rhetorical question?”
“Yes.”
“Damn. I mean, of course sir. I would love to explore the belly of an intriguing, and dangerous, alien specimen while simultaneously invading the territory of a possessed murderer.”
Greg sighed. He forgot sometimes that Hazel wasn’t a field soldier. Circumstances had forced almost everyone else into combat at one time or another, but Dregor and Hazel were both too valuable to have been risked before. “I recommended you to the captain.” he explained. “I need someone with a grasp of the ship’s anatomy or I won’t understand what I find. And, if you haven’t noticed, I’m running out of qualified staff. Seless is coming along.”
“Oh.” As Greg had expected this cheered Hazel up. Seless was a good scout and a better fighter. If she couldn’t take down Hartley, no one could. “Then I guess I’ll grab my kit and we can get started as soon as she gets here.” He tugged the door open again and disappeared into Ops.
Greg followed nervously. All of the equipment not needed in the hangar was concentrated here. Wires made a dangerous labyrinth of the already uneven deck and seven different portable computers were dotted about beeping occasionally as they ran diagnostics. It was Dregor’s cubby writ large, and even more baffling with the added scale. Some of the consoles had been passively interfaced with Jethabel. Dregor had been very careful and delicate with the connections, but even so the junctions were covered with the hardened form of the protective slime, like dark golden scabs. The air smelled antiseptic despite the metallic aftertaste of the machines and the heat they generated. So far, though, Jethabel had not objected to the new connections so they must not “itch” the way the first, cruder attempt had done.
Dregor sat cross legged in the centre of his creation watching lines of code scroll up a large screen. None of the alien monitors were working.
“How’s it going?”
“Oh, as expected sir.” he reported cheerfully, barely glancing up. “I’m starting to get to grips with some of the minor systems – primarily the sensors. I think I might be able to get a life-support analysis by the end of shift. Not that I’m promising to have control, you understand. Just the information. I’m getting readings which are definitely oxygen to carbon dioxide ratios, temperature, humidity… That sort of thing. I just need to confirm they’re ship wide and not area specific.”
“That’s good.” Greg replied, trying to share Dregor’s enthusiasm. It would have been easier if this was data they didn’t already have from the pod sensors. Still, verification from Jethabel was one step forward.
“Yes.” The engineer nodded agreement, missing the doubtful tone completely. “It may be a bad sign as well though. I thought I had cracked the unit conversions to the alien measurement system, but this new data is reading way too much water at that scale. I mean like half of the hangar deck volume when it’s full. The ship’s currently running at less than fifty percent capacity of anything, but even then…” He shook his head. “The pods are reading only a tenth of what this is saying.”
“Yeah, but they only read half the ship.” Greg reminded him. “For all we know it has a bilge, or a reservoir, in the screened sections. And it makes sense that we’d be well below capacity. There must be a reason the ship was adrift in the first place.
“Keep at it.” he ordered, although Dregor didn’t seem to need any encouragement. “That figure isn’t beyond my imagination. I’m stealing Hazel, though. Exploratory mission. You might want to think who else might be useful and brief the captain.”
Dregor blinked, properly looking up from the monitor for the first time. “I’m fine working on my own, commander. Always have been.”
“That’s not the point.” Greg reached into his breast pocket and pulled out Ashley’s insignia. Dregor and Hazel both caught their breaths. “Your crew,” he stressed, “will value a bit of trust and we will all value the shared knowledge. I recommend you rotate, get to know everyone a bit better.”
“Yes sir!” Dregor sprang to his feet and saluted sharply. His hand shook as he took the badge and pinned it to his collar. If he had ever hoped for promotion he must have given up after ten years in his grade in a war where attrition was high and survival the main cause for advancement. Behind him Hazel was suppressing a flash of envy and Greg hoped he would have the sense to keep it quiet.
“We can’t inform Fleet of your new rank, commander, so it won’t be official by them until we can get long distance comms back online. It’s official on this ship right now, so if anyone gives you any trouble, feel free to bawl them out.”
“Yes sir.” Dregor grimaced slightly. “Don’t think I’ll be good at that.” 
“Takes practise.” Greg soothed, aware that he had been yelling at crew for so long now that sometimes he didn’t realise he’d raised his voice till they jumped.
“Sir?” Seless dropped a supply pack just over the door jam. She had a second strapped to her back over an armoured jacket and had a hand gun and blade secured to each thigh. She also carried a pair of rifles, one of which she tossed to Greg. She’d made good time, and emphasised her eagerness with the size of the kit she’s prepared. “I took out rations for three days, sir, so we don’t have to quarter back at shift end.”
“One would almost think you were sick of our company.” Dregor remarked. Hazel looked equally sour for different reasons.
“I’m getting sick of waiting for the axe to fall.” Seless admitted. “Anything I’ve missed sir?” She glanced pointedly at Hazel. “His pack’s a bit light.”
In fact she hadn’t prepared anything for Hazel. She’d never forgiven the captain for vetoing her right to give the last tour’s new officers a run through their paces. They’d been about to go to battle at the time, and afterwards they’d just never seemed to get around to it. Seless had retaliated to the perceived snub by refusing to believe any of them could hit a shuttle bay door at point blank range. Greg and Samson, assigned on the same tour, had worked through it by being competent, efficient and not shy of the practise range. Which left Hazel to face the brunt of her irritation. Greg was prepared to overlook his lack of combat skills most of the time, but Seless was probably right not to trust him with a gun.
“Lieutenant Hazel is gathering his own equipment.” Greg informed her. “He’ll need to be free to use it as well.” Besides, the pile of tools Hazel was amassing probably weighed more than their packs combined. He seemed to be packing half of Ops. “And I have our most important item.” He flourished the metal bracelet sardonically.
“You shit me!” Hazel objected. Seless and Dregor were slower on the uptake but at that she swore and barked a laugh and he made a gesture as though washing his hands of them. 
“Nope.” Greg put the convict tracker in his pack. “We take Hartley alive and return him to Printer’s TLC.”
“The captain agreed to that?”
“Yours is not to question, lieutenant.” Greg shrugged to indicate Arman knew how to pick his battles and he’d fight over Hartley when he was safely in custody, not before.
“Good luck.” Dregor settled back before his screen with a smug expression.
“Gee thanks.” Hazel muttered as he and Greg hefted their packs and paused while their spines adjusted. Then they followed Seless back into the main corridor. Twenty paces forward they carefully dropped into the propped wide hole where the previous “dead-end” had been revealed as a deck hatch, passed the perimeter sentries and crept into the half-light of their own torches.
“Do we quarter the deck and work up?” Seless asked. She had paused at the first turn off and was waiting impatiently. The torch secured to her unvisored helmet blinded anyone trying to look at her face and his was returning the favour so she had adopted the normal combat mode of talking to the commander’s shoulder. “There should be at least four decks to search that way.”
“More.” Hazel noted. “The hangar has three balcony levels but there are split levels between. About twelve of them, assuming they’re all the same height, which they aren’t.”
Greg got the feeling Seless was frowning at the weakness of their intel. She certainly sounded sulky. “How do you know?”
“You don’t look up much, do you Martha.” Hazel teased. “Within the perimeter there are seven different ceiling heights, four mezzanines and the deck slopes gently upwards as you move forward. Ops is three and a bit yards above the hangar floor.” He shrugged. “Besides, it’s highly unlikely that any organic design would feature cuboid decking structures. The Tren stick curves and ramps in their architecture to emulate natural forms, and this thing is several steps beyond that. I’m also willing to bet that a lot of areas will be inaccessible – organs as opposed to the airways we are currently in. The habitable volume should theoretically be much smaller than Jethabel’s size would imply. Compared to a human ship of a similar size, I mean.”
“There are no human ships of comparable size.” Greg reminded him.
“A human station, then. You get my point.” 
“We could be home for breakfast?” Seless mocked him.
Hazel bridled. “I didn’t mean it was small. Obviously it’s still a huge volume. I’m just pointing out that it might not be logical, or easily navigable.” He fiddled with his pack huffily. “Anyway, Hartley’s a barefaced liar. Even the bits we can scan could easily keep three or four thousand people. 240 my ass.”
“We’re on reduced capacity.” Greg justified swiftly, trying to cut off the gripe. He had heard the same complaint from a hundred mouths already. It was unproductive. 
“Yeah, and the ship needs to breathe too.” Hazel replied sarcastically. “I know, and I factored it in. The five hundred of us were perfectly doable. Ramsay’s guesstimate is even higher than mine. Damn Tren’s in love with the thing. I think he believes it can walk on water. But that’s not the issue. The point is…”
“Don’t worry if important leads disappear into rooms with no doors.” Greg interrupted. Seless’ had turned away to hide the fact that her face was purpling and Hazel also flushed as he realised that this was the first time the maths had been waved under her nose. The two men paused while she assimilated the information. She did it with typical professionalism and when her furious scowl had mellowed a touch, Greg went on. “Yes, I get the point, Hazel, but we’re not here to work out what Hartley’s up to. Our mission is only to map and investigate. That said, what search pattern do you suggest?”
“Um.” Hazel glanced around nervously and took a small, cautious step to the side out of range of Seless. “Actually, I think we should keep straight ahead. This is a main vein-thingy and, at least as far as Ops, it doesn’t have any branches you could mistake for the real thing, only recognisable rooms. So if we follow it, and that continues, we won’t get lost and it should go very close to the nose of the ship. Into the shielded area.”
“That’s backwards.” Seless objected. “Even you should have better tactics than that. It leaves a huge tract of unsecured space at our backs and who knows what between us and backup.”
“Yes.” Hazel agreed solemnly. “That would be the flaw in the plan.”
“It’s a pretty vital flaw.” 
“Well, maybe.” he admitted. “But the sensors can sweep this area and we know it’s the same as the warren between the hangar and Ops, hundreds of rooms connected to the main vein like grapes on a vine. Do we really have time to search every room in a ship two miles long?” 
He paused for comments but neither Greg nor Seless wanted to volunteer for that. “So we’re agreed. That said, the stuff we really need to check out is under the shield. And if we needed any better reasons - the majority of the neural lines run parallel to this vein and in most life-forms the head is at the front. So if I had to take a guess I’d say the sensors report to, and the orders come from, up there.”
“You could just have said the brain’s that way.” Seless grumbled.
Hazel opened his mouth. Shut it. Shrugged. “Yeah, I guess that’s as good a word as any. If you accept that the ship probably has more than one “brain”.”
“Okay then.” Greg signalled for Seless to take the lead and he brought up the rear. He was relieved they had argued themselves into the direct approach. His orders from Arman were to search for resources first, space later and not waste too much time doing it, and it always made life easier when the junior officers didn’t have to be shouted down.
The corridor quickly narrowed as they pressed slowly ahead. There were fewer offshoots, all to their left. Even these all seemed to lead directly to proportionally small and simple mazes of alcoves, rather than the large ante-chambers and complexes of Stores and Sickbay. Apart from pausing to let Hazel scan the interior, they passed straight by the hollows. Although he had agreed the plan Greg began to find the abandoned space between him and the perimeter guard increasingly threatening. When they passed out of comm. range he had to start consciously bottling up his nerves. 
The right-hand wall grew darker, less flexible and started to look more substantial, until Greg was sure it was unbroken by even hidden entrances. They were, now that he was paying attention, sloping gradually upwards and to the right – towards the centre-axis of the vessel. The ceiling had a lower gradient and so the height of the space was dropping until he could knock on the top with his rifle butt. It helped to calm his fears as they pressed on cautiously.
Apart from their torches it was black darkness. Similar in tone to their first arrival. Greg grimaced. If Jethabel was only maintaining lights and heating in the sections they lived in, then this would be a cold night. Even if Seless had packed the best protective clothing they had they would freeze in a non-supported area. They might have to consider backtracking and starting fresh in the morning.
The breeze became a little unnerving, gustily moving oxygen around the ship. There were noises as well. More noticeable outside the commotion of the hangar. Normally Greg liked to stop and listen to a ship “breathe”, but these were all unfamiliar sounds. There was no engine hum, no air-con drone, and no screech of metal fatigue in the joints. Instead there was a watery echo ever-present in any subterranean cavern and the quiet gurgle of things that normally happened only below his ribcage. It started to make him hungry.
“Sir!” After an hour of patient walking, pausing often to check Hazel’s gadgets, Seless had reached a doorway to her right. Like it’s fellows it was closed by apparently seamless folds of skin, but since the rest of the wall was hardened and inflexible it was easily identified. It was made even easier now because the material was translucent. A strong light shone through, picking out golden veins and a fainter, green network of channels. After the doorway the corridor split. One route arched steeply upwards and the other down, both at angles Greg didn’t want to climb, and then both twisted sharply right as though hugging the walls of this chamber. Both corridors were half head height at best.
“I’m reading a room beyond, sir.” Hazel consulted his handheld sensor. “Which is odd because it is behind the shielding.” He hit the side of the sensor to check if it was faulted and then accepted the answer. “Maybe our proximity is helping to unscramble the signal. Anyway, it seems to have a similar atmosphere to here. No radiation I can detect but I can’t determine the light source.”
“Let’s hope it’s just Jethabel saying hello. Open it up.”
“Aye sir.” Hazel let the sensor drop back to swing from its chord underneath his pack. Unsheathing his hip-knife instead he went to work on the flesh of the wall. Greg and Seless stood well back from the possible splatter and trained their guns on the door as it twitched open.
Nothing jumped out and Hazel breathed a loud sigh of relief. Inhaling, he promptly choked. A second later Greg also caught the smell, sulphurous and warm. He scowled accusingly at the lieutenant. Hazel glanced at his sensor. “It’s not noxious.” he reported.
“Just very bad.” Seless complained, waving her free hand to dispel the odour. She inched forwards, rifle before her. Greg held his breath as she carefully crossed the threshold and vanished from his line of sight. Her voice was flat, deadened in the chamber. “Seems clear, sir.” 
As Greg stepped in he was glad his eyes had had time to adjust. Even so it was hard not to shield them from the golden brilliance at the room’s core. It was an almost perfect sphere supported by a thick pillar which ran off-centre like the shaft of an old atlas globe. That column was formed of a transparent fibre and seemed filled with the ichor of Jethabel’s blood, working upwards in a strong spiral current guided by rifling on the column’s interior. This motion was caused by a series of thick tendons spanning the room and rotating the whole column by flexing in a regular but complicated beat.
“Oh-kay.” Greg said, slowly nodding his head. “I vote we make this one off-limits to civilians.”
“Ye-es.” Seless agreed in mock consideration. “We probably don’t want them messing with that.”
“So maybe we should leave as fast as possible and very carefully.”
“By that door over there?” Hazel suggested. While Greg and Seless had gaped at the immense heart he had taken in the rest of the room and found a forward facing hatch. It looked accessible without disrupting anything and stood invitingly open.
“No.” Greg said firmly. “Back out.”
Hazel looked as though he might object, but Seless was definitely eager to be gone. “Look at it this way.” she consoled him as he let the door close again and wiped his arm off on a jacket that was now nothing more than a rag tied around his waist. “When you are allowed in you’ll have time to do the study properly.”
“That’s unusually decent of you.” His eyes narrowed suspiciously.
Seless shrugged. “I’m in a good mood. Camping trips do it for me every time.”
“Then you really shouldn’t have joined the space fleet.”
She hit him playfully on the pack, hard enough to disrupt his balance since the bag was so oddly weighted. “Up or down, sir?”
“Down.” Greg said firmly. “The upper levels must be less vital, and so less useful, as our sensors penetrate better. Besides, I’m estimating we’ve climbed what any decent person would call two decks since the hangar.”
Hazel checked briefly and nodded his agreement. “More or less. Still, twenty yards per mile isn’t a horrific gradient.”
Crawling down the narrow shaft was unpleasant. The surrounding fibre was slick with ichor but harder to the touch than the normal deck and walls, bruising and scraping when they slipped. The tight curve made it difficult to stay orientated. Greg, bringing up the rear, had barely managed to get fully into the shaft before Seless called up. “I think we’re in trouble, sir. The shaft keeps turning down here. If the thing’s symmetric we’re going to end up on the other side of the heart rather than down a level.”
Greg swore. As far as anyone could tell Jethabel was indeed left-right symmetric. Almost all creatures were, give or take a few organs. He had planned on leaving the ship’s port side for a quick sweep on the way back for exactly this reason. “All right. We must have been bent round to the central axis and the nose section. Come back out and we’ll have another think about it.”
He levered himself back into the main corridor and pulled Hazel out after him. Seless had more trouble, sliding back several times but stubbornly refusing his hand. On the fourth attempt she caught hold of the rim and laboriously hauled herself out.
“How many offshoot rooms did we pass?” Greg asked.
“Ten.” Hazel supplied promptly. “We’ve come about a half mile beyond the perimeter, three quarters from the hangar, so a new room network every 150 yards or so.”
“Big quarters if we ever release them.”
“Yeah.” Hazel agreed. “Mind you, they should only be around ten yards deep so kind of your whole house stretched on end.” He paused thoughtfully to work through the math. “Assume a reasonable proportion of the space is taken up by supports for Jethabel’s armour and decks and that there aren’t any sub-levels involved. There’ll be internal walls and columns, possibly narrow sections and low ceilings. Then it would only be a normal house size.”
“Normal?” Seless objected. “What kind of mansion were you raised in?”
“It... was an apartment on an university estate.” He admitted. “My father is big in genetic research.” He shook himself back to attention. “Anyway, it’s all on a spaceship so I wouldn’t start investing in the real estate yet.
“What I would worry about, is the neural nodes. My best guess, well Ramsay’s best guess, is that there are five. One will be on the port side mirroring Ops and another two should be rear of the hangar looking after the main engines or whatever this thing has instead of engines. Flippers, maybe. Anyway, that leaves the main neural node, the equivalent of the central computer core or” he nodded to Seless, “the brain. I can’t see that that would be a pairing – they’d be arguing with each other too much. Although saying that they could have a system like the hemisphere’s of our cerebral cortex, with distinct and complementary priorities one over the other…” 
He drifted off thoughtfully until Greg slapped his arm. “What? Oh. It’s possible, but not as likely as a single location. A single location means on the central axis. Even inside our perimeter all the rooms and corridors bend around the central core. They never trespass, only the hangars cross that line. If Jethabel has a spine it must bend down and pass under them. So that door in the heart chamber is the only entrance I’ve ever seen to where the most worthwhile data has to be. We can wander around out here all we like, but we won’t learn much apart from knowing we are alone on the ship. Which I admit would be comforting.”
“You can make a mountain out of anything, can’t you.” Seless mocked. “Why didn’t you just say it’s the only door?”
“Because it isn’t.” Hazel snapped irritably. “Hartley’s a killer not an athlete. He didn’t get anywhere near this far into the ship before he disappeared from my screens. That guy he killed was found a good way shy of Ops and he was limping after that. He got into the central core while still within our perimeter. We’ve probably all walked right past the door. Hell, there almost has to be one straight into Ops. He walked out of it when he met us there. We just weren’t looking.”
Seless shuddered. Unguarded entrances offended her security drilled mind. “No one else has ever found it.”
“No one else is meant to. Tricky things to see, closed doors. In my humble opinion, sir, mapping the core should be our priority.” He glanced back at Seless and added placatingly “We might be able to spot the Ops door from the other side.”
Greg kept his face carefully blank. It had apparently not occurred to either of the lieutenants to wonder why, if Jethabel was indeed so good at concealing entrances, the heart-chamber door was so blatant and glowed so beckoningly. Perhaps the light of the pump couldn’t be hidden, but Greg severely doubted it. He also suspected Hazel was wrong about it being the only heart. It was huge, but still tiny in comparison to the amount of fluid to be shifted, and he couldn’t imagine Hartley being careless enough to let them see a genuinely critical area so easily. Sometimes, however, springing the trap was the only way to get anything done. “All right, we go in. Be very careful and don’t screw anything up.”
“Who me?” Hazel quipped. Greg dignified that with the silence it deserved. 
Crossing the heart chamber was anxious work. Like a human pulse, the beats varied in frequency and Greg was never sure if he was going to get hit by a flexing tendon as he threaded the narrow spaces. Even Seless strapped her rifle tight to her chest to minimise her volume. Sliding underneath the slanting column to reach the doorway below was just unnerving. It loomed bright enough to sear the retina and the swirling liquid had a dizzying effect. There were brighter sparks swimming within it like independent lifeforms, fascinating the eye with their eccentric shapes and motion. Greg pulled himself through on his backside and sat up in the comparative darkness with distinct relief.
The adjoining cavern was concave, bending backwards around the spherical heart. Ten paces in front of them the deck ended in an unrailed drop, except at either hull where it slanted down and curved along the nose wall. Apart from the points where it curved into the ramps in a blend of ochre colours, that wall seemed to be glass looking out into space. As Greg’s eyes recovered from the heart’s brightness more and more pinprick stars came into his view. It was disorientating, like he should be lying flat on a country field somewhere. Seless’ hand waved around her throat checking for the seals of a non-existent visor. Space-walk was the only way to see such lights these days. No human ship or station had windows anymore. They couldn’t be armour plated. 
“The ship’s nose is transparent?” Seless wondered aloud. 
“No, it’s just a screen.” Hazel replied. “Impressive though.” He moved cautiously forward and peered over the edge of the deck. He obviously couldn’t see the bottom as his sensor was quickly put into action. “Eleven yards.” he reported. “So watch your step. There’s another cut away level halfway down and the bottom may well be the interior hull.” He glanced upwards and nodded in satisfaction. “And the hull is above us by six yards.”
“Narrow.” Greg noted. Then he remembered the small but perfectly proportioned specifications of the Eleisus and added, “Proportional to the rest of the ship.”
“Yes.” Hazel ignored the guilty tone and wandered along the edge, sweeping alternately torch and sensor before him. “It heightens rapidly though. Very blunt nosed. Like the bottom of an egg. Maybe it can’t penetrate atmosphere. The shape would make a good heat shield but it’s not very aerodynamic once you get down there, is it.”
Seless and Greg followed, keeping a watchful eye on the dark pit which Hazel had dismissed so readily. Starlight created shadows where before there had been blackness, picking out the rough contours of the deck but failing to truly reveal anything. Spines loomed out at intervals pinning the various fleshy surfaces together. Tucked between the heart-chamber and the hull they found that their torches revealed a doorway. 
“Huh.” Hazel grunted. The door was small. Apart from the heart the other openings in Jethabel were at least a yard and a half wide and three or four tall, twice the size of this one in both dimensions. It was also unique in that it had a frame – an oval rim of darker, almost black flesh. To this had been attached a strip of something plastic looking from which hung a curtain of glass bead strings in multi-colours. The effect was feminine, human and evoked pathos. They could all sympathise with the urge to create normality in the alien environment. Where the plastic had been bolted on, Jethabel’s flesh was beginning to grow over the strip as if to defy the humanising impulse and Greg surmised that the former passenger had been gone a long time now.
Gently he pulled the beads aside and peered in. The room was almost square, apart from a slight slope in the walls and the way corners and edges rounded into one another rather than jointing. It was much smaller than most of the ship’s dimensions, maybe only four yards cubed, but it dwarfed its owners meagre possessions. There was another plastic rail pinned diagonally across one corner on which a neat collection of clothes was hanging. Practical ships suits and sturdy boots. The narrow bed had a jade green sheet and a blanket that was probably for show rather than warmth in the controlled environment.
“Looks like she might come back any minute, doesn’t it.” Seless gestured to a small pile of personal items, of which a stuffed toy donkey was prominent although the owner had evidently been a rather tall grown woman.
“Looks like the captain might get his chair.” Greg shoved aside his sympathy. “Some isolationists have been keeping secrets from us. Secrets which we could have used a long time ago.”
“She might have been Tren.” Hazel defended. 
“If she was she was lapsed. No Goddess pictures. For that matter,” he pointed at the plastic rods, “no respect for the sanctity of nature’s creatures.”
“So maybe she wasn’t Tren,” Hazel acceded, “but she might have been trapped here like us and not being malicious in keeping her own council. Sure kept it well, though. I certainly wasn’t expecting anything human.” He squinted thoughtfully at the various pieces of cheap, moulded plastic furniture. “On a practical note, they couldn’t have got that bed in through the heart, which confirms there’s another way in and out.”
Seless tested the mattress thoughtfully. “I vote we camp here overnight. I could do with sleeping in a proper bed again.”
“Vote carried.” Greg agreed feelingly. Lying out on the deck was probably good for his spine, but like most healthy things it was damned uncomfortable at the time. “But first we check out the port side and the decks below us. We don’t want any nasty surprises.”
The port side cabin had been emptied of all but basic furniture, but had obviously been inhabited once. On the deck below they found a further four similarly sized chambers, all individual rather than warren-style, with a recognisable door and purpose. Three were bedrooms and the fourth appeared to be a store cupboard cross basic kitchen. They were all furnished with cheap goods available on any new homestead, with a couple of personal belongings here and there. It made Greg wonder where the people had gone, since there was no sign of any bodies. Morbid or not, the space was so much less threatening that when they reached the lowest level Greg wasn’t surprised to find an (admittedly unorthodox) latrine and bath. 
Hazel spent a good hour investigating the water and waste connections before deciding they were part of a much bigger system, much more promising than being self-contained. The water trickling down from the ceiling looked relatively clean but the exit pipe had been clogged with a foul plug which the engineer pulled out and dumped on the deck while Greg and Seless objected half-heartedly to the grossness. To his credit Hazel never flinched, and the puddle did seem to be freshening itself once he’d restored the current. They were all sticking with their cantinas all the same. The dregs of years of disuse didn’t inspire confidence.
In part to avoid the stench they retreated back to the top level. Hazel brought a quite unpleasant aroma with him as a result of his experiments. He was soaked through, and wouldn’t get far without being very uncomfortable so Greg called a halt for the day. They ate a cold ration and Greg took the first three hour watch. Seless went into the port cabin to sleep but Hazel, ever more superstitious and a little sulky after all the comments about his odour, stripped off his pants some distance away and unrolled his blanket on the open deck. Seless laughed herself to sleep over that one.
Greg kept himself awake by prowling the deck and watching the stars. He recognised none of the constellations, and hadn’t expected to. The ship was moving. He could tell that by the feel of the deck, alien as it was, but they had sensor confirmation as well. Yet the stars were constant. Not the real view then, not unless they were moving at well below light speed. Pretty, but not particularly revealing. Maybe Hazel could tell him where the view was actually from, but if it was from Jethabel’s home Greg doubted their charts would recognise it. He suspected the ship was older than Printer gave it credit for. The last crews’ clothes were well preserved but centuries out of fashion, even for an isolated colony. But that begged the question of where they had been going. Sheraton had been days out of human space, Tren or Alliance, back in those days.
The three hours passed slowly, as sentry duty always did, and he was glad to wake Hazel and roll into the warm blanket. The deck moulded slightly to his form, bearable though not soft. With an arm under his head for a pillow he closed his eyes and allowed sleep to come.

Chapter 18

Day Fifteen

Arman pinched his nose to restore some wakefulness. Hawthorne hadn’t returned, which was not unexpected but did leave the problem of who to trust with the dog shift. He would have to stay on call until the commander was back - a difficult proposition with the coffee supply so low. The next in line was now Dregor of course, and Arman doubted he was up to the job. An epaulette didn’t make a man a leader overnight. Still, it was worth checking on the off-chance he could avoid a sleepless night.
More for the stimulation than a genuine curiosity, he pushed himself to his feet and strode over to Ops. It was the team’s downtime so he found Dregor alone with his computers, looking like he was also overdue a rest. The crew had all started skipping meals, more aware than most of the horror that would come down upon them all when they finally ran out, and the new lieutenant commander was looking pale and tetchy as a result.
“I have the comm. on maximum, sir.” He said before Arman could ask. “There’s too much interference from the shield, though. I do have a vector. It hasn’t moved for a while so I am hoping they are camped for the night somewhere around the nose section.”
Arman nodded. “As expected.”
“Aye.” Dregor frowned. “Are we looking really bad, sir?”
Slow death. “We need to find a harbour.” he admitted. “Within days rather than weeks. Any port would do, at this point.”
Dregor nodded slowly. “I think that the ship agrees.” He pointed to a set of diagnostics on the screen before him. “It’s low on everything except oxygen and water, and it is noticeably burning through what is does have. Not fast enough though. It will still be running a month from now.”
“When not all of us will be. It isn’t approaching any system?”
“Not so I can tell. We’re at interstellar speeds. No more course changes since that one three days ago. Still not sure why it did that. There was no obvious change in the sensor inputs.”
“Hartley isn’t reputed to be rational.”
“No.”
“How have the team taken to the badge?”
Dregor glanced at his (newly polished) insignia uncomfortably. “I’m sure they’d’ve all preferred Ashley to be here, sir.”
“That goes without saying, but do you think they’ll accept it?”
Another uncomfortable shrug. “I’ll do my best, sir, but you know how my personal rating stands. It’s a promotion for when it won’t make any difference isn’t it?” 
“It’s a promotion for when we don’t have anything left but the computers.” Dregor blinked furiously. “You are the right man, commander. Try to believe it a bit more.”
“Thank you, sir. I will.”
“Good. Are you spending the night here?”
Dregor nodded. “In case something comes through.”
“I’ll be in my office, for the same reason.” But there were rounds to do first. A long weary walk back to the hangar to refill his cantina and sign for his rations. The mood was grim with suppressed anger, family groups huddled protectively around their frail or elderly. Either news had spread or it was simply rumour coming close to the mark. Printer, naturally, was holding court in the shadow of his brig pod and letting everyone come to him to plead their case. It said little for the human spirit that he had a queue. He was, after all, only deciding when, not if, a person died.
The prisoners were taking their daily exercise, ignored by everyone. Arman considered braving it out, but decided it wasn’t worth it, ducking away from their blank, dull stares and heading back to his office to wait. Which was all he had left to do.
 
*

As always these days, he dreamed. He dreamed of the huge, beautiful glass towers of his home city on Myo, their marble floors and exotic atriums. For a time he let himself believe he could go back there and wander through hot houses under the permanently stormy sky. Some of it would have survived. The Tren were implacable, but not stupid. Their religion forbade a lot of industrial processes, but they had no objections to benefiting once the damage had been done by someone else. They didn’t waste finished goods. The buildings would only have been destroyed to get to the people. Many cities had been conquered intact, apart from the space ports and other military targets. His own fleet did more damage taking them back.
His unconscious mind roamed on. To Ashley. Dead this morning and her body already food for refugees. Crew they had left on Sheraton to be crushed by the desperate mobs climbing the space port fences. His brother Ben, missing two years now but never confirmed dead, and his sister Jenny, blown apart on a strategically important moon. Alicia Shannon, the first love of every guy in the year…
His first thought on waking was guilt, to have been dreaming of Alicia when someone else was kissing him awake. His second, more rational, thought was “Who the hell are you?” The words emerged as a strangled gurgle past the tongue in his mouth and were answered by an equally distorted chuckle.
He opened his eyes onto near darkness and pushed back on the thin shoulders, male shoulders, pressing above him. “Hazel?” he yelled.
“He’s asleep.” Hartley said helpfully. Greg could barely make out his face in the dimness, but he caught the profile as the convict peered in what must be Hazel’s direction. It reminded him how attractive, and young, the man was. He tasted bitter, sweaty and as addictive as coffee. It wasn’t normal to crave a person like a drug. Greg concentrated on Hartley’s words as a refreshing antidote to his presence. “They’re both asleep, sort of.”
“Sort of?”
“Not really but close enough to make no difference.”
“And in this case meaning dead.” Greg tried to get up and realised the boy was sitting straddled across his crotch, making movement more than a little risky. He remembered Printer had tried to warn him Hartley would try something like this, and that he’d probably have to report it when he got back to Ops. If he made it back, that was. His embarrassment was so acute that for a moment he forgot which of the options he’d prefer.
“I didn’t want to talk to them. You’re the interesting one. I only wanted to talk to you.”
“That’s not a reason to kill them!”
“Yes it is.” Hartley contradicted flatly. “They looked at me the wrong way is a reason. I met someone in the prison who was like that. I thought he was mad, and I’m told that I have a low moral threshold. We all gave him a wide berth and he pretended not to notice until he struck out. I learned a lot from watching him. But Jethabel thinks wanting them to be silent would be a bad reason to kill your friends. There are so many less messy ways to keep them out of the way, and we might want them for something later. He says I should look at the longer term. ” He shook his head in bewilderment. “I’ve never had a longer term to look at before, so I am taking his word for it for the moment. They’ll wake up eventually. The woman may take longer. She was already hurt.”
Greg forced himself to breathe slowly, to analyse the speech. At their last meeting he had heard Jethabel talking through Hartley, but it seemed today the ship was talking to Hartley and what he heard wasn’t necessarily what he said or did. Which was much less desirable in Greg’s view. The ship, after all, might be more or less rational. And almost certainly not interested in the sexual games Hartley was playing. 
The commander flexed his knees experimentally. Other than Hartley’s weight on his pelvis he seemed free to move. He propped himself on his elbows and peered around. His rifle was too far out of reach. It had been moved clear but propped against his pack as if to prove that Hartley was unarmed. Greg didn’t believe it for a second. Seless was a light sleeper and had a tough skull.
“You stunned them?”
“If you were going to destroy a space station where would you start?”
“My question first.”
“It’s my house.” Hartley retorted peevishly. “Besides,” he dangled the convict tracker before Greg’s face, its red light still blinking, “you aren’t being a nice guest.”
“Do nice guests get rewarded?” Greg grimaced at the touch of eagerness in what he had intended to be a mocking question. He was going to have to try harder to keep himself in order.
“Nice guests deserve nice hosts.” Hartley tossed the tracker away. It bounced once and fell into the chasm. There were a few brief clatters and an ominously final splash. “How fitting.” Hartley noted blandly. “So,” he continued, “if you were going to destroy a space station where would you start?”
Greg considered throwing the insane murderer off, but thought better of it. He couldn’t see Hazel in the dark and Seless could be anywhere. Resistance could tempt Hartley into anything. The boy was unusually strong for his build and he knew the territory much better. And that was only one reason a wrestling match would be a very bad idea. “Schematics.” he suggested, playing along until he could get a better look around. “An analysis of possible weak spots.”
To his left the starscape shifted. A station flashed into view, filling the upper half of the screen. A Tren control operation, now anyway. It’s sides bore the green and gold stripes of their flag, but in places the familiar blue, white and red of his own banner hadn’t eroded or been plated over yet. Greg pretended to carefully consider the view while he used the extra light to search out Hazel. The lieutenant was stretched out on his back closer to the edge of the pit, limbs bent awkwardly as they had fallen and face turned screenwards. He was twitching slightly, much as an unconscious man might when slowly coming round. That was promising. Diverting attention from the engineer Greg genuinely turned back to the station.
It had been an unusually well defended installation before the war, with its docks tight in to the main shaft and no abandoned observation decks. So it had probably never been a civilian station, which in turn meant the system had been red-lit before the Tren. Either a non-populated outpost on the borders, or a prison colony. There might be agriculture going on now, although the Tren did drop off their environmental high horse when it came to mining ore for their fleet. There would be an armed transport convoy shuttling constantly between station and planet, and a Fleet Patrol in the system with it being so recently conquered. 
It wasn’t the easiest of propositions, all told. Especially with only one ship of unknown speed or firepower. On the other hand, it was a supply station.
“Does it have a name?” he probed cautiously.
“Does it matter?”
Greg paused for a second to invent reasons other than curiosity of Hartley’s motives. “It would help to calculate how fast reinforcements could arrive, as well as pin-point possible natural defences like radiation or unusual gravity effects. The likely population, cargo and ammo count would be relevant as well.”
“Not required.” Hartley frowned. In the increased brightness Greg made out the hollows of his too-thin cheeks and the shadows of eyes he knew to be large and doe-brown. He still wore his prison jumpsuit but the right arm had been torn off at the shoulder to make way for something Greg couldn’t quite take in. It looked like a strip of Jethabel’s hide grafted above the elbow, segueing into the skin at the edges and widening towards the wrist. He couldn’t see the hand, but his imagination was both vivid and disgusted.
Hartley snapped the fingers of his left hand before Greg’s face to get his attention back. It was a pale, bony but very human hand, right down to the chewed off fingernails. “Jethabel says these would be good facts to know.”
“Jethabel is wise.”
Josh smiled with shy pride, like a girl who had unexpectedly found herself a prom queen. “He has more experience than I do.” His face darkened slightly. “I was against asking for help, but he says there is no way to do it alone and I can’t think of one either.”
“Troops always come in handy.” Greg agreed, wondering as he did so whether the boy was aware of the danger he was suggesting those troops enter into. It sounded as though he hadn’t considered them as anything other than a means to an end, as though they were unimportant pawns. Another factor tallying with Printer’s diagnosis. “I’ll need to discuss it with Captain Arman. Weigh the risks against the gain.”
“You’re at war. They’re the enemy. If they die, you gain.”
“If we die, we lose.” Greg decided to stay as simple as possible. “What is the target called?”
“Natilus.” The name came out with venom and Greg wasn’t surprised. It had been his first guess.
“Okay.” he nodded slowly. “I’m not making any promises, but the captain will be interested enough to talk it over. Natilus is an acceptable target, but of no real importance now the front has rolled over it. It’s well behind the Tren line and we won’t be able to hold it, assuming we can take it at all. There might be a bit of give and take suggested.”
“Give and take?” Hartley had made to rise but sat down again hard. Greg shuddered compulsively, which his captor seemed to find funny. He pulled his right hand up, stroking gently up the commander’s waistline with a hard amusement in his eyes. It looked as though he was wearing a fingerless glove, maybe of oddly dyed leather. Then Greg noticed the bulge of a weapon barrel nestled under the hide between his protruding wrist bones, and how the edges of the cloth tucked under the flesh. When the palm turned upwards he saw that in place of the normal hollow Josh now had a viscous yellow membrane, like a huge stretched blister in which sparks of green and red were swirling slowly. The whole was covered in the same slimy mucous which protected each of Jethabel’s tendons, a trail of which was now staining Greg’s pants.
“You’re getting distracted.” the commander warned. Considering how much he felt like puking he was proud of his disinterested tone. His skin continued to crawl and he hoped it didn’t give him away. It was a stark contrast to his reaction to the rest of Hartley, but equally unwelcome.
The fingers halted, curled dangerously half under the waist band. Greg met the dark eyes. They were deep, liquid and beautiful, but they were cold. Right now they weren’t even trying to hold a human expression. “Yes.” The voice sank a half octave and picked up a lyrical beat. Greg recognised the ship’s voice with relief. “The crew are the Captain’s concern. Please inform him of our request. He must either come to barter your services himself, or authorise a delegate in his stead. I will not be delayed while messengers run back and forth. Josh will speak for me.” He released his hold and got up, offering his left hand to help the commander to his feet. “We will arrive in two days and six hours by your clock. Return when you wish.”
Hartley stepped over Hazel’s prone form and down the port side ramp. He was still only wearing one shoe. Greg started to smile at the idiosyncrasy but stopped himself because it was too disturbing a reaction. “You had better not be playing dead, Hazel.” he snapped.
“No, sir.” The lieutenant popped one eye open. “Wouldn’t dream of it.”

Chapter 19

The emergency claxon was so quiet Arman nearly slumbered through it. As it was he wasted precious seconds staring at his comm. before his sleep-addled brain deciphered what the tiny alarm was for. By that times Daniels had made it to the door.
“You are needed on the bridge, sir!” He saluted sharply and then stood uncertainly just inside the room, shifting his weight from foot to foot in impatient excitement.
The captain slapped the comm. until it stopped wailing. Only then did he drag himself to his feet. “What’s the emergency?”
“The bridge is operational, sir!”
“What?” He stopped in the act of splashing water on his face.
“The bridge...”
“I heard you, ensign. I was just surprised. Commander Dregor has the bridge?”
“Yes, sir.”
That could go either way. He nodded, finished straightening the stained mess that was his uniform and made haste. 
Ops was packed. It seemed Dregor had been less than circumspect about sounding the alert. Most of the gathered crew were only pretending to be busy so they could gawp. All but a handful lacked bridge clearance to start with. “Is the perimeter secure?” Guilty starts, shuffled feet. Two weeks without proper duties had slackened discipline. Including his own up to a moment ago, but he felt alive again now. “Double the duty. Everyone out of bunks. Status is classified.”
That got shot of everyone without bridge privileges and allowed him the sanctuary to make an assessment.
Three viewscreens were lit on the forward wall. One was filled with tabular columns in alien script. The central screen showed a plotted course, along with what he guessed must be a vector and ETA countdown. The final view was a visual of an enemy station base, also appended with columns of illegible technical data. Presumably their destination. It was an uplifting sight.
He took a position in the centre of the room, surrounded by a broken ring of computers, most of them unattended. He had to be careful not to trip on the multitude of wires, but it was the obvious command point. Everyone else was sitting on the deck, heightening his sense of control.
“OK. What am I looking at?”
No one answered. He turned pointedly to Dregor, who finally remembered that was his job now. “Oh. All right. Um. We are looking at what the ship wants us to see, captain. It’s still in total control, but it has decided to share.”
“Is this all it’s sharing?”
“Over and above what we had before, yes. But from this we have our current location, velocity and destination. Or we will have. I’m busy translating the details now.”
“It looks recently conquered. We’re not in the belly of Tren space?”
“Um, no sir. We are in Tren space certainly. About four days in, I think, and moving roughly parallel to the front. We’re somewhere in the Shani sector. I’m still trying to narrow it down. There are five stations of that class within my margin of error at the moment.”
“Shani itself...?”
“That’s two – Shani three and five are both populated. There’s a mining colony on Shani-beta two in the sister star system. Natilus three and Scion four both have similar installations as well.”
Arman nodded. Some very different propositions. Shani was too big to chew, though it would be a high profile place to surrender. Shani-beta was a feeder planet, sure to have all the supplies they needed at a high but not reckless risk. He couldn’t recall details of the other two, which meant they were likely unstrategic and relatively easy targets. “When can you narrow it down by?”
“ETA in two days four hours. Even with no translation it will narrow itself down by the end of shift.”
“I want details on all five. Has Hawthorne called in?”
“No sir. Still out of range, but they are headed back.”
“Directly?”
Dregor blinked. “Um, yes. Same way they went out.”
“Good.” They knew what was going on then. “Send them to my office asap. And tell Mirehead not to do anything irreversible until further notice.”
He had almost fifteen minutes before he had to regret that leniency, which was five seconds after Printer showed up at his doorway. “I hear the mission has been a success?”
Arman didn’t rise. “From whom did you hear this?”
“One of your crewmen came by the infirmary.” He nonchalantly ignored that the message had not been intended for his ears. “She was tight lipped, but awfully conspicuous. Comms are faster, you know.”
“But less secure.” Much as he wanted to beat the messenger, he admitted it would have been difficult to stall the commissariat when he was actually on the spot. “And there was no urgency.”
“Hmm. I thought you would be in Ops.”
“Dregor will call when something changes.”
“Yes.” Printer finally deigned to sit himself down, a difficult manoeuvre with his crabbed hand and injured shoulder. He managed it awkwardly and flushing with shame. Arman didn’t offer to help. “It’s Natilus on the viewscreen.”
“Which you know because...?”
“It was a penal colony for several decades. I visited several times, often enough to recognise the land mass. The orbital facility itself is generic, I grant you. It seems to be real-time footage. Do we know how that is achieved?”
“No clue.” Arman hadn’t even thought about it until that moment. “Not one of my priorities frankly.”
“Jethabel must have access to a local sensor array.”
“I presume.” He shrugged off the speculation. As long as the information was accurate, who cared where it came from? Unless they could get defence data from the same source... “Is Natilus a sensitive system?”
“In what way?” Printer shook his head. “It’s Hartley’s home planet, which is undoubtedly the cause of its selection. There are better options for refuelling far closer to Sheraton.”
“Do you think he’s homesick?” 
Printer laughed. “No one is homesick for Natilus. It was a sinkhole of a colony and Hartley put a lot of creative effort into getting off it. I can’t see him changing his mind but he may have some ideas of vengeance – though I doubt anyone he knew still lives there. We were quite thorough when we cleaned it out for proper colonists. Where is Commander Hawthorne?”
“Still en route, probably with better intel. All we have is a destination and a handful of speculation. How is the food supply?”
“Shorter than planned. Your crewman is a fast runner.”
“Good.” He was a bit surprised at just how relieved he was over the fate of three convicts and a spy. He felt his chest unknot at their reprieve. “I think you should set up a brig somewhere.” He gestured vaguely towards the far side of the ship.
Printer paused, stilling even his tics. “Outside of the perimeter?” he ventured slowly.
“Out of the hangar.” Arman clarified with a nod. “Over there, or maybe above us. Close, but not out in the open.”
“Sheltered, as it were.” The bureaucrat showed he was quick on the uptake. If there was any action hundreds of civilians milling around in the landing area would be very bad news. “Yes, that might be a wise precaution. I will start arranging it presently.”
“Presently?”
“You did say there was no urgency. I think we might take the time to do things properly and get everyone fully and finally settled. Let’s say, over the next two days.”
So Dregor had spilled beans as well. “That should do it.” he admitted grudgingly, much to Printer’s amusement. If not even that bait could tempt him the man certainly wasn’t leaving until he had spoken to Hawthorne.
The commander was not tardy, though he was filthy. His forehead was divided by a white strip where his helmet had rested, the remainder being grey sweat grime. Sections of his pants were still damp with ship slime and he had got rid of the jacket altogether. He brought with him a strong odour of stale sewage which quickly made the chamber stiflingly unpleasant. Nevertheless Arman straightened to his full attention.
“I went to Ops first.” Hawthorne began. “Dregor tells me you’re up to speed?”
“On the what, maybe. On the why, certainly not. Seless and Hazel?”
“She has concussion. He just got a headache. I sent them to Mirehead.”
“Hartley?”
Hawthorne nodded sheepishly. “I left Hazel on watch. Next time I’ll take another scout along and let him sleep. He didn’t even see the boy coming.”
“The boy escaped?”
“Yes sir. He made sure I was unarmed and one against one before he started talking. There was no opportunity to take him.”
Not a fool, but then they knew that already. “He found you?” Hawthorne nodded. “So all of this is purely his idea?” Another nod. “What does he want?”
“To destroy the station, apparently.”
Arman felt his spirits rise higher than they’d been in years, but Printer frowned. “The station?” he repeated, puzzled. “But he’s hardly been to Natilus station. He’s from the tropical continent. I’m not sure he even boarded it in transit to Shani for his trial.”
“I’m just the messenger. He asked for help to destroy the station, and that is what he’s willing to pay for.”
“Not demand?”
“No. He said he wanted to “barter our services”. It sounded as though Jethabel has a contracting structure for working with a crew. He asked me to come back with an offer.”
Arman’s spirits slammed into a wall of pride. “We’re not goddam mercenaries to be bribed into battle!”
“I doubt he meant offence.” Printer soothed. “Hartley has no concept of honour or duty himself, and we don’t know that the ship does either, so of course they assume we work for self-interest.”
 “That’s as may be...” Arman grumbled. He was over a barrel, but he had standards. It wasn’t as though straight cash was on the table, though. Payment in kind was perhaps acceptable? He thought of the very short list of supplies they possessed, the very long list of things they desperately needed. That was before considering a safe port to drop off the civilians, or ultimately signing the monster up to the war effort. “Did he give any indication of the usual fee?”
Hawthorne paused. “No, not really. In fact he didn’t even mention what he had to offer us. He has fresh water, but that was about the only useful things we found. He must be desperate for supplies himself. He wouldn’t be asking our help if he could think of another way.”
“So you think this is a raid? Mr Printer thinks it’s a revenge job.”
“There’s something personal in it,” Hawthorne nodded, “but frankly if the ship can’t destroy the station on its own we sure as hell can’t help it. We don’t have a space worthy craft between us. If he needs us, then even though he said “destroy” he must mean “board and take”.”
Even Printer had to nod along to that one. Their feeble capabilities were obvious even to him. “Strategically Scion four would be a better target for us. It has a law-abiding population under occupation, it’s slightly closer to the front, it has proper stock-piles and a space port. Most importantly it hosts the sector’s main comm. relay. Without any of that Natilus barely counts as a military target.”
“I don’t think the target is negotiable, sir.”
“Neither do I, but it is a shame.” He closed his eyes briefly. “We have to be careful not to over promise. We’re going to need to make more than one of these bargains before we can get off this barge. On the other hand, we need that food and we have to have it whether the kid likes it or not.”
“Then we are agreed?” Printer nodded confirmation as though the decision had been his to make, or at all in doubt. “Do you want me to return with you commander? To deal with Hartley.”
“Uh no, thank you commissariat. I think that would be a complication too far.” Oddly Hawthorne blushed. He couldn’t be falling under Printer’s influence now, surely? He’d proved surprisingly loyal so far.
 
*

Greg helped Printer to his feet but lingered as if he had private words to say to the captain. Only when the lawman was safely away did he salute and head off himself. He couldn’t face the knowing look any longer.
In Ops he found every engineer they had loitering before the visual display arguing whether it could or could not be live feed. If it was archive footage it was recent (the Tren green and gold banners could not have been painted on the hull for long), and showed no sign of being on a loop. If it was live, where was the camera and why was it transmitting potentially dangerous details such as how frequently shuttles arrived? 
In part to repair the recent damage to his ego he yelled at the engineers so loudly they were sprinting after Printer and back to their duties in under a minute. Some even looked genuinely frightened of him, as though rumours about the field trip were actually building his credibility. Or a reputation for needing to take it out on someone, which he supposed wasn’t really far off the mark. As he surveyed the suddenly desolate Ops he remembered why he had put himself forward for promotion in the first place. It was satisfying to be instantly obeyed.
He was less satisfied with who the exodus had left behind. Dregor was only to be expected. So too was Hazel, sporting a head bandage and refusing to meet Greg’s eye. He had been gossiping then. Ramsay was an unpleasant surprise. “What is he doing here?” he demanded.
“Captain’s orders.” Dregor answered simply. The three men were crowded around the same console, far enough away from the active screens to have hidden their conversation from the crowd but close enough it didn’t really look like that was what they were doing. It wasn’t Dregor’s normal spot and Greg wondered which of them had come up with this piece of sneakiness. He was willing to blame Ramsay, but it didn’t reflect well on the officers if they had blindly followed the Tren’s suggestion.
“That doesn’t really answer my question, commander. I know who ordered it. I wanted to know why.”
“Because he’s useful.” Hazel pointed out a bit sulkily. “His deductions about the ship are interesting.”
“But are they reliable?” Greg questioned. Ramsay was devoutly Tren, inbred with contempt of the Alliance and it’s so called barbarism. He could probably tell more about Jethabel from the hangar than Hazel could from a full ship search, but that meant nothing if he wouldn’t share.
“Don’t worry, commander, he’s tame. He knows that after what he did to Taylor he’s never going home, and realities like that do wonderful things for a man’s perspective.”
Ramsay smiled without humour. “Oh yes.” He flourished his tracker dramatically. “I am well and truly leashed. I am curious why you want me at the moment though. There’s nothing extraordinary about these readings.”
“Hey!” Hazel objected. “I just spend a whole day collecting those much more accurate and fascinating readings, myself, in some very dangerous places.”
“My apologies.” Ramsay adjusted his spectacles nervously. “Of course they’re good to have, but they don’t reveal anything I hadn’t already deduced from within the perimeter.”
Greg knew that could not be the case. At worst they were confirming what the Tren had guessed at, and solid evidence was better than “good to have”. He glared at the agent, who was completely unfazed. It was all a question of risk and reward, and he knew it. “Alright. Show him the real goods Hazel.”
Hazel hesitated, showing he did have some trust threshold, but finally he tapped the controls of his handheld sensor and uploaded a second data stream. Then he sat back nibbling at his thumbnail as Ramsay carefully reviewed it.
The Tren looked to be enjoying himself at first. He was the kind of man who found his excitement in new data and his satisfaction in solving the puzzle. Apart from the tracker he looked like a harmless lab assistant, middle-aged and physically unimpressive. Which was a very good qualification in a spy, but not as good as the ability to think several steps ahead of everyone else and lie with conviction. As he got further through the data Ramsay started to look more and more uncertain, like he had missed the point and wasn’t used to the concept. “It’s a perfectly normal human bio-signature.” he complained. “Nothing unusual about it.”
“Yeah.” Hazel affirmed. “That’s what Mirehead said about it as well.”
“And you’re certain it’s Hartley’s?” Dregor asked. Hazel gave him a black look and he retracted the question. 
Greg settled himself down where he could still flatten Ramsay if need be. “So what does that tell us?”
“That the sensors are being given the run-around.” Dregor shrugged. “It’s not all that hard to do, and could be based on the same technology that’s blocking us from reading the lower decks. The ship is concealing what it has done to Hartley.”
“Forgive me for suggesting, but are we certain it has done anything?” Ramsay offered. “Perhaps his reaction is based on a psychological training, brainwashing or some form of psychic ability.”
“Psychic ability!” Arman scoffed. No one had heard him come in so they all started, and the officers shot to their feet to salute. “Keep your damned religion out of it. If you can’t stick to the facts hold your tongue.”
Ramsay’s eyes hardened perceptively. “There is nothing unscientific about psychic phenomena.” he stated coldly. “It is only your insistence on distancing yourselves from the universe around you which leads you to doubt it. If you were not so closed and insular…”
“Enough of your propaganda!” The captain raised a warning finger. “If I hear even the rumour that you’ve been spreading such filth in the direction of my crew you will spend the rest of a very long life with only ghosts to talk to.”
Ramsay shut his jaw so firmly Greg was sure he had literally bitten his tongue to keep back the fundamentalist rebuttal. He did not, of course, show any signs of changing his own firmly held beliefs, but the captain seemed to take that for granted and be satisfied with silence.
“Right.” Hazel cleared his throat. “We’re certain that the readings are wrong because there are physical symptoms. Commander Hawthorne and I both saw what looks like armour plating over Hartley’s arm, but it’s not on his bio-signature. Not even as an external machine or piece of clothing.”
“Armour?” Ramsay asked intently, apparently having swallowed his anger. “As in a graft or donated organ from Jethabel?”
Hazel checked briefly with Arman but the captain signalled that the answer wasn’t classified. Greg disagreed but it wasn’t his call. “Yes, it looked like a graft, but without any genuine sensors I can’t guarantee it.”
“Then I must see it for myself.” Ramsay insisted immediately. “And if possible these new sections of Jethabel as well.”
“You said there was nothing new in them.” Greg reminded him flatly.
“Sensors.” The Tren shrugged dismissively. “They can tell you dimensions and chemical constructions, but to learn how a lifeform functions one must watch it actually living. Is its heart large enough? One can take all the measurements one likes, but one can only decide when comparing it to the oxygen consumption of the ship. Does it really need five brains or are some merely glorified nerve clusters and redundant systems? How do all these disparate systems fit together? A sensor can tell you what they are doing now, but it takes lateral thinking to deduce what they might be capable of doing in the future. No, I must see it for myself before I can be certain of any hypothesis.”
Greg grimaced, noting that even the captain was suitably dubious of that request. Ramsay escorted in the hangar, where he was denied access to any non-authorised personnel, was one thing. Ramsay forging an independent opinion of Hartley was altogether more dangerous, even without allowing for the reciprocal impressions. And what Hartley’s savage little mind would make of the Tren’s survival of the fittest dogma was a minefield of its own. 
The doctor sensed the denial coming and changed his argument from scholarly enthusiasm to military sense, proving in the process that he was equally well versed in both. “I would also be valuable in negotiations, captain.” he ventured diffidently. “I assume that you will be attempting to reason with this criminal, Joshua Hartley. Of all of your… assets, I am the most likely to know whether his or Jethabel’s demands are reasonable, and of those which are vitally important to them.”
“Any rational man could know that.” Arman contradicted.
“I’m sure they could.” Ramsay said in a tone which implied the opposite. “Just as I am sure that our friend Hazel here has memorised every chemical nutrient an alien of this type would require, for each of its functions. Bearing in mind, of course, that Hartley has been known to lie about Jethabel’s capabilities.”
The captain’s eyes narrowed. Hazel had given a small shake of his head to formally deny that he could do that. Of the rest of the crew only Mirehead had a hope but he’d only ever treated Earth-evolved species. “You do realise what we’ll be bargaining with Hartley for?” he asked. It was almost an accusation. However convenient Ramsay’s defection would be, Arman really didn’t approve of turncoats and had a towering contempt of them. 
“I imagine it won’t be peaceful.” Ramsay admitted loftily. “In fact I’d be very surprised if the destruction of my people wasn’t at the top of the agenda.”
“Then why help us?”
“Two reasons. Firstly, symbiosis with an alien race is…” He paused to search for words. “Jethabel is such a perfect ideal for my people. A natural-born creature who can propel us through the stars with no more need to desecrate even the most barren of moons for ores and metal, and none of the hideous pollution produced by even the best of our technology. If the destruction of a fleet of my people is the price for revealing the reality of such a wondrous being, then their lives are well expended. And I am certain that once they have settled in their new non-corporeal, higher states they will agree with me.”
By now Ramsay was smiling beatifically, his faith in concord with his decisions. Then he blinked and his expression took a sardonic cast. “Besides, and secondly, I truly doubt you will succeed. Jethabel has incredibly advanced armour, and the vast majority of armoured creatures are non-predatory. I haven’t yet encountered any evidence of his feeding habits, but he has no need of defensive weapons and if he doesn’t hunt he won’t need aggressive ones either. No evolutionary need for weaponry implies that he doesn’t have any.” His smile widened further at their consternation. “I can live with gifting the Alliance a very fast troop carrier, in return for being able to study it.”
“I think you’re wrong about the guns.” Arman said. “Nothing this big could be so harmless.”
“You’re the expert, captain.” Ramsay bowed mockingly. “Do you agree that I can help you?”
Arman’s lips pursed angrily. “Yes.” he admitted. “Hazel will have your tracker control at all times.”
“I never doubted it for a moment.” the Tren agreed smoothly. “If we have a few moments before departing I think I will study these readings again. Just to confirm my findings.”
“Sure.” Greg allowed sourly. He hoped Hazel was as good at controlling Ramsay as the captain seemed to think. He had enough problems dealing with Josh to have to worry about the doctor as well.

Chapter 20

The second time Greg crept through the heart chamber the main screen beyond was lit a uniform yellow, paler and brighter but a similar tone to Jethabel’s usual glow. It chased away the shadows and the mystery to leave a rather drab, utilitarian space, like an atrium terrace no one had ever decorated. The light created a safe, unthreatening environment, very practical and slightly bigger than his imagination had painted it from the bare schematics. He appreciated the gesture to their security, but it lacked the freedom of the starscape, the dizzying illusion of being lost and yet knowing where he was going... He was disappointed. He tried to recapture his fondness for his old console. The small red and blue dots marking vessels and asteroids had been his window onto space for so long he used to feel adrift without their guidance. It was no good any more. Jethabel had permanently spoiled him. 
“Josh?” he called. The cavern deadened the sound, absorbing it into the living walls.
They waited for a few minutes but if Hartley heard he chose not to answer. Cautiously Greg motioned Seless and Leon to port while he took Hazel and Ramsay down the starboard ramp. The Tren had spent the long walk pointing out features of the walls in deeply technical language and the monotonous tone of a school teacher. Greg assumed he had done it partly to show off and mostly to irritate, but the most annoying thing was that as soon as he reached the genuinely interesting heart he had shut up and Hazel had been unable to draw him into any further discussion. Now he walked on the hull side of Hazel carefully absorbing every detail and holding his own counsel.
Curving round either side of the cavity both paths emerged onto the same slim balcony stretch of the lower deck, but Greg liked the security of sweeping both sides. He had expected Josh to be waiting for them, possibly even to ambush them, but apart from their own echoing footsteps the forward decks seemed empty. 
As he stood debating whether to search further and risk offence, Greg felt a missile pass behind him. He whirled, rifle tracking. Seless’ laser sight was also gliding down the far wall. It came to rest above their heads where a triple pronged grappling hook had embedded. Around it the pale ichor of Jethabel’s blood was already congealing, almost hiding the slender wire which led back to the edge of the deck and pulled taut.
“Bit strange.” Hazel commented.
“You say that like it’s not the norm around here.” Seless muttered. “Doesn’t look like it can do much damage, sir.”
“Sort of depends where it hits.” Greg shivered. He had a vision of those skeletal claws tearing into his skin.
The wire loosened abruptly and he heard something falling from above. He, Seless and Leon dropped into alert crouches. Ramsay flattened himself to the deck and Hazel hesitated between staying guard and backing away So he nearly caught a foot to the face as Hartley swung through. The boy overshot the claw by a few feet of wire and his outstretched length, bounced off the fleshy wall and was pulled back by the recoil till he touched the deck near its edge. The claw detached itself and was pulled into the boy’s right hand, its joints straightening till it latched between the tendons of his knuckles. The skin around the join was broken and scabbed, but if it hurt Hartley gave no sign as he flexed it to make sure it was secured.
“I was busy.” he apologised, ignoring their surprise. “I didn’t mean to be late.”
“We all have jobs to do.” Greg offered in acceptance as they slowly put up their guns.
“Yes. You don’t happen to have a blanket do you? I’m cold.”
Greg was not surprised. Hartley was soaked and dripping blue-tinted liquid, the remains of his jumpsuit sagging and clinging uncomfortably with the weight of the “water”. The nominal unattractiveness of it barely managed to dent his appeal. The bath had cleared the mucous from him, apart from the new flow sealing his hand, and the implant looked less repulsive, more functional when it was clean. It even had a healthy bronze sheen. Or maybe it was just that Greg knew a little of its uses now.
Wordlessly Seless shrugged out of her pack and passed Hartley her jacket. The youth took it without a trace of gratitude and shrugged it over his shoulders. “Have you finished your preparations?”
“The captain has agreed to help.” Greg acknowledged.
“I know.” Hartley stated. “Why else would you be back?” His gaze had drifted to Ramsay’s tracker, flicked once to the controls in Hazel’s hand, and back to the Tren’s face. His lips twitched in what might have been surprise or a smile, but he returned his attention to Greg without speaking. “That wasn’t what I asked.”
“The plan has been agreed.” the commander elaborated cautiously. This was more or less true. There were a lot of variables and even Arman’s tactical experience had struggled to come up with an attack plan for forty two crew against a full station complement, with an unknown shopping list and unknown ship capabilities. He had taken as much of their two days as he dared to tease out the details, while Greg had spent his time catching up on his sleep and getting in some shooting practise. He had also had a long proper shower and had his uniform cleaned and mended, so if he was killed his corpse would look presentable. Josh was getting nowhere near the fresh-laundered jacket. “The captain is arranging the details now. I presume you have an arrival time?”
“We are already within the system, but we have not been detected so there is no urgency. Human sensors are so imprecise. I don’t know why.” He sighed. “Sometimes Jethabel must treat me as a child to make me understand – my knowledge is so small and the little I have so misguided.”
“You’re young and untrained.” Greg reminded him. “Hazel has a better chance of understanding if you explain it to him.”
Josh’s eyes widened in sudden and, Greg believed, genuine panic. They looked inwards, scanning from side to side as though he was reading the inside of his own eyeballs. Then he smiled and relaxed. “No.” he concluded. “Hazel would make an inferior interface to me.”
Hazel coughed uncertainly. “I’m not looking to be in your shoes. Not ever.”
“That is one factor in your unsuitability. Jethabel doesn’t want to share his life with someone who isn’t happy to do it.”
“He would feel guilty?” Hazel supposed, trying too hard not to sound relieved.
“Sort of.” Josh shrugged. “The station is in range of the small craft and primary weapons now. If you require a specific attack vector or multiple targets please state it during negotiations. Otherwise Jethabel will take the most power-efficient route.” He paused, once again consulting with the ship. “Jethabel’s people have a standard ship to captain contract which he suggests we use as a basis for our trade.”
“That would depend on what the contract says.” Greg sat down as a sign they were starting the bargain. Josh and Hazel followed suit, but Seless simply leaned back against the wall gun in hand. Leon had moved off to where he could keep the ramps in his sights and seemed to be paying them no mind at all. Ramsay parked himself distinctly apart from his captors but still close enough to be included if he wished. Greg had the ominous suspicion he was planning something. Not a new thought, he admitted, but more immediate than usual. To try and stay a step ahead he began quickly. “The captain is all set to destroy Natilus without much in return but our continued life-support and goodwill.” To his left Ramsay flinched. No one had mentioned the target to him before. He closed his eyes for a calming breath, then resumed his scientific study. Greg nodded slightly to himself. So Natilus was an acceptable exchange to the traitor. Good to know.
Josh frowned. “Goodwill? That is just a way of saying unspecified favours at a later date.” He shook his head firmly. “That’s a bad way to do business.”
“Ok.” Greg adjusted rapidly. “What’s in your proposed contract?”
The boy cleared his throat and fell into ship-voice, reciting as a litany. “The Captain is responsible for the crew and speaks for them. He trades their services to the ship. Ship maintenance, repairs and the obtaining of non-subsistence supplies are services the crew may provide.
“The ship is responsible for its own flesh and the Pilot. It decides where it goes and what it does. Life support, quarters, routes and weaponry are services belonging to the ship and traded to the Captain. The Pilot speaks for the ship.”
Hartley paused to check they were following him. “You’re the Pilot?” Seless clarified.
“Yes. I am of the ship. All other life forms on board are of the crew. They answer to the Captain and he answers for them.”
“So Captain Arman may choose who does and does not come aboard?” Greg qualified.
“Yes. Up to a point.”
“Which point?” Greg pressed. Possibly too urgently but Jethabel had, after all, denied over two hundred people the right to stay in the hangar just two weeks before.
“The point where the services offered by the crew as a whole are sufficient to barter for the support that crew, again as a whole, require.” Josh smiled coldly. “In the judgement of the ship, of course.”
“Ah.” Greg considered for a moment. “So you might limit our numbers to the ship’s tolerances but would not, for example, demand Printer’s head on a platter.”
“Exactly.” Josh’s smile disappeared at that and the acknowledgement was decidedly sulky, but Greg could live with his reluctant agreement. “In all things the needs of the ship come first. Services which are vital to the survival of the ship cannot be bartered for, they must be given freely. Jethabel’s survival is of benefit to all of us.”
“That sounds fair.” As long as the ship stayed reasonably biddable. If it started to look like it would go over to the enemy, willingly or captured, then it would have to be put down, but that was a problem for tomorrow. “So what do we barter for?”
“At the moment, the ship wishes to barter for non-subsistence supplies. We want a selection of nutrients.” Josh raised the palm of his right hand, which was glowing brighter and darker apparently in time to his pulse, and pointed it at Hazel’s computer, which beeped in response. “Listed there. This will allow Jethabel to resume his full health. As you know, he already has enough health to support the existing crew, so this desire must be bargained for.”
Hazel passed the computer over so Greg could review the list. He didn’t recognise many of the components. It seemed to be describing chemicals by their atomic weights and make-up rather than by name. The quantities were small for such a massive vessel and his rapid scan through missed any oxygen or water. Reluctantly he gestured Hazel to pass the list the other way, to Ramsay, and hoped the Tren could make more sense of it.
While Ramsay scrolled through the commander turned back to Josh. The Pilot had been watching the silent exchange intently, not a difficult expression to achieve with eyes so huge. “Surely there are easier ways of getting these nutrients?” he queried. “There’s nothing chemically unique about Natilus station, and it must have been light years further than other sources.”
“It wasn’t chosen on purely chemical grounds,” Hartley admitted, “but it does possess these supplies. We wanted to feed naturally, but the planets Jethabel normally grazed on are colonies now. He is vulnerable when he’s feeding so we couldn’t stop at any of them. So we have decided to steal what we need. We also require a single addition to the crew.”
“Who?”
“My sister, Amy.”
Greg blinked and had a good think about how to broach that topic. “Our records,” he began slowly, “say that Amy Hartley was injured before your…” He searched for an alternative to bloody rampage and settled on “Arrest. She was still comatose when the Tren captured Natilus.”
“Yes.” Josh agreed simply. “She got sick. It was another epidemic. She survived but she was in a stable coma. I sold her to a madam trawling the city for pervert-bait. She would have got good medical care in the cat house.” He shrugged. “If she still needs care then we will bargain with the Captain for this when she comes aboard.”
“Josh, the Tren don’t keep people alive mechanically.” Greg shook his head gently. “Anyone who couldn’t breathe, eat and drink by themselves would have died within the week. It’s their natural way.”
“I thought so too, but the Tren archive for this sector states she was moved to the station alive and remains there.”
“That’s not possible.”
“That’s the case.” Josh flared. “I’m not an innocent child to cling to hopes against facts. There is a chance that the census is wrong but that is what it states.”
The Pilot glared at Greg with a passion which for once was not attractive. Despite his insistence of maturity his face was screwed up like a teenager throwing a tantrum. As his glamour momentarily broke Greg noticed that he actually looked fairly sick. The edges of his eyes were bloodshot, his skin clammy as it dried and he had lost what little flesh he had been carrying. He obviously wasn’t looking after himself.
Before Greg could jeopardise his professionalism by offering food and medicine, Ramsay broke his silence. “It is possible that the census was correct.” he volunteered.
Josh beamed victoriously, instantly re-establishing himself as a sex toy and earning a scowl from Greg in the process. “Joshua Hartley.” he introduced himself, holding out his mutilated hand out. “Pilot.”
The Tren took it calmly and gave it a firm shake. “Dr Michael Ramsay. Prisoner of war.” His hand came away smeared with half congealed slime which he unselfconsciously rubbed off on his pants. “Luckily for all concerned, I know a bit more about Tren operations than these Alliance officers do. It is true that most critically ill people would be euthanized within our borders. Why would they want to cling to such a pointless existence, being such a burden to their comrades, when freedom beckoned?” He shook his head in dismay at the vagaries of the human survival instinct. “It’s really only a ploy to delay the grief of loved ones, and not a very successful one at that. 
“However, we are not monsters. We make allowances for differences of opinion on former Alliance worlds. It smoothes the transition until we can educate them as to why our method is truly for the best. If Amy can breathe independently, and has someone to care for her, she may well have fallen into this loophole and been fed artificially until the courts could decide her fate. If her carer was prepared to contest her death, it could take several years for the medical tribunals to finish. It wouldn’t be what one would call a priority case.”
“That is good to know, Dr Ramsay.” Josh grinned flirtatiously. “A prisoner of war, you say? Are you new? I don’t recognise you from the prison. I’ve never met a Tren before. Are you all so nice?”
“No.” Greg barked. “Most of them are bastards.”
“Have you met many?” Josh asked, obviously amused by the strong whiff of jealousy in the response.
“At the other end of a gun, yes.”
“I wonder why they could possibly want to shoot you.” Ramsay wondered sardonically. “Don’t worry, commander. I gave my word not to try to convert Mr Hartley and his beautiful friend to the better way, and I will keep my promise. I don’t believe it extends to holding back relevant information though, do you?”
“Back track.” Hazel interrupted the budding argument. “You learned this from the Tren archive? You have access to secure Tren transmissions?”
“Not really.” Josh shook his head. “Jethabel is not a computer. He can hear their transmissions but he cannot decode them. He copied the database from one of the Tren ships chasing you from Sheraton. It had already been decoded by its own system and was easier to translate. Even so it took him several days to make sense of the digital files and he concentrated on the most simple.” He smiled self-deprecatingly. “He was only looking for updated navigational data. It’s been a long time since Jethabel last had to travel and we’re badly out of date.”
Hazel nodded, obviously disappointed. “No chance I can have a copy of that is there?”
“You would like this as payment for the transport of supplies and my sister?”
Greg glanced questioningly at Ramsay. The prisoner blinked at him in puzzlement and only caught the hint when Hazel tapped the nutrients list pointedly. “Oh.” He pushed his glasses further up his nose reflexively. “Yes. Um, they have a street value of around sixty thousand francs and no unbarricaded Tren station would carry less than this of any of these chemicals. A few are dangerous in each other’s company so will be stored separately, and there are two genuine explosives and a very strong acid which I imagine would be in a secure area. They will need special handling.” He paused to consider Josh. “I presume you need those for digestion?”
“Weapons.” Josh corrected smoothly.
“Ah, I wondered.” The Tren frowned. He obviously didn’t like admitting his theories were wrong. “They’re artificial compounds and I’ve never seen an entity require, but be unable to self-produce, them. Mostly they’re poisonous.”
Josh smiled. “You’re very good.” he approved. “Yes, Jethabel’s external weaponry was added by his builders through gene therapy and a few cybernetic touches, like his increased size. They do require a lot of maintenance.”
“I can imagine.” Ramsay agreed, sounding like he really could and was much happier about this scenario than him having missed the signs of normal evolution. “So the ship isn’t really a natural creature?” he added wistfully.
“Why would it matter? He’s no less alive for having a builder rather than parents. If it makes you feel better the basic design evolved on its own. They just tweaked him to fit their purpose better. Like he did to me.”
“Well, I suppose that’s fair.” Ramsay still sounded disappointed. “They have removed his independence at the same time, though. You can’t get these supplies unless you take them from a colony.”
Josh’s face darkened. “There’s nothing wrong with that. He’s fine.” He turned away from the Tren in an apparent huff. “We will get them without your help.” 
“But you don’t need to.” Greg brought his attention back. “We’re willing to take on Natilus on your behalf, in return for our continued life support for a month. We also want the database and copies of all human transmissions from now on, in payment for rescuing your sister.”
 “Deal.” Josh held out his hand, the gunk covering it already congealed around the wounds like amber scabs. Greg failed miserably not to show his revulsion as he shook it. “I will remain here if you need me further.”
“Yes, that would probably be for the best. Good doing business with you.” He wiped his hand absently on his pants and wondered how Ramsay had kept such a straight face at the jellified touch of the Pilot’s blistered palm. “Can we have your permission to use the vessels in the second hangar again?”
“My permission?” Josh raised an eyebrow quizzically. “They are internal life forms. Crew, not ship. The Captain may use them as he sees fit.”
“Oh. I hadn’t thought of it that way. I’ll be sure to let the captain know.”

*

Josh has got the better of our saboteur, Printer decided. He had prayed that would be the case, since it was the next best thing to being rid of Ramsay altogether and he couldn’t manage that through Arman’s interference. He hadn’t even been able to prevent the two from being introduced. If they did acquire a good supply of food he would have to work harder on a different permanent solution to the Tren, but it helped that Josh hadn’t taken the bait.
Ramsay looked pleasingly dissatisfied as he was handed back to Riley and led to his new cell – one of a dozen alcoves behind the newly claimed bureau. Only four were occupied, of course, and there was a maximum of space left between Ramsay and his fellow inmates. The Tren wasn’t pleased about that either but he had better sense than to be surprised.
The lieutenant who had returned him had made to go, but Printer stopped him with a polite “How did it go?”
Hazel shrugged. “As well as it could, I suppose. The kid had his civil head on and he’s not asking for anything unreasonable. Ramsay more or less behaved himself.” He frowned. “They were flirting at each other for a bit, but I don’t think Hartley was buying any of it. If you’ll excuse me, I have to get back to Ops. We’re on a tight schedule now.”
Printer smoothed the small frown that had been forming but even his best professionally curious face couldn’t keep the lieutenant in his office. It was difficult to look professional when your desk was basically an overloaded camping table, but this was a step up from not having an office at all and to date Hazel had proved himself an invaluable gossip. Was he truly too busy to talk, or had something changed to still his tongue?
When the officer was gone it was deathly quiet. The prisoners were subdued by their close call yesterday and the free passengers were too busy settling in to their new quarters to bother him with anything. It reminded Printer of small town Sheriff’s offices – man, deputy and charges all waiting for the call to action. The comparison to the bustle of the hangar made the silence even more oppressive. He was no longer used to having personal space.
It occurred to him that this turnaround in their general fortunes was not necessarily an uplift for him personally. I have allowed myself to be sidelined, he mused. Literally, in this case. Physically removed from the place of command. The captain was more subtle than he looked, and he would also be more popular if he succeeded in providing food tomorrow. Could I have avoided that? Probably not without hindering the relief effort, which would be very counter-productive.
And yet at the same time I cannot be seen to stand idly by and allow my authority to be eroded. We will never be rid of martial law that way. He smiled slightly. If they were dividing the ship down the middle, he knew of one function which should certainly be on the civilian side.
Chapter 21

Hawthorne saluted. He looked the part at least, with his combat visor down and a thick enough jacket his lankiness wasn’t obvious. He would never have made a marine, but Arman had to concede he was closer than his captain. His own days of hand-to-hand combat were well over, unfortunately. So it would have to be the commander leading the boarding party and the captain staying a sitting duck spectator.
Arman stifled his jealousy as he returned the salute and watched the commander stride purposefully from the bridge, followed by Seless and Hazel. They knew his plan inside out, but it rankled that there was nothing else he could do to help them. If they met with hard resistance there were no reserves to send. If the Tren had more ships in the area than the sensors showed, he couldn’t take them on. In fact he couldn’t make sure this hulk even stuck around to let them back on. He was only empowered to watch their progress on a screen and supervise Dregor hacking Natilus’ computer core – a task constant interference was likely to detract from anyway. Both skills with no great honour accruing from them.
He seated himself in his new chair. It wasn’t a proper command chair. Command posts did not have floral patterned cushions. It didn’t swivel so he had to crane his neck to see the back half of the ring of terminals. It didn’t have suspension and it wasn’t bolted to the deck, so there was a real risk he would be ignominiously toppled over mid-manoeuvre. But it was still the best chair on the ship. He hadn’t asked where Hawthorne had got it from, which he would regret later if it turned out he wouldn’t get another chance to ask.
“Okay. Give me an update, commander.”
“Yes sir.” Dregor was getting the hang of his new rank at last. “We are turning into the system proper now. Sensors should pick us up any moment... Yes, there they go. We have an alert from the outer sentry. She’s only a two gunner and she’s not moving to intercept. The station is still silent. Nothing from the planet either.”
Moments ticked by. Long moments. This lot weren’t at the top of their game, and why should they be on a minor planet so far from the front? He had counted on it, and signs were promising, but it was too early yet for confidence. Finally, “They are sounding the alarm. There’s an SOS. Inter-stellar – they’re not expecting anyone to be in attack range. Jethabel... is not jamming it.” Dregor checked his screens and shook his head. “And I don’t have the juice to jam it. It’s going through.”
“We’re not staying long.” Arman pointed out coolly. Even if he had wanted to, they had never had enough manpower to hold the system, so it didn’t matter to them how fast help arrived after they were gone. In some respects this was better. If the SOS got out it would be public knowledge before the Tren propaganda machine could get its hands on it. “Tell Hawthorne he is good to go.” And on his own.

*

Mirehead had rigged a triage area at the base of the ramp forward of the lower hangar. It looked even more basic than his new sickbay, which he had only just finished transferring all of his salvaged kit into. There had been so much grumbling involved in this that Greg had avoided him all day. Maybe it was true that his patients should not have been moved, and perhaps Arman’s decision to evict civilians from the port sections was arbitrary, but it was the captain’s call and his first officer would have had to back it up if pressed. Now it was done he hoped to simply avoid the subject. “You’ll be lucky to fit three beds in here, doctor.”
Mirehead shrugged. “It’s the only free area unless you fancy carrying the wounded a half mile or so to my new place, and I didn’t want to block the ramp. Have you been invited to my house-warming by the way?” He gave a tight, sarcastic smile. “I was thinking of throwing it tomorrow when I’ll doubtless have more guests, always assuming I still have the house by then.”
“Peace Stephen.” Greg spread his hands helplessly. “You were complaining about the noise from the barracks anyway. The new location will be more tranquil at least.”
Mirehead went to protest but couldn’t think of the words. “True.” he sighed. “It just feels so much like being relegated, and you know I’ll be tarred with the same brush as Printer from now on.” Greg didn’t bother to contradict him. The doctor had never been militaristic enough for Arman and now he didn’t even wear a uniform to remind anyone of his rank. “I’ll need to cultivate new allies, I suppose. And we both know there’s a scarcity of them around. Well, if you’re going to be convicted anyway, might as well be guilty.” 
The doctor looked around his small posting and sighed again. “You’re right, of course. Three or four patients tops, but I have another two hours to get it ready before any of you get back. Time enough to make it look more professional.” He ducked under a wire to get between the stretchers and lowered his voice as he approached the commander. “Frankly if there are more wounded than fit in here, I couldn’t treat them anyway. I only have one pair of hands.”
Greg opened his mouth and shut it again. Mirehead still looked like he hadn’t slept in days, despite being spelled by Elise. She wasn’t even a qualified nurse, just a field first aider. They had already been over the manifest twice. No medics, no pilots, seventeen lawyers. Go figure. “Do your best.” he said gently.
Turning, he marched into the hangar. Four ships were ready for launch, or so Hazel and Dregor assured him. They were among the largest of the craft and should be able to lift most of the shopping list between them. It was just a bit hard to tell for sure if they understood what was being asked of them. They had no pilot’s stations or display consoles, so if they had misunderstood Dregor’s data-feed no-one would know until they misbehaved and no-one on board would be able to stop them. Maybe not even Dregor would be able to stop them. The infantry about to board looked suitably nervous.
“Ok people. You’ve been briefed, you’ve been armed and you have all been shown how to shoot.” There were only forty-three military left on Jethabel and Arman wasn’t stupid enough to send them all off to battle. He needed a few to keep an eye on Printer’s people. But there was always the draft to fall back on. Greg’s team was sixty strong and a clear forty had been civvies this morning, removing most of the commissariat’s teeth as well as boosting crew numbers. Police, security, athletes, some that were just in the right age bracket – they had raw talent but they weren’t hard trained. They had uniforms and guns and they looked the part, though. Hopefully the Tren would stay far enough away to not notice.
“This is a directed assault. I don’t want any heroes.” He raised his voice to a bellow as the acoustics weren’t great. It felt stronger, and therefore better, anyway. “We all want to strike back. We’ve all lost someone. Damn, four fifths of this crew haven’t made it this far. But Natilus is not that important. We’re going to blow it into oblivion and the Tren will treat it like a midge bite. All we are doing is fetching supplies so our next strike will be worth dying for.” He paused for a cheer but they were too worn down, or too unused to a parade ground, to pick up the cue, so after a brief pause he continued. “Stay with your commander.” He gestured at Seless, Jack and Leon, who would be leading the other teams. “Grab what you can and come back. Anyone late back to the shuttle will be left behind. Anyone wounded bad enough not to be walking will be left behind.” He caught Seless’ eye before she could object and shook his head slightly. There was no point taking extra fire for people who’d just die on Mirehead’s deck anyway. 
“Good luck.” He dismissed them to their craft. His own team drifted towards him against the flow of the majority of the crowd. He was planning to leave last. The other three teams would land in the supply decks around the middle of the station and raid the stores. They each had shopping lists, but if they met resistance, which they would, it would be a smash and grab job. They should get food and clothing but they probably wouldn’t get the valuable or dangerous stuff from its special lockers. Still, it was best that they pulled the guards away from him. Firefights in civilian quarters were not his idea of fun.
“Are you fetching Amy?” Greg yelped, jumped and spun round ungracefully. This, of course, attracted everyone’s attention and probably put an irreparable dent in the hard reputation he had been hoping to develop among the new conscripts. It wouldn’t be long before the veterans explained that he was only hard-ass-in-training, and Arman got to be hard-ass-in-fact, but Greg had been looking forward to a few days of fun before they caught on. It was now ruined.
Josh had got changed. Or at least he’d found a pair of boots to replace his single shoe and ripped the top half of his prison jumpsuit off completely. The pants were cinched tight with a plain blue leather belt and he had found a simple grey vest which was the right size for his undernourished frame but fit oddly. After a moment’s confusion Greg realised he must have raided the last Pilot’s wardrobe and the garment was cut for a female. It left the monstrosity of his right arm for all to see, but even that had been cleaned and was looking relatively acceptable. He had made an effort to comb his ragged cut hair, but it looked like it had been done with his fingers. Seeing Greg’s attention he pushed a stray lock back behind his ear with his healthy hand, before latching his thumb onto the back of his belt in a rather shame-faced pose. Greg blinked helplessly, struggling to adjust to the seeming shyness of his neighbourhood sex-on-legs.
A glance around told the commander they had an audience, and that almost all the team had recognised who the stranger must be. Seless had drawn her rifle. Stupid, he thought. An empty threat was rarely worth making. He signalled for her to put it down. She wasn’t happy, but she obeyed.
“Yes, I am.” He had a sick feeling in his stomach. “There’s room on the shuttle if you’re coming.”
“I know, and I am.” Josh gave a bright, appealing smile. Greg suppressed his sigh. Josh trying to be attractive was a problem he could definitely have lived without, especially as it flew in the face of Printer’s psych profile and that was all he had to base his defence strategy on. The Pilot was supposed to be mentally and emotionally cold, not reciprocally involved. Greg decided he must be fooling himself again. His body’s reaction to Josh was strong, mixed and very unwise. Even parts of his mind insisted the boy was intriguing as well as patently dangerous. Still, business first.
“I have all the files on your sister, Josh. You won’t be needed to id her.”
“I will be needed to co-ordinate with Jethabel.”
“What?”
Josh sighed as though it were obvious. “We have considered your strategy and there is no provision for accident or adjustment. Jethabel has agreed to destroy the station, but we do not wish to destroy you with it. I’ll come along, in case we have to change our plans.”
“Sort of like a human-shaped radio?” Greg shook his head. “You’d be better placed in Ops. We’ll all send reports there and you’ll be safe.”
The too-large brown eyes flickered slightly. A rare flash of confusion quickly buried again beneath the carefully controlled smile. Then Josh’s head dipped slightly so he could watch the commander through his lashes. “I don’t feel safe among the crew when you’re not there Greg.”
One of the team guffawed and was covering it in a cough by the time Greg’s murderous gaze caught him. The commander glared until the man looked away. His comm. beeped and Arman’s voice crackled. “You’re running late, commander.”
Greg scowled. “We’re shipping out now, sir.” Cutting the captain off he turned back to Josh. “If you come along, you behave. Jethabel can’t afford to lose you and that means we can’t either. Stay where I can protect you.”
This time Hartley’s moment of doubt was clearer. He had seen it before, the inability to understand that anyone would want to protect anyone else. It was a criminal’s mindset and the conscripts who had it were normally sent back home. Even in the shock corps you didn’t get far in the army without trusting your team. He was very surprised when Josh nodded acceptance. He wondered if Jethabel had silently overruled his Pilot again.
Their shuttle had a wide loading ramp in the centre of its starboard side and a cargo bay rigged with horizontal ribs at a height just a bit too high for comfortable sitting. Hazel had bolted a dozen safety harnesses above these to approximate seats. He had warned the officers not to rely on the harnesses. There had been no time to test their effectiveness. This information had been shared only with the team leaders and the captain. The crew were nervous enough already, and there was nothing they could do about it.
The rest of the cargo bay was given over to stabilised pallet loaders and a stretcher rig with emergency med kit. It took up the space where the extra four crew were strapped in the other three teams. There was no harness for Josh, but Greg more than suspected he wouldn’t mind.
Hartley came last and the ramp sealed behind him before Hazel had time to pull the trigger chord. The boy glanced round the dim hold and wrinkled his nose dismissively. He did take a careful and prolonged look at the arrangement of wires, clamps and glue which connected the ship AI to the worryingly small computer firmly strapped to the bench next to Hazel. The lieutenant had a dark expression about that, but at the commander’s silent urging played nice. He even shifted some of his gear to make room for Josh to sit next to him and watch while he hit the launch instructions. Greg breathed easier when Josh complied. He’d been half afraid the Pilot would camp on his lap for the trip, and that would have been distracting (not to mention embarrassing) when he needed to think clearly.
They waited for minutes that stretched unrelentingly. Greg kept an eye on his watch, counting the seconds as the other teams cleared the bay. Right on schedule the ship lifted off. It felt incredibly smooth. The increase in internal pressure was barely noticeable, despite the vigour he knew was actually put in to the process. He realised with an uneasy start that if the creature’s suspension was that good he wouldn’t have much idea where they were going.
“I’m impressed.” Josh said. He sounded and looked genuine, giving Hazel a small nod of approval “Your understanding of the ship is greatly improved for such a short time.”
“Uh, thanks.” Hazel accepted the compliment at face value. “It’s a lot simpler than Jethabel is, of course, and we’re not trying to do anything complicated. It helps that this thing’s interface program actually works.”
“My interface works fine.” Josh chided mildly.
“Well, yes, but not with our computers.”
“Isn’t it better to have an interface that can talk to you?” Josh batted his eyelashes girlishly and casually invaded Hazel’s personal space.
“Yes.” The lieutenant lied as he leaned back and away. “Much less creepy.”
Josh stared at him intently for a beat, then laughed and sat back. “Good.” It seemed that Hazel had passed the test because for the rest of the trip the murderer sat quietly and tormented no-one. 
It was a smooth trip, but tense. The station was defended by two gun batteries which should have opened fire, as well as patrol ships hopefully concentrating on the bigger target of Jethabel cruising outside the station’s range. Greg began to fidget as they met no resistance. “There’s no fire?” he asked Hazel.
Hazel flashed him a quick smile. “There’s a lot of bad gunners.” he corrected. “Oh, wait, they’ve finally caught the range on Leon. I’ll… Oh.” He reflexively pulled his hands off the keyboard. “Okay. Apparently evasive manoeuvres engage automatically. All four shuttles are on randomised courses.”
Greg imagined what the g-force would be in standard shuttles and marvelled. The sharper turns shifted his seat, but not enough to strain the rudimentary harness. Josh and Hazel, both harness free, had no trouble keeping their places. It would have been hard to keep upright, though, so the technology must have thresholds somewhere. The cargo loaders and stretcher rattled against each other loudly, but they had been securely tied down and nothing broke loose.
He spotted a glint in Hartley’s eye and noticed the Pilot had suddenly dug his wire-claw into the ship’s side and flattened his feet against the deck. Anchorage. “Brace!” he yelled.
“What?” Hazel looked up from his screen in alarm. Just then the deck bucked convulsively and everyone jolted forwards, as though the ship had braked or crashed only nothing stopped that quickly in space. Hazel, the only person not sitting side-wise to the ship, had his head snapped back against Josh’s shoulder. Certain whiplash, if not concussion. He rubbed his neck gingerly as everyone else slid back and blinked away their surprise.
“We’ve been hit?”
“Uh.” Hazel bent back at his console. “No. There was nothing on the scope, and I’m not reading any damage. Not that I’d necessarily notice, of course, but those systems I can translate are still running to speed.” He tapped a few queries and cursed irritably. “Yes, we seem to be fine. I have no idea what it was.”
“He was opening a docking port.” Josh said helpfully.
“And how, exactly, did he do that?” Hazel snapped. “Commander, I’ve never seen this code before. It’ll take time to decipher.”
“Not a good time to lose the plot, lieutenant. What are you laughing at?”
Josh continued to snicker. “You. Planning a whole invasion and not asking if the ship had a gun.”
“I asked.” Greg realised how petulant that sounded and tried to qualify it professionally. “There was no recognisable weapons signature. Jethabel’s have a very distinct trace.”
“Really?” Josh seemed to consider that for a while and then smirked. “Yes, some of the secondary weapons are detectable when he is awake. They aren’t that dissimilar to the human variety. Mostly because they aren’t his native defences. These ones are the normal set. Jethabel’s got some of them as well, but it’s all that the little guys have.”
“Commander,” Hazel interrupted, “we’re coming up on the station now and we’re coming in very fast. They’ve erected a force field over the new hole in their hull. We probably need to fire again to disrupt it enough to get through.”
“Probably?”
Hazel shrugged helplessly. “Thing’s got a mind of its own.”
“Naturally.” Josh stated. “I’m curious. How were you planning to get in?”
Greg scowled. “Normally we hack the station’s computer. Dregor’s working at it in Ops. He’s been clocked at eighteen minutes on some Tren systems. He’s probably pissed off we blew a hole in it instead.”
“The captain may wish to discuss his tactics with his vessels in more detail next time.” Josh suggested mildly.
“Yeah. Ok guys.” Greg turned to his ten-strong team. “The landing site has been exposed to vacuum. When the ramp opens the pressure will equalise. The air will be thin, so don’t hang around. You four will stay with Lieutenant Hazel and hold the ship. The rest of us and Mr Hartley will move in pairs, watch each other’s backs and shoot without mercy. They’re all going to be blown up in” he checked his watch “seventy-three minutes anyway.”
A second, less powerful shudder ran through the ship. “Field is down.” Hazel reported. “We are in.” 

Chapter 22

There were no Tren in the landing area. Partly this was because the Tren were no more eager than normal people to be vented into space. It was also because they had come through the station hull in a non-secured area. It looked like a communal gym, a far cry from the docking bay he had expected to be invading. The men ran out cautiously, rifles at the ready, and scattered across the floor between the metal frames of exercise machinery, trying to avoid making a target in case the enemy took the only door. It should be a few minutes before guards were scrambled to defend the supposedly internal area, but it paid to be careful.
Greg glanced once at their entranceway. It was oddly angular, almost perfectly square. The explosion had torn off the central armour plates but left their neighbours not even buckled. He wanted to disbelieve it but Jethabel’s weapons would have been built to combat its own armour, and that hide could probably survive a nova. Their little shuttle had made a bigger punch than the Eleisus could have in so short a time.
His men had already secured the door. Unlike him they weren’t dawdling. He grabbed Josh’s left wrist and pulled him into the station. Josh jerked his hand free almost immediately, but stayed so close behind Greg the commander had to be wary of hitting him with the rifle butt. He offered Hartley a gun but the Pilot presented his right forearm as though it was the only weapon he needed. The thought made Greg nervous. He’d expected Hartley to have a “you-can-never-have-enough” attitude to guns.
They moved in pairs spread out along a fifty feet stretch of corridor, almost as well controlled as a practise field sortie. Apart from Josh, Greg had chosen veterans for his own team. It was the more dangerous assignment, and also the most vital. Supplies they could get elsewhere. Specific bodies they could not.
The station’s alert was ringing but it was quiet in these sections, muffled by protective bulwarks. This was a civilian area, corridors wide as streets decorated with potted plants and green and gold banners. It was all clean and polished, and deserted. The doorways on either side still had Alliance control panels blinking an out-of-place red warning light to show they were all locked fast. As they should be during an invasion. 
They advanced a hundred yards before meeting opposition, and even then it was sparse and gunned down easily. Greg was unnerved. There should be more people on a station this size, more troops. The fleet defending it certainly looked up to strength. Surely the Tren weren’t stupid enough to have sent their people down to the planet? It was a death-trap. Unless the Natilus population had been exterminated since the occupation began. Then it would just be the rampant plagues to worry about, and the Tren did have a good grasp of epidemiology.
Josh started to speed up, not running, but not waiting for the rear guard either. Finally, as he went to move ahead again, Greg grabbed his collar and hauled him back behind the cover of a potted palm tree. “What did I tell you about behaving? Stop making such a target of yourself. You’ll only be a couple of minutes behind the leader when we find her.”
“They’re being slow.”
“They’re being careful – which is what you should be in enemy territory.”
“What you should be is fast enough you don’t get caught!” Josh hissed. 
“This is a military op, Hartley. We know what we’re doing – so let us do it. It’s what Jethabel is paying us for.”
Josh grumbled and looked for a moment that he was going to pull away. Greg was ready to pin him down just to make the point, even though by now the rest of the patrol had overtaken them and it was safe to move on. But Josh subsided. “I hate strange places.” he muttered. “People could be hiding anywhere, ready to jump out at me.”
“People like you.” Greg noted dryly.
“Exactly.” Josh shuddered. “Always have to be frightened here.”
“That’s ok. Just keep moving in time with everyone else. Ready?” Josh nodded and allowed himself to be pulled up and back into formation.
Ten minutes later their destination came into view and it looked strange. Or rather, it blended in perfectly with the residential apartments around it. Greg had expected wider doors, signs, possibly even a specialised elevator access – something to indicate the area was public. He was even more surprised the Tren retreated without bothering to defend the place.
He glanced at Josh, still crouched, unarmed, close behind him. He considered how to phrase his doubts but Josh’s huge, expectant eyes convinced him otherwise. “This is the place.” He posted two guards to either side of the slim entrance and shot the lock.
The door slid back with the smooth sound of well-maintained machinery. Peace-time machinery. The kind only the Tren seemed to have these days. Probably what the people who should have been checking the force fields had been working on instead. The room beyond was dim-lit by lilac up-lights and a single brilliant white bulb filtering through a stylish aquarium of tiny bright fish.
Greg’s rifle muzzle led the way, followed closely by the commander and crewmen Sanders and Benjay. They paused to scan for traps and concealed enemy while the rearguard took up position guarding the corridor. Josh ignored the safety protocols and moved to the centre of the antechamber, spread out his arms and spun once on his heels. Then he smiled and moved unerringly for one of the four inner doors.
“Hartley! Don’t touch…” The door opened and Greg shut his mouth into a scowl. Since there was little choice he followed Josh in.
This room was larger. Equally windowless, of course, but brightly painted in colours that reminded Greg of spring. The walls were a pale lemon with detailed borders of vine. On one side of the large bed a young woman was sleeping. She had long, mid-brown hair and was even thinner than Josh. They were recognisably related, sharing shape of face and their main features, but she looked almost a decade older. Her skin was sickly pale and she barely seemed to breathe, but she was free of the wires and machinery Greg had expected. She was also completely free of clothing. 
“Amy?” he asked needlessly. Josh simply nodded. Greg had been prepared for tears and kisses, but the deepest emotion he could detect was satisfaction. It was as though finding her had ended the need to pretend affection. 
Josh walked over, threw the coverlet aside and exposed his naked sister. He slid an arm under her ribs and another under her knees and hefted her experimentally, allowing her head to roll back worryingly. “One of you will have to carry her.” he decided, dropping Amy back on the bed with a minimum of care. “I’m not that strong.”
Even though he knew an adrenalin-fuelled Josh could and would strangle men bigger than anyone present, the commander agreed to this. Sanders handed over his rifle, rolled Amy in her blanket and lifted the whole up gently.
“We don’t need a demonstration of how it should be done, crewman.” Greg snapped. “Just don’t drop her.”
“Yes, sir!” Sanders moved out at a steady pace. “Bit of a strange place to keep a coma patient though, don’t you think sir?”
Greg, who could think of too many reasons a wealthy, unrelated and probably depraved (this being Natilus after all) bureaucrat might want a comatose female in his apartment, kept his mouth shut. Josh smiled wickedly and said “Why?” in his perkiest voice.
“Not at all odd.” Greg said firmly. A gunshot interrupted him. The four men at the door retreated into the apartment, threatening to get them besieged. “That’s no bloody good!” he shouted. “Get back out there.”
“You should see the numbers they’ve got before deciding that, sir.”
Greg swore. He peeped out and glanced quickly to both sides, ducking back in swiftly. The way out was still clear, probably being held that way by Hazel at the “dock”, but they would be running from live fire all the way. A lot of live fire. That side of the corridor had looked like a wall of muzzles.
“Hartley.” He cocked a beckoning finger at the young sociopath, who obediently edged forward and took a much longer and better look until Greg pulled him back to safety. “Can you get the station’s computer to help us out?”
“No.” Josh replied in his ship-voice. “It’s too inorganically designed for me to process that quickly.” His voice changed abruptly back to its human norm. “I could kill the soldiers, though.” At this his eyes went vaguely crossed and unfocussed. Greg had the impression Josh and Jethabel were arguing silently, across space. The youth’s hands twitched as though they wanted to add explanatory gestures and were barely being kept under control by his sense of dignity.
“Oh.” the ship-voice said at last. “I had not considered it in that way.” Josh grinned. “So, would killing them work with the plan?”
“I don’t know. How risky is it?”
Josh laughed. He held out his right arm, with the fist balled and pointed downwards. Between the bones of his wrist, under the shell of ship-hide and skin, a threatening bump was pushed up, breaking away from the stem of the claw. Greg remembered thinking it was a weapon barrel the first time he had noticed it, but had changed his mind later when he realised the claw would need a wire spool. It seemed his first impression had been better and he decided impulsively that he wasn’t unhappy to think Josh was well defended. 
Without risking his neck by looking to aim, the Pilot stuck his arm through the door, directed it roughly towards the Tren and fired. The recoil threw him back into Greg, who instinctively grabbed him round the waist and kept them both upright. He was nothing but ribs. The sound reverberated in the bones, but was so loud it was all but inaudible. It drowned any screams or return fire the Tren might have made.
Greg held his breath for a count of five. Then he began to breathe shallowly, as per training, bracing himself for the stench of burned flesh and metal which accompanied a shell blast. This one actually smelled of pine. Antiseptic. With the sharp overtone of blood.
Slowly he let Josh go and edged through the door. When no one shot at his emerging arm, he crept further out of cover peering carefully towards the Tren position. It was silent. Not even the sounds of wounded or panic.
“Do you have a bandage?” Josh stuck his wrist under Greg’s nose imperiously. The skin had been ripped off by the shot, leaving a hole of torn flesh and a lot of blood. Greg could make out the pallor of Josh’s wrist bones and a third, yellower solid between them where the implant connected. The implant itself seemed completely unharmed. In fact it was holding the human arm together.
“Benjay?”
“Uh, we have a field kit, sir.” The crewman unhooked the small bag from his belt and fished out an inadequate wad of cotton and a spray can of wound sealant. “Don’t have any pain killers, though.”
“He’ll bear it.” Indeed Josh didn’t seem to mind the damage at all. He reacted as though it was just inconvenient to be dripping blood everywhere. Greg was beginning to wonder if Josh was one of the lucky people born without pain receptors. As Benjay stopped the bleeding and wrapped everything together, the commander led the rest of his men into the corridor. 
To their right the surfaces were plastered red and decorated with shrapnel. The lowered shield door had been blown inwards with a force explosive decompression couldn’t match and the residential quarters on either side were visible through the shreds of their walls. There wasn’t enough left of anyone to be sure they’d been human.
Greg whistled softly. “And this isn’t a weapon?”
Josh shrugged slightly. He picked at the bandage and deemed it satisfactory. Then he turned his back on the destruction and started back to the shuttle. Greg trotted ignominiously to catch up, letting the men fall into a loose circle around Sanders and Amy. He did try to keep watch on their path, in case some Tren had managed to come around from the flanks, but it seemed pointless to keep a watch at their backs. “Seriously Josh – what did you do to those people?”
The Pilot looked a little embarrassed. “It isn’t a weapon and Jethabel is now sulking with me for treating it like one, so I’d appreciate it if you dropped the subject. He says the crew should protect me, that’s your place and purpose but I think he’s just upset that I used one of his tools for something he hadn’t intended. He likes to keep things in neat categories.” He said this last quickly, uncomfortable criticising his ship.
“Whereas you consider the weapons value of everything.” Greg surmised.
“I survive.” Hartley said coldly.
“And this particular piece of ingenuity was what – a sensor grid overload?”
Josh flashed him a smile. “It’s part of the implant’s medical function, but I did massively over-power it. I can fire it without damaging myself so much, but it wouldn’t have been so conclusive. Of course, then I would have been able to fire more than once.”
“Maybe that’s what’s upset Jethabel. That you’re hurt.” 
“Why would that matter?”
“Because he loves you.” Greg noticed Josh was still uncomprehending. “Don’t you care that Amy is hurt?”
Josh shrugged. “She’s still Amy.”
“Yes, but… Okay. There are better times to get into that. It’s a medical function?”
“For cleaning parasites off the hull, worming, clearing digestive blockages, that kind of thing. Jethabel calls it vermin control, and he doesn’t consider humans to be vermin.”
“Do you?”
“Frequently.” Josh admitted. His face took on an unusually open, haunted cast. “I don’t understand how you could avoid it.” He cleared his throat and hardened his tone. “But then I respect scavengers. I’ve had a lot in common with them all my life.”
“Yeah, I read the file.”
“Good. I certainly enjoyed yours.” 
The trip back was eventful. The shuttle chose its own route and it was bumpy. Hazel gave up monitoring their position there was so much activity. The station was firing from every battery and its defenders had rallied to block the shuttles’ paths. Jethabel was firing back, but its shots were infrequent and concentrated on the Tren ships. As far as Hazel could tell it made no attempt to draw fire away from even Josh’s transport.
Greg clung to his harness and wondered how Josh was doing. He couldn’t see past his crew to where the boy was strapped to the stretcher beside and partly on top of his sister. His arm had been too badly damaged to use the claw-hook and Greg had refused to let him sit unanchored. Josh had argued, but there’d been a lot of blood and Jethabel had overruled him.
Hazel risked a look at the screen and swore. “Brace!” he yelled. Everyone clung tighter and gritted their teeth as a concussion spread through the ship. For a breath the engines seemed to falter, and then they settled into a smooth glide. At least, a glide within the impressive stabiliser tolerances.
“Are we hit?” Greg demanded.
“Not exactly. It was shrapnel and a detonation front wave. I’m checking for damage now.” Hazel typed a few commands. “We’ve taken a bit,” he reported, “but it’s not serious. The Tren have ceased fire.” He checked again and shook his head in disbelief. “Jethabel came through on his promise, sir. The station is dying. Looks like a single shot tore through most of the docking level and into the core. I’ve seen less damage after arsenal detonations. I’m reading dozens of escape pods and the enemy ships have broken off. They’re taking up a defend and rescue pattern. All four shuttles are on intercept with Jethabel. Seless is limping.”
“She’s hurt.” Josh advised. “She’ll recover with a proper diet and rest.”
“Martha?” Greg couldn’t see Josh’s face, but he guessed from Hazel’s rapid transition from worried to embarrassed that the Pilot’s expression was withering. “The shuttle, obviously.” the lieutenant corrected himself.
“She will provide your doctor with her own care instructions when she has assessed the damage. It seems Amy won’t be needing his full attention.”
“I’m… glad to hear it.” Greg risked. “Do you have any care instructions for her?”
“I’m not an expert. As long as she’s breathing she should do fine.” He sounded like Ashley discussing her engines, affectionate but detached. It reminded him that Trimp was dead. So many people dead and their vengeance only just begun.
Chapter 23

The “lower hangar” was exactly where Printer had expected it to be, which was fortunate since he had no time to waste being lost. He had no license to be looking for it either, though Arman had been too distracted to expressly forbid it. Perhaps the captain had thought he would stay with the refugees in case of a need to abandon this ship as well. It would have been closer to protocol, but then protocol assumed there was a way of staying well back and still knowing what the hell was going on. 
Dr Mirehead seemed to be in charge of the small group of mostly civilians manning a rudimentary triage area. He gave Printer a sour glance. Still a bit prickly about relocating the infirmary, but not enough so to be unprofessional about it. Printer gave him a cordial greeting. “Stephen.”
“Jayleigh.” Mirehead nodded back coolly. “They’re not back yet.”
“So I see. Is there any assistance I can offer?”
The doctor shook his head. “We should be alright. So far they haven’t met as much resistance as I’d feared.”
Printer nodded. It was eerie to think they were engaged in battle. There were no sirens and no turbulence. The light was as diffuse and golden as ever, slightly dimmer down here than in the main hangar perhaps but not in the same fashion as emergency lighting. The danger felt like a rather abstract concept.
“When are they due back?”
“In twenty.” Mirehead glanced at the comm. set up on a chair carefully separated from his workspace. “The bridge have been a bit quiet since they boarded the station. They were to time then, but they might be running late now.”
“No news isn’t necessarily good news? I am sure Greg will be fine. He seems very capable to me.”
Mirehead nodded, trying to dispel his worry by fidgeting with his equipment. “Tell me you haven’t brought a tracker though.” 
Printer blinked. “Why would I do that?”
“You didn’t know? Hartley went with them.” Printer felt bile rising up his throat and tried not to show it as the doctor continued. “The captain’s orders are to treat him as a conscript, so you can’t go arresting him when he gets back.”
“I wouldn’t dream of it.” Dear Gods, what will I do if the boy is dead? I haven’t got any plan for that contingency. If the new pilot is military I’ll be adrift here. An aging cripple with a string of failed projects on his record.
Mirehead was watching his reaction closely, but whatever he made of it he kept to himself. He turned the conversation to small talk, bringing in the rest of the team with practised ease until the comm. finally crackled to life. “They are on their way, doc. Get yourself prepped.” Mirehead rolled his eyes. He had been prepped for an hour.
Then the deck shuddered. Everyone threw themselves to the ground. A vivid memory gripped Printer. The feel of Eleisus’ deck quaking when Jethabel had thrown them out. The dizzy spin of his vision as his inner ears tried to re-adjust his balance. The sounds of other bodies lying prone alongside him. He tasted acrid adrenalin in the back of his throat and his maimed hand began to twitch uncontrollably.
It took several deep breaths before he realised the movement had stopped and he was still safe inside the hangar. He looked up carefully and met the frightened eyes of a woman hiding under an examination bench. “What the hell was that?” she whispered.
“I have no idea.” Mirehead risked getting to his feet but stayed crouched down as he hurried to the comm.. “Bridge, are there any casualties?”
“Negative, doc.” This time it was the captain’s voice. “That was the recoil on our own weapons. We’re not hit.” 
Printer joined the collective sigh of relief. “Has he broadcast that? There’ll be a panic.”
The doctor checked. “Yes, it’s gone out to all comms. Rumour should pick it up quickly. Unless you want to go deliver the message personally?”
“I’d be out of date before I got there, wouldn’t I?” He let a neighbour help him to his feet.
“Probably, and I now need your help getting things ready.” All of the medical kit had been shifted, though it didn’t look as though anything was broken. They barely got everything upright before the first team was back.
Printer stepped back as the doctor and his team went to work. He wasn’t trained and would only be in the way. Besides, too close and he would lose track of what was happening in the wider picture. The returning team were tired, but reassuringly numerous. He allowed himself to hope that losses had not been too great.
The second shuttle landed awkwardly and gave a brief flash of its lights which might have been an apology. As Hawthorne jumped down he gave it a comradely pat on the hull, the reflex of a good officer comforting a hard-worked crewman. He made it look quite natural, but then Printer had noticed him adjusting more quickly than others to the idea that the hardware had thoughts and feelings.
He had little time to consider this as the commander helped Josh down. The boy was minding his right arm again, possibly in a sympathy gambit as he wasn’t one to admit weakness as instant before he had to. Hawthorne was certainly buying into it, steadying his elbow as they joined the triage queue.
And that must be Amy Hartley. Printer let them get the stretcher out of the shuttle before making his way over, so that he didn’t look too hurried. The two crewmen carrying it made to object, but he had come prepared with a blank id and his trusty manifest and they conceded in the face of bureaucracy. 
It was certainly her, he admitted. The same colouring, the same features, much the same bone structure despite their different genders. She had lost a lot of weight since her official photo had been taken but it was the same woman. Not that Josh was likely to be mistaken, even though they hadn’t met since he was thirteen. He took her fingerprint and added it to the id, then looped the badge carefully over her head. She showed no sign of knowing he was there. “Has she stirred at all?”
The leading crewman shook his head. “No sir. Catatonic all the way. He didn’t even seem to care.”
Seems and does are different things. We wouldn’t be here if he didn’t care. “Such a shame.” he said. “So young.” He let them lay the stretcher to the side where Mirehead could deal with it later.
“Oy!” He turned to see Josh beckoning him (left handed, naturally). “Am I allergic to...” he paused to ask the doctor then yelled “Morphine?”
“No!” Printer yelled back. It was undignified, but if Mirehead had to ask then he probably needed to know straight away. Sure enough, by the time Printer had walked over the doctor already had a syringe ready. It was immediately clear why. “Gods, Josh, what have you done?”
“It’s nothing.” He had lost all of the flesh down to his bones. Of course the programme had given him a heightened pain threshold and accelerated healing ability, but even so... Printer thought of the injury to his own arm - nowhere near so deep and certainly not nothing. “Stephen is fixing it for me.”
“Yes I am, if you will hold it steady for me.” Mirehead shot the drug into a vein and waited. Josh’s eyes immediately lost focus and between one breath and the next they had laid him down on the bench. “So far, so good.” 
“He may react oddly to the drugs.”
“You think?” Mirehead snorted. “There’s no telling what’s floating around in his system.”
Ah yes, blame the ship. Perfect, really. 
Printer dithered. He would like to stay with Josh until he woke, but the doctor was already indicating he was unwelcome. His second wish was to find out what had happened. But his overriding concern was to consolidate his position. And that meant stealing as much of the honour as he could before the captain started announcing his victory. 
He grabbed a bag of apples from the top of the growing pile of new supplies. He would have to be quick. 
 
*

Greg strode back into the hangar and found the unhurt crew waiting there patiently for Seless’ ship. There was a tense hush about them, the pent up need to celebrate and the guilt of selfishness. She was now ten minutes behind the other shuttles, and it wouldn’t be long before the Tren ships regrouped to come after them. With the hangar door open even Jethabel would struggle to fight them off, surely. The commander joined the wait. 
His ship, along with Jack’s and Leon’s, had lifted off again and found his or herself a more comfortable bed. He thought he spotted one of them through the columns by one of the muddy pools scattered through the hangar. The liquid seemed to contain all the nutrients the ships needed and was the only sustenance anyone had seen them ingest. They took it in through hundreds of maws on their feet, single toothed holes not dissimilar to squid’s mouths. Hazel had scanned it but it was too complex a mixture for his handheld equipment to analyse and the more powerful lab sensors had gone down with the Eleisus. Greg wondered if the many barrels and boxes of supplies they had just stolen would be mixed into the soup somewhere. 
He finished the headcount and nodded to himself. Leon was two people short, Jack three, and Mirehead had a queue of five who were more or less okay. Not a bad payment for the damage they had done the Tren, but not something they could afford to keep up every day unless there was a way to get fresh blood from the civvies or the rest of the fleet. 
Seless’ ship came through the force field so slowly it had no momentum when it hit the air friction and gravity. With no ongoing speed it lost height fast. It hit the deck hard barely ten yards inside, with its trailing foot still stretched behind it, and rocked until the deck moulded and steadied it. The bay door was already closing.
He signalled most of his team to stay put and ran over with enough to assist but not enough, he hoped, to unsettle the creature. The ship has been hit by strafing, a row of wounds each a half yard wide along her port side. The hatch jammed the first time he tried to open it, and he heard Seless ramming herself against the inside of it until it slammed open. Greg sent a runner to fetch Dregor. The chief engineer was too new at the job to step on his toes by assigning someone else to look after the damage. Not that Dregor would have a clue what to do about it, but if he wanted to earn the badge he was going to have to find someone who did. 
“You okay?” he asked Seless, who had tumbled onto the deck when the hatch loosed and was now picking herself up with no sign that she minded the indignity.
“Fine.” She nodded affably and brushed her pants down. “Bit of a bumpy ride back, but the going there was good. Got a lot of what we went for too.”
“Yeah, Leon got a good haul as well. Jack ran into more resistance.”
“There’s always one.” she shrugged. “Did you get the girl?”
“Yes.” He tried to keep the tone professional but couldn’t help grinning at her choice of words. “Don’t know if you noticed, I’m sure you had other things on your mind, but Jethabel blew up the station.”
“I’m impressed.” She sounded genuine. “It’s a one-ship battle fleet isn’t it?”
Greg nodded. They left the crew to unload and wait for Dregor’s instructions. Out of earshot as they walked back to the triage area, he whispered “Makes me glad we never met the species that built him. We’d probably be the extinct ones.”
“Scary.” she agreed. “What’s going on up there?” The thirty odd men left from the mission were circling. They’d come out of the shocked and tired phase and were ready for more action. They seemed to be shouting place names at each other. Tren system names. Taking bets on the next target.
Greg stuck two fingers in his mouth and let off a piercing whistle. “Captain’s decision.” he shouted. “If you ain’t injured get gone. Tell the mess you’re due double rations.” The mess already knew, of course. It was standard after a successful mission. The men and women cheered anyway but they moved off slowly, unwilling to leave their sport. As they drifted away, Josh emerged between them.
“Technically, it’s Jethabel’s decision.” he said softly as Greg and Seless approached. “All routes and destinations are ship functions.”
“Are you feeling better?” Greg asked. Josh’s arm had been bandaged from knuckle to elbow and he had a sling around his neck which he had pulled it out of. His eyes had a slightly unfocussed look and Greg guessed that Mirehead had been heavy with the painkillers. 
“Oh yes. I may have to undo the doctor’s work though. I can’t move my implant anymore, and I might need it.”
“Well, why don’t you keep the bandage on until you do need it.” Seless suggested. Greg was relieved to not be the only one showing concern. He felt less like he was being taken in.
Josh shrugged. “I suppose.” He stopped pulling at the cloth and dubiously threaded his wrist back into its sling. “I think your doctor is exaggerating though. It really only needed the sealant and some time.”
“He’s the doctor, I’m sure he knows what he’s doing.”
“He had better.” Josh said simply. It was barely threatening so he must be feeling doped. “He’s treating Amy now.”
“Why don’t we go back in there and watch, then.” Greg guided him back to the triage area. Seless took her leave and went to join to party in the mess.
“That’s where he got to.” Mirehead greeted them. “Are you heavier than you look, Josh? That dosage should have knocked you flat for the rest of the day.”
“What do I look like I weigh?” Josh asked with no real curiosity.
The doctor sighed. “Never mind. You’re not getting any more. Sit.” He gestured to an empty stretcher raised over two stools to act as a bed. Josh perched and swung his legs slightly. He was watching the light patterns on the ceiling. “Hmm. I suppose the implant itself is bound to affect how he reacts to drugs.” Mirehead spread his hands helplessly. “I’ll just have to keep an eye on him. Are you going to make your report?”
“Naturally. How is Hartley the Elder?”
Mirehead glanced at Amy, still lying wrapped in her blanket. He shook his head sadly. “There’s nothing I can do to help her here. Maybe in one of the better hospitals on a central world they could cure this, but I don’t have the facilities. I don’t even have the machines to tell me exactly what’s wrong with her. Oh, and I will need to update the shots of everyone on board. The Natilus viruses were only added to the boosters last year and only the Fleet get them that regularly. She might be contagious to some of the civvies.” He scowled. “I recommended it to the captain because of Josh, but since he wasn’t in contact Arman decided against the expense. I can rustle up enough vaccine in a day or two, and it’s more important now Amy is staying as well. I’m sure you will take my side in this, commander.”
Greg felt a smile begin at Mirehead’s transparent manipulation. He suppressed it with difficulty. “It’s the captain’s call, doctor. You know that. The crew are more or less up to date anyway.” He paused and reluctantly added, “Printer can give you permission to inoculate the civvies.”
“Oh.” Mirehead blinked. “Of course. Why didn’t I think of that? Will you ask the captain all the same, though? Getting Printer to countermand will be… politically fractious.”
“I’ll ask.” Greg promised, since Mirehead was right about the politics. “But I don’t hold out hope. Those jabs have bad side effects and we can’t afford to lose the crew to headaches and diarrhoea.”
“I know, I know. The same objection as always. More trouble on my head for the sake of Miss Hartley. On the plus side, she’s stable with no apparent medication so as long as we keep her fed, watered and relatively warm she should keep on breathing indefinitely. Sleeping beauty.” He paused uncomfortably. “Would you agree, commander?”
“What?” Greg gave Miss Hartley a proper look. Mirehead had found her a hospital gown which only heightened her skeletal angularity. The only colours in her face were the bruises under her eyes. Beauty she certainly wasn’t. But now the doctor had mentioned it he realised she was garnering a similar type of attention from the male patients as Josh was getting from the female ones. “Damn. She can’t stay here.”
“I made her a bedroom.” Josh said absently. “She always wanted one with a window, but I had to make do with a screen. Jethabel’s hull doesn’t have windows. It’s right next to my place.” He gestured vaguely to the forward portside section, possibly the deck above them.
“Uh, okay.” Mirehead agreed quickly. It would mean a lot of walking for him, and it was on Printer’s side of the ship which would displease the captain, but Greg quickly agreed just to get the Hartley’s out of public view before there was trouble.

Epilogue

Arman sat alone on his bridge. Through the open doorway, down the endless corridor, drifted the sounds of a distant party. Possibly two, though he doubted he could hear the civilian gathering beyond the hangar. He had made an appearance when the food was going around – to make a speech to the returning troops and a toast to those who hadn’t returned. But captains weren’t really welcome at the raucous end of the night so he had taken a beaker and a bottle of newly confiscated spirits and retreated. It was dignified, if not particularly celebratory. 
There wasn’t really any need to man the bridge, or he wouldn’t have been drinking. And neither would Hawthorne or Dregor, whereas in fact all of the officers but Mirehead had been well on their way to drunkenness when he had bowed out. If the doctor had been there he would have invited him for a quiet snifter, as he had usually done with Ashley when her duties couldn’t spare her for the post-battle revelry either. But Mirehead was still busy settling in Hartley senior, and frankly someone had to stand guard over the siblings and it might as well be him. 
So here he was. Alone, sitting in a faded armchair Hawthorne had stolen for him from the room of a dead pilot in the forward section, watching scrolls of script he couldn’t read cross otherwise blank screens and listening the hum of idle computer fans and far away bass drums. Feeling alive.
His mind’s eye replayed the moment his ship had fired. A huge shockwave of a weapon, not the gunneries he had known about and expected. A gravity wave, possibly, or a magnetic one. Whatever it was had been invisible. He had tracked it on the screen by the warping effect it had against the background stars. Then the moment it had collided with the station, tearing through the shields into the very core. It was a brutal thing. A beautiful thing.
We should have fired again, he repeated to himself. The first blow was crippling, but a second would have been decisive. He had waited on the edge of his seat, they all had, but the ship had fired only once. Was that because it was low on nutrients, or did the weapon take time to recharge? Whatever the case, it had given the Tren the time to evacuate to the planet surface, and they were lucky the ship had good engines because a few frigates had found the guts to give chase as well. 
I’ll have to talk to Hartley about tactics, he mused. He would have to talk to Hartley, full stop. Hawthorne reported the boy had his own assault capabilities and had proved useful in the boarding team, but Arman was determined never again to be left a spectator to the battle. If the boy was willing to participate then he would do it from the bridge. Even if everything was going according to plan, which was certainly not the norm of conflict, the Pilot would have to be at hand in case it started to go wrong. And that meant the Pilot would need bridge privileges, and all of the training that went with them. Was Hartley even up to learning that, never mind deserving of it? 
Arman suspected not. He had seen plenty of recruits come through in his career, enough to know what worked and what didn’t. That kind of upbringing led to a stubborn but fragile kind of strength. He would need a mother hen, and a lot of coaxing and coaching, and even then he’d likely crack. 
But that was a problem for tomorrow. Tonight he raised his glass to the behemoth and all of their tomorrows. 

The End

The Leviathan series continues in “Therion”, expected publication August 2013. 

Read on for a free taster of the sequel.
Therion – Chapter One

They were crawling, by interstellar standards anyway. Herding together like antelope fearing the lioness, they made only as much headway as their slowest companions. Paradoxically these were the giants in their midst, elephants with little need to fear the lioness’ claws no matter how slow and deliberate their gait. The poor antelope should have relied on their speed and agility, but instead they clung to the tails of elephants which could not protect them.
“Where are the frigates?” Shauna asked Ford. On the small screens by her captain’s chair it looked as though the Tren convoy was unguarded, but she mistrusted that. True, they were deep into Tren space – deeper than they had hunted before – but the enemy knew the range of ships like her Therion. She had six months worth of fuel and supplies, enough to harry shipping almost anywhere in the Theocracy, and there were dozens of hunters just like her with the same orders to punish the enemy fleet’s supply lines. Surely security could not have been left so lax merely because they were a few weeks’ travel from the border?
“I’m still checking.” Ford admitted. It was slow work to scan without being detected in turn. Therion had the best camouflage the Alliance could build, but even so she had to stalk quietly and that meant low resolution scanning. “None of them have the right mass to be a frigate and the ID codes seem genuine – but then who would sail with an obvious fake these days?”
Shauna nodded. It would be difficult to pick one of the smaller vessels out of the line, but if there were no gunships it should be possible to make two, perhaps even three, attacks before the convoy could reach safety. It depended on what her fellow commanders thought, of course. This was a pack hunt.
“Clio is signalling to drop under target TS59. She’s going to fly by and see how they react.”
“Copy that. Denvers, take us in.”
“Yes sir.” The pilot barely touched his controls. They had matched velocity with the convoy hours ago and now it was a matter of gentle, almost undetectable thrusts to drift gradually into formation.
“Ford, get the dog-shift out of bed.” There was nothing for them to do. Even at battle stations Therion didn’t have twenty-one positions to man, but she didn’t have the stabilisers of a bigger ship either. Being tossed out of a high bunk was a rough way to start anyone’s day.
“Ware for Leifna on our portside.” Ford relayed. Since both of their sister ships were also running dark they didn’t appear on the screens and had to send their positions on the secure comm. Friendly fire incidents had been known to happen, just another risk they took.
“Okay. Leifna to port, Clio above.” Allan started calculating a retreat trajectory. They had spent many hours practising manoeuvres so Shauna had no doubt the route would get them clear of the convoy and their sister ships. Where were the Tren gun-ships, though? Were they also running dark on the fringes of the herd, waiting for Therion to dart into their clutches?
The bridge fell silent, four minds concentrating hard at their respective tasks. Shauna wondered if she should have called up a co-pilot and second comms. Regulations said she should have, but with all six seats filled the tiny room over-heated and she struggled to keep her focus, especially in the red lights of battle. Mitchell was happy enough to have two extra sets of hands in engineering so it suited everyone to bend the rules. If anything went wrong she would have hell to pay at the court martial – if she survived at all.
This was not the time to harbour such thoughts but Shauna often found herself reprising doubts during the long drawn out breaths of battles not yet joined, so she felt no panic. Her actions were risks, but they were calculated ones that she had to take if she was ever to achieve her captain’s stripes.
“And we’re off.” Ford activated the ship-wide tannoy. He could shout loudly enough to reach engineering two decks below them, but it was unprofessional to rely on that. “Mitchell, Rivers – Clio is making her run.”
“We’re all loaded and ready, bridge.” Rivers replied promptly. Logan affirmed for the rear gun-bank. That was the extent of Therion’s arsenal – a gun in all four corners, a couple of torpedo chutes, and a mine spreader long since out of mines. She had a single shift of four gunners, plus the two spare from the beta shift bridge crew loading the torpedoes. There wasn’t much armour either - a bit of toughened plate around the fuel tanks and a double hull all round. She was no match for a six deck frigate, never mind the heavy cruisers, but she was good enough to take down supply vessels and fast enough to make a clean getaway.
Clio appeared on Shauna’s tactical screen. Her acceleration had broken her cover. This was the danger moment. TS59 was slightly out of position. Clio would pass between it and the rest of the convoy. What would it do? Would it freeze in panic? Would it push further apart to avoid collision, allowing Therion and Leifna to move in? Or would it prove itself bait, not as unprotected as it seemed?
“Holy stars!” Ford swore. “Abort. Retreat. And incoming fire!”
Allan activated her pre-programmed escape vector. The ship shuddered as the engines roared to life, and ducked downwards and to the left, banking to present a smaller target. Shauna was glad of her seatbelt as the bridge shook. She felt the familiar vibrations of decoys being fired, of the batteries returning fire.
“Where is it?” Denvers shouted.
“Leave it to the autopilot, Matt.” Shauna commanded. “If it can’t get away, you can’t either.”
“I can’t even see it.” He scowled at his read-outs, refusing to release his white knuckled grip on the pilot rig. “Is it still above us?”
“It’s in the convoy,” Shauna told him, “and not giving chase, thank the Gods.” She shared a tense glance with Ford. “I have the weapon’s fire coming from TS62.”
Ford lent to his left to check the vacant sensor station. “Agreed. TS62. It’s registered as an eighteen deck passenger liner.”
“Like hell. It’s a Cathedral.”
Allan gasped, paling enough to be noticeable even under the red lights. “They’re only rumours.”
“They’re never sent to the front line so we never see them. There’s a big difference. Church guns to protect very important people.”
“There’s a damage report coming in. Clio has been hit. Captain Morelli suggests we lie low for a few days while they fix it.”
“He wants us to go up against that thing again?” Allan squeaked, very unprofessionally in Shauna’s opinion.
“Weren’t you listening, crewman? Very important people. The kind that get obituaries on every news bulletin in the Theocracy. Of course we’re going to try again. No one expected us to get a chance like this.”
No one expected them to be able to take it either.
Since they were going nowhere, and it looked as though the Tren had lost them again, Shauna excused herself from the bridge. She always tried to give the junior officers some time at the helm, because her own time in their shoes was still close in her memory. Perhaps when she had her captain’s stripes, and a few years in the command chair behind her, the endless hours spent cowed by her captain’s presence would rankle less. Or she would run out of things to do off the bridge and start cramping her juniors just to ease the boredom. For now, though, command was new enough that she knew none of its short cuts and even logging in to her logbook took her half an hour.
They had taken no damage, so two days passed slowly. They ran dark, with no course changes, no sensor sweeps, and no comms. Mostly the off-duty crew gathered in the mess and played cards or board games (of which they had brought an ample supply from Sheraton, though even on a ship this small no one could locate the last jigsaw piece). The on-duty crew could only fill their time with complaining, usually at Shauna. She didn’t take any of it seriously.
She wondered how badly damaged Clio was. Even on the secure channel Morelli had given no details. She assumed that meant he didn’t need spare parts, which was a relief. None of the scout ships had shuttlecraft and they couldn’t dock together, so the only way to transfer supplies was via spacewalk. No one would be volunteering for that duty, not with a Cathedral in sight.
“Commander.” Shauna looked up from another attempt to wrangle bureaucracy password security settings into a workable format. She was locked out of her logbook again. Elliot gave her the tight smile of a bridge officer with important information - a mixture of smug self-importance and worry. “You’re needed on the bridge.”
“Of course.” She left her coffee and logbook and followed him up the ladder to the bridge. He shut the door behind them and the temperature instantly started to rise.
“We’ve received a message from command, sir.”
Crap. She had expected orders from Morelli, and this was likely to be far, far worse. Nevertheless, she kept her face carefully expressionless as she keyed her decryption code. The program only took seconds, and revealed exactly the news she had expected. The news everyone had expected, shown by the bridge crews’ depressed sigh. “Elliot, call everyone to a crew meeting.”
Crew meetings took place in the mess where the presenter was framed by piles of dirty crockery and the whiteboard roster of whose turn it was to wash it. This was not by choice. Therion’s crew quarters were basic – everyone had a locker and a half share of a bunk – and the mess was the only rec space. They ate from pre-packed meals so the galley consisted of a sink with cold and boiling taps, a convection oven, a freezer and a tall cupboard for the plastic crockery and cutlery. Three six-seater metal tables lined up opposite the galley, both tables and benches bolted to the deck. There was a spare bench along the back wall in case all twenty-one crew had to be present, and could be spared. There was no present need for it as the bridge crew were still at their posts. Mitchell had nonetheless decided to perch there, nervously distracting everyone.
Shauna cleared her throat. Small and close as the space was, and well as she knew her crew, she still hated public speaking. The dispatch she clutched was brief. It was dangerous to send even deeply encoded communications into Tren space. It would have been received by the convoy they tailed, as well as many others in the sector. Without the key it might take their computers hours to decipher it, but they wouldn’t fail. But then, what she had to say was not a secret.
“Hyratia has fallen.” Her crew sagged, despite the warning her body language must have given them. They had barely crossed the border when she had had to announce Sheraton’s loss, but since their own mission had been going so well... Somehow she had allowed herself to believe they were striking back, making a difference, that the fleet would hold at its next stand. They had been three weeks without word. Had they held that long, or was the news simply late?
“There are no details of the battle.” She forestalled questions. None of the crew hailed from Hyratia itself, but anyone serving in the fleet would have friends and former comrades on other ships. “We are commanded to report to the rendezvous at Jotun.”
This was met by further groans, for good reason. Therion was ill-suited to large scale battles. She didn’t have the necessary armour and chances of survival would be slight. But surely command knew that? Shauna preferred to think the best. Perhaps Captain Morelli was due a promotion. He was certainly fierce enough. Or there could be mine sweeping or scouting duties involved. Ships of their class had been turned into roman candles in the past, although it pained her to imagine such a fate for her gutsy, hard working first command.
She dismissed the crew, though most of them stayed put for lack of anywhere else to go and a need to grumble to each other. Mitchell followed her up the ladder to the bridge deck, where a yard length of corridor separated the bridge and the rear gun bank. Experience had shown this was the most private space available so she slid into the port gun seat and let Mitchell shut the door.
“That was it?” Her second was a tall man, with the bones to be big if rations ever allowed it. He stood six inches above anyone else on the ship who, like most raiders (and Shauna herself) tended to be smaller than average so the low ceilings didn’t cause as much claustrophobia and bumps. He would not have been assigned their dangerous mission if he hadn’t volunteered, as he had volunteered for service back when the war first broke out. Like most specialist engineers he was relatively old, at thirty-four, for the rank of lieutenant and Shauna respected him for both his courage and experience. She had a lot of training, but he saw depths in the crew relations that washed over her.
“More or less.” she admitted. “Short and sweet, as they say. There was some intel on Tren positions which may or may not help with getting back across the border.”
Mitchell grunted. “That was always the tricky part of this job.” He leaned back in the gun seat and stretched his legs out, the picture of quiet thought. It made Shauna feel tense, acutely aware of her tightly folded arms and crossed legs. “What does Morelli say?”
“Nothing, yet, but he won’t want to give up the convoy.” She let her tone imply that she agreed on that, albeit with reservations. The hunt was too old and already too costly to be abandoned easily on the whim of higher command.
“Maybe, but he doesn’t have a license to print his own orders. If they said make all speed to Jotun we should have been underway before you even told the crew. Instead we’re heading deeper into Tren space every hour.”
“We can’t do any good at Jotun.”
“That’s the chain of command for you. I’m just saying if we pick a fight now it will be Morelli’s head on the block for every bust circuit of damage – and yours as well if you don’t lodge a protest.”
Shauna felt her hackles rise. Her instincts were against his advice. Protests were things added by cowards and bootlickers, officers who didn’t take risks, covered their own ass and painted targets on other peoples. On the other hand, the Tren formation had, predictably, tightened up. They would almost certainly take some damage, likely more than one strike. If the Cathedral itself was destroyed then all would be forgiven, and medals would be minted all round, but if it survived... And it probably would survive. Was it really worth her whole career? “Thanks, Mitchell.” She sighed. “I will make sure my ass is covered.”
“Mine too, while you’re at it.” He flashed a grin. “I’ll go start battle prep.”
“He hasn’t ordered...”
“But he will, won’t he?”
Shauna shrugged. She’d only met Morelli in person twice, while training. They had spoken frequently on the comm. when they weren’t running silent, but she didn’t feel like she knew him well. If he meant to retreat, though, he was very slow issuing orders.
She wanted to rest up before the attack, but didn’t want to be in bed when the orders came in. She put it off till Clio’s repairs must have been finished, but even then Morelli’s orders hadn’t come. The Tren would have decoded the fleet’s message by now and had to know an attack was now or never. They had increased speed slightly and were shifting formation in a distraction technique. The three Alliance ships only followed quietly, and did nothing. Eventually Shauna admitted she needed a break.
She had a quick shower, some supper and a few hours in a free bunk, before Ford had woke her up with the belated battle plans. She felt sweatier, dirtier and sleepier than she had before her break, but she knew that was an incorrect perception. She hoped her analysis of their new orders (very risky, egotistical, and possibly heroic) was incorrect as well.
All of the alpha bridge crew were yawning. Allan was looking particularly rough since she had been unwise enough to have her hair bleached before they left Sheraton and dark roots were now peeping through. She was looking a bit flabby as well, a normal consequence of the lack of exercise and lower gravity. Shauna felt a bit more commanding being the most attractive female in her own opinion. Ford and Denvers hadn’t avoided space-paunch either, but they were men so she didn’t criticise.
“Are we in position?”
“Yes, commander.” Ford answered before remembering the sensor console was manned. Elliot gave him a sour look. He had never been on the bridge during battle, only ever as the beta comm. officer. Possibly he thought it was a pseudo-promotion rather than Shauna crossing her Ts in case of later court martial. McLachlan looked equally excited but superfluous at the co-pilots seat.
“Okay. Allan, be sure we have a course plotted all the way to Jotun.”
“Done, commander.” Allan’s voice had that quiver of fear again, which was only natural when making plans against her own death. Only if they lost every human pilot would it be the computer steering what was left back home. There was a distress beacon, but it couldn’t be activated until they were over the border anyway. There was no help coming. This had always been true, but it hadn’t seemed to matter so much when the targets were unarmed freighters.
“Wait for the mark.” Shauna remember sitting with her father at racing meets, horses in their gates waiting for the starting pistol. There was always one to fall at the first jump.
“And we’re off.”


About the Author:

LL Watkin is the pen name for writing partnership Liz Smith and Louise Smith, two sisters from the North of England who've been writing science fiction, fantasy and horror together for nearly ten years. Some stories may be more Louise's, some more Liz's, but all spring from a collaborative process.
We only started publishing in 2012, but since we’d been writing for so long beforehand we had a glut of material to get out there, and we currently have three novels out (with a fourth due in February 2014) and a set of short stories which is available either individually or collected.
You can find out more about use on our Smashwords page: 

https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/LLWatkin

Also from LL Watkin:

The Leviathan Series

Jethabel (Book 1) – Out now
Hero of the Alliance Captain David Arman is worried. The fleet is falling back (again) and leaving Sheraton port to the hands of the Tren armada. To salvage his reputation he needs to go down fighting, but his orders are to take as many refugees as will fit on board and run. He will find himself questioning his loyalties and struggling to stay alive.

Therion (Book 2) – Out now
Shauna Murray has too many Tren in her sights. Commander of small, swift ambush ship Therion, she is deep in Tren space plundering supply convoys when she receives news of the Alliance fleet’s defeat and orders to retreat to the core worlds. Outnumbered and outgunned, escape won’t be easy but she has no choice but to try.

Pathiel (Book 3) – Coming in 2014

The Handmaiden Series

The Abbey At The World’s End (Book 1) – Out now
Keldaren just wanted an easy life. A job where the boss wouldn’t scream if she was five minutes late. A nice boyfriend. Treasure worth a not so small fortune. To go a week without a bomb going off in her near vicinity. Was that so much to ask? Unfortunately, when your best friend is a three thousand year old ghost with a chip on her insubstantial shoulders, it might be.

The Chapel in the Wasteland (Book 2) – Coming in 2014

Short Stories

The Harpers and Other Stories (Book 1) – Out Now
Collected Short stories including The Faeries, Faith, The Harpers, The Siege, McGellen, Neon Lights and The Blessed as well as nine other stories not available elsewhere.

The Drowned Leviathan and Other Stories (Book 2) – Coming in 2014

