
YULETIDE MIRACLE
Robert Appleton

Copyright 2013 Robert Appleton
Smashwords Edition

All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, including photocopying, recording, or by any information storage and retrieval system, without permission in writing from the publisher.
This book is a work of fiction. Characters, names, places and incidents either are the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously, and any resemblance to any actual persons, living or dead, events, or locales is entirely coincidental.

* * *


Table of Contents

Title Page
Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five
Chapter Six
Chapter Seven
Chapter Eight
Chapter Nine
About the Author

***
 


Chapter One

Christmas Eve, 1901
London

A wet farthing slipped through Red’s fingers as he handed the customer his change for the toffee apple. The coin tinkled on the cobbles behind the hot chestnut stall and rolled under Angharad’s skirt. Red sighed, almost didn’t want to disturb her. How small and frail she looked huddled over that hot barrel, her tatty, lopsided shawl draped over her right side, hiding a missing arm and a gouge the size of a horseshoe inches above her hip—war wounds from her aeronaut days in the Angolan conflict. Like him, she was a veteran fallen on hard times, charitably employed to tend the emporium’s stalls over Christmas.
“Well, what ya waitin’ for, old timer? Bleedin’ thing ain’t gonna sprout wings.” The idiot waiting for his change rocked on his heels, thumbs in pockets.
“Won’t be a moment, sir.” Red fingered the side of his brass kneecap, feeling for the gear lever to unlock his mechanical limb from its rigid posture. “Damn thing is frozen stiff. Doesn’t do the joint much good, me standing about all day.”
The young man peered over the counter and stuck out his bottom lip as though he hadn’t realized Red was handicapped. His hair was as black and spiked as a sweep’s brush, and he also had a chipped front tooth. He retrieved a pocket watch, began whistling tunelessly.
“Ah, there she goes.” Red shifted his weight to his left leg as the gear ratcheted into position in his right knee joint, starting the mechanism with a stutter that tickled through him. He crooked the limb himself while he bent to retrieve the coin. But the cobblestone was slick—his left boot slid. He twisted.
Clickety-click.
“Ah, hell.”
The brass leg straightened itself prematurely, hooking Angharad’s petticoats.
“Oi, what do you think you’re—”
Red scrambled to right himself but his balance was gone—as he wheeled back, the leg hiked her skirt up to her shoulders and knocked her forward into the barrel. Hot chestnuts spilled everywhere. The poor woman rolled onto her back, soundless, and gazed up at the giant Norway spruce Christmas tree that lorded over the emporium.
Red dragged himself beside her. “Angharad, dear! Are you hurt? I’m so sorry. I—”
The gentlest, warmest fingers he’d felt in years slid into his cold mitt. She pulled him down next to her. “A rare old view, ain’t it?”
’Twas indeed. The dawn of the twentieth century.
Watching the brass and iron steam-powered exhibits work overtime on their tinsel-decorated podiums, hearing hisses strike up like a chorus of cobras all around, and the indefatigable chug-chug of machinery binding the whole exhibition together, sank him into a snug feeling of forward motion. An uncommon feeling. The world did not wait around for those who couldn’t catch up on their own. The likes of him and Angharad and Joe DiStepano were already forgotten—“heroes” reluctantly given alms in place of lost limbs or the prideful retirement they’d earned by risking their lives protecting the empire.
They were the smashed baubles under the great Christmas tree. The fallen nutcrackers. Eyesores and smithereens. Under everyone’s feet.
A middle-aged mother and her two sons helped Angharad up. Steam and smoke stuck like a gigantic, wet miner’s rag to the glass channel bisecting the roof, before it leaked out through half-clogged vents. The emporium had been a major airship hangar once. Its copper pipes and riveted beams were decades old, stained green by condensation and relentless industry. Red shook his head. Who would have imagined it would become an overgrown toyshop, a magical Yuletide grotto for the kids, with more colour than a kaleidoscope?
Bitter sweetness on his tongue spread like an ache, then gushed straight to his heart.
For the kids?
“All right, I’ve got you, Red.” Joe DiStepano hooked the long, black fingers of his one hand under Red’s mechanical knee. Hedy Durante, a matronly florist with only one eye, grabbed his other leg, while Red slung his arms over their shoulders.
Hedy said, “One, two, three...oops-a-daisy,” and they lifted him to his feet, propped him up while he set his knee-joint to its regular walking gear.
“Thank you.” He quickly scanned the scavengers gathering hot chestnuts from the filthy cobbles. “Where’s Angharad?”
“Here.” She was behind him, helping herself to a toffee apple. A willowy yet brash woman with strawberry-red hair, in her mid-thirties—a similar age to his wife when she’d passed, not quite a lifetime ago. “Might as well salvage something.” She munched with her mouth half-open.
Red grinned, nodded at the strewn chestnuts. “You figured I owed you, eh?”
“Um, you owe yourself, Red, darling. ’T weren’t no gentleman you got down on your hands and knees for.” Angharad clamped the apple between her teeth and shook his empty money box, then spat the apple into it. “Away in a manger, no crib for a bed—’cause some bleeder went and nicked it for firewood. Have yourself a sherry and a very merry Christmas. That bugger will, whoever he is.”
“I ask you! Why do we bother at all?” Hedy scrubbed her tired face with plump hands.
“That’s why.” Angharad blew a few strands of ginger hair away from her face and waved her toffee apple at several carriages full of beaming children. Their pint-sized train wound its way around the emporium’s layered perimeter, higher and higher until it reached Father Christmas’s log cabin at the top. The children then had a choice of descending either by slide or steps, while the next group, having climbed the steps, got to ride the train down backwards. 
“When I was that age,” she said, “I wouldn’t have missed this for the world. And we get to be a part of the magic, if only for a few days. Well worth a few tumbles, I reckon.”
“When did you get to be so chipper?” Joe flashed his still-impressive-for-his-age white teeth between thick lips. “Next thing you’ll be telling us where you hid them diamonds.”
“Yeah. Not on your life, bluecoat. I’m savin’ those for my big engagement.”
“Oh? And who’s the lucky man?” Red watched her eyes light up, then narrow to bitter, cornflower slits.
“Right now? Whoever can make me something like that.” She pointed to Red’s mechanical limb—the maker of which he’d refused to identify. He shrugged, smiled at her playful squint. Whatever happened, only he must know that little secret. More than his emporium job and this camaraderie he shared with the veterans was at stake—his very life depended on it. No, the authorities must not learn any more about why he was in London than he’d already divulged to the navy harbourmaster. He’d selected a few vague details of his past to share: engine man on a Gannet ship in West Africa, the one Englishman in an all-African crew. Seasoned combat veteran. Honourably discharged after suffering severe injuries in a disastrous uncoupling during a typhoon.
They’ll know what they need to know. Nothing more.
“Well, we’d best be getting back to our posts.” Joe pulled his blue tunic straight, raked a few spots of mud out of his grey beard. The most senior officer among them—a lieutenant colonel in the Royal Fusiliers, formerly the 7th Regiment of Foot—he had spent the best part of a decade fighting with the British-sponsored “bluecoat” militia against Spanish guerrillas in the Para district of Amazonian Brazil, where, he often boasted, not even the hellish tropical conditions had robbed him of the pride he took in maintaining a clean uniform. “A prickly old stickler,” Angharad liked to call him. “The sort who’d prop a dead man up and inspect him if he was ordered to.” But they were all fond of old Joe. He refused to bow to circumstance, and carried their collective glory days with undying loyalty in his breast.
“We still on for drinks later—under the tree?” Angharad eyed each of them in turn, nodding at their assent. She turned to Red. “How about it, Mulqueen? You up for a few gins and some good old Yuletide misbehavin’?”
“Count me in.” He craned his neck to see the old Admiralty clock over the exit, but his eyesight wasn’t what it used to be. Mm, still good enough to appreciate the pale, shapely Snow Queen clad in fur and satin atop her winter sleigh in front of the steam-powered moving pictures exhibition. She blew glitter over the men and boys fawning at her feet. Dainty, yet a complete tease—how much she reminded him of—
No, don’t let her haunt you forever. Things change. Change with them, damn it.
“You’re not half distracted today, Red, love.” Angharad patted his shoulder, whispered, “Best snap to, deary—you’ve got a customer waitin’.”
“Huh? Oh, right.” He reached into his tunic pocket for his spectacles, but found only glass shards and wire. “Bugger,” he muttered. “Hey, do you me a favour, Angharad? Read me the time. My spec—”
“Ten minutes to ten.” She turned away and began sweeping up the spilled chestnuts, the broom nestled awkwardly under her one arm.
“Shout for Bertie or one of the others,” he said. “Someone needs to watch my stall for a while.”
“Why? You have some kind of royal engagement we don’t know about?”
“Not exactly royal, but...I’ll explain later. Have to fly. Sorry.” From behind the crate of fresh apples under the counter he snatched the pile of letters he’d written over the past few nights. He counted them—all there. He checked to make sure no one was watching, then he slid the letters into his leather belt pouch, fastened the stud, and patted it for good luck.
The bemused father of three waiting to be served tipped his bowler as Red limped out from behind the counter, the clank, click-click, clank of the mechanical leg an object of fascination for the toddlers. Red marched with as much spring as he could manage, ignoring the gasps from passers-by—expensive clockwork limbs like his were rarely seen outside high society. A steam organ’s soft, nasal rendition of Land of Hope and Glory trailed him all the way to the exit. It recalled warmer days tinged with patriotism, the naive, blissful kind that swelled an Englishman’s heart. A feeling he’d lost long ago.
He glanced around to make sure he wasn’t being followed. A Leviacrum agent might be anywhere or anyone these days, scouring for hints of sedition. He sucked in a wintry breath and sighed. These people were so impressed by all this steam power and modern science. How little they knew about what was really underway in London and Angola, the true power set to be unleashed. And soon, very soon, he would have to return to the fighting.
After Christmas, damn it. I’ve at least earned that much.


Chapter Two

Do they even know it’s Christmas?
Edmond watched his father and mother walk arm-in-arm past all the best shops on Bishopsgate without even looking—Fergal O’Malley’s Scale Models, the sweet shop that sold strawberry bonbons for sixpence a quarter and all those delicious European chocolates, Perigore’s phantasmagoria, even Father’s favourite, Harry’s Handy Shop, where he bought all those odds and ends for his workshop. Christmas Eve? The day already ranked somewhere beneath exams day at his boarding school or having a tooth out in Father’s workshop—pass the pliers and cotton gauze, if you please—and it wasn’t even lunchtime yet.
“Mother, where are we going?”
“Hurry up, Edmond. Don’t dawdle, sweetie.”
“But we’ve been walking for hours.”
“Don’t exaggerate.” Father glanced back, a half stern, half amused look battling for control over his tired—always tired—demeanour. His oblong face had a few more wrinkles than the last time they’d all gone shopping together, in the summer.
People often said Edmond looked a lot like his father. He’d loved that comparison once. Now, with the old man resembling more and more one of those sleep-deprived professors from the penny dreadfuls, cooped up day and night in his laboratory, well, it was all a bit embarrassing really. His friends had begun to remark on it, too. “Sandman,” Ginny Burke had called him. “A bit creepy and a bit mysterious and always dead on his feet.” Edmond had pushed her over and made her cry for saying that, but he couldn’t quite shrug the insult off. It was a horrid thing, to think ill of his father—but damn it, Father was never around long enough to disprove it.
“What about the emporium? Are we going to skip that, too?” he asked.
They didn’t even acknowledge that remark. He kicked a mound of snow into the road, showering a steam-powered penny-farthing that appeared from out of nowhere between stationery post-chaises. The rider honked her horn, shook her fist at him. Edmond dashed to the safety of his parents, slid the last few feet over the ice to Mother’s side.
“Good heavens! Mind your footing, dear. There’s a good boy.” Mother adjusted her touring hat decorated with Bird of Paradise plumes and resumed her dutiful chuckle at one of Father’s never-ending funny stories. Probably one he’d told a hundred times before...and practised on the dog first.
Edmond sighed. At least he only had to survive one more day. It was worth enduring Yawnsville and all its little hamlets—endless stops at the homes of aunts, first cousins, grandparents, thousandth-cousins-ninety-million-times-removed he saw too often at only once a year—for the boatload of presents tomorrow morning. Yes, he could endure anything for that.
Anything except face the boarding school debacle again. God, no. How could he possible tell them now, after more than a week had passed? That familiar dull ache in his stomach anchored his steps, made him want to lie down and half-die so Mother and Father would say he had to stay at home for the rest of his life.
How he hated that Château d’If of a school. One year in and already he was allergic to the entire draconian institution, and it to him. Yes, he’d learned lots of big new words there. No, the place wasn’t worthy of any of them. It was ancient and—
All right, it might be worthy of one word:
Excrement.
“Look there, Edmond.” Father pointed up to the sky over the city centre. “You can see the top of the tower.”
Yippee-rotten-do. “You mean the place where they used to torture people?”
“Edmond.” Mother’s stern tone reminded him of the talks they’d had about his father’s important job in the Leviacrum tower and how the old man wanted Edmond to be proud of him.
“What?” Edmond asked. “People were locked up in the Tower of London all the time. Some of them never saw daylight.” Just like you, Father.
Out of the blue, the old man knelt beside him, retrieved a brass telescope from out of his duffel coat and extended it. “Here you go, son.” He handed the spyglass over. It weighed a ton. An uncharacteristic warm smile—uncharacteristic as in not distracted by anything—lit Father like a streetlamp in the snow. It melted Edmond a little, surprised him even more.
“Why don’t you use my shoulder.” He stood and then stooped, almost in the gutter, allowing Edmond to rest the telescope at eye level on his duffel. A coarse, alien coat that seemed larger than life. “Now, adjust the knobs either side of the eyepiece to focus, then I want you to find the second tier from the top, the one ringed with white railing. Let me know when you’ve found it.”
Edmond suddenly felt nervous. He’d used telescopes before in astronomy class, even looked through the giant one in the Westminster Observatory and visited the orrery on the floor below, but Father’s spyglass was special. It had over a dozen magnifications, and was custom-made for the detection of exotic energy spectrums—the slits for the different filters lined the first two segments. Its value was...he couldn’t even guess. But to Edmond, its most special attribute was simple.
It belonged to his father.
“There. Found it.” The Leviacrum tower measured thousands of feet in height and grew taller every year. No one really knew why the Council kept expanding it like a metal beanstalk to the clouds. Some said it would one day reach space itself. But it housed the brightest scientific minds in the empire—no, the world—and Father’s job there, Laboratory Supervisor, was a pretty important one for research.
“What do you see?”
“Figures wearing all-white suits and oxygen masks. About eight or nine.”
“What are they doing?”
“Building snowmen?”
Father laughed hard, and Mother joined in. She straightened Edmond’s bob hat. He rolled his eyes.
“Hmm, it looks like they’re holding dustbin lids upside-down. Some sort of metal dishes?” He glanced up to the boulder-like clouds sitting darkly over the tower’s pinnacle. “They’re waiting to catch the next snowfall?”
Father nodded, held his hand out for Mother to take. For some reason, Edmond felt the old man was proud of that answer, as if it was the one he’d hoped for. But he didn’t say so. As usual.
“So what are they up to, Father?”
“Now focus on the spire, the spearhead above the inverted dome, the topmost point.”
“Found it.”
“What do you see?”
“Something spinning. Colours flickering, like a whirligig. Sparks are flying out into the upside-down dome.” It’s weird, like something out of a H.G. Wells story. “What is it?”
“What if I told you those sparks were formed by exotic cosmic energy being converted?” Questions, questions. He was worse than Professor Pickervance in physics. “What’s the first thing that springs to mind about the shape of that apparatus—the inverted dome?”
“That they’re trying to collect something from those sparks, like a meteolor...metereo...”
“Meteorologist?”
“Yes. Like a meteorologist collects rain in a container.”
“Good, Edmond. Very good.”
Is that it?
“So what is it for really?”
“I’m not allowed to say, son. Not yet. But you’re on the right lines. That was excellent. I can see we chose exactly the right school for you.”
To hell with that! Edmond’s awful secret about Admiral Hood Boarding School yanked at his chest like an icy riptide. But why, oh, why couldn’t he tell it to Father? Even now, when the old man was more open than he’d been in a long time, he was still absent somehow, locked away in his Leviacrum laboratory with two-way mirror windows. And on the steel door, Do Not Disturb. Important Work In Progress. Sod Off.
“It’s half past ten, Cecil,” Mother reminded Father. “If we’re going to see the emporium before lunch, we’d best get a move on.”
“Yes.” Edmond pumped his free fist, remembered to keep a firm grip on the spyglass. He handed it back to Father and then performed a long running skid along the slick pavement, stopping narrowly short of a man with two Great Danes at the street corner.
His parents linked arms again and chatted away, both glancing at him now and then as though he was the centre of their conversation. If only they knew. By this time, they’d have no doubt already enrolled him for an apprenticeship in the Leviacrum. Father talked about it often, rarely to him, of course. In the Reardon household, being good at anything meant it was your calling in life—as long as that something was scientific. Heck, he’d once glued a porcelain figure of a naked goddess back together to escape punishment for breaking it and had wound up with a pat on the head from Father for his “mastery of the adhesive” and his “perfectionism”. Admittedly, he’d received a thrashing the next day when the goddess’s head had fallen off and smashed, but the lesson was clear: follow in your father’s footsteps and help mankind progress.
Sod that. I want a pint of shandy and two scoops of pistachio ice cream with a wafer and chocolate sauce. Mankind can go whistle Auld Lang Syne. We’re off to the emporium!
Now with genuine cause for a spring in his step, Edmond felt strangely compelled to walk at his father’s side, at a proper, reserved pace, matching the rhythm of the old man’s stride like he’d done as a young boy. The uneven snow made that difficult, however, and the crunches of their steps were not quite in sync.
Five steamcars were jammed in a line behind an upturned carriage, the latter missing a wheel. A constable blew his whistle as he separated two angry drivers at arm’s length. Up the next, tree-lined street, a group of men rolled a snowball over eight feet high down the pavement. Most pedestrians laughed as they stepped aside, but one woman screamed for them to stop, pointing at the main road.
“Father, what’s the biggest snowball you ever—” Edmond cut himself short when he glimpsed what appeared to be—surely not—a ten pound note trapped in the dirty slush lining the gutter? It flapped in the gust from a passing car. 
Breathless, he sneaked behind his parents and planned the whole thing in a flash. Pretend to tie his bootlace, place himself between the note and other passers-by, snatch it up and not let on to anyone, not even Mother and Father, what he’d found. They might not let him keep it, and ten pounds would buy him anything he wanted at the emporium. Anything.
He sensed a city of prying eyes as he crouched, his leading boot half in the slush. A car horn blew its nose not far up the road. The tenner was within his grasp, a snatch away. Screams erupted from across the street and his heart froze—they’d seen him! What if he just got up and walked away, pretended he hadn’t seen the note? A skidding, scraping sound drew closer, like a heavy toboggan being dragged over the ice. A car horn blasted, made him jump. He looked up.
“Edmond!” Mother wrapped her arms around him from behind, tried to pull him away from the out-of-control car. It was too late. She slipped to her knee in the slush. He gasped. The driver’s bared teeth and round goggles and the car’s headlights hurtled at him.
“No!” she screamed. Father repeated the cry from miles away. Edmond shut his eyes, clung to his mother’s arms.
A violent yank threw them both backward onto the pavement. A scraggly old man wearing a red tunic spilled on top of them. The open-top car crashed into the nearest building, shattering the front window, its front tyres tearing at the side of the shop counter inside with a shuddery thrump, thrump.
Distant screams echoed in his mind like late-for-lesson bells at school—guilt piling on fear. Was this all his fault? Steam billowed from the car’s copper boiler, filling the shop. People stumbled out of the cloud, hands and handkerchiefs over their mouths while they coughed.
“Lisa! Edmond!” Father dashed through the steam, gloved fingers crooked at his sides, quicker than he’d ever moved. Edmond had never seen him like this. His eyes were bigger and rounder than the driver’s bared teeth or the goggles or the car’s headlights had been at high speed. Father was terrified.
“Are you all right? Oh my God. Are either of you hurt?” He fell between them, flung his arms around their necks. Mother started sobbing. “I can’t believe how suddenly—God help me, I nearly lost you both.”
“Aye, they had a narrow escape there, lad. I was just passing by, saw the snowball roll out and that idiot swerve—swerve on ice, I’m telling you. As luck had it, my footing held. I’ll never be more grateful to science than I am right now.” The strange man’s voice trembled like loose nails on a rattling old engine. He wiped his wrinkled hands on his dirty red tunic, a soldier’s tunic.
“I saw it, sir, and I can never thank you enough. You rescued everything that matters to me in the world.” Father shook hands with the old soldier while trying to hide his sniffles. “If you’ll give me a moment, I’d be honoured to help you up.”
“Pray tend to your wife and son first, lad. Don’t you worry about me. I can manage.”
Edmond’s curiosity gave way to awe when the old soldier rested on one knee—a brass, clockwork knee that clicked at the slightest bending of the joint. The man had a thick grey beard and a scar in the shape of an uncrossed f running through his damaged left eye. His bronzed skin didn’t match the winter weather.
A handful of envelopes lay strewn in the snow by his side. Edmond made out four of the addressees: Miss Verity Champlain at the House of the Harbour Master, the Royal Navy Port at Rapture’s Point, Van Diemen’s Land; Marquess Embrey at Dalton Manor, Winchester; Tangeni, Able Seaman in the British Air Corps, West African Gannet Squadron, Ovambo Contingent, Namibia; and the last, Sir Horace Holly—possibly the famous old adventurer whose exploits everyone knew?—at...he couldn’t quite make out the address. The man snatched the envelopes up when he saw Edmond was noseying.
Edmond sheepishly looked away—the old man’s secrets echoed his own. How would he feel if Mother or Father rummaged through his bedroom hiding places and found his private things. Or even the dreaded letter, the one he’d kept from them as guiltily as anything he’d withheld in his life. His eyes blurred at the thought.
But who is he? Where has he come from? Why is he sending letters all over the world? Is he a friend of Sir Horace Holly’s? How can he look like a down-and-out and afford such a spiffy-looking leg?
Two policemen helped the car driver out of the wreckage. He held his bleeding shoulder with one hand, nursed his cut forehead with the other. A voice called out from inside the cloud, “Nobody else is hurt, thank Christ. Were a blummin’ close ’un, though. Shouldn’t be any soddin’ vehicles out when there’s soddin’ ice on the soddin’ roads, I reckon.”
“He swerved to avoid a bloody great big snowball—I saw the whole thing,” another man said. “There should be a law against ’em.”
“What? Snowballs? Don’t talk rot.”
Father lifted Mother, then Edmond, then the old soldier to their feet. A flustered urgency in his movements revealed how much this accident had shaken him.
Brushing the snow off her best purple walking suit, especially the full bell lace sleeves she was so proud of, Mother turned to their newfound hero. “My dear sir, I—I’m—we are all very much in your debt. That was extraordinarily brave. You acted not so much in the nick of time as...well, I daresay its most infinitesimal flicker. My word! We could have been...Might I enquire as to your name?”
“R-Red Mulqueen, ma’am. Retired First Lieutenant in the...of the...” He dropped his gaze, held a trembling hand to his brow, as if the fall had affected his memory.
Mother embraced him gently and whispered something in his ear. He nodded, shut his old eyes tight, as though she’d just told him to make a wish. Then he opened them and looked at Edmond instead—a soft, searching look, filled with sadness and seawater.
She eased away, took Father’s hand. “Mister Mulqueen, I have the pleasure of introducing my husband, Professor Cecil Reardon, and our son, Edmond. We would be honoured if you would agree to join us for dinner this evening—a special Christmas Eve thank you for your brave heroics.” She snuggled up to Father and rested her head on his shoulder, the wide brim of her touring hat tilted up, covering both their heads like a skewed parasol. “It would mean a lot to us.”
He hesitated a beat and recoiled, as though no one had shown him this much kindness in years. Then he straightened his frayed collar. “In that case—” With a click from his knee, he shuffled both legs together to stand tall, his bottom lip quivering, “—I would be delighted.”
“Excellent. Shall we say six-thirty?” Father asked.
“Fine.”
“Our address is seventy-nine Ransdell Avenue, the second street this side of Vincey Park. Shall I send a taxi for you?”
“No, no. Thank you, I can manage.”
“You’re sure?”
“Quite.”
“Where do you live, Mister Mulqueen?” Mother asked, a note of concern in her voice.
“Um, my current address is the Steam Emporium, ma’am. My colleagues and I are employed there through the holiday season.”
A homeless soldier? A handicapped veteran? It didn’t seem right for anyone so old and proud to be eking out a living like that.
“I see.” Mother wore her warmest, prettiest smile—no one could resist that. “Well, a very happy Christmas to you, Mister Mulqueen. We shall expect you at six-thirty.”
He gave a courteous bow. “Mrs. Reardon. Professor Reardon.” He shook Father’s hand again, then flicked Edmond a wink. “Young Master Reardon.”
If there was a correct way to address a retired, homeless soldier with a mechanical leg, who’d just saved his life, no one had ever taught it to Edmond. But one thing he did know—felt it so strongly his heart glowed—made the whole crazy incident seem somehow worthwhile as Father and Mother led him home.
He liked the old soldier.
There was an exciting air of mystery about him.


Chapter Three

The visits to their various relatives were mercifully brief this year, the whole lot squeezed into a single afternoon. In between stops, Father and Mother speculated on Mr. Mulqueen’s story—his background, where he’d fought, the likeliest reasons for him obtaining such a prodigious clockwork limb—and really seemed to enjoy themselves. They might have still been a little shaken up by the crash, and needed this game to distract them, but Edmond hadn’t seen them as fascinated by anyone in a long time. It sounded more like a tipsy round of charades. He, too, found himself playing along, but not aloud.
“I didn’t notice any foreign inflection in his speech,” Mother said. “My guess is he served most of his career in a British colony, around British people, if he left these shores at all.”
“You sure you’re not on the Yard’s payroll?” It seemed to tickle Father, how much better than him she was at this.
“Three words for you, dear—the book club.” She grinned. “You don’t really think we spend all that time dissecting Madame Bovary, do you?”
Nice one, Mother. Let him chew on that for a while.
“Hmm, more like Wilkie Collins, from the sounds of it.” Father tipped his hat to one of his colleagues across the street, Mr. Lewisham from the Leviacrum. The moustached man waved back, and the exchange appeared to silence Father. He didn’t speak for the next few minutes, instead just listened to Mother’s clever deductions.
“Did you notice the frayed stitching where his epaulettes had been removed—I’d say ripped off rather than plucked professionally. Is that what happens when you’re discharged? Maybe he was disgraced. And his general reaction to what happened; I can understand a civilian man being shaken like that, but a seasoned military officer? Far be it from me to find fault, though. Good Lord, no. We were less than a second away from... In any event, he did the army proud.”
It was late afternoon when they reached home. Their housekeeper, Mrs. Simpkins, had decorated the front door with a holly wreath and a pair of miniature bells, while inside, around the windows, she’d hung an elaborate, beautifully coloured tinsel-and-papier-mâché border. A medley of Christmas carols on the gramophone accompanied her sewing in the living room. She looked especially pretty today in her shiny green dress and with her red hair tied into buns. Her smooth, pale skin and pink cheeks made her look about half her real age, which was forty-five. Edmond hadn’t realized she was coming around today. He blushed when she cleared her throat and glared down at his feet.
“Sorry, Mrs. Simpkins. I—we were—you’ll never guess what happened.”
“Let’s start that again, shall we?”
“Yes, ma’am.” He walked back to the vestibule to take his boots off. For her, anything. Sometimes he found it hard to breathe when she entered a room, and he was fairly sure she’d never seen his face at its regular colour. At least she seemed oblivious to his shame. There was nothing he could do to hide it. Beetroot—the only colour he swore he could feel. His crush had started in Spring, earlier that year, when she’d accompanied Mother and Father to his cricket final in Winchester. He’d taken a corky ball to the forehead, and was a little dazed. Before the second innings had begun, she’d kissed the bruise better and told him he was the best fielder in the match, and she’d batted her eyelashes like that duchess he’d seen in a Kinetoscope when he’d been little.
Yes, it was fair to say, he’d been in love with Mrs. Simpkins since that day.
“Anything the matter, ma’am?” she asked Mother.
“We had a very narrow escape. A car skidded into the fish and chip shop on Bishopsgate, missed Edmond and I by a hair’s breadth. We’re having a guest for dinner, Mrs. Simpkins—the man who bravely plucked us out of harm’s way. Set an extra place this evening, please.”
“Yes, ma’am. I’m relieved you weren’t hurt. I’ll say a special prayer tonight, thanking the Lord for His intervention.”
“Thank you kindly.”
Edmond peered around the door, still with his boots on in the vestibule. “Mother, can I play out for a bit? Sean Barlow and Golly MacDonald have got their toboggans,” he lied.
“Hmm, I don’t know whether that’s a good idea. These roads—”
“We’ll stay away from any roads. The path down by the cemetery, that’s where the sledders go.”
She glanced at Father, who had his back to Edmond, then took off her hat to reveal frizzy, mousy brown curls. “Very well. Be back in plenty of time to change for dinner. And wrap up. Last time, you didn’t even wear a hat.”
“Yes, Mother,” he groaned, then, quick as a pickpocket, sneaked his father’s miniature dynamo lamp out of his spare topcoat on the hanger and placed it inside his own jacket. He’d need that to find his way back later. Then he picked up his catapult Mother had banned him from using—the steel one with vulcanized rubber strips and a leather pocket—and stuffed it under his belt.
One of Father’s droll jokes made the women laugh. Good. Edmond bolted out, chuffed that they’d all forgotten about him not having had any lunch. They were distracted. But he, too, had more important things than food or tobogganing on his mind. He’d promised himself he would get to see the emporium today no matter what happened. By the time he got there, it would be closed early for Christmas Eve. He loosened his scarf, grinned.
Closed to people with no imagination, that is.
Out of the five friends he had in mind for the break-in, two were not at home and a third, Brandy Maguire, said she was grounded until after the New Year for helping herself to her grandfather's absinthe. That left his best friend, John Roebuck, and the cock of the street, Saul Lewisham, whose father Edmond had seen earlier from across the road. Both lads admitted they were at a loose end, their families all “chinning it”—a phrase doing the rounds at schools, meaning to work hard for no good reason—all martyrs inevitably took one on the chin.
“All right, Rear-End, you show us how to get in, I’ll take it from there.” In the four years since they’d met, Saul had never once used Edmond’s correct surname.
“My pleasure, Fat Man.” In all fairness, Saul wasn’t quite as chubby as he used to be, but Edmond never let an insult slide, however playful. And neither of them had ever taken offence. “Just so you know, it won’t be empty this time. There’s a man staying there—some old geezer.” No matter how hard he tried, Edmond’s choice of words usually bent to those that would impress Saul and John.
“You mean a caretaker?” John hesitated before stepping out of his front door. His overbearing mother had dressed him like an Eskimo at sun-down, with two scarves, a hood over his Klondike hat, and fur-lined Wellies almost up to his knees. Not the most nimble attire for sneaking in through tight gaps. But John was a hardened little rebel—he’d earned his stripes over the years, and had the reputation of not giving a fig for getting caught once he’d started a mission. That, in turn, had made him more and more reluctant to get involved at the outset. He’d paid the price for his recklessness more than once.
“A retired soldier, not far off coffin duty. Has a weird clockwork leg he limps about on. We met him earlier, on his way back there. A bit of a freak.” Shame jabbed at Edmond’s gut. He hated, hated how he’d skipped all the facts that mattered most to him about Mr. Mulqueen—the timely heroics, the polite, friendly manner, the stupendous design of his mechanical limb, the mystery of his letters. Why did have to say what his friends wanted to hear all the time? Is that what they did for him? Why were they all so pathetic?
“Ah, he won’t be a problem.” Saul grabbed hold of John, closed the front door behind him and frog-marched him down the gritted steps. “This’ll be just like old times—no fear nor nothing, right, John?”
“Um, can’t we go skating instead?”
“On your arse, if you like.” Saul shoved him into the street, where John slipped on his backside. The little trouper got straight up and set about pummelling his much bigger opponent, with predictably laughable results. The full force of John’s swipes merely thwacked on Saul’s padded coat. The latter’s plump, reddish cheeks dimpled as he laughed himself silly.
To even the odds, Edmond grinned and crouched behind the bully, flicked his smaller friend a wink. John pursed his lips, took a run-up and barged Saul backward off his feet.
“The bigger they are, the harder they fall.” Edmond sped off with his nippy friend in tow.
“You little buggers!” Saul lumbered after them, shedding snow and his flat cap onto the road. “Just wait till I get hold of you, Rear-End. You’ll both piss ice, I swear.”
Edmond found a few small rocks and fired one at him with his slingshot, missed on purpose. Then he flung another at a snowman across the street, using his best aim, strips almost at full arm’s length. A headshot! He was by far the most accurate of anybody he knew with a catapult, which was one of the reasons Mother had banned it.
Ha! Try banning it now.
He and John both played cricket and soccer and had pretty good footing, while Saul’s idea of sport was sinking shandies and snooker balls at the local pub. He didn’t catch them, and by the time they stopped across the road from the emporium, about twenty minutes later, the big ape was too out of breath to do anything more than shake them feebly by their coats.
“I’ll get you...both for that...next time, when you’re...least expect—”
“Shut it, Fat Man.” At not even five feet tall, John was suddenly the biggest of them, in his rare daredevil groove. “Go wheeze on your own somewhere. We can’t sneak in anywhere with a bloody lunger walrus hanging on.”
Saul raised a finger, opened his mouth to answer, but his boiler was empty. He bent to recover, his hands resting on his knees.
“Where do we get in, Eddie?” John asked.
“There’s a gap in the fence, between the third and fourth trees. We can reach the ladder on the corner of the building. Up there, just below the slope of the roof, Brandy and I found a loose panel. You have to bend it but it’s easy to squeeze through. That brings you onto one of the highest platforms inside—then you make your way down, one platform at a time. Easy-peasy, Pekinesey. You ready, Fat Man?”
“Yeah, but it’d better be easy...to fit through. If I get stuck, I’ll kill you, Rear-End.”
“If you get stuck, you’ll freeze to death. And me and John’ll come and stick a carrot in your foul mush.”
“A pipe, too,” John said. He nudged Edmond. “Do you smoke it?”
“Funny little buggers, aren’t you?” Saul barged them aside and stopped at the gap in the tall, iron fence, a gap too narrow for a grown man. The sun perched on the smoky rooftops across the Thames, its pinks and reds bleeding into the grim sky beneath dark clouds. There would probably be more snowfall tonight. After checking to make sure no one else was watching, Saul squeezed through the gap and ploughed through deep snow under the line of bare ash trees.
John went next. Edmond could see the gap in the roof from ground level. He noted the flickering amber glow, and how quiet the emporium seemed—indeed, how quiet London was for a late afternoon on Christmas Eve. A convoy of airships circled far, far above. He glanced behind him to the main street. Where were the rickety cars hissing steam, the clack-clack of horses’ hooves and carriage wheels on the icy cobblestone?
He swallowed nervously as John and Saul beckoned him. If anyone happened by, it wouldn’t take Quatermain to follow these tracks in the snow. But it would be dark soon and Edmond had no cause to worry. He patted his father’s dynamo lamp in his pocket. A custom design.
A light that—he hoped—would never go out.

***

A Meeting Of Minds: Professors Holly and McEwan Keynote Speakers At Antediluvian Presentation. A report by Julian Polperro.
Red frowned, scrunched the newspaper in a piercing moment of paranoia. He vaguely recalled hearing about the lecture, but nothing more. Yet now, with everything he knew, all the shocking, seditious information he was privy to—that he’d included in the letters he’d posted—those names in the headline carried a heavy sense of foreboding.
Holly and McEwan! To the reading public, they were famous explorers, eminent scientists, eccentric celebrities never far from the gossip columns. Horace Holly had survived the deadly Ayesha, Queen of Kor, had trekked far and wide with Quatermain; he had helped solve the infamous Bairstow case, which had finally debunked Lady Law’s miraculous crime-solving legacy. Ralph McEwan’s iron mole had successfully burrowed deep into the earth’s crust and discovered a lost, subterranean realm with startling properties.
And then there was the name Polperro—Agnes Polperro, member of the Leviacrum Council—a woman whose frumpy, schoolmarm appearance belied the poise and claws of a hellcat. Truly one of the most dangerous figures in the empire.
But who knew how pivotal these characters really were? The parts they played beyond their newspaper headlines? Their positions on the chessboard of imminent war?
I know. God help me, I know too much.
Hopefully the letters would reach their destinations and persuade as he intended. If not, it would take more than advent candles and slow-burning Yule logs to ward off the shadow poised to envelop Britain.
“Red, darling, you were in Africa. What’s a tribal word for Christmas?” Angharad poked his ribs with her imitation candy cane the length of a parasol. It tickled.
“Excuse me?”
“Between the eight of us, we’ve served pretty much everywhere in the world at one time or another. We’ve been trying to remember all the foreign words for Christmas. So far we’ve got French, Noel; Danish, jul; Spanish, Navidad; and Russian, Rozhdestvo. Have the natives over there got one?”
“Um, I don’t recall the Ovambo word, if they even have one, but the Zulus call it ukhisimusi, I believe. Most Africans I’ve met are nonplussed by the importance we attach to Christmas, but they seem to like the stories.”
Joe DiStepano thrust his hipflask out, proposed another toast. “Here’s to being good sports, nonplussed or not.”
“Hear! Hear!”
Reggie Portillo, former bough nest lookout man aboard the Elpidia—a noted airship in the Second Crimean War—now emaciated almost to skin and bone by an incurable he’d picked up in the far east, was in rare voice as he belted out a chorus of Ode to a Nor’west Maidenhead:

True be her ways and true be her gaze through the winters that await her;
Steer firm, steer sweet, my maidenhead, from storm and nymph and satyr.
Hold firm, hold sweet, O maidenhead ’til nor’west o’er the equator,
Till England rises, true and green—aye, rich and true and green;
Nor’west, nor’west, my maiden Queen, till England rises, green.

Even sitting several feet away from the brick-making kiln when its core temperature approached white hot was not enough to escape a thorough toasting, so Red inched his wooden chair back to a more palatable distance. He removed his sock and massaged the sole of his foot. Bliss. He heard a metallic chirp, like the squeak of an unlubricated hinge, somewhere high in the scaffolding to his right. Too much weight on the joints perhaps. 
Meanwhile, Joe helped Alain Desbrusleys, a deaf French defector from the 1854 cross-channel stand-off, retrieve jacket potatoes from the kiln’s rim. They smelled so delicious, and together with Angharad’s butter, tasted even better.
“So what do you all plan to do after Christmas is over?” Red swigged his gin, then poured a cup for Alain. The Frenchman flashed his toothless upper gum in a disconcerting smile.
“That’s right, you weren’t here last night.” Reggie stroked his days’ old stubble, which stood out like oil smears on his skeletal jaw line. “Proprietor came by, said he might’ve worked somethin’ out for us with management, said he’d be back tonight to fill us in.”
“Yeah, but he also said there’ve been enquiries—about our credentials,” Angharad said.
“What about them?” Red slowly sat up, set his mug of gin on the floor.
She shrugged. “Don’t rightly know. He just said they can’t offer us any kind of wages other than food and lodgings ’less all our credentials are up to snuff. Bloody cracked really, when you think about it. I mean what kind of portfolio do they think we tote around between our bum cheeks?”
“The way you cook, they might be better off looking there,” Reggie said.
She threw her spud skin at him. “And if you stood side-on, they’d hoist you up as a Jolly Rodger.”
“Tart.”
“Fart.”
“Bog Irish.”
“Bog ugly.”
“Fann—”
“And on a less exciting note,” Joe interrupted, to much groaning and a chorus of rude noises from the group—how dare he stop a game of one-up-the-other in mid-flow! “Red was asking some serious questions, and I think we should all think long and hard about our next opportunity. I don’t know about you, but I’ll wager this is as good as it’ll get for us in London—having this, I mean, this makeshift corps we’ve got going. We watch out for each other well enough, don’t we? We do all right? A lot better than if we were out on our own, that’s for sure. So what I want to say is, I’d be proud to have you all stick by me, and I’d be proud to stick by you, through whatever hardships may come our way. Here and now, right this moment, that’s what Christmas means to me.”
Red reckoned he could hear a pin drop. Apart from a few slurps of grog, the odd scattered crackle from the kiln, the emporium was eerily silent.
“Crikey, Joe. How many’ve you had?” Reggie drew snickers from the group, but perhaps more resentment, as Red sensed Joe’s outpouring was not only a real stretch for him, it represented the way everyone felt in the emporium this Christmas Eve. How many chances did flotsam have of finding its like in an icy sea? All things considered, their dining here together, warm, employed, and under the biggest Christmas tree in London, was something to cherish. To hold on to for as long as they could.
“O come, O come, Emanuel,” Angharad began, so off-key it practically ensured the Emanuel wouldn’t show this year, “and ransom captive Israel...”
One by one, they joined in with such gusto it sent a shiver down Red’s spine, and he soon found himself belting out the hymn in a trill, youthful voice he hadn’t used since his courtship days. Days he remembered now—a nerve-wracking blur of waltzes, choirs and serenades he’d bested to win the hand of a lady unequalled in his lifetime.
Would that you were with me now, darling. This next one is for you.
He segued into her favourite Christmas carol, God Rest Ye, Merry Gentlemen, and the others followed in hearty accord, with tremendous rhythm.

***

“What do you reckon?” John cupped a gloved hand over his mouth, whispered even lower to Edmond. “Should we go?”
The wooden platform wobbled as Saul shuffled between them, its scaffold squeaking ever-so-slightly beneath. “I reckon they’re sozzled,” Saul said. “We’re wasting our time up here. Looks like they’re in for the night. Bunch of freaks, Roundhouse Circus rejects, probably seen no more fighting than my Aunt Petunia.”
Edmond felt his upper lip curl with rage. “You don’t know what you’re talking about.” And that applied pretty much whenever the fat pillock opened his gob.
“Oh yeah?” Saul landed a heavy, thudding fist on the small of Edmond’s back, winding him. “That’s for the stunt earlier, and for wasting my time with this old fogey’s parade.”
“Do that again and I’ll kill you!”
“You and whose fogey army? Theirs?” Saul snatched Edmond’s slingshot from his belt and fired a small piece of plaster out toward the veterans below. Then he dropped the catapult and ducked, giggling to himself.
Their carol singing continued without pause, but Edmond knew it was time to leave. His urge to leather Saul Lewisham had never been stronger, nor, he knew, as warranted. These were not freaks, they were fascinating and mysterious, one and all, and they had stories to tell. The black man in the blue tunic seemed to be in charge. His speech had sounded heartfelt, genuine. This was his family, and he didn’t want them to leave.
Like when you get packed off to boarding school.
“Oi, who’s up there?”
Edmond froze. A lamplight dazzled up through ladder slats to his left. Its bright core rose to the level of his platform. He knew the game was up. Though he couldn’t see who it was, they could see him. He squinted and uncrumpled to his feet, shielded his eyes with his sleeve—anything to hide behind, just for a moment, before his Christmas was over. Finit. Now another year away. Father would belt him black and blue for this.
He hung his head, imagined himself the size of Tom Thumb so he could slip unseen through the nick in the knot in the wood at his feet.
“Right, you young hoodlum. Caught you red-handed this time.” A squat, pudgy-faced man with a Satan’s goatee wrenched Edmond by the neck of his coat. “Think you can break in and half-inch anything you like? I’ll bloody show you.”
Edmond didn’t have chance to fetch his slingshot, so he had to leave it there. He made a mental note of where it was so he could collect it another time, if he’d ever be allowed out again. He went from soft and pliable to sharp and resolved in the time it took Satan to waddle his way down the second ladder. Outside himself, Edmond had accepted his fate, and the only thing that mattered now was for him to not go to pieces in front of the veterans, in front of Mr. Mulqueen.
The rest was out of his hands.
John and Saul had legged it without being spotted. They’d left him to face this alone. What was going through their minds right now? Would they be worried about him? Or would they be impressed that he’d stood his ground and taken the blame for them?
“Just so you all know—” Satan’s unblinking glare made him think of the car headlights and the driver’s round goggles hurtling at him, moments before he ought to have died. Ought to have died. “—this little bugger has been spying on you from aloft. Probably not the first time. So if you said anything in confidence, anything personal, it’s odds on he’s got the goods on you, the little terror.” He slapped Edmond upside his ear, making it smart.
“Unhand that boy, right now!” Mr. Mulqueen, cheeks port-red, fists squeezing the back of his chair, drew startled gazes from his colleagues. Edmond’s heartbeat drummed in his throbbing ear. “You’re about five seconds away from wearing that torch like a bloody Jack O’ Lantern.” The old soldier limped forward—clack, click-click, clack—and there was no other sound in the emporium. “If you’re partial to chewing your goose, Parnell, I’d let go of my great-nephew immediately.”
“Your—why, I-I didn’t—how was I to know?”
“Did you think to ask him?”
“Well, no, I—” Satan let go his grip. “I’m terribly sorry, Mulqueen. He came here with you?”
“Yes, and he’ll shortly be leaving with me. We’ve a family dinner to attend.” The old soldier’s one good eye sparkled. “So unless you have further business here, I suggest you toddle off to your counting house, or whatever it is you do on Christmas Eve.”
While Satan cleared his throat, Edmond stole away toward the semi-circle of watchful veterans. One of them—the slim redheaded woman with a tatty shawl and only one arm—beckoned him to her chair, held out a plate for him. The cloven, piping hot jacket potato and the wedge of butter melting inside looked and smelled divine.
“Actually, I do have an announcement.” Satan dipped his shoulders and marched defiantly to the front of the gathering, where he thumbed his lapels, rocked on his expensive heels. “If you recall—” The discomfort of standing so close to the kiln bit at his oversized backside and he shuffled to a safer distance, mumbling to himself and rubbing his rear.
The skin-and-bone man tittered. “Spit it out, guv’nor. Yule time’s wasted.”
“Very well.” Satan’s hands trembled as he retrieved a multi-leaf document from his jacket pocket. He licked his thumb to turn the page. “As you all know, my position as proprietor of the emporium grants me complete autonomy with regards whom I employ, temporary or otherwise.” Chin jutting, he scanned their faces. “It has been brought to my attention that one or more members of this group may not be who they claim to be, that the goodwill I have shown those individuals is not reciprocated.”
He dropped his gaze, pursed his small, narrow lips. “Scotland Yard and the Leviacrum’s intelligence arm have intercepted several messages in the past few days—several rather worrying communiqués. It appears three sentry officers were attacked and badly beaten around the Leviacrum tower’s perimeter today. The same pamphlet was found pasted to each of their backs.” He held up a copy for everyone to see.
Edmond leaned forward and read:
Ambition Soars.
The World Is Yours Theirs.
The Truth Is Caged And No One Cares.
Demand The Leviacrum Secrets Be Made Public.
Your Freedom Hangs In The Balance

In the middle of the page, a witty cartoon depicted the Leviacrum tower as the raised middle finger of a giant metallic hand. Its insult was aimed directly at the reader, as if to say, Up Yours, Britain! Below that, the caption Everything That Rises Must Fall, and a final flourish:

Don’t Suffer Their Insult Any Longer.
Let Freedom Be Denied No Man.
Reclaim Your Nation While You Can.
Down The Leviacrum!

“Yeah? So what?” Angharad hooked her arm over Edmond’s shoulder. Though she smelled strongly of cod liver oil, he felt safe enough under her shawl.
“You don’t see the treason in this?” Satan asked.
“Do I hell.” The air seemed to crackle around her as she spoke up. “Since when is criticizing a bunch of scientists the same as treason? Oh, I know they’re a lot more than that these days—those bleeders pull more strings in Parliament than a barkeep pulls pints—and every man Jack in the empire knows it, too. But that’s my point. They all know it, but they daren’t say it out loud. God, no. They’d be hawked in front of a magistrate and their necks’d get stretched quicker and quieter than an MP’s britches ripple when he farts. And you can squeal that to whoever you want, Parnell. I ain’t no thug who beats up sentries, but I don’t kowtow to anyone or anythin’ neither. Bust that bloody tower open, I say, and let’s be seeing what our taxes are really paying for.”
“You’ll get no arguments from me, darlin’.” The stick-thin man folded his arms, crossed his legs. The sleeves and collar of his turtleneck jumper gaped several inches, as though the fabric was barely in contact with him at any point.
“Nor from me.” A hunched man next to him, who appeared to suffer from palsy, spoke up. “And what’s any of this got to do with us, Parnell?”
Satan shook his head, sighed. “I can see where this is going. You’ve formed your little  clique of unfortunates, and that’s fine. Good for you. I for one think veterans are treated shabbily by the empire. And no doubt you’re going to stonewall whatever I propose. Again, good for you. Solidarity is a rare thing these days. But mark my words—” The command with which he roved his pointed forefinger over the hostile group made Edmond swallow—“you’re not bringing me down with you. I’ve worked hard to get to where I am, and I’ll not have any washed-up servicemen with delusions of insurrection putting the kibosh on my tenure here.”
He held up the same pamphlet. “This and one more like it were found inside an emporium cashbox used by several members of this group. And Scotland Yard has evidence that similar seditious letters were mailed from this vicinity. Whichever of you it is, I advise you to move on as soon as possible. The powers that be are mobilizing for a major clampdown in London—any whiff of terrorist sympathies and they’ll cart you off before the words are black on your lips.
“The rest of you I’ll give until tomorrow lunchtime, but that’s it. If you’re not packed and out of the emporium by then, you might be leaving by very different means. One or two Leviacrum agents have already snooped around the stalls today. No doubt you served them without knowing it. And no doubt they’re boning up on your military records as we speak. The ones they can find, that is.” He cast a sharp glance at Mr. Mulqueen, but the old soldier appeared quite unimpressed, even snorted at whatever inference Satan had made.
“So there it is. Pray return to your festivities, and I shan’t interrupt you again. For what it’s worth, thank you for all your hard work this past week, and I’d like to extend to each of you a merry Chris—”
“Oh, blow it out your craphole!” The one-armed woman tossed Edmond’s potato skin at the squat proprietor, scored a hit, prompting Satan to storm out, huffing and puffing.
Shortly after, the stick-thin man raised his hands like a choir conductor and piped up with a stubborn reprise of God Rest Ye, Merry Gentlemen.
But this time, no one joined in.


Chapter Four

“I never did care much for museums anyway—if a thing still works, work it.” The grime from Red’s fingers greased the brass levers as he practiced how to steer the machine. Right lever forward to turn left, back to turn right. The aerogypsy was an almost identical locomotive design to the early ‘horseless carriages’, but with a critical difference—two rotor blades, atop and astern, gave the vehicle flight.
“Just make sure you bring her back in once piece.” Joe uncoupled the winch from the cockpit roof, having lowered the aerogypsy down by crane from its podium near the hangar entrance. “Vagrancy I can handle; grand larceny...not so much.”
“You fusiliers always were whiners.”
Red bid the boy join him in the glass-domed cockpit, for the ride of the youngster’s life. After such an unpleasant Christmas Eve—narrowly avoiding a police reprimand and death in the same day—Edmond had earned this impromptu adventure. “Hop in, lad. Don’t worry, I’ve flown these things more than I care to remember,” he lied. But he had grown proficient over the course of his eleven unsupervised flights, even if this ’gypsy was rather more...antique than he was used to. 
“Your parents need never know. Come on, I’ll land us in Vincey Park and we can walk the rest of the way. Think of it as a special Christmas hack to dinner, and I promise we’ll get to see London like no one else.”
Edmond seemed unconvinced, holding a puzzled scowl as he inspected the gleaming brass framework at length. “Who designed it?”
“An ingenious Norwegian fellow named Mikael Sorensen. 1882, I believe.”
“Professor Sorensen?”
“The same.”
The lad’s eyes lit up. “My father works with him at the Leviacrum. He says Sorensen has the sharpest mind in all Europe.”
“He’s not far wrong at that.”
Edmond climbed in, plonked himself down on the padded passenger seat and let Joe strap him in.
“Don’t get too ambitious, Red. The wind can whip ’round some of these taller buildings and throw you out of flunter. I’ve seen it happen. Keep her flat and low.”
“And bring me back some dessert,” Angharad said to Edmond. “I’m partial to rhubarb pie with clotted cream.”
“Will you settle for apple strudel?”
“Will I? Ha ha, I love this boy. Red, if you don’t bring him back to see us again I’m disowning you.” She straightened his bob hat, tucked his scarf inside his collar, and re-checked his harness. “Have a marvellous Christmas, young ’un. Don’t forget us now.”
“I won’t. And thank you.”
“All right, here we go.” The first rattle of the pipes under steam pressure shot a buzz of nervous excitement to Red’s scalp. He forced the two propulsion valves open. The boiler hissed loudly. The squeaking axles eased the vehicle forward over the cobblestone, out onto the main road.
Despite a heavy fog, light from the streetlamps appeared to bow in opposing ranks across the icy cobbles, as though they’d laid an amber carpet for passing dignitaries to find their way. Dim lights originated from living quarters in the backs of shops, where families had gathered to celebrate one of the only times of the year when everyone, no matter their circumstance or station in life, had permission to make merry, to abandon their shackles and rejoice atop the summit of their year’s labours.
But few would feel as lucky as Red this evening, he reckoned. It had been years—too many years—since he’d last enjoyed a family dinner, or any meal of note outside an airship cabin or a safari tent. Those eating places had, at best, offered a promiscuous sense of comfort, in the company of friends, colleagues, those he’d left behind for this mission to London. And even more years had passed since he’d seen, or more importantly felt, what it was like to have a wife and son to come home to. In his long experience, that remained an unbested investment for a man’s heart and soul.
Alas, so easily snatched away.
He sensed the boy’s excitement at his side. It fed into him, too. Ice crunched beneath the aerogypsy’s wheels as it gathered speed. He’d need to find a junction or an open quadrangle before he could take off—the velocity of ice pellets the rotors flung up might cause damage to nearby windows or passers-by. He cranked up his side window and bid Edmond do the same. “So’s we’re not fighting the wind in here as well.”
“Is this legal, Mr. Mulqueen, if you don’t mind me asking?” The lad didn’t look worried in the least.
“A sensible question, but to be honest, I haven’t the foggiest. Airships have to follow set flight paths when taking off or landing, and it’s frowned upon for a big ’un to fly low over anywhere inhabited—the limit’s a thousand feet, I believe. But the aerogypsy isn’t used much except abroad, to scale cliffs and such, or to cross devilish terrain. I don’t suppose London has even considered them as air traffic. They’re military luxuries, on the whole, as rare-seen as badgers are in the daytime. ”
Edmond beamed at that last remark, then pointed out one of his friends from primary school, a tall, gamine girl with an even taller mother. Strangely, Red couldn’t recall a single friend of his own son’s, and it vexed him. So few details from his family years had escaped him, and he’d always pictured his son as something of a solitary boy—perhaps selfishly on his own part, not wanting to share the poor lad with anyone else. How much of life was channelled by perception, secrets, self-obsession.
Did I ever really know my boy at all? Did he know me?
“There’s a tram depot if you take the next left,” Edmond said. “Lots of open space. You could take off there.”
“Good. That’ll do nicely.”
“I think you’ll like Mrs. Simpkins’s cooking. She’s a peach.”
Red looked at the boy, saw that he was blushing. A crush on the housekeeper? He’s full of surprises.

***

The rotor blades’ rapid chopping rhythm overhead accelerated to a steady whir as the aerogypsy lifted, a tad nose-heavy at first, into the frosty night. The force of the spinning blades tore up loose snow and ice from the tram lines, and flung it into its own localised hurricane. Edmond gripped the brass door handle on his left side, then let go in fear of it popping open. He hadn’t known what to expect when he’d suggested sneaking into the emporium—tomfoolery, perhaps even a little meddling with the steam-powered gadgets—but he could never have predicted this, actually getting to fly in one. The old soldier piloting the craft was like one of those daredevil adventurers in his halfpenny comics. He’d visited exotic places, fought in far-flung battles, and knew the ins-and-outs of every fantastic machine in existence.
He was the opposite of Father, or rather he was the man Father might have been had he not chosen life in a laboratory over the real world. Mr. Mulqueen would make the most excellent grandfather ever. Just to hear the tales of his exploits abroad, why, every boy in England would be jealous.
I should ask him if he wants to keep in touch. To have a real life war hero for a correspondent—better than a thousand made-up tales of the Amazon.
“Sir, can I ask you a question?”
“Of course, lad.”
Smoke wavered up from chimneys and trended eastward toward the Thames in shreds of smog. The vague glow from streetlamps through the ground fog below teased like hordes of dragons’ gold on the bed of a misty lake. It was at once eerie and magical, and not at all like Christmas.
“Where have you done? In the military, I mean. You said you were in the British Air Corps. Where’s the furthest you’ve been?”
“Oh, France, Gibraltar, the Benguela Plateau in Angola, deep into the rainforests of Central Africa, even the far north of Europe, into the fjords at the top of Norway. I’ve been as far as man has travelled in every direction and lived to tell the tale. I met some of my greatest friends on those travels—scientists, lords, African aeronauts. Many are still alive somewhere out there, making new maps, fighting for good.” His face tightened, and he glanced at Edmond from the corner of his undamaged eye.
“But I’ll tell you a secret, young Master Reardon. We were none of us happier than when we had families and loved ones to go home to. A man once told me, a true adventurer only ever leaves home for the joy of his return—the farther his journey takes him, the sweeter his homecoming. Someone who travels for travel’s sake is at heart not an adventurer but a nomad. He has no home to return to, so it doesn’t matter how far he travels, his roots are wherever he is. In my experience, most people stuck at home for long periods wish to see the world, while most who make epic journeys wish, above all, to see home again. It’s best to not get too carried away with adventures; their novelty is the fair-weather kind. A family is much more enduring.”
Edmond wasn’t sure if the old man really meant all of that. For one thing, he’d been to the ends of the earth time and again, for long periods in the Air Corps. Not exactly the best one to give a cherish-thy-family pep talk.
London was burnished in browns and golds and the red lantern glare of the setting sun. It was a fantasy realm that barely seemed to breathe. Spires here and there pierced the smog, while only three buildings were identifiable above it: the Westminster Observatory, with its brownish metal dome and giant, resting telescope; Big Ben, lording over the empty docking wharfs; and the colossus of London, the Leviacrum tower itself, whose copper and iron shell hid the secrets of an empire. Its uppermost beacon, a lighthouse for airships in bad weather, pulsed inside the gathering clouds, thousands of feet up.
“And now I have a question for you.” Mr. Mulqueen banked the aerogypsy left, heading over what Edmond guessed was Pitcairn Park, going off the ring of dark clusters in the mist.
“Yes?” What on earth can he want to know about me?
“You seem to have a talent for getting into trouble. And I could tell in the way you scowled when Angharad asked you about school, you’re not entirely happy there. So what’s the matter, if you don’t mind me asking?”
Great. The one way to ruin my whole flight.
But the old man did seem genuinely interested—unlike Father—and seeing as he’d shared some of his war stories, why shouldn’t Edmond? After all, Mr. Mulqueen might even have a solution to his problem. A problem that grew worse every day.
“Um, no, it’s all right. I mean—you’ve been good and all, letting me fly like this.”
“Let me guess. You’re in a boarding school? First, second year?”
“Second. But how did you—”
Mr. Mulqueen tapped his knuckles on his brass leg. “Experience, lad. Plus, I’m a pretty good guesser.”
Very well. Here goes.
Edmond took a deep, shuddery breath. “I got into a fight. Started off as nothing, ended up as—yeah, serious, and I never told Mother and Father about what happened, about what the school said afterwards.”
“What was that?”
“Um, it happened a few days before we broke up for the holidays, so when I arrived home early, I just told Mother and Father we’d been given an extra few days off, for Christmas. But I was really...expelled.” He drifted outside himself again, for shame. Expelled. The word that had weighed him down like a wet ballast bag ever since Principal Williams’s office. He’d had to drag that ballast behind him to the Winchester station and onto the train and off the train, all the way home, but now it vanished like a wisp into the wintry night. Yes, Mr. Mulqueen would know of a way out of this—he hoped.
“I see. And the school didn’t try to telephone your parents? Send them a telegram?”
“Our telephone line hadn’t been repaired, so I kept checking at the telegraph office. I intercepted two and never let on. Then I kept a lookout over the front path every morning, just in case the postman brought a letter. He did, the day before yesterday, so I intercepted that as well. I’ve hidden all three in my room.” He shifted in his seat, and was almost relieved when the harness tightened across his chest, keeping him in his place, in the cockpit, away from the horror forming again around thoughts of home.
“You’re in a pickle, lad. No denying that.” The old soldier shook his head, without the amused expression adults tended to have when children told them their troubles. “But I tell you what—you explain to me exactly what you did to get expelled, and I’ll help make it right with your parents.”
“Eh? How can you—”
“Trust me. This is what I do—did—solve problems for a living. So go ahead, son, give me your story and I’ll give you an ending.”
There’s no way on earth he can get me out of this. No way. Edmond’s stomach knotted. But his ending has to be better than mine. Maybe he can do something.
“It will be my Christmas present to you, for helping me to see the world through young eyes again.”
“You drive a hard bargain, sir.”
Mr. Mulqueen laughed hard. Somehow, Edmond had known he would. It was almost impossible to be this loose, this natural around Father, let alone tell jokes like that, whereas with this man he’d only just met, who seemed from another world, a rapport had sprung up the likes of which he’d always hoped for at home. What he couldn’t tell Father in a million years, he wanted to share with this soldier with the clockwork leg. This was one weird Christmas Eve.
“Actually, there’s not much to tell,” he said. “Snot-faced Jimmy Jones attacked me with a cricket bat for making fun of Wales, so I fought back and wrestled him into a headlock. The tricky part came when his friends tried to pry me loose. They punched me and kicked me, but I ended up squeezing so hard, Jimmy cried. The next thing I knew, someone even stronger yanked me off and twisted me ’round, nearly broke my shoulder—the bruise is still there—and thumped me on the side of my head. I didn’t know who it was, so I flung a fist, full power...” He demonstrated with a smack on his palm, “...and bust Mr. Jones’s nose. He was our geography teacher, and Jimmy’s father. A bit later, when Principal Williams tried to make me apologize, I said, ‘Only if Mr. Jones apologizes as well.’ I bust his nose, yeah, but that was an accident. He damn near ripped my shoulder out of its joint and punched me, and that weren’t an accident—he did out of revenge because I’d got the better of his son in self-defence. At least that’s how I saw it.”
Edmond looked up, expecting either a wry smile or stony-faced concentration. What he saw haunted him all the way to Vincey Park, and instantly told him two things: Mr. Mulqueen would indeed follow through on his promise to help put things right, and something sad and tragic had happened somewhere in the old soldier’s past.
It was the first time he’d ever seen a grown man cry.

A German Shepherd poked its head through a back yard fence on the outskirts of the park and barked at the aerogypsy. A few neighbours peeked out from behind bedroom curtains. A sudden gust sent up a whirl of snow from a nearby verge. It went straight up Edmond’s nostrils, making him cough, but he still managed to steal away from Vincey Park unnoticed. 
Mr. Mulqueen had opted to stay in the park until dinner time, to let his young companion return home alone, thereby allaying any suspicion of Edmond’s detour, for which he would certainly feel the rap of a stiff belt if Father found out.
It was freezing cold outside. Even the powdery top layer of snow had hardened enough to crunch under his steps—a guilty noise that preceded him past John’s house, then Saul’s. Lamp flames through their frosted windows were warm, steady. House after house looked safe, even dull after where he’d just been, what he’d seen, who he’d been with.
When he arrived home, this time remembering to take his boots and socks off in the vestibule—Mrs. Simpkins would be all smiles for that—the lack of any sort of greeting disappointed him. They were all busy getting themselves ready for dinner and clearly couldn’t give two hoots about what he’d been up to.
Then he grinned to himself and flew upstairs, two steps at a time. Better if they never find out. It can be our secret—mine and Mr. Mulqueen’s. 
Mother had laid his Sunday best shirt, waistcoat, tie and trousers with braces out on the bed. On his tallboy, the untidy stack of Horace Holly and Allan Quatermain adventure comics he’d read umpteen times since he was little. Perilous journeys into places that existed only his imagination...until tonight, that was. His breath caught when he realized...
The real stories are less than an hour away.
Mrs. Simpkins set the crockery and had to brush past Edmond to retrieve the wine glasses from the drinks cabinet. He acted as a deliberate obstacle, and went a little dizzy when his blood fizzed to his head at her touch.
One of Father’s most precious heirlooms, the second maritime chronometer invented by his ancestor John Harrison toward the end of the eighteenth century, ticked away in the display case on the wall, above the spinning globe-cum-drinks cabinet. Edmond had spent hours pouring over the far-flung countries on that spinning atlas, imagining the beasts, waterfalls, rainforests, and impenetrable mountains he might one day get to see—hmm, if Mr. Mulqueen was as good as his word on the small matter of the expulsion.
“You look bonnie this evening, Master Edmond.” Mrs. Simpkins combed over his parting with her long nails. Embarrassed, he shot a breath up from the side of his mouth, into his eye, inadvertently messing up his fringe. It was the best he could come up with in reply. She tittered and recombed it for him, then cupped his molten face in her soft hands. “Merry Christmas.” Her brief kiss on his forehead resounded epically in his imagination. The bouncing rubber ball in his chest grew heavier, its bounce too quick to keep up with. As she left, the room melted away, and he felt like keeling over onto the Christmas tree.
Oh my God.
What had started out as a thoroughly wretched day was quickly becoming the one in his lifetime to beat.
And it’s far from over yet.
He bumped into Father on his way to the curtain, to see if a certain someone had arrived.
“Easy, lad, easy. I say, you’re full of beans today. Not shook up at all by that narrow escape this morning, I see. You take after your mother—made of stern stuff, full of vim.”
“And you, Father?”
Father raised an eyebrow, then glanced down to finish buttoning his waistcoat. “Aye. Aye, we’ve all got a bit of that, haven’t we. Now that you mention it, none of us in this family are exactly pushovers. Speaks for good breeding, son. We’re from hardy stock.”
“Have you ever been abroad, Father?”
“What? Oh, yes, yes—once or twice to the continent. Leipzig was the farthest, where I first met Professor Sorensen.” He seemed only half-interested as usual, his gaze aimed more at the kitchen than at Edmond. But this was the longest conversation they’d had about Father’s past—at least, his unofficial past, the one he hadn’t already packaged for one of his Leviacrum gloats—in a long time. And Edmond wanted to hear extraordinary things tonight. This seemed as good a place as any to start.
“You never wanted to go further, you know, like on big adventures? You always used to tell me about those faraway countries on the drinks globe. Did you ever—”
“Yes, I suppose.” He looked away to the kitchen, then sneaked a glance at Edmond, as if he was totally unprepared for the question. “But starting a family is its own adventure. It can be every bit as exciting, and equally unpredictable.”
Edmond pulled a face, which made Father snort a laugh.
“You’ll understand when you’re older, son.”
“Father, how stupid do I look?”
“On a scale of one to ten? That face you just pulled...oh, I’d say a—”
Edmond laughed—“Fa-ther!”—and gave his old man a light punch on the arm.
“Ha, ha. You walked into that one, kid. But to answer your question, yes, I did want to go adventuring when I was your age. My biggest dream was to sail down the great Amazon from top to bottom.” He leaned in close. “Not that I’ve entirely given up hope of that, mind you.”
There came a knock at the door, but Edmond couldn’t think who it might be—not when Father had just mentioned the A word with such sincerity in his voice. The idea of him one day giving up his boring work in the Leviacrum to go sailing where Holly and Bates and Pizarro himself had visited was, frankly, not Father.
He opened the front door. “Mr. Mulqueen, how are you? I’m glad you could make it. Come in, sir.”
“A merry Christmas to you, Professor Reardon. Your wife and son are well?”
“Very well, thank you. Extraordinarily resilient by my reckoning—they bounced back like nobody’s business—but then they always do. English through and through, and Mrs. Reardon has already planned her next shopping outing down to the exact pace and pound. The stores ’ll never know what hit ’em.”
“I’m glad to hear it.”
“This way, sir. I believe dinner is almost ready. Mrs. Simpkins has exceeded herself, apparently. You know my son, Edmond?”
The click-click of his clockwork stride sounded softer on the carpet. Otherwise, he looked scruffier than Edmond remembered, and, apart from the dignity his red tunic afforded him, not really clean enough to eat at their best-laid table. The rich lighting showed up every black smudge and smear on his white belt. Even his grey beard sparkled—the specks of ice fell to ground as he scratched his chin.
But there was also something magical about him, glowing, a dear emotion Edmond sensed he was too young to grasp. But he was old enough to recognise its warmth.
“Hello again, Master Edmond.” The old soldier shook his hand.
“Good evening, sir. I don’t believe I thanked you properly for earlier.” For the last part, in particular.
Mr. Mulqueen winked. “Think nothing of it, lad. Anyone in my position would have done the same.” The way he scanned the living room, taking his time over seemingly every trinket on the mantel, every pattern on the Anaglypta wallpaper, every bauble on the tree, reminded Edmond their old guest probably hadn’t been inside a home like this for a long time. What he’d said during the flight about true adventurers only setting out to experience the joy of returning home—what happened when they were homeless? Was this the face of a true adventurer come home too late? The face of regret, of envy, or of happy memories?
Dinner started ten minutes later than expected because Mrs. Simpkins had “underestimated the stubbornness of the pork.”
Mr. Mulqueen laughed and gave the edge of the table a tap with his knuckles when he heard that. “Resisting a redhead with a carving knife in her hand and a murderous look in her eye—that’s some impressive pork. But I’m sure it succumbed readily in the end, ma’am.”
“Well, we’ll soon find out.” Father affixed his napkin. “Lisa, dear, you seem distracted. Anything the matter?”
Sure enough, Mother had been studying Mr. Mulqueen ever since she’d taken her seat opposite him. “Hmm?” She sipped her wine, her gaze still fixed on him.
“Darling? A penny for your thoughts? Sixpence? A doubloon?” He cleared his throat. “Mr. Mulqueen, I must apologize for my wife’s—”
“A penny?” Mother asked.
Mr. Mulqueen’s glance skimmed around the table, rested first on Mother and then on Edmond. “Christmas is a-coming. The geese are getting fat. Please put a penny in the old man’s hat. If you haven’t got a penny, a  ha’penny will do. If you haven’t got a ha’penny then God bless you.”
Edmond smiled dutifully at the old folksy rhyme, but he couldn’t understand this sudden queer atmosphere at the table. At least the rhyme had snapped Mother out of her odd trance. “Yes, I’m sorry. I was just trying to figure out where I’d seen you before, Mr. Mulqueen,” she said. “It nagged me after the crash this morning, but I put it out of my mind. Now that we’re face to face and at leisure, I feel it even stronger. You haven’t been in the papers at all, by chance?”
“Not to my knowledge, ma’am.” The old soldier shifted in his seat, clanked his limb against the table leg.
“Cecil? What about you?”
Father’s appallingly brief glance would have struggled to tell snakes from ladders two inches away. “What can I say?” He shrugged, then leaned across to their guest. “She always says I’m the least observant pleb since the Trojan who saw the wooden horse urinate...and fetched a bucket.”
“Cecil. Not at the table.”
“Yes, um, sorry.”
“Well, I’m afraid you must have me confused with someone else, ma’am,” said Mr. Mulqueen. “I’ve scarcely been back in England a fortnight, and before that, the last time I set foot on these shores I was middle-aged—not much older than Mr. Reardon here. Not much opportunity to make the papers, at least not personally. And I can’t recall ever having a photograph—” He broke his explanation with a quick, forced sniffle, as though he was conscious of over-explaining himself. When Mrs. Simpkins arrived with the main course, he struggled to his feet, tinkered with his clockwork knee joint and said, “Might I ask the way to the water closet?”
“Of course, of course.” Father directed him to the downstairs W.C. which extended from the kitchen. As soon as the old man had left, Father threw his napkin onto the table and glared at Mother. “Saints alive, Lisa! You invite him here out of gratitude and then you prod ’n’ poke him like a red hot cinder—poor chap must think he’s next for the rack.”
“Nonsense. He likes the attention. Did you see him light up when we all took our places. He’s a lonely man, full of memories but has no one to share them with. A little prodding ought to be on the menu, don’t you think? I want him to leave here with his heart aglow.”
“Just make sure it isn’t in ashes.”
“Oh, do shut up, Cecil. You can be an incorrigible bore sometimes.”
“No, it was you that—”
“And another thing: stop with the pally-pally freshman fraternity act. It’s faker than a Tory’s charity, and makes you sound sozzled.”
He almost choked on his wine. “Hey, since when did I become the villain in this little inquisition?”
“Since you forgot to button your fly.”
Father opened his mouth to speak, then looked down, saw that she was right. His slow nod and resigned smirk aimed in her direction was a familiar sight at the Reardon dinner table, one that Edmond waited for and loved to see whenever his parents argued.
Mother raised her eyebrows at Father. “A doubloon for your thoughts, dear.”


Chapter Five

When he returned to the dinner table, Red sensed the magic had already begun to wane. Like the photographer who tries to capture the joy of a moment but only really confines it to a still, lifeless image, he was over-thinking everything, not really experiencing it like he should. He was self-conscious, uptight. Perhaps he’d have been better not to come at all. As he ate his pork, stuffing, mashed and roast potatoes, mixed vegetables and gravy, the tension between his hosts burrowed into him, and he felt a queer splice taking place inside—moroseness with a kind of morbid curiosity. Then he watched while young Edmond picked at his food. The lad wore a vague, dreamy grin, seemed to be waiting, hoping for something...extraordinary.
I don’t belong here. They’d be having a pleasant dinner without me. But—
He cringed, then supped his wine.
The boy and his mother wouldn’t even be here if I hadn’t intervened.
“So, Mr. Mulqueen, tell us of your plans after the holidays,” Mrs. Reardon said. “Will you be staying on at the emporium?”
He considered the safest response. “Regretfully no, ma’am. My colleagues and I are only engaged for a brief term, then we must seek opportunity elsewhere. It is easier for some than for others. For instance, Desbrusleys, our Frenchman, is stone deaf and prone to lapses in concentration—he can only manage safe, undemanding work. Joe DiStepano, our fusilier, is seventy-five and has only one arm and sadly little formal education. Despite his enormous pride, Joe relies on charitable employers these days.”
“I see. And yourself? You seem well-educated enough, and more, shall we say, independent than those you mention.”
“Thank you, ma’am.” A shiver of nostalgia tickled his fingertips as he held the stem of his glass. Forthrightness in a woman of class and beauty was something he hadn’t experienced since middle age, when his wife had assured him he was going to do extraordinary things in his lifetime. She’d meant every word, too, but little had she known how right she was, or that, alas, she would not live to see those extraordinary things come to pass.
“And you’re remarkably spry for a fellow with a custom-made appendage.” Cecil held his glass up to the lamplight, then took a sip. “I dare say you’d have no trouble finding work in any number of professions. Pray tell, who designed that marvellous limb of yours?”
“An ingenious fellow from Norway—met him after my release from—” No, don’t go there. Indeed, there was so much he couldn’t tell his hosts, navigating his way through even the most cordial conversation required a doctorate in diplomacy. “The design was experimental, funded by an organisation who specializes in...rare mechanics. Luckily for me, my injury coincided with their readiness to try a new procedure. The leg works well for the most part, but it freezes up something rotten if I stand in one spot for too long.”
“I have to say, it’s the most impressive perambulatory limb I’ve seen, and I work in the Leviacrum. Brass legs are usually little more than ornate pegs for the filthy rich. But yours, sir—yes, quite novel.”
“Indeed. You work in the Leviacrum. How...privileged.” Red tried his hardest to disguise his disdain, but this poor sap simply didn’t know who he was working for, the twisted ambition driving that monolithic monstrosity high above the people of Britain. 
He felt the burn from Edmond’s gaze. That’s right—the lad read Parnell’s pamphlet. He might be putting two and two together. Maybe that’s not a bad thing.
“Tell me, sir, what you think the ultimate goal of the Leviacrum Council is. Do you suppose they’ll ever be satisfied?” asked Red.
Cecil set his knife and fork down, dabbed the corners of his mouth with his serviette. “I don’t much care for your accusatory tone, sir, but Europe does seem to be rank with these conspiracy theories of late. It’s nothing new. They’re recycled every few years or so—there were some real humdingers when I was Edmond’s age. It’s simple really: the unenlightened have always been suspicious of scientific progress. If there’s some new invention they can’t get a handle on—steam-powered travel, for instance, was resisted at first because it superseded horses—or a social reform that breaks from long-held tradition, people look for someone to blame for them being marginalized, for the world being changed without their say-so. They point fingers and invoke the dog-eared pages, but in the end, what are they really protesting? Progress? Technological advancements that actually reduce their workload and social reforms that give people more freedom?
“They’re casting a pox on the Leviacrum now because they’re frightened the world will soon be unrecognisable as a result of science. And it will be—trust me, it will be—but they’re wrong to be frightened. Science’s only motive is the betterment of humanity, the pursuit of egalitarian prosperity. If people could only understand that, they would not want to burn us down.”
Lisa reached across and clasped her husband’s hand. Her tight, crooked smile strained to burst open with pride. Red’s heart swelled for her, and it stopped him from launching an impulsive, likely dinner-ending broadside at his host’s pious ideology—a dangerously naive outlook on a world run not by equal opportunity but by power and greed and the packaging of the truth.
Yes, he’d been that naive once. But maybe, just maybe with his help, others might awaken to the truth before the shock of war touched these shores.
“Bravo, sir!” he said. “I believe you have put science’s case forward definitively. And if politics or corruption has poisoned the Council, it is through no fault of the scientists. I have always thought the purest science was done at home, though, in sheds and workshops and basements, where it is just a man alone with a problem to solve, with little invested apart from his time and his utmost determination. That is when small miracles happen. The more resources at his disposal, the more people looking over his shoulder, the less hungry he becomes, whereas the personal struggle begets the personal victory.”
“You’re a darned interesting fellow, Mulqueen, I’ll give you that. Something of an engineer yourself, or at least a tinkerer, I’ll wager? I have to admit, some of my most notable breakthroughs have occurred downstairs in my workshop, the smell of fresh-cut wood and the taste of metal spurring me on.”
“I am sure of it.” And oddly jealous. “Your good health, sir, and may you continue toward the betterment of humanity.”
“Thank you kindly.” Cecil surveyed the room, looking chuffed with himself.
After dessert, a deliciously sweet apple crumble and custard, Cecil asked him if he’d like to take a look at his workshop. But Edmond had already beaten his father to the punch, recruiting Red for a guided tour of his bedroom, where the youngster wanted to show off his peerless collection of adventure comics.
“By all means, and when you’re done, come join me for a brandy beside the tree—I’ll rearrange the furniture.” Cecil looked to his wife, who seemed to be egging him on. “And I believe Mrs. Reardon has something she wishes to say later.”
Red swallowed—whatever could she want to single him out for, besides more thanks—and gave a polite nod. “Love to. And thank you for a splendid dinner. It turned back the clock to happier times, and marvellous food. I shall never forget it as long as I live.”
“Ahem.” Edmond’s interruption amused them, and suddenly, this evening Red had kept at arm’s length was tame and dear. He followed the lad upstairs with rekindled enthusiasm, as though he was twelve years old again, skinless in a lucid Christmas dream.
A typical boy’s bedroom, with sky blue wallpaper, a navy blue carpet, oak shelves overflowing with adventure novels and the sentimental toys and knickknacks left from his formative years, a cedar armoire with the doors left half-agape, and towers of cheap comics stacked on an old, expensive tallboy.
“In my day, we read pirate tales and the stories of Francis Drake. Quatermain and Holly were still at school.”
“I know. That’s what Father always says, as if he’s somehow above reading real fiction.” The oxymoron was sweet, and it chimed in Red’s subconscious. “But I can’t imagine a world without ’em,” Edmond said, quite grown-up.
Red lowered his voice. “I think you’d better show me what you really brought me up to see, while there’s time.”
The lad frowned, made straight for the back of the tallboy, where he retrieved a white envelope. He’d scribbled out the addressee’s name and the sender’s details, so that a cursory glance, should the letter be found, would not clock its illicit nature. “Here they are. But I still don’t know what you can really do with ’em. It’s all official and everything. It’d take a miracle to put things right.” He puffed his cheeks, sank backward onto the bed. “Bloody ’ell, I reckon. If I’d have only apologized like they wanted, none of this would’ve happened. None.”
Red didn’t even look at its contents, instead placed the envelope inside his empty belt pouch. “Christmas is the time for miracles, lad. You just leave it to—” His knee joint buckled and collapsed him against the bed. His ribs hit the wooden bed frame. He winced out loud. Edmond sprang up to help him, but stopped short.
“What’s this?” The boy picked something up from the carpet, and in a moment of panic Red checked the four smaller side pouches on his belt. Christ, if he’s got hold of—
God Almighty! He has!

***

Edmond tested the weight of the thing in his palm. It was heavier than its size, similar to a big marble, suggested. Round and copper, with two hinged silver rings that spun headlong around the sphere in opposite directions, it was like a broken version of Planet Saturn, whose rings, everyone knew, were flat and didn’t move. He spun the rings. Static energy began to creep and crackle across his palm.
“I’ll take that, thanks.” Mr. Mulqueen snatched it up and stuffed it into one of his belt pouches, then fastened the stud. It bulged the leather slightly. Edmond noticed the three other side pouches also bulged. The urge to ask the old soldier what they were, why he was so protective of them, vanished when he saw the man’s intense scowl. He recoiled, felt he’d betrayed Mr. Mulqueen, abused his trust somehow.
“I didn’t mean to find it. It just rolled out.”
“No harm done, lad.” Mr. Mulqueen’s scowl didn’t lift, but at least he focused it on his clockwork joint instead. Clickety-click, click. He used the bed to support his rise. “It’s a little dangerous is all, and not what you’d expect. I’d rather you didn’t let on you’ve seen it. Is that all right?”
“Perfectly.” And even more mysterious.
“Good. That’s our new bargain then. Your discretion for my Admiral Hood intervention.”
Wait a minute... “How did you guess I attended Admiral Hood? I didn’t mention it by name.”
The old soldier glanced around the room, as if he hadn’t heard the question, or pretended he hadn’t.
“Sir, did you get the school’s name from the letterhead?” Edmond knew he hadn’t—he’d not even opened the envelope, and Admiral Hood was not legible through the scribbled ink.
“Hmm? Oh, yes, that’s right. From the letterhead. What do you say we return to the living room, and that festive atmosphere? I’ve never seen that many presents for so few people. You’re sure to have a whale of a time tomorrow.”
“What about you? Are there gifts at the emporium?”
“I dare say, yes.”
Two lies in two breaths. Who is he? What’s he really up to here in London?
Downstairs, Mr. Mulqueen drank brandies and smoked cigars with Father. Mother steered the conversation away from politics, and instead talked about the intrepid Professor McEwan and his incredible subterranean discoveries, a hot topic in the newspapers right now. Edmond had read all about them in his latest copy of Explorers’ Weekly—the adult edition, mind you, not the junior—and probably knew more about them than all three grown-ups put together. Instead, he pretended to read H. Rider Haggard’s The People of the Mist on the dining table, glancing up occasionally at Mr. Mulqueen, who appeared more and more relaxed as the evening went on.
Finally, the old soldier peered at the vintage chronometer clock in the display case and said, “Regretfully, it’s time for me to leave. My colleagues at the emporium will be waiting, and I don’t wish to intrude on your Christmas Eve any longer.”
“Nonsense, old chap. You stay as long as you like. It’s a treat to have such an erudite guest, and after all, we wouldn’t have had a Christmas but for you. Will you not stay for another drink?”
Mr. Mulqueen politely declined and, after a long, gentle gaze around the room, during which he seemed to soak up the homely ambience for the last time, took his leave. Father accompanied him to the door, while Edmond trailed, already eyeing his own hiking boots in the vestibule.
“And this is for you.” Mother handed the old soldier a green Christmas package wrapped with a red bow, and kissed his cheek. His good eye misted. His bottom lip began to quiver. “It can never repay your kindness,” she said, “but I hope it reminds you that there is at least one place in the world where you’ll always be welcome. Merry Christmas, Red.”
“Thank you, ma’am.” He wiped a tear from his eye. “And a merry Christmas to you...all of you. It’s cold out. I’ll not feel it, though—not now.” He held the present to his breast and gave Father a nod. “All the best, sir. Take care of them.”
“And to you, Mulqueen. I hope we’ll meet again.”
“Bye, Master Edmond.” He leaned past Father to get an obstructed view. He held it for a beat, then he turned and left.
“Goodbye, sir,” Edmond shouted after him.
And just like that, he was gone, the clack, click-click, clack of his gait disappearing behind the tall privet hedges that lined this end of Randsdell Avenue. Mother and Father held hands and kissed, then went back inside. 
That was the last they ever saw of Mr. Mulqueen.


Chapter Six

Ten to nine: fast approaching his bedtime. Already Mrs. Simpkins had caught a taxi home, and the neighbours’ merry-making, which had been so pronounced during the brandy and cigars, now gave little more than the odd hearty laugh or distant carol. While Mother and Father were upstairs, changing into their night attire, Edmond slipped out, dynamo lamp in hand, into a generous snowfall.
Being out without permission didn’t faze him tonight; it wasn’t the first time he’d tried it on, and anyway he wouldn’t be gone all that long—just long enough to find out what Mr. Mulqueen and his veteran friends intended to do about their eviction. They were bound to make up their minds tonight, for tomorrow, Christmas Day, they would have to pack up and be out of the emporium by lunch. Edmond been privy to so much, he’d hung on every word; it would be a shame not to know at least a part of the outcome.
He kept checking aloft for signs of the aerogypsy but the sky was thick with heavy snowflakes, and Mr. Mulqueen was likely already at the hangar by now. A tardy gaslighter, muffled to the gills and cursing aloud, criss-crossed Challenger Row, lighting the streetlamps there. This fresh layer of snow erased all but the newest hack tracks, while not a single steam vehicle braved the treacherous lanes. Happen news of the crash that morning had warned them against risking heavy machines on the ice.
“Till England rises, true and green—aye, rich and true and green; Nor’ west, nor’ west, my maiden Queen, till England rises, green.” He repeated those lines from Ode to a Nor’ west Maidenhead, more for the tune than the words, and they kept him company until he reached Bishopsgate, where several couples inched along the pavements, arm-in-arm, slithering every few steps and objecting to the scarcity of cabs on a Christmas Eve.
By the time he reached his destination, the streets were deserted and only one or two home lights were visible. It was very dark indeed down the side of the emporium building. Around the back, on the waterfront, it was almost pitch. He checked several times to make sure Parnell wasn’t hanging about, then he tiptoed into the darkness, using only his lamp to help pick his way under the bare ash branches on the other side of the fence. Up he climbed, and in he sneaked, through the gap in the roofing panel. A piece of torn clothing that hadn’t been there earlier—was it John’s or Saul’s?—was frozen stiff, along with a dash of blood on the steel panel’s sharp corner.
The veterans were in fine fettle below, belting out an aeronautical shanty he hadn’t heard before. This time, the emporium was quite well-lit. A bright spotlight had been rigged over the entrance. It blazed its yellow beam at the giant Norway spruce tree, reflecting a multitude of red and green glints from glass decorations among the foliage. Edmond wondered who could possibly have affixed them there at such precarious heights—the tree reached over 180 feet high. The operation must have taken an entire day. He took his place on the scaffolding, a little higher this time so he wouldn’t be seen.
“What time are you shooting off then, Red?” Reggie tucked his knees up against his chin.
“In the early hours, most likely—before dawn.”
“We’ll miss you, love.” Angharad re-draped her shawl over her shoulders as best she could manage with only one arm. “Back to Africa, is it?”
“Afraid so. Back to spotless diamonds and muddy water. But hey, at least I got to see snow again.”
“Too bleedin’ much o’ the stuff,” Reggie said.
“So it was you all along.” Joe gazed at the still-smoking kiln as he held his mug in mid-air, half way to his lips. “Had to bring your foreign gripes home, didn’t you. Had to spread that filth now—couldn’t let us have just one Christmas in peace.”
“Easy, Joe. You’re not exactly in with the Council cronies either. Red’s got it where it counts, you said so yourself. And sedition or not, that clockwork tower does want busting open, see what spills out.” Reggie spat onto the floor.
Joe looked at Mr. Mulqueen. “There never was any record of you having served in the B.A.C. I made enquiries yesterday. Far as they’re aware, the only Mulqueens out in Africa are with the bridge-builders in Zululand. They never heard of an Ethelred Mulqueen.”
Edmond’s brow ached from his constant frown, but now he managed an even deeper one.
“Whatever you’re thinking, Joe, you’re wrong. I sailed from Africa three weeks ago, spent every penny I had in the crossing. Those letters I posted, they each have a specific purpose, but this mission, I’ll have you know, was entirely my own. No one sent me here to do anything. Let’s just say I’m privy to more than you as to what’s going on inside the Leviacrum and its council chambers. Here and in Benguela.”
“You have to admit you’re a conundrum, though, Red, dear,” Angharad said. “I mean what you’re doing sounds rum ’n’ all that—no doubt you’ve got Scotland Yard chasing its tail—but it’s blasted odd the Admiralty thinks you’re a ghost, too. How do you account for that?”
Mr. Mulqueen said nothing, sipped from his mug.
Ghost? Ghost. Edmond couldn’t get the word out of his mind. Maybe Mother had read Dickens’s A Christmas Carol to him too many times, but under the magical coloured tree, it seemed oddly appropriate.
“I wonder if Chorlton and McCabe got lucky,” Reggie said, eager to change the subject. “They picked a fine day for it, that’s for sure.”
Angharad scoffed, then wiped a dribble of liquid from her chin. “Those two’ll be lucky if they find a hot water bottle willing to share a bed with ’em, Christmas or no. We’d best wait for them, though—tomorrow I mean. No matter what that fat article Parnell burbles, we owe it to old Chorlton and McCabe to keep ’em abreast of what’s happened.”
“You think they’ll come with us?” Reggie asked.
“Aye, I do,” Joe replied. “It was McCabe suggested the Roundhouse Circus a while back. Soon as the thick snow clears, they’ll reopen the market and the big acts. They’re bound to have something for us, even if they can’t pay us except with food and a roof.”
“And at least I’ll know where to find you,” Mr. Mulqueen said without any real conviction. Everything Edmond had heard today—every half-truth, outright lie, cryptic hint—told him the old soldier was set to leave Britain and never return, that he’d done what he came here to do and Edmond would never see him again after tonight. The notion swelled an ache deep inside. He sensed that same ache in the others around the kiln.
A flash from above made him think a lightning storm had arrived. He looked up to the long, thin window in the roof, directly over the silver star on the tip of the tree. Yellow light shone through the glass, blinding him. It was another spotlight, its beam flitting about like a fishing line in a choppy river. Then he saw something drop through the beam—a dark, flailing form.
At the same time as he realized what it was and leapt to his feet, yelling the thought out, the glass shattered. Two people hit the upper branches with horrifying force. One screamed in pain on the spot where he—no, she—had landed. Her voice could shatter glass on its own. The other fell through the foliage. Loud cracks, rustling, and the tinkering of smashed glass marked his descent. The body came to an abrupt stop about half way down. There it lay twisted and lifeless on an outstretched branch, its limbs dangling.
When the woman’s screams faded atop the tree, angry wind howled through the hangar. Snow fell in swirls, while the yellow spotlight continued its crazy search from above.
“Edmond! Come down here, boy! It’s not safe for you up there.” Mr. Mulqueen waved him down. Edmond felt the others watching. He concentrated on each sturdy rung, each wobbly step. It was all he could do to keep his mind off the shock and safely on terra firma.

***

Young Edmond didn’t blink. His gaze didn’t rise above his own eye level as he approached his elderly friends. It was as though invisible reins held his pace to no more than a haunted jog. His eyes looked like they’d been lashed open. Red had never seen such a terrified expression on someone still able to move on his own.
“What did you see up there?” Red held on to the lad’s needy embrace around his waist, and glanced up to the treetop and the roving airship beam.
“Two fell. One stuck up there. I-I saw the other...b-break.”
“It’s all right.” Angharad crouched to comfort Edmond, touched foreheads with him. “You’re safe with us, sunshine. We’ll figure out what to do. These eons of experience between us should come in handy for something. What do you say?”
Lovely woman, thought Red. Flinty to a fault, but a real corker when the chips are down.
“I saw...a woman land...on top. She screamed. I think she’s badly hurt.”
“And the spotlight? Did you see it before or after the window smashed?”
“B-before. It shone as they fell.”
Angharad looked up at Red. “Sounds like it wasn’t an accident. They wouldn’t have had time to switch the spotlight on if someone had just fallen overboard. My guess is someone tried to desert, to climb down a rope or a line dangling from the ship. The spotlight was switched on to find out who it was—”
“And they sent someone down after her,” he said.
“And the rope broke,” they both finished together.
Joe, having heard every word, now sprang to life, throwing his overcoat off and buttoning up his smart blue tunic. “We need to find out who that is up there—the woman and the airship. Angharad, take Edmond somewhere safe, somewhere close by but safe.”
“Aye.”
However unpalatable it felt to have the boy he’d gotten so close to wrenched away, Red knew old Joe was right. A decorated officer in the fusiliers, DiStepano possessed a decisive streak as firm as a second spine. Angharad rushed Edmond to the caretaker’s cabin under the scaffold, kicked the door in and ushered him inside. Good thinking.
Meanwhile, Reggie mentioned rigging the steam-powered crane to reach the fallen man. While it couldn’t reach the woman in the upper branches, the man might still be alive.
“I’d be very surprised. You heard the crack when he hit the last branch. That was most likely his back snapping.” And Red sensed they didn’t have long to dither. He crossed the cobblestone to gain a better vantage and then yelled up to the treetop, “Anyone alive up there?”
“Yes. Yes. Alive. You have to help me!”
Definitely a woman. But as he couldn’t see her, that meant she was either trapped in the foliage or she had a serious injury—both would prevent her peering down at her rescuers.
“Who are you?”
“Alison Raw—all.” A howl of wind pierced her surname. “Midshipman aboard the Queen Vic.”
“What happened? How did you fall?”
“Oh, Christ, does it matter? They’re trying to kill me. For the love of God, they can’t let me live. I—who are you?”
“Red Mulqueen and friends, retired veterans of the armed forces.”
“Help me, Red M—een! I have urgent dispatches for a member of the Admiralty.”
“Who is it?” The name she gave would be crucial—it would tell him where her loyalties lay.
After a significant pause, “Viscount Faversham, Salisbury.”
Good girl. He didn’t need time to reflect—Faversham was sympathetic to the rebel cause and a prominent figure on Red’s list of contacts in England. “Hold tight, Alison! We’re coming up.”
He’d already made up his mind what he was going to do before Joe rattled off a quick-fire appraisal of their options. “The crane needs refuelling—that’ll take time, and it won’t reach but half way. The scaffolds either side are too far away. I reckon the riggers used roof harnesses to decorate the top of the tree like that, but we don’t have ’em. The only way we’re getting up there is to climb.”
“Already on it, old boy,” said Red.
Joe pressed a spidery hand to Red’s chest, halted him. “You’re not going.” He looked down at his clockwork leg. “That thing’d seize up before you got gibbet-high, then we’d have to haul you down as well. No, I’ll go get help.”
“I’m climbing, Joe.”
“The hell you are.”
Red gripped the old fusilier by his lapels. “Listen, that woman up there is a courier. She’s an agent for my organisation, and she’s a friend to us. Believe me, if the information she’s carrying is as sensitive as I think it is, the emporium is about to receive some very unwelcome guests. Buy me some time, Joe. Can you do that? But whatever happens, I’m making this climb?”
“And if you make it up there, what then?”
“Let me worry about that. Rope has plenty of uses. Just keep Edmond safe, and don’t let anyone near this tree. Anyone. You understand?”
Joe pursed his thick lips, gazed up to the frantic yellow beam lashing through the heavy snowfall. “I’ve got you, brother. Go rescue your damsel. The emporium is ours.” He dashed away to the others, pointing his one arm hither and thither.
Reggie fetched two coils of rigging rope from a pile over by the hot air balloon basket—the same basket used by Phileas Fogg himself during his famous circumnavigation. He slung them over Red’s shoulders, then shook his hand. “Good luck, guv’. Make sure you tie ’em onto somethin’ that’s got guts.”
“Thanks, Reggie. Keep any intruders busy for me, will you?”
“Gotcha covered there, guv’. Joe and Angie have a plan already.”
Red sucked in a livid breath, then a long, cool, stuttery one as he surveyed the dense, bristly tangle awaiting him. While the bottommost branches appeared sturdy enough, swirls of snow and jiving limbs would make the upper part of the climb far more treacherous. He made his mind up to stay near to the trunk as far as possible.
“All right, Red, let’s see what this leg of yours can really do,” he whispered. After a quick salute to the caretaker’s cabin, where he knew young Edmond would be watching every step of this crazy ascent—he couldn’t let the lad down now—he steeled the squirrel in his chest and fought through the first sharp curtain of pine needles.
A ladder led him up from the soil trough to the first branch. His eye adjusted to the darkness in no time. Climbing with one leg proved tricky at first, but quickly became swift and methodical. It was a clockwork rhythm for a clockwork tool. He stiffened the brass joint for each upward step, giving his natural leg a crutch to climb with, then loosened it so he could lift the limp appendage with him. By focusing on this simple procedure, he found he could overcome any obstacle, provided he took his time.
As he reached roughly a third of the way up, Alison’s voice floated down through the inner branches. It sounded much nearer, and reverberated in his ears. “I can hear someone climbing,” she called. “Is that you, Red?”
“Yes, it is. What injuries have you got, Alison?”
“Both legs broken. One shoulder damaged, maybe dislocated. Maybe a couple of cracked ribs. And it feels like I’ve gashed my back on something sharp. I’m a wreck, Red. There’s nothing for it—no way I’ll make it down in one piece. I’m a goner.”
“Nonsense. Just keep talking, love. I’ve enough rope here to scale Mount Everest. I’ll get you down.” He rested a few beats, gathered his breath. “Tell me what happened up there, Alison. Who are we up against?” Not that it mattered much now—he could never turn back, not with such a sweet, forlorn voice beckoning.
“Acting Captain Abercrombie, little more than a jumped-up lieutenant but ambitious as they come. Our captain by-rights, Agnew, is terminal sick in his cabin—some kind of dagoe malady. Abercrombie received a wireless coded message from the Leviacrum not long since, informing him the Queen Vic was carrying rebel dispatches from Gibraltar. I overheard him reading it to his second-in-command. Everyone on board knew I was the only one who’d come from the Rock, so I dropped a line sharpish and aimed for the roof. Those idiots sent a man after me, without gloves. He slipped and hit me. Next thing I knew, we were both through the glass and shattered. Pathetic attempt at a getaway, eh?”
“You did what you had to, ma’am. Your dispatches concern the Atlas Club?”
“Why, yes—how did you—”
“Never mind that. Let’s just say I’ve been working hard to expose that secret society. It’s honeycombed the Leviacrum Council so thoroughly, there’s no difference between the two any more. The Atlas Club has also suborned its share of peers and industrialists in Britain, but not, I hazard, too many that it is beyond being brought to task by Whitehall. Not yet anyway. With assistance, perhaps with the evidence you possess, Viscount Faversham can help turn the tide. Nothing is more important in London right now. The Leviacrum Council cannot be allowed to go on unopposed.”
“How do you know all this? Mulqueen, is it? Why have I never heard of—”
Crack! Crack!
The first gunshots shattered remnant glass shards in the upper foliage and ricocheted down through the tree. Red gripped the trunk, ducked under a fat orange-brown branch. “Alison! Are you all right?”
“Still here, Red. They must be desperate. I’m under a few broken branches, flimsy cover, but it’s camouflage. They can’t see me.”
“They’re firing blind?”
“Yes.”
Christ. She must have the goods on some prime Atlas members. I need to get her away from here at all costs. Her and...the letter to Faversham.
“Hurry, Red! One unlucky shot and I’m done. Hell. They’re circling back. What’s taking you so long?”
He vaulted up the next half dozen branches without using his mechanical crutch at all, instead pulling himself up by anything his hands could grip. Pinecones dug into his palms, needles slid inside his sleeves and his collar and shook from his hair whenever he jerked himself up.
Crack! Crack!
“Alison?”
“Red, are you all right? I can here clanging. What have you got there?”
No use fibbing. “Something to help me climb—the strongest leg you ever saw.”
“Did you say leg?”
“I said hang on. It’s not far now.”


Chapter Seven

Sometime between the first clap of gunfire above and the waking of the final steam exhibits around the emporium, Edmond observed the whole scene through a peephole no bigger than a corky ball, and realised the desperate truth behind the frivolous violence in his adventure comics.
Desbrusleys, the deaf Frenchman, had been instructed to start up the moving picture show near the hangar’s entrance. This he did, but being hard of hearing, he didn’t know about the synchronized sound recording accompanying the imagery via a gramophone on the same pressure system. Edmond had marvelled at it that summer—he’d watched its demonstration for hours. But he hated it tonight.
The hangar doors flung open and half a dozen armed aeronauts dressed in fur-lined, hooded parkers bounded in. Debrusleys was unaware that the western movie show he’d started a moment before—an action-packed train robbery—was full of loud gunfire. The aeronauts shot back in the direction of the noise. They hit Desbrusleys, whose silhouette could not be more conspicuous against the bright screen, umpteen times. The projected light flickered red, then out. The movie ran no more.
Edmond couldn’t stop himself shaking against the tin wall of the hut. He couldn’t look out, but he must. The intruders fanned out among the stalls. He could see no sign of Angharad, Joe, Reggie, or Bertie Considine, the quiet man who suffered from the early stages of palsy. He tried to picture the heroic rise of Red Mulqueen inside the spruce tree.
I hope you’ve seen ’em, sir. I hope they don’t see you.
He crept over to the window and looked up as far as he could, nowhere near the top of the tree. But a cluster of foliage half way up danced more than at any other point, opposite the third tallest scaffold platform. That had to be Mr. Mulqueen, inching his way up inside, one clockwork stride at a time.
The steam organ piped up somewhere to his left. It drew at least two intruders over to investigate. At the same time, a dull whuh-whuh-whuh gathered pace at the far end of the hangar. Edmond recognized it as the sound of the aerogypsy’s rotor blades. But he couldn’t see anyone inside it, atop the podium. Two more intruders crept toward it at ground level, between the fruit seller’s stall and the booths demonstrating automatic typewriters. Those machines, too, had been switched on—steam columned up from their copper pipes.
The rotor blades quickened to a blur. Above, the miniature steam train that circled the entire emporium gave a whistle. It began its long, laborious climb, but seemed to be empty. The two curious intruders shrugged and turned to reunite with their comrades. They managed a few steps before the aerogypsy’s podium began to tilt, then to topple.
Edmond covered his mouth. Screams, and an almighty metallic clatter signalled the men’s grisly end. The hunched figure of Joe DiStepano scurried away along the far wall, from podium to podium, between the steel bars of the scaffolding.
Yells erupted across the hangar, along with one or two pistol shots. The remaining four aeronauts met at the candy apple stall. One of them removed his neckerchief and wrapped it around his hand—had he taken a bullet?
Had Joe snatched a weapon from under the aerogypsy wreckage?
While his colleagues headed for the tree, Neckerchief Man lagged behind to finish tending his wound. He didn’t get the chance. Reggie and Angharad emptied a barrel full of steaming hot chestnuts over him from across the counter. They kept low as they dashed away, leaving their victim to squeal like a baby as he crawled away on all fours over the cobblestone, toward the exit.
The moment of truth.
Three enemies remained. They were at the base of the tree, pointing up, whispering to each other. They appeared to decide that their best position for shooting was from the right of the tree, between the kiln and the tallest scaffold. Edmond could no longer see them, but he guessed they would probably climb one of the scaffold ladders to gain the best possible shot at Mr. Mulqueen and the injured lady. Should he do something? Tell someone? Call it out? But they were armed and he wasn’t, and he’d already seen them riddle poor Desbrusleys without knowing who or what they were firing at.
Mr. Mulqueen, be careful. Please be careful. He said a quick prayer for the old soldier who’d gallantly risked his life to save a complete stranger. Under fire from above, and now from below, what chance did he have? Surely God couldn’t let him die like this, not half way up a Christmas tree on Christmas Eve.
The silhouette of a hunched, one-armed man crept in front the red-and-green-spangled tree with what looked like a relay baton in his hand. It was Joe. He made straight for the kiln. He stuffed the baton in his belt, snatched up one of the heat-retardant gloves and used it to open the kiln door. The heavy hinge squeaked, drawing shouts from his right. No sooner did Joe toss the baton into the flames than three gunshots made Edmond cover his ears.
Joe staggered away, holding his side. He crashed into the chairs arranged in a crescent for his veteran friends.
Not Joe!
A devastating explosion hurled bricks and flame in every direction from the smashed kiln. Bricks rained down on the cabin’s tin roof and pinged against the scaffolding like a cacophony of giant piano strings snapping. A few of the lower tree branches caught fire, but Angharad, Reggie and Bertie were soon on hand to douse them with pails of water.
Edmond stole out of his cabin in a daze, coughing through the brick dust and the sudden intense heat. Three charred bodies lay under the tallest scaffold—he daren’t get any nearer to those. Meanwhile, Joe had managed to climb onto his chair, and there he sat, perched on the edge of his seat like a rapt spectator at a theatre, chewing tobacco.
Edmond was somehow able to form the words, “Are you shot?”
“Aye, lad, that I am.”
“Is it bad?”
Joe gazed up to the open window in the roof, then behind him to the open exit. Both revealed a blizzard outside. “Bad? No, not bad.” His grey beard hid much of his grimace as he touched the puncture wound in his side, then another in his back. “In and out, straight as you like. I’ve had worse.”
“Angharad, he’s been shot.” Edmond’s alert stopped her in her tracks.
“Joe?”
“I’ll take a bandage. No cause for alarm. It’s bleeding a fair bit, though.”
Angharad shook her head. “Fusiliers.” Then she hurried away to the candy apple stall, where she retrieved their first aid valise.
Joe drew a pistol from his belt, laid it on his lap. Moments later, Reggie and Bertie arrived with sidearms of their own, all pilfered from the dead intruders. “It’s time to get you out of here, lad.” Joe turned to Edmond, rested a hand on his shoulder. “You’ve seen too much already, and they’ll likely not give up so quick.”
“I don’t reckon it’s safe to venture outside yet,” Reggie said. “We’d be better off barricading the doors, lock the buggers out.”
“See to it.”
“Aye.”
“What will happen if more do get in?” Edmond asked.
“God only knows, son.” Joe looked up again, maybe hoping for a sign from Mr. Mulqueen. “And he ain’t telling tonight.”

***

Like a flaming blade stabbed up through the foliage, the god-awful explosion had cleaved Red’s desperation in two. On the one hand, Alison would certainly die if he couldn’t get to her in time. On the other, had Edmond escaped the shocking force of the blast? The latter dread hacked at his resolve, filed him to a grim, lean tool that sliced up, ever up through endless ranks of pine needles and coarse bark.
After the explosion, there were no more gunshots from the airship, nor the ground. Had Joe and the others got rid of all the insurgents? Or had the veterans been overpowered, taken prisoner? He gasped and wheezed, hot tar eating at his chest and his throat from inside. The muscles in his left leg raged. No matter how many rests he took, he was approaching the limit of his endurance.
“Alison?”
“Red?”
“Did you see anything of the explosion?”
“Not a thing. I’m wedged here like a twisted cleat. I’m sure your friends weren’t hurt.”
Red wanted to agree. Her voice sounded mighty close. He glanced up and saw her face for the first time—a wet, pallid oval clamped between a wishbone-shaped branch. Her ebony hair had snagged on the sharp bark, and was lashed tightly across her brow. She’d shut her eyes to help fight the pain. Her face shivered. He called up, “Alison, I’m here.”
A roving light from above caught his belt buckle. The reflection flashed into her open eyes. “You made it.” Her weak voice trickled into a cough. “But how are we going to get down?”
He crouched on the branch beneath her, not wanting to poke his head up and give their position away. “I’m working on it, darling. A hoist of some kind, so I can lower you down. If your legs are broken, it’s going to hurt like hell, and you’ll have to push any obstacles aside as you descend. There’s no way around that. But we’re going to do this. The tree broke your fall and kept you camouflaged; it’s obvious she wants to save your life tonight.”
Alison blew a tired breath to free a few loose hairs from her eye. Red brushed them away for her, stroked her cold, slick cheek.
“If we make it, I’ll let you buy me dinner,” she said.
“Oh?”
“Yes, I’m cheap that way.” Her soft, supple features suddenly hardened to spearhead the extraordinary effort it took to move her broken body even an inch. “It’s...it’s no use. I’m coming apart at the seams, Red.”
“We’ll see.” Despite her cries of pain, he managed to tie a rudimentary harness around her waist using a bowline. As for splinting her legs with the stiff ends of branches, or any other ideas he’d had for mitigating her pain, there simply wasn’t time. Any moment now, a hail of bullets might finish them both.
He tied the two lengths of rope together with a double fisherman’s knot, then fastened one end to the broadest section of the trunk he could reach. Dragging Alison down through a hell of needles made her wail and sob but he had no choice. “All right, darling, this is it. It’s all downhill from here.”
He sidestepped out onto a stout limb, braced himself on a spot he felt would support their combined weight. It would also give her a less obstructed descent. He took several massive breaths. Please work. He fed the rope over his shoulder until it was taut between the two of them. “Alison, I need you to push yourself off. You’ll swing toward me, then I can lower you away.”
God bless her, she didn’t hesitate a beat. The rope chafed his neck and his shoulder as he caught her full weight—Jesus—but at least she had one good arm to hold the rope with. Her other, though damaged, had enough life to push against the foliage, to guide her through the obstacles below. He gritted his teeth and fed the rope quicker than he’d like, until it suddenly went limp.
“Red, I’m stuck!”
Bloody hell fire. “All right, I’m coming.” He didn’t know how many times he could keep rescuing her, but he’d die before giving in. Of a sudden, with the snowflakes flittering about his face and the sheer razor of impossibility lining their descent, it felt epic, like some dark Russian fairytale, as though he was in the midst of his swansong. A lifetime spent trying to achieve the unachievable, dreaming big and falling short, now gaped before him, daring him to fail again.
But he had not failed. On the contrary, he’d achieved everything he’d set out to do in London. He had momentum.
He bent to unlock his knee joint but found himself flat on the branch. The entire tree shook under a heavy blow. He watched in horror as a small cannonball smashed its way through the foliage, thumping from branch to branch, a few feet away.
Time’s up. We go together. He grabbed the rope and lowered himself, hand under hand, down to Alison.
“We can’t make it, can we?” Her resignation confirmed what he’d already decided he had to do. He couldn’t let Alison be taken—not like this, not with the names in her possession. That left only one option.
“Not the way I thought, no.” He untied her harness and tossed the rope aside.
“What...what are you doing?”
“The only thing I can. You know too much, and we can’t risk you being caught.”
She stared, frozen and glistening. “Will it be quick?”
“Yes.”
“Will it hurt?”
“Only a little.”
“I—I didn’t even make it to Christmas, did I?”
Another cannonball rocked the tree. Red kissed her forehead, tried not to let her sobs get to him. There’s no other way. But when he dipped a hand into his belt pouch and found it empty, her despair flooded into him too. Christ. It’s fallen out.
But where on earth had it landed? Could his friends find it in time? And if so, how could they possibly get it up to him?


Chapter Eight

“Joe! You there?” Mr. Mulqueen bellowed down.
Thank God he’s still alive. Edmond spun so fast in his eagerness to fetch Joe from the candy apple stall, the dynamo lamp spilled out of his coat, clattered somewhere on the cobbles. He didn’t care. “Joe, come on. It’s Mr. Mulqueen. He needs your help.” Tugging the black fusilier’s shirt tail didn’t prompt the rush he’d expected. Angharad was still treating his wounds.
“Give us one minute, Edmond. I’m almost done.” She affixed two thick pieces of gauze, one for each bullet wound, and wrapped a bandage three times around his waist, then once more for good luck.
“What does he want us to do, lad?” Joe squinted up at the riot of red and green glints.
“I don’t know. Maybe he’s stuck and wants to jump.”
“Christ, no. He’s far too high.” Joe gave Angharad a peck on the lips when she finished tying the bandage. “You’d best hold fast to those nursing skills,” he told her. “Red’s angel’s in a bad way from the sounds of it.”
They all hurried to about thirty feet from the tree, a reasonably safe distance, where Joe shouted up, “Ahoy! How goes it, Red?”
“Joe, quick as you can—I need you to find something I dropped. It’s copper and round, about the size of a large marble. It’s urgent. Can you see it?”
“I’ll...have a look.” Joe pulled a face and nursed his side, muttering, “What the devil he wants with a marble at a time like this...”
“Is this what he means?” Angharad slipped on a bed of splinters and pine needles as she dashed out from under a low branch. Edmond and Joe helped her up.
“That’s it!” Edmond wanted to snatch it from her hand, but pointed at it instead. “It’s from his pouch. He told me it was dangerous—he wanted to keep it secret.”
Another cannonball, followed by a barrage of rifle shots, pushed them back to their original safe distance. “Red, we’ve found it,” Joe yelled up. “What is it? What can we do with it?”
“Nothing. Good God man, you mustn’t do anything with it. I need you to throw it to me somehow. If I’m going to save Alison’s life, I must have it right now. We have no time.”
Edmond gasped, gazed up, then looked at the dull copper marble in Angharad’s hand. This is something I can do...I have to do. His quick solution felt right—it just fit, as though he was still resting on his father’s shoulder, using his own intuition as he studied the Leviacrum roof through the telescope. He knew the old man would approve of this answer.
While Joe and Angharad shrugged at one another, Edmond snatched the marble from her hand and sprinted away to the scaffold ladder. He ignored their calls and even the din of snapping wood. Another cannonball had hit the tree. His mind outpaced his feet. He missed his footing several times on the various ladders until he stood, panting, on the third highest platform.
A carpet of green baize and numerous imitation frosted mountains separated him from the steam train climbing on its track against the hangar wall behind. Its rhythmic clunk-clack, clunk-clack as it passed between sections of track gave him a strange, steely poise, as though he knew deep down he was supposed to do this.
He picked his catapult up from where he’d left it earlier, and held the copper marble against the leather pocket.
“Edmond! How good are you with that thing?” Wherever he was, Mr. Mulqueen sounded surprised and anxious.
“I’m a crack shot, sir. But I can’t see you.”
“What about now?”
No, not—
“Look up, lad. Thirty, thirty-five degrees. The red tunic hanging over the rustling leaves.”
There! Got you.
“Yes, sir. Tell me exactly where to aim.” Edmond’s hands began to shake, so he wiped them both on his trousers.
“I’ll hold your target out. Aim for the centre of the tunic, and I’ll catch it.”
“Yes, sir.”
“You can hit it from there? We might only have one shot at this.”
“Ready.” Edmond licked his lips, then clamped his bottom lip between his teeth.
“Go, lad.”
As he breathed out, he pulled the rubber strips back almost to arm’s length, imagined he was aiming at a single letter on a label on the smallest tin can perched on his garden wall, and let go. He leaned after it, as if that would somehow help with the flight—an insanely long, rising flight he lost amid the darkness and the coloured glintings.
No reply.
The red tunic fell from the tree. It opened and twirled and closed and plummeted.
Hell. I missed.
He stepped back on eggshells, once again wanting to slip unseen through the hole at his feet. He scrambled for excuses, for reasons why he’d let everyone down. Then it occurred to him...what could the old soldier have done with a copper marble anyway? How could it have—
“Well done, lad. Tell Joe that letter inside the tunic must reach Viscount Faversham. Did you hear that?”
“Yes, sir. Of course.”
“Good lad. And Edmond?”
“Sir?”
“Don’t forget me.”
What?
Mr. Mulqueen dropped from the tree with his angel tightly in his arms. She didn’t even scream. But— Edmond shut his eyes and turned away...
In the corner of his vision, even through the skin of his eyelid, a searing blue flash. He ran to the edge and peered down, not comprehending, just...watching.
A spherical web of St. Elmo’s Fire spread in mid-air. It enveloped Mr. Mulqueen and his lady in a falling blaze. A memory of observing the sparks atop the Leviacrum tower shot into his mind.
The web imploded and vanished in an instant, leaving behind a hundred crackling, lilac streamers that spun to ground like molten spinning jennies scarring the night air. Edmond staggered back, dropped the catapult at his feet. He gazed up to the empty spot in the tree where Mr. Mulqueen had jumped from.
What—what just happened?
He listened to the claps of rifle shots and the ripping thunder caused by falling cannonballs, the distant, jaunty music from the pipe organ, steam hisses whispering around the emporium. But it was all background noise, for the same four words echoed in his brain like pick-axes striking precious metal in a deep subterranean cave: Edmond, don’t forget me.
He might have been standing there for hours by the time Angharad took him by the hand. “We need to get you home, right now,” she said. “This might buy us some time.” She let go and drew a pistol from her skirt pocket, fired four times up through the open window. “There. Let ’em stick that in their Christmas pudding.” Then she ushered him down never-ending ladders until they reached Joe, who gripped Edmond’s shoulder with a firm hand, rocking him a little.
It broke his morbid spell.
The sealed envelope Reggie plucked from the red tunic jogged Edmond’s memory. “Hey, Mr. Mulqueen said—”
“Yes?” When Edmond didn’t answer her, Angharad turned to Joe. “I might have hit something up there. Can’t be sure. We need to skedaddle, sharpish.”
“Agreed. Right, fellas,” Joe said, “I don’t know what the hell just happened to Red, but it’s our cue to leave. You know where to meet?”
“At the Roundhouse cloisters.” Reggie tossed the red tunic to Angharad. She draped it over Edmond’s shoulders to keep him warm.
“Aye and don’t dither. They’ll be watching us like hawks. Least we can lose ’em in the streets if we’re quick.”
Edmond’s urge to speak out almost made his head burst. Reggie’s leaving with the sealed envelope? “But Mr. Mulqueen said—” he shouted.
Angharad crouched in front of him, stroked his cheek with her cold hand that smelled of cordite. “What did he say, love?”
“He said, Joe needs to make sure the letter gets to Viscount Faversham. Then he jumped.”
“You hear that, Joe?” she asked.
“Aye, and I’ll see that it does. Whatever exploded up there, Red gave his life for this letter. You have my word on it, lad. Now, let’s go.”
Edmond glanced back once more before they left the emporium. The giant Christmas tree still stood, its reds and greens still sparkled, the steam exhibits worked tirelessly, but all hint of magic was gone from the place. Mr. Mulqueen had killed himself and his angel from atop the tree in an explosion from his unfathomable grenade. Leviacrum technology—something Father was working on? If weapons like that were headed for Britain, maybe the old soldier was right to want the Leviacrum destroyed. Maybe Father was one of the villains without even knowing it.
Reggie and Bertie ran southward onto Liverpool Street, while Joe and Angharad led him northward, homeward. The airship, with its twin bullet-shaped balloons—a Gannet ship—had already crossed the Thames and was veering eastward at an extreme lopsided angle. So Angharad had hit it after all, perhaps burst a ballonet or two.
“You said Ransdell Avenue?” Joe asked him.
“I know it,” Angharad replied. “A few streets past Spiffy Row, sorry, Challenger Row,” she imitated a posh voice, trying to cheer Edmond up, “near Vincey Park.”
“Would you like me to explain to your parents.” The pain in Joe’s side made him groan.
“I’ll take care of it from here,” Angharad said. “You get yourself over to the Roundhouse, see if there’s anyone can dress that wound proper.”
He flicked her a salute. “Yes, ma’am. Edmond, the best of luck to you. You’ve been through hell tonight, and I’m sorry. But that was a brave show you put on at the end. A very brave show indeed. Your parents would be proud. If you ever need us for anything, try the Roundhouse Circus first.”
“I-I will. Goodbye, Joe.”
“Fare thee well, lad. Via con dios.”
 And just like that, Edmond was on his own with the skinny, one-armed woman who smelled of cod liver oil and cordite and had a deep, beautiful shade of red hair that shone intermittently in the light from street lamps as she hunched over his shoulder, protecting him from prying eyes.
The red tunic weighed heavily on him all the way home.


Chapter Nine

Was it possible to just walk away from something like that? Something that would be splashed all over the newspapers in the coming week? Something inexplicable?
Secrets. He was getting good at them.
Angharad assured him the police would have no cause to seek him out—the only treacherous person who’d seen him was Parnell, and even he could only hope to find Edmond by dint of his association with Mr. Mulqueen, a man who no longer existed. The old soldier had referred to Edmond as his great-nephew. In a way, that’s what he’d felt like tonight. But now Mr. Mulqueen was gone, and that pretend family tie was...lost to St. Elmo’s Fire.
They both agreed it would be best if Edmond made up an excuse for why he was out late rather than own up to any involvement in the deadly emporium affair.
On the corner of Randsdell Avenue, Angharad kissed him goodbye and held him for the longest time. He felt nothing, only a weary indifference. But as he watched her take the darkest, emptiest side streets on her way to a life of homelessness, a twinge of guilt hit him, and he crept home through a strange sensation he could only describe as half floating, half mired in a foggy familiarity.
Inside, he found Father flaked out on the settee in his smoking jacket, so he decided not to wake him and went straight to bed. The lies could wait until tomorrow. He kept to the left side of the stairs to keep them from creaking, and didn’t even put his bedroom light on to get changed into his pyjamas. As he took the red tunic off, went to place it onto the bed, a flash of panic gripped him—the whole nightmarish series of events in the emporium blazed back to life all at once. He tossed the tunic onto the floor.
Something spilled out and whacked the bottom of his tallboy. Shaped like an open clam, it was about the size of his palm. At closer inspection he found it was an old, faded silver pocket watch. He held it up to the moonlight. On the lid was a coat-of-arms inscribed into the metal: crossed axes, a shield, a wreath, and a tiny scroll whose words he would need a magnifying glass to read. He put it in his bedside drawer, hid the tunic behind his armoire, and changed for bed.
For much of the night he lay on his side, staring out at the snow showers and the bright moon between clouds, reliving the tragic events of a Christmas Eve he could never come to terms with. A day as long and exciting as a whole year—but excitement turned inward on itself, eating itself to its bare, sharp bones. He wished none of it had happened. It had started in near-death in broad daylight and ended with real death in the dark, right in front of him. Mr. Mulqueen had shot in and out of his life like a meteorite skipping off the earth’s atmosphere, sparking for a brief moment before disappearing forever. But in that moment, Edmond knew he had gained a new way of seeing the world that he would never forget. Maybe he would understand it better when he was older, as Father was fond of saying.
Don’t forget me, Mr. Mulqueen had said at the end.
No, sir, I shan’t. And don’t forget me either, wherever you are.
He fell into a fitful sleep.
Laughter from children playing in the street outside woke him early the next morning. As soon as he’d rubbed his eyes, picked the crusted sleep out of them, he realized what day it was and leapt up, giddy with anticipation.
Presents.
Vague shadows of distant, heavy events blotted in the back of his mind but this was Christmas Day—nothing could breach the magic. Breathless, he roughed into his dressing gown and dug his feet into his slippers. A faint ticking drew him to his bedside drawer, but before he’d half-opened it, the memory of something illicit inside, a pocket watch that kept time for events he daren’t go near today, he slid it shut and bounded downstairs, focused on only one thing:
Presents.
Mother and Father weren’t up yet, so he poured himself a glass of milk, gulped it down, and began separating the gifts into three piles, one for each of them. Of course, his was by far the biggest.
When Mother came down, she kissed him and wished him a happy Christmas. He repeated the words once aloud, then several times under his breath, feeling relieved and grateful and genuinely blessed. That he’d had a family to come home to at the end of a horrible day when the men and women from the emporium had not—he would remember this feeling, and this Christmas morning, for a long time.
“Where were you last night, Edmond?” Father didn’t sound overly concerned as he strolled in, yawned, and kissed Mother for making his morning coffee. But when he repeated the question, he glared at Edmond. “Hmm?”
“At John’s. We played games till late. You were asleep on the settee when I got back, Father.”
“Ah, yes—well—” Father eyed the empty brandy bottle on the sideboard, cleared his throat, “—you’d better ask us next time or there’ll be trouble. Understand?”
“Yes, sir.”
“Good.” He rubbed his hands together. “So who wants to go first? Lisa?”
“Edmond, you lead off this year,” she said. “You’ve a mountain to get through.”
Don’t mind if I do.
Shredded paper and upturned cardboard boxes soon piled into a barricade around him as he delved into the treasures under the tree. The most noteworthy gifts were a mechanical brass device resembling a typewriter, for calculating sums, from his Uncle Oyvind, Mother’s wealthy step-brother from Norway; a pair of spectrometer goggles from his parents; and from his Great Auntie Alice, a pristine first edition of The Naturalist on the River Amazons by Henry Walter Bates, a book he’d borrowed from the library but had desperately wanted to own. The rest were either clothes, sweets, or curiosity toys he normally wouldn’t have given a second thought. Today, however, he delighted in them all.
Afterward, he rocked back and forth on his pouffe, scrunching up wrapping paper and tossing it for the waste paper bin across the room. Mother cried when she opened her present from him, a portrait he’d sketched while she’d sat in the back garden wistfully thinking of ideas for her book club presentation on Emma. It wasn’t a bad effort, if he did say so himself. And Father proclaimed his own present from Edmond—a miniature orrery assembled from a set he’d bought from Fergal O’Malley’s Scale Models—a tremendous effort. It had taken Edmond a full week to put together back in October, during half-term.
Father seemed even more chuffed with Mother’s present for him—a shiny pocket watch with some kind of personalized inscription on the inside of the lid. He slid it into his waistcoat pocket, affixed the chain fastener to his buttonhole, and then smothered her with kisses, making her giggle.
Then something happened no one expected.
“I don’t remember putting this under the tree.” Mother held up a bulging red envelope addressed to Professor Cecil Reardon. “You recognize the handwriting, dear?” She handed it to Father, who appeared equally nonplussed but nevertheless opened it with more gusto than usual.
After a quick scan of the first page of the letter inside—there appeared to be several pages, along with a folded stamped, addressed envelope—he skipped to the final page. He frowned as he read. He rechecked the first page, then the last, and finally let the whole thing fall to his lap.
“Cecil? Dear? Whatever’s the matter? Who’s it from?”
“Father?”
He studied Edmond, the formidable cogs of his mind working overtime. “Most peculiar. It’s from Red Mulqueen.”
Edmond leaned forward, elbows on knees, chin in hands, his heart beginning to pummel. That can’t be. He didn’t have time to—
“What does it say?” Mother asked.
“It’s political. He says he’s a part of this insurrectionist movement—damned irregular.”
“What else does it say?”
Father skimmed the next couple of pages, then picked up aloud, mid-sentence. “It has fallen to me to warn you of an impending catastrophe, and to familiarize you with the persons to whom you must make yourself known if Britain is to avoid this terrible outcome. Overleaf are the twenty key persons I have shortlisted to replace the Leviacrum Council once it is overthrown—and trust me, Cecil, by the time you read this, it will already be on its knees. Look to the tower on Christmas morning.”
Mother was the first to head for the front door. “Whatever can he mean?”
Father followed, the letter firmly in his grip, while Edmond hung back, his mind racing to figure his unwitting part in this strange claim. Did the nightmarish events of the previous night link to this somehow?
“My God!” Mother clamped a hand over her mouth as she gazed up over the rooftops of London.
“No! Those evil—” Father clasped hands on the back of his head, squeezed his arms against his temples. What’s wrong, Father? What’s happened? “They finally did it. They finally burned it at the stake—like some goddamn medieval cult—bunch of insane witch finders. Oh, they’ll swing for this. Mark my words. Every last one of ’em will feel the noose. Those stupid— Don’t they know what they’ve done?”
Edmond crept out behind him, almost too afraid to look, but look he must.
A giant, amber candle flame burned far above the Thames. Its dark smoke already lined miles of cloud to the south and east. The Leviacrum tower was on fire. Much of the top quarter had already been consumed.
He swallowed hard, but his first reaction was not fear. It was wonder—how an old, handicapped soldier with no home and no money to speak of could possibly have orchestrated something so massive, so historic, so terrible.
And he’d been a guest in their house.
“This is insane,” Father reiterated, then dashed back inside to finish the letter that—to some—might implicate him in the conflagration. Mother squeezed beside him on the settee, draped her arm over his shoulder as he read on. “Please contact Professors Sorenson and Bilali at your earliest convenience, and they will explain exactly why this measure was necessary in wresting power away from the Council. There are enormous industrial interests involved here, Cecil, and much of their research and development will now be up in smoke. It is time to hand British science back to the British people. It is time for the scientists in their home workshops and basements to take the lead once more. With your help, sir, new laws and a new infrastructure for the transparency of scientific evolution can be implemented. No one organization must hold sway over the limitless potential of steam science.”
He flipped the page, his frown now gone, replaced by a wide-eyed fascination. “And now for a word or two about your son—Edmond.”
No, no! Skip on, Father. Whatever you do, don’t read—
“It has come to my attention that he was expelled from Admiral Hood Boarding School this past week—” Mother and Father both glared at him, “—and that, owing to circumstances the headmaster has chosen to ignore, I believe Edmond was dealt with callously and unfairly. If you will listen to his account, the only correct conclusion must be that he acted in self-defence. A vengeful teacher and a priggish principal do not an impartial jury make. I pray you will take this matter to the highest authority in hope of overturning what I deem a travesty of justice.”
Edmond flushed cold, then molten.
“And do not treat the boy too harshly for withholding this news from you. He is braver and brighter than you realize, for he stuck to his principals in the face of a beastly interrogation in the master’s office that day. Ask yourself this: if you were twelve years old and found yourself expelled, would you be frightened of delivering that news to your parents, and would you not put it off for as long as you possibly could? I know I would. Edmond gave me the official letter to give to you, so here it is. Whatever the outcome, I pray you grant him his dearest wish and send him to a school much closer to home. Boarding School is not for everyone. Some boys thrive when they are close to family. I believe Edmond is one.”
Mother dabbed her eyes with her handkerchief, and Father’s voice almost broke as he read on. “I lost my son before I ever really knew him. Do not make that same mistake. Family should not merely be celebrated once a year within prescribed festivities; its magic should be kindled every day and by every member, for nothing as long as we live will ever replace that bond we share before the hearth. It is what I regret most in old age; the years I missed with my wife and son. Pray look after Lisa and Edmond. Do not let your work overshadow them, as the Leviacrum has overshadowed all that is good in London.
“For my part, I voyaged from Africa to achieve two goals: one, to put this seismic shift of power in motion for the people of Britain; and two, and far more importantly, to right a wrong that has haunted me for over twenty years.
“Where you go from here, sir, is entirely up to you.
“Yours faithfully,
“Ethelred “Red” Mulqueen.”

The sound of the ticking Harrison clock reigned over the living room, and no one spoke for several minutes—minutes chock-a-block with unfinished, grandiose theory.
Mr. Mulqueen must have been an undercover agent with huge influence among the higher-ups. Was he titled? A banished duke or a lord? He definitely spoke and wrote well enough. Joe even said the Admiralty had no record of his name. And he sided with me against the school? Maybe I was right to stick to my guns all along.
Father retrieved his pocket watch and slowly wound the hands to set the time by his infallible Harrison clock. On the top of the lid, an oddly familiar decoration caught Edmond’s eye. He’d seen it before, though he didn’t quite know where.
“Father, can I see your watch?”
“Why—yes, of course.” He handed it over, distracted. “Your mother always picks the perfect gift, eh.”
“It’s...smart, yes.” Something about that shape inscribed into the lid... “Can I take it upstairs?”
“Hey—” Before Father had chance to object, Edmond was already at the foot of the stairs.
“I’ll be really quick.”
“Edmond, don’t run in the house,” Mother shouted.
He made straight for his bedside table, where he’d hidden the watch that had fallen from Mr. Mulqueen’s tunic. He sat on the bed, studying the timepieces side by side.
The design is the same. The coats of arms on the lids are identical. Maybe it’s a common make of watch.
But Mr. Mulqueen’s watch was much older, discoloured, more worn in every way. It didn’t have a chain either.
He flicked Father’s lid up, read the inscription inside:
To My Darling Cecil, With All My Love At Christmas. Forever Yours, Lisa.
He suddenly felt sorry for Mr. Mulqueen, who’d come so far and achieved so much, but had been without a family of his own for so long. The thing he’d cherished the most—forever out of his grasp. He should be here now, sharing Christmas Day, instead of—
Oh, Mr. Mulqueen. Why did you have to climb like that? Why did you have to jump?
He flipped open his old friend’s watch, hoping to find an inscription left by his wife, years ago. Joy! There it was, faded but still legible after all this time. The last evidence of a fallen soldier’s happiness.
To My Darling Cecil, With All My Love At Christmas. Forever Yours, Lisa.
“What?” His brain knotted, then he realized he’d opened the same watch again.
But no—he hadn’t.
He checked twice, thrice, and a dozen more times to make sure. Either his mind had stuttered to a halt or Mother had just given Father the exact same watch Mr. Mulqueen’s wife had given him years ago.
What sense did that make? How could the inscription—names and all—be identical in every way? He lay back on the bed and pondered...and pondered...
The same phrase kept repeating over and over in his mind, something Mr. Mulqueen had written at the end of his letter: ...to right a wrong that has haunted me for over twenty years.
To right a wrong...twenty years...wife and son lost...twenty years...
It was like being stuck in a web of reason. Web? The shock of St. Elmo’s Fire spreading beneath him in the emporium, and the explosion that had incinerated Mr. Mulqueen and his angel. It had overpowered Edmond at the time. But now, with sleep between them, what did he really suppose had happened there in that extraordinary flash? The marble with no apparent use—dangerous? Dangerous how? Why had Mr. Mulqueen carried it with him all that time?
Time?
To right a wrong.
A vision of the circular web of St. Elmo’s Fire cast his mind back to other, similar shapes seared into his recent memory. The driver’s goggles, the car’s headlights, hurtling toward him—meant to kill him. Shocking moments.
And who was it that intervened?
He inhaled deeply, then sat upright on the edge of the bed, feeling little more than a wisp, a ghost in his own room. Then he retrieved the red tunic from behind the armoire and put it on. Far too big and heavy. But his theory intrigued him, demanded he see it through to its end.
To right a wrong.
He studied himself in the mirror, couldn’t make any headway. He picked up the watches and slinked downstairs, fog-bound, searching for a light in the mists of time.
“Edmond? Where on earth did you get that?” Mother rose to her feet.
“Someone gave it to me.”
“Who?”
“Edmond?” Father reiterated sharply. “Answer your mother.”
“I—This is important.” He slipped the tunic off and handed it to Father. “It’s about what happened yesterday. I need you to try this on, Father.”
“Why, I’ll do no such—”
“Cecil.” Mother’s piercing, worried gaze tried to penetrate Edmond, but he was too steady, too determined—this was his mystery to solve. “Our boy needs you. Try it on for him.”
“Oh, very well, but I really don’t see what all the fuss is about.” He slid both arms in, then straightened it about his shoulders. “It’s my size, at least.”
Studying his father’s soft, middle-aged face, the beginnings of wrinkles and the tiredness that never seemed to leave him, made Edmond gasp.
It’s not just your size, Father.
He imagined a further twenty years on him, a grey beard, a damaged eye, the grizzled hardness begot by long years of fighting in foreign lands. In a war that had not yet arrived.
To right a wrong that has haunted me for over twenty years.
The Harrison clock ticked away in the background. That family heirloom was Father’s most prized possession. Edmond looked at the pocket watches side by side, one in each hand.
A family heirloom?
He held his gaze on the Christmas tree—homely and true—while the first tears he’d shed in ages made Father open his arms for him. Edmond stepped into them, and hugged the old man for the longest time.

****


About the Author

Robert Appleton is an award-winning author of science fiction, steampunk, and historical fiction. Based in Lancashire, England, he has written over two dozen novels and novellas for various publishers, most recently Carina Press and Samhain Publishing. In his spare time he hikes, kayaks, and reads as many classic Victorian adventure novels as he can get his hands on.
Website:  https://robertappleton.co.uk
Twitter:  https://twitter.com/robertappleton
Blog:  https://robertbappleton.blogspot.com

***

Other titles by Robert Appleton on Smashwords:
Imperial Clock (The Steam Clock Legacy #2)
Borderline
Sunset on Ramree

Also by Robert Appleton:

Steampunk:
Prehistoric Clock (The Steam Clock Legacy #1)
The Mysterious Lady Law

Science Fiction:
Alien Safari
Sparks in Cosmic Dust
Alien Velocity
Pyro Canyon
Cyber Sparks
The Eleven Hour Fall: Complete Trilogy
The Basingstoke Chronicles
The Mythmakers (also appears in the SFR anthology Impulse Power)
Godiva in the Firing Line

***

