Project Genesis
by
Eric Endres

Smashwords Edition
Copyright © 2012 by Eric A Endres
Cover Art by Lucianna Nascimento

Smashwords Edition, License Notes

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
Acknowledgements

My love and heartfelt thanks go out to my family who supported me and my dream through the years as Project Genesis slowly materialized. Thank you, Mom and Dad, for allowing my imagination to grow as I grew. And thank you Jenni, Emily, and Scott for your love, your understanding, and your help. And thanks to all of my friends, who stood by silently and patiently as I drove them and myself crazy trying to put out a perfect product. Thank you for holding me accountable, confronting me when I needed it, and reminding me constantly that I don’t need to be perfect.

Table of Contents

Prologue
Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five
Chapter Six
Chapter Seven
Chapter Eight
Chapter Nine
Chapter Ten
Chapter Eleven
Chapter Twelve
Chapter Thirteen
Chapter Fourteen
Chapter Fifteen
Chapter Sixteen
Chapter Seventeen
Chapter Eighteen
Chapter Nineteen
Chapter Twenty
Chapter Twenty-One
Chapter Twenty-Two
Chapter Twenty-Three
Chapter Twenty-Four
Chapter Twenty-Five
Chapter Twenty-Six
Chapter Twenty-Seven
Chapter Twenty-Eight
Chapter Twenty-Nine
Chapter Thirty
Chapter Thirty-One
Chapter Thirty-Two
Chapter Thirty-Three
Chapter Thirty-Four
Chapter Thirty-Five
Chapter Thirty-Six
Chapter Thirty-Seven
Chapter Thirty-Eight
Chapter Thirty-Nine
Chapter Forty
Chapter Forty-One


Prologue
(back to Table of Contents)
 
Two men walked quickly down a long, empty hallway. The man on the left was twice the size of his companion and wore an immaculate military uniform, his blonde hair closely cropped. His huge, muscular stature and perpetual scowl kept most people at a distance, but the thin old man on his right was smiling broadly as he walked uncomfortably close alongside him.
A coffee and sweat stained lab coat hung off his sloped shoulders, and a pair of reading glasses was precariously perched on his nose. What was left of his white hair fluttered about the sides of his head, thin and wispy as spider webs. General Armstrong detested everything about the man. His sloppy appearance and eccentric demeanor always managed to put the General in an even worse mood.
A tired scowl distorted his otherwise handsome face. General Armstrong did not like this place. The sterile smell, bare white walls, and constant hum of fluorescent lights wore on his nerves. The lack of sleep didn’t help either.
The bright, artificial lighting five stories underground threw off his sense of time. He knew it had to be around four in the morning. It was an hour drive from his quarters and another half-hour to get this far into the facility. The excessive size of the complex and multiple levels of security were meant to keep anyone – or anything – from easily coming in or getting out. And considering the circumstances of his late night call he knew he wouldn’t get another chance to sleep for a while.
“You’d better not be blowing this out of proportion, Heisenberg,” warned Armstrong.
“Ooh, even though we’ve missed your face around here I would never waste your precious time unless it was worth it,” he replied in a bubbly voice despite the evidence of many sleepless nights in his baggy eyes. “This is really very fascinating, we are at quite a loss here.”
General Armstrong was anxious about seeing what the arrogant scientist was all worked up about. Though the old man always managed to impress with his creations, he also had a knack for attracting costly disasters.
They turned a corner and approached a large, round vault door sealing off the end of the hall. Heisenberg adjusted his glasses with one hand while the other played over a keypad on the wall. A panel above the keypad hissed open. The doctor took off his glasses and looked inside. A pale blue light flashed over his face.
Once the scan finished, a woman’s voice echoed, “Good morning, Doctor Heisenberg.” The steel door slowly swung open to reveal a similar long white hallway, except this one flashed brightly every few seconds as emergency lights on the ceiling issued their silent warning. It was lined with a dozen doors down each side until reaching a dead end. Men and women all in white coats – considerably cleaner than the doctor’s though looking just as haggard – rushed from one door to another.
As the pair entered, everyone else slowed to a halt, unmoving. No one spoke as all eyes unwillingly found those of the newcomers. For the span of a breath no one moved, and then a door to the left suddenly burst open, breaking the spell. A young woman rushed out and bounced off General Armstrong, falling down and sending the stack of papers she was carrying cascading across the floor.
“Sorry, I–,” she settled her glasses back on her face and looked up. When she saw who she had run into she froze; a horrified expression falling over her face. The General slowly turned her way and gave her his best scowl.
“Ah, Jenny, perfect timing,” exclaimed Doctor Heisenberg. He strolled over to her across the carpet of paper, and bent over with a grunt to pick up a fallen clipboard. “Just what I needed. Jenny, dear, would you please bring the General and me some coffee? Five sugars for me. General, how do you take yours?”
“Black,” he growled, looking forward to some caffeine.
“Yes, sir,” she breathed. Thankful for an excuse to leave, she got to her feet and ran through one of the doors in the middle of the hall, forgetting her scattered papers.
“Right this way,” said the doctor, leading Armstrong to a door at the opposite end of the hall.
The only light in this small room came from the monitor of a single computer and a wide window above it looking down into a larger room. Half a dozen scientists, squeezed together shoulder to shoulder in the room, were all casting worried looks from the window to the monitor underneath and back again. They didn’t notice the two new arrivals until General Armstrong swept several aside with one great arm to inspect the problem he was brought there for.
The remnants of a large cylindrical tank stood in the center of the room. Wires and tubes hung down from the top, and thick glass shards littered the floor beneath. The room was swamped with water and blood. The mangled remains of four researchers lay in a corner of the room.
“Where is it?” asked Armstrong, worried he may be too late.
The doctor chuckled and pointed at the console in front of them, “Look at the monitor. I’m not sure if it knows we’re watching from behind the mirror, but it has camouflaged itself anyway. However, we can still track its heat signature.”
On the monitor was a blue version of the room in front of them, but in the corner perched on top of the cooling shapes of the corpses was a small red figure.
“What exactly is going on here?” the General asked, unable to receive a full briefing until reaching his final destination; another annoying, if necessary, security requirement.
“Well, we actually have two problems,” explained Heisenberg. “The first is that A9-13 has self-activated almost one hundred hours earlier than predicted. And we certainly didn’t expect it to go rogue on us like that. What triggered it was probably our second problem. A gift from an earlier generation, I assume.
Security systems are shutting down one after another, and we’re slowly being locked out of our own network. The…experiments’…control systems are offline, and access to over-riding procedures has been blocked. We’ve lost three sectors to them already. It’s quite a pickle,” Heisenberg mused casually.
“Even in death that bastard continues to plague me,” General Armstrong slammed a fist into the desk with a resounding crack. The researchers all jumped, a terrified squeak escaping one. Doctor Heisenberg continued to smile up at the General. “What is it you’re suggesting, Heisenberg?”
“Evacuate the facility and fire it. We can manually ignite the napalm lines of the self-destruct system running through the structure.”
Armstrong’s face turned red and a vein in his neck pulsed dangerously, “Are you seriously proposing throwing decades of work out the window? That weapon down there is the future of warfare! It’s going to be the stepping stone to a whole new world order! We will not lose it!”
The doctor laughed, putting a pause on the General’s outburst. A chill ran up his spine. Armstrong hated that laugh. He hated the way it made him feel. It was just…creepy.
“We’ll just be making a little change in locale,” Heisenberg assured him. “We’ll be moving to Stage Two earlier than expected. We’ll still have all of our research.” Doctor Heisenberg motioned toward the pile of bodies, “I’m just as disappointed as you to have to destroy our baby like this, but you can see the danger in trying to control it.”
Heisenberg watched the veins in the General’s neck bulge, wondering if today something would finally pop. General Armstrong instead took a deep breath. He let his years of training and discipline take hold. Patience and ambition had gotten him this far, he would just have to wait a little longer. This was a setback, but nothing would get in the way of his plans.
“Alright, Doctor, you have your authorization. Get it done.”
“Sir, yes sir,” grinned Heisenberg. He gave an exaggerated salute then about-faced, exiting the room. The other scientists quickly took advantage of the open door and left the General to himself.
A change in locale? There were installations now even he didn’t know about? And how could they move to Stage Two early if they would have to start over, even with their research? Something about the doctor didn’t sit right with Armstrong from day one, and this flood of suspicious new information didn’t help. He would have much to say about the amount of freedom that Khentian-born “man” was granted the next time the Emperor granted him an audience.
General Armstrong looked back into the room one last time, thinking about what he was so close to having. As he turned to follow the scientists out the door the power abruptly shut off, though Armstrong didn’t even have time to curse before it returned.
He quickly noticed two things with the electricity back. The first was that even though the lights had been off in this room before, they had somehow turned on with the return of power. The second was standing in the center of the next room in front of the shattered tank, visible and staring straight up at Armstrong.
“What the h–,” was all he got out before the creature launched itself through the glass.

Stage One: The Great Escape

Chapter One
(back to Table of Contents)
 
Maya didn’t know for how long she had been running; she only knew she couldn’t stop yet. Not until she reached the water. It had to be close. She had been hearing the sounds of the tributary pouring into the old, rocky riverbed for the past few minutes. She hoped that the recent storm had not swollen the river enough to carry away the boat. She had been planning for too long, sacrificed too much, to be denied her freedom.
She followed the winding riverbed, splashing through puddles and imagining the waters that carved it ages ago. The gorge cut into the earth could have fit a small house. The footing was treacherous. The path was dark and the slick pebbles underfoot were covered by a thick layer of leaves torn from the trees the night before.
Still, she could not afford to slow. Dawn was quickly approaching and her absence would soon be noticed. She struggled to keep up her pace, holding a growing stitch at her side. Her lungs burned for oxygen, her legs for rest, her throat for water. She tried thinking about the life of freedom awaiting her instead of the pain or her eerie surroundings. The leafless limbs of trees resting precariously on the high banks of the river stretched out overhead, their shadows in the moonlight clutched at her feet.
The young girl thought about abandoning her overstuffed backpack, but she would need the supplies for her long journey. Just when she thought she could go no farther Maya finally spotted her goal. A small stream came into view, fed by a waterfall flowing over the steep bank and following the path created by its predecessor. To Maya’s relief the old row boat she had found weeks ago was still beached on the shore.
A loud crackling sound interrupted her silent jubilee. In surprise, Maya tripped over her feet and fell hard. She lay motionless in front of the boat, using the opportunity to catch her breath. After several moments she rolled over and sat up. She hooked her long, dark hair behind an ear and looked for the offending rock or branch that she stepped on to make the noise.
Instead of finding anything on the ground, she heard the sound again. Then two more bursts echoed over the bank to her right, louder now, scaring sleeping birds from their perches. She stood up and craned her neck, futilely trying to peer over the edge for the source of the noise. Then she heard distant shouting.
No! It’s too soon, thought Maya in a panic. Have pursuers been sent after her already? Maya turned back to the boat, threw her pack inside, and began to shove it into the shadowy water. Suddenly, a figure burst through the brush at the top of the waterfall. Maya hurled herself into her vessel and lay flat on her back, struggling to control her breathing. As she looked up, what she saw was not the armed pursuer she expected.
A young boy, maybe her age, stood in the moonlight at the edge of the bank panting hard. He had no clothes, but was instead covered in splatters of blood from head to toe. He looked back to the shouts behind him. More cracks sounded, bark exploded from nearby trees. He took a quick, preparatory step back then jumped.
Maya stared in wonder, watching in slow motion as the boy seemed to fly the impossible distance to the opposite bank, silhouetted against the moon. Halfway through his incredible leap, he looked back. Another crack came from closer than ever.
The boy’s head snapped back. He collided with the edge of the riverbank above Maya. His limp figure bounced off the wall and fell toward her. Maya could only watch in silent horror as the boy fell into the boat on top off her, his limp form pinning her to the bottom. Blood ran from the hole in the front of his skull. She covered her mouth with a hand to hold back a scream.
A man yelled from out of sight, “I got it! It’s in the river!”
“Get in there and make sure it’s dead!” shouted another voice.
The young girl struggled to get out from underneath the boy, but there was too much blood to get a good hold and her body was too worn out. She heard the scuffling of men climbing down to the riverbed. She knew that she had no hope of hiding or escaping. Is this the end already? Maya wondered. And then terror and exhaustion got the better of her and she passed out.
 
* * *
 
Early the next morning, the once barren riverbed was a field of activity. Spotlights illuminated what the early morning sun did not yet reach as men in military fatigues carefully combed the rocky floor of the riverbed, marking every upturned stone and misplaced leaf. They were all armed.
A tall, thin man in a plain black suit approached the soldiers. His pale skin contrasted sharply with his coat and neat, ink black hair. His features were sharp and narrow. One of the men crouching at the edge of the creek stood up and faced him, saluting.
“At ease, Lieutenant,” said the black-suited man, returning the salute, “What have you got?”
“There are no signs of the body, but we’ve found evidence that a small boat was beached on the shore recently. If it was shot and injured, as reported, then it most likely made its escape in that.”
At that point, one of the soldiers standing guard at the edge of the site listening to the conversation turned toward them and approached. He was a large man with striking blue eyes and dark brown hair. Sweat beaded his forehead from the humidity and early morning heat. He gave a sharp salute.
“Captain Perry, sir. I’m Corporal Ryan Adams. I am the one that shot the creature. It was a clean head shot. There was no way it could have survived. I was at the edge of the bank just a few seconds after I shot, too. I saw no boat, sir.”
Captain Perry opened the file he held in his hands, “Corporal Adams, I have your statement here. It says you shot from fifty paces. A head shot is quite an accomplishment in these thick woods.”
“Thank you, sir,” replied Corporal Adams, not grasping the implication.
“And after running to the scene you saw no boat. This is a pretty swift stream, don’t you think a boat would have had time to round the bend up there and continue out of sight?”
“We searched the surrounding area thoroughly, sir.”
“So you want me to ignore our physical evidence of a boat and lack of a dead body and go on your word?”
The soldier shifted on his feet, starting to feel uncomfortable under the gaze of the Captain, “I’m only saying it doesn’t make sense, sir.”
“I’ve got an idea, Corporal. How about you get back to your guard duty so I can get back to my job and track down this thing?” Captain Perry turned to leave and added, “I’ll be sure to talk to your Commanding Officer about your interrupting my investigation to defend your sloppy report. Dismissed, Corporal.”
“Aye aye, sir,” Corporal Adams replied, clenching his teeth as he returned to his post, face burning.
“Idiot,” Captain Perry muttered as he walked with the investigator in tow toward the area marked as the boat’s resting place.
“Do you think he was lying?” asked the Lieutenant keeping is eyes ahead.
“No,” sighed Perry. “He just has no idea what we’re dealing with. In fact, a shot to the head could be the reason why we can’t track it anymore. Though I’d bet my right arm he didn’t search downstream near as far as he should have.”
The investigator stopped Captain Perry before they reached the shore and instead pointed toward a flagged depression in the ground near them. “We also have another problem,” he said, motioning to a line of such flags leading off for several paces. “We may have a hostage situation. Footprints show an individual running toward the water. Small and light, maybe around their mid-teens, but we can’t tell too much working with this type of terrain.”
The Captain cursed. He thought General Armstrong had been born with a rod up his backside, but maybe that came from dealing with situations like this for so long. “Anything other than the boat and the footprints?”
“So far, no, and it doesn’t look like we’ll find much more.”
“Alright, keep your men searching the surrounding woods just in case. Send a team with your best tracker to follow the footprints back. Find out where they come from and who they belong to.”
As Captain Perry walked toward the bank to climb out, leaving his investigators to do their jobs, he whistled sharply to Corporal Adams. “Get over here, Skip. Round up your squad and meet me at my truck. We’re going to find us a boat.”
 
* * *
 
Maya lay curled on the bottom of the boat, trying not to move and or make any noise. She had awoken slowly as the clear morning sky brightened. The gentle rocking of the boat made it difficult to wake up, but she had not wanted to return to the disturbing dreams from which she had just escaped. They were too real, too terrifying. However, when she opened her eyes she was faced with a reality more incredible than any nightmare.
The boy from her dreams, the dead boy, was crouched at the stern of her small vessel, and in the morning sunlight she was able to see what was hidden in the shadows the night before. For a moment Maya thought she must still be dreaming, because there was no way something like this boy could exist.
The boy held a long tail in his hands which extended from the base of his spine as he scrubbed blood out of the short fur with river water. Maya’s eyes followed the length of his tail from his hands and traveled up his back. She finally came to rest on his head. Sticking straight up out of his thick, wild black hair were two wolf-like ears. She watched as an ear twitched when a dragonfly attempted to make a perch out of it. Maya continued to stare as he cleaned himself, trying to determine whether or not she was still dreaming.
Finished with his tail, the boy let it drop out of his hands. The prehensile appendage whipped out behind him flinging water into the boat and onto Maya. She cried out in surprise. The boy leapt to his feet and spun to face Maya. He lighted on the lip of the boat, crouched and ready to attack. Maya slowly pulled herself up and edged back.
His hazel, almost yellow, eyes burned into her. Under those fierce eyes she felt naked, her soul laid bare to his scrutiny. She couldn’t look away. Her mind felt trapped, unable to form a cogent thought. Yet on the fringes of her consciousness something caught her interest. Her eyes flicked upward once, twice, and then locked onto their target. Her curiosity and wonder were in control now. There was only one thing she wanted, one thing she had to do no matter what. Maya leaned forward and stretched out a hand toward the boy.
The boy tensed as she approached. He flexed his fingers and pulled back an arm, ready to attack. His pointed nails aiming at her middle. He tried to determine her intentions. Was this some sort of attack? The girl’s hand reached past his face. She was too close, he had to act. He couldn’t keep hesitating. He committed to the attack, to piercing the soft center of her stomach with his hand.
But his arm did not move. He was unable to feel anything but his ears as the girl’s hand found its mark. As her hands worked his mind went blank and an unknown sensation swept through him. Before he had a chance fight it the feeling doubled as Maya added her other hand, attacking both ears. Gently scratching, rubbing, petting. His legs lost their strength and he fell backwards. He was slammed back into reality when he suddenly hit the water.
“I’m sorry! I’m so sorry! I don’t know what came over me!” shouted Maya as the boy struggled to keep his head above water, gasping while he walked along the bottom of the river to shore. She reached over the side of the boat and paddled after him. The boy dragged himself through the reeds onto dry land and shook himself off while Maya beached her craft a few paces away.
The river was wide and slow here, but still nowhere near its peak as evidenced by the breadth of the banks. Green grasses thrived within the gulch carved by the ancient river, carpeting the once flooded river bed and continuing up the tall, gently sloping banks and climbing above her head. Her little boat had taken them away from the woods she had trekked through the previous night and into a wide plain as Maya slept.
Low hills on either side of the river continued until meeting dense forests on the horizon. The tall grasses covering the hills were baked dry by the past summer heat. Now the warm, early autumn breezes sporadically swept through, making the hills look like a rolling, golden sea, unbroken but for a few scattered trees.
Once satisfied that he had shaken off enough water, the boy sat down on his haunches and watched suspiciously as the girl searched through her pack. He was pretty sure the girl didn’t attack him, at least not directly. He felt more embarrassed than anything, but still kept his guard up. When she had found what she was looking for, Maya turned toward the boy and sat on the grass some distance away. She tossed a pair of old blue jeans and a plain white shirt to him.
“Sorry about surprising you,” Maya apologized. “Here, put those on, you must be cold.”
He reached in front of him and picked up the clothes, keeping his eyes on the girl. He carefully inspected them, feeling the stitches and sniffing the fabric for anything suspicious. When he failed to find anything, he reluctantly put them on. And, after a few uncomfortable moments, he reached around and tore a hole in the pants for his tail. Finally satisfied, he squat back down and returned to staring at the girl.
No matter how hard he tried he was unable to determine her objective. And, however uneasy he felt so close to a potential threat, he could not leave. When he woke up this morning the only thing with him was this girl. He flushed as he remembered waking up with her sleeping so peacefully right next to him as if it were only natural. He knew that if he was to learn anything about what happened to him she would have the answer.
“Those are real, aren’t they,” she asked after a while, interrupting his thoughts. “Your ears…and your tail, too. They’re real. Just who are you?”
The boy blinked; he couldn’t believe what he just heard. He shot to his feet. “Why are you asking me?” he blurted. “You’re the one who was in the boat with me! I’m supposed to be asking you that!”
Maya stared at him. “I just met you last night. You fell on top of me, and then the next thing I know I wake up with you in the boat.”
The boy was speechless. He was struck with disappointment and hopelessness. His hopes had been shattered so quickly. This girl was supposed to be his answer. She was his only lead. Disillusioned, he started walking, passing Maya and following the river.
“Hey, wait! Where did you come from? Who are you?” she asked, quickly grabbing her pack and following him.
 “How should I know!” he yelled, throwing up his hands.
Maya caught up to him and struggled to keep up with his fast pace, “What does that mean?”
“I don’t remember anything before last night. You’re the first person I saw. You’re supposed to have the answers!”
“Well then, where are you going? Hey!” She grabbed his shoulder, tired of talking to his back, as they entered the shade of a hardy, old tree growing at the slope of the riverbank. The boy whipped around.
“To find answers! You don’t have any, so quit following me!” He punched the tree to emphasize his point, but instead of scaring her something small and furry fell on his head. His arms flailed up, trying to protect himself from whatever was attacking him, but he missed. The assailant was already on the ground at his feet. He leapt back, ready to defend against whatever it tried.
It mewed.
“Aw! How cute!” cried Maya, reaching down to pet the tiny animal. “Look! It’s not scared of me at all!”
“Idiot, don’t touch that! You don’t even know what it is! It might be dangerous!”
“Oh come on, like this little guy could hurt anyone? He’s just a little kitten…or something.”
The little creature did resemble a cat, except for its large, leaf-shaped ears and a peculiarly long tail ending in a tuft of dark fur. Its almond eyes were completely black; a stark contrast to its pale tan fur, and a thick, dark mane grew behind its neck. Maya picked it up to examine the animal more closely, and it began to purr loudly in her arms.
“Alright, you stay here and play with your new friend,” said the boy as he turned to leave. “I’m going.”
“Wait a minute, I–”
“Shut up,” the boy interrupted immediately. He still had his back to her, but had not moved. “I smell blood.”
“I don’t smell anything, are you sure?”
He turned to silence her, and behind Maya he spotted the source of the scent. Another creature was slowly approaching them. It was a much larger version of the kit, except the mane covered its entire body. It carried a freshly slaughtered fawn in its jaws. Still a distance away from them it dropped its catch and let loose an earth-shaking roar. Maya yelped and spun around, still holding the small animal.
“Get behind me,” he whispered.
Maya didn’t argue. She ran to him, but as soon as she turned the monster charged. It covered the distance between them in the span of a breath. The boy barely had time to tackle Maya before the monster lunged. Both sprawled across the ground as the creature leapt over. It rebounded immediately and leapt again.
The boy jumped up and knocked its outstretched claws away, but the forced of its jump brought them both to the ground. He rolled to his feet, avoiding the claws and fangs of the monster beside him, and delivered a lightening swift kick to its side. His foot passed right through the beast’s middle, but caught nothing but hair. The monster swiped at him while he was still surprised. Claws raked across his chest.
The pain and danger spurred the boy on. He didn’t think, but let his instincts guide his battle. He slipped between attacks, parrying instead of blocking, stepping into his next attack instead of dodging. Wasting no energy he let his enemy expose itself and took advantage of its openings. He fought as though he was possessed, but still the monster was overpowering him.
Its speed was too great and its reach too long. No matter how much he parried or sidestepped the monster still managed to catch bits and pieces of him, his new clothes being torn to shreds and shallow wounds adding up. Attacks to its face met fangs and a flurry of dagger-like claws, and those to its body failed to hit anything but the long, thick fur.
As Maya watched the battle in apprehension from behind a tree she heard a mewling at her feet. The kitten was still with her, watching as the two savagely attacked each other. Then the reality abruptly hit her. That monster is just trying to protect its child! If she let those two continue either this kitten would lose its mother or the boy would lose his life. She had to do something before someone got hurt. Maya picked up the little animal and ran toward the fight.
“Stop! Stop fighting! Look, I have your baby, I’m giving him back!”
The boy looked at her, dumbfounded, “What are you, stupid?! Unless you want to die, stay back!”
The beast took advantage of his momentary distraction and swatted the boy to the side, sending him tumbling across the grass, and took off toward Maya. The boy sprung to his feet. He kicked off the ground and sprinted for the monster. Mad panic took over. His muscles screamed; his tendons felt like they would snap. Maya stood her ground and held the kit out before her, trusting that the creature would sense her intentions.
The beast jumped, claws outstretched and fangs bared. Maya suddenly began to doubt her actions. She stared as death reached out for her. And then there was an unexpected pop. The monster jerked to a stop in mid-air, only a breath away from Maya, and roared in pain. The boy stood behind it, panting hard and holding its tail tightly in both hands, his heels digging into the ground.
Before the monster could turn on him, he pulled and began to spin. First, the monster was just dragged across the grass, and then as he gained speed it was lifted into the air. The boy let loose a feral scream, calling for power as his wiry muscles strained. Then with a wet rip the monster’s broken tail tore off, sending it flying to the river trailing blood. It smashed into the row boat and its momentum carried it into the water.
“Wait, don’t kill it! It just wants its baby back, you can’t kill it!” cried Maya, running for him. The boy pushed her back, knocking her to the ground, as he prepared to intercept the monster’s next attack. He knew something that size would not be so easily defeated. 
Proving him correct, the monster rose to the surface. Thrashing as it climbed onto shore. With the creature’s fur weighted down by water, its true form was revealed. Its body was stretched and twisted; its spine contorting in a nature-defying S-shape. The boy now understood why his hits would never connect. With its thick fur imitating the shape of a normal body there was no way he could have guessed where to attack.
The monster roared again in pain and fury. It crouched, preparing to lunge. The monster kicked off and launched itself toward the boy, but its speed, fangs, and claws didn’t matter anymore; its defense was gone now. He deftly sidestepped the slashing attack and delivered a devastating kick to the creature’s chest, connecting cleanly.
The sickening thud of flesh against flesh and the cracking of bones echoed over the plain, and the monster was sent rolling into the reeds. The boy ignored the crying protests of Maya and walked over to where the animal had been thrown. It gasped, struggling to breath. As he approached, it bared its fangs and mustered up a weak growl, following him with its eyes. The boy silently stepped around behind it and knelt down. With one final punch to the side of the head it stopped moving.
He looked up and saw Maya still sitting where she fell. She was holding the kitten tight in her arms with her head down, silently crying. He walked away.
“Why?” she asked through her tears, stopping him.
“You threatened its child, there was no way it would have let you live. I did the only thing I could. Would you rather have sacrificed yourself for it? I’m sure you would have made a nice meal for those two.”
“So…so it’s my fault?” sniffed Maya.
“That’s right.”
“What do we do with the baby?”
“I don’t care what you do from here on. My advice is to leave it. It will either find a way to fend for itself or it will be food for another family. I told you not to touch it. I told you.” The boy left, walking toward the rising sun away from the river and all the trouble it brought.
Maya’s face burned as she gave the animal one last hug. “I’m sorry,” she whispered. “I’m sorry…” She set the kit down and walked after the boy, forcing herself not to look back as it began its peculiar, cheeping mewl. Tears streamed down her face.
Chapter Two
(back to Table of Contents)
 
Maya followed the boy from a distance, still unsure why she was following him at all. Her original plan was to let the river carry her southwest into the largest city in Tasmuarona before it emptied into the sea. It was there, in Sarcona, she would start her new life.
But now her boat was destroyed, and she didn’t know if she had packed enough supplies for that long of a hike. Besides, he was the first person she had met in this new life of hers, and something like him was just too amazing to leave behind and forget. Part of the reason she left in the first place was to find adventure.
Maya’s throat tightened as she thought back to the adventure she just had. Tears threatened to surface again. She tried to take her mind off the past.
“So…what should I call you? Do you remember your name?”
“You don’t need to call me anything. You just need to stop following me.”
They walked in silence for several more minutes before Maya spoke again.
“How about John?”
He paused and looked back at her incredulously.
“It’s a good, normal name, and I can’t keep calling you ‘you’, can I? I’m sure it must be frustrating not to have a sense of identity.”
He tried to think of an objection, but doubted she would listen to any he gave. He huffed and gave in, “Do what you want.”
“Great! My name’s Maya, nice to meet you Mr. John Doe.”
“You don’t need to add to it,” he growled. The boy took a breath, determined not to let her make a fool out of him. “What will you call your little friend there?”
Maya frowned, “Huh?”
“The furry thing from earlier caught up a little while ago.”
Maya turned around and saw something moving in the tall grass. “Oh, no…” She hurried over and confirmed her fears. The monster’s cub had followed her all this way.
“You weren’t supposed to follow us! What should we do?”
She looked up to John, but he turned away, not wanting to involve himself any more.
“You poor thing,” she said, picking it up. “You’re all alone now. You’re just like me…because of me…”
A tear fell onto the tiny animal’s mane. John looked back at them and wondered how much one little girl could cry in a day. “Well? What are you going to do with it?”
Maya sniffed and dried her eyes on a sleeve, and then looked up determinedly. “Let’s take it with us. I’m responsible for what happened back there, I should take care of it.” She smiled and lifted the little animal above her head, “First we need to think of a name for you. She’s a girl…what’s a good girl’s name, John?”
She looked to him, but he had already started walking again. Maya hurried to catch up, annoyed at how cold he could be.
“How about Sphinx?” she asked.
“Is that even a name?” he retorted.
Maya stuck her tongue out at him, “Do you have another idea?”
“Why would I care what you call it?”
“Then it’s decided! From now on your name is Sphinx!” she declared, giving the kit a big hug. Sphinx mewed her approval.
 
* * *
 
Captain Perry slowed down as he neared the wreckage of the boat. When the truck came to a stop the half-dozen soldiers crowded into the back jumped out, rifles in hand.
“Safeties off. Sweep the area and keep your eyes open. Come straight to me with anything you find,” he ordered. The soldiers jumped to task. He grabbed Corporal Adams’s collar as the young man passed and pulled him around. “You stick with me, Slick. Watch my back and pay attention, you might just learn something.”
“Aye aye, sir,” Adams replied, his ears turning red at being treated like a child needing a babysitter.
Captain Perry walked silently around the wreckage of the boat inspecting it, noting both human and animal prints in the mud. He knelt before the ruins and picked off a few long hairs from the splintered wood. He did not have long to examine them before he heard a pair of feet run up and stop behind him. Captain Perry got up and faced the soldier, “Speak.”
“There’s some kind of large, dead animal in the reeds, sir. Fresh.”
Captain Perry motioned for him to lead the way. Several soldiers were gathered around it, facing outward to keep an eye out for danger, but glancing back every now and then to the strange creature.
“Do we need this many men to guard a dead animal? Everyone but you two get back to searching the area,” he said, indicating Adams and the soldier who reported the find. He crouched down and inspected the animal, noting the bloody claws, missing tail, and crushed skull.
“Think it’s some kind of lion?” offered Adams.
“Are you some kind of idiot?” Captain Perry replied tersely as he thought. He put a hand on the animal, feeling its warmth. “They were here about two hours ago...”
The Captain studied the surrounding area, putting the pieces together, rebuilding the scene in his mind. He followed the two pairs of footprints in the soft earth and read the flattened, bloodied grass. “They pulled to shore and walked toward that tree where they were attacked by the beast. In the fight either the beast jumped or was thrown into the river, smashing the boat. After that the target knocked it down hard and delivered the finishing blow here. Then he took his hostage and went east…Get me a map,” he said to Adams, snapping his fingers. “Quickly.”
Corporal Adams ran to the truck and returned with a topographic map of the area. Perry took it and opened it, trying to determine where his target was heading. To the east of the river he saw nothing but low hills and dense woods. There wasn’t a city or town within a walkable distance anywhere.
Just when he was about to give up, something caught his eyes. What he thought was a thick grid line split into two, and one line curved away to run through several towns. Its first stop was Sarcona. He gave a sharp whistle, signaling everyone to return, and faced Adams.
“Kid, jump on the radio and get a crew over here to clean this up,” he ordered, shoving the map into Corporal Adams’s hands. “But first, find out if these tracks are still in use.”
 
* * *
 
“That’s really cool, you know.”
“What is?”
“The way you heal so quickly,” Maya told him, impressed. “You were covered in scratches from that fight, but now they’re all almost healed. It was the same that first night too, right? I wish I had powers like that.”
“It’s convenient.”
“You don’t talk much. You should think about working on your social skills.”
“Ever think maybe you talk too much?” John posited.
Maya had spent the last few hours testing John’s limited conversation abilities. Mostly he just ignored her, but sometimes he humored her patronizingly. She counted those times as victories.
She offered several possibilities for who and what he was, from extraterrestrial to mutant superhero, despite John showing little interest in her suppositions. She talked about her favorite books and movies, her unhealthy addiction to comics, and what she imagined for her future. Overall, Maya managed to talk nonstop the entire time without really saying anything at all.
“I liked you better when you were asleep,” muttered John.
Maya ignored him. “We really are alike; we should be able to talk to each other.”
“How are we similar at all?” asked John, raising an eyebrow.
“Well, you lost your past, I threw mine away, and Sphinx doesn’t have one to begin with.”
An ear twitched, “Putting aside the inclusion of the animal…what do you mean ‘you threw away your past’?”
“Listen, I know you can’t remember anything, but that might not be such a bad thing. How can you be so sure that once you rediscover your past you won’t regret it?”
“I’m not sure,” he said firmly. “But I still want to know. I don’t know what you’re running away from, but it’s better than having nothing at all.”
“You wouldn’t say that if you knew what I’ve been through,” Maya began, downcast.
“Stop right there,” John quickly held up a hand. “Before you get the wrong idea, I don’t care. I don’t want to hear, I don’t want you to unload on me. I don’t care.”
“Wow, that’s really cold.”
“I just wanted to clear up any misunderstanding.”
“Well, we’re plenty clear now. I just wish my parents were more understanding.” Maya ignored a deep sigh from John and continued, “I lived a relatively comfortable life. My father is a wealthy business owner and my mother is an heiress. They gave me everything I could ever want, except, maybe, a loving family. They bought whatever clothes and toys I wanted, sent me on luxurious trips, hired private tutors…anything to keep me out of their way.
But then I tried getting their attention. I broke expensive antiques, skipped classes, spent ridiculous amounts of money, and basically did anything I could to make them notice me. Embarrassing my dad in front of a prominent business partner, however, was apparently the last straw. After that my parents decided to send me off to a private boarding school where I couldn’t do any more harm.
That was the last straw for me too. I decided to run away and strike out on my own, for love, adventure, and danger!”
“You’re definitely off to a good start for that last one,” John said lowly.
“I know! I’m off to an awesome start!” Maya exclaimed with a sudden change in mood. “I can’t wait to see what adventures lay ahead with my new family!”
Before John could object to being called a “family”, Maya spotted railroad tracks ahead of them, bordering the start of the woodlands, and quickly changed the subject. “Hey, I wonder if these go to the city! You said you had no plans, right? Why not go with me to Sarcona? I’m sure we could find some information there on where you might have come from easier than wandering around the country aimlessly.”
John looked at Maya peculiarly, “You’re actually right about that. You may not be a complete fool after all.”
Maya smiled haughtily, ignoring the insult, “See? I’m not totally useless after all. I hope a train comes by. Maybe we’ll be able to jump on! Sarcona is probably still a long walk from here.”
“I take back what I said. You’d lose a leg trying to jump on a moving train. Now back away from the tracks, a train is coming.”
“Kill-joy,” Maya mumbled. “And how do you know a train is coming?”
“I can hear it…”
John frowned and pricked up his ears. He looked back to where they came from and saw movement in the distance. A vehicle was approaching fast.
“What’s wrong?” asked Maya. “You were right about the train, I can already hear it.”
“Something else is coming.”
John glanced down the tracks as the train rounded the corner of the forest, coming into view. He turned his back to Maya and crouched down. “Get on.”
“What?”
“Don’t argue. If you don’t want to wait to see what those guys want then be quiet and get on,” he ordered impatiently.
Maya looked to where he was indicating. Far on the horizon she saw a glint of light. Memories from the night before still fresh on her mind she hurried to John and climbed onto his back.
“Hold on Sphinx,” she said, wrapping her legs around John’s waist and hanging one arm over his shoulder while holding the kitten with the other. Maya blushed as her skirt rode up and John held onto her bare legs.
Without allowing Maya any time for mental preparation or wardrobe adjustment he took off. John sprinted at full speed along the tracks as if Maya weighed nothing. The train roared past them and the violent wind knocked John a step to the side. He sped up as the last car approached and freed an arm from Maya’s leg.
“Hang on!” he shouted.
John jumped at the train for the rail on the back of the old caboose. His aim was true, but their difference in speed and the weight on his back was too great a strain. Something popped in his arm. Several bolts holding the rail to the car broke with the force but the railing held.
His feet hit the ground and he struggled to stand as he was dragged behind the train, skiing over rocks and wooden sleepers with his bare feet. He was losing his grip. Before he completely lost hold of the railing he let go of Maya’s leg and brought his other arm around to catch the rail. Maya’s screams in his ears and her arms around his neck made concentrating difficult, and his left arm was next to useless. John struggled to pull himself and Maya over and onto the platform.
John collapsed to the floor and started freeing himself from the tangle of Maya’s arms and legs. Sphinx jumped down, coughing after being squeezed between the two. As soon as John was free he tried the door to the cabin. It was locked. He kicked it in, and then stretched out his good arm to help up Maya in a rare gesture of selflessness.
“Come on,” he said a little less brusquely than usual.
Maya took his hand, calming down a little as he led her inside. Then she hit him in the back of the head.
“You jerk!” she yelled, sending John wheeling in surprise. “What was all that earlier about losing a leg? That was a hundred times more dangerous! What if I died?”
His mouth worked but no sound came out. Maya stalked to a corner and took a seat on the floor, facing away from him. John stood where he was, staring at the girl. His hand went up and felt the back of his head where he was hit. It still stung. Bewildered, he looked to his feet at Sphinx for answers. She returned his look and mewed.
Chapter Three
(back to Table of Contents)
            
John sat at the opposite end of the car, brooding while he let his arm heal. He had saved Maya’s life and was rewarded with a slap to the back of his head. He didn’t have to save her. She should be grateful; he could have left her behind. He should have left her behind. He didn’t want that girl following him anyway. Why did he risk so much to help her? He should have known better.
He glanced to Maya who was still sitting with her arms crossed, facing away from him. He did know better. He had let himself be tricked by her amiable fool’s act. He had been the fool, letting someone get so close to him so quickly. She must be hiding something. Only someone very highly trained could have manipulated him like that. He had even dropped his guard so completely he fell victim to her surprise attack. If her objective had been to kill him he would have been dead several times over. This girl was dangerous; he had to get away.
As John continued to unravel Maya’s true identity and to decipher her objectives, the train began to slow. Maya glanced to John. With a sigh she stood up and stepped forward. John jumped to his feet.
“Listen John, I –,” she began, but John interrupted.
“Shut up.”
“Wh…what?”
“I said shut up!” the boy shouted, scaring Maya back a step. “You’re not going to fool me again! I know what you’re up to.”
“John…I don’t –”
“Stop calling me that!” He bared his teeth menacingly and backed up toward the door. “Just shut up and stay where you are. I’m leaving, and if you try to follow me I won’t hesitate to kill you.”
Maya was shocked. She struggled to find something to say.
“John, wait!” But he was already gone. Maya was left staring out the door after him.
John ran, focused on putting distance between him and the girl. He sprinted along trains in the railway yard and leapt between cars. He strained his ears, listening to every sound, both guiding him away from people and listening for signs of anyone following.
Footsteps ahead of him crunched through the gravel at the end of a train. Just as the lone yard worker turned the corner John jumped through the shadows and on top of the train, leaving the man to wonder offhandedly if he had heard anything. The boy continued running atop the trains, leaping from one to another, until the railway yard came to an end. He then turned away from the tracks and Maya, and headed into the city.
 
* * *
 
Maya was on the verge of tears. So many different emotions bombarded her at once. She was mad at herself for chasing John away; mad at John for not believing in her. But mostly she was sad and frustrated that the first friend in her new life, an amazing and mysterious boy who seemed adventure incarnate, had left hating her.
She wiped her eyes and grabbed her bag. She decided to be angry. She was not the one at fault here. He had scared her half to death with his stunt. He deserved what he got.
Well, maybe not a slap. He was trying to save her…again. But still, he was so childish overreacting like that. And he was always acting so cold toward her. Most of the time, anyway. He did slip up and do something nice every now and then.
No. She had no need for someone so dangerous and unpredictable. She could find adventure on her own. She was the main character in her story.
Maya scooped up Sphinx in her arms and walked out the door. And, once her eyes adjusted to the light, she found herself looking down the barrels of several large guns. Immediately a big pair of hands came up, covering her mouth and pinning her arms.
Sphinx jumped into the face of the nearest man, claws extended. The man cried out and fell backwards, firing a burst from his rifle. The kitten ran. A blur of tan fur darted away under the train and disappeared. Maya kicked and fought the giant man’s iron embrace, but it was futile.
A cloth covered her mouth and nose, and soon the darkness overtook her.
 
* * *
 
As the evening sun began its descent toward the horizon, John sat ten-stories high on the roof of a brick apartment building in the shade of its water tower gazing over the edge to a large park across the street. Couples walked hand-in-hand down the paved paths while being passed occasionally by lone joggers; a group of young men were gathered in a clearing tossing a disk to each other; and mothers chatted while watching their children play. The cheerful sounds and clean smells from the park rose up to John, mingling and contrasting with those of the surrounding city.
The further he penetrated into the heart of the city the more people he risked encountering, but the gradual rise of buildings provided an easy solution. By traveling across roofs John had his own private road away from inquisitive eyes. The continuous running and jumping and climbing, however, were taking its toll.
John sat, catching his breath, and realized with a rumbling from his stomach that he literally could not remember the last time he had eaten. He had to come up with a plan. He was reasonably sure that he had lost any pursuers, but he had no idea where to go from there. John tried to think about what his next actions should be and, surprisingly, the answers came easily. Strategic knowledge he could not remember learning poured out.
His immediate needs were food and shelter, and clothes to replace the torn, bloody rags he was wearing now. All easily found in the city. The problem he needed to address, the problem he came here for, was how to uncover his past. That girl was right about information being more accessible in the city, but he had no idea where to start looking, no clues to investigate, and no leads to follow. His mysterious font of knowledge was not forthcoming in regard to this.
Another rumble from his stomach prompted John to his feet. First things first, he thought. John walked to a fire escape on the side of the building facing more apartments. Clotheslines stretched between dirty windows, each bearing a few damp garments, connecting the buildings until the last few stories. As he made his way down he saw something interesting.
In the small alley between the two buildings, back away from the street, three boys were gathered. Two of them looked tough and confident. The shorter of the two was dressed mostly in black. He wore dark jeans and a leather jacket over a plain black shirt. His blonde hair was short and spiked. The other had shaggy brown hair and long sideburns, and wore the patchy beginnings of a mustache on his upper lip. He had on similar dark colored clothing including baggy blue jeans with many holes in them, a hooded pullover, and a cap.
The third was a skinnier boy with wire-rimmed glasses and brown, mousy hair. He wore khaki slacks and a T-shirt with an image John didn’t recognize. He was shoved hard into the opposite wall by the others. The skinny boy pressed his back to the wall and clutched his book bag to his chest. The more dominant looking males walked up close to him, talking and laughing. John slowly made his way down the fire escape, careful not to be seen.
“Whatcha got there, Lenny?” asked the shorter one.
“Nothing…just –” 
The taller one tore the book bag from his grip and tossed it behind him, “Well, look at that. He’s got a Mauler T-shirt. I didn’t know you liked wrestling, Lenny!”
“Um, yeah, I…” he stuttered.
The short one struggled mightily to control his laughter.
“That’s awesome, Lenny. You’re a cool guy, you know?”
 “Thanks…” Lenny shrank against the wall like he hoped to just disappear.
The short boy grabbed his shoulder roughly, still smiling, but all mirth had left his eyes. “Yeah, that’s really awesome, Lenny. Something like this probably cost you a lot, huh? How much would you say this is?”
“Um, I don’t –.”
“Ah, Lenny don’t know. He isn’t bothered with things like cash, are you Lenny?” interrupted the taller one.
“Yeah,” said his friend with a glint in his eye. “Lenny’s cool like that. That’s why I like you Lenny, and you’re always so generous.”
The two pressed closer, “You wouldn’t mind lending your pals a little cash now would you?”
Lenny looked around him despairingly, but saw no help coming. He dejectedly reached back into his pocket and pulled out a colorful fabric billfold. The shorter thug snatched it away with one hand while simultaneously burying his other fist in his victim’s stomach. Lenny doubled over, gasping, but was picked back up by the tall boy who then punched him in the face knocking away his glasses. He continued the beating while his friend walked to the side and rifled through the wallet.
John, who had just made his way to the end of the fire escape, decided that the situation had gotten as interesting as it would get. He laid his ears flat and tussled his hair, effectively hiding them, and slipped his tail down a pant leg. Silently, he made his way to the ground and approached the bullies from behind. Finished counting the money, the shorter boy looked up and saw John drawing near.
“Dude, Mike, check it out.”
His friend pushed Lenny away and turned around, “What’s this? You supposed to be some kind of hero? Looks like someone already messed you up.”
The two turned to each other and started laughing, paying John seemingly little attention as he came closer. Without warning, the one called Mike threw a fist at John’s face. John stepped easily inside the punch and hit him hard in the gut. As he fell, John spun and planted the back of his fist in the other boy’s temple. He was knocked out without a chance to fight back.
John left Mike heaving on the ground and stepped over to the other. Lenny sat up on the ground, coughing and wiping blood from his face. He watched John, unsure what to do, as John started undressing his attacker. Lenny thought it was time to sneak away as John changed into the unconscious boy’s outfit, but then remembered his stolen wallet.
John tried on the boy’s sneakers, but they were too small so he took the boots off the other hoodlum. Mike didn’t resist. John proceeded to collect the wallets of all three boys and walked in Lenny’s direction.
“Uh…thank you,” Lenny murmured, still sitting on the ground nursing a budding black eye as John neared. John looked up with a confused look on his face. “Thanks for saving me…and taking my wallet back.”
John looked at Lenny and then back to his hands. He emptied all three billfolds and pocketed the cash, then tossed the empty wallets to Lenny.
“No problem.” John walked out of the alley and onto the crowded sidewalk, disappearing into the throng as Lenny stared in confusion.
 
* * *
 
John sat on a bench in the park with two hotdogs in each hand and one sticking out of his mouth. He had spent the entire contents of one wallet at food vendors around the park. He chewed slowly, watching trees with the first bits of golden-brown on the edge of their leaves wave in the gentle breeze.
While satisfying his stomach, he returned to solving the problem of his lost memory. He could not think of where he would find the information he sought in the city even if it was here. Without any leads to go on he was completely lost. His trip here was pointless. The only thing he could think to do was to go back to the first place he remembered seeing on the river.
He could follow it upstream until he caught his own scent. Unless there was a sudden downpour he should still be able to find it. From there he could track himself back to wherever he came from if it was relatively close. That would be incredibly dangerous, however. Whatever he was running from was trouble enough to leave him covered in blood the next morning when he woke up next to Maya.
John thought back bitterly to how he had let himself be fooled. He still could not figure out who she could be or what she was after, but she was definitely someone to fear. Anyone who could take him by surprise was not a normal little girl. Though, it was odd that she would destroy her cover with such a careless mistake. At first glance she was just a naïve girl who liked to talk. He felt nothing dangerous from her all morning. Even after being hit he sensed no killing intent.
He shoved the last bit of hotdog into his mouth, thinking. There was more to this girl than he was giving her credit for. She was definitely linked to his past. It was just too convenient for her to be there with him that morning when he woke up with no memory. John kept trying to think of other solutions, but he grudgingly came to the conclusion that there was only one course to take from here. He had to get Maya back. He would be on guard this time for anything she tried. He would find her again and make her tell him everything she knew, by force if necessary. She could not have gotten too far.
As he got up and started walking back toward the tracks, the wind changed. John stopped in his tracks. He caught the scent of blood and gun powder. A quick glance around revealed no trouble. Another sniff then determined the direction of the smell. It was close, from the bushes right behind the bench on which he had been sitting. He approached slowly and knelt down.
“Sphinx?”
Under the bushes he saw the kitten lying in the dirt and licking a shallow wound on her side. When she saw John she began to mew, walking over to him to rub against his leg. A cold shiver ran down John’s spine. He scooped up Sphinx and sprinted to the rail yard, hoping he wasn’t too late.
 
* * *
 
Maya woke up slightly nauseated and with a massive headache. She was sitting upright in a chair in an unfamiliar room. She tried focusing her eyes and looked around. The only light came from the thin cracks in the venetian blinds of the window behind her.
The room was unadorned and bare but for the stained and peeling flower-patterned wallpaper. A single bed was pressed against the wall to her left and a small television sat on a desk to her right next to several large, black bags. At the other end of the short room, on either side of the only door, sat two plainly dressed men holding rifles in their laps. When she tried to stand up she realized she was restrained, her hands fastened behind her back and a large piece of utility tape stuck over her mouth.
When they saw Maya stir and begin to struggle, one held up a radio to his mouth and spoke into it with a low voice. Maya didn’t hear what he said, but moments later the door opened. A tall man wearing a black suit and carrying a briefcase entered the room. He strode over to Maya and sat down in front of her on the bed. He laced his fingers together and spoke softly.
“My name is Captain Johannes Perry of the Tasmuaronan Royal Armed Forces. I’m sorry for the rough treatment, but please believe it was necessary not only for our own safety, but for yours as well. I’m going to take off the tape over your mouth, but first I need you to promise me you won’t scream. Do you promise?”
Maya nodded her head. Captain Perry reached over and gently peeled off the tape. Once the tape was removed Maya licked her chapped lips and stretched her mouth. After a few preparatory breaths, she quickly inhaled and screamed as loud as she could.
The soldiers at the end of the room jumped and Captain Perry quickly clapped his hand over her mouth. He replaced the tape and sighed as Maya began struggling again.
“That wasn’t very nice,” he said over her muffled shouts. He got up and pulled out a package of ready-to-eat field rations from one of the large black bags at the wall. As he began preparing it he said again, “I really do mean you no harm. I know it’s hard to believe me after all you’ve been through, but I really need you to trust me.”
He put the meal inside a heat pouch and set it on the desk to warm, then opened his briefcase. He pulled out a file and opened it, showing her the first page. “Do you recognize this boy?”
Maya stopped her struggle as he showed her a picture of John, ears and all. She slowly nodded.
“I’m going to take off the tape again, and untie you. You’re not going to scream. You’re going to eat this delicious hamburger steak meal and we’re going to talk about him. Ok?”
Maya nodded again, still keeping her eyes on the photo. Captain Perry took off the tape. Maya didn’t scream so he proceeded to untie her and then picked up the meal, handing it to her along with a fork. The Captain sat quietly while he watched Maya eat. She dug in eagerly, though she thought it didn’t taste quite as delicious as the Captain promised. When she finished she set the empty plate aside and looked up at Captain Perry expectantly. He handed her a handkerchief.
“What’s this?”
“You have a little something…” he said, motioning around his mouth.
Maya quickly wiped her face. “What’s going on?” she asked sharply. “Who are you people and why am I here?”
“As I already said, we are from the Tasmuaronan Royal Armed Forces. We had to sedate you so we could get you here quietly, without raising any suspicion. I apologize for that.”
“Where is ‘here’ and if you’re from the army why do you need to sneak around?”
“You’re a sharp young woman,” he said with a smile. “Here is a small hotel in Sarcona, not far from where we found you, our temporary base of operations. We need to be discreet because we are after a very dangerous person, as I’m sure you well know. We also don’t want the public becoming aware of this boy and his comrades.”
“You’re after John? Are there more people like him?”
“John? Is that who he said he is?”
“Well, he says he doesn’t remember his name. John is what I call him.”
Captain Perry took out a pen and note pad and started writing. “And what do I call you?”
“…Maya,” she answered hesitantly.
“So you talked to him? You weren’t scared being taken hostage like that, Maya?”
“Hostage?” she repeated. “I wasn’t a hostage. In fact, he hated me following him.”
“Is that so?” Captain Perry asked, looking up. “And why would you follow such a dangerous boy? I’m sure you saw what he was capable of back by the river.”
Maya thought back to when she first met John. It seemed likes weeks ago, but she realized it hadn’t even been a full day since. “Well, he was just too cool to leave alone, you know? And he saved my life…”
“He saved you? That’s very interesting. Do you want to know what kind of person you’ve been traveling with, Maya?” Maya didn’t say anything so Captain Perry continued, “This boy escaped from a high security penitentiary yesterday. We have no record of his real name or where he comes from, but he is part of a very dangerous criminal organization known for mutilating and modifying their own bodies.
He himself has taken part in dozens of murders, including that of several government and armed forces employees during his escape.” Captain Perry took Maya’s hands gently in his and stared her in the eyes, “We’re trying to catch this seriously disturbed young man before he causes anymore harm to himself or others. Will you help us Maya?”
Maya stared wide-eyed at him, struggling to find an answer, “That can’t be right. John was…well, he wasn’t the nicest guy, but he could never do anything like that!”
“Are you sure about that, Maya? I saw what was left of the animal by the river. Don’t you think that someone capable of that is capable of killing a person?”
“But…he’s my…”
“He’s been lying to you, Maya. You’ve seen what he can do.” Captain Perry looked Maya hard in the eyes, his hands still on hers, “Please Maya, we have to stop him before he kills again. Please, will you help us?”
Maya looked at Captain Perry with tears in her eyes, “But I don’t know anything! I can’t help you. He got mad at me when I hit him and ran away right before you found me!”
“You hit him?” he asked in surprise, but before he got an answer they heard a commotion outside the door. The two guards at the door stood up with their rifles at the ready. The commotion stopped. Captain Perry stood in front of Maya and pulled a pistol out from under his jacket. He signaled a soldier to open the door. Maya tried to see what was happening, but the Captain blocked her view.
As soon as the guard touched the knob, the door burst open and the unconscious body of another soldier crashed into him. Something dashed into the room. Captain Perry opened fire and Maya saw the other guard thrown to the wall. Is it John? Maya wondered, straining to see around the Captain. Did he come back to finish her off?
The Captain’s gun was knocked away, but it didn’t seem to faze him. He lashed out at the attacker with short, quick punches while keeping his head down and covered with his fists. Maya heard the thwacks of his hits connecting. A pained, angry shout came from the attacker, and he threw a kick at the Captain’s head. Captain Perry put both arms up to block, but instead of stopping the kick he was sent flying over the bed and through the thin wall.
Maya saw the attacker for the first time. It wasn’t John. She was face to face with a tall, muscular boy. He wore black boots, camouflage pants and an open, dark green vest over a white T-shirt. His long brown hair was tied neatly back with a black string. A silver ear cuff shaped like a dragon sat atop his left ear.
His face was long and strong. He had slender brows over deep brown eyes, and a nose that looked like it had been broken more than once. He wore a big, toothy smile on his face. In his right hand Maya saw he held three short rods, each connected to another by a chain. He reached his other hand out to her.
“Your knight in shining armor has arrived, milady! Come, let us be off!”
“What?”
A stirring came from the next room. Not waiting for Captain Perry to recover, the boy reached forward and grabbed Maya around the waist. He threw the screaming girl over his shoulder and ran out the door.
Chapter Four
(back to Table of Contents)
 
The boy finally slowed as they entered an alley between several large buildings. Maya’s stomach hurt from hanging over his shoulder, and his arm was like a vice around her. She lost track of time as she was carried through the dark backstreets of Sarcona. She had stopped screaming a while ago and was now just waiting for the ride to end. This guy had a lot of stamina.
After running along the backs of countless buildings they were stopped by a tall chain-link fence that brought the maze of alleys to a dead-end. The boy pushed against one side of the fence and, grating loudly against the concrete, it slid open just enough to squeeze through. He pushed it back closed and continued walking until they met a wall of sheets and carpets strung up over the narrow passage.
“Well,” he said, breathing hard. “Here’s your stop.”
“Are you going to let me down now?” asked Maya wearily.
“Right. Sorry.”
He released Maya and let her slide down. She went to lean against a wall, but thought better of it after noting a few questionable stains. Instead she crossed her arms and sighed. This was the third time today she had been carried off by some random guy. Fate seemed to like hearing her scream. At least this guy hadn’t knocked her out or thrown her on a moving train. He seemed more stupid than dangerous. He stood around awkwardly, waiting for her to say something.
“Alright, who are you?” she asked.
His face brightened immediately and he gave her a sloppy courtier’s bow. “Nicolas is the name. Anarchist extraordinaire. Undefeated in ninety-nine fights and counting.”
He paused for a moment as if he suddenly remembered something. Nicolas ducked his head into a gap in the sheets and fished around. Maya heard struggling and muffled protests. When he pulled back his arm he was holding up a squirming young boy about half his size by the back of his shirt.
“And this guy here is my little brother, Dmitri.”
“Let me go, Nic!” cried Dmitri in a panic. “You’re gonna get me killed!”
Nicolas dropped his brother who immediately dove back into the tent. The muffled sounds of furious typing came seconds later. Maya sighed again.
“So who are you guys? And why did you bring me here?”
“We,” he said with a haughty grin, stepping closer to Maya, “are allies of justice. My brother and I go around righting wrongs and restoring truth and justice to this forsaken land. Dmitri, when he’s not playing some game or trying to steal something, is constantly monitoring the web, police scanners, and especially military communications for anything shady going on.
That’s how we found you. He’s a genius when it comes to that tech stuff. Found out that the army had captured some girl and was holding her downtown. Of course I couldn’t just sit around and do nothing. I ran straight down to where they had you and rescued you. This place here is our humble home. You should be safe here for a while.
We roll like that,” he added, trying to sound nonchalant. “Dmitri puts his brain to work down here, and I go out and get things done.”
Dmitri stalked out of the tent and sat against the wall behind Nicolas. “Thanks a lot Nic; you wiped my whole raid group. They kicked me out.”
“They’re not real people,” his brother sighed, shaking his head.
“It’s an online game! It’s real people playing through computers! How do you not understand that?”
“Whatever. Anyway, you can stay here as long as you want. We’ll protect you from those guys…um…”
“Maya, my name is Maya. And thanks for all of your…help, but I’m really just tired and confused. I think I’ll leave now if I’m free to go.”
Dmitri sprang up, “Wait! You can’t go yet! You need to tell us why the army took you!”
Nicolas put a big hand on his brother’s head and pushed his newsboy cap down over his round glasses, exposing his blond locks. “Of course you can go. The Tasmuaronan army doesn’t need reasons to kidnap an innocent young girl. I’m sure your family is worried about you.”
Maya looked at her feet, “I…I don’t really have a family to go back to…”
“Oh, I’m sorry. I didn’t know…” Nicolas stood awkwardly silent for a few moments, but when Maya didn’t make a move to leave, he said, “If you have nowhere to go, our offer still stands. You can stay here for the time being, and we won’t ask any questions. Well, Dmitri might, but you can just ignore him.”
Dmitri huffed and walked back inside. Maya shifted on her feet and continued to look down.
“I’m going to go inside and give you some time alone. This had to have been a crazy day for you,” said Nicolas gently, becoming much calmer and more understanding. “If you change your mind – if you just want a place to crash for the night – come on in. I won’t say anything.” With that, Nicolas pushed the edge of a sheet away from the wall and slipped inside.
 
* * *
 
An electric lamp lit the interior of the tent, hung from above by an extension cord that ran outside. Surge protectors pulled on the cord and split into dozens of wires and cables. Dmitri was waiting inside for him, sitting in the passenger seat of the rusted convertible that occupied almost the entire space of their shelter.
The front seats were torn and the floors littered with plastic wrappers and crumbs. All manner of computer and electronic equipment were piled in the backseat, connected by the tangles of wires spilling down from overhead. The trunk was open and the bottom was laid out with thin blankets and lumpy pillows.
Dmitri watched the screen of a laptop in front of him, the illumination reflecting from his spectacles and hiding his expression.
“You’re taking a big risk,” he said.
“I know, but we can’t risk scaring her off. Mysterious sightings, military and local authorities all worked up, and then she’s taken into custody in the middle of all this…” Nicolas exhaled and smiled excitedly, “Something big is going on and she’s part of it.”
After walking the length of the car and tossing his sectioned staff into the driver’s seat, he reached over and grabbed a few cans from the floor at Dmitri’s feet. “Hand me the hotplate, I’ll make dinner.”
“Pull the blue cord from the green surge protector,” he said, tossing Nicolas the hotplate. “I don’t want to spend all night rebuilding my grid.”
As Nicolas set to work, a line of light flashed over him. Maya timidly squeezed in between the car and the wall. Without looking up he said to her, “Soup will be ready in a few minutes if you’re hungry. We usually take turns sleeping in the trunk, but you can take it tonight. We’ll lay back the seats up here.”
“Thank you,” she mumbled.
Maya wandered to the trunk and sat on the edge of the car, unsure of what to do with herself. A few moments later Nicolas walked around to hand her a can of soup.
“We don’t have spoons or anything, so you’ll have to drink it out of the can. It isn’t too hot. Just be sure not to cut your lip.”
She took the warm can with both hands, “Thanks.”
“Just let me know if you need anything,” he smiled.
“Um, Nicolas…” Maya began, stopping him short as he walked back to Dmitri.
“Yes?”
“I heard you talking earlier…what’s going on?”
He froze for a moment, caught off guard, “What do you mean?”
She looked him in the eyes and spoke firmly, “Nicolas, I feel powerless. Like I’m just being swept along and have no control over my own life. I just want people to stop lying to me and tell me what is going on. I don’t think you’re bad guys, but I need to know who you really are. And, if you know anything about what’s happening, I need you to tell me.”
Maya kept her eyes locked on his, staring him down. Nicolas finally averted his eyes and sat next to her. After a while he looked back up with a serious look. This time it was Maya who felt uneasy.
“I told you the truth the first time. We are allies of justice fighting against a corrupt government. But,” he said, interrupting her objection, “we do have a special interest in you. Something has got everyone running around like crazy, but they took the time to kidnap you. We would like to know what they wanted from you and if you know anything about what’s going on.”
“They didn’t kidnap me. They picked me up by the trains. They said it was for my own safety.”
“They picked you up, or bound and drugged you?”
“Well, okay, they did do that…Wait, how do you know that?”
“I told you, we’ve been intercepting communications around Sarcona. You trust the guys who kidnapped you more than us?”
“You kidnapped me, too,” she stated matter-of-factly.
“Technically…sort of,” Nicolas admitted awkwardly. “But I was saving you from them. It’s different. Anyway, what did they want from you?” he asked quickly, trying to change the subject.
“They asked me about the guy I was traveling with…they said he was a killer who escaped from jail last night.”
“Last night?” Dmitri popped up behind them from the back seat, startling Maya.
Maya held a hand over her racing heart, “Yes.”
“And you were traveling from the north, right?”
“Yes. Why?”
“Last night is when everything started going crazy. My search engines are pulling up all sorts of weird things: strange sightings, bizarre killings, increased military movement. Plus, all of this is happening north of Sarcona, somewhere up there in the Moscal Highlands where I think a secret military installation is located.”
“The one where they’re supposed to be doing all that occult research and experimentation stuff?” asked Nicolas eagerly.
Dmitri rolled his eyes and nodded, “I’m pretty sure there’s a secret facility there, but I don’t think they’re playing with magic. Those are just baseless rumors. It’s more likely where they research the more unsavory weapons and tactics for use against Khent if relations finally break down into an all-out war.”
“And you think this facility is the jail Maya’s captors were talking about?”
“Yes.” Dmitri hung his laptop over the seat for Maya to see. On the screen were sketches and blurry photos of fantastic creatures and strange-looking people. Maya watched as they scrolled up the screen.
“What is this?” she asked breathlessly.
“Pictures and drawings of sightings since last night that have been posted all over the internet. These are the ones I was able to pull before those sites were shut down one after the other. Was that guy you were traveling with any of these people?”
“No…”
Dmitri sighed and closed his laptop, turning back to the front seat.
“But he did look like them,” she added.
“How do you mean?” he asked, whipping back around excitedly to face her. “Did he have horns or fangs?”
“No…he had a tail and dog ears.”
“What? Like floppy, puppy ears?”
“More like wolf ears.”
“Oh. That’s better.”
Maya nodded her agreement. Nicolas looked between the two incredulously, “He’s got a tail and animal ears? Now do you believe we’re dealing with demons here, Dmitri?”
“Nic–”
“Wait, just hear me out,” he began in a conspiratorial tone while pacing in the small tent. “This is all making sense now. Tasmuarona turns to occult arts to give them an upper hand if they go to war. They build that secret base where they can do all of their experiments out of the public eye. They finally open a hole to the underworld and lose control,” Nicolas’s voice rose dramatically, “releasing demons and who-knows-what-else! Now, they’re on the loose and the government’s going crazy trying to get them back. Maya came across one and that’s why she was kidnapped and questioned by them! Mystery solved!”
“That does make sense in an insane, delusional sort of way,” agreed Dmitri.
Nicolas stopped pacing and turned to his audience, “So, we’ve got two problems now.”
“Two?” asked Maya, listening raptly with wide eyes.
“Two. The first is what the government will do to cover this up and get them back. The second is the end of the world.”
Dmitri sighed and crawled back to the front seats. Maya sat listening eagerly while she sipped her cooling soup.
“You really think demons will take over?” she asked excitedly.
“I don’t know. Isn’t that what demons do? You met one, what was he like?”
Maya thought for a moment, remembering the morning and afternoon she spent with the dog-eared boy. “I guess you have a point. They are pretty dangerous…”
“I’m going to sleep!” announced Dmitri.
Nicolas gave Maya an apologetic look, “Sorry, Dmitri’s not exactly a people person. But he has a point. You had a long day. We can continue this tomorrow after a good night’s sleep.”
“I am pretty tired,” admitted Maya. “Thanks for everything today, Nicolas.”
“No thanks necessary ma’am,” he said, tipping an imaginary hat and turning back to the front of the car. “Sleep tight.”
“Good night,” she replied. “Good night, Dmitri.”
Dmitri grunted and gave a quick thumbs-up over the seats.
Chapter Five
(back to Table of Contents)
 
Late into the next morning John had finally found the end of Maya’s trail. Tracking her had been a much larger challenge than he had expected. After arriving at the train yard he quickly found her scent, as well as that of several men that smelled of oil and gunpowder. The trail abruptly ended, however, just outside the train yard.
They had entered a vehicle. The tire tracks smelled of country dirt and the blood of the beast John had killed. Following the vehicle’s trail through the city was slow and arduous. He drew a lot of attention conducting his search on the busy streets, and at times had to retreat into the alleys and wait for things to calm down. Other times he lost the trail completely and had to backtrack and try several different routes to find it again. The slow pace wore on John’s nerves.
A few hours and many miles later he once more caught a trace of Maya’s scent. It led to a small building with a large crowd in front of it. Instead of finding the vehicle he had tracked, he found a crowd of emergency vehicles with bright lights flashing atop them gathered at the building.
Luckily he did not have to fight his way into the building. One cursory sweep of the surrounding area revealed her track again, leading away from the building. This time only one other person was with her. John did not have any trouble following the trail this time. He was able to run again, hopefully regaining some lost ground.
John slowed his approach when Maya’s scent grew stronger, gratefully reaching the end of his hunt. His legs were finally adapting to the long runs, but he still could not replace food and rest. John climbed the fence and made his way silently over to a large, carelessly constructed tent.
Setting Sphinx down, he raised his ears and released his tail, preparing for a fight. He took a firm hold of the sheets in one hand and, after a deep breath to prepare himself, he ripped open the tent in one quick jerk.
It was empty.
 
* * *
 
Maya was woken several hours ago by Nicolas and Dmitri who offered to show her around the city and take her out for an early lunch. She gratefully accepted their hospitality. Nicolas opened the tent in front of the car and Dmitri made room for her in the back seat. What Maya had thought was a dead piece of scrap suddenly leapt to life with Nicolas behind the wheel, its outward appearance belying the power and smoothness under the hood.
He casually drove across the city, from the old brick and wood paneled buildings they lived behind, to the towering glass and steel structures in the city center. Nicolas gave a running commentary about the discrepancy in quality of life between those within the city and those living in the enormous slums outside of it, but Maya paid little attention. Instead she was captivated by the beautiful parks, huge buildings, and fashionable people. This is where she wanted to start her new life. This is where her adventure would begin.
Nicolas pointed ahead to a large, golden suspension bridge. He explained that the Dravus River cut the city in half, with most of the famous stores and buildings of Sarcona standing alongside its concrete-reinforced banks. Maya, however, already knew all of this.
Before meeting John, she had planned on letting the Dravus River carry her slowly into Sarcona. Small tributaries along it provided a fraction of the speed and power that once came from its dried origins in the mountains. The high banks that continued the entire length until it met the ocean would allow her to enter the city center unseen.
As they crossed the bridge and approached the opposite side, a gleaming glass building greeted her with a flash of light. Although not as tall as the surrounding skyscrapers, the building took up an entire city block itself. White marble sculpted its base and crown, with towering pillars encircling it. Gold traced the hundreds of windows.
To Maya, it seemed an embodiment of the grand spirit of the city. To Nicolas, the Capital Mall was greed and extravagance incarnate...but it was also a place for good, cheap food. After crossing the bridge, they stowed their ride in the underground parking lot. Nicolas slipped his sectioned-staff into his belt, and then led the way up to the food court occupying the entire second story.
“Are you sure this is ok? I’ve got a little of my own money,” wondered Maya after Dmitri paid for their burgers, fries and drinks.
Dmitri pocketed a credit card while balancing his tray in one hand, as he led the way past poster-covered pillars to an empty table. They sat at the balcony facing the glass and gold entrance overlooking the mass of people entering and leaving the mall on the first floor.
“Of course it’s ok. Yours was only seven hundred credits,” he replied, “It’s all just ones and zeros, anyway. The Bank of the Big ‘D’ can handle anything under one hundred thousand credits without raising suspicion.”
“You’re not saying you stole this, are you?” Maya asked in shock as she sat next to Nicolas.
“If you have to label it, it’s actually more like counterfeiting. I fool the register into taking electronic credits from a bank account that doesn’t exist.”
“We were talking this morning while you slept,” interjected Nicolas while Maya reeled, trying to keep her from pressing further. “Dmitri tells me that every single one of the sources from which he got that night’s info from have been shut down. There have also been a lot of ‘accidents’ in the area that the media is keeping quiet about. This information blockade has me even more intrigued.
We’ve made up our minds. We’re going to go up there and investigate this, and we want you to guide us.”
“Let me get this straight. You want me to take you to the secret military base of the armed soldiers who were chasing me. The one from where a bunch of dangerous convicts and/or monsters escaped,” confirmed Maya slowly.
“You only need to take us as far as you’re comfortable with. We need to investigate this more so that we can eventually confront it. We’ve never dealt with anything this big before. We need your help. We need you, Maya, to help prevent innocent people from being hurt; to help put an end to this corrupt, oppressive government,” he pleaded.
Maya could not believe what they were asking of her, “I can’t! I came here to start a new life, not go out and get myself killed! I’m only one ordinary girl! One ordinary, beautiful, witty girl! There’s nothing I can do!”
Nicolas smiled uncertainly, wondering if he was supposed to laugh at Maya’s less-than-humble description of herself, “Dmitri’s younger than you and he’s already on the government’s most wanted list.”
“Although they seem to be having trouble keeping my information on their website,” Dmitri bragged insinuatingly.
“Don’t say there’s nothing you can do,” his brother continued excitedly. “If your will is strong enough, nothing can stop you!”
“I don’t care!” Maya said raising her voice as she stood, turning a few heads. “I don’t want to be on Tasmuarona’s most wanted list! The government has done nothing to me. I don’t know what problems you have with them, but there’s no reason for me to get involved.”
Nicolas shot out of his seat, towering over Maya as he prepared to say something and frightening Maya a step back, but Dmitri spoke first, “Told you it would take more than your smooth talking to convince her.”
“That’s why I took her around Sarcona and showed her how unfair everything is!” He turned to Maya, speaking hotly, “If you can’t see how corrupt your government is, or if you can and you just don’t care, then maybe I don’t want anything to do with you.”
Nicolas sat down hard and began savagely devouring his food.
“Maya, there’s something I’ve wanted to ask you,” Dmitri began calmly. “We’ve told you everything about us, but we know nothing of you. Where did you come from? Why did you come here? And what about your parents?”
Still standing and giving Nicolas a disgusted look as he ate, Maya turned to Dmitri. She was about to give him a piece of her mind and make a dramatic exit, but she saw a familiar face over his shoulder. A cold shiver ran down her spine until she realized it was just a photograph.
John’s face was looking straight at her from a wanted poster on the pillar behind Dmitri. Around him Maya saw other faces: a woman with small horns on her forehead, a man with scales and eyes like a snake, and many others looking just as strange and vicious.
Maya wondered exactly who these people were. Were they really members of the horrible gang Captain Perry described? Were they demons seeking world destruction like Nicolas thought? They all looked frightening, but remembering their brief travels together Maya could not bring herself to think John was a bad person. There was something about him that she couldn’t describe. Something she couldn’t forget.
Maya sat back down and faced Dmitri who was still waiting for an answer. Thoughts spinning, she spoke quietly and solemnly, “My parents ran a small clinic in the slums at the edge of the Silver City. Most people couldn’t pay in credits, but my parents didn’t care. They accepted whatever their patients could trade. Money didn’t matter to them, they just enjoyed helping people. Everyone loved them.
We lived a meager but happy life. I loved my parents. I don’t think I could’ve had a better mother or father. Two months ago, on my birthday, I went to the clinic after school to help. I knew they were planning to throw me a surprise party, so I ran there as fast as I could.
But when I got there the clinic was destroyed. The police stopped me before I could run inside to find my parents. They told me that my dad had refused to pay a local gang’s protection fees. That gang came back, and when my parents refused again…they were killed.
So I ran away. I ran away from all the sympathetic looks, the happy memories that had become so painful, and whatever fate that awaited me at the hands of either a foster family or my parents’ murderers. I decided I would come here to the city where I’d start my new life and open my own free clinic. It’s what my parents would have wanted. I’m sure they’re watching over me right now, smiling and protecting me as I forge my own path through life.”
Maya looked up at Nicolas who was focusing intently on his empty plate, “My dad didn’t put up with bullies and thieves. He paid with his life to do what he thought was right. I think he would be very disappointed in me if I ran away from this and didn’t help you.”
Maya waited. Neither boy said anything. Nicolas kept his head down and Dmitri had his face turned away, holding the tip of his cap. Maya began to worry. Did I go too far with the story this time?
After a while Nicolas finally looked up, and Maya recoiled. His nose was dripping and his eyes were swollen and red. He stood and reached over the table, grabbing Maya’s hands before she could react.
His lip trembling, he said, “I’m sorry for those things I said. I didn’t mean any of it. You’re the bravest girl I know. And I know your dad would be proud of you. When all of this is over I’m going to hunt down those murderers and bring them to justice!”
“Thank you,” said Maya, trying to pull away. “That means a lot –”
Nicolas’s grip suddenly tightened painfully. Maya was pulled screaming over the table and thrown onto Dmitri, knocking them both to the floor. Nicolas dived on top of them just as an explosion sent razor-sharp shards of the mall’s glass wall flying over them.
Chapter Six
(back to Table of Contents)
 
Screams filled the air as the dust settled. Coughing, Nicolas rolled off of the two beneath him and shook glass off his back. Maya and Dmitri sat up and looked around in fear and confusion. Enormous crashes outside sent tremors through the building. As Dmitri checked on his brother, Maya stood and gazed over the balcony. What had once been the grand entrance of the Capital Mall was now just a gaping hole. Sirens and gunshots echoed out from beyond it.
“What’s goin–” Maya cut her question short. When she turned toward the two brothers she saw someone behind them fighting his way against the crowd and toward them. He had new clothes and had hidden his ears, but Maya recognized his face immediately. He looked as fierce and savage as the day he fought that beast, as if he were seeking blood.
Was he there to kill her or save her? Was he the cause of all this? Maya could not let him catch her until she had figured out whether or not John could be trusted. She hoped he had not seen them yet, but then their eyes met. John’s ears perked up and he made a beeline for her, pushing through the crowd.
As Nicolas gathered his bearings, he saw Maya run away from them toward the escalators on the far side of the food court.
“Where’s she going?” Dmitri yelled over the chaos.
“Go get the car!” ordered Nicolas. “I’ll get Maya!”
His little brother nodded and disappeared into the panicked rush for the exits. Nicolas looked again for Maya. She had tripped at the bottom of the escalators and was pulling herself to her feet. She fought the crowd and headed for the destroyed entrance, Nicolas noticed. He ran as fast as he could for the escalator without taking his eyes off Maya.
Before he had gotten far he was knocked aside by a black blur. A teenage boy ran past, heading for the escalator. He immediately noticed two wolf-like ears and a long, thin tail. Nicolas looked off the balcony. Maya had just made it to the exit.
“Maya, look out! The demon! He’s behind you!”
Maya ran outside. She had not heard Nicolas, but she suddenly stopped, turned to her right, and looked up. Nicolas heard her scream as he watched an enormous grey hand pick her up and pull her out of view.
He leapt over the rail to the ground floor and ran for Maya. It was happening. It was the end of the world. The demons were attacking.
 
* * *
 
John ran through the rubble after Maya. Police cruisers lined the streets at a distance, creating barriers on either side of the scene. Sirens and flashing lights filled the air. The remaining bystanders were being evacuated by the authorities who kept a healthy distance as well.
In front of him was the colossal, grotesque form of the monster. It looked humanoid, but the proportions were all wrong. It had a massive torso with short legs and long arms, and stood twice as tall as the tallest man. Thick muscles rippled under stone-grey skin. On its wide shoulders rested a large, round head with bulging eyes, no ears, and only two slits for a nose. The stubby fingers of one hand were pressed to its fanged, blood-smeared mouth as it chewed on something. In its other hand was Maya, screaming and pounding on the thick fingers wrapped around her.
“Maya!” cried John.
Maya looked down at his voice and screamed even louder. John rolled his eyes. He ran to the giant’s left side to its tree-like legs and planted his feet. He pulled his fist back and aimed for the outside of the leg, right under the knee. Thrusting with his legs, he pushed off the ground and drove his fist into its knee. His knuckles cracked. The giant’s body was hard as rock, but John got its attention.
The giant paused its chewing and looked down dumbly. It swallowed and roared. John dove out from under its foot as it tried to stomp him, and then rolled away from its empty hand next. He saw the kick coming barely in time to brace himself. He was launched across the street, crashing through a second-story window of the next building.
Paper fluttered in the air, office supplies littered the floor, and the splintered remains of a desk and a sparking computer lay beneath John. He picked himself up and shook off the dust and shattered glass. In pain and annoyance he looked at his right leg. From his thigh protruded a long shard of glass which he grasped roughly and yanked out impatiently.
The office suddenly went dark as a large hand reached through the window. John braced himself, but the hand paused. He took advantage of its split second hesitation and leapt on top of the outstretched limb. The hand jerked back and carried John outside. Under the monster’s feet was a tall boy with long hair attacking its legs and body with a pole. John hurried across the giant’s arm as it shifted its focus to the boy below.
For now, John did not question where the boy came from or who he was. He let the distraction do its work. The giant still kept its hold on Maya as it fought off the two boys. John made his way to the head while fighting the giant’s attempts to knock him off. He reached its shoulder, flexed his fingers, and plunged them into its right eye.
With a pained cry the giant began to thrash about. John lost his balance and fell to his knees, clawing at the giant’s leathery skin in an attempt to hang on. Its hand reached up and clutched John while he was off-guard, and then threw John mightily at the boy on the ground. Maya quickly followed.
The tall boy dove and twisted in the air, dodging John and catching Maya in his arms. He slid across the street on his back as John crashed hard into the asphalt, bouncing. The sound of shattering glass and crunching metal rose over the sirens and the giant’s bellowing. A beat up, rusted convertible with an unseen driver plowed through the barricade.
John managed to roll out of the way of the car just in time as it slid to a stop several strides in front of the monster. The tall boy, oblivious to almost being run over, carried Maya to the car and jumped in with her. John leapt to his feet and started for them, but was cut off by a fist slamming into the ground in front of him. The boy sped off in the car, getting away with Maya.
Another fist slammed the ground. Then another, and another. The giant continued to advance, kicking and swinging its long arms at John. He dodged, waiting for a chance to strike or escape. He leapt back again when the giant tried to stomp on him, and found himself backed against a wall. He was trapped.
John knew he shouldn’t have found himself in a situation like this. He couldn’t remember why, but he knew he was better than to let himself be caught so easily. For some reason whenever Maya was involved he got distracted. He lost his edge. That had to change.
The giant reared up and made a fist. John planted his feet, he couldn’t waste any more time. The giant threw its fist down with all its might and John thrust his hands up to catch it. Bones snapped. The concrete under John’s feet exploded.
After a moment, the giant pulled back. John dropped his arms and collapsed. The giant looked blankly at its mangled hand. Fingers were twisted and bleeding, and its wrist was frozen at an odd angle.
The giant stumbled back and began to howl in pain and rage. It went into a frenzy stomping cars and smashing the walls of nearby buildings. Thick blood poured from its eye and hand, splattering across the ground. John stirred, struggling to his feet and catching the monster’s attention. It snarled and rounded back on him, reaching for its next meal.
There was a loud explosion and the monster stopped in its tracks. Shotguns sounded down the street. Slugs hit the giant’s side and bounced off, flattened by the impact and leaving red welts and nasty bruises but little more. A line of soldiers with a black-suited man leading them kept up a continuous barrage against it. The giant rounded on the soldiers. It swept at them with its good arm as the soldiers slowly moved back, pulling it away. John took advantage of the opening and ran.
 
* * *
 
“I’d tell you ‘nice timing’, but did you have to trash the car like that?” asked Nicolas from behind the wheel, yelling over the wind.
“Just bow down and thank me for coming back to save you at all!” Dmitri countered while lounging in the passenger seat.
“Fine, but you’re not driving again until you can reach the pedals without tying blocks to them. How are you doing back there, Maya?”
Maya sat in the back seat, slumped back and gazing off into sea. After ten minutes of forcing their way through riverside traffic – earning the convertible a few more scratches and a lot of angry shouts – the trio had made their way to the side roads running along the coast in the harbor district of the city.
“There was a giant,” Maya muttered in shock. “An actual giant. And it was eating people. It tried to eat me.”
“Yeah, but you’re okay now,” Nicolas replied obliviously. “The giant is gone, you’re safe, and we’re on our way to getting to the bottom of this whole thing. That’s a good day in my books.”
“And John was there,” she continued. “He looked mad…”
“So that was your guy, huh?” concern flashed over Nicolas’s face. “I thought so. Well, you don’t have to worry about him any more either. He’s miles back there with the other demon. Trust me; we won’t ever see his ugly mug again.”
The car shook as something heavy fell into the back. 
“Maya?” Both boys looked back and found an empty seat. A black figure behind them ran off the road and toward the stacks of shipping containers on the cargo dock with Maya in his arms. Nicolas growled and slammed on the brakes, skidding to a halt on the shoulder of the road. He leapt out of the car and set off after them while Dmitri picked himself up off the floorboard.
John struggled to hold onto Maya as she kicked and screamed in his arms. She pushed away from him and slapped at his face. She was a little more trouble than he had anticipated. John thought for a brief moment that he should have anticipated that.
“Put me down! Put me down! Put me down!”
John finally gave up when he caught a finger in his eye. He slowed and went around one of the long containers where he dropped Maya roughly onto the ground. She quickly got up and approached John with a scowl.
“I am sick and tired of being carried around like a sack of laundry!” she yelled, poking John in the chest. “What do you want with me? First you run off and say you never want to see me again, and then you came after me with a giant? What’s wrong with you?”
John felt his conviction slipping away as Maya continued to berate him. In his plan she was supposed to be scared and cooperative. He was supposed to be in charge.
“Your plan to find information in the city was naïve and baseless!” He blurted. John cringed inwardly at his own weak start and decided to get more serious. “Listen, you’re going to tell me everything you know, and I’m not falling for any of your tricks this time!”
“I told you the truth the first time,” she replied angrily. “I was running away and you fell into my boat. I’m the one that deserves an explanation. In fact, we’re on our way to where I first saw you to try to figure this whole thing out.”
John cocked an eyebrow. “You’re looking for what I was running away from? Are you insane?” Footsteps were heading his way. Long strides. It was the tall boy she was with. He had to hurry this up. If she was telling the truth, than going back would be the only way to find out more about his past, but that was the last option he wanted to consider.
John looked behind him. The footsteps had stopped, but nothing was there. Something whistled through the air above him. He ducked just in time to avoid the sectioned staff swung at his head from atop the container. John jumped back from the container as the tall boy hopped down.
He leapt back again, flipping in the air over the arc of another swing. As John landed the boy took the two ends of his staff and twisted them onto the middle piece with practiced precision. He twisted the tip of the rod and three blades sprung out the end, one straight out and two to the sides, turning it into a cross-spear.
“Leave now or die, demon!”
John charged at his attacker, ducking under a spear lunge. The boy dodged his uppercut and countered with his own from the butt of his spear, gaining him distance again as John dodged. The boy kept John at bay with his spear as John kept up his assault, testing holes in his defense. His reach was too long for John to close the gap, but he was not fast enough to hit him.
John feigned to the left. When the boy lunged John dove to the right. He caught the ground with his hands and spun, trying to kick the boy’s legs out from under him. He easily hopped back, over John’s kick. John pushed off the ground and flew feet-first at the boy.
John hooked a leg over the spear, keeping the boy from defending himself with it, and threw a hard kick with his other leg to the boy’s face. However, with an impressive show of dexterity, the boy twisted under the kick. He was not, however, expecting John’s tail to follow. The end of the appendage was curled into a tight ball and caught him in the jaw, knocking him to the ground.
John landed back on the ground and prepared to go in for the finishing blow when he was slapped on the back of his head.
“Would you two cut it out?” Maya asked impatiently. “John, why don’t you just come with us?”
“What?” objected John and Nicolas together.
“Well, you have no other clues about your past, right John? And having someone involved in this like John on our side would be useful, right Nicolas?”
John tried to think of an argument against Maya.
“You want to take this thing with us?” asked Nicolas incredulously. “He just tried to kidnap you! He attacked me! For all we know he’s in league with them!”
“He’s just a little rough…and untrusting…and awkward…but I don’t think he’s a bad guy.”
“What about everything that army guy told you?”
“What? Like I would believe what someone who drugs and kidnaps me says? Listen, he might be a jerk sometimes, but John’s my friend. The first friend I made out here. He saved my life, like, ten times by now, and I’m not going on without him.”
Nicolas gaped at her. “Are you serious? How do you know you can trust him?”
Maya stood silent with her arms crossed. Nicolas shouted and began to pace angrily, trying to think.
“Fine! Fine, he can come with us,” Nicolas turned to John. “But don’t think that means I trust you. I’ll be keeping my eye on you the entire time, got it?”
He waited for John to answer, but John simply stared at him with a bored look on his face.
“Where’s Dmitri?” asked Maya.
Nicolas looked around, suddenly realizing his brother was not with them.
“Dmitri? D, where are you?”
“Nic…” Dmitri replied faintly from behind the cargo container.
Nicolas ran around to the other side. There he found his brother backed against the wall of the container by a strange furry animal.
“Nic,” whispered Dmitri. “Don’t make any loud noises or sudden moves.”
“Sphinxy!” shouted Maya.
Dmitri cringed and ducked, and Sphinx ran over to Maya and jumped in her arms.
“Aw, I missed you too, Sphinx,” she said, hugging the animal.
John stepped up beside her, “I found her in the park.”
“John, I knew you were a good guy!” cried Maya.
John tensed as she gave him a hug as well, and quickly dislodged himself from her. Dmitri got up and brushed himself off, as Nicolas rolled his eyes at all of them.
“Alright, everyone’s happy,” Nicolas said irritably, walking to the car. “Now let’s get out of here before someone finds us.”
Dmitri looked up at his brother with a surprised, questioning look on his face, “Everyone? Even him? What’s going on? What happened?”
“Just shut up before I sic the kitten on you.”
Chapter Seven
(back to Table of Contents)
 
Captain Perry sat alone in his hotel room thinking. Headquarters should have called hours ago. This was beyond the usual bureaucratic delay; they were just making him sweat. If they would only pick up the pace to begin with he wouldn’t be in this situation. If he had received the kill authorization earlier he would be on his way after the fugitives by now, instead of waiting for what was sure to be a reprimand and new orders.
The phone finally rang and it was at his ear in a flash. A familiarly creepy, bubbly voice greeted him immediately.
“Johannes! So nice to finally talk to you again.”
A shiver ran up his spine at the cold edge to the scientist’s voice, “Dr. Heisenberg, nice to hear from you again, too. I certainly wasn’t expecting a call from you personally.”
“Well, I just thought I’d take this chance to catch up with you. I hope I didn’t keep you waiting too long.”
“Not at all, sir.”
“That’s good to hear. You didn’t have to go out and kill anything else to occupy your time, did you?”
“No, sir, and I can explain about G8-12–”
“Oh, I do hope so. I seem to recall specifying I wanted it brought back alive at any cost. Were my orders not relayed clearly?”
“They were, sir, but I had to act to prevent any more civilian casualties. G8-12 made it all the way into the center of the city using the Dravus River canal.”
“Any cost, Johannes. If I wanted it dead, I could have dealt with it.”
“I understand, sir, but the civilian previously involved with A9-13 was there.”
Dr. Heisenberg’s voice shifted from criticizing to curious, “The girl who escaped from you yesterday?”
“With the help of some local anarchists, sir.”
“What about 13?”
“It was there as well, sir. When we arrived A9-13 and the anarchist were fighting G8-12. Once it dropped the girl, she was taken away by the boy while 13 continued to fight. When 13 fell I had to act to pull G8-12 away, but we couldn’t contain it, sir. Before it escaped to continue its rampage I ordered my sharpshooter to kill it.”
“You killed the poor thing just for doing what it was created for…” Dr. Heisenberg sighed. “I’m curious, though. How did you kill it? Those things were made to counter tanks.”
“A shotgun slug through the eye, sir.”
“Ah, of course,” he chuckled. “But one thing still concerns me.”
“Sir?”
“How did a rank eight defeat A9-13?”
“I can’t answer that, sir. A9-13 did do some damage first, though. It put out an eye and shattered its hand and wrist, sir.”
“What do you think happened?”
“I can’t really–”
“Guess. I want your insight on this, Johannes.”
“If I had to guess, sir…” Captain Perry began hesitantly. “I would say it was distracted by something.”
“Really…” Dr. Heisenberg trailed off into silence. Captain Perry knew better than to interrupt while the old man mused, but he did not have to wait long.
“Thank you, Johannes. I do enjoy our little chats. I want you and your boys to get a good night’s sleep and be off after A9-13 and his girlfriend in the morning.”
“Aye aye, sir.”
“Sweet dreams,” sang Dr. Heisenberg as he hung up.
Captain Perry snapped his phone shut and crossed the hall to the opposite room. When he entered all eyes turned to him and every hand went for a gun. Once they recognized him, though, the soldiers sat down and went back to work, either laboring in front of laptops or cleaning their weapons. Satisfied they were still in the state in which he had left them, the Captain motioned Corporal Adams to approach him.
“Sir, what exactly was that thing?” asked the Corporal nervously.
“That information is above your pay grade. Now act like a solider, stop fidgeting, and give me an update,” he ordered tersely.
Corporal Adams stood stiffly at attention and barked, “Sir, the targets are heading east–”
“Keep your voice down, moron,” growled Captain Perry. “I want you to report to me, not the entire neighborhood.”
“Sorry, sir,” replied Adams, looking frustrated and ashamed at making another mistake. “They’re heading east along Highway 50 in a Vaston Phoenix. Red, no plates, no top, rusty, one of its –” 
“I get the picture, Corporal.”
“Yes, sir. Sorry, sir. We put a notice out to the local authorities to report sightings to us and not to intercept. I also got the background on our anarchist. Has a police record. Nicolas Gerhardt and his younger brother Dmitri, ages–”
“Gerhardt?”
“Yes, sir. They’re Khentian. Their father is Van Gerhardt. He crossed the Vahren Barrier fifteen years ago, just before the pass was closed, and was given honorary citizenship upon being recruited by the Armed Forces. Later he was made an officer in the Royal Armed Forces Special Weapons Division. Honorably discharged five years ago, and now living outside of a small town called Westhill.”
“What about the girl?”
“Still no word from intelligence, sir.”
“Alright. Pack everyone up and prepare to move,” commanded Captain Perry, not willing to wait until morning.
“Where are we going, sir?”
“East,” answered Perry curtly, irked by the Corporal’s nonstop questioning. “We’re stopping by every town we come to and checking if they passed through. Hopefully we find someone with a memory even half as detailed as your report. We’re not going to waste time sitting around waiting for a lead. We will not let that thing get away.”
“Aye aye, sir,” Corporal Adams saluted and then turned to the room clapping his hands and shouting orders at the top of his lungs to pack up and move out.
Captain Perry walked back to his room running a hand through his hair irritably, wondering how such a scatter-brained kid got to be that good of a shot.
 
* * *
 
The sun was finally beginning to set behind them as the four sped down the road. Once out of the city all traffic vanished. The old convertible was the only car on the highways apart from intermittent freight-trucks. Nicolas kept them going at a steady pace as the road wound around high, wooded hills while Dmitri navigated from the back. After listening to Maya’s account of her travels, Dmitri was able to surmise the approximate location of John’s origins and set his older brother on the circuitous course toward the town nearest to it. 
Dmitri leaned forward from the backseat and whispered into his brother’s ear, “How do you know we can trust him?”
“We can’t,” replied Nicolas irritably, casting a glance at John gazing vacantly into the woods. Doubting those ears were just for show, Nicolas didn’t bother keeping his voice down.
“Then why is he here?”
“Because Maya trusts him, and we need her.”
“Well…why does he get to sit up front?”
“So I can keep an eye on him. Now, sit back down and navigate for me. And keep an eye out for cops, too.”
“I got it,” resigned Dmitri, returning to his seat. “There’s a highway intersection coming up right after the next town, Rowanwood. You’re going to turn left and head north. This is the last town for a while; we should rest and refuel while we can.”
“No, we’ve got enough gas. I’ll drive through the night. We’re still not very far from Sarcona, I don’t want to get caught already.”
“I’m running out of juice, though! If I don’t recharge the batteries we’ll be running blind!”
“Get a pen and write down the directions. And we’ll just have to use our eyes to watch out for police. I’m not stopping.”
“What about food?”
“That’s your fault for giving that demon all our food! You just had to see how much he could eat,” Nicolas recalled, speaking through clenched teeth.
“It was just so disgustingly awesome, I couldn’t stop! Who’d have thought he could eat all of it? You’ve got to admit it was impressive.”
“No, I don’t. I can go without a meal or two. You’ll just have to live with it.”
Dmitri moaned, “You’re always so freaking difficult when you drive.”
“Hey, give it a few years. I’m sure one day you’ll be able to reach the pedals.”
“Shut up, baldy.”
“I’m not bald, four-eyes!”
“Jock!”
“Nerd!”
“Hopl–”
“Hey! You watch your mouth! Don’t think I won’t come back there.”
Maya watched them banter back and forth as she pet Sphinx in her lap, “Do you guys always get along that well?”
Nicolas adjusted himself in his seat and muttered, “I don’t know what you’re talking about.”
“You just seem so close. Like a real family, you know?” she observed with a smile.
“Don’t make me gag.”
“I think I’m going to vomit,” Dmitri agreed.
As the road curved into denser woods the last bit of evening light was suddenly extinguished. Nicolas turned on the car’s headlights and the road straightened ahead of them.
“What in the world…” he trailed off as the sight ahead was illuminated.
Empty cars sat across the road for miles. Nicolas slowed and approached the scene, winding around the scattered, abandoned vehicles. Glass littered the asphalt, gouges scarred the cars, and some even had doors entirely ripped off. As they passed a camouflaged military transport they saw a huge wolf, dead under the wheels.
“What happened?” asked Maya in a hushed voice.
Shadows slipped through the trees and eerie howls reverberated around them. “I think we’re about to find out,” John replied.
“Crap,” Nicolas floored the pedal and darted between the cars.
John turned to Nicolas with a denigrating look on his face, “Can’t you drive any faster?”
“I’m driving as fast as I can, now just sit back and keep your demon mouth shut.”
A dark form leapt at the topless convertible toward John. He lifted his arms, keeping the creature at distance, and let its momentum carry it over the car and out the other side. “Drive faster!”
Something heavy rocked the car, and Maya and Dmitri screamed. Behind them an enormous grey wolf struggled to climb in. Snarling and showing its bloody teeth, its claws gouged the body of the convertible as it tried to hold onto the speeding car. With one hand on the wheel Nicolas grabbed his sectioned staff from his side and whipped it around over his passengers’ heads, knocking the beast off of the car.
The howling increased in fervor. Two consecutive hits from the driver’s side rocked the convertible. The backseat screamed again. Nicolas struggled to control the vehicle. Another two hits come from the opposite side, threatening to force them off the road.
“Maya! Can you drive?” Nicolas shouted.
“What? Are you serious?”
“Can you?”
“No!”
The other side was rammed again, making Maya cry out. Nicolas looked to Dmitri who was clinging to Maya’s arm and holding his laptop to his chest, and he immediately dismissed the idea. From the corner of his eye Nicolas saw John looking at him with an annoyingly serious face.
“Oh, you’ve got to be kidding me.”
“Then give me your stick,” suggested John.
“It’s not a…you’re…I…” Another jolt shook the car and interrupted Nicolas’s flustered protests. He corrected the convertible’s path and turned to John. “Fine, but if you even think of doing anything funny I’m putting this stick through your head.”
Without responding, John grabbed the wheel and, after Nicolas leapt into the back, slid into the driver’s seat. Wolves threw themselves again into the side of the convertible, threatening to knock Nicolas out. John kept the car on course, allowing Nicolas to regain his footing in time to knock back the next wave. He continued batting away the animals as John guided them out from the maze of cars and onto open road.
From his vantage point Nicolas saw the small town of Rowanwood approach from beyond the edge of the woods. More howling. Another pair of wolves came, and Nicolas swept at them again. Instead of throwing themselves at the car, however, one wolf jumped into the path of Nicolas’s staff, absorbing the full blow as the other lunged at the back wheel. It yelped as the rubber tore out of its teeth, but the damage was done. The tire ripped apart as John kept pushing the old vehicle, trying to pull away from the pack of wolves.
“John, the town’s coming up quick! Find us cover somewhere!”
At that moment, one of the creatures jumped over the side of the car into Nicolas. Dmitri shouted for his brother as Nicolas was carried over the side of the convertible. Nicolas swung his sectioned staff in a wide arc at the animal as he fell, but the attack never connected. The other end was caught firmly by John, leaving the wolf to hit the ground alone.
The steel rim threw up sparks from the asphalt while Nicolas was dragged alongside it. A lunging wolf was kicked away. Before the next attack Nicolas pulled himself onto his feet and grabbed the car door, sliding alongside the car on his boots. He hurdled over the next pouncing wolf and back into the car, landing in Dmitri’s lap.
Breathing hard, he glanced begrudgingly at John, “Thanks.”
“Do you need me to drive and fight for you, too?”
His frustrated growl mixed with the howls of the wolves. Nicolas got to his feet and off of his complaining brother. A couple of the beasts leapt onto the back at once, trying to pull themselves into the vehicle. Nicolas connected the rod pieces and released the blades, and with hacks and stabs made short work of them.
With the wolves close on their tail they approached the town. Rundown houses passed them on the sides of the highway. As they entered the small town they saw small stores clustered together along the road: a restaurant, gas station, grocery store, and several pawn shops and liquor stores. The town was as quiet and deserted as the roads outside it. Windows were broken out and doors hung open.
The only lights shone from the tallest building in sight. Distant shouts came from the three-story bank set back from the road and standing between the grocery store and a pawn shop. Gunshots rang out and a wolf at the side of the car dropped.
Nicolas dropped to his hands and knees in the back seat, cursing, “Who’s shooting at us?”
Maya pointed to the building in front of them, “There are people there! John, get us over there, they’ll help us!”
More guns fired and another howl came from the distance. The wolves scattered into the shadows, out of the glow of twilight.
“They ran away!” Maya exclaimed, relieved.
“No,” replied John. “They’re still running with us in the shadows. They’re going for those people up there.”
Nicolas unassembled his spear and shoved it in his belt. He scooped up Dmitri and Maya in each arm. “Get us as close to the door as you can, I’ll get these two inside.”
“What about John?” protested Maya, holding tight onto Sphinx.
She didn’t get an answer before the car hit the driveway and ran through the parking lot. Wolves darted out of the shadows. Men from inside the building stuck guns out of spaces in the boarded windows and opened fire. Two others shot from the open front door, yelling for the fleeing teenagers to hurry.
“Get inside!” ordered Nicolas as he jumped from the moving car to the front porch with Maya and Dmitri.
John leapt out of the driver’s seat, letting the car roll past the door and into the side lawn, and shoved everyone inside. As he reached for the knob to close the door, jaws clamped over his arm. John wrenched his arm down while bringing his other fist up into the wolf’s mouth. Its jawbone cracked in half, and John kicked the whimpering animal off into the approaching beast behind it. He fell back and slammed the door shut.
Chapter Eight
(back to Table of Contents)
 
The inside of the Rowanwood bank was dark and gloomy. Most of the first floor was an open reception area, with a narrow staircase on the front wall of the building leading to the next floor. The only light came from a handful of candles and a small fire that burned in the antique stone fireplace in the center of the north wall. The walls were paneled with the same dark wood as the floors. Worn green and gold rugs lay at the door and in front of the fire.
Other than a pair of high-backed, leather chairs at the fire there was no furniture on the entire ground floor. The desks and cabinets that had previously occupied the space had been broken up and used to reinforce the doors and windows, with the remains piled in the corner for firewood. There was someone with a weapon standing at the door and every window.
Nicolas stood before the fire talking with a small group of people, guns still in hand. Every once in a while he would jerk or bend awkwardly as if someone were poking him with a stick. John and the others had separated themselves earlier after the initial explanations and introductions. As Sphinx wandered off to explore, Maya and Dmitri sat in a secluded corner of the room  trying to get John to let them treat his wounds.
He wouldn’t let anyone near him until Maya thought to bring him a plate of grilled meat offered by the town’s people. While he devoured the food Maya was able to get close enough to find and grab his pointed, furry ears through his thick hair. With a mouthful of meat and Maya scratching his ears, John put up little resistance when Dmitri cautiously pulled John’s injured arm out of his jacket.
“This guy’s awesome!” Dmitri exclaimed quietly. “The wounds are already scabbing over. No wonder he eats so much, his metabolism must be on overdrive!”
Maya smiled proudly, “Pretty sweet, huh? You should see him in action.”
“Hold John, he’s got a tooth stuck in his arm.”
Dmitri watched John warily as he pulled out the wolf’s fang with a quick jerk. When John did not so much as blink at him, Dmitri let out a deep breath of relief.
“So what’s wrong with your brother?” Maya asked, casting Nicolas a curious glance. Dmitri shot Maya an indignant look and she quickly clarified, “I mean he keeps moving around like he really needs to use the restroom.”
“Oh. He’s hoplophobic,” Dmitri smirked. “Guns scare the crap out of him, but good luck getting him to admit it. Look, he moves every time they do. He’s keeping out of the line of fire of the rifles they’re holding.”
When Maya looked again Nicolas was shaking the hand of the man he was talking to. She quickly looked away when he turned to approach them.
“I’m surprised you were able to talk with them. In the past you would have cracked skulls to disarm them,” teased Dmitri.
Nicolas answered by putting his brother in a choke hold and tersely whispering something in his ear. Maya lowered her arm, getting tired of scratching John. As soon as she let go, John slapped her arm away and moved down the wall from Maya.
“Stop doing that!”
“Welcome back, Patches,” chuckled Nicolas.
John gave him a feral growl.
“Well, here’s the situation,” Nicolas began, taking a piece of meat and passing the plate around. “Rowanwood was attacked early yesterday morning by the wolves. Power went out, phones went dead, and the dogs went wild. They slaughtered nearly everyone. They broke through windows and thinner doors, and ran cars off the road. Anyone who tried entering or leaving the town was killed.”
“No one could call out on a handheld?” asked John unsympathetically.
“We’re not in Sarcona anymore. Almost no one outside the three major cities can afford a handheld. Apparently someone got the word out, though, since we passed that army transport back there. However, the Tasmuaronan military under-responded as usual, and now here we are.
Anyway, those who survived took shelter here in the bank and the temple. Some holed up in the old house across the street, but a few ventured out this afternoon for some reason, probably food, and were ambushed. The police station shares a wall with the bank, so the guys here grabbed some guns and opened fire. But a few wolves still made it into the house. No one survived as far as they know. And they have no idea how those at the temple are doing. It’s a few blocks away and no one’s been able to get to it.”
“I can’t believe it,” Maya said softly. “A whole town…wiped out.”
“There are at least twenty people left here in the bank, and who knows how many, if anyone, is left in the temple. The people here are pretty worried about them. They’re getting by on meat from the wolves they kill near the building, but those at the temple have already gone two days without food.”
Maya looked down at her hand to the strip of meat she had been chewing on and stood up looking green, “Excuse me, I need to find a bathroom.”
“It’s actually not that bad. Kind of like stringy steak,” said Dmitri around a mouthful of wolf. “So what do we do? We’re trapped in a town full of demons.”
“Actually, I don’t think these wolves are demons,” said Nicolas.
“What are you talking about? They showed up the day John and every other demon did. And no wolves are this organized and strategic. Remember how they attacked us?”
“Yeah, but they say that wolves have been in this area for years.” Nicolas pointed to an elderly man sitting on a chair in front of the fire, “See that guy? He keeps goats and has been having problems with wolves as long as he can remember. One they brought down yesterday he recognized. It had a bullet wound where he shot it a few weeks ago.”
“Well he’s got to be mistaken. There’s no way normal wolves could act like that. It’s not possible.”
John tossed a bone back onto the plate, “He’s right.”
“Thank you,” said Dmitri, relieved there was someone who would see reason.
“Those wolves weren’t demons. They smelled like normal animals.”
“What?” asked Dmitri in surprise.
“Told you,” Nicolas gloated.
“How do they smell normal?”
“Those animals smelled different from me and the giant in Sarcona. The scent wasn’t that of a demon.”
“Then how do you explain their intelligence? They were using teamwork and strategy,” Dmitri argued.
“They weren’t demons, but they’ve been in contact with one. It could be controlling them.”
Dmitri shook his head in disbelief, “But how?”
“When they attacked us there was always a loud howl from one just before their tactics changed,” John continued. “There could be a demon watching from somewhere and manipulating them.”
Dmitri sat back and crossed his arms, “I don’t know; that seems pretty far-fetched…”
“Not really…” thought Nicolas. “I mean, a human can teach a dog to follow certain commands, right? Maybe a demon can do the same with wolves. Besides, far-fetched is talking to a guy with a monkey tail and dog ears.”
“Point taken.”
“By the way,” Nicolas said, turning to John. “You’ve using the word demon talking about all these things. Is that really what you are?”
“I don’t remember. Demons are just what you people have been calling us,” John replied flatly. He took another stick of meat and sat back chewing on it, effectively ending the conversation.
Maya returned holding Sphinx in her arms, “What are you guys talking about?”
“Same thing,” answered Dmitri. “How to get out of a town under siege by possessed wolves.”
“You mean save the town, right? Not just escape?” she asked pointedly.
Dmitri shifted uncomfortably under her gaze.
“Maya, I don’t think there’s much we can do,” answered Nicolas. “Our best bet is to get out and call for help.”
“What?! Are you serious?” Maya exclaimed, aghast. “What about that speech in Sarcona? ‘If your will is strong enough, nothing can stop you,’” she repeated in a pompous, mocking voice trying to imitate Nicolas.
 “Maya, that–”
“Do you all feel that way?” she asked.
“You really want to kill all of those wolves?” asked John, sitting up and joining the conversation. “Maybe they have families they’re just trying to provide for.”
“Well…I…I don’t want to…” she stuttered, caught off guard.
John raised an eyebrow slightly, waiting for her answer.
Maya replied to his haughty attitude by narrowing her own eyes angrily, “They’re killing everyone in this town. Of course I don’t want to kill of all the wolves, but the people here are more important.”
Seemingly satisfied, John leaned back against the wall and closed his eyes without responding.
“You know,” Dmitri started slowly. “We don’t have to kill them all. Just the one controlling them. Right, John?”
“Probably,” he replied noncommittally, not looking up.
“How would we know which one is the demon?” asked Nicolas.
“John could sniff it out.”
That got John’s attention. “Who can? This is your party, not mine.”
“How can you be so heartless?” exclaimed Maya in frustration.
“I’m not putting my life on the line for anyone.”
“You’re a coward!”
“I’m a pragmatist.”
“They could all die if we don’t do something!”
“Better them than me.”
“You saved me, why can’t you help them?”
“I saved you because I need you. I have nothing to do with these people. If they’re not strong enough to protect themselves, then I say we let nature take its course.”
Shocked at his callousness, Maya looked to the two brothers for help. They only shrugged. With a huff she turned to John and gave him an ultimatum through clenched teeth, “Fine! Then I’ll stay here and help them. You can just go on alone!”
“What are you talking about?” growled John. “I need you to take me to where I fell, remember?”.
“Well, you’ll just have to find it without me.”
John shot to his feet, “How about I just drag you there!”
“You can drag me wherever you want, I won’t take you back to that place,” she told him smugly.
John turned to the wall in irritation. Placing one hand on the wall and the other on his forehead, John tried to think of a way around her stubbornness. Nothing came to mind. Aggravated that he could not think of anything, John flexed his muscles, dragging his claws down the wall’s wooden paneling leaving long gouges.
“What?” he snapped impatiently.
Someone behind them jumped in fright. Maya and the boys turned around to find a middle-aged woman had silently approached them. She was a slight woman with graying auburn hair falling out of a disheveled bun, and dark bags under her eyes.
“I’m sorry,” she began timidly. “I didn’t mean to interrupt.”
“Oh, no, we were just playing around.” Maya forced a laugh. “Oh! And thanks for the food, it was…nice. It was you that brought it earlier, right?”
“Yes,” she said with an empty smile. She looked at them hesitantly, and then blurted, “My name is Emma, by the way.”
“I’m Maya, nice to meet you.”
“Nicolas.”
“Dmitri.”
John remained silent so Maya spoke for him, “He’s John, but don’t pay him too much attention. He’s not important.”
Emma looked uncertainly at the motley group. They returned the stare, waiting for her to say something. “I…I wanted to say I’m sorry you kids had to get involved in this…”
“I hardly think you have anything to apologize for,” Nicolas assured her.
Emma began tearing up, “I know…it’s just not fair…that you children…”
Maya rushed to Emma’s side, while the boys looked away uncomfortably.
“Ms. Emma,” fretted Maya. “Ms. Emma don’t cry. No one else is going to die here, ok? We’re going to get out.”
“No, we’re not,” she began sobbing. “Those things are going to kill us, just like they killed my family. They killed Harry…they killed my girls…”
The woman dropped to her knees and wept uncontrollably into Maya. Unable to think of anything to say to console Emma, Maya simply held her. After a few minutes Emma managed to control her tears enough to speak. She grabbed Maya’s shirt and pulled her close, prompting John to take a step forward defensively.
“Please! We’ve been waiting so long for someone to come save us. You are the only ones who have managed to make it into town, there has to be something you can do! No one wanted to say anything since you’re just kids. I know it’s not fair to ask you, but just I know…I know you’ve been sent here to save us!”
Emma broke down into tears again in Maya’s arms. Around them, everyone else in the bank sat in silence with their heads held down, looking as sullen and disheartened as Emma. Maya looked at Nicolas and Dmitri, and both nodded their agreement. Then she looked to John. He growled and turned away, looking annoyed. Maya took that as a yes.
“Don’t worry,” she whispered to Emma. “We’ll get you out of here.”
Chapter Nine
(back to Table of Contents)
 
Dmitri and Nicolas spent that night developing a plan with the help of the townsfolk and, reluctantly, John. The sky had started to lighten with morning by the time they were able to come up with something that John or Dmitri could not pick apart and dismiss. Afterwards they were ushered to bed. Nicolas offered several times to take a shift standing watch, but no one would hear any of it. The people of Rowanwood already felt guilty enough asking a bunch of kids to risk their lives for them.
Nobody got much sleep that night, watch shift or not. Hidden in the dark around the building, wolves kept up a constant revelry. Howls pervaded their dreams and gunshots rang intermittently through the night, waking them every few minutes and not giving anyone more than half an hour of sleep at a time. Finally, the sun emerged from behind the surrounding forests of Rowanwood, bringing an end to their difficult night.
Morning was not much better, especially for Nicolas. Everyone strong enough to hold a gun was given one. They had a plan to save their town. It was a war against nature. Humanity’s last stand in this small corner of Tasmuarona. They were prepared to give everything to win.
John stood in the hallway outside the main room, watching all of the action. He was still extremely suspicious of Emma, the town, and the entire situation. If he were part of this small community, no amount of despair would make him even consider a young, inexperienced crew like theirs an option. All around him everyone busied themselves preparing to defend their home. He still wondered whether it would be easier to leave behind the stubborn girl and search on his own.
A large man with a double-barrel shotgun approached John with a wide smile. He put a big hand on John’s shoulder and asked jovially, “Ready for the hunt?” His thick mustache shook as he chuckled.
“Hands off,” John snarled, resisting the urge to remove the man’s hand from his arm.
The big man stopped laughing and quickly removed his hand, “Sorry, you just looked a little nervous. Don’t worry, we won’t let those beasts anywhere near you.”
“Thank you. You’ve put my quaking heart at ease,” John said dryly.
“You’re welcome,” he chortled. “It’s John, right? I’m Hank, Rowanwood town marshal. We didn’t get to talk much last night. I just want to say how much we all appreciate what you kids are doin’ for us.”
“You should. We’re going to be putting our lives on the line to clean up your mess.”
“I know,” he said, becoming more serious. “I know, and I’m sorry you’re in this position. Just know that we’ll do our part, and we won’t let anythin’ happen to you or your friends.”
“They’re not my frie–,” John was cut off when Maya grabbed the collar of his jacket from behind and jerked him back. She dragged John away, apologizing to Hank.
“You had better be behaving yourself,” she hissed. “I know you don’t want to be here, but you don’t need to make everyone else suffer.”
“Right, forcing people to fight to the death for strangers is alright, but making those strangers feel uncomfortable…that’s just wrong.”
“Hey, you don’t have to be so sarcastic,” Maya huffed. “You know, you’re just being selfish.”
“Selfish?” repeated John, taken aback. “I’m being selfish? You’re the selfish one here! You couldn’t care less about this town! You just want to do whatever makes you feel good about yourself!”
Before Maya could reply, Nicolas walked up with his sectioned-staff in hand, “Ladies? We’re about to get started.”
At the door, everyone not keeping watch at a post was gathered, talking quietly and nervously checking their weapons. Hank had joined them and was engaged in conversation with a young, pretty girl about Nicolas’s age. She was tall with long, brunette hair flowing from under a herdsman hat down to her waist.
Nicolas bent over and whispered into his brother’s ear, “Dude, where did she come from? Was she here last night?”
Dmitri rolled his eyes and walked into the crowd, “Is everybody ready?”
There was a murmur of agreement.
“I’m sure you all don’t need any big speech so I’ll keep this nice and simple, I just have one thing to say: that’s my friend and my brother about to go out there into the wolves den, as it were. Let’s keep those animals off of them, and show them exactly whose town this is.”
“Yeah!” shouted Hank in gung-ho enthusiasm, racking his shotgun. There was a round of applause and shouting and whistling. People took turns clapping Dmitri on the shoulder and promising to protect his friends.
Nicolas wandered over to the young woman who was now smiling and clapping for his brother, “He’s got a way with words, doesn’t he?”
“He sure does. You’re his brother?”
“I am. I taught him everything he knows. My name’s Nicolas,” he said, extending a hand.
“Beth, nice to meet you.” She grabbed his hand with unexpected strength and shook it firmly.
“Beth. Where have you been all this time? I’m sure I would have noticed if you had been around last night.”
She gave a small laugh at his attempt to flirt with her, trying hard to resist rolling her eyes, “I was on watch at the third floor windows most of the night. I saw you guys coming in. Those were some nice moves out there.”
“That? That was nothing. Just wait and see what I do to those wolves out there today.”
“I’m sure it will be something.”
“But you know,” he said with a low voice, putting on his most charming smile. “I will be going up against a pack of demonic smart-wolves. There are no guarantees I’m coming back alive. You think I could get a kiss for good luck?”
“How about we wait to see if you come back first?” She patted him on the cheek with a smile and walked back to the crowd.
“Well, what if I don’t come back?” Nicolas stammered after her. When she disappeared behind Hank’s wide girth Nicolas sighed and went looking for the others. He didn’t get far before someone grabbed his arm and pulled him aside.
“Ms. Emma?” he said in surprise when he realized who had grabbed him.
“Nicolas, there’s a problem,” she told him, close to tears again.
“What problem?”
“We didn’t see it last night in the dark, but it appears the wolves got to your car. You can see it through the east windows.”
Emma took him to the far wall and handed him a pair of binoculars. He felt sick seeing his car for the first time since last night. That jerk had let the car roll across the entire lawn and right into the next building after jumping out last night. Upon closer inspection he found the damage Emma had talked about. The wolves had torn the other three wheels apart under cover of night. Things were just getting worse and worse.
Nicolas sighed, “Thanks, Emma. Don’t worry about it. I’ll tell the others, and we’ll revise our plan.”
Nicolas slipped back into the crowd in search of Dmitri. Everyone was still milling around, waiting for someone to tell them what to do. Looking over everybody’s heads for his brother, Nicolas bumped hard into the one person he was trying to avoid.
“I hope you’re not going blind right before we head out there,” snapped John, brushing himself off. The constant contact with people after having been dragged into the crowd by Maya was wearing on his nerves.
“Out of my way, demon, we have problems.”
“What problems?”
“Why are you suddenly interested? You really are a coward, aren’t you,” Nicolas scoffed.
John did not reply. He just looked up at Nicolas with his yellow eyes.
Nicolas exhaled irritably, “The wolves chewed off the tires. We have to find another way to get Dmitri’s junk inside.”
“It will still run without tires, won’t it? We’re not going far. We just need to get it around back to the garage,” reminded John condescendingly. “Though, that is a pretty messed up piece of junk you have. I may be asking too much.”
Nicolas stared at John. Was the demon just trying to get a rise out of him? John was not the type of guy to take chances just to mess with him. The demon must actually think they still had a chance, and Nicolas definitely knew his car would not be stopped by a little thing like having no tires.
Dmitri pushed his way through to them, slightly out of breath, “I’ve been looking everywhere for you two. Are you ready to go yet?”
Nicolas kept his eyes on John. He was not going to let that demon make a fool out of him, “Yeah, we’re good.”
“Alright, let’s get going.”
With Hank’s help, Dmitri got everyone organized and sent them to their posts. Dmitri set John up with one of the few radios they had found in the police station, then he had those posted upstairs check in through their own radios and let him know when they were ready.
Hank offered the boys rifles. Nicolas emphatically refused, launching into a monologue on the dangers of firearms, while John simply said it would only slow him down.
“You guys ready?” Dmitri asked Nicolas and John.
“Yeah.”
“Of course.”
“Alright,” he said into the radio, “We’re starting in three…two…one…now!”
John and Nicolas exploded out the door and ran for the convertible. Nicolas barely kept up with John’s sprint, but his long strides kept them neck and neck until, seconds later, they reached the battered car. John vaulted into the driver’s seat and started the vehicle while Nicolas pushed it from the front.
The car quickly shed the remains of the tires and the rims dug into the earth. After backing away off the wall John put the car into drive and aimed for the alley between the two buildings. Nicolas ran around behind and pushed the car, and once it gained traction on the lawn he jumped onto the trunk for the ride.
“Where are the wolves?” Nicolas asked. He had expected to be fighting them off the entire way, but not a hair was to be seen.
“I don’t know. They’re close, but they aren’t attacking,” said John.
A few shots rang out from the other side of the building. Nicolas stood up and looked for any sign of an impending attack, but saw nothing. Soon the convertible was pulling onto a gravel driveway and into the narrow garage where Hank was waiting. Once they were inside Hank pulled down the door.
“Where are your tires?”
“Eaten,” replied Nicolas. “Where are the wolves?”
“Everywhere. Nowhere. Got reports from upstairs of glimpses of them outside rifle range. They’re surrounding us, but they’re keeping their distance and staying hidden for the most part,” Hank told them.
Dmitri burst through the door to the police station’s garage and made his way to the car. He popped the trunk open, climbed up, and dug through its contents.
“Don’t ask,” he said hastily, cutting Nicolas off just when he opened his mouth to speak. “I don’t know what’s going on, but it doesn’t change anything…probably.”
Dmitri jumped down with an armful of electronics and hurried back inside without another word.
Nicolas turned to Hank after watching Dmitri leave, “So, there don’t happen to be any spare tires in here, are there?”
“Sorry, Nic. We kept the spare in the patrol car. Dieter, my deputy, took it when he responded to the first calls for help,” he said morosely. “Haven’t heard anything from him since…have to assume the worst.”
“I’m sorry, Hank.”
Hank forced a toothy grin and clapped Nicolas hard on the shoulder, knocking him forward a step, “But we’re going to get those beasts back, right?”
Nicolas smiled back. “Yes, we are.”
Inside, Dmitri isolated himself in a back room with his work. Nicolas tried looking for Beth again, but when he couldn’t find her after some time he settled for playing cards with Maya, while John brooded in a corner. When lunch came Dmitri refused food, and when Maya came to offer him a snack he didn’t even acknowledge her existence – until she wandered too close to the cluttered pile of wires and electronics. Then he shooed her away angrily and locked the door.
Several hours later Dmitri emerged with a small, stripped computer wired loosely to a short tube.
“What in the world is that?” asked Nicolas.
“This is your demon finder,” said Dmitri.
“It looks like crap.”
“Sorry I didn’t have time to take it to a shop and machine it for you,” Dmitri sniped back. He held up the tube end of the device, “Now, all you do to work it is press the return key on the keypad to turn on this microphone, hold it in the direction of the howl you think is directing the wolves, and then hit return again to turn it off. It should be able to identify the howl on its own after recording a few times. When it does, it will be able to guide you straight to the demon.”
“Sounds complicated.”
“It’s not. Now all you have to do is drive around and keep ahead of the wolves while using this thing to single out the demon.”
“About that…the car’s a no go.”
“What? I thought we had a spare!”
“We just have the one.”
“We need more?” Dmitri asked despairingly, slumping his shoulders.
“Seems the wolves stripped the other three last night.”
Dmitri was lost for words. This ruined all their plans.
“Hey, don’t worry D. I’ve got a plan.”
“You have a plan?”
“Don’t sound so surprised,” Nicolas frowned. “I’ve been talking to Hank. There’s an auto shop just a few blocks from here next to the temple. We can go up there, get our tires, and check on the people in the temple while we’re at it.”
“And what about the pack of demon-guided murder hounds?”
“John and I are confident we can take them. And we’ve got your thing. If we happen to come across the demon we’ll take it out too.”
Dmitri sighed, “It just seems ridiculously risky to me.”
“Well, the thing is, D, I don’t think we have a lot of options.”
“Don’t worry, Dmitri, it won’t just be the two of them. I’m going too.”
Nicolas turned around and saw Beth approach behind them. She was carrying a rifle and wearing a holster with two pistols.
Nicolas raised an eyebrow, “Do what?”
“Now hold on there, Beth…” said Hank.
“Neither of them will take a gun, Daddy,” Beth argued. “I’m sure they can handle themselves in close-range, but they need someone out there covering their backs.”
“Daddy?” repeated Nicolas in shock.
“You’re right, someone should go with them,” Hank agreed.
“She’s what?”
“I’m going with you boys,” he announced.
“You’re what?” Nicolas asked again dumbly.
“Daddy!” cried Beth angrily.
“I’m not letting you go out there with those things. Stay and protect everyone here.”
“I’m faster and a better shot than you, and you know it. I should be the one going out there.”
“I know baby, but…”
“If that’s true,” Dmitri began reluctantly, “she will have a higher probability of surviving than you.”
“Dmitri!” cried Nicolas. He looked at Hank, waiting for his rebuttal. Hank sat in silence, gripping his gun and staring hard at Beth. She met his gaze without blinking.
“Fine,” he said with a sigh. “When you’re right, you’re right. Just promise me you’ll come back.”
“Don’t worry Daddy, I’ll be back.”
“What?!” Nicolas exclaimed. “Just like that you’re going to let your daughter go out and risk her life with us?”
“If you fail we’re all dead,” shrugged Hank solemnly.
“John, you can’t be okay with this.”
“The more people we have, the better our chances,” John replied flatly.
Nicolas shook his head quietly, looking around at everyone as if seeing them for the first time, “I can’t believe this.”
“Don’t worry,” grinned Beth. “I won’t emasculate you too much.”
Chapter Ten
(back to Table of Contents)
 
After solemn prayers and good luck wishes from the townsfolk, John, Nicolas, and Beth cautiously left the bank from the garage under their watchful eyes. Emma had given John a package of roasted wolf meat to take to the survivors at the temple – if there were any – and Hank gave his daughter his shotgun and a crushing hug.
Beth took the lead, taking them quickly across the street behind the bank straight for the temple, cutting between buildings and through yards when they could to take off precious seconds. All around them were the scenes of a once happy community gone to ruin. Old vehicles forced off the road sat empty. Quaint houses were eerily quiet, the doors and windows broken out. And the smell of blood and offal permeated the air.
Out of sight, John heard the wolves running parallel to them on the other side of buildings along alleys, slowly closing in. The soft steps of the wolves’ pads and the clicking of their claws on the asphalt were audible even to Nicolas and Beth. Beth took them off the street and down a path between a couple of houses.
A deep howl resounded over the buildings. Nicolas paused and fumbled between his staff and the device Dmitri crafted for them. Once he had the gadget in hand he turned it on and aimed the microphone. The howl came again, followed by the barking replies of the wolves.
“Hey, I think it’s got it!” Nicolas exclaimed, happily surprised. “Straight ahead!”
“I’m ready,” said Beth, racking the shotgun and starting their run again.
“You know, I don’t think there’s anything less attractive than a girl with a gun,” muttered Nicolas as he jogged beside her.
Beth smiled, “Are you intimidated?”
“No, but wouldn’t you feel more comfortable with a blade or something? I mean, all those guns have to be pretty heavy.”
“Are you offering to carry one for me?” she asked.
Nicolas hesitated for a moment, “No…”
“Go ahead and shut up now,” said John impatiently. “They’re closing in.”
Nicolas stowed the microphone in his belt and grabbed his sectioned-staff, and Beth settled her father’s shotgun into her shoulder. They exited the alley and came to a wide intersection where two groups of wolves were waiting for them on either side. The wolves charged. Beth took out the lead wolves with the shotgun, and then slung it over her back in exchange for her rifle.
Without slowing their pace, Nicolas and John stayed at Beth’s sides, keeping the wolves from coming too close as she dropped the incoming beasts from a distance. Nicolas brought his staff down hard, breaking bones and rupturing organs, while John swiftly dispatched his share with precision strikes and thrusts of his clawed hands, his animal strength as effective as Nicolas’s pole.
“Don’t slow down!” ordered Beth. “The temple is just ahead!”
She led them around the next corner and the dome of the temple came into view. The stone building sat back behind a small, green yard and rose above the simple one-story shops around it. Its stained glass windows sparkled in the afternoon sunlight. An open balcony looked over the town from the temple above its doors.
With fists, steel, and lead, the three forced a hole through the wolves and made their way to the temple.
“Get the doors!” Beth shouted, shouldering her empty rifle in favor of her pistols.
The wolves split up as the group reached the steps to the temple. Nicolas took the opportunity to go for the doors behind them. The thick oak doors were marred by deep claw marks. He grabbed one of the handles of the double doors and tugged hard. It didn’t budge.
“It’s not opening!” he yelled, pounding on the door. “Hey! Let us in! We’re here to help!”
“Idiot!” cried Beth, but before she could expound the deep howl came again, closer than ever.
The remaining wolves regrouped and renewed their attack. All but two went straight for John. He managed to dance around several, killing one in the process, but the flurry of teeth and fur was too much for him to keep up with. As he punched at one, another used the chance to bite his arm. Then another two took his legs, clamping down on his left shin and right thigh. A fourth leapt in and bit into John’s other shoulder, knocking him to the ground.
Beth had been taking shots at the other two, which were jumping and dodging in an pattern dance she could not predict. Her bullets only managed to graze the beasts a few times as they slowly worked their way closer. Once John was subdued they made their move. The wolves stopped trying to evade and sprinted straight for Beth. She leveled her pistols and fired, taking out the lead wolf, but the second jumped over its fallen comrade at Beth.
It was too close for her to bring her pistols up. The wolf was already over her guns. She closed her eyes as it snapped its jaws, sinking its fangs into flesh. Nicolas screamed. When Beth opened her eyes she saw Nicolas standing in front of her, with the wolf’s jaws around his right shoulder and the tip of his spear in the wolf’s gut.
Beth did not need time to think. She brought one pistol up into the wolf’s belly and pointed the other at the wolf on John’s shoulder and fired. One side suddenly free, John rolled over to the wolf on his other arm and bit its neck, taking out a chunk of flesh and fur. Another deep howl echoed around them, disturbingly close, and the remaining wolves ran. The one John bit did not get far before it collapsed in a pool of its own blood. Beth took aim at the other two and pulled the triggers. She was out of bullets.
“Never shoot that close to my face again,” Nicolas panted, eyes still wide.
John stood up and brushed himself off. Something sharp poked him in the leg. He reached into his pocket and fished out pieces of his shattered radio.
“We’ve lost communication,” he said to no one in particular.
Nicolas rotated his shoulder and flexed his arm, testing it, happy to find nothing was broken. “Come on,” he said. “We’re not getting in here, let’s get the tires and go back. We can return after killing the demon.”
Beth grabbed the right-side door and pulled, opening it easily. Sighing, she pointed at a small sign above the handle of the left door reading ‘This Door Kept Locked’.
Nicolas closed his eyes and sighed to himself, “Idiot…”
Stepping lightly across the foyer, the three paused for a moment’s rest as Beth reloaded her guns. Passing the restrooms and stepping through the interior doors to the temple, their worst fears were instantly recognized. Inside was a house of death. Ripped bodies littered the long hall of the temple, lying down the aisle and between the rows of pews. Still drying pools of blood covered most of the floor, with red paw prints connecting them.
“This place reeks,” commented John, wrinkling his nose.
There was movement at the other end of the temple. A lone wolf padded around the altar dragging a severed leg. It stopped in front and looked at the intruders. Beth’s lips curled and she brought up her rifle.
Another wolf immediately bounded from around the other side of the foyer’s interior doors. John snatched Beth back just before the blur collided with her. Instead of hitting her directly the wolf only caught her hand, the rifle barrel protecting her somewhat from the bone-crushing force of its jaws. Beth twisted and rammed the butt of her rifle into the wolf’s side. That and its original momentum was enough to throw the wolf off and it ran behind the pews, escaping.
Beth cursed, dropping her rifle and holding her bloodied hand.
“Are you okay?” asked Nicolas hurrying forward, but before he could look at her hand John grabbed them both and pulled them back into the foyer.
“It’s a trap! We have to get out of here!”
John reached for the exit, but jumped back when something heavy hit the door. Scratching and barking came from the other side.
“Bathroom,” Beth said.
“Can’t you hold it?” asked Nicolas.
Beth ignored him and led the way through the open door to the women’s restroom. John followed and, after a brief hesitation, so did Nicolas. Inside was a short hall with a door to the side leading into the restroom and a steep staircase opposite.
Beth pointed them up the stairs, “Hurry”
When they passed her she opened the bathroom door, jamming it behind the knob of the hallway door. As she followed the boys up the stairs she heard scratching and barking start at the door behind her.
Upstairs John and Nicolas stood waiting for her before another door.
“The balcony,” she explained. “It’s where the choir sings. It’s a dead end, but we can make our stand here. We’ll force them to come one by one.”
John and Nicolas pushed opened the door and led the way inside. The large room had an open balcony at either end, overlooking the town behind them and the temple hall on the other side with only a low wooden rail at the edge. All of the music stands and instruments had been pushed into a corner of the room, and in the middle lay a group of seven very large wolves.
Four stood up to face the newcomers at the door. Two more lay at the feet of the largest, sitting in the center. That wolf, looking little like a wolf, had sparse, patchy fur covering its hulking form. Its bare, round head hung down below its oversized shoulders, with long fangs hanging out of its short muzzle. The two lying at its feet rose and started a low growl.
“C– Convenient,” Nicolas quipped.
“These things are smart, John,” muttered Beth.
John replied, “Just the one.”
“Yes, but which one…” asked Nicolas.
“You’re joking, right?”
“You’re catching on.”
Nicolas brought up his sectioned staff as Beth slowly reached for a pistol with her good hand. The demon barked.
All six wolves lunged immediately while the demon leapt back, avoiding Beth’s shot. The demon’s barks and howls rang through the temple, and the wolves reacted accordingly to every sound. Instead of running straight at the three, the wolves split apart before converging again on their sides.
John immediately pushed through the wolves on his side as they jumped for him, shoving one over the balcony. Another he grabbed in midair and threw it into the third knocking them both down. Nicolas held out his sectioned staff, an end in each hand, blocking the charge of the three wolves on his side. Their combined momentum, however, pushed him back into the door, slamming it closed on Beth. Even as he fought back the wolves, Nicolas cringed as he heard her shout out and tumble down the stairs.
While the remaining two wolves got back to their feet and scrambled after John, he ran toward the demon as he released his tail and ears. The demon launched itself at John, jaws wide, aiming for his head. John stepped to the side, thinking to evade its assault and attack from the side, but his move was cut short. The wolves behind him had caught up and latched themselves onto his ankles. He couldn’t dodge.
John brought up his left arm to protect his head, sacrificing it to the crushing force of the demon’s jaws. As he fell backwards he tried to thrust his right hand into the demon’s stomach, but his fingers collapsed on impact with its muscular body. He fell to the floor with the demon’s massive form pinning him down. Out of the corner of his eye he saw Nicolas backed up against the rail by two of the wolves. The third lay motionless in front of the door.
Nicolas took the end sections of his staff and connected them to the middle. The ends attached with a click and the wolves sprang forward. Nicolas glided the tip of his weapon forward, shoving it down the throat of the wolf on the left and then swept it aside into the other.
The demon growled around John’s arm and the two wolves at his feet released him and took off toward Nicolas. John used his newfound freedom to try to kick the demon off, but it was too heavy. It shook its head wildly, tearing at John’s arm while he kicked and punched at it.
When he managed to catch the demon in the eye it finally loosened enough for John to rip his arm out of its grip. John pushed off the floor and slid himself out from under the demon. At the wall, Nicolas was managing to keep the last three wolves at bay – another having joined its motionless companion on the floor – with short thrusts and sweeps, but, cornered as he was, he could not get enough momentum on his staff to do much real damage.
As John slipped back onto his feet the demon lunged again, trying to pin him back down. John hopped away out of range and snapped his foot up, catching it in the throat. The demon staggered back, shaking its head and coughing.
The wolves at Nicolas stopped their attack. They looked around with their ears perked up. Wheezing, the demon noticed the wolves’ confusion and arched its back to howl, but all that came out was a broken cough. The wolves began barking and growling, looking back and forth from the boys to the demon.
They looked back to Nicolas and he took a step forward and swung his staff at them again, shouting. The wolves backed off, looking one last time to the demon, and then they ran to the rail and jumped. John looked on as they fell to the first floor, sliding across the blood, then running to the front of the temple and out an open side door.
The demon watched them go with its round, white eyes. Its lips curled, exposing its fangs, as it let out a low, broken snarl. Without warning it spun around and kicked John with its back legs, sending him over the rail, too. The demon then propelled itself toward Nicolas who barely had time to bring up his staff before he was knocked down by the beast.
The demon’s claws scratched Nicolas as it struggled on top of him, snapping its jaws trying to get around Nicolas’s weapon. Nicolas felt his injured arm giving. He had to get that thing off of him quick. He shoved the staff up into the demon’s mouth as it snapped again. Its curved fangs wrapped around it and, with a hard jerk, ripped it out of Nicolas’s hands.
Nicolas watched as the demon opened wide and lunged for his head. There was a loud blast and the fiend was thrown back. Nicolas looked over to where it lay, pooling blood, and then back to the door. Beth was leaning against the frame holding a smoking shotgun.
“You guys suck,” she said, breathing hard. “Trying to take all the action for yourselves…”
Nicolas struggled to his feet, “What did I say about shooting so close to me? Besides, you got the good part.”
“Where’s John?”
“He went over the side.”
Alarmed, Beth ran to the rail and looked over right as John clawed his way back up, surprising her. John climbed over the side and immediately sat down, propped back against the rail. Beth instantly noticed the ears and tail.
“That’s not something you see every day.”
“You’re not going to freak out, are you?” asked Nicolas.
“I’m too tired.”
“Good, we’ll explain later. Let’s just get out of here for now.”
“We should make sure all the wolves are gone, first,” said John, lifting himself up.
Nicolas forced a laugh, “Didn’t expect you to volunteer for extra work.”
“I just don’t want to have to come back.”
John led the way back down the stairs and into the temple hall, taking them down the aisle to the altar. His sense of smell was slowly managing to overcome the overwhelming scent of blood and dog. As far as he could tell there were not any left in the immediate vicinity.
The door to the side led to a smaller preparation room with an open exit out of the temple. Cabinets lined the walls. At the end of the wall opposite the exit, between the cabinets and the door to the temple, was another door covered in deep scratches. Blood covered the floor like everywhere else. A closet full of robes sat in one corner and a small sink in another. There was no sign of any remaining wolves.
Satisfied, John turned to leave when a creaking noise came from behind him. The three whipped around back to the previously closed door, Nicolas taking up his staff and Beth raising a pistol. A pair of eyes peered up at them through the door crack.
Chapter Eleven
(back to Table of Contents)
 
Maya carried a plate of wolf steak as she stepped out of the window and onto the fire escape. Balancing the plate in one hand, she climbed the steps up to the roof where she found Hank. He stood at the edge with a rifle, looking over the roofs of shops and houses to the dome of the temple.
“Have you seen anything, yet?” asked Maya.
“Nothin’. Temple’s at the worst angle from here. Can’t see anythin’ but rooftops.”
“Here, I brought you some food. You should eat,” she said, handing him the plate with a cringe. Hunger had finally driven her to eat too, but she still could not get comfortable with the idea of eating dog.
“Thanks Maya,” sighed Hank. He turned and took the plate, but did not eat. “They’ve been gone an awful long time…”
Maya looked at him quizzically, “It’s only been like an hour, hasn’t it?”
“The auto shop and the temple are only four blocks from here, and they were coming straight back. They shouldn’t have taken more than twenty minutes, thirty tops. And they still haven’t checked in once.”
“It’ll be okay, Hank. John and Nicolas are the strongest guys I’ve ever seen. Besides, I haven’t seen a single wolf since they left.”
“That’s what worries me most.”
Maya silently chided herself for making Hank worry even more, “Hey, you’ve got to be positive. Worrying like this won’t do anyone any good.”
“I know, you’re right…” Hank trailed off. He turned back and continued to stare out toward the temple.
Maya looked at Hank worriedly, but she could not think of anything to say to comfort him so she simply put a hand on his broad back. After a while she turned to leave, but was stopped by a shout from Hank.
“I see movement!” he exclaimed, peering hard into the distance. A moment later he announced excitedly, “It’s them! They’re coming back!”
Hank ran to the fire escape, blowing past Maya with surprising speed for his size. Maya marveled for only a moment before she too was running. The two practically dove through the window, both shouting the good news the entire way to the front door. Sphinx ran toward the commotion, darting between feet as she followed the excitement.
Everyone was soon running with them and forcing their way out the door in hopes of seeing their loved ones return to them. Dmitri yelled after them, warning not to be hasty, that there could still be wolves. Disregarding his own advice, however, Dmitri pushed through the crowd and forced his way outside, hoping to see his brother’s safe return.
The throng of people gathered just outside the door, looking for the returnees. After several tense moments they saw the first person round a corner down the street, slowly heading their way. A tall figure walked toward them carrying a pole on his back with two tires on each end, and right next to him walked a smaller figure.
“Nic!” cried Dmitri, breaking into a sprint toward his brother.
“Beth!” Hank called, following Dmitri.
As Maya ran after the two of them, she saw more people round the corner behind Beth. The crowd behind Maya cast off their fears and ran toward the group, shouting for their missing friends and relatives. The two groups met, emotions colliding. Shouts of joy and relief filled the air as people met with those they feared dead. More prevalent, however, were the moans and cries of disappointment and despair when loved ones were not found.
Maya distractedly welcomed back Beth and Nicolas with the others while searching through the crowd for John. She took deep breaths, trying not to fear the worst when she could not find him.
“Nic!” Dmitri shouted.
“D!”
“You look like crap!” he said, motioning to his brother’s bandaged arm.
“So do you,” replied Nicolas, pushing Dmitri’s cap down over his eyes. “But I never complain.”
Hank released his daughter from his embrace and looked at her similarly wrapped hand, asking what happened.
“It’s alright, Daddy,” Beth told him, “It’s just a little bite. Dr. St. Claire already fixed it up. We found him and everyone else in the temple basement. They were the only ones who managed to escape when the wolves hit. A lot of people were caught…”
“Well I’m glad you’re safe. I’m so proud of you,” he said, pulling Beth into his arms once again.
Maya tried asking Nicolas about John, but Dmitri grabbed his shirt, getting his attention again. “How did my audio tracker work?” he asked eagerly. “Did it lead you to the demon without any problems?”
“Didn’t even use it,” Nicolas said with a teasing grin.
“What!”
“We ended up meeting the demon at the temple straight away.”
“You what! What about that whole thing this morning? And the five hours I spent making it?”
“A complete waste.”
“No way!”
“Where’s John?” Maya blurted out, unable to wait any longer.
When Nicolas looked away from her, Maya feared the worst, but he lifted an arm and pointed over the crowd, “He’s probably back there somewhere. He was guarding the rear when we were bringing everyone back.”
Maya quickly worked her way through the crowd. Away from everyone, John sat in the shadows, resting his back against the wall of an old but well-kept shop. She gasped when she saw him almost completely covered in blood. His clothes were ripped to shreds. Slowly, she walked over and sat down beside him.
“Are you okay?”
“Do I look okay?”
“I’m sorry,” she said quietly. Maya leaned over and embraced John, resting her head on his shoulder as tears ran from her eyes. “I’m sorry.”
John sat stiffly, not in pain but in utter discomfort at Maya’s attention. If he had any strength left he would have thrown her off of him. Maybe break one of those skinny little arms so she wouldn’t keep touching him all the time. She was lucky he was devoting most of his energy to healing his wounds.
“Satisfied, yet?” he asked after a moment.
Maya shook her head.
“Well can we leave anyway? We’re finished here, right? No more philanthropy jobs?”
Maya nodded and sat up, wiping away her tears, “I’ll talk to Nicolas and get us on the road.”
Maya got up and walked into the crowd just as they all began moving toward the bank. After letting the throng put some distance between them and himself, John got up and followed.
 
* * *
 
Several hours later Dmitri walked into the garage with a glass of water for his brother. Nicolas sat beside the convertible with a hammer and pliers, trying to straighten the rims enough to take a tire.
“I think John’s about to kill someone.”
Nicolas jumped to his feet, “He’s what?”
“It’s just an expression,” Dmitri quickly apologized. “He’s just getting really impatient.”
“Well, I’m trying to fix my car’s rims alone, with one good arm, and nothing but a hammer and pliers. I’m almost done with the last one, so he’s just going to have to wait a little while longer,” Nicolas snapped.
“Sorry. How’s your arm?”
“Just a little stiff. And don’t apologize for him. It’s not your fault,” he said, forcing himself to cool down.
Dmitri set the water down next to Nicolas, “I can kind of understand where he’s coming from, you know?” Nicolas paused, but when he started working again without responding Dmitri continued. “John got hurt because Maya made him do something he didn’t want to, and now he’s lost an entire day in his search to find out who he really is.”
“Should he have left these people to die?”
“I’m not saying he should have. I’m just saying I understand.”
Nicolas took a deep breath and said grouchily to Dmitri, “Go tell them we’ll be ready to go in a few more minutes.”
Reluctantly, Dmitri left Nicolas to his work as he mumbled about not being able to separate Beth from Hank for even a second. Back inside the bank, most people were in the main room gathered into small groups. Some held loud, joyful conversations while others quietly comforted each other. Hank and Beth sat together in front of the fire speaking softly with several men and women.
Dmitri made his way around all the different groups to the back of the room where John sat quietly away from everyone else. Maya sat with him several paces away.
“Is he done yet?” asked John when Dmitri approached him.
“He’s on the last tire. How are you’re wounds?”
“Healing, but the arm is going to take a day or two,” John replied, walking past Dmitri. “I’ll be waiting in the vehicle.”
After watching John disappear into the crowd, Dmitri walked over to Maya and leaned against the wall next to her. “So…” he began hesitantly, “You finally got John to accept Ms. Emma’s offer to patch his clothes?”
“Yeah, he still hates me though.”
“He hates everyone.”
“I forced him to stay and do something he didn’t want to. He got hurt because of that, and lost an entire day in his search.”
“That’s true…” Dmitri said slowly, surprised to hear his words coming from Maya’s mouth. “But, hey, on the other hand we saved a whole town. That should be worth something.”
“It should, right?”
At that point, Nicolas stalked into the room and forced his way to them, “The car is ready, but His Majesty is just going to wait in the backseat so feel free to take your time.”
“Alright,” said Maya. “Let’s just say goodbye to everyone and leave.”
Maya, Nicolas, and Dmitri slowly walked over to the group in front of the fire, and when Hank saw them he stood up and welcomed them warmly.
“You three,” he said through a toothy grin. “I can’t thank you enough. You guys saved our town.”
There was a round of applause in agreement, as everyone each thanked them in turn. Soon the whole room was gathering around them.
Hank looked around the room, “Where’s John? Beth was telling me how hard he fought those wolves for us, and I know he wasn’t very eager to do it.”
“He’s waiting in the car,” said Maya.
“Ah, so you’re leavin’ us already. You can’t even stay the night? It’ll be gettin’ dark soon.”
“Sorry Hank,” apologized Nicolas. “But we really do need to leave tonight, for various reasons.”
Emma spoke up from the edge of the crowd with her arms around two young girls clutching her dress, “You just blew into our lives like a whirlwind of salvation, and now you’re leaving just as quickly. Where are you going now?”
Maya elbowed Dmitri for rolling his eyes, and then told them cryptically, “North. We’re on a mission.”
“Well, good luck on your mission,” said Beth, smiling to Maya.
“I wish we could stay and get to know you all better, but I’m sure we’ll come through here again sometime,” Nicolas promised, speaking more to Beth than anyone else.
“I’ll be lookin’ forward to seeing you kids again,” Hank laughed. “Maybe I’ll teach you how to shoot, eh, Nicolas?”
“Super.”
“See you, big guy,” said Beth, patting his shoulder. “Tell John I hope he finds what he’s looking for.”
Maya gave Hank, Beth, and Emma each a hug goodbye while Nicolas and Dmitri shook Hank’s hand and said their farewells to the people. Once they made their rounds, Dmitri picked up Sphinx and carried her to the convertible with Maya and Nicolas following. The entire town, what few people were left of it, all gathered outside to see their heroes off. John sat low in the seat, cradling his arm and ignoring the shouts of farewell.
“Aren’t you even going to say goodbye?” asked Maya as they pulled out of the garage.
“Is that an order?”
“Oh, just give it a rest, princess,” Nicolas slammed the gear shift into drive once they backed onto the street, and headed north. “The world does not revolve around you. You just helped save dozens of lives, you should be proud, not crying about a few scratches that will heal by tomorrow.”
“I think we’ve already been over my philosophies,” John retorted.
“Yeah,” huffed Nicolas, “and they suck. Maya, don’t let this demon make you feel bad, we did a good thing today.”
 “Thanks Nicolas,” Maya said, forcing a smile. Then she turned to John, “Let’s go find out where you came from.”
 
* * *
 
Late that night Hank was sitting in a chair alone in front of the bank with his shotgun in his lap. Behind him, the front door creaked open and Beth stepped out, rubbing her arms in the unusually chill night.
“All the wolves ran off after we killed the thing controlling them,” Beth told her dad.
“I know, baby, but I won’t be able to relax until we’re finally out of here.”
“I understand,” she said. “Just don’t push yourself, you should get some rest.”
“Don’t worry about me. I’ll sleep soon, alright?”
“Alright, but I’ll be coming back to check on you,” she warned playfully.
“I love you, too.”
Hank watched Beth leave back through the door, and then turned back to the streets. He was not sure if he would ever be able to sleep again. Every time he closed his eyes he heard wolf howls and saw his daughter with her bitten hand. With a grunt, Hank got to his feet. If he didn’t go inside Beth would stay up all night, too, checking in on him.
Something caught his eye as he strode to the door. He tightened his grip on his shotgun. Looking up he saw headlights coming down the street. A large truck approached and slowed to a stop in front of the bank.
Half a dozen men in military fatigues exited the truck carrying assault rifles. They marched up the lawn to Hank, a tall man in a plain black suit leading them.
“You fellas are a little late,” growled Hank.
“Captain Johannes Perry,” said the black-suited man, introducing himself. “Were you expecting us?”
Hank took an angry breath, “So you didn’t come to help. No matter, you’re too late anyway. Got rid of them ourselves, no thanks to the great Tasmuaronan Royal Armed Forces.”
“We saw one of our vehicles on our way in, ambushed,” Captain Perry said, taking a menacing step closer. “Do you mind telling us what is going on here?”
“Wolves,” Hank told him, unfazed.
“Wolves?”
“Wolves! Nearly wiped out the whole town! My daughter and a couple of kids managed to get rid of them since your boys back there couldn’t even make it into town. Now get out of here and let us get on with our lives!” shouted Hank, poking the Captain in the chest. Captain Perry grabbed Hank’s finger and twisted it around, dropping him to his knees and inciting a scream of pain.
“What kids?” Perry asked coolly.
The front door burst open and Beth walked out leveling a pistol at Captain Perry’s head. Perry had his own pistol out in a flash, and the soldiers behind him all pointed their rifles at the girl.
“Don’t shoot!” yelled Hank. “Please, don’t shoot her!”
“Drop your gun,” Captain Perry ordered calmly, almost bored.
“Let go of my dad!”
“Beth, please, don’t do anything reckless…” Hank warned pleadingly.
Beth looked from her father, to the man holding him down, to the men behind him pointing rifles at her. After a moment, she reluctantly let the gun drop to the floor and raised her hands.
“Smart girl,” Perry said. And then he casually shot the shoulder of her good arm, dropping Beth with a cry of pain.
Her father shouted out, “Beth!”
Before Hank could get back on his feet, Captain Perry pressed the hot muzzle of the gun to Hank’s forehead and forced him back down. Beth groaned in pain at the foot of the door, clutching her arm.
“Now,” said the Captain icily. “What kids?”


Stage Two: Tree of Terror

Chapter Twelve
(back to Table of Contents)
 
Just before midnight Nicolas pulled off the road. The barbed wire fence at the tree line along the highway was in such a state of disrepair that before long they found an opening wide enough through which to slip the car. The sparse trees offered little cover, but allowed them to pull into the copse far enough so that the convertible was not easily seen from the road. After camouflaging their vehicle with fallen branches and leaves, they set off west into the country; straight to the Dravus River.
The moon offered ample lighting from the cloudless sky. Except for the few reluctant words from Nicolas verifying their direction with John, they marched across the ragged grassland in silence. Maya tried striking up a conversation several times, and Nicolas politely obliged, but both were too exhausted to keep it up.
After a couple of hours of walking they finally came to the Dravus River and headed upstream. John noted that he could still detect their faint scent from the days before. As they passed the wreckage of Maya’s tiny ship, John wondered in passing what became of the beast he slew and why the scent he caught of other humans smelled so familiar.
He continued to follow the troop, allowing Nicolas who was carrying a sleeping Dmitri on his shoulders to take the lead, shrugging off the trivial questions from his mind for more pressing matters. Despite his better judgment John was getting excited. He was finally nearing an answer. Who was he? What was he? Who was hunting him and why? His whole existence was merely a collection of questions. They were the only things he had to live for and thus drove his desire for answers.
There were so many questions and all he had was a single tantalizing clue. And Maya. The strange girl who seemed to have so much power over him. Once he found his answers and killed whoever was chasing him he would decide whether or not to kill her too.
As the moon began to set, marking the fourth hour of their march, they approached the next tree line. They had finally reached the woods from which John and Maya had escaped. Here, Maya finally allowed herself to collapse.
“Okay, that’s it. I can’t go on anymore,” she declared, lying face down in the grass.
“How far are we, John?” asked Nicolas.
John’s ears twitched with agitation, “How should I know? I was unconscious for most of it.” He crossed his arms and sniffed, “The scent seems to go on for a while.”
“Can you carry Maya?”
“I’d rather leave her here,” he quipped.
Nicolas rolled his eyes and looked to Maya, “Let’s walk a bit into the woods and then we’ll set up camp and rest a while.”
Grunting reluctantly, Maya nodded and got back onto her feet. After walking for what seemed to Maya an unnecessarily long way, Nicolas stopped and set down Dmitri. John dropped the pack Maya had forced him to carry.
“Do we have any food?” asked Maya, miserably.
“Cold soup or wolf jerky,” said Nicolas digging through the backpack. “What do you feel like?”
Maya groaned, “Never mind.”
“What? It’s not a five-course meal, but it’s not horrible,” said Nicolas opening a can of stew. As Maya lay down on a blanket to rest her eyes, cuddling up with Sphinx, Nicolas turned his attention to John. “You want me to take first watch or you want it?”
John ignored him completely and leaned his back against a tree, facing away from the group.
“Unsociable demon,” muttered Nicolas as he dug into his stew.
The night passed uneventfully as John kept guard, never moving from his post at the tree. Nicolas slept propped against a tree trunk with his sectioned staff in his hand, ready for any sudden danger. Dmitri, Maya, and Sphinx dozed together peacefully keeping each other warm.
As morning began to lighten the skies John finally moved, saying curtly to no one in particular, “Wake up.”
Nicolas’s eyes snapped open. Stretching, he guessed the time from the lightness of the sky and nudged Dmitri with a foot, “Wake up, egghead.”
“Gimme five more minutes,” he murmured, turning over.
“Now,” said Nicolas, nudging him again as he got up to clean camp.
“Now,” repeated John. “I’m leaving you behind.”
“Wait, I’m coming,” mumbled Maya, half asleep. Both Maya and Dmitri struggled to their hands and knees and began crawling after him, slowly stumbling to their feet. Nicolas helped them up and pulled them after John, and soon everyone was marching again northward.
Maya cradled Sphinx in her arms as they trudged along, following John’s keen sense of smell along the invisible trial. They walked seemingly for hours along the riverside, following deer trials where they could, but otherwise forging their way through the thick brush.
While pushing their way through the thick leaves and vines, John noticed a change in the wind. Blood and gunpowder violently interrupted the water-thinned smell of his own sweat, skin, and hair.
“This way,” he announced, changing their direction east along his newfound scent.
By the time the sun rose, even Nicolas was ready for another break. John led the way mercilessly through the thick underbrush, pushing harder as his own scent waned.
“I can’t take it anymore,” whined Maya, dropping to the ground.
John roughly grabbed her arm and pulled her up again. “Look,” he said, pointing ahead.
In front of them the surrounding wood was utterly destroyed; either smashed, cut down, burned, or riddled with bullet holes. And barely noticeable through the remaining trees was a small gray structure protruding from the ground. As they cautiously approached, it became clear that the structure was a cement building with a single large overhead door.
The steel door was enormous; big enough for a cargo truck to pass through, though the building was hardly impressive and seeming only built to accommodate the door. “This is it,” announced John.
“Are we there yet?” asked Dmitri from atop Nicolas’s shoulder once again.
“Yeah,” Nicolas replied. “You can get off now.”
Nicolas surveyed the surrounding area. The destruction was clearly evident, but what he really took notice of were the recent tire tracks around the area and the well-used road leading to the door.
“Whatever we’re doing, we’d better do it quick before someone else shows up,” he said.
The door itself was bent and twisted, barely hanging onto its frame. Chains crossed the entrance, both barring entry and holding the door upright. Plastered on the building were warning signs of all sorts. Some signs were there to avert entry with threats of fines and jail time for intruding onto government property, and newer looking ones warned of unstable building conditions and even of toxic gas.
Interest piqued, Dmitri stepped forward, quickly shedding his fatigue while he led the way to the building. Maya went after him, and Nicolas and John quickly followed, keeping their eyes and ears open for any sign of danger. Both were acutely aware of how recently others had been here, and were eager to be in and out and on their way.
Dmitri waved his brother over while running toward the door ahead of the others. At the door, the party found an opening at the corner where the steel was literally ripped off like paper. John interrupted Dmitri’s precautionary caveat about cameras, sensors, and security by wordlessly stepping past everyone and crawling through the opening first. Dmitri slapped his palm to his forehead in exasperation.
“Maybe you two had better stay here,” suggested Nicolas, putting a hand on Maya’s shoulder before she could follow.
“No way!” Maya and Dmitri exclaimed in unison.
“Listen,” he pleaded gently. “It could be dangerous. We don’t know what we’re walking into in there, and besides, we need someone to keep watch out here.”
“So we can what? Run away if trouble comes? Give me a break. Besides, you might need my technical expertise,” countered Dmitri smugly.
Nicolas turned serious, his face hardening, “It’s not a request. It’s too dangerous for you.”
“What?” asked Dmitri angrily, taken aback by the sudden order.
“You heard me. I won’t be responsible for putting you in danger.”
“You’re not responsible for me; you’re my brother, not my father!”
Nicolas took a step back as if the words had physically hit him. His mouth gaped, looking for words he could not find. Dmitri’s eyes widened in sudden realization at what he just said. He cleared his throat and looked away.
“Sorry, poor choice of words.”
Nicolas recomposed himself and shook his head, “No, you’re right. I promised I would be your friend and brother before anything else. I didn’t have the right to order you around like that.”
“No offense taken. Now,” said Dmitri, walking for the door, “let’s catch up to John.”
“Hang on, D, I still meant what I said about you staying here.”
“Well then…you’ll have to catch me first!” shouted Dmitri as he dove through the hole. A painful ‘oof’ and a scuffling came from the unathletic boy as he landed and wormed his way to the other side.
Nicolas cursed, and chased after him. He followed Dmitri through the hole and heard a rustling behind him. Nicolas stood up on the other side of the door and looked back at Maya crawling through the opening, “You too?”
“Sorry Nicolas, I didn’t come all this way to sit out the excitement,” Maya smiled bluntly.
Inside the building was nothing but a sloping floor leading underground into the darkness, into oblivion. The concrete tunnel walls had deep scratches gouged into it in patterns resembling talons or claws. Fragments of smashed fluorescent lights lay scattered across the ground while the unbroken ones flickered in their mountings on the ceiling, vaguely lighting the way . The trio ran, soon catching up to John who was silently marching down the steep ramp.
“Anyone worried about the toxic gas warnings?” asked Dmitri nervously after walking a bit with John.
“Getting cold feet already?” asked Nicolas with a mix of smugness and frustration.
“There’s no gas,” John said, cutting off Dmitri’s retort. “If there were I would notice it.”
His answer seemed to satisfy Dmitri, while Nicolas remained skeptical but quiet. John was confident he would be able to sense any dangerous fumes in the stagnant air, but there was something more that told him there would be no hazards…a vague tickling in the back of his memory; something akin to an instinct or a forgotten dream.
As their eyes adjusted to the dimness, they found that the ramp bottomed out at a slightly smaller door than that outside, this one twisted and torn from the hinges and lying several paces from its frame. Inside was an array of elevators; some forced open exposing the bottomless shafts.
John’s instincts took him to the unlit back of the chamber where he found a stairwell hidden in the dark. Leading the others ever downward, John followed that ambiguous feeling of his through a winding maze of stairs, corridors, and chambers lit only by the rare unbroken, flickering emergency lights. After exiting the bottom of the most recent of the wide staircases they came to a door barred and padlocked. Nicolas gave Dmitri an expectant glance.
“I didn’t bring my lock-pick set with me,” said Dmitri, shrugging an apology.
“Is there another way around?” Nicolas asked.
“No,” John stated, looking intently at the lock. After a moment, he stepped up to it and put a finger to the keyhole. He froze. Several minutes passed without sound or movement from him. He ignored all inquiries to his actions and simply stood at the door with the lock in his hand. After a while Maya spoke up.
“Look at his hands!” she whispered in amazement.
John’s claws had doubled in length in the few minutes he had sat there, with the nail of his index finger grown into the lock. John finally stirred. With a twist of his wrist the lock snapped open and the bar dropped from the door.
Nicolas applauded dryly, “Nice trick, demon.”
John ignored him as usual – apathy the predominant emotion when it came to the tall human – and entered the hallway beyond the door. The corridor was charred black by fire. Blackened skeletons littered the floor. Some human, some obviously not. Maya gasped and turned away, while John forged his way forward through the ankle deep ash. Allowing Nicolas to guide her with an arm around her shoulders, Maya closed her eyes and stepped carefully into the hall. She promptly heard a dry crunch underfoot.
Maya’s shriek resonated down the hall, breaking the overbearing silence that had enveloped them and scaring Sphinx out of her arms and onto Nicolas’s broad shoulders. John looked back and glared at her.
“Sorry,” she whimpered, tears in her eyes.
Maya forced herself to look on, trying not to cry as she passed the death at her feet. Soon they came to an intersection and John led them around the corner where at the end of the hall they found a large, round, steel door. A black skeleton was caught between the thick metal door and the doorjamb.
“We’re close,” breathed John.
He walked quickly to the entrance and pulled hard at the heavy door, moving it slowly back, ash crumbling at the hinges and the bones disintegrating from the disturbance. Inside was a line of doors down both sides of a long hall. John ran for the closed door at the opposite end of the room and kicked it in. The door crumbled and the others hurried to catch him.
Inside were a single charred computer and a shattered window into another room. All eyes went to John. He stood at the window and looked into the room. Inside he found shattered glass and melted wiring.
He knew it was supposed to mean something. There was a familiar prickling in the back of his mind, but it remained elusively out of reach. It had to mean something to him; it was important for some reason…
John screamed and kicked the monitor off its place on the metal desk and into the wall, making the others jump in surprise.
“Nothing!” he yelled.
He seethed silently with his back to the others. Rage, frustration, and hopelessness threatened to overwhelm him. His face felt hot. And then, he felt Maya’s soft, comforting hand on his shoulder.
“John, it’ll be okay. I know we’ll find another clue–” Maya was cut off when John whipped around and grabbed her by the throat. John’s hair stood on end, his yellow eyes furious, and his tail snapped out.
“Don’t you dare comfort me!” growled John.
In a flash Nicolas’s spear tip was at John’s neck, “Let her go, demon.”
John continued, biting his words while ignoring Nicolas’s spear, “For all I know, you are the reason behind all of this. The only reason you are still alive is because you are the last clue I have left; and even that does not guarantee your life.”
Maya choked in John’s grasp.
“Let her go now or I’ll cut you down where you stand!” hissed Nicolas through his teeth. Blood trickled from John’s neck where the spear met his skin. John waited a split second to give Maya a meaningful look – a look of disdain and contempt – then he dropped her gasping to the floor. Nicolas and Dmitri rushed to Maya’s side to check on her and comfort her.
“Jerk,” muttered Dmitri.
Nicolas knelt next to Maya, “She was only trying to help, you demo–”
“No, it’s my fault. I’m sorry John.”
The brothers looked incredulously at Maya. “You don’t have to apologize to this monster!”
“He’s not a monster,” defended Maya. “He just wants to find out who he is. I can understand that.” Maya turned to John, still rubbing her throat, “I’m sorry you still don’t trust me, John, but I’ll still help you find out who you are. You’re my friend.”
John stared at her, confusion replacing the earlier fire in his eyes. After a moment he acquiesced, “Hmph, do what you want.”
Maya smiled while Nicolas shook his head in vexation and Dmitri wondered over to the metal desk behind them.
“Hey guys, I think I might have something,” said Dmitri.
They all turned and found him crawling under the desk into the cabinet housing the computer tower.
“The computer was inside this metal desk and might not have been completely destroyed by the fire. If the hard drive isn’t fried we may be able to get a little info off it.”
“You can do that?” asked John, his tail twitching slightly in cautious optimism.
“Maybe,” Dmitri said warily, taking apart the computer tower. “The insides actually don’t look that bad. The wires are a little melty, but…yeah.”
“Yeah?”
Dmitri pulled out the hard drive with a pop and replied, “Yeah, I think this might work.”
“Good,” said John stoically, trying to keep his excitement in check.
“You’re tail’s wagging,” Maya snickered from behind John, smiling toothily.
John turned red and reflexively grabbed his tail, “Shut up.”
All three laughed as John stormed out of the room and headed back from whence they came, the earlier tension all but forgotten. John marched angrily back up the ramps and stairs, forcing those with shorter legs to jog to keep up. An hour later, huffing and puffing, everyone was back at the twisted front gate.
“Finally!” exclaimed Maya with renewed energy.
She and Dmitri hurried to the hole in the corner and crawled through, looking forward to fresh air and daylight. As John and Nicolas approached from behind they heard scuffling and muffled shouts coming from the other side of the door. With a frightened glance to John, Nicolas dropped to the ground and struggled through the gap.
He was horrified to find what awaited him. His little brother and Maya each knelt on the ground in front of a truck, hands behind their backs, with guns pointed at them. The tall, thin man from Sarcona had a pistol at the back of Maya’s head, and to his left was a shorter but more muscular soldier with dark brown hair holding a rifle to Dmitri.
More soldiers on either side of the opening had their rifles trained on Nicolas and John as he made his way cautiously through the opening. Nicolas gripped his sectioned staff with white knuckles, his mouth slightly agape and eyes wide in terror.
 “Returning to the scene of the crime is a pretty obvious move, don’t you think?” asked the larger man, smiling mockingly.
Nicolas didn’t answer. A gun was pointed at his brother. One of those unpredictable weapons that could kill with the twitch of a finger was pointed at his little brother. He didn’t have time to listen to the enemy talk, he had to act.
Dmitri knew what was coming. His hoplophobic brother just could not control himself around firearms. Dmitri was on his knees with his hands zip tied behind his back; there was little he could do except dive forward and try to stay out of the way.
Dmitri falling flat on his face distracted everyone for the split second Nicolas needed. He chucked his sectioned-staff at the man pointing a gun at his brother, catching him in the head and knocking him back a step. As the soldiers turned on Nicolas, John sprinted forward past the soldiers on his left, putting himself between the two groups of soldiers so that they couldn’t risk shooting for fear of friendly fire. With a feral yell and John tackled the Captain.
Nicolas dove past the soldiers on the right and rolled toward Dmitri under the line of rifles. While jumping to his feet he delivered a devastating kick to the muscled man, picking him up off the ground and throwing him into the truck behind him. Before the other soldiers could aim properly, Nicolas immediately drove his shoulder into the first man and forced him back into his companions, knocking down the others.
With a ferocity matching John’s wild nature, Nicolas pummeled the men on the ground, knocking away their weapons and turning the fight into a street brawl. John continued his struggle against those on his side – one man already unconscious. A bloodcurdling scream came from another as John raked his face with his claws.
A gunshot rang out. Captain Perry had recovered enough to train his pistol on John from his position on the ground, catching John in the shoulder. John took cover behind the last soldier standing and with a powerful side-kick sent him flying at the thin man. Perry rolled out of the way and fired several more times, one shot grazing John’s thigh.
John dashed for the man, dodging left and right trying to stay out of the gun’s line of fire. Bullets streaked by as John made his way to him. After closing the distance John jumped feet first at the Captain, catching him in the chest. Air exploded from his lungs as John’s full weight came down him. His mouth worked for air but was unable to take a breath with the heavy boy atop him. After a moment he lay still, unconscious.
Both boys stood breathing heavily and surveyed the scene around them. Eight men lay strewn about bruised, battered, and bleeding; those few still conscious didn’t have strength left to move and lay moaning. John took the pistol from the thin man’s hand and pointed it at his head.
“John, don’t!” cried Maya, lying prone on the ground.
John’s glare turned on Maya, “If I don’t they’ll keep chasing us.”
Maya groaned in frustration, “But you can’t kill them! How can I get you to understand this? Killing is bad. Nicolas, say something!”
Nicolas was still breathing hard through clenched teeth; bloody hands clenched in fists. At the mention of his name he slowly became aware of his surroundings again.
“What?” he said after a moment. Then he saw John with the gun. Nicolas knew what he was thinking. “John, even if you kill them they’ll just send more. Put the gun down.”
John thought for a moment, keeping the pistol pointed at the unconscious man, and then dropped the gun. “They’ll wake up soon.”
Nicolas used the blade of his spear to cut Maya and Dmitri free. “D, find the keys to the truck. We’re getting out of here.”
Chapter Thirteen
(back to Table of Contents)
 
“Control systems are finally back in place,” tittered Heisenberg, speaking to a large figure lying still in a bed. The figure’s face and head were wrapped in bandages, concealing his features. Medicines and sedatives were dripping through intravenous lines into his thick arms. Fists clenched though still unconscious.
“The pawns are back in my hands. Now I know I promised you and the Grand Empire of Tasmuarona an even grander victory against the big, bad Khentians, but I have bigger plans for my babies.” Heisenberg explained apologetically, moving to sit on the side of the bed. “And I know one would think you’d be mad, but with the control systems back in place and the shiny new chip in your head, I promise you won’t feel a thing. Anger…betrayal…all will be a vague prickle in the back of your squishy little mind.”
A phone rang, interrupting Heisenberg’s monologue. He reached into his lab coat, pulled out his tiny handheld, and flipped it open.
“Hello?” he answered cheerfully, holding the little device delicately to his ear.
“Captain Perry, sir,” gasped the voice on the other end, in obvious pain.
“Ah, Johannes, how are you?”
“We found A9-13…”
“And…? How did it go…?”
“He got away, sir. We sustained heavy casualties.”
“Hmm,” Heisenberg mused. “He should have gone peacefully now that the control systems are in place. When was this?”
“About two hours ago.”
“Control had been established long before then. Very interesting…”
Heisenberg thought in silence for several moments.
 “Sir?” asked Perry, unsure whether he lost the connection or if the deranged scientist had simply forgot him.
“You’re dismissed.”
“Yes sir, have a good da–”
“From the assignment that is. You’re free. Go back to your base and find a new master.”
“S-sir, I guarantee you we will not fail again. We will capture A9-13 and–”
“You’re mission, like yourself, is obsolete,” Heisenberg stated. “A9-13 is no longer of any importance to you.”
“What about its friends and the girl?”
“They’re my problem now,” Heisenberg said and he unceremoniously clapped his handheld shut.
“So many interesting things to look into! Busy, busy, busy… But I suppose ending this world can wait,” chuckled Heisenberg. As if suddenly realizing what he had just said, Heisenberg turned to the figure under the sheets, “Oops, secret’s out! I know you’re fond of this world; however, to me it’s just so boring and monotonous. But don’t worry, you’ll like the new world I’m creating.”
The doctor hopped off the bed and put his hand to his thin chin, “A weapon with friends…interesting indeed. I suppose we should begin by looking into that.”
 
* * *
 
“What is it, sir? What did he say?” asked Corporal Adams.
“Our assignment is over,” sighed Captain Perry.
“What?” he exclaimed, outraged. “Just like that? But we haven’t completed the mission!”
“I applaud your work ethic, but we just got our butts handed to us by a couple of kids. Don’t complain. Just be glad you’re going home alive.”
Adams’s ears turned red in a mixture of embarrassment and dejection, “Yes, sir.”
Captain Perry looked at the young soldier for a moment and then, seeming to make up his mind, said, “Tell the others to return to base, Sunshine, and then meet me at the truck. We’re going to take a little trip.”
Regaining his former enthusiasm, the Corporal replied, “Yes, sir!” Immediately, he began shouting out orders as if the last few discouraging seconds had never happened.
Captain Perry shook his head, wondering if he had just made a big mistake.
 
* * *
 
“Now that we’re out of danger, I guess I should be angry with you for almost getting me shot,” said Maya while glaring at Nicolas. She sat in the passenger seat next to Nicolas who was driving. John and Dmitri were relaxing in the backseat of the four-door truck.
“What if one of those guns had gone off accidentally?” countered Nicolas grumpily.
“Exactly! What if one had gone off while you were kicking everyone’s butt?”
“It was more dangerous to assume those guys wouldn’t shoot you no matter what I did!”
“Maya,” interjected Dmitri, cutting off her retort. “It’s useless. This guy is hopeless around guns.”
“Why?”
“Deep-seeded emotional trauma,” Nicolas replied dryly.
“Seriously?”
“No.”
“Yes,” supplied Dmitri, earning a glare from Nicolas.
Nicolas sighed and focused on the road ahead, “It’s nothing. I’m sorry for putting you in danger.”
“Thanks,” said Maya, not knowing exactly what to say. Several moments passed in silence before John spoke up.
“Short one, shouldn’t you be working on something?”
“I don’t have my stuff,” he explained. “We left everything in the car, remember? And don’t call me short! I’m perfectly well-proportioned for my age.”
“What should I call you, then?”
“My name,” Dmitri told him dryly. When John stared back uncomprehending Dmitri gave him a sideways look, “Don’t tell me you don’t know my name yet…”
John just stared.
“John!” scolded Maya.
“John,” he repeated.
“No! Dmitri!”
“Dmitri, then. When can you look at the hard drive?”
Wounded, Dmitri said, “As soon as we get to the next city.”
“We’ll have plenty to do in the next city,” said Nicolas from up front, ignoring his sulking brother. “We’ll have to split up to get everything done before they find us again.”
“What do we need to do?” asked Maya turning toward him in her seat.
“I’ll find us a new ride. I’m sure this one is being tracked. Dmitri will get the gear he needs, and you and John can go buy us some food and water for the next few days.”
“Okay, sounds like a plan! Where’s the next town?” she asked, ready to be back on her adventure.
“Right in front of us.”
Maya looked ahead and saw the first indications of civilization in hours; the first signs of the Silver City, the imperial seat of Tasmuarona. Towering buildings grew from the horizon, putting Maya’s sense of distance into a new perspective. First passing through the low, shabby huts and shacks of the surrounding slums, as they made their way farther and into the suburbs the houses and shops slowly became bigger and nicer. It was almost another hour before they finally approached the huge plastered walls of the city.
The walls were mostly for show now, displaying the power and majesty of Tasmuarona. They had not actually been tested in battle for centuries. Now, the new glass and steel skyscrapers crowded around the ancient spires and plastered towers of ages long past, and threatened to burst the boundaries of the walls.
As they drove into the city, Maya gawked at the sights. They passed by the imposing watchtowers – now more decorative than functional – and enormous statues of past royalty and war heroes standing on the street sides. They passed gaily painted shops and specialty stores selling everything from fresh bread to the latest technology. Maya saw Dmitri mouth agape at the window, but couldn’t tell whether he was drooling at the food or the gadgets.
A few hours past noon they arrived at the city center. The Silver City, named more for the extravagant lifestyle of those within the city walls than the glittering buildings themselves, was built around the enormous Tasmuaronan Imperial Palace. The delicate spires of the palace were visible above the ancient trees of the park surrounding its crenelated walls, piercing the blue sky like needles.
Nicolas stopped the truck along the street at an automated banking kiosk opposite the park. “D, grab us some cash. Ten thousand credits should be enough for food supplies.”
“Roger that,” said Dmitri, hopping out of the truck and walking to the kiosk.
Nicolas turned to Maya and plucked Sphinx from her lap, “I’ll watch Sphinx. Your job is to find food. Canned, dried, or precooked. Anything light-weight and easy to prepare. And bottled water. The cheap stuff, we don’t need any brand names.”
“Your job,” he said, turning to John and narrowing his eyes, “is to get her back here safe.”
“I don’t need John to babysit me,” argued Maya indignantly.
Dmitri climbed back into the truck with a wad of bills in his hand.
“You’ll need his nose to find your way back,” Nicolas replied pushing the cash into her hands. “It’s pretty easy to get lost in a place like this, especially if you’re unfamiliar with the area.”
“What about you?” Maya asked Dmitri suspiciously.
“Dmitri can handle himself,” said Nicolas, answering for his brother who grinned self-satisfactorily. “Besides, you’re the one they seem to want. Trouble tends to follow you around.”
Maya huffed and threw open the truck door. A passing car swerved out of the way honking angrily. “I’ll show you I can take care of myself,” she muttered as she stepped down onto the street and stormed away.
Nicolas turned to John again, “We’ll meet back here at sunset. If anything happens to her…”
“I don’t need hear that from you. I’m not letting that girl out of my sight,” snarled John ominously.
Nicolas suppressed a shudder as John left, wondering what hidden meaning there might have been in those words.
 
* * *
 
John followed a few steps behind Maya who had been mumbling heatedly to herself since she left the truck about being treated like a child and a gofer. He followed her into the first grocery store they came across, and stood by as she absentmindedly gathered cup noodles, condensed soup, dried fruit, and water and placed them in his arms.
“Well that was fast,” said Maya as they finished paying. “I wonder what the others are doing.”
Maya stopped short in sudden realization, causing John, whose vision was partly obscured by the bags in his arms, to bump into her.
“Um,” she began timidly, turning to John. “Where are we supposed to meet?”
John growled lowly, “We’re meeting at sunset where we parked earlier.”
“And, um, where was that?”
“Weren’t you saying you could take care of yourself?”
“Don’t say that,” Maya whined. “Come on, tell me! Please?”
Selfish, thought John. “Follow me.” John took a few steps and stopped.
Maya grinned, “Don’t tell me you don’t know the way either…”
Ignoring Maya, John sniffed the air. Was it his imagination? There were too many people, too many smells on the street to be sure, but he thought he caught a whiff of a demon’s scent. He looked above the stack of groceries in his arms and saw a cloaked figure. A glint of steel.
A short, curved blade tore through the bags John had been holding just a moment before. Steel arched through the air with frightening speed. A blade in both hands, the figure slashed frantically away at John. Without time to think, John let his reflexes control his movements. Twist. Duck. Jump.
The people crowding the sidewalk quickly fell back to make a circle around the two. Pondering murmurs of a street performance passed between the oblivious bystanders. Maya, standing at the dropped groceries, got over her initial shock in time to see John with his back suddenly to the wall. The attacker lunged.
John tilted his head just enough to miss the attack. A blade sank into the stone wall with a shower of sparks. Before the attacker could recover John jumped up and, using the wall to brace his back, gave the figure a mighty shove with both feet, sending whoever it was flying back into the rail along the sidewalk. The hood of the attacker’s cloak fell back and a silence gathered around the crowd.
The face of a beautiful girl appeared, maybe a little older than Maya. She had flawless white skin, red hair, and eyes as red as fire. On her high forehead, just below her hairline and above each eye, were two small, fleshy horns. John stood before her ready for her next move, ears and tail exposed.
The silence shattered. The crowd erupted into panicked screams of monsters and gang wars. The people scattered, stampeding over each other. Sirens wailed in the distance. With a contemptuous look at John, the girl clicked her tongue and ran off with the crowd.
John took a step to follow, but then remembered Maya. He turned back to see her hands clasped at her chest and a concerned look on her face.
“John! Are you okay?” she asked.
The concern on her face and in her voice gave John pause for a moment, but he quickly brushed off the unfamiliar feelings creeping over him. He ignored her question and hurried over to her, grabbing as many untorn bags as he could with one hand and taking Maya’s hand in the other.  Maya managed to grab another bag as she was pulled away. With a stronger grip than was necessary, John ran across the street into the thickly wooded park with Maya in tow.
They strode quickly through the park, staying within the wooded areas. Something told Maya that now wasn’t the time to ask questions, but as the minutes turned to hours Maya was reaching her physical limit. She had to ask.
“Where are we going?” Maya panted.
After a long moment John replied, “We’re circling the park. We have to keep moving until we meet with the others at dusk.”
“John, I don’t think I can keep this up much longer.”
John slowed to a stop and thought a moment. They had been walking for a good amount of time, and should have outpaced any search party by at least an hour. Resting for a short while wouldn’t prove fatal. He took a breath to relax and realized he was still holding Maya’s hand after all this time. He quickly let go.
“We’ll rest here for half an hour. We still have another hour or two to go before dusk.”
“Thanks,” Maya smiled gratefully, rubbing her hand. She sat down and leaned her back against a tree. “Did you know that girl?”
“Why? Because she’s a demon too?”
“No,” answered Maya honestly, taking off a sneaker and searching for the rock in it. “It just felt like she knew you. At least, she didn’t seem to like you very much.”
John barked out a laugh at the understatement, startling Maya and himself as well. This was the first time she had heard him laugh, thought Maya. John turned away from Maya and cleared his throat.
“No, I didn’t know her.”
Silence again.
“Hey, John, why didn’t you chase after her? I bet she would have had some answers about your past. You said I only lead to more questions, right?” asked Maya, getting up.
“Chasing her wouldn’t have accomplished anything. She wanted to kill me, not answer my questions. Besides, I couldn’t leave you alone. Who knows what kind of trouble you’d get into?” he said dryly.
With a grin Maya crept up behind John, “Aw, you do care!”
Maya jumped on John’s back, bringing a startled cry from him followed by angry shouts of protest and threats. Maya laughed and hung on with all her might as John swung back and forth trying to shake her off.
“Take this!” she laughed, attacking his ears. John stopped fighting and fell to his knees.
“You…” John struggled to say, breathing heavily. “I’m going to kill you…”
“You know you like it,” smiled Maya. “You should just see your face.”
She did it again, thought John. Somehow this girl, this seemingly innocent girl, was able to subdue what monsters and demons couldn’t touch. How could a weapon as powerful as him be brought down by something like this?
A weapon? Why did…John couldn’t finish his thought. Drowsiness was overpowering him, and soon he was asleep.
Chapter Fourteen
(back to Table of Contents)
 
John heard a soft voice from within his dreams, “John…John, wake up.” The world slowly gathered around him as his awareness returned. “John, it’s time to go.” His head was resting on someone’s lap. John bolted upright as he suddenly remembered what happened to him. The person whose lap he had been resting his head on was snickering behind him now.
“You…you…” John struggled to find words to match his rage. “If you ever do that again I’ll break your fingers one by one, and then I’ll–”
“Ah, scary!” sang Maya in mock fear.
John clenched his teeth and stormed off, leaving Maya with a contented grin to scramble after him with the bags. Despite setting a pace which left Maya gasping for breath, by the time they reached their meeting point the sun had already set. Without pausing John walked across the busy street and jumped into a car parked along the side of the road.
Maya followed, barely having the energy left to be surprised at what she was climbing into. It was almost an exact replica of the Nicolas’s old car, right down to the rust.
“I’m not even going to ask how you found this,” said Maya breathlessly, picking up Sphinx and slumping into the back seat.
“Pretty sweet, huh?” asked Nicolas. “Had to go all the way back to the slums to find someone who would take the truck no questions asked, and, what do you know, he had this baby in the lot! Even trade, too! Can you believe it?”
“No, I can’t,” Maya said dryly, sure the truck was worth at least ten times that of the junk heap in which she was sitting.
“So what took you so long? I figured you’d be back long before us.”
“We ran into an acquaintance of John’s and had to hide for a while.”
“The army?” Nicolas asked nervously as he started the car.
Maya shook her head, “A demon.”
“A new enemy, wonderful,” thought Nicolas bitterly. “We better get moving.”
“Where are we going?” Maya asked as Nicolas put the convertible in gear and pulled onto the road.
“For now we’re going to an inn back in the slums to lie low for a while. We’ll let D work on his project and Dog Boy can look into that acquaintance of his. That work for you?” he asked John.
John didn’t reply, but kept staring at the passing city scenery.
“John said not to worry about the demon; she probably wouldn’t answer our questions anyway.”
“She? Hm, I guess there would be she-demons too…”
Dmitri gave his brother a concerned, sideways glance then returned to working on the hardware in his lap.
 
* * *
 
To the west of the Silver City, in the countryside far removed from the nearest town, was a simple wooden house that looked as though it could collapse at any moment. Outside on the front porch were three men. Corporal Ryan Adams stood to the side holding an unopened beer, trying not to appear too interested in the conversation between Captain Perry and Van Gerhardt. The two were sitting in a pair of rocking chairs with a cooler full of ice and beer between them, talking about their days together in something called Special Weapons Development.
Adams was still amazed by the stark differences between the two, surprised that they could even be acquaintances. Captain Perry was in his impeccable black suit, apparently unbothered by the midday autumn heat of Tasmuarona, and just starting his second beer. Next to him, Van Gerhardt wore a pair of jeans and a stained sleeveless shirt, working on a rather tall pyramid of cans.
“I don’t like your friend,” stated Van after a break in the conversation. “What kind of man won’t drink a free beer? And he hasn’t said a word since he got here. He stupid or something?”
“Extremely. He has a habit of putting his foot in his mouth. I told him he couldn’t talk if he was going to tag along.”
“Why’d you bring him then?”
“He can be useful if he doesn’t think too much. He’s probably a better shot than you.”
Van burst into laughter, “I think he likes you, boy! Lean over here and give him a big kiss! You always were a softy, Johannes!”
Perry smiled politely as Van’s rolling laughter continued. He took another sip of his beer and looked meaningfully into the distance, “Van, do you remember the last project you were working on?”
“Get the hell off my porch,” ordered Van, suddenly turning sour. He started to rise from his chair.
“Your sons have gotten themselves mixed up with it.”
Van froze, “That bastard Heisenberg hasn’t…?”
“No, but some of his experiments have made their way outside the lab. Your sons have one with them now. They’re causing a lot of problems for us. I thought I’d let you know before they got themselves killed,” Perry explained, conscious that just a day ago he had been more than willing to point his gun at them.
Van’s eyes narrowed as he sat back down and turned to Captain Perry, “And what do you want from me?”
“I just need you to separate them from the experiment.”
“You know they won’t listen to me.”
“I didn’t say you have to talk them down. You’re their father, do what you must to keep them safe.”
“And what will you do?”
“Heisenberg has given up on the escaped experiments, which either means he’s found something more interesting with which to occupy his time or he’s actually finished. He doesn’t understand that we still need to keep them out of the public eye, though. I’m going to hunt them down until I get new orders.” Captain Perry drained his beer and got up to leave, “They’re in the Silver City. You should hurry before they move again.”
“Always the softy…” Van said quietly, his smile didn’t reach his eyes.
Captain Perry motioned the corporal to follow and the two left the man to his drink.
 
* * *
 
Sitting in the passenger seat of the jeep watching the scenery go by, Corporal Adams was bursting with questions. What were Special Weapons? What could the Captain and that Khentian have worked on together? What experiments? Were these monsters and gang members they were hunting actually part of some military experiment? He gathered up his courage and turned to the Captain who was driving.
“Capt–,” before he could start, Captain Perry cut him off.
“Before you ask anything, I’ll remind you once again, you’ll never be able to go back once you know. You’re in one hundred percent or not at all. And you can never tell a soul about this. These are state secrets, I’m telling you only because you’re already deep in it and I’ll need that trigger finger of yours.”
“Yes, sir. I’m ready, sir. I want to know.”
“Alright,” Captain Perry exhaled. “Special Weapons Development is the brain-child of one man: Doctor Henrick Heisenberg…”
 
* * *
 
Outside the Silver City, in the second floor room of a ratty motel, Dmitri was reading through lines of text and numbers in a context indecipherable by anyone but the programmer. And, of course, Dmitri. He had been working on his new computer for days. Three monitors had scrolling text running up them, and wires ran all across the room. Maya, with Sphinx in her lap, played cards with Nicolas while waiting for Dmitri to find something. Anything.
“I hope you appreciate all the trouble I’m going through for this,” grunted Dmitri.
“I’ll be appreciative when you get me the information,” replied John, watching over Dmitri’s shoulder.
Dmitri sat back and sighed, “Finished.”
“Find anything?” asked Nicolas, perking up.
“Most of it is garbage. The heat from the fire distorted a lot of the data, but I was able to pull one thing off: an IP address. The last thing on the drive is the record of a file being sent out.”
“What does that mean?”
“I can use it to find a physical address.”
“Nice one, D!”
“Thanks, I do basically win at the internet,” Dmitri told them proudly.
“Well, where is it?” demanded John.
“Well, this one is a little different.” Dmitri paused and adjusted his glasses for dramatic effect, “It’s a Khentian address.”
“Khent!” gasped Maya. “Why would they send something there?”
“I believe that when the fire broke out they sent all their information to a new facility in Khent. That’s where we’ll find the people who know of John’s past and the reason behind the demons’ emergence.”
“But why would the Tasmuaronan military work be working with Khent?” asked Maya.
“Good question,” Nicolas said, “Maybe it’s more than the military we’re dealing with. Or maybe it’s something big enough to bring two enemies together like this.”
“That doesn’t matter,” said John straightforwardly. “All I care about is recovering my memories, not solving political mysteries. Now get up, Khent is a long way away.”
“We’re going to Khent?!” Maya exclaimed.
John blinked, “Obviously.”
“I’ll need to be on the Khentian information network to narrow down the address,” explained Dmitri. “I can only do that in Khent.”
“But we’ll be killed on sight! Everyone in Khent carries a gun, you know! If they see Tasmuaronans they’ll definitely kill us!”
“Maya,” sighed Nicolas. “Don’t tell me you believe in all that propaganda about Khent.”
“What?”
“Not everyone in Khent carries a gun, and they don’t kill people on sight for being Tasmuaronan. Besides, how would they tell the difference between a Khentian and a Tasmuaronan?”
“Yeah, can you tell the difference between us?” asked Dmitri.
“The difference between us?” repeated Maya.
“Yup, we’re Khentian. Do we look any different from you?”
Maya did a double-take, “You’re Khentian?!”
“Um, yeah, didn’t we tell you? I’m pretty sure we did…” said Dmitri looking to his brother who just shrugged.
“No!”
“Is it a problem?”
“Well…no, I guess not…” said Maya, pausing to think about it. She put her fingers to her temples, “But I still wish you would have told me.” Recovering from her shock, she asked, “Okay, well, how are we going to get to Khent?”
“By crossing the Vahren Barrier, how else?”
“But the pass was closed decades ago, and even I know it’s heavily guarded.”
“We’ll take a smuggling route,” Nicolas told her matter-of-factly.
“I’m tempted to ask how you know all this.”
“Well, most of it is common sense,” he stated, smiling apologetically.
“And the rest you come to know from living on the wrong side of the law,” Dmitri said with a smile, pushing his glasses up again.
Nicolas sighed at his brother then said, “I’m going to the car to grab a map, and we’ll figure out how to get to Khent from here.”
Nicolas walked to the door, opened it, and froze. A man sat on the rail outside their door. He had lean features and thinning brown hair. He wore a stained pair of jeans and an old T-shirt, and was smoking a cigarette.
“…why are you here?” Nicolas asked dumbly, eyes wide.
“To see my boys, of course. I heard you were in town and getting yourselves into trouble,” he smiled.
Van flicked away his cigarette and took a step toward the door. Nicolas slammed a hand against the doorframe, barring his path. “Leave.”
“Come on, don’t be so cold to your father,” said Van, placing a hand on Nicolas’s shoulder.
Nicolas reacted instantly, swinging a fist and yelling, “You’re not my father!”
Van ducked under the wild swing and planted a palm in Nicolas’s chest, sending his son flying back into the room. “Didn’t I teach you not to let your emotions control you? You’ve gotten weak, Nicolas.”
“What do you want?” asked Dmitri timidly, keeping behind John while trying not to appear frightened.
Van smiled at his youngest son and stepped into the room, “I’m taking you boys back before you get yourselves hurt.”
“Don’t pretend you suddenly care about us,” grunted Nicolas, getting to his hands and knees. “You never cared about any of us. You only cared about your work. First you dragged us from our home, and then you left us for your work, and when you came back…you killed Mom!”
Nicolas launched himself from his crouched position into a flurry of punches, much better aimed and more controlled than his last attack. However, Van still managed to dodge and block each attack. With a short kick to the knee he broke Nicolas’s stance and aimed a fist at his son’s jaw, but something caught his eye.
The boy behind them in the leather jacket with wild black hair suddenly had a tail and wolf-like ears. He was glaring at him with a look somehow both calm and murderous. Nicolas took that split second to recover and planted an uppercut on his father’s chin, knocking him out of the room. Nicolas walked to the door to stand in front of his father who had one arm draped over the rail and a hand on his chin. He was still smiling.
“Looks like you’ve been practicing,” Van smiled. “But you haven’t improved much either. I’m going to need a drink for this. I’ll be back, and then I’ll be bringing you home with me. I’m not much of a father, but I’m not going to let my sons hang around a monster.”
Van Gerhardt got to his feet and walked away, leaving his sons trembling both with fear and rage. Once he was out of sight Nicolas turned to the others and said, “Get your things together, we’re leaving. Now.”
Dmitri ran to his computer and started taking things apart while Nicolas walked over to help. Maya stood and watched him walk past her.
“Nicolas,” she began. Nicolas looked up at her with an expression so emotionally drained that Maya’s words caught in her throat.
He couldn’t let her console him; he had to stay strong for Dmitri. He simply said, “We’ll talk later.”
Maya followed him and helped pack their things. John went to shut the door, taking the opportunity to scan the area once more for good measure. Just as he was about to close the door his eyes caught someone standing at the street corner wrapped tightly in a cloak and hood despite the autumn heat. John watched the familiar figure looking back at him until Maya called him in to help.
Chapter Fifteen
(back to Table of Contents)
 
Nicolas cursed and kicked his car, “He slashed my tires! No wonder he left so quietly.” Nicolas thought for a while in silence, standing in front of the car in the inn’s makeshift parking lot, which was actually just an empty, grassy space across the narrow road.
“Can we get another ride?” hoped Dmitri.
“Not enough time to get one legally, not enough cash to get one illegally.”
“Can we steal one?”
“Dmitri!” Maya scolded, but she saw the desperate look on his face and let it drop.
“Not in broad daylight. Besides, I’m rethinking our strategy…” Nicolas said after some thought. “I’m going to get us new tires, so pack everything in the car. John is going to drive the two of you out of here…and I’m going to avenge Mom.”
Nicolas was immediately assaulted with protests.
“You can’t seriously be saying you’re going to kill your dad!”
“I’m not leaving here without you!”
“You really want me to drive your car again?”
“Shut up!” shouted Nicolas. “I’ve made my decision. It’s final.”
“Since when are you the boss of me?” asked Maya, “I’m not going to leave you to fight your own father.”
“‘The boss of me?’ What are you, six years old?” Nicolas asked, shaking his head. “Look, Maya, this isn’t something you would understand. Please, just take Dmitri and keep him safe.”
“You’re making decisions for me again,” grumbled Dmitri with his arms folded. “I’m not going anywhere without you. Especially if you’re fighting for Mom. Especially if you’re fighting him.”
“Listen, people,” pleaded Nicolas. “This is something I have to do alone.”
“Why?” asked John.
“Not you, too,” sighed Nicolas.
John shrugged, “Simple tactics. Bring more people to the fight than your enemy.”
“I’m doing this to protect them! It doesn’t make any sense if they’re where the danger is!”
“If you have that little faith in your fighting skills, at least have some faith in mine.”
Nicolas looked at him incredulously, “You’re saying you’ll help me?”
“No, but if Maya’s staying I’ll protect her. If that means your brother is protected too, so be it.”
Nicolas looked around and saw the determination in everyone’s eyes, “Okay, I lose.” He pointed a long finger at John, “But you’d better keep your word, demon.”
“I don’t know about you, but I’m not so pathetic I’d lose to someone like him,” said John, turning back to the inn with Maya and Dmitri.
Smiling, Nicolas whispered quietly to himself, “Thanks, guys.”
 
* * *
 
Nicolas sat on the hood of his car watching the road for any sign of his father. Not a single person had come down that street all evening. He clutched his staff in both hands and periodically looked down at the end concealing the spear tip. Footsteps approached. Nicolas looked across the street to see Maya walking toward him from the inn carrying a glass of water.
“I thought you might be thirsty out here,” she said taking a seat next to him.
“I asked you to stay inside with Dmitri,” replied Nicolas, taking the glass anyway.
“I know. I’ll go back in soon. I just wanted to talk to you for a bit.”
“You’re not going to change my mind. This is for Dmitri’s sake as much as for my mother.”
“Do you really think your mom would be happy to see you commit the same sin as your father? Killing someone?” she asked.
“He shot her right in front of me. How can I forget that? How can I forgive that?”
“I’m not asking you to forgive him. I’m asking you to be better than him.” Maya hopped off the car, took a few steps clasping her hands behind her back, and then turned around to face Nicolas. “I know you’re better.”
“You’re really selfish…asking me to give up on my revenge for your moral principles,” he said.
“They wouldn’t be principles if I didn’t stick to them,” Maya replied, grinning.
“Maya–” Nicolas’s smile faltered as something down the road caught his attention. “Get back inside.”
Maya looked in the direction of his gaze. A figure appeared at the end of the road, slowly approaching them. With a nod to Nicolas, she ran back to the inn. Nicolas watched as she ran up the stairs and into their room. Then he stood up with his staff in his hand and walked into the middle of the road to intercept his father.
Van stopped a dozen paces from his son. Slurring his words slightly, he asked, “So this is your decision?”
Nicolas didn’t answer.
“Heh, knew you wouldn’t run away. You are my son, after all.”
Nicolas inhaled to speak, but his words caught in his throat when Maya shouted from outside their room, “Kick his butt, Nic!”
Nicolas looked incredulously in her direction and saw Maya with Dmitri standing at the rail outside their room shouting encouragement at him. John was watching from behind them.
Nicolas sighed, what were they thinking? With a breath to clear his thoughts, he smiled and muttered to himself, “Selfish.”
A twist to the end of his staff released the spring inside and the spear tips sprung out, one straight out and two to the sides. With a flourish, he spun his spear around his back and then threw it to the side where it stuck straight up in the ground.
“Sure ya won’t need that?” asked Van.
“I’m more than enough to take you down myself,” Nicolas replied. “I’m going to make you tell me why you killed Mom.”
“I’ll tell you right now,” said Van. “It was for you.”
“What?” snapped Nicolas, clenching his fists and taking a furious step forward. “You’re actually going to use us as your excuse?!”
“You two were always my reason. We moved to Tasmuarona to give you a better life. I worked long, hard hours and eventually moved away for work to provide you financial security.” Van’s face hardened and his voice tightened, “It was your mother who betrayed us.”
At those words Nicolas ran at his father and assaulted him with a series of punches and kicks, shouting, “How dare you dirty her name?!”
“She was a spy! She used me!” Van countered, dodging and parrying Nicolas’s attacks. “She reported my work to Khent. If I hadn’t done anything we both would have been arrested and put to death, leaving you two without either parent! I had no choice!”
“You had a choice!” Nicolas yelled, forcing Van back with another ferocious series of jabs, “Why didn’t you run away with us? Or go back to Khent?”
Van responded with a fierce kick, forcing Nicolas to jump back to dodge it, “You don’t understand anything! That was the only way to keep you safe! Even your mother understood that!”
“What does that mean?” Nicolas growled, pausing his assault.
“When I confronted your mother about it, she didn’t deny it. In fact she was waiting for that day. Your mother was still a Khentian soldier despite everything we went through. When she stumbled across my research, she couldn’t help but relay that information to Khent.
Then the Tasmuaronan army found out about a leak and began to suspect us, being Khentian. Your mother and I talked and neither of us wanted you boys to live a life on the run. And we couldn’t go back to Khent since the pass had closed by then. It was your mom who convinced me that her death was the only way out. It would be her way of making amends for sabotaging our lives.”
“So you thought it was a reasonable plan and killed her right in front of me,” finished Nicolas. “But you couldn’t handle the guilt and turned to drinking, taking your frustrations out on me and Dmitri. Right?!”
Van’s expression remained one of grim determination, “I didn’t know you were there, but I won’t make any more excuses. I did what I did to protect you…despite the mistakes I made afterwards.”
“As I thought…” Nicolas said through gritted teeth, “I’ll never forgive you!”
Nicolas sprinted back to his father and the two continued their battle. But despite the fire burning in Nicolas, his father still seemed to be winning. Not one of Nicolas’s powerful attacks landed; however, Van’s seemed to connect almost every time.
Maya and Dmitri were watching anxiously, with John in the background paying minimal attention. Dmitri could not stand still. He gripped the rail tightly and stood on the balls of his feet, bouncing up and down lightly. John glanced down to Dmitri.
“He’s got power, but he’s slower than his father. He’s also focusing solely on offense and not defending,” commented John. “If just one of his attacks were to hit he might win...he could probably do it if he had his weapon.”
That was all Dmitri needed. He ran down the stairs, ignoring Maya’s shouts to come back. At that moment the worn out Nicolas took a devastating kick to his chest and was sent flying backwards. Gasping for breath, Nicolas lied on the ground too spent to move.
“So, that’s all you have?” asked Van in disappointment. “Let’s go. I have much more to teach you it seems.” Van walked over to Nicolas lying on the ground and kicked him, rolling him across the pavement. “Get up.”
“Leave Nic alone!” cried Dmitri, running to stand between his father and brother. Dmitri held Nicolas’s spear clumsily in his hands, pointing it at Van.
“So you want a fight too, huh?” threatened Van.
“No…” Nicolas moaned weakly.
Dmitri closed his eyes and ran at his father, who easily side-stepped the spear and kicked Dmitri, throwing him backwards. Van walked over to his two prone sons, but was forced to stop halfway.
“That’s enough,” said John, suddenly between the father and his sons.
Van spat, “What reason could a monster like you have to protect these two?”
“I’ve listened to your twisted logic and watched your hypocritical actions. I’ve got reason enough.”
“Why does a monster care at all? You were made to kill and destroy, don’t tell me Heisenberg created something with feelings,” he scoffed.
John froze, “You…know about me?”
“Of course, I was on the team of scientists to create the first chimera, the first twisted child of science born to start a new generation of warfare.”
“We were made for war? Who’s Heisenberg? What do you know?” demanded John.
Van smiled, “It seems you don’t know anything. Let’s make a deal: you stay out of my way, and I’ll answer all of your questions. How’s that?”
After several seconds of silence, Maya, who was kneeling over the two brothers checking their wounds, turned to John, “You’re not seriously considering that are you?”
“Shut up,” ordered John tersely. The answers were finally in front of him. His journey was almost over; he would soon know the secrets of his past. But could he trust this man?
“John!” shouted Maya.
John looked up to Van, “How’s this: you tell me what I want to know and I let you live.”
Van laughed crookedly, “That’s it. That’s more like the monster we created! No deal, boy. Now, I’ll put an end to your miserable mockery of a life!”
The two suddenly clashed, trading punches immediately. John was knocked back a few steps while the larger Van took the hit almost without flinching. Almost. John jumped back at him with two flying kicks, the first blocked and the second catching him in the chin. Van retaliated by feigning a kick and then bringing an elbow down hard on John. They continued exchanging blows, neither willing to back down.
Van then threw a heavy punch. Just barely avoiding it, John caught his fist under his arm. Claws dug into flesh, bringing a grunt of pain from Van. Van swung his other fist which was also caught by John. Both fighters held onto each other, locked together. Then, yelling to summon his energy, Van dropped down to head butt John.
The crack was heard down the street. Both John and Van staggered to their knees. And then Van collapsed. John struggled to his feet, wobbling a bit.
“Is it over?” asked Dmitri.
“Yeah, I think so,” answered Maya.
“Good,” he said, hopping to his feet, apparently recovered. “Nic, get up. It’s over.”
“I don’t wanna,” whined Nicolas. “I’ll have to thank John.”
“I don’t need your thanks. I’m doing this for myself,” growled John as he stepped over Van and knelt down. With a high back swing, John brought his hand down and slapped Van as hard as he could across the face. “Wake up!”
“Ow,” grunted Van.
John pulled the man up by his collar to face him, “Tell me! Who am I?”
“You’re a human chimera, designed to be the perfect fighting machine,” he groaned reluctantly. “Your sole purpose for existing is to kill and destroy. You were probably kidnapped from some hick town and brainwashed; had your body and mind tweaked and trained to the point of breaking.
That’s what he does, he experiments until he reaches the very limits and then moves onto the next. The man you want, the man who created you, is called Heisenberg. Is that enough?”
John dropped him and walked off, eyes distant, deep in thought. Van lay on the ground with his eyes closed. Every breath, every heartbeat made his head throb with pain. Footsteps approached him. It was the girl.
“Why did you do this? You clearly care for your sons,” she asked.
“There was no other way,” he sighed.
“I’d hate to live in your world where there’s always only one choice.”
Van gave a humorless laugh.
“Are you going to chase us?” Maya asked innocently.
“That would be futile, don’t you think? They’ll fight me again, and with that monster I’ll lose. Besides, I think with such a strong friend they won’t die so easily. I’ll tell you something good,” said Van with a grunt as he leaned on an elbow. His face coming so close Maya could smell the booze on his breath. “The army has given up chasing you. Right now it’s just one man and his sidekick hunting those monsters.”
Maya eyed him suspiciously, “Thanks for the information.” Turning to leave, she thought of something else and asked, “If the army isn’t chasing us anymore, what are you trying to protect your kids from?”
“I’ve known Heisenberg for a while now, and if I’m right and he has his way, the world will become a much different and much more dangerous place.” With that, Van lied back down and turned on his side, resting in the middle of the street. “Now, call me an ambulance,” he muttered. “Hitting my head that hard can’t be good for me.”
Maya left him and walked back to the inn with Nicolas and Dmitri. There they found John sitting in the corner, slumped against the wall with his head down. Maya gave Nicolas a concerned look, but he shook his head. Leaving John to his thoughts, Maya tended to the brothers’ wounds.
An hour passed in silence before Maya finally asked the question that was burning in everyone’s minds, “What will you do now, John?”
“I don’t know,” he answered quietly, frustrated.
“The army has stopped chasing us, but someone is still hunting you. We should probably keep moving, right?” she asked.
John remained silent.
“I know it must be a shock learning all of that about yourself, but we don’t think any different of you. You’re not a killing machine, John, you’re our friend! You–”
“Just shut up for once,” growled John. “You don’t understand anything!”
“Then explain it to me!” huffed Maya, growing impatient.
“I have nothing!” shouted John. “Learning all that didn’t do a thing for me! Instead, I lost my mission: finding out what I am. Now I have nothing left to live for.”
“You still have us,” replied Maya softly. “You still have me…”
John huddled closer into the corner and closed his eyes, “A lot of good that does me.”
Chapter Sixteen
(back to Table of Contents)
 
The next day, the four plus Sphinx, were in the car driving out of the Silver City on new wheels. Still without a definite plan, they simply traveled east, putting time and distance between them and yesterday. Dmitri sat up front with Nicolas, working on a new project, while Maya and John sat in the back. John had not said a word since last night.
A few hours out of the city and there was hardly another vehicle on the road. Few people other than transports traveled between the major cities. Even those in smaller towns only made trips outside their respective areas for special occasions or emergencies.
Suddenly Nicolas made a sharp turn off the road and onto a dirt path.
“What are you doing?” Maya shouted in surprise, bouncing up and down from the bumpy road.
“I think we’re being followed,” Nicolas yelled over the noise of the car on the dirt road.
Maya looked behind them and saw in the distance the only other person on the road turning to take the same country path. That person was riding a motorcycle, a helmet hiding their face and their cloak flapping in the wind. Nicolas pulled over.
“Now what are you doing?” Maya asked again.
“Confronting them,” Nicolas replied, watching the motorcycle come to a stop on the horizon, watching them in turn. “There’s only one of them, and I want to know who it is.”
“But what if it’s that demon hunter coming after John?”
“All the more reason to stop him now.”
Maya looked over at the motorcycle and saw the rider start up again, slowly approaching them. Nicolas got out of the car and stood in the middle of the road, waiting with his sectioned-staff in hand. Maya and Dmitri scrambled out and stood behind him, watching. The cloaked rider stopped a couple dozen paces away and dismounted. Nicolas watched as the rider approached, helmet still on and steel glinting from under the cloak.
“Who are you and what do you want?” demanded Nicolas.
Still walking, the rider pointed to John who sat in the backseat staring ahead and paying no attention to the conversation behind him.
“Sorry, but you’re going to have to go through me to get to him.”
The rider paused, finally speaking, “What? Why would you protect him?”
Nicolas raised his eyebrows at the feminine voice and then shrugged, “I’m not sure why. I guess I’m just repaying a debt.”
“So be it,” she growled. Reaching under her cloak she pulled out two sickles and began walking toward him again.
Nicolas gripped his sectioned-staff tightly, “I won’t go easy on you just because you’re a girl, demon.”
The rider suddenly burst into a sprint at him and struck with her sickles. Nicolas blocked with one end of his sectioned-staff and struck back with the other. She ducked and sliced at his feet with both weapons. Nicolas jumped over and back away from the strike, but before he could counterattack his opponent was already swinging again.
Maya and Dmitri ran out of the way as Nicolas was driven backwards past them. He was just barely managing to block the blur of her strikes. He pulled back as she punched with the butt of her weapon, but then with a flick of her wrist the blade came around. Nicolas turned his face just in time to avoid it, getting only a scratch across the cheek. However, the rider brought the other sickle up, catching Nicolas up the right side of his chest.
As Nicolas fell back he swung his sectioned-staff at his attacker. She caught the middle section easily with her sickle, but the end piece unexpectedly hooked around and slammed into her helmet. The impact cracked her visor. She took a step back and fell to a knee, holding a hand to her head. Nicolas sat on the ground holding his side with one hand, panting.
“Nic, are you okay?” asked his worried brother.
“Yeah, I’m good. Just a scratch,” he replied.
The rider took off her helmet, letting her bright red hair fall to her neck. 
“Wow,” breathed Nicolas, seeing his attacker for the first time. A trickle of blood ran down the side of her face – past two small horns – in stark contrast to her pale white skin. The nostrils of her small nose flared with her deep breaths as she tried to regain her sense of balance. Her cupid bow lips parted slightly as she began to speak.
“Stay out of my way, human!” she ordered, struggling to her feet. “Do you want to die for a monster like him?”
Nicolas remained silent, still stunned, so Dmitri spoke for him, “You’re the monster here, demon!”
“Quiet, child, before I kill you, too!” she hissed.
Maya stepped in front of Dmitri, shielding him, “We won’t let you hurt John. He’s our friend.”
“Look,” said the rider through clenched teeth. “I don’t want to kill you. I just want A9-13, that boy in the back of your car.”
“Like I said, I won’t give you John.”
“John? Is that what he’s calling himself?” she scoffed. “Well, you’re being deceived. He’s a backstabbing monster who will kill you as soon as he gets what he wants!”
“John has never lied to me! Sure he’s cold, really quick to anger, and he threatens us sometimes…” John’s ears flicked at the string of insults as Maya struggled to find something good to say. “But…but he’s never lied to us. He told me right away that he was only using me to recover his memories. He never pretended to like us.
I knew that, and I stuck with him anyway,” Maya said with tears coming to her eyes. “He’s my friend and I won’t let you call him a monster!” Maya tried to keep a resolute face while her tears flowed freely.
The rider stood motionless. Friends? What kind of joke was this? He’s just going to betray them like he did her. And what about ‘recovering his memories’? He must have told them he couldn’t remember anything to manipulate them for some reason. Amnesia was too convenient of an excuse. She had to destroy that monster before he could hurt anyone else.
“That’s enough, Maya,” John sighed, surprising everyone by coming out of his isolation. He stood up and stepped out of the convertible. “I don’t know what I did to you, but whatever it is there’s no reason to involve these people.”
“Do you think I’ll forgive you if you pretend to forget everything? You can die a liar, A9-13!”
She ran at John with surprising speed and swung her sickle. John didn’t make a move to stop her.  With the point of her blade at John’s neck, she stopped just before tearing his throat out. Blood trickled down his neck. The demon jumped back twice, putting distance between herself and John.
“What sort of game are you playing?” she asked, uncertainly. “Why don’t you defend yourself? Don’t tell me you feel sorry for what you did.”
“I can’t feel sorry for what I don’t remember. I just don’t have any reason to fight. I don’t have any reason to live.”
“John, don’t say that!” cried Maya. “Live for us! Live until your memories come back!”
“He’s lying to you!” exploded the rider. “There’s no way he just conveniently lost his memories!”
“He’s not lying! I saw him get shot in the head myself! Do you think he faked that too?”
“He…no…there’s no way!” she protested. Maya just stared defiantly at her until she dropped to her knees. “It’s not fair…it’s not fair.”
“We’re going to get John’s memories back,” said Maya after a moment, bringing a questioning look to everyone’s faces. “You still have a reason to live, John. You still need to find out who you were and if you had a family. Besides, didn’t Nicolas and Dmitri’s dad say that Heisenberg guy is plotting something? We need to stop him too, right?”
“Just how are you going to restore his memories?” asked Dmitri.
“We’re going to Khent. We’re going to follow every lead we have about John’s past and hopefully his memories return. And when they do,” Maya said, turning to the rider, “you can have your fight with him. So, will you help us?”
“What? You’re inviting her along with us?!” Dmitri exclaimed.
“Sure. She’s knows John from before he lost his memories, we’ll need her help to bring them back. And I’m sure that after spending some time together again they’ll clear up this misunderstanding and be friends again,” smiled Maya.
“Okay,” said the rider. “I’ll help John get his memories back. And when he remembers what he’s done…I’ll kill him.”
“Yay!” shouted Maya. “I’m not the only girl anymore!”
“So that was your motive,” Dmitri sighed. “Wait, am I the only one who has a problem with this?”
Nicolas, who had been strangely silent for the entire conversation, turned his face away, “Should be okay, right?”
Shocked, Dmitri had to be guided back to the car by Maya. For the rest of the day they drove in the direction of the Vahren Barrier with their new companion trailing them. Nicolas remained silent the entire time, grudgingly giving simple answers to any question he was asked and not looking anyone in the eye, but focusing on the road ahead. Dmitri worked angrily on his computer, fuming, while Maya and John talked quietly in the back about their new plans.
Maya struggled to keep her excitement in check. This was the most John had ever willingly spoken since she met him. And he was doing so with the most natural – or at least non-angry – expression she had ever seen. Albeit, his new expression was one of skepticism and tightly restrained optimism. She was, however, also slightly put off that no one else seemed to think stopping Heisenberg was a priority.
If he was as dangerous and powerful as Van said, they needed to do something about him. Though, Dmitri had a point. Several in fact. They didn’t know how to find this Heisenberg. Getting involved any further with the military may prove suicidal. And if he really was as dangerous and as powerful as Van said, how would they stop him?
As night fell Nicolas slowly become more like himself again and suggested that they stop for the night and find a place to camp. They pulled off the road and onto a piece of unclaimed land that was so common in Tasmuarona between the towns and cities. At the tree line they covered the car and motorcycle in branches so as not to be seen from the road and set up camp at a small clearing within the trees.
John kept to himself, as did the rider, while Nicolas and Dmitri started a small fire and Maya prepared their food. John stood against a tree keeping watch, while the rider sat alone inspecting her sickles on the other side of the camp. Once Maya had their food on the fire she left it to cook and walked over to sit next to their new member.
“So what’s your name?” Maya asked.
“I’m called A8-07,” she replied reluctantly.
“Oh…and what’s that mean?”
“Assassin class, rank eight, seventh attempt.”
“Rank in what? What attempt?”
She gave an exasperated sigh, “We’re ranked by fighting aptitude. I was the seventh attempt to make me; meaning the other six attempts died or were otherwise deemed failed.” She paused, “Why are you asking me all this? In fact, why am I answering you in the first place?”
“She has a knack for getting people to talk,” muttered John.
“It’s to find a way to get John’s memories back, remember?” said Maya.
“I suppose,” the girl said, suspiciously.
Several moments passed in silence until Maya spoke up, “How about Tara? I’ve always wanted a friend named Tara.”
Another moment passed before the demon realized Maya was looking in her direction, “Are you talking about me?”
“Yeah, we can’t just call you ABC123 can we?”
The girl glowered at Maya with her red eyes then returned to servicing her blades, “Call me whatever you want.”
Maya laughed, “You sound like John did when I first met him.”
“That doesn’t make me particularly happy.”
“So what did I do to you?” asked John gruffly, staring into the fire.
Tara turned her glare on him and answered, “You tried to kill me.”
“Why?”
“I assume it’s because you were finished using me.”
“Tara, can you tell us everything? We don’t know what will trigger John’s memories,” pleaded Maya.
Tara exhaled and crossed her arms, “A9-13 and I –”
“John and I,” interjected Maya with a smile.
“John and I,” corrected Tara, returning her fiery-eyed scowl to Maya, “trained together after we were created. Even though I was older and was only one rank under him, he excelled far past me in everything from combat to espionage. I admired him, I envied him, I…” she stopped and sighed with frustration. “All of this doesn’t matter. What matters is that while we were training together, we were also trying to find a way to escape.
A week or two ago, John said our chance would be coming very soon. I didn’t know how he knew, he wouldn’t tell me, but I trusted him. However, three days before we had planned to escape John was taken in for sleep training. They were going to put him under for a week and implant knowledge directly into him.
The day of the escape came, and just as John said all of the security systems went offline and every door was opened for us. I searched everywhere for John. When I found him he was at the lowest level, naked and covered in blood, tearing the place apart. I had to drag him away kicking and screaming. I thought he had gone completely insane.
But when the alarms for the fire cleansing began he seemed to snap out of it. After that we fought our way out of the facility. We barely managed to make it out before the fire hit. And when at last we made it outside it looked like we were finally free.
But then, instead of celebrating with me, John took one of my sickles and grabbed my hand. I didn’t understand what was going on. He suddenly threw me to the ground and struck me in the head with my blade.” Tara pulled up her bangs, showing Maya the still healing wound left on her forehead between her horns.
After that he ran off, leaving me to die. I managed to crawl past the tree line and hide before the grounds security could find me. There I passed out. After I regained consciousness I focused on finding John and exacting my revenge,” Tara finished, biting her last words.
“Well,” said Maya, fidgeting in her seat, “That certainly doesn’t sound too good for you, John.”
“No, it doesn’t,” he agreed.
Chapter Seventeen
(back to Table of Contents)
 
The next day passed uneventfully. Nicolas remained silent most of the time. Maya played with Sphinx while John stared out of the car. And Dmitri spent his time with his laptop, keeping an eye on the news for any new reports of demons, gangs, military movement, and so on.
According to most legitimate channels, gang fights, animal attacks, and natural disasters were occurring more frequently. According to less reputable sources, the Tasmuarona Royal Armed Forces were building up their strength along the Vahren Barrier. And according to the least reasonable sources, a Khentian gang called the Demonhead Clan was attempting to overthrow the Tasmuaronan Empire from within.
Dmitri rolled his eyes at that last piece of information. When he looked up from his laptop to rest his eyes he saw an enormous wall across the horizon reaching into the clouds, grayed and fuzzy from the distance. The Vahren Barrier: the mountain range that stretched from the northern oceans of ice and glaciers to the tropical southern seas, splitting the entire continent in two.
Nicolas started to slow down and pulled off to the side of the road, prompting Dmitri to ask, “What are you doing?”
“Look behind us,” he replied.
Dmitri and Maya looked to their rear and saw behind Tara a flashing red light in the distance. Police or military they couldn’t tell which yet. Maya began hitting the back of Nicolas’s seat.
“Why are you stopping? We have to run!” she exclaimed.
“What if it’s just a routine check?” he countered from his rocking seat. “If we run we’ll only look suspicious. It’s better to play along this time.”
Maya watched nervously as the car approached, but when it passed them without slowing she breathed a sigh of relief. The car was leading a procession of black government vehicles, all with red lights flashing somewhere on them. Once they passed, Nicolas turned back to Maya.
“See? Nothing to worry about,” he said, looking behind them to the setting sun. “Now let’s start looking for a place to camp for tonight.”
Night was upon them by the time they found a suitable place and set up camp similar to the one the night before. John stood alone at the edge of the camp looking toward the mountains. Tara joined the others at the fire this time, playing with Sphinx while Maya watched happily. Nicolas sat next to Dmitri staring into the fire.
“It’ll take another day to reach the barrier,” mumbled Nicolas to no one in particular. “We’ll meet with a friend of mine tomorrow night and he’ll show us to the pass.”
“What’s been with you lately?” Dmitri asked his brother. “You’re acting really weird.”
“I’m not…acting weird,” said Nicolas, looking away.
“You’re definitely being weird,” Maya told him while still watching Sphinx.
Still playing with their demon pet, Tara said, “He’s probably just embarrassed about getting beat by a girl.”
“Ha!” barked Dmitri. “That was a draw and you know it! And calling yourself a girl? Don’t make me laugh! As if anyone would mistake you for a girl, demon.”
Dmitri opened his mouth to carry on his tirade, but all that came out was a surprised yelp as Nicolas grabbed his arm and dragged him out of the campsite. Maya and Tara watched perplexed as they disappeared into the night. Several moments later, a loud “What?!” exploded from behind the trees, scaring several birds from their perches and into the night sky.
Nicolas clamped a hand over his brother’s mouth, “Quiet! Do you want everyone to find out?”
Dmitri pulled Nicolas’s hand off his mouth and whispered harshly to him, “You’re in love with her? You’ve barely just met her! And, not to mention, she’s a demon! She almost killed you!”
“That’s my problem! I don’t know how I can feel this way about a demon, but I’ve never felt this way about anyone before!”
“You feel that way about every woman you meet! What about Beth from Rowanwood? All those girls you hit on every day in Sarcona? The vending machines you practice your lines on??”
“Like I said, this is different!”
“Well get over it! It’s a crime against nature, there’s no way it’ll work out, and there’s no way she’ll ever have mutual feelings for you. Got it?”
Nicolas turned away and clicked his tongue, “Should’ve asked Maya.”
“Yeah, sure, here’s what she’ll say: ‘Congratulations! Love is so wonderful! Species doesn’t matter, go for it!’” said Dmitri in his best mock Maya voice.
Ignoring him, Nicolas walked back to the camp with Dmitri following, shaking his head. He sat down at the fire again and looked around. Maya and Tara only gave him a passing, curious glance before returning their attention to Sphinx. Nicolas looked at John and met his gaze. John smirked.
No way! Did he actually hear their conversation? Nicolas cursed, remembering John’s demonic ears. Wait, did Tara have superhuman hearing too? Did she hear their conversation?
Dmitri glanced over and sighed at his brother hanging his head and mumbling to himself.
 
* * *
 
They drove late into the night along the base of the mountains; Nicolas was determined to get to his destination that day. The nearest rocky peak was silhouetted against the moon. Waking early that morning, they had reached the base of the mountain range at sunset and then turned south to follow the natural border. As night passed, they drove through countless small towns. Each one appeared to be deserted.
“How much farther?” asked Dmitri sleepily.
“About ten minutes,” his brother replied.
“Will this guy even remember you? It’s been three years since we’ve last been down this way. I don’t remember meeting anyone like who you described.”
“You wouldn’t remember. There were some places you were too young to take along back then. But I like to think I leave behind a strong impression. He’ll remember me.”
A little later they finally reached their destination, a rundown bar at a nondescript town’s only traffic light. In the middle of the dark, desolate town, the only lights came from that one establishment. Nicolas and Tara parked their vehicles and the party went to the heavy wooden door where Nicolas knocked loudly.
“We’re closed!” came a shout from inside.
Nicolas pounded on the door more fervently with a roguish grin. After a moment they heard a bolt being slammed back from the other side of the door.
“I said we’re closed!” said the voice again as the door opened. A bearded, heavy-set, middle aged man with freckles and red hair – more orange than Tara’s vibrant, blood-red hair – poked his head through the crack. At first he looked confused seeing a group of kids at his bar door, and then, upon seeing Nicolas standing in front, his eyes grew wide in recognition.
“Crap!” he exclaimed, slamming the door closed.
“I’d say he definitely remembers you,” quipped Dmitri.
Nicolas sighed and with a spinning back kick struck the door with a loud crack. The door shuddered and then slowly fell open, broken off its hinges. Nicolas walked in followed hesitantly by Maya and Dmitri, and then Tara – covered by her cloak – and John.
They found the man behind his bar counter with a shotgun pointed at them. Nicolas immediately flung his collapsed staff at the man, knocking him back with a crash into the glasses and bottles that lined the shelves behind him.
“Damn it, Clarence! You know better than to point one of those things at me!” shouted Nicolas.
The man got up and slammed his gun on the counter, “What did you expect? Last time you were here you got me shot at and put on the military’s most wanted list!”
“Oh come on, Dmitri took care of that as soon as you were put on it. You’re living a comfortable life here because of us.”
“All he did was change the photo! I still had to change my name and move out of my home! And it’s Clint now. Don’t be calling me Clarence around here.”
“Clint? Well that’s a much better name than Clarence; you should be thanking us for the opportunity.”
Clint grit his teeth and squeezed the shotgun in his hands, a vein in his forehead pulsing. Just when Maya was afraid he would explode he hung his head and exhaled.
“Put the door back up and come on in. No use in getting caught by the army for being out past curfew.”
“Curfew?” asked Dmitri.
“The army’s been building up around the Barrier. Set up a curfew for citizens and even evacuated some towns closer to the Pass. I don’t know what’s going on, but you’re lucky you didn’t get hauled in for questioning being out this late.”
Clint gathered some glasses and dug around in the small refrigerator behind the counter saying, “Have a seat, I’ll fix you something.”
They all sat around a wooden table in the middle of the room. The bar itself was small, dark, and reeked of cheap cigar smoke. Dmitri rubbed his hands together eagerly, never having been to a bar before. Though he was rather disappointed at what Clint served them.
“Milk?”
“Best thing for growing young kids like you,” Clint told him.
Nicolas looked down at his glass, “Why do I get water?”
“You’ve grown enough, you tall freak. Now, tell me why you’re here.”
“We need your help. We’re kind of in the middle of this mess the military is making,” said Nicolas, taking a sip of his water.
“That’s what you get for rebelling against the Tasmuaronan army. Not that I don’t understand your reasons. But why Khent? Surely you’re not that desperate.”
“How’d you know we want to go to Khent?”
“You’re in trouble with the whole empire and you’re asking for help in the borderlands,” Clint explained. “It doesn’t take a genius to figure it out.”
“Well, we’ve made friends with the trouble,” Nicolas said, pointing a thumb at John, “We’re helping this guy hunt down a friend of his, and hopefully put a stop to whatever he’s planning.”
“Hm, saving the world, huh? I like it. And if it puts the army’s collective panties in a bunch, you can count me in.”
“That was unexpectedly easy,” Dmitri said, genuinely surprised. “Usually we’d have to fight someone or something to get what we wanted.”
“Well, it’s not like you’re asking for anything impossible. And getting you out of here gives the army one less excuse to come knocking at my door. For now, how about you introduce me to your friends? They haven’t said a word since you got here,” Clint smiled.
Maya immediately jumped up, almost spilling her milk, “I’m sorry, we should’ve introduced ourselves earlier. I’m Maya, this is John, and she’s Tara. Don’t mind them, they’re just shy.”
Clint laughed and stretched out to shake her hand, “Don’t worry about it. We didn’t really give you a chance to speak in the first place. Nice to meet you, Maya…John…Tara…”
Neither John nor Tara returned his handshake. Tara didn’t even look at him, but kept herself bundled in her cloak, hiding her features.
“Oh, right. Shy…” Clint gave up on John and Tara and turned to Nicolas, wrapping a big arm around his neck and pulling him close with a grin, “So, which one of these girls are you going after? The brunette or the mystery girl?”
“Neither, you old pervert. Maya’s too young, and besides, she’s not my type. And Tara…has extenuating circumstances.”
“Boyfriend, huh? Well that’s never stopped you before.”
Nicolas pushed Clint off of him and turned back to the table, loudly steering the conversation back to business, “So what’s the plan for tomorrow?”
Sighing disappointedly, Clint replied, “I’ll draw you a map to a smuggler’s route the military hasn’t gotten their hands on yet. It’s the only one left wide enough to drive through. You can go in the morning after curfew breaks. It’s only about an hour south of here. But getting back to business, tell me more about yourselves. I’m interested in what kind of friends this idiot has.”
They spent the next few hours talking into the early morning. Maya told Clint their entire story starting from when she met John. She told him that John and Tara had escaped from an organization that trained them since birth as assassins and were now working to take vengeance on the man who led the program. She earned a kick under the table from John whenever she got too close to the truth, whenever her story got too ridiculous, or just whenever he felt like it.
Then Clint related his story of how he met Nicolas: Nicolas had charged brazenly into Clint’s original bar one day three years ago asking around for information on smugglers. Clint quickly took the young Nicolas behind the bar and scolded him for saying things that could so easily get him arrested by the military or killed by smugglers.
However, Nicolas told Clint about how he ran away from his abusive father with his little brother, looking for any way to get back at the Grand Empire of Tasmuarona for his unfortunate situation while earning money to feed themselves. Upon hearing his sad tale, Clint, whose bar was actually just a front for his smuggling trade, took Nicolas under his wing and had him help in his smuggling for a few weeks to earn some money.
Nicolas thought to make more money by getting into the sale of stolen military equipment. He stole the smuggling operation’s money and bought the shipment he planned to resell. He returned to Clint and the smugglers hoping to explain his idea and start trade with Khent, but the shipment turned out to be a trap set by the army.
Once he got to the smugglers’ hideout they were ambushed. Nicolas and Clint managed to get away by driving the semi-trailer of goods through the military barricade. But after that they parted ways and had not seen each other since.
Maya was listening to the story avidly while Tara wandered behind the bar reading the bottles kept on the shelves. By this time, Nicolas had taken Dmitri upstairs to sleep in one of the rooms above the bar. John had retreated to a corner of the room and was sleeping in a sitting position with his knees pulled up to his chest.
“So why were you in that forest when you met John?” asked Clint. “You don’t have to tell me if you don’t want to, it just seemed like a strange place to start in your story.”
“Well,” said Maya, looking away with a forlorn expression, “I didn’t want to bring everyone down. The truth is my parents were killed by the assassins trained by John and Tara’s organization two years ago. I had run away from the orphanage to look for the ones responsible for their deaths so I could avenge them. It must be fate that brought me and John together…”
Maya gave a sad laugh, “Sorry for the abridged version. I’m kind of tired and don’t really want to relive all that tonight.”
“Don’t worry about it,” said Clint, putting his big hand on her shoulder. “You’re a brave girl. You go upstairs and get some sleep; you have an early day tomorrow.”
“Okay, good night,” she said.
“Good night.”
Maya walked to the stairs in the back of the bar, stepping past Tara who had lied down against the wall and curled up in her cloak. Clint turned off the lights in the bar. And in the corner, unnoticed by everyone, John clenched his fists.
Chapter Eighteen
(back to Table of Contents)
 
Maya and Dmitri dragged their feet downstairs the next morning where they were greeted with an irritatingly energetic “Good morning!” by Clint. They sat down at the table with Nicolas and Tara and ate a breakfast of unsweetened cereal and fruit. John ignored Maya’s calls to join them and remained seated in the corner of the room near the broken door.
After their meal, and with much thanks and cheerful goodbyes, the party took to the road led by a surprisingly well drawn map showing them how to get through the pass and to the next town in Khent. The next hour passed slowly for Maya as she watched the passing scenery of forested mountainside. She tried striking up a conversation with John, but he seemed to be ignoring her for some reason.
Dmitri always took the conversation in difficult directions concerning his own projects and speculations on the technical aspects of creating chimeras like John and Tara. And Nicolas seemed to have something on his mind. He would answer questions happily enough, but was lacking on the supply side of the conversation.
Nicolas turned sharply off the road, having almost missed their turn. The dirt path had no markers, and littered with fallen leaves and overgrown with grass and weeds, it was almost indiscernible. They drove through the woods that separated the mountains and the highway, gradually climbing higher and higher as if they were actually going to drive over the steep peaks of the Vahren Barrier.
For more than an hour they drove slowly through the woods trying to stay on the faint path ahead of them. The trees began to grow smaller and more sparse, and the path became harder and harder to detect as the dirt turned to gravel and stone. In the distance a great split in the mountain face became visible through the trees.
The crack in the otherwise perfect wall of rock was where two separate mountains met, their peaks rising high into the clouds at impossibly steep angles. This narrow fissure was one of the passes used by smugglers trading everything from food to weapons. The path wound around a grove of scraggly saplings struggling to hang on to a small patch of earth in the rock face.
Driving around and turning toward the opening, they were suddenly met with the gaping maw of the pass. The domineering walls of sheer granite towered over them as they entered the gap. An oppressive silence gathered. Only the motors of their vehicles were heard echoing through the pass.
Hours dragged on as they drove slowly up the mountain path. And as they approached the horizon a strange spectacle awaited them. A perfect sphere made of a shiny, smooth metal sat on the top of the hill. It was almost as tall as Nicolas. The five stopped at the obstruction in the road.
“I don’t know what it is, but I don’t like it,” said Nicolas, getting out of the car. “Just one weird thing after another.”
“Careful,” Dmitri warned. “Something about this doesn’t feel right. Why would this be the only route the army hasn’t touched? It could be a trap…”
“Why would you wait until now to bring that up?” asked Nicolas offhandedly as he approached the object. He tapped it. Nothing happened.
“Doesn’t seem like it’s going to do anything, but it’s in the way at any rate.” He gave it a shove, trying to push it down the slope and out of their way. It didn’t budge.
“John, help me out here,” asked Nicolas.
John got out of the convertible and stalked slowly to Nicolas. With a mighty punch he hit the object as hard as he could, but instead of rolling away as he’d hoped, a long straight crack appeared down the center of it.
“You broke it,” stated Nicolas.
The crack opened wider, forming a long opening from which a camera extended. It focused on John and after a moment the machine began to beep. And beep. And beep. After a few moments the boys decided it would not do anything else and began looking for alternative ways of moving it.
“Ram it with the car,” suggested John.
Nicolas looked back at his vehicle, not readily willing to use his newly acquired car in such a brutal fashion.
“Oh, no. Don’t do that,” said a bubbly voice from the sphere.
John and Nicolas jumped back, Nicolas grabbing his collapsed staff from his belt.
“Who’s there?” Nicolas asked, warily.
“Sorry I’m late,” the voice answered, ignoring the question. “You caught me in the middle of some business.” The camera focused. “A9-13! I’ve finally found you! You’ve been causing a lot of problems, but I’ll forgive you since you supply such splendidly interesting data.”
“Who are you?” John demanded. “How do you know me?”
“How do I know you? I created you!” the voice laughed. “It’s me! Your dear Henrick! Don’t tell me you forgot me already!”
“Heisenberg,” growled Tara, walking up to them with her helmet in hand.
“Heisenberg’s a machine?!” exclaimed Maya.
Dmitri dropped his head, “Of course not, it’s obviously a transmission.”
The camera moved and zoomed in on Tara, “Hmm…ah! A8-07! You’re here too! How special! Now I’ll get two of my babies back!”
“The next time you see us will be the day you die, you–”
John cut Tara off, tersely asking, “Who am I? Why did you make me? What are you planning?”
“Why don’t you come back to me and I’ll answer all of your questions? Bring A8-07 and the girl and I’ll explain everything to you in detail,” posed Heisenberg.
John clenched a fist, “Fine, I’ll come to you and have you answer everything.” John turned to Maya and Tara, “Let’s go.”
“What are you saying, John?” asked Nicolas, gesturing angrily at him with his sectioned-staff, “It’s obviously a trap. I won’t let you take them.”
“I didn’t ask you. I’m getting my answers one way or the other.”
“Good, good!” laughed Heisenberg. “Now, kill those uninteresting boys there and let’s be off.”
Nicolas and Dmitri tensed; Nicolas tightened his grip on his staff.
“Don’t order me around,” growled John. “If you want the girl that’s fine by me, but do your killing yourself.”
A collective “What?!” from John’s companions echoed in the ravine.
“My, aren’t we testy,” clucked Heisenberg. “Okay, I’ll kill your friends for you. Then you bring me the girl and A8-07.”
“As if I’d let that happen!” challenged Nicolas.
The sphere began to move. Lines appeared on its smooth surface and plates began shifting across the face of the sphere. It started to shift and change shape. From within, mechanical arms and legs spread out, and a short, jointed neck emerged from behind the camera.
A humanoid figure materialized. The plates of the surface of the sphere formed armor on its torso, arms and legs. The armor plates on its back were rounded like a tortoise shell. Two guns were mounted on its shoulders, and the armor on its knees and elbows stuck out like blades.
Nicolas ran at the machine and was immediately swatted away by it, getting slammed into John. They both rolled away just in time to avoid being shot by its shoulder mounted machine gun. Tara leapt at it, and with a swing of her sickles she attacked its joints, trying to remove an arm. Her blades bounced off harmlessly.
“Maya! Get Dmitri out of here!” yelled Nicolas, diving between the machine’s legs to avoid its reaching arms.
Maya jumped into the driver’s seat and started the engine. Slamming down the accelerator she sped forward, almost running down John, and ramming the automaton. The machine toppled and hit the ground, one of its legs crushed inwards.
“Sorry!” Maya shouted to John, putting the car in reverse. She sped away as the contraption turned over and shot at the escaping convertible. Maya screamed and ducked her head, swerving left and right until crashing into the canyon walls brought her to a halt.
Nicolas swung his rod at the machine gun, forcing it to aim skywards with a crack. The other gun spun in his direction. With a canon-like explosion the high caliber weapon shot at where Nicolas was a split second ago, shattering the rock over John’s shoulder.
John growled. He’d had enough. From behind, John jumped on top of the automaton, grabbing the ‘head’ housing the camera with both hands and pulled. Straining his body, John forced the camera out of its motor, and with a pop the head broke off. The machine stopped, shuddered slightly, and finally froze altogether.
The sound of a slow clap came from the machine, “Very lovely teamwork. I can see why you’ve become attached to these people. I’ll let your friends live a little while longer if you promise to keep things interesting.
That being said…welcome to Khent! I’m sure you’ll find things much more exciting here than in Tasmuarona. If you really want to find me, your next test awaits you in Yulsa. I’ll be watching with high expectations! Well then, see you soon!”
With that the machine went silent, collapsing onto the ground. After a moment, when it seemed the machine would not get back up, Nicolas walked over to John to punch the back of his head. John ducked and took a step away, ready for a fight.
“What are you thinking, John? Just when I was starting to think you had a heart, you try to sell out our friends for a little information? I thought Maya was worth more to you than that!”
John stood up straight, “The moment I got my answers from your father she lost her worth. She’s nothing to me now,” he spat, walking past Nicolas. “And before you so gallantly stand up for her, ask yourself if you can really trust her.”
“What’s that supposed to mean?”
John didn’t answer. He walked over to the car and sat in the backseat, waiting to be driven to their next destination. Dmitri ran over to the broken automaton, eyes wide and ignoring his brother’s questions about his wellbeing. Tara walked back to Maya to check on her.
“This is so cool!” exclaimed Dmitri, checking out the machine. “Can we keep it?”
“Of course not!” Nicolas scolded. “What if that thing gets up again and attacks us?”
“That won’t happen,” Dmitri told him, tracing a wire with his fingers. Pointing to a rubber tube, he said, “Cut this.”
Nicolas obliged with a swing of his spear. A crackling sound came from the tube full of wires and Nicolas threw down his spear, cursing and shaking his hands, “That hurt! If it’s going to shock me, warn me first!”
“Sorry, didn’t know it was still live. But now it won’t move again with its power cut.”
“Where do you think we’ll put it?!”
“In the trunk. We’ll tie it down with the rope. Just give me a few days to study it and then we’ll dump it. We need to get it out of the road anyway if we want past it, right?”
Nicolas sighed, already spent from the fight and from the argument with John, “Fine.”
Dmitri pumped his fist. At the car Maya was apologizing profusely to Tara for running over her bike, while Tara was telling her not to worry about it. Nicolas walked over and checked the condition of his car. A few bullet holes and crumpled bumpers, but he decided it could still run.
After prying the car and motorcycle apart, they backed the convertible up to the automaton. They threw the spare tire up front, and with help from everyone but John they managed to shove the machine into the large trunk of the car where arms and legs hung out precariously, threatening to fall out at any moment. The convertible nearly dragged the ground from the weight.
They tied it down and were finally back on the road, following the stone path through the mountains. Maya sat in the back between a surly John and Tara who kept sighing, presumably about her lost motorcycle. By noon they had left the gorge and were traveling down the other side of the mountain. They had made it to Khent.
Checking Clint’s map again, they found that Yulsa was the closest town to the pass. The map ended by showing them how to get there. Nicolas drove down the mountain path which changed gradually from stone to earth. He slowly navigated around boulders, and then trees, making his way to the foot of the mountain.
All the while, he was thinking about John’s words. What did he mean by asking whether or not he could trust her? Maya had never given them a reason to doubt her. She had never lied to them. She had always been straightforward with her thoughts and opinions. Annoyingly so. But why would John be so upset about that?
There were too many questions. Nicolas wasn’t the thinking type; he would just have to ask Maya the next chance he got. For now he focused on driving. They had finally reached a road and he turned south as instructed toward Yulsa.
Chapter Nineteen
(back to Table of Contents)
 
They had decided the previous night to make camp early and arrive in Yulsa the next morning instead of risk arriving at night. They had no idea what Heisenberg had waiting for them, but everyone agreed that they needed to face it if they were to track him down and find answers.
As Nicolas drove them through the scenic country highway that morning, Maya reflected on the change she had seen in Tara since they had first met. Tara had become considerably less John-like and much friendlier since joining them, although she still pointedly ignored John while at the same time kept a wary eye on him. Maya was elated to finally have another girl in the group with whom she could talk, and she and Tara were really developing a fast friendship.
Maya smiled as she daydreamed the morning away, but around mid-morning, she snapped out of her reverie and into the present when she noticed the car slowing. On the side of the road was stonework surrounded by well-kept landscaping welcoming the troupe to Yulsa. Maya’s preconceptions about Khent were immediately thrown out the window.
Instead of any town like Maya had seen before, what lay ahead of them was nothing more than a brown mass. The road abruptly ended at it and the brown whatever-it-was rose and fell in great hills on either side of them. They all got out of the car and looked at the mass spreading far into the horizon.
“What is it?” asked Maya, fascinated. She stood at the edge holding Sphinx, inspecting it.
“It’s wood!” exclaimed Dmitri. Everyone looked up to find Dmitri standing on the brown mass, poking at it with a finger.
Nicolas recoiled, “Why would you jump on something like this? Who knows what it is. I thought you were the smart one!”
“Like I said, it’s just a tree. It’s swallowed up the town!”
Taking a second look, Maya could see how the steep hills lined up so neatly on either side of them could be buildings, and the smaller ones cars. But how could ordinary trees do something like this? Wouldn’t it normally take hundreds of years?
“Is this a normal thing for Khent?” she asked.
“It obviously has something to do with Heisenberg. Remember? He said this would be our first test,” replied Dmitri.
“What kind of test could this be?” wondered Nicolas, stepping onto the heap of wood. John and Tara followed him.
“Are you sure that’s a good idea?” Maya asked him nervously. “Like you said, we don’t know what this is…”
“I think D is right. It just looks like vines or tree roots. In any case, you’re going to want to check this out, right?”
After a brief moment of thought Maya yielded, joining them on the roots, “Right.”
They crossed the bumpy terrain carefully, heading deeper into the town. Everywhere they looked was the same. Vines and branches wrapped around buildings and vehicles, covering the entire town in an undulating mass. As they reached deeper into town a fog began to gather even though the sun was out and bright overhead.
“I wonder what happened to all the people,” Maya wondered aloud.
 “It has no leaves. Guess what’s feeding this thing,” John said casually. He wrinkled his nose, “I don’t like this place. It smells like death.”
Maya shuddered, agreeing silently with John’s statement. She really wanted to leave. Aside from the general creepy feeling of an empty town covered by a tree, and aside from the possibility of dead people under her feet feeding it, something else urged her strongly to leave as soon as possible.
Nicolas followed the winding path of the roots into the distance with his eyes. Paying no attention to Maya and the others straggling behind him, he followed the vines around a corner, deeper into the fog, and saw they all converged at one point in what appeared to be a small park. The vines grew up and around an enormous tree in the center, with smaller vine-wrapped trees spread out sporadically around it. The creaking and snapping of wood echoed through the park and down the streets.
Nicolas peered into the fog, into the park in the distance. Something moved. His hand was immediately at his staff. The figure of a person came slowly closer. She was a tall woman with long, flowing blonde hair wearing a slim white dress. She was the most beautiful woman he had ever seen. His lips trembled.
“Mom?”
 
* * *
 
Dmitri sighed when he saw his brother walk around the corner ahead by himself. Calling for Nicolas to wait up, Dmitri ran around the corner and bumped into something big and hard and fell backwards.
“Ouch,” grunted Dmitri, looking up. “What are you doing just standing there Nic?” He froze, his eyes going wide when he saw exactly who it was standing there.
“Watch where yer goin’,” his father slurred thickly. “Didn’t I teach you any manners?”
“N…Nic!” Dmitri called out, but his brother was nowhere to be found. He jumped to his feet and ran around the corner calling for John and Maya. They weren’t there either. He was alone. Dmitri looked behind him and was knocked down again, this time by his father’s fist.
“Why are you runnin’ away, boy?!” roared Van.
Dmitri trembled, clutching is sore face.
“You’re weak,” Van spat. “I’m gonna fix that if it’s the last thing I do.”
With a cry of fear Dmitri scrambled back to his feet and ran off, reaching into his pockets and pulling out something small and round. He turned, screaming again when he saw his father running after him, nearly on top of him. Dmitri threw the ball down at Van’s feet. It exploded with a bang and smoke suddenly enveloped the area.
“Get back here, ya little freak!” coughed Van.
Dmitri darted between two tree covered buildings. He ran for his life, tears streaming from his eyes. Why was his father here? And where was his brother at a time like this? Nicolas always used to protect him. Whenever their father got into one of his drunken rages, it was always Nicolas who took the brunt of the punishment for him. Now he was suddenly reliving the terrifying memories of when he and Nicolas lived alone with their father. What would he do without Nicolas here now? What could he do?
 
* * *
 
Tara was lost in the fog. Where could everyone have gone? She had to find Maya and Dmitri, at least. She couldn’t leave them alone with John when he could regain his memories at any moment and suddenly turn on them. That monster has some surprisingly good friends, she thought.
It would be nice, though, if he never regained his memories. Although he was just as moody as when she first met him, John seemed to be happy with his new friends. He seems especially interested in Maya, Tara thought with chagrin.
Footsteps approached from behind her. Tara whipped around to find John slowly emerging from the mist. She exhaled in disappointment at seeing John first instead of one of the others, but then she caught something on the wind. Something was wrong. She smelled blood.
“Stop right there, John,” she said, pulling out her sickles. “Why do I smell blood?”
“What’s wrong? Haven’t you gotten used to the smell by now?” asked John as he took another step toward her.
“I said stop!” ordered Tara, taking a step back and raising her sickles. John carried something in his hand, but she couldn’t tell what from the distance. “What do you have in your hand?”
“Come now, haven’t you missed me, A8-07?” John laughed wickedly, taking another step forward. “I’m back…”
“What do you have in your hand?!” she demanded.
John took another step forward out of the fog and raised his arm. Tara felt like screaming and being sick at the same time. He held Maya’s severed head in his hand by her hair. Blood dribbled out of her neck, splashing wetly on the ground.
“No…” she groaned. “How could you? After all you’ve been through together?”
John laughed, “How could I? It’s what I was created for…what we were created for.”
“Don’t put me on the same level as you!” yelled Tara, summoning her anger and running at John. She struck with her sickle, connecting with a wet thud. John had blocked with Maya’s head. Tara screamed her disgust, her horror, and her anger, and she swung her other blade. John easily dodged with a spin and backhanded Tara across the face, sending her flying.
Tara got to her hands and knees, stifling a sob. She couldn’t give in now. John was always stronger because he did not let his emotions control him. To defeat him Tara would have to do the same. She would kill him even if it meant becoming like him.
 
* * *
 
Fog curled around his feet as John walked along the root covered street. Maya and the others had suddenly disappeared. Even their scent was gone. John trod carefully, straining his senses for a clue to what could have happened. Vanishing like that was impossible for humans like Maya and Dmitri. Tara might have been able to do it, but even she would leave her scent behind.
On top of that, he felt his body reacting to something. His immune system was on fire. Poison? But from where? As John struggled to put the pieces of the puzzle together, a voice broke his concentration.
“Found you…” sang a bubbly voice from the haze behind John.
John spun around and growled, “Heisenberg.”
“Bingo!” he sang. “I’ve come to collect you. Come back to where you belong, A9-13. Come back to your family.”
“Family?” Heisenberg’s words caught John off guard.
Heisenberg opened his palms conciliatorily, “Yes, your family: those who created you, and those who were created with you. Those things you have now are not your family. They’re tools, remember? Things to be thrown away once you’re done with them.”
“But I’m not done with them yet,” John replied hesitantly.
“Right, you want your memories back…you want your past.”
“How did you know that?”
“I know everything about you, A9-13. I know your thoughts, your deepest desires, even the fate you were born into,” Heisenberg said in almost a whisper.
“My fate?”
“Yes, your fate. Your destiny, that is,” Heisenberg hissed. “To kill. To murder. Devastate, destroy, overwhelm and eliminate all hope. You are the bringer of death, built for one purpose: to annihilate all who stand in our way.”
A flood of emotions hit John: disbelief, hopelessness, confusion, fear Heisenberg might be right. “No…I’m more than that…I have to be.”
“Why, because you made friends?” scoffed Heisenberg. “Friends that use you to fight their battles for them? Friends that promise revenge when you get your memories back? Friends that lie to you?”
John breath caught in his throat.
“She lied to you John. She’s been using you. They all have.”
“Shut up…shut up, shut up, shut up!” roared John.
“Why!” Heisenberg yelled over him. “Does the truth hurt? How will you handle regaining your memories if you can’t handle this simple fact about yourself?” With a calming breath Heisenberg continued, casually drawing a syringe from a pocket. “I guess we will have to continue with your conditioning. You’re obviously too unstable right now to be of use to anyone.”
Something about that small needle scared John more than any battle he had been in since losing his memories. He tried taking a step away, but his legs would not move. He was suddenly strapped to a table, naked. Men and women in white gowns and masks surrounded him, holding all sorts of strange and threatening instruments.
Heisenberg approached him with the needle, hovering it just over his naval, “Don’t worry. This will only last a second.”
The needle plunged down and John felt pain as he’d never felt before.
 
* * *
 
Dmitri had found a small opening in one of the vine covered buildings and crawled through it. Inside was a large empty room. The building looked as though it had been abandoned even before the immense tree enveloped the town. Concrete pillars running down the center grew out of the concrete floors, supporting the roof. There was nothing else inside save for broken glass from the sheet windows now covered by thick, leafless vines.
“I can smell yer fear,” his father called from outside.
Dmitri ran to the far end of the room and hid behind the furthermost column. He heard scraping and tearing as Van dug out the hole, making it wide enough to squeeze through. Tears flowed anew. What could he do? He was trapped now. It was only a matter of time before his father worked his way inside.
There had to be something he could do, Dmitri thought. He was a genius; he could find a solution to anything. Nicolas even said so! Why couldn’t he get his brain to work? Why couldn’t he find a solution to this problem? Dmitri held his knees to his chest as tears flowed freely down his cheeks.
The scraping stopped. Dmitri heard a footstep in the room. Another. And another. His father was slowly approaching. There was no need to hurry anymore; his prey was caught.
Another smoke bomb! Dmitri dug around in his pockets and grabbed the last of the small explosives. A hand suddenly caught his wrist and squeezed. With a cry of pain Dmitri dropped the smoke bombs and they rolled away, useless.
“Finally caught ya, you little brat,” smiled Van, holding Dmitri off the ground by his wrist.
Dmitri kicked frantically at his father, trying to get away. His struggle was answered with a powerful punch to the gut that sent Dmitri flying into the wall of tree roots that had replaced the windows. Dmitri fell into the broken glass, receiving countless small, painful cuts on his hands and knees. He collapsed, gasping.
“Weak,” spat his father, approaching him. “I’m gonna beat that outta ya even if it kills ya. All you’ve got is that big head of yers, ya little freak. And what good does it do ya? All you can do is run. Run ‘til yer caught.”
Van leaned over and whispered in Dmitri’s ear, his breath hot and rank, “Yer nothin’ but dead weight to yer brother. Think of everything he could do if he wasn’t always lookin’ out for you, takin’ care of you. You’ve been holdin’ him back since the day you were born. Do you think Nic doesn’t resent ya for everythin’ you’ve done to him? For bein’ born? Everyone would be better off if only you weren’t around.”
Van knelt down and put his hands around Dmitri’s throat, “I’m gonna end yer sufferin’ right now, and free yer brother of his burden.”
His father began squeezing down on Dmitri’s neck. Dmitri choked and struggled for breath, but all that came was a weak cry. He reached out vainly for help, his hands running frantically over the glass that littered the floor earning him more cuts. Van laughed madly as he squeezed the life out of his son. His laugh echoed in the empty room, filling Dmitri’s ears until he could take it no longer. With his last ounce of strength Dmitri thrust his arm forward.
Van stopped laughing. His eyes widened and his grip slackened. Dmitri coughed and gasped for breath. Van opened his mouth in surprise, blood staining his lips. His hands went to his stomach where a large shard of glass was sticking out.
Dmitri crawled out from under his father and struggled to stand up, grasping his neck with bloody hands and wheezing. Hoarsely, he said, “Nicolas never once told me I was a burden.”
 
* * *
 
John was too fast. He dodged every strike of Tara’s, and returned her attacks three-fold. Battered, bruised, and out of breath, Tara was running out of options. She had never been able to defeat him before, what made her think today was any different?
“Why do you fight me?” asked John. “We’re the same, you and I. We’re family, created for the same purpose. Both born to kill. We have no need for friends. We have each other.”
John’s face relaxed into a smile, “Remember our days of training? Our days together? Didn’t we have fun learning together, training together, planning our escape together?
Come to me. I want you by my side again. Together we’ll fulfill the destiny we were born into. Together we’ll destroy this world and make a new one just for us.”
Tara gripped her sickles tightly in front of her, a tear falling on the blade. “I don’t want a world with just the two of us. I like having friends. I like talking and having fun with others.”
“I’m not enough for you?” asked John, solemnly.
“No,” Tara said with a sniffle. “Not anymore.”
“Then I guess it’s time to end this. I’m going to kill you, Tara. Then I’m going to kill the others, just like I killed Maya.”
“No. I won’t let you.”
“You can’t stop me. You’re weak, emotional. You can never be as strong as me.”
“I know, but I realized: I don’t need to be like you to defeat you. I’ll protect Dmitri and Nicolas and everyone else even at the cost of my life.”
John flexed his hand and extended his fingers stiffly, “Nothing but pretty words. Now, A8-07, die for me.”
John dashed toward her in the blink of an eye and thrust his hand like a spear into her stomach. Tara didn’t try to stop him. His hand pierced her side and exited her back, impaling her. With a gasp Tara accepted him, embracing him and pulling him into her.
There was a thunk as Tara buried her sickles into John’s back. John groaned and the pair, bound together by flesh and steel, collapsed to the ground. Tara coughed, blood dribbling out of her mouth.
“I’m sorry…John,” she smiled, tears running down her face. “I…you…”
Her body relaxed and her head dropped as she stopped breathing.
 
* * *
 
John threw up, and then continued screaming. The pain was too intense, he couldn’t bear it. It felt like his entire body was on fire. The men and women around him opened his skin and buried their instruments into him. Slowly, one by one, experimenting on him in ways he could not comprehend.
“You brought this on yourself,” said Heisenberg, though John wasn’t capable of listening anymore. “If only you had returned quietly like a good pet, we wouldn’t have had to resort to this. But now, unfortunately, all your good for is to be dissected and studied.
How does it feel to die without ever knowing who you are? Without ever having hopes, dreams, friends, or family? With so many unanswered questions? But then again, I suppose an animal like you doesn’t have things like hopes or dreams. A weapon like you can’t have things like friends or family.
Sad, really,” Heisenberg sighed. Then he immediately brightened again, “Well, time for another injection! It would be troublesome if you started healing already.”
Heisenberg injected John again with the drug that felt like it turned his blood into acid. John’s screams redoubled and his body convulsed. With a mighty pull the leather strap holding his right arm snapped. The men and women around him struggled to control him as John blindly scratched and clawed at them.
John grabbed a man and threw him over the table into another. His claws found the strap of his left arm and tore it off. Then he ripped off the straps at his waist, and then his legs. He was free. The men and women still standing threw themselves on John to restrain him, but with a roar he threw them all off. He stood on the table, steel and glass instruments hanging out of his body.
Heisenberg moved to run away, but with a great leapt John tackled him and began to thrash him. Heisenberg’s hands covered his face, but had little effect. John swatted them out of the way and tore out Heisenberg’s throat, leaving him to drown in his blood.
Men and women in white coats and masks tried to tear John away, but he turned on them. Leaping from one to the other blindly, he tore at their bodies the way they tore at his on the table. Amid the screams John heard his name being called out. He jumped at whoever it was and ripped them apart as well. He did not stop until nothing moved or made a sound.
Gasping for breath, John opened his eyes and surveyed the damage. The men and women lie scattered about, unmoving. Then John looked beneath him at his last victim and saw Maya’s torn and bloody face.
With a cry John fell off of her. He looked frantically about. Suddenly the men and women in white were gone and replaced by his friends and companions. Their bodies ripped apart by his own claws.
John looked back down to Maya, looking at what he did with his own hands. He dumbly reached for her, cradling her head in his hands. He held her in his arms, crying, though he couldn’t fathom why.
Chapter Twenty
(back to Table of Contents)
 
John opened his eyes. Everything was blurry and his eyes stung. He was lying down on something soft. It smelled nice. He blinked and rubbed his eyes with the back of his hands. Looking up again he saw Maya’s smiling face leaning over him. He was lying in her lap.
John shot upright so fast he hit his head against Maya’s, knocking her back with a cry.
“Ow,” groaned Maya, clutching her forehead. “You’re awake. Thank goodness.”
John crawled over to Maya on his hands and knees. He put his hands on her shoulders and looked over her body, checking for any injuries.
“What?” Maya asked, blushing self-consciously.
“You’re not hurt?”
“No…”
John sat back and relaxed. His head spun with horrible images. Tears threatened to rise again for some reason.
Maya sat in surprise for a moment and then smiled, “Thanks for worrying.”
John turned away.
“You were crying…” she said. “What did you dream about?”
“Dream?”
“Yeah, it seemed like everyone was having a bad dream.”
John looked around. They were back at the car, sitting in the grass on the side of the road just outside of Yulsa. Tara sat some distance away by herself against a lone oak tree holding her knees to her chest. Nicolas was lying on the ground still asleep with Dmitri sitting next to him watching worriedly.
“What happened?” asked John.
“We were walking through town when that thick fog appeared and everyone fainted. I dragged everyone back to the car starting with Dmitri. When I got back after getting Dmitri out of town the roots had started growing over you guys.
I had to cut them away with Tara’s knives. I finally got you all back here, ending with Nicolas since he was the biggest. Tara hasn’t said anything since waking up, and Nicolas is still asleep. I’m getting worried.”
“You did well,” John said.
Maya blinked, “Really?”
John got to his feet, “Go check on Tara. I’m going to check Nicolas.”
Watching John’s back as he walked over to Nicolas and Dmitri, Maya made her way to where Tara sat. What did he see in his dream? Somehow he seemed different than usual; more passive and subdued. Maya sat next to Tara. For a long time neither of them said a word. But after several minutes of silence, Tara took a deep breath and sighed. She looked over to Maya with red, puffy eyes.
“I was afraid I had lost you all,” she said. When Maya didn’t say anything, she continued, “I didn’t realize how important you all have become to me over the last few days. When I thought I had lost you I didn’t know what I would do. When I thought John had regained his memories…I…”
Tara struggled to find the words, but reliving her nightmare was too emotionally draining.
“It’s okay,” said Maya, taking Tara’s hand in hers. “We’re still here, everyone.”
Tara looked from Maya to John kneeling with Dmitri next to Nicolas, “Right…everyone.”
John turned in their direction and shouted Maya’s name urgently.
With a look to each other, Maya and Tara stood up and hastened to the others. They looked down at Nicolas lying still in front of him. He had a peaceful look on his face, but was taking ragged, shallow breaths.
“He’s been getting worse,” said Dmitri in tears.
John looked up to Maya, saying quietly, “It doesn’t look good. How long were we unconscious?”
“It’s been about three hours. Dmitri was the first to wake up, and that was about an hour ago,” Maya said worriedly. “Is there anything we can do?”
“You got him out of that fog,” John said, looking down at Nicolas with a concerned expression. “You’ve done enough. We can only hope Nicolas doesn’t give into his dream and comes back to us.”
 
* * *
 
Nicolas laid his head in his mother’s lap as she lovingly stroked his hair. Feelings of euphoria, peace, and tranquility washed over him. He had missed his mother so much. He was so afraid he would forget her face someday. Forget her touch; forget her smell. But now she was back, and he didn’t have to worry about those things anymore.
“I missed you,” his mother said.
Her words felt like they were squeezing his heart, “I missed you too. I was afraid I would never see you again.”
His mother hushed him gently, “You don’t have to worry anymore. I’m here now and I’ll never leave you.”
The back of Nicolas’s mind itched as if he was forgetting something, but he was too content to give it any thought. He was so happy he thought he could die. In fact, if he were to die now in his mother’s arms he felt he could go gladly. His heart throbbed again as his mother pulled him closer, enveloping him in her warmth and kindness.
“Stay with me forever,” she said.
“Forever,” Nicolas repeated.
“Just the two of us.”
“Just the two of us…”
That itching in the back of his mind grew more persistent. What could it be? He was happier now than he’d ever been in his life. There was nothing more he could want…right?
He thought he heard crying. He looked at his mother who smiled back at him. It wasn’t her. Was it his imagination? That noise was getting on his nerves. It sounded like someone was calling for him. He didn’t want to go. He was happy there. Nicolas wished Dmitri would just leave him alone.
Suddenly reality came rushing back to Nicolas. Dmitri! How could he have forgotten about his little brother? Nicolas sat up.
“Nicolas? What’s wrong?” asked his mother.
“What about Dmitri? You said just the two of us. What about Dmitri?”
“Who’s Dmitri? It’s just us, remember? We’re all that we need.”
“No,” Nicolas persisted. “This is all wrong. You’re dead. I remember; I saw it.”
“Nicolas, calm down. I’m right here,” his mother reached for his shoulder, but Nicolas slapped her hand away. They both looked shocked at his action.
“Where’s Dmitri? Where am I? What is this?” he asked quietly.
“A dream. A beautiful dream. But one in which you can live forever if you wish.”
Nicolas looked away, “I can’t, not without Dmitri.”
His mother put a hand to his chin and pulled his gaze toward her, “You’re free to leave, you know. But only if you really want to.”
“What do you mean?”
“Only if you truly desire it can you leave this place,” she said softly. “Only if leaving is what you really want to do.”
Nicolas shook his head, “I still don’t understand. How do I leave?”
“Only you can break the spell. Only you can find the way out.”
Nicolas looked around as if he expected a door to appear in the middle of the park leading him out of the dream. There was none. Was he doomed to this purgatory for the rest of his life? Was he fated to spend his days with an illusion of his mother, without Dmitri? Maybe he didn’t want to leave badly enough to see the way out. His head sunk in hopelessness, and when he opened his eyes again his sectioned-staff was in his hands, the spear tip exposed. He felt a wave of nausea at what it meant as realization swept over him.
“No,” he said, swallowing. “There has to be another way.”
“If you want to see your brother again, that is the only way.”
“I don’t want you to die again,” wept Nicolas.
His mother pulled him closer into an embrace, “I don’t have to. It’s all up to you.”
“But Dmitri needs me. I can’t abandon him.”
“Then be strong, Nicolas. Do what you must. Do it for Dmitri.”
Nicolas sniffed back his tears, “Thank you, for reminding me of my mother.”
“I love you, Nicolas.”
His mother gasped as Nicolas plunged his spear into her back, its tip piercing through her and digging into his own chest.
“Goodbye.”
 
* * *
 
“Dmitri, look!” exclaimed Maya.
Dmitri picked up his head and, through blurry eyes, saw Nicolas stirring. Nicolas’s breathing had returned to normal and he was slowly starting to wake up. Crying, Dmitri shook his brother and called his name. Nicolas’s hand slowly came up and took his brother’s.
“I’m back,” he said.
“Welcome back,” smiled Maya in relief.
“Idiot,” sobbed Dmitri, falling on his brother’s chest.
“Sorry to worry you,” Nicolas patted his head. “What happened?”
Maya told him her story, giving everyone time to recover from the emotional strain of the day.
When she finished, Nicolas asked, “I don’t get it, why weren’t you affected by the fog?”
Maya shrugged, “I don’t know, maybe I was just lucky.”
Silence again. Maya looked around. Everyone seemed to be lost in the memories of their dreams. She turned her attention to the wooded city once more.
“What do we do about that?”
“I think we should burn it,” said Nicolas. “It’s too dangerous to leave alone.”
“Do you think there could be any survivors?” asked Maya.
“No,” John said. “I can smell the rotting corpses from here. Besides, it would be too dangerous to look around in that town for anybody.”
His bluntness hasn’t changed, thought Maya. “Well how do we burn it? We can’t go into the town or else we’ll wind up in the same trap again.”
“We can’t…”said Nicolas, meaningfully.
After a silent second of comprehension, argument broke out among them. Tara and Dmitri argued loudly against Maya entering that place again alone, while Nicolas tried to reason with them, seeing no other alternative. When Maya said she didn’t object, Dmitri and Tara turned on her, demanding that she think of her own safety.
John raised his hands for silence, “I’ll go with her.”
“Thanks, John,” Nicolas said. “But we can’t have you fainting in there again. We don’t know if it will be worse the second time around.”
“It won’t affect me again,” he said confidently. “My immune system has adjusted already. And if it does, Maya can drag me out again.”
“You’re really heavy, you know. I bet you weigh more than Nicolas,” Maya told him.
John ignored her, “And if Maya passes out I’ll be there for her.”
“But what if you both fall victim to it?” asked Dmitri.
“Then we’re lost, and you should go on without us.”
Everyone was too shocked at John’s willingness to risk his life to object, so John took it as an approval, “Let’s go, Maya.”
John began walking toward the car and Maya got up to run after him. The remaining three stared in disbelief.
“I’m surprised he would risk his life for something so unrelated to his goal,” said Nicolas as John took out a can of gasoline from the back of the car. Maya searched the glove compartment for matches.
“He’s probably just angry about what he saw,” Dmitri said. “I’m more surprised he would let Maya go back in there. He was always so protective of her, even if he only treats her as a tool.”
“I wonder what he saw in his dream,” thought Tara.
 
* * *
 
Maya waved back at the trio standing at the border watching them leave as she and John made their way back into the shadowy city. The afternoon sun still hovered overhead, but the fog made everything seem darker than normal. Maya hazarded a cautious look at John.
“I won’t be taken down by the same attack twice,” he said, noticing her glance. “My immune system has already amended itself.”
“That’s good to hear. I feel fine, too.”
“Good.”
Maya smiled. They followed the roots as Nicolas instructed and before long turned the corner in the center of the little town. A small park was still recognizable, with trees growing randomly through the strangling vines. Inside the park the roots met at a single tree from which it seemed they were all extending.
John emptied the can of gas around the tree, and then turned to Maya, “Ready?”
Maya nodded and lit a match, throwing it unceremoniously onto the tree. The park was suddenly ablaze, vines burning like dry grass. Maya and John were forced back by the heat.
“Run!” John yelled.
Maya turned to follow him, but tripped. A root had curled around her foot, slowly growing up her leg. “John!”
John turned back and saw Maya’s predicament. Running back he ripped the root off of her and helped her to her feet. The fire was starting to overtake them and surround them. Pulling Maya along by the hand, John raced to beat the fire.
Roots grew in their footsteps, snatching at air just to be swallowed by the flames seconds later. Maya panted, struggling to keep up with John, but slowing down despite her efforts.
“Get on my back!” yelled John over the crackling of the fire.
Still running, Maya leapt onto John’s back. He caught her effortlessly and took off. John sprinted, taking long, powerful strides, almost flying through the air. Maya hung on for dear life to the uncomfortable ride, bumping up and down with each step.
Smoke and fog grew thick around Maya and John as a strong wind blew it ahead of them. Nature seemed to be their enemy today. John stumbled forward, unable to see in the smog. He gasped for breath from exertion and inhaling the fumes around them.
Maya was beginning to doubt whether or not they were running in the right direction when ahead they saw two bright lights. Nicolas had turned on his headlights, guiding them back out of the inferno. Once they reached him, John leapt with Maya into the car, both of them coughing from the smoke. Flooring the accelerator, Nicolas whipped the car around and drove them away from the blazing town. 
After a while everyone began to relax. They drove south along the mountains making simple conversation, laughing and talking about nothing important. There was an unspoken agreement between them not to ask about what they had seen in their dreams. It seemed too emotional, too personal.
Nicolas drove late into the evening, getting as far away from the orange glow of the inferno on the horizon as possible. They stopped around midnight at a suitably thick tangle of trees behind which they could hide the convertible and set up camp.
As usual, Maya prepared their food while Dmitri and Nicolas tended the fire and spread blankets on the ground for their bedding. Tara helped Maya this time with the cooking, but John took his normal place outside of the circle. He watched toward the road for any intruders, leaning his back against a tree seemingly lost in thought.
 
* * *
 
The fire burned itself out quickly, the raging inferno reducing everything to cinders. By morning all that remained were piles of glowing coals. The center of the town was a flat, gray desert. Its ashes were already growing cold.
A wind blew through the wasteland that was once a flourishing park, picking up ashes as it swept through. In the center of the ashen field, a flicker of green showed through. Like a phoenix rising from the ashes a leaf grew, defying the desert of death around it.
A long, slender hand reached down, plucked the leaf from the ground, and brought it to his thin lips.
“Fools.”

Stage Three: Ra-En

Chapter Twenty-One
(back to Table of Contents)
 
“Nic, am I holding you back?” Dmitri asked suddenly from the front passenger seat of the convertible.
Dmitri had been stuck to his brother like glue the entire day, though he did not speak more than a few words to him. Tara was the same, clinging to Maya constantly who attributed her and Dmitri’s strange behavior to whatever they saw in the fog of that possessed town.
“What are you saying?” asked Nicolas.
“I’m weak and I depend on you for everything. You could probably do a lot more if you were free of me…”
Nicolas reached over and lightly clapped his brother on the head, “First, there’s nothing wrong with being weak and depending on others. We’re all weak and need to rely on each other at some time. Second, we’re a team, remember? You’re the brains and I’m the brawn. What would I do without you?
Besides, you’re not as weak as you think you are. You stood up to Van for me back in the Silver City, and that’s a fact. A weak person wouldn’t be able to do that.”
“But I wasn’t able to do anything,” Dmitri argued. “He swept me aside like I was nothing…”
“It’s not your muscle that matters, it’s your heart,” Nicolas said, tapping Dmitri’s chest.
After a moment Dmitri smiled, “You’re really lame, you know.”
“Shut up,” laughed Nicolas.
“Brotherly love is so wonderful!” teased Maya, reaching over the seats from the back and embracing Nicolas and Dmitri, causing Nicolas to swerve on the road.
“Maya, cut that out! You’re going to make me crash!”
“Seriously! And it’s embarrassing!”
Maya returned to her seat with a satisfied expression.
“Where are we headed?” asked Tara once things had settled down.
“No idea,” replied Nicolas. “There don’t seem to be many cities on this side of Khent. We’ll keep driving until we find someplace where D can hook up to the internet and find us some info.”
“I thought Dmitri could connect to the internet wirelessly,” she asked.
“I could in Tasmuarona,” Dmitri told her. “But things work differently here in Khent. I need to go to a bank and set up an account from which I can pull fake credits, and then I need to visit an electronics store and buy a few things to make me Khent-compatible.
After that,” he said with a hungry grin, pointing a thumb to the trunk. “I can start playing with our friend back there.”
“Besides satisfying your techno-lust, how will that thing help us?” asked John.
“Hopefully I can trace the signal that was controlling it back to Heisenberg and deduce his location from it.”
“What about the IP address you took from the hard drive in Tasmuarona?”
“This is just for good measure. It’s better to have two sources to compare, just in case,” Dmitri said, placating him.
Satisfied, John sat back in his seat and closed his eyes, shutting himself off from everyone once again. After a full day of driving they passed many small towns like Yulsa – except without the demonic trees – but nothing with a national bank or electronics store. Nicolas looked at a map he had picked up in one of those towns.
The next nearest city was Arael, a once prosperous trading hub in a time when Khent and Tasmuarona were still on trading terms. Ships passed between Arael and Emaro, the third of the three great cities of Tasmuarona, south of the Vahren Barrier in treacherous waters where reefs and shoals were abundant.
The chain of islands between the cities, home only to pirates and palm trees, was a constant source of tension between the two nations. Now Arael, like Emaro, was a center of defense on the front lines of any potential attack from the other country. Nicolas drove them straight to that militarized metropolis, hoping to find some clue as to the next step in their journey.
They saw signs of approaching the city near noon the next day. While still in the cover of the countryside, Nicolas pulled over to talk about what to do with the hulking automaton hanging out of the trunk. After some arguing, some threats, and some pleading, Dmitri was left with the machine on the outskirts of the city in John and Maya’s care. They were tasked with setting up a temporary camp while Nicolas and Tara set up a bank account and searched for a suitable place to stay for the time being.
The complete opposite of the Silver City, Arael was a sprawling metropolis of low buildings and houses. Walls and waterways crisscrossed through the city as protection against flooding from the violent sea-born storms that often blew through it. Sporadically placed around Arael’s borders were military bases and armories visibly gearing up in response to the rising tension between Tasmuarona and Khent.
Alone with Tara for the first time, Nicolas felt wonderfully sick to his stomach. However, their time together dragged on in silence. Nicolas had no idea what to say. What could he say? He risked a look in her direction. Tara was staring out the side of the convertible looking terribly bored.
Nicolas cleared his throat, “Um…so…”
Tara looked at him, her ruby red eyes peering into him. She hooked a strand of her fiery red hair behind an ear, listening. Nicolas forgot what he was going to say.
“Um…never mind,” he said stupidly, cursing himself silently.
“You don’t have to force yourself to talk to me,” Tara said. “I know you and your brother hate my kind.”
“That’s not true!” Nicolas said louder than he meant to, surprising Tara and himself. Clearing his throat he started over, “I mean, that’s not exactly accurate. Admittedly we had our prejudices when we met John, but he’s proved himself to be…honest at the very least. And even though you vowed to kill him, I can’t think of you as a bad person.”
“Why not?”
“Well, you’ve got a pretty good reason to be mad at him. Most people do. Also, you’ve helped us, and you seem to be getting along with Maya. And also…you don’t look like a bad person to me…” he finished quietly.
“Thanks,” Tara smiled and sat back. “Thanks for saying ‘person’.”
Nicolas fidgeted in his seat self-consciously.
“So, what does a bad person look like?” asked Tara.
“An ugly old man with a gun,” he replied instantly.
Tara burst out laughing. Nicolas thought it was the cutest laugh he had ever heard. He smiled at her laugh, and blushed at blurting out something so silly. After that they managed to have a pleasant conversation for the rest of their trip. Nicolas kept the talk casual, relating his and Dmitri’s lighter adventures.
By the time they had finished their errands and were on their way back to the others it was already nearing dusk. Nicolas and Tara were greeted with a warm, though familiar, meal of canned soup and dried fruit. Dmitri was in the back of the camp buried in a tangle of wires connecting his laptop and the automaton.
When he heard Nicolas telling John and Maya about an inn nearby he finally looked up, “How many electrical outlets does it have? Does it have internet access? Wait, before that, did you find a big electronics store? You followed my instructions when setting up the bank account, right? How did it go?”
“Come out of there so I can hit you,” sighed Nicolas at the barrage of questions. “I don’t know about outlets, but it does have internet access. I checked for you. The bank account is set up the way you want it. And there’s an electronics depot in the center of the city.”
Satisfied, Dmitri stood and gathered his things, “Good, let’s get moving. There’s no point in hanging around this dump all day.”
Maya frowned, thinking she and John had done a good job with their camp this time. However, there was no denying that everyone was ready for a warm room and a soft bed. Their days camping were wearing on everybody. Nicolas, this time with John’s help, loaded the machine into the trunk again and the party set off for Arael.
The inn was similarly run-down to the one in the Silver City, though this establishment was a sprawling one-story structure instead of the two-story building they had used a week ago. It was located near the edge of town and away from prying eyes. Their room had the added benefit of sitting adjacent to the parking lot and facing away from the road.
After arriving they forced the machine into their room, arranging its arms and legs until it fit through the door. Nicolas then took Dmitri to the electronics depot, hoping to get there before it closed. It was midnight by the time they came back, but their trip looked to be successful. Their arms were laden with tools, boxes, loose wires and all sorts of unrecognizable gadgets supposedly of some use to Dmitri in his new project.
Dmitri worked through the night on the machine. Everyone was kept awake by the flickering lights of the different devices and monitors, but if that would lead them to Heisenberg everyone was willing to bear with it. It wasn’t until Dmitri unintentionally lit a small fire in the room with his soldering iron that he was forced by his brother to rest.
Four days passed as Dmitri worked. During that time Nicolas gathered information about Khent from various newspapers, magazines, and simply making conversation with the locals. Apparently, strange things had been happening all over the country.
There were reports of monsters and giants only heard of in fairy tales. Reports of people using what appeared to be magic to conjure fire and lightning to raze entire towns. The military was proving useless against the guerrilla tactics the attackers used within Khent’s own cities.
Suspicions were high that Tasmuarona was responsible for these terrorist attacks. Khent’s armies were mobilizing in the coastal cities and at the pass of the Vahren Barrier. Once a collaborative effort to encourage trade, the pass was now a closely guarded opening in the perfect defense of the high, jagged mountains.
Dmitri sighed, “Finished.”
“You found out where Heisenberg is?” asked John hopefully.
“No. This thing uses something other than radio signals to control it; I don’t know how it works. There’s no way to trace it. And the IP address was a dead end.”
John threw a pillow at Dmitri, knocking the young boy over, and asked angrily, “Then what did you finish?”
“A masterpiece!” replied Dmitri with a smile from the floor. “This thing was already a work of art when we found it, from the construction to the coding. And I managed to perfect it! I integrated my artificial intelligence and pattern recognition programs into its coding an–”
“I told you to stop playing around with artificial intelligence!” Nicolas protested. “Are you trying to get the world taken over by machines?”
“It’s not going to take over anything. It’s hard coded to follow my orders. Besides, right now it has the intelligence of an aged cheese. I need to teach it everything from walking to fighting to shooting.”
“You put guns on that thing?!”
“The guns were already there, dummy. And don’t you think with all of our short range fighting power we might need some long range weaponry? This guy will be the perfect addition to our team. And best of all, with its nuclear power source it won’t run out of energy for years!”
Nicolas looked like he was about to faint, “Artificial intelligence…guns…nukes…There’s no way I’m letting you keep that thing.”
“Well, unfortunately for you, we don’t live in a monarchy anymore. Khent uses a parliamentary system.”
“Ha, as if I know what that means!” declared Nicolas.
Dmitri sighed at his brother, “It means we’re putting it to a vote. I’ll go ahead and mark you down as a ‘no’. Maya, how do you vote?”
Maya picked up Sphinx as she thought, petting her. Eventually she said, “Sorry Dmitri, but I think that thing is too dangerous for you.” Nicolas raised a hand to high-five Maya, but she ignored it.
Dmitri clenched a fist and sighed once more, “I thought you would understand.”
“I do understand. You want to be able to protect yourself instead of always relying on your brother. But there should be a safer way than using the enemy’s own machine.”
“Fine,” said Dmitri, giving up on Maya and turning to John and Tara. “How do you vote? Surely you understand the benefits of having a weapon like this on our side.”
John spoke first, “I agree. It would be reassuring if you had a means to fight for yourself. It’s a pain protecting you all the time.”
“Yes! Two votes yes, two votes no,” Dmitri stated excitedly, pumping a fist in the air. “Even if that last part stung a bit. How about you, Tara? The tie-breaking vote is all yours. Are you going with reason, or with technophobic stubbornness?”
Nicolas smacked his brother across the back of his head while Tara thought. After a minute she finally stated her opinion, “Dmitri has a point about adding long range weapons to our arsenal. And it would be useful to have a machine on our side in the case of another biological attack like in Yulsa. If he really does get it working, another fighter would be a big advantage, especially if we’re going to go against Heisenberg. I have to vote yes.”
“Whoo!” shouted Dmitri, jumping around the room in celebration.
“Besides,” continued Tara, “We can always destroy it later if it becomes a problem. We defeated it once, remember?”
“I suppose you have a point,” admitted Nicolas. “But now we’re back to square one. We have no idea how to move from here.”
“Actually, I’ve been giving that some thought,” said Dmitri, putting a pause to his celebrations. “Demon sightings in Khent are much more frequent than what we saw in Tasmuarona. I figure if we travel around investigating, we may come across a demon John recognizes or one that can tell us where Heisenberg is.”
“Traveling around saving the world…now that’s an idea I can get behind,” Nicolas said rubbing his chin.
“How are you going to find demons though? Khent is a big place,” objected Tara.
“One thing Khent has going for it is that its information infrastructure is much more advanced than Tasmuarona,” Dmitri stated matter-of-factly, adjusting his glasses. “Using the search engine I developed we can scour the internet for recent reports of terrorism, strange animal attacks, natural disasters, and other possibly demon related phenomena. Then we simply travel to the nearest, most recent sighting.”
Tara exhaled. Dmitri’s idea was logical and sounded credible, but something seemed…wrong. She had not been with this group long, but were their plans always so simple? Were they always so optimistic?
She thought to voice her concerns, but when she looked around the room and saw the enthusiastic looks on the faces of Nicolas, Dmitri and Maya she decided against it. Even John was noticeably excited. Though he wore his usual stoic expression, he had forgotten his tail again which was wagging and curling itself in eager anticipation.
What was wrong with being simple and optimistic? When she thought about it, Tara realized she didn’t even want John to regain his memories. She would never forgive him, but without his memories he was no threat to the others. There was no point in arguing over a weak plan when she did not hope for its success.
Tara cocked her head. She heard something faint in the distance.
“What’s wrong, John?” asked Maya.
John’s ears were perked and his tail lay still, “I hear sirens.”
“Well, we are on the outskirts of a major city,” said Nicolas, looking over to John. “It’s natural to hear police or an ambulance.”
John shook his head, “These are different. There are voices.”
Nicolas turned to his brother, “Get your things together. If this turns into something we need to be ready to move out.”
“Okay,” Dmitri grumbled. “But I’ll need help with The Destructor (name subject to change).”
“The what?”
“This guy,” Dmitri said pointing to the machine.
Nicolas put a hand to his forehead and sighed, “Your naming sense sucks as always.”
Ignoring the brothers’ banter John stepped outside and listened to the sirens. Maya and Tara followed him through the open door.
“It’s coming closer,” said John to no one in particular.
“I know,” Tara said, “I can hear them now.”
“I can hear explosions or something in the background,” he continued.
Tara clicked her tongue and grumbled, “It’s not a contest.” She leaned back against the wall and closed her eyes, basking in the afternoon sun. She gave up on straining her ears for the indiscernible noise until it came close enough for even Maya to hear.
“ –order. Please follow your neighborhood’s emergency evacuation route and leave this area as soon as possible. I repeat: This is an emergency. Arael is under attack. This is an evacuation order. Leave all non-essentials behind an–”
“It’s a demon attack!” exclaimed Dmitri from behind his computer.
Nicolas threw another pillow at him, “I told you to pack up.”
“If that’s true then those explosions were probably from Giant or Demolition class chimeras,” said Tara.
“Nicolas, get your car,” ordered John.
“I’m not your driver,” Nicolas retorted. “And we’re not going after this one.”
“What?” John replied icily.
“It’s too risky. It seems as though the Khentian army is already taking its own measures against it. If we go we’ll be driving deeper into a military city straight to where its army will be. If you show yourself in front of all those people and soldiers we’ll be captured at best.”
“Your time will come, John. It’s just not now,” said Maya, putting a hand on his shoulder.
John shrugged off the hand and walked away without saying anything. Tara moved to stop Maya from going after him but her hand missed Maya’s arm. She didn’t make any more effort to stop her. Instead she returned to the boys to help them pack, thinking about why she tried to stop her in the first place.
If Maya wanted to hang around a grumpy chimera, that was her choice. She didn’t care if John was unhappy, and John wouldn’t do anything to hurt Maya, at least not until he regained his memories. Tara decided that she was simply worried for Maya’s emotional wellbeing. Getting too close to A9-13 could only lead to pain.
Chapter Twenty-Two
(back to Table of Contents)
 
John and Maya were waiting in the back of the convertible when Nicolas and Tara came dragging Dmitri’s machine. Dmitri ran back and forth from their room to the car transporting his electronics one armful at a time. They were on the road again within the hour, heading away from the sirens and the barely audible explosions and crashes coming from the direction of Arael.
John sat in the back with Maya and Tara, sulking and staring out the side of the car. When had he become so weak as to let humans tell him what to do? Had he lost his former drive? Was hanging around Maya so much having an effect on him? Had that dream world in Yulsa really affected him so much? Or was it something else?
Lost in thought, John almost didn’t notice as Nicolas slowed to a stop on the road. They had been driving for several hours, heading to the next major city. Towns thinned out the farther they drove from Arael, and now they were in the middle of nowhere. Country spread out all around them with trees dotting the plains, and the Vahren Barrier faded slowly behind them.
Dmitri had suggested that they head to Rasparta, which was a fairly large city about an hour away from their current location. The road they were on passed straight through the center of it. According to Dmitri strange things were happening there, indicating a demon may be present. A massive power outage had lasted for several days with no sign of recovery, and there was a rash of unexplained murders.
John had ignored Dmitri’s suggestion. How did a black out and a few deaths equate a demon? The kid was probably just trying to give him a little hope. A meaningless thing to do. John sighed and reluctantly looked ahead to what had caught everyone else’s attention. A lone man stood in the middle of the road blocking their path.
He looked to be slightly older than Nicolas, and just as tall. His slender figure was wrapped in fur-lined white robes that flowed to the side in the wind. Long, snow-white hair hung down his back to his waist. The blinding whiteness was broken only by a wide, silver cloth belt that wound around his waist several times and tied in the back.
His face was strikingly beautiful. It was long and slender with a high brow and straight nose. His fair skin seemed to glow in the sunlight. His gray eyes were narrow, and a cool intelligence swam in them. He began walking toward them.
“Like I’m waiting to see what this guy wants,” declared Nicolas.
Nicolas floored the accelerator and blew his horn at the man to move. He didn’t. At the last moment Nicolas swerved left around him, barely missing him on the narrow road. Suddenly the front tire on the right side of the car exploded, throwing its shredded remains across the road. The convertible spun to a halt behind the motionless man.
“What the–?” Nicolas shook his head, still gripping the wheel tightly.
“Is everyone alright?” Maya asked.
Everyone answered in the affirmative except for John who simply grunted. Nicolas got out of the car with his sectioned-staff in hand. He stood tall and imposing between the man and the convertible. The man turned around and approached them again. With a fluid movement the sectioned-staff snapped together and the blades sprung out into a spear.
“Stop right there,” Nicolas ordered. “Who are you and what do you want?”
“I have no business with you, human,” the man replied coolly. He continued to advance.
John’s ears pricked. A demon? John stood up in the car and looked toward the man. He looked like any other human, but something felt uneasy about him. Just then the wind changed direction, putting John downwind of the man. John’s eyes widened.
“Nicolas, get away!” yelled John. “He’s not an opponent you can handle!”
Nicolas smiled, “Don’t underestimate me, demon.”
The man took another step, putting himself in range of Nicolas’s spear. Nicolas lunged. The man disappeared and reappeared an instant later, his face a breath from Nicolas’s. The man grabbed the arm in which Nicolas held his spear, and with the other hand gripped Nicolas tightly by the throat, strangling him and lifting him off his feet.
Nicolas choked. He clawed at his neck with his free hand trying to escape the man’s iron grip. The demon then effortlessly tossed Nicolas, throwing him past the car. Nicolas hit the pavement hard, rolling several paces before coming to a stop. Dmitri and Maya jumped out of the car and ran to his aid while Tara and John put themselves between the chimera and the others.
“Who are you?” demanded John.
“AS-945.”
Tara balked, “Nine hundred and forty-five? That’s ridiculous! And what’s your rank? Stop screwing with us!”
“My orders are not to answer your questions,” he said, keeping his eyes on John. “But to capture you, big brother.”
“What?” John questioned, confused.
The man continued walking slowly toward them, not saying anything more. John and Tara settled deeper into their fighting stances, clenching fists and weapons respectively. The wind blew the man’s loose sleeves back, revealing a strange transformation taking place. His hands and forearms were thinning and being covered by a milky, translucent material. By the time he was within John and Tara’s range his arms had become like blades.
John and Tara took off in separate directions, circling to the sides of the chimera and converging again to attack. A lightning quick slash forced John to jump out of the way before he had a chance to attack. Tara blocked the strike on her side with her sickles, each blade burying deeply into his sword-shaped arm.
“Hm,” mused the man, looking at his damaged arm as blood trickled from the wounds.
With a quick kick he caught Tara under her ribcage before she could recoil from her attack. She was lifted into the air, the breath knocked out of her. The man shifted to the side while she was still airborne, and with a side kick from the same leg he sent her flying back into the grass on the side of the road.
John lunged at the man while his back was turned, but without even looking the demon swung his arm behind him. John skid to a halt, stopping right before running face-first into the blade. He felt the tip of it brush his eyelashes.
John grabbed the man’s arm, stopping the chimera from slashing at him again. He then kicked at his knees with one leg and thrust a spear-like hand at the chimera’s flank. However, with an inhuman twist the man deftly avoided both strikes and came face to face with John. He raised the arm John held, lifting John easily off the ground. John kicked again, this time at his opponent’s face.
The man blocked with his bladed arm, cutting deeply into John’s leg, and then extended the block into a punch at John’s midsection. John released the demon’s arm and swatted the blade away, cutting his hand on it as he fell back to the ground but avoiding a lethal blow.
John jumped back, putting distance between him and his opponent to give himself a little time to assess the situation. His body was still in working condition, the cuts hadn’t severed any major tendons or arteries. He narrowed his blood vessels to slow the bleeding. The problem was the enormous gap in power.
His mind was buzzing. Every fiber in his body told him to run, but if he did everyone else would be killed. The man walked slowly toward him. Was there any way to win? He knew the answer. Without help he would die. Without at least a distraction there was no way to defeat this demon.
The man crouched. He’s coming, thought John. But before he could react the man was already there, his charge faster than John’s eyes could keep up with. John was picked up off the ground by a running kick. He fell back down heavily on his stomach, and before he could get up the man’s blades pierced his back and pinned him to the ground. John grunted, his power draining.
There was a whistling in the air. The man, pinned to the ground with his own arms through John, could not move in time. With a thunk, Tara’s sickle sunk into his left shoulder. He pulled his arms from John and stood up, looking behind him to see Tara standing on the side of the road, panting. He glanced to Tara, his shoulder, and then his blade covered hands.
“Nuisance,” he observed.
The whitish material that made a blade of his right arm cracked, and then shattered to reveal his hand. The man flexed his hand and made a fist, testing his new freedom. There was another whistling. This time, however, the man deftly caught the sickle and, throwing his whole body forward, he immediately hurled it back at its owner. Then he tore the other sickle out of his shoulder and flung it as well.
Tara raised her hands to catch her sickles, but could not keep up with their speed. One she caught blade first, cutting her fingers to the bone. The other she missed. It buried itself into Tara’s shoulder; its force knocking her backwards with a cry.
“Tara!” cried Maya, running to her side.
“Stay back!” shouted Tara from the ground. Maya stopped in her tracks.
The man took a step in Tara’s direction when suddenly a hand burst through his stomach. The man’s eyes widened and blood spurt from between his thin lips. John resisted the urge to say something clever, feeling he would sound too much like one of those human brothers. Maya gasped, the gruesome sight overwhelming her relief at John’s resurrection.
John’s victorious smile faded when he tried pulling his arm free. It wouldn’t budge. The demon twisted his neck completely around to look at John, his face showing the first sign of emotion since meeting him. It was a look of vehement rage and loathing. With an arcing swing of his remaining bladed arm, the man came down on John’s left arm that was stuck in his stomach.
John watched, disbelieving, unable to do anything to stop him. How could he still move? John felt the demon’s internal organs rupture when he plunged his hand through his back, unlike how John had managed to move his vital organs out of the way when receiving his attack.
Maya screamed, once again, in horror as John’s arm was severed below the elbow. John gasped, barely containing a cry of agony. He staggered backwards and fell, no longer having enough strength to separate himself from his enemy. He bled from the wounds in his back, leg, hand, and the stump of his arm. He felt his body struggling to contain the bleeding, struggling to survive.
John’s vision was narrowing. He distantly heard Maya yelling his name. She was running toward him. Stay away, idiot. The words wouldn’t come out. She ran up from behind the chimera. Without bothering to look, he swung his bladed arm back, aiming for Maya’s neck.
He missed. The man froze in surprise as Maya ran past him to John’s side. She cried over him, begging the demon to spare his life. But he did not hear her words, enraged at both having been wounded and then his attack missing.
The chimera bared his teeth and lunged. Maya threw herself over John’s body in a protecting embrace, knowing full well that she couldn’t do a thing to stop what was about to happen. So this is how I’m going to die, thought Maya. She thought about the last few weeks with her friends. It was such a short span. It was scary at times too, but still the most fun and exciting couple of weeks in her life. She had much for which to be thankful. Maya supposed dying now wouldn’t be unfair in the grand scheme of things.
But still, she thought, I don’t want to die…I don’t want to die!
There was a flash. A purple light covered the world, blinding out everything around Maya and John. And then it was white. A pure white light was all that remained of the road, the grass, the sky, and everything around them. Maya and John floated in nothingness.
Maya looked breathlessly around in awe and surprise and a touch of fear. Were they dead? Was this nothingness death? Maya looked over to John who lay unconscious next to her. She shook him and called out his name.
Her mouth moved mutely. She tried again. Still no sound. In horror, Maya realized she was not breathing. She took a gasping breath but felt nothing, no rush of air into her lungs. Panic began to take over. She was suffocating. She couldn’t breathe. There was no air!
“Calm down, Maya. It’s okay.” A woman’s voice penetrated Maya’s panic; gentle, warm, and loving. The voice seemed to permeate Maya’s very being. She heard it more with her mind than her ears.
A calming warmth washed over Maya, and she realized she was not suffering. It didn’t hurt to not breathe. Confusion replaced the panic. Where was she? Who was talking to her? How could she not breathe? Was she really dead? What about John? Before Maya could voice her questions (or figure out how), the woman laughed. The voice filled Maya’s mind and heart, the emotion of it rubbing off on her and making her smile despite the anxiety and confusion she still felt.
“You’re just like your father,” said the woman. “So full of questions.” And then a figure began to appear. A tall, young, shapely woman emerged from the light. Her hair was dark and hung past her shoulders in soft waves. Her eyes, a light brown, danced in the light. She had a small nose like Maya’s and full lips that did not move when she talked. Maya thought she was the most beautiful woman she had ever seen.
A new barrage of questions entered Maya’s mind, but one in particular rose above them all. You knew my father?
“Of course. I knew him very well.” The voice seemed to come closer; it said gently, “I’m your mother, Maya.”
The revelation hit Maya like a brick. She tried to think how she should feel about finally meeting her mother, especially in this situation. She had entertained fantasies about why she was abandoned at the orphanage, fantasies about heroic parents who died for her, poor parents who couldn’t keep her, selfish parents who didn’t want her. But she never imagined actually meeting them.
What should she say? What should she ask? For once, she was at a loss for words. Maya’s face felt hot. She touched her face and felt tears flowing.
“You’ve grown so much, Maya,” said the voice, still warm but now tinged with pain. “There’s so much I want to ask you. So much I want to tell you.”
Ask me, thought Maya, tell me!
The space around her seemed to take on a harder quality as her mother’s voice gathered strength and resolve. “I can’t. We don’t have much time here, and your friend is hurt.”
Maya looked back at John, suddenly remembering his presence. Fear welled up in her again as she looked at his severed arm and pale face. They weren’t dead, she realized, but John needed help or soon he would be.
“Stay calm, dear. Your friends outside are taking care of him. Right now, we must speak quickly. Already the walls that keep this place in existence are breaking down.”
Maya looked around and saw colors and shapes invading their pure white space. They were drifting back into reality.
“Listen to me, Maya. You must go to Emadox, to the east, and find a man called Cain Wylde. He will help you on your quest.” Her voice grew more insistent, “You must not allow Heisenberg to succeed. He will throw this world into chaos and use that opportunity to seize control of everything.”
Maya nodded, tears threatening to come anew as her mother’s voice grew more distant, more pained.
“I’m sorry to put such a large burden on you,” said Maya’s mother, her pain and regret penetrating Maya’s soul. “You and your friends are the only hope this world has.”
A tendril of whiteness reached out past the swirling, blurry colors invading their space, and touched Maya’s forehead. “I’m sorry we can’t talk more,” said her mother. “Take this and–”
 
* * *
 
A large transport truck came to a slow, grinding halt on the road. The door was kicked open and a thick, burly man stepped out. He wore a flannel shirt tucked hastily into jeans, and a scraggly beard adorned his brick-like chin. The man climbed down the truck and walked up the road.
He inspected the blood and offal splattered across the road, wondering just what had happened. This wasn’t like any road-kill he had seen before. Splinters of bone were scattered everywhere. He would have to be careful not to puncture a tire driving past this mess.
The man walked through the remains to a larger piece of carnage lying in the road. He didn’t cringe in the least at squishing through the blood and flesh that covered the asphalt. Pieces stuck to his boots as he walked through. When he approached the larger bit he crouched down and took a knife from the sheath behind his back. He poked at it and the lump of meat twitched, making the man jump.
“Fresh stuff,” he said with a nervous chuckle.
Giving up on his attempt at figuring out what the mess used to be, he decided to get down to business and clear a path for his truck. The man began kicking larger pieces off the road unceremoniously, making a game out of how far he could launch the refuse. He came to a particularly thick piece with long white hair stuck to it. There was a glint of metal. Probably from the vehicle that hit it, he guessed. He brought his leg back and swung hard.
A sliver of bone pierced his boot and stabbed his foot, bringing a cry of pain from the trucker. He fell down quickly and examined his boot. With a noise that was half whimper of pain and half grunt of anger, he yanked the bone out and then gently took off his boot and sock.
To his surprise there was no blood around the puncture wound. He huffed, angry that such a light wound had hurt so much. Angry at whatever animal had gotten itself run over. He made his way limping back to his truck and sat on the step up to the cab. The burning in his foot was getting worse. It felt like the whole thing was on fire.
He looked down again and saw his foot was going through spasms. Muscles flexed grotesquely, contracting and extending. The pain was growing up his leg. Tears came to his eyes and his breathing grew ragged as he tried to control the pain and fear. Something was wrong. He tried reaching for up for the radio in the cab, but he couldn’t get his body to work anymore.
The man collapsed, the pain growing up his thigh, up his chest, up his neck. It spread to his arms and other leg. And when it finally reached his head, the world exploded in pain. His screams filled the empty road.
Chapter Twenty-Three
(back to Table of Contents)
 
“Mom!”
Maya sat straight up, her arms reaching out in front of her. She was breathing hard as though she had been holding her breath a long time. She looked around, realizing she was suddenly in a very different place. Maya was in an unfamiliar room in an unfamiliar bed. The sheets felt coarser than they should be, as if she was comparing them to something unimaginably more…blissful.
The door burst open, making Maya jump in surprise.
“Quiet, you dolt! This is a hospital!”
“If you would open the door for me I wouldn’t have had to kick it open!”
“My hands are full too, you know!”
Nicolas and Dmitri walked into the room with their arms full of candies, snacks, and drinks, looking like they had just raided a dozen vending machines. Their arguing immediately stopped when they saw Maya sitting up in the bed. They threw their goods to the side and ran to her.
“You’re awake!” exclaimed Dmitri.
“Thank goodness,” Nicolas sighed, putting a hand to his head. “The doctor couldn’t find anything wrong with you, but you just wouldn’t wake up. We were afraid you were caught in the explosion.”
“Explosion? What happened?” Maya asked.
“I came to just in time to see that demon lunge at you. As soon as he got close there was this huge explosion,” said Nicolas, cringing at recalling the scene. “The demon was blown away by something.”
“There wasn’t a piece left of him bigger than my fist,” supplied Dmitri, looking slightly nauseous.
Nicolas continued, “Somehow you got out of it without a scratch, but the both of you were unconscious when we found you. After that we drove as fast as we could to the Rasparta hospital. It’s been almost two days since then.”
“I’ve been asleep for two days?” asked Maya. She received solemn nods from the boys.
Nicolas looked down and clenched his fists, “I’m sorry Maya. I was completely useless this time.”
“I keep telling you,” sighed Dmitri sympathetically. “You weren’t useless. Big D got some great data from your fight!”
Nicolas glared at his brother, “And I keep telling you, I’m not exactly thrilled about that.”
At that point the door opened again and a short, balding man with a bushy gray mustache and wearing a white lab coat walked in the room. He carried a clipboard with him and had his nose buried in it until several paces in the room. When he finally looked up, he noticed Maya awake and sitting up in the bed.
“Oh, wonderful!” he said with a jovial smile. “You’re awake! When did you regain consciousness?”
“Um, just now,” Maya said as the doctor brushed past the boys and began checking Maya’s vitals.
“Oh! Nice timing, huh? I don’t suppose you feel like explaining anything? Your brothers here won’t say a word.”
From behind the doctor Maya saw Nicolas put a finger to his lips and Dmitri with his arms crossed above his head, motioning for silence. “Sorry,” said Maya. “I don’t remember much.”
“Okay,” the doctor sighed, getting up. “Well, you’re the healthiest girl I’ve ever seen wake up from a coma. I think we can unhook you from the IV and all these machines, but I’d like to keep you here a while for observation.”
“Okay. Um...how’s John?”
Nicolas and Dmitri frantically shook their heads as the doctor thought. “Oh, um, never mind,” stammered Maya. “I’m not thinking straight, I–”
 “Ah, the John Doe we found when you arrived. So that’s his name…” the doctor mused. “He’s fine. We’ll have a long talk about him later. Right now you rest and get some food in you. Okay?”
The doctor patted her shoulder and walked out of the room buried back in the clipboard.
“Sorry!” Maya apologized as soon as the door closed. “I didn’t know!”
“It’s okay,” said Nicolas. “We thought it would be better if they didn’t know we were related to demons in any way.”
“Chimeras,” corrected Dmitri. “But it seems the authorities weren’t contacted yet. No idea why, but it’s good for us.”
“Still, we need to get John and leave quickly before they change their mind.”
“Where’s Tara?” Maya asked.
“She’s in a hotel just down the street. She went to a free clinic to get stitched up. Less questions there,” Nicolas explained. “Sphinx is with her too, just so you know.”
“Thanks,” she smiled.
The door opened again, interrupting their conversation. Two nurses entered the room and shooed the boys to the side as one removed the monitors and IV attached to Maya and the other brought in a tray of food. The tray was laden with standard hospital fare: a patty of lean minced meat covered in a mysterious sauce, a salad made mostly of lettuce, a banana, and a sliver of plain white cake for desert.
Maya’s heart pounded when she saw the cake. Something tugged on the edges of her memories. A whiteness…a voice…and suddenly everything rushed back to her. Her mother, her mission, and the knowledge she received just before they parted. Maya gasped audibly, turning the heads of everyone in the room.
“Are you okay?” one of the nurses asked in concern.
“Yeah, I just…yeah,” Maya blushed, unable to come up with an excuse. She tried to control her excited breathing.
The nurse eyed her suspiciously, “Well, let us know right away if you start hurting anywhere.”
“Sure, thank you.”
The nurses left the room and the brothers turned to Maya for an explanation.
“I remember everything,” she told them. Maya looked up at the boys with an intensity that made them stand up straight. “We have to stop Heisenberg!”
“Who’s Heisenberg?” asked the doctor walking in through the door again.
“Does this place have no sense of privacy?!” exploded Nicolas.
The doctor laughed, “Sorry, sorry. I just came to tell you that your friend woke up. Remarkable considering the trauma his body has been through and the sedatives in his system. In fact, considering he has animal ears and a tail, I’d say it’s humanly impossible.”
The doctor’s eyes gleamed cunningly from behind his half-moon spectacles. Nicolas and Dmitri glared back at him. “Why haven’t you called the authorities yet, Dr. Lussi?”
The doctor looked down to his name badge and then smiled at Dmitri, “The police are spread too thin already due to the blackout. This hospital is lucky to have such an extensive backup system, but hopefully power comes back soon.” Dr. Lussi looked apprehensively at the lights above, and then flashed the trio a toothy smile, “Also, as a doctor I’d be remiss to let this opportunity pass by. Your friend’s healing ability is astonishing. Just think of all the medical applications if we could harness his power!”
Nicolas took a defensive posture and said to the doctor, “He’s not your lab rat.”
“I know. And I have my oaths as a doctor to stand by…” Dr. Lussi lamented raising his hands in a placating gesture, and then his face immediately brightened again. “But what if we arrange a little trade? I won’t call the police, and I’ll share everything I learn about your friend. I’ll even let you visit him. In return, you tell me everything you know about him and let me run a few harmless tests.”
Nicolas looked at Dmitri who was thinking hard to find a solution that would keep them out of danger and under the radar. However, having half of their party indisposed and in need of treatment left few options.
“And will you let us go after John has healed?” asked Maya.
“Of course. That is, if you don’t hold anything back. However, it can take up to a year to recover from reattachment surgery of this scale. For a normal human, that is,” he added seeing the flash of concern across their faces.
“What kind of tests are you talking about?” Nicolas asked the doctor.
Dr. Lussi shrugged, “A standard physical, taking some blood samples, and watching his recovery progress.”
The trio looked at each other. “I don’t see what choice we have,” said Dmitri. “We can’t move until John has recovered.”
After a moment’s thought, Maya set a determined look on her face and looked up at the doctor. “Okay. You have a deal. Just know that we can fight our way out of here, hospital or not, if you try anything funny.”
The doctor held up a hand, “No funny business. I swear. Now, eat up and I’ll take you to your friend. He’s making quite a fuss demanding to see you.” The doctor winked at Maya, causing her to blush.
While Maya scarfed down her food, Nicolas excused himself to call Tara and tell her that they would soon be able to visit John. He also explained their predicament with the doctor. Tara grunted an acknowledgement and told Nicolas she was on her way.
She arrived minutes later draped in her usual cloak, hiding her horns under the hood. Once all four were gathered, Dr. Lussi escorted them to the intensive care ward. They were led into a private, locked room at the end of the hall. To her great relief, Maya found John lying safely in the bed.
Bandages were wrapped around his head, torso, and leg. His left arm was raised in a sling beside the bed. An external frame held together by pins penetrating the skin and anchored to the bone above and below the slice held his severed arm together. Layers of bandages wrapped around the screws and the wound. His other limbs had been strapped down to the bed with thick leather straps.
A scraping sound emanated from his side. John was busy at work scratching at the strap holding his right arm down, slowly cutting through the thick material.
“Ah! Stop that!” shouted Dr. Lussi rushing to John’s side.
John flexed his muscles and the strap popped. Before the doctor could retreat John grabbed him by the lapel and pulled him down. “Where’s Maya? Let me out of here!”
Maya peeked out from behind the doctor, waving at John, “Hello.”
Dr. Lussi pulled away while John was still in shock. Straightening his clothes again, he huffed, “You’re hardly well enough to move, let alone leave this hospital. Now lie still and say hello to your friends.”
“Worried about me?” Maya grinned.
John’s face grew red and he turned away. “You’re such a good boy!” mocked Maya, reaching over and scratching John’s ears. John tensed at her touch and then immediately relaxed, sinking deeper into the bed.
“Cut that out!” he breathed through the pleasure, weakly raising his free hand in a futile attempt to wave Maya off. “I’ll kill you…”
The boys smiled evilly at John’s embarrassment while Tara turned away, a strange mix of emotions on her face. The doctor peered over his glasses in interest, “So that’s how you calm him down.”
He reached over and touched one of John’s ears. The spell was instantly broken. John’s arm whipped up and grabbed the doctor by the wrist, the pressure dropping him to his knees. “Touch me again and I’ll rip off your arm,” growled John.
Dr. Lussi nodded frantically and was tossed aside by John. He grabbed his arm, blue and purple rapidly spreading over the area. “Violent…” Dr. Lussi muttered. He quickly regained his composure and announced, “Well, now that we’re all gathered, shall we talk?”
Chapter Twenty-Four
(back to Table of Contents)
 
Over the course of the next hour the party explained their different circumstances and experiences to the doctor, ending with Maya. As her turn approached, she quickly realized that she had dug herself into a hole with all her lies. Now is as good a time as any to come clean, she supposed reluctantly. She would have to if she was going to tell them about meeting her mother in that white space.
She suspected John already knew about her fabricated past, but telling Nicolas and Dmitri was going to be painful. And Tara especially, having just recently overcome her suspicions. Maya was scared, terrified really, but she had to do it. Maya took a breath and started telling the entire group the truth about her terribly boring life; the fact that she was raised in a small orphanage in a poor town north of Sarcona, read too many adventure stories growing up, and eventually ran away. The end.
“I’m sorry,” she said quietly to everyone as she looked down at her feet. “I just didn’t like having such a boring life. I wanted be someone special and interesting.”
She looked around the room. Everyone was silent. Nicolas was leaning against the wall with his eyes closed and arms crossed. Dmitri sat on the foot of the bed looking down at his hands. John’s eyes were locked on Maya and he gave her a small nod. Maya’s heart lifted a bit. At least John accepted her.
From behind Maya, Tara put a hand on her shoulder and gave her a small smile. Nicolas looked up and smiled as well. “I’ve got hobbies worse than telling stories,” he said. “And I admit, we didn’t give you many reasons to trust us in the beginning.”
“Guys…” Maya choked, sniffing back her tears. They proved me wrong again, she thought. Maya was sure she would be hated for taking advantage of everyone’s trust for such a silly reason.
“Yeah, yeah. So you told a couple lies.” Jerking a thumb toward his brother, Dmitri said, “We’ve definitely done worse. And, just for the record, I never really believed you anyway. Now get back to your story. We want to know what happened when that chimera spontaneously exploded.”
Maya put a hand on Dmitri’s head and tussled his hair through his hat, laughing. Dmitri stumbled back to the protection of his brother and Maya smiled one last time. She told them everything she saw and heard over the past two weeks, marveling at how quickly the time seemed to have flown by.
When she got to the explosion she slowed down, thinking about how she would explain everything she learned from that blank world and how she could prove it wasn’t just a dream. She told them everything about the world she found John and herself in, about her mother’s warning and revelation, and the knowledge she gained.
“What knowledge?” Dmitri asked.
“Everything my mother knew about Heisenberg and her own power,” answered Maya. “The fact is that Heisenberg isn’t simply trying to start a war, he’s trying to destroy the reality of this world.”
“The reality of this world?” repeated Nicolas incredulously, not understanding.
“Think about it,” she said. “We’re traveling with a boy with dog ears and a girl with horns while fighting killer machines and trees.”
“I guess you have a point. It’s not exactly something I would have imagined myself doing…”
“Heisenberg has something even more devastating in store, though I don’t know what it is.”
“What’s the power you mentioned your mother had?” Tara asked her.
Maya twiddled her thumbs and fidgeted in her seat, and said quietly, “Well, she was…I mean, I think…she was a…a psychic.”
Dmitri snorted a surprised laugh and was immediately smacked by his brother who asked calmly, “Psychic? How so?”
“Psychic as in it was me who blew up the demon.”
Nicolas whistled, impressed, and looked Maya over as if seeing her for the first time. Dmitri shook his head with a smile and walked up to Maya, putting a hand on hers, “Maya, there’s no such thing as psychic powers. That explosion was probably caused by an underground gas pipe that burst during the fight. And your dream…was just a dream.”
“I can prove it,” said Maya.
Dmitri blinked slowly, “Okay, go ahead.”
Maya walked over to the cabinets in the room, picked out a roll of gauze and held it out in her hand, “Let me establish two facts. First, there exists some probability for any and every outcome in the universe. Second, it is possible to link two particles in order to transfer information instantly.”
“Hm…you learned some fancy stuff in that dream,” said Dmitri raising an eyebrow. “But quantum entanglement is a weak theory for telekinesis.”
“On a particle level, maybe. It’s more useful for telepathy. But remember that particles can be expressed as waves. Some people, like me and my mother, are able to alter random probability with their intentions. In other words, we have certain characteristics in our brain waves that allow our thoughts to affect probability.
Our brain waves link with those of the particles around us and alter them to choose unrealistic paths. In an ideal world, the most reasonable outcome always occurs, but we can flip that possibility of happening or not happening.”
Dmitri looked uncomfortable, “There are a few holes in your argument, but I’ll let that slide. Why don’t you go ahead and show me what you’re capable of, if you’re so confident.”
Maya raised her hand, palm open with the gauze resting on top. She closed her eyes and concentrated. She settled into the sure conviction she needed to alter reality, the absolute defiance of common sense. Maya believed with all her heart that gauze floats. She smiled, “How’s that?”
“How’s what?”
Maya opened her eyes. The gauze was still in her hand. “No way! It was supposed to levitate!”
Dmitri laughed smugly, “I told you, no such thing as psychic powers.”
“I did everything the way I was supposed to!”
“Maybe just having knowledge of how it’s done isn’t enough,” offered Nicolas. “You just need practice.”
Maya narrowed her eyes at his patronizing tone. 
Dr. Lussi cleared his throat, getting their attention, “I’ve heard from all of you, now, how about I share what I have?”
“You’re right,” said John frostily. “Let’s hear what you have to say.”
 
* * *
 
Captain Perry walked through the corpses, marveling at what a couple of well-placed hand grenades could do to a horde of chimeras. They were some sort of hideous, nature-defying mix between a mountain lion and an ape. The Captain shook his head at the atrocity he had just recently been a part of.
 The streets of the relatively large city were empty but for the bodies of the mutants, proving even without Heisenberg’s backing Perry still had the weight of his position and connections behind him. There was movement at his feet. With a quick, but casual motion he pointed his pistol at the beast’s head and fired once. It went still.
Perry’s headset buzzed and Adams’s voice rang out, “That’s all of them, sir.”
“Alright,” Captain Perry replied. “Keep your position and watch my back. We’ll burn the bodies and pass them off as wild dogs or something.”
“Aye ay–,” static cut off the corporal’s response.
“Adams? Adams, come in.”
“Hello!” sang a bubbly voice. Perry tensed. “You’ve been doing something unnecessary, haven’t you, Captain?”
“You said I was free. I assumed that meant I was free to clean up your mess.”
“Bitter, with a subtle undertone of insubordination,” Heisenberg observed.
“I was of the understanding that I’m not under your command anymore.”
“Oh, I’m sorry. I hurt your feelings,” said Heisenberg in his best apologetic voice. Captain Perry gritted his teeth. “But good news! I have a way to make you no longer obsolete! Come meet me right away, I’m sending you the coordinates.”
Perry’s handheld buzzed in his pocket. He took it out and flipped it open. “The Pass? What in the world are you concocting, Heisenberg?”
“That’s on a need to know basis,” sang the doctor. “Just make sure you come.”
“And if I refuse?”
“Oh, don’t say that. You wouldn’t want to lose your new pet now, would you?”
“What are you talking about?”
His question was met with silence, and then Captain Perry heard a scream both through his headset and from above, from the five story building behind him. Perry cursed and dropped his handheld, running into the building and up the stairs to the roof. There he saw one of the beasts on top of the Corporal with its jaws around his arm, swiping with its claws at his face and chest. Adams tried ineffectively to fend off the attacks with his other arm.
Perry pointed his pistol at the thing, but couldn’t get a clear shot. “Call off your beast, Heisenberg!” he shouted into his headset, running at the chimera. 
Silence.
With another curse, Perry pulled out his combat knife and plunged it into the chimera’s back. It went halfway into the hard muscle of the demon before it snapped. With a bubbling growl through blood and saliva, the beast swat at Captain Perry, raking his face with its bloody claws.
Perry bit back a cry of pain and jumped onto the thing’s back, trying to pull it off the screaming Corporal. “I’ll do it!” he yelled into his headset. “I’ll do it! Now call off your beast!”
There was a small pop and the monster dropped, thick blood oozing from its eyes, ears and nose. Captain Perry pried its jaws off the Corporal with the hilt of his knife. Adams’s forearm bent at an odd angle, seemingly held together only by the few remaining strands of flesh on his arm. Bone was openly visible.
Captain Perry tried to ignore the sight as he ripped off his sleeve to make a tourniquet, but couldn’t shield his ears from the Corporal’s screams. A bubbly voice came back over the headset, “I’ll be expecting you within the week.”
 
* * *
 
Dr. Lussi held out a sealed plastic bag to John with a collection of metal and plastic shards within it. “We found this in your head.”
 “What were you doing in my head?” John asked accusingly.
The doctor waved a dismissive hand, “Procedure for trauma cases is full body radiology. After finding something so dangerous in such a sensitive area it was only natural to go in and remove it while you were already under the knife.”
“What is it?” asked Dmitri.
“Effectively a mind control device,” answered Maya. The room looked at her. “It releases electrical stimuli into the frontal lobe of the brain when orders are given, making them more likely to accept and follow them. There’s also a small explosive in the event the orders are not followed.”
“More of your dream knowledge?” queried Dmitri.
Maya made a face at him.
“She may actually be correct,” mused Lussi. “This looks like the remains of an electrode array and radio receiver. We also found the remains of a bullet. Fits your story pretty well.”
“Maya,” began Tara, her voice shaking. “Could I have one of those things in my head too?”
Maya nodded and said quietly, “Most likely.”
Tara reached up to the old wound between her horns, her eyes beginning to water. Before Maya could think of something comforting to say, Tara dove on top of John, dropping the jaws of everyone in the room. John cried out in surprise and pain.
“John!” cried Tara, embracing him tightly despite his protests. “I knew you wouldn’t betray me! You were destroying the device before they used it to bring me back or kill me!”
Nicolas and Maya stood with their mouths agape, while Dr. Lussi and Dmitri struggled to pull the girl off John. Tears still streaming down her face, Tara eventually calmed down enough to allow herself to be removed. She took a new position kneeling at the side of the bed and holding John’s free hand.
“John,” she sniffed. “I knew you cared for me. After everything we’ve been through together…I knew you shared my feelings!”
Maya put a hand on Tara’s shoulder and looked to John with an odd sort of smile, “Hey, John, what feelings exactly?” Nicolas nodded fervently in the background, seconding her question.
John gently removed his hand from Tara’s and turned away, saying quietly, “I told you before, I don’t share your feelings.”
“John…you remember?”
Still looking away, he nodded.
Chapter Twenty-Five
(back to Table of Contents)
 
Later that evening nothing had been resolved. After revealing he had regained his memories as far back as his first days of training under Heisenberg, John went quiet. He only responded with a yes or no to questions until finally falling silent. One by one the room slowly emptied until John was eventually left to his own. Tara was the last to leave.
She sat on top of the fence enclosing the hospital roof, precariously perched twelve stories above the street below, as comfortable as a cat on a window ledge. Wind flapped through her cloak, blowing the hood off her head. She sighed.
“You’re not going to jump, are you? ‘Cause that would be a stupid thing to do.”
Tara looked around and saw Dmitri casually walking up behind her. She turned back to face the expansive cityscape in front of her. The setting sun cast myriad colors across the city. It colored the sky a blazing orange and regal purple that reflected back down on the dark buildings of Rasparta, creating a muddled sea of brown and gray in stark contrast to the brilliance above it.
“No, I’m not going to jump,” she replied after a pause.
Dmitri leaned his back on the fence below Tara and sipped at his can of soda. After another short moment he asked, “What are you going to do now? John regained his memories, but I don’t think you still want to kill him.”
Tara sighed again, “I’ve only had two missions in life. The first was given to me by Heisenberg: to kill whoever I was ordered to. The second I gave myself: to kill the man who betrayed me. Now that I know he didn’t really betray me, I don’t know what to do.”
“You’re not going to stay with us?”
“Why? John doesn’t share my feelings. I don’t even know if he has the capacity.”
“True, love would be a useless emotion to give a chimera assassin.”
Tara fell backward, holding onto the fence with her legs. Her hair brushed the top of Dmitri’s hat as she hung upside down. “You’re a very blunt person.”
“So I’ve been told.”
“You didn’t come here to make me feel better did you?”
“I’m not sure if I could,” he said. “Maya would give you some romantic line about finding a dream rather than a mission. Nicolas would tell you to do whatever your heart tells you. I was just wondering if you would stay with us.”
“Why do you want me to stay?” Tara asked, genuinely puzzled.
Dmitri shrugged, “Increases our chances of survival. You’re a good object of research. And you’re my friend. There, three good reasons.”
“I’m not sure about that second one,” chuckled Tara.
Dmitri walked back to the stairwell, with one hand in his pocket and the other holding his empty soda can. Smiling and with his back to Tara, he said, “Besides, Nicolas would be devastated if you left.”
Tara frowned, “What does that mean?”
Without looking back Dmitri raised his soda can to her in farewell and left her thinking. Just now, thought Dmitri, I was really cool.
 
* * *
 
Maya sat next to the door outside John’s room while Nicolas stood beside her. Things were moving quickly away from her idealized adventure story. She tried not to show it, but the days of constant life-and-death danger were threatening to break her down. She shivered from more than just the chill of the overworked air-conditioner.
John had almost lost an arm, almost died. And she almost died with him. It was only thanks to a miracle that they were still alive. And now she was starting to doubt that miracle. Had her mother really come to her then, or was it all just a dream like Dmitri said?
This was not how things were supposed to be. She was not supposed to be this scared. Things were spiraling out of control, especially if her dream had any truth to it. She was not supposed to be responsible for saving the world. It was supposed to be fun. Her adventures were supposed to be things like joining a circus or falling in love. Instead, love was happening to everyone but her.
Maya tapped her foot in irritation. No, that’s not how she should be thinking. She should be happy for Tara. It’s not like she had feelings for John. He was rude, short-tempered, and violent. Not to mention he was short and not particularly handsome…completely not her type. Maya’s foot quickened its pace.
Dr. Lussi walked around the corner and headed their way. Maya stood up to meet him. “Just stopping by to check in on him,” he said noticing her expectant look. “Any change since this afternoon?”
Maya and Nicolas both shook their heads. “He hasn’t said a word other than to ask for food.”
Impressed, the doctor whistled as he walked through the door, “That boy’s got an appetite. He’s been through five meals already.”
Maya and Nicolas followed Dr. Lussi into the room where they saw John absently drinking a carton of milk through a straw while staring at his reflection in the dark window.
“You’re going to eat us out of business,” laughed Lussi, moving to check John’s vitals through the various machines he was hooked up to. “Slow down, I still want to keep you here for a month or so.”
Nicolas reeled, “A month? We can’t stay here that long!”
“What did you think?” asked the doctor innocently. “It will take at least two months for John’s bones to knit together. After that we can take the pins out, but he’ll still need another year or so of physical therapy.”
Nicolas shook his head, “You don’t understand. It’s simply not safe for us to stay here. Dangerous for us and the hospital, doc.”
“You don’t understand that it’s simply not possible. Even with his healing abilities it’s impossible to leave any sooner.”
John sucked air through his straw like he was trying to slurp up the carton itself, destroying the tension in the room and interrupting their conversation. With their attention back on him, John said, “Don’t worry, Nicolas, we’ll be out of here in a week.”
This time the doctor reeled, “That…that’s impossible! I just said, even with your abilities you need at least a month for the bones to heal, and you’ll need a year for the nerves to grow back through your arm!”
John tilted his head in the direction of his hand in the sling. A finger twitched in defiance of the doctor’s logic. Dr. Lussi’s jaw dropped.
“Video! I need this on video!” He ran to the door, then stopped abruptly and ran back in the room to the cabinets, “Blood samples! I need blood and tissue samples!”
Suddenly the lights went out. There was a crash in the direction of the doctor and then silence. The hum of the air conditioners dwindled down into nothingness. A moment later the emergency lights came on, revealing the doctor on the floor rubbing his head.
He looked around in horror at the dark hospital. The fear on his usually jovial face made Maya’s breath catch in her throat. He jumped to his feet with surprising quickness and ran out to the hall followed by Maya and Nicolas, leaving John to slurp noisily at a new carton of milk.
“The backup generators aren’t coming on,” he breathed, looking around in the darkness. Nurses started to gather at the station down the hall. A quiet, confused rumble of voices filled the air. The doctor took a few steadying breaths, and then puffed out his chest and marched toward the nurses’ station.
“Stay calm,” he ordered, his own voice shaking. “You’ve all trained for this. Go make sure all of the patients are okay, and check that artificial respirators are operating under battery power.”
The nurses dispersed and separated to set about their individual tasks. Dr. Lussi then reached over the desk, standing on the tips of his toes to do so, and grabbed the phone. He sighed in relief when he heard the dial tone. His fingers pounded the keypad and he brought the receiver to his ear.
“Maintenance?” he demanded more than asked. “What’s going on down there?”
From the phone, audible even from where Maya and Nicolas stood, came a confused voice, “I have no idea. Something overloaded the system and blew the breakers, but with no power from the city grid I can’t imagine wha–”
There was a crack like lightning and the voice stopped.
“Hello? What happened? Anyone there?” Dr. Lussi was growing more panicked.
A noise grew from the silence on the phone. Louder and louder, until a mad, cackling laughter was clearly audible. Dr. Lussi released the receiver and dropped to his knees.
“Dr. Lussi!” cried Maya, running to his side and kneeling down beside him. She gently turned the doctor around and had him sit on the floor with his back to the desk. His breath was quick and ragged, panic stricken. Nicolas walked over and squatted in front of the doctor.
“Doc, where’s the generator room?”
Dr. Lussi stared in front of him, past Nicolas. Nicolas grabbed the doctor by his lapel and shook him, “Doc!”
The doctor looked up, realization coming to his eyes. His hands clasped over Nicolas’s. “You’re strong, aren’t you? Your friends are strong, right? Please, do something! We have patients in critical condition! If the power doesn’t come back on soon…”
“Where are the generators?”
“West elevators…basement two…”
“Maya,” Nicolas said, turning to her. “Take the doctor to John’s room and stay there. He might at least be able to scare off anything that comes around.”
Maya nodded, “Good luck.”
Nicolas got up and ran around the corner while Maya turned to the doctor. He was staring off into space, trembling. This is going to take some work, thought Maya. She took his hand and gently whispered encouraging and comforting words to him, trying to give the doctor strength enough to move. All the while trying to ignore her own fears.
The emergency lights flickered through states of weak and strong, on and off, making the shadows in the hallway appear to move. The dark and silence were oppressive, almost tangible. An eeriness built up around them, giving the hall the feeling of a haunted house.
A wind brushed the back of Maya’s hair. Something was moving behind her. Maya froze as a tingle of fear ran up her spine. She understood Nicolas’s earlier complaint that he felt useless. She couldn’t do a thing without Tara or the boys there to protect her. She found herself wishing John was with her now.
Maya gathered up what little courage she had and peeked over her shoulder. Nothing was there. With a sigh of relief she sank to the floor. Was it just her imagination? Whatever it was, the scare was more than annoying. She was going to get gray hair while still in her teens.
Still weak in the knees, Maya started pulling on Dr. Lussi. She couldn’t wait out there in the open any longer; she needed to get to John where there was at least the illusion of safety. Whispering more encouragement, Maya got the doctor to his feet and began half-guiding, half-pulling him down the hall.
 
* * *
 
Nicolas stopped abruptly after turning the corner when he saw a guide map of the hospital. The red “You Are Here” arrow was irritatingly far from the west wing, but at least it was a straight shot from here. He started running again, his long loping strides eating through the distance.
Keeping his mind off of Tara and his brother was a difficult task. Tara had been missing since John’s revelation and Dmitri had only left to get a drink. He hoped they were safe. It would be even better if they had found each other, but the possibility of finding trouble was, from experience, much higher.
Nicolas rolled his neck. I’m too tense, he thought. If there was a fight ahead his body needed to be loose and his head cool. He came to the door of the central stairwell just in time for it to slam open and knock him into the opposite wall. The window behind him cracked.
On his knees, Nicolas grabbed his sectioned-staff from his belt in a flash and held it out in a defensive posture, ready to meet his attacker. Two forms stepped out of the stairwell.
“What are you doing?” Dmitri asked, slightly embarrassed to find his brother on the floor, wide-eyed as though he had been caught doing something wrong.
Nicolas started thinking of angry retorts, but saw Tara next to Dmitri and swallowed it. He straightened and brushed himself off. “Glad to see you safe. The hospital is being attacked by something. I’m going to go take care of it.”
“I’ll go with you,” Tara offered.
“No,” said Nicolas, chagrined at deliberately declining a chance to be alone with Tara. “I need you to take D back and protect the others. John isn’t in any condition to fight.” Tara nodded, conceding to his logic, and Nicolas turned to leave.
“Wait, Nic!” started Dmitri.
Nicolas looked back. Was his brother actually worried for him? With a little smile Nicolas ran a hand through his long hair, “Don’t worry, little brother. I’m coming back alive.”
Dmitri ran up to him and pushed something into his hands, “No, it’s not that. I want you to videotape your fight. I need more data for Big D.” Nicolas stared at Dmitri who looked back at him hopefully, and then calmly flung the camera down the hall. It hit the floor with a crack and slid to a stop several paces away.
“What did you do that for?!” yelled Dmitri.
“Can’t you act a little concerned for your big brother? I’m not your test dummy!” Nicolas snapped back. He then began walking away, raising a hand to Tara, “I’ll leave D in your hands.”
Nicolas broke into a run and left Tara holding back Dmitri who had been reduced to spewing out a medley of curses and insults not at all suitable for his age.
Chapter Twenty-Six
(back to Table of Contents)
 
How could a human be this strong? How could anything be this strong? He wasn’t even breaking a sweat. How could she, a rank eight demolitionist, be outdone by a human so easily?
She spit blood out of her mouth into the grass. The moon was bright overhead, illuminating the hill they were fighting on. Her dress was ruined. She had finally found something cute to wear and now it had been reduced to rags. White frills hung precariously off the edges of the pink fabric, and ragged gashes through the skirt and blouse threatened to reveal her childish figure. Not the best clothes for fighting in, she thought in retrospect.
Looking up at her opponent, she felt small for the first time. He was a giant, muscular, hairy, disgusting human; the complete opposite of her tiny, slender frame. She looked almost like a child, if a child had long pointed ears. However, her size had never stopped her in the past. She could lift a car like an ant carrying food dozens of times its size.
“Who are you? No human is this strong,” she said, trying to buy time as she coiled the wire around her weapons. A wire stretched from a cuff around each of her wrists to axles connecting the two disks of each weapon. They were painted brightly to look just like oversized children’s toys. They were as deceptive as her own body.
The weapons each weighed more than half her body weight, but she could throw them with enough force to break a tree in half, and she had the precision to match. She and her weapons were made to cut large swathes out of infantry lines. Though, against this man, they seemed to have no effect. Actually, she had not even hit him to know, but she had a feeling that even if they found their target her trusted weapons would not be enough to stop him.
The man, who had a calm, almost bored expression throughout the fight finally showed some emotion. His lips curled and eyes narrowed in a look of barely constrained rage, “I am no human. I’m merely forced to borrow this body for the time being. Humans are curious to the point of self-destruction. This one stopped to investigate my remains and became my unwilling host. It will serve my purpose until I fully integrate with it and regain my original form.”
“You…you’re…” She dropped her weapons to her side. There was no way she could beat this man – this chimera. If her guess was correct, then he was the pinnacle of Heisenberg’s chimeric research, a culmination of decades of experimentation and fine tuning. A true demon. “Why are you doing this? You should be wreaking havoc on the humans.  If you fight against Heisenberg he’ll kill you.”
“By shedding my old body I also shed my slavery to that human,” he stated. “I will build an army of only the strongest chimeras and destroy humankind; that man included. You I have deemed worthy. Follow me and I will free you of that human, and together we will create a new world.”
Was he serious? It was madness to go against Heisenberg. However, if anyone could do it, if anyone could wipe out all humans including that insane old man, it would be this chimera. No, this demon. Her awe changed into giddy anticipation. She laughed maniacally, unable to control herself. Freedom!
After several moments the man asked, “What is your decision?”
She calmed down and, with a smile, curtseyed and said with her cutest voice, “My liege…”
The man approached her, “Abandon your slave name. You will no longer be known by rank and assignment. From now on you will be known as Paad.”
Paad. The name rang in her ears. She finally had a name of her own. Paad looked up at the man, this time in admiration. Her heart fluttered as he knelt down to eye level with her and put an arm around the small of her back.
“What do I call you?”
Reaching behind his back with his other arm, he said, “Call me…Ra-En.” Then, with a motion faster than her eyes could see, he slammed a knife into the center of her forehead.
 
* * *
 
Nicolas held each end of the sectioned-staff in his hands, the spear tip extracted and the middle section hanging freely. Large generators, stacked two-high so that no space was wasted between the floor and the low ceiling, lined both sides of the long room, providing too many places for enemies to hide. He walked softly down the narrow gap between them, trying not to make a sound as he scanned the place.
What I wouldn’t give to have John’s nose right now, he thought.
Then there was movement. Nicolas spun to the side, peering through the shadows between two stacks of the machines, but saw nothing. There was a scuttling behind him and he spun again. Were there two of them? More?
There was a noise again. No, thought Nicolas, each noise only comes from one direction. There’s only one of them. “Come out with your hands up and I won’t kill you,” said Nicolas. “I know you’re alone.”
Nicolas felt a presence behind him and stiffened. “You’re smart,” said a genuinely impressed voice. “But you’re not strong enough to kill me.”
With a flick of his wrist Nicolas slung the spearhead over his shoulder and behind his back. Whoever was behind him was forced to jump back. Nicolas dove forward, rolled onto his feet and then looked up behind him. There, caught in the flickering emergency lights, stood something that looked vaguely human. It had arms, legs, and a head, but the resemblance stopped there.
Its skin was dark and scaly like a reptile, and its digits ended in long, black claws. Even its eyes and mouth were black, like a shadow incarnate. It was about a head shorter than Nicolas. Short, thick muscles rippled up and down its body. Seeing as how it managed to dodge his attack, Nicolas judged it was fast as well.
The thing whistled, “Close one. I felt the wind on that. It looks like you might be able to provide me with a little entertainment after all.”
Nicolas thought back to Dmitri’s report several days ago in the car, just before meeting that insanely powerful demon that nearly killed everyone. He stared intensely at the thing before him, “You’re the one responsible for the power outages and all the recent murders in this town, aren’t you?”
“Correct. Now, how do you think I did it?”
“I don’t really care,” said Nicolas gripping his staff tightly and trying to figure out how to fight in such cramped conditions. He kept his weapon in three pieces, knowing that connecting the rod would not benefit him in this environment.
He didn’t actually have much experience in fighting in these kinds of places. He could hardly even face forward without his shoulders brushing the sides of the generators. His enemy was in the same predicament, but if it came down to a test of strength he wasn’t sure he could win.
“You should care. It will help you stay alive longer. I want a good fight for a change. I can’t have you dying right off the bat.”
“We’ll see who does the dying, demon,” growled Nicolas. He lunged forward down the small hallway and swung the spear end down on the demon.
The demon dodged the swing, and the next, and the next, all while speaking normally to Nicolas, “Demon? Is that what you call us? Huh, I like it. It’s got a certain…whatever-you-call-it.”
Nicolas was getting agitated at constantly missing, but noticed the wall behind the demon gradually drawing nearer. He was pushing him back, and soon the demon would have nowhere to run. Nicolas slashed and the demon jumped back again, hitting the wall. With a final yell he lunged forward with his spearhead.
The demon thrust his palm down and deflected the thrust, reaching over the spear with his other arm and slashing at Nicolas with his claws. Nicolas bent back just enough to avoid a critical wound, but the claws still scratched him, and as soon as they touched his skin there was a loud crack and Nicolas was sent flying backward.
His shirt smoked where it was torn. His head was fuzzy. An explosive? He didn’t have time to think; the demon leapt into the air coming down directly on Nicolas. He thrust the spearhead up to catch the demon on it, but it caught hold of the generators on either side with its hands and feet, stopping in midair just before coming down on the blade.
The demon threw itself back to the ground in front of Nicolas, while Nicolas jumped to his feet. With a cackling laugh the demon ran toward him, reaching for him with jabs and thrusts of its clawed hands. Nicolas returned the same with swings and stabs, both opponents dodging and parrying expertly.
Without warning the demon bent backward with surprising flexibility, Nicolas’s thrust gliding over him. He then kicked Nicolas’s spear, sending the spearhead flying. “Got you,” the demon said, reaching for his arm.
Nicolas smiled. A spear has two ends, idiot. He thrust the butt of the spear at the demon, catching it in the abdomen. However, the demon absorbed the blow with his hard muscles and caught the staff in his hands. He smiled.
Nicolas was thrown back again. What in the world, he thought blurrily from the floor. His staff lay at his side, but he could not reach for it. His hands burned and his muscles kept twitching.
Then there was an annoying slurping sound from the door behind him. Nicolas weakly turned his head to see John, ears and tail out in full demonic glory, sipping on a straw in a milk carton. “Lying down on the job again, Nicolas?”
Great, Nicolas thought, eyes shut and teeth clenched in frustration, here comes John to save the day. Even with his wounds he would find a way to come through and win, proving once again that Nicolas had no role to play in a world occupied by demons.
John sniffed the air, “Ozone…you use electricity.”
“Oh, a brother demon!” the chimera said merrily. “Sorry, but this human – in fact, this whole city – is mine. You’ll have to find somewhere else to carry out your mission.”
John flexed his right hand, crushing the milk carton, and took a step into the room. “Hey, did you hear me?” asked the demon, impatience slipping into his voice. Then realization hit him and his smile widened, hardened, “You’re that guy who’s been fighting with the humans.” John took another step, not saying anything.
“Ha! I knew it! Hey, is this guy your friend?” he asked, stepping over Nicolas. He placed a foot on Nicolas’s chest, his claws digging into his skin. Nicolas groaned and John stopped in mid-stride. The demon laughed, “This will be fun. But first, I need to finish this.”
John ran at the two, but was too far away. Nicolas’s body thrashed on the floor for a moment and then stopped, smoke rising from under the demon’s foot. The demon pushed off of Nicolas and met the charging John with a flurry of reaching, open-handed jabs. He immediately focused on John’s left side where it was more difficult for him to protect.
The demon was fast, but bulky. He couldn’t move around in the narrow corridor as well as John could. Every time he attacked on one side with his reaching strikes he had to turn his entire body. John took the chance that offered and dove under the demon’s next strike. The demon could not turn in time to block the attack with his other arm. He tried countering with a kick, but John was too fast.
John speared the demon’s abdomen. His claws pierced his enemy’s skin, but his fingers buckled under the hard muscles. There was a crack and John’s arm went numb. The demon sighed, “You’re injured. This is no challenge. If you can’t pierce my muscles, every time you touch me you’ll just get shocked.
Hey, before you die, tell me. How are you able to rebel?” He clutched his forehead and laughed quietly in a mixture of mania and desperation, “I can feel this electronic device controlling my decisions, but I can’t do anything about it. How did you get free?!”
“We’re just different,” John bluffed, flexing his hand trying to regain feeling in it.
“I see. You’re not going to tell me,” the demon sighed, calming down somewhat. “You’re useless then.”
The demon exploded forward, moving faster than expected with such a large body. John took a step back and brought up his right hand, but was too late. The demon clutched John’s throat, claws digging into his skin. John grabbed at the demon’s arm, but he was too strong.
“Bye bye, brother.” The demon unleashed his attack, sending electricity flowing through John’s body. Pain flashed across both their eyes. John tensed up, every muscle in his body flexing, including the hand around the demon’s arm. John continued to squeeze. The demon bore with it, continuing to pump electricity into John’s body. The pins in John’s arm turned red and the smell of burning flesh filled the room.
Then there was a pop. The demon cried out and released John who collapsed to the floor, his muscles not responding to him anymore. John struggled to breathe while the demon clutched his mangled arm. Pain and anger reflected in his toothy smile.
“I have to give you credit,” he said painfully. “You didn’t give up. Your nerves are fried now, though. It’s over for you. Don’t worry, I don’t hold grudges. I’ll make your death quick.”
The demon reached down for John with his other hand to tear out his throat. John watched, his body wouldn’t move. He couldn’t do anything to stop it. And then the demon stopped, surprise in his eyes. He turned around to see Nicolas on the floor behind him, spear in hand. The blade pierced his thick midsection.
“Impossible,” the demon groaned. “Your brain should have been fried.”
“I never had much of one to begin with,” retorted Nicolas. With a jerk he pulled the spear out.
The demon wobbled to the side and caught himself on a generator. Blood ran thick from the wound in his side, and his right arm was useless. John stirred at his feet and the boy struggled to stand, using the spear as a crutch. It was time to leave.
Without another word, the demon ran past John for the door. Nicolas weakly threw his spear but missed. The demon was gone.
“John, are you okay?” Nicolas asked weakly.
John sat up slowly, feeling nauseous, “Yes, where did it go?”
“Got away,” he said.
“We have to go after it,” muttered John getting to his feet.
Nicolas put John’s arm around his neck, supporting him though he could barely stand himself. “Look at us. You think we can take him in our state? He did us a favor by running away.”
“But–”
“No buts,” interrupted Nicolas. “We did a good number on him. He won’t be hurting anyone anytime soon. Right now you need to rest; you were hurt bad enough before the fight.”
John reluctantly nodded in agreement and the two slowly made their way back. Nicolas laughed weakly and shook his head, “Even in your condition you want to stop him from hurting more people. For a demon, you really are a softie.”
“Shut up.”
Chapter Twenty-Seven
(back to Table of Contents)
 
John never saw the attack coming. Even if he wasn’t injured he probably would not have been able to do anything about it. His instincts were useless when it came to her for some reason. Maya, struggling to hold back tears of relief at seeing them safe – if injured – commenced beating John in the chest.
“Idiot!” she cried. “We were so worried about you! How could you go out and fight in your condition?”
Maya pulled him close by his hospital gown and hid her face against his shoulder. John felt something hot and wet. Between exhaustion, pain, unfamiliarity with the situation, and hoping that the wetness wasn’t snot, John could not think of an appropriate answer to give Maya for his actions.
Dr. Lussi gently guided everyone into the room, getting Maya to let John lie back down on the bed and putting Nicolas in a chair. He began inspecting and dressing their wounds, and with a look of wary hope he asked them, “Is it gone? Did you get rid of it?”
“It’s gone, but we couldn’t kill it. The blood tracks lead outside. It’s in the city somewhere now,” Nicolas reported.
Tara got up and went to the door. “Tara, wait,” said Nicolas. “It’s strong, wait until I get my strength back and I’ll go with you.”
“You like to give a lot of orders.”
Nicolas frowned, “I just don’t want you getting hurt, too.”
Tara smiled mischievously, “Who do you think I am? I won’t be hurt that easily. Now is the best time to go after it. It’s tired, hurt, and still close. I need to take it down before it recovers and starts killing again.”
Nicolas tried to think of a counterargument but knew he was being overprotective. Resignedly he said, “Be careful.”
 
* * *
 
The next week passed without incident. Tara failed to find the chimera, its blood trail ending at a river running through the city. The power was quickly restored. Dr. Lussi recovered just as quickly and was back to his usual buoyant self. In fact, he was a little too happy while he monitored John’s recovery progress, annoying John slightly more every day.
Even more annoying were the two girls that stuck around him all week. Maya argued that as soon as she let John out of her sight he would be up aggravating his wounds again, while Tara bluntly said that she was determined to make her relationship with John more intimate.
Nicolas left the hospital the day after his fight, against Dr. Lussi’s protests, saying he couldn’t relax in hospitals. He took Dmitri back to their inn where his little brother continued work on the automaton.
“Remarkable,” said Dr. Lussi as John flexed his arm, testing his new freedom now that the pins had been removed. “Simply remarkable. There’s not even a scar. If we can isolate the genome responsible for your healing abilities we would spark a medical renaissance! Are you sure you won’t stay longer? From what I heard, with your memories back your journey is over.”
Maya glanced worriedly to John. “It’s not over until I put a stop to the man that did this to me,” he growled.
The door burst open and Nicolas and Dmitri walked in, their arms full of bags. “Got you some new clothes,” announced Dmitri, throwing a few bags at John. John caught them easily with both arms and inspected the contents: a pair of jeans, a T-shirt, and new leather jacket.
“Good work.”
“Hey, you’re getting a lot friendlier lately,” Dmitri observed.
“I figure I can always rip out your throat if I encourage you too much.”
Dmitri laughed awkwardly and took a step away. Nicolas ignored them and passed out the contents of the other bags – more vending machine spoils – saying, “Let’s celebrate us getting out of here all in one piece. You too, doc.”
“I can’t thank you all enough for your help and cooperation,” said the doctor, accepting a can of soda. “Come back anytime you need help or just a place to rest.”
“I’ll drink to that,” Nicolas said, raising his can. “Cheers.”
A chorus of “cheers” filled the room.
 
* * *
 
The boy half ran, half stumbled up the steep, grassy hill. Pain built in his fatigued muscles and he gasped for breath, but dared not slow. Fear and panic drove him on.
It was an accident.
He was a lanky boy of average height with no muscle to him. His hair was oily and his sooty face pock-marked. His clothes were burnt rags, flaking off with every step. Near the top of the hill his bare foot slipped, sending him sprawling across the grass. He tried to get up and keep running. He tried not to throw up in exhaustion. He failed at both.
I didn’t mean to.
Spitting the sick taste out of his mouth, the boy hazarded a glance back. From the hill he had a perfect view of the town. It was small, only a few hundred residents. They were kind, hard-working people who thought nothing of helping a stranger in need.
It was an accident. 
The town below was painted in orange, red, and yellow. The fire swept through the old wooden buildings like a tempest. Black smoke curled thick into the sky, blotting out the evening sun. The bell tower fell, its bronze bell clanging out a dull, solemn note as it smashed into the ground.
The boy wanted to cry. I didn’t mean to, he thought again, it was an accident.
“He’s down!” yelled a man from below. “He won’t get away now!”
Scary. Humans are scary. The people who had taken him in, fed him, clothed him, shared their lives with him, were now running after him with knives and guns in their hands. They were going to kill him.
The boy felt a hand on his shoulder and jumped. He turned around and behind him stood a man he had never seen before. He was tall and handsome, almost beautiful. He was dressed in white fur-lined robes that wrapped around his slender figure in the wind, and had bright white hair that fell down to his back.
“I can use you,” he said.
The boy nodded absently at him, “Help me.”
He followed the man with his eyes, mesmerized as the man walked past him and stood between him and the townsmen. The boy watched numbly as the man became a blur, moving from one human to the next.
There was blood. Lots of blood.
 
* * *
 
“So why are we going to Emadox again?” asked Dmitri for the umpteenth time that day as he finished typing something on his laptop. The automaton was unrolled and standing upright in front of Dmitri with wires leading from its armored torso to Dmitri’s computer.
Dmitri sat on the dirt next to his brother with his back to their small campfire. Tara and Maya sat near them on a log, Tara playing with Sphinx while Maya was trying and failing at moving pebbles with her mind. John stood at the edge of the firelight watching the others while keeping an ear out for intruders.
They had driven onto what appeared to be somebody’s ranch and took refuge in a stand of trees below a hill. A small creek ran through, giving life to the thin trees and hardy grass at the foot of the hills on the otherwise barren plain.
“Like I said,” sighed Nicolas. “We don’t have any other leads to go on.”
“I would hardly call something Maya saw in a dream a lead.”
“We’ve got a name and a destination, that’s more than we had before. Maya could be remembering something she forgot. She was captured by those army guys once, remember? They could have let something slip and Maya remembered in her dream.”
“I guess,” Dmitri grunted noncommittally. He closed his laptop with finality and unhooked the wires from the machines. “Okay, Nic. Meet your new sparring partner. Big D needs actual combat experience to be of any use.”
“You want me to fight this thing?” Nicolas asked incredulously.
“Don’t be scared,” Dmitri said slyly. “I disabled the guns.”
Nicolas clicked his tongue, “I just don’t want you to cry when I break your toy.”
“That’s the spirit.” Dmitri slapped his brother on the back, pushing him toward the machine. “Don’t hold back, or you might die.”
“What?”
“Big D. Sparring mode. Attack.”
Nicolas slipped his sectioned-staff out of his belt and connected the ends to make a rod. He took a balanced stance, ready to attack or defend based on the machine’s actions. The automaton’s “head” swiveled back and forth surveying the area ahead of it, and then stopped to focus on Nicolas.
Its legs bent, and then, with a burst of speed, it charged toward Nicolas. The tree behind him splintered a split second after he dove out of the way. Nicolas countered by thrusting his spear at the machine’s camera, but it glanced off the side of its armor.
Dmitri watched, pleased, as the two continued exchanging attacks, Nicolas’s quick and precise while the automaton’s were slow but devastatingly strong.
“Wow, they’re really going at it,” noted Tara.
Maya nodded her agreement, “Is it just me, or does Nicolas look like he’s having way too much fun?”
Dmitri watched with a satisfied smile, “I know my brother better than anyone, and right now what he wants more than anything is to be stronger. A strong sparring partner is just what he needs.”
“Why doesn’t he just ask me or John?” Tara asked, frowning.
“Too proud,” Dmitri explained, turning to the fire as Nicolas led the fight away from the camp and onto open ground, “He wants to get stronger on his own. By having them fight I’m killing two birds with one stone. Nicolas will get stronger without realizing I’m helping, and Big D will learn from the fights.”
“Clever.”
“Or manipulative,” Maya murmured.
Tara petted Sphinx absentmindedly while watching Nicolas fight. Even from the distance and in the pale light she could see him clearly. His eyes were sharp and gleaming with a wild energy. Sweat dripped off his face as he fought with everything he had, not sparing anything even for a simple round of sparring.
His attacks were overwhelming the automaton. Clanks and thwacks of steel on steel emanated from Nicolas’s staff attacks as he danced around his opponent striking consecutively. The automaton’s attacks were straightforward and simple, but as the minutes passed it began throwing more combinations and feints. Nicolas did indeed look like he was having fun.
Tara heard her name. “What?”
“I asked whether you thought Sphinx was getting big or not,” Maya repeated with a frown. “Do you think we should put her on a diet?”
“Oh. She is getting pretty big…” Tara replied vaguely, still watching the fight.
Maya gave Tara a curious look and followed her line of sight. A mischievous smile crossed her face. “Are you okay, Tara? You seem distracted by something…”
“I’ve been watching Nicolas fight,” Tara answered, unfazed by – or rather, not noticing – Maya’s little provocation.
Maya was slightly surprised by her honest answer. Was she wrong about Tara, or did Tara really not notice? She continued trying to push the envelope, “You look like you’re having fun watching. Anything in particular interest you?”
Tara shook her head, her hair fluttering weightlessly around her face, “For some reason I can’t stop watching. For a human, Nicolas is outstanding. His movements are fluid and his attacks are strong. He’s on par with me.”
Maya felt like hitting someone. Are all chimeras as dense as Tara and John?
Dmitri walked to the edge of the firelight and called out to his brother, “Nic! Need a break yet? You’ve been going at it for almost ten minutes now!”
“Two more minutes!” Nicolas called out breathlessly. “I think I’m on to something here!”
Dmitri smiled and walked back. They weren’t going to be outdone by demons just yet.
Chapter Twenty-Eight
(back to Table of Contents)
 
Nicolas sat in the driver’s seat of the Phoenix, driving a little faster than was necessary. Wind whipped his long hair back and a large smile was plastered on his face. He had the same look on his face for the past three days, since he first started training with Dmitri’s machine.
Despite the increasingly hazy days, as rain threatened to come down upon their unprotected heads at any moment, everyone was in a good mood. The girls sat on either side of John, trying to force him into a conversation, while Dmitri sat up front with Nicolas.
Dmitri looked across to his brother and a smug look settled on his face. Nicolas had told him the morning after his last sparring session how impressed he was with Dmitri’s new invention. He hadn’t been this pleased with an invention of his little brother’s for a long time.
The first night Nicolas and the machine fought, after getting a feel for the machine’s attacks, Nicolas was obviously superior. His high, strong attacks would knock the automaton off balance and then a low strike would topple it completely. But as they progressed, fighting every night and morning, Big D gradually grew noticeably stronger.
It no longer lost its balance so easily. It learned to block, throw feints, and absorb strong attacks. Nicolas now had a formidable opponent with which he could practice. Nicolas himself was growing as well, John and Tara pointed out. His style, which used to rely on a combination of his inborn speed and power and instincts, was now evolving to use more thought and strategy.
The effect was an exponential increase in both of their fighting prowess. Once Nicolas began using the machine’s enormous strength against itself by redirecting attacks to the ground and sending the automaton flying, it began taking more solid stances and throwing more controlled attacks. Inversely, as soon as it learned something new, Nicolas would come up with his own new plan of attack.
Nicolas liked to complain around the fire at night that his strength and stamina were growing to demonic proportions, and was about to do so again when Maya suddenly stood up in her seat. John was forced to hold onto her waist lest she fall out of the speeding automobile, earning him a glare from Tara.
“The ocean!” she cried out. “I see the ocean!”
Everyone looked ahead of them as they descended a hill. In the distance they saw the glittering blue of the ocean barely visible over the tops of the low buildings that made up the seaside city of Emadox. Emadox was the fishing hub of Khent, a prosperous city that supported a host of deep sea fishers, whalers, and pearl farmers.
Its nickname, City on the Sea, was quite literal. Emadox was built on a collection of manmade islands created from the excavations of what was once an equally prosperous coal mine just outside the city. Canals and waterways ran through the city, cutting it up like streets creating city blocks. In fact, boats were the most common means of transportation in Emadox.
“That’s great, now sit down and put your seatbelt on before you fall out,” Nicolas told her.
Dmitri slouched down in his seat, “Salt, sand, moisture…you’re just begging to trash a computer in a place like this.”
Despite the brothers’ lack of enthusiasm for the sea, there was an almost palpable excitement in the car. Somewhere in this city was their next clue. Somewhere out there was the man called Cain Wylde who would hopefully lead them to Heisenberg’s hideout and help them stop the mad man before he destroyed the world.
Nicolas slowed as they approached. There was no traffic in or out of the city. They pulled into one of the expansive public parking lots just outside Emadox. A canal ran next to it, allowing taxi-boats to collect commuters and travelers and ferry them around the city. Taxi-boats were lined up along the canal, but there were no people in them.
As they cautiously entered the city, walking over a large bridge onto the first island, they saw bicycles and boats abandoned on the narrow streets and in the canals. Doors and windows of shops and homes were closed and boarded. There was no sign of anyone in the city.
 “Man,” complained Dmitri. “Why can’t we ever find a normal city?”
“Is it just me, or are there more weird things happening in Khent than there were in Tasmuarona?” asked Nicolas quietly, guiding them slowly down the road and looking out for any movement, any danger.
Maya walked behind the rest with Sphinx on the ground in tow behind her and John beside her. She stuck close to John, the ghost town creeping her out, while John struggled with his own thoughts. Something was wrong, and it was more than just the lack of people in the large city.
Fog rolled up out of the river and onto the sidewalk as they walked along. Maya looked down behind her to Sphinx. The little kitten wobbled on her feet and then sunk to the ground into the fog. “What’s wrong, Sphinxy? Are you tired?” asked Maya, picking up the tiny chimera.
Dmitri mussed his hair through his hat, thinking was so irritating for some reason, “Assuming Heisenberg also has a Khentian base, he could have released chimera earlier in Khent than in Tasmuarona.”
“But we escaped,” argued Tara with an impatient tone. “We weren’t released.”
“Hey, I’m just spitting out ideas here,” Dmitri shot back touchily. “If you have a better idea, let’s hear it.”
“What the hell, D? Just ‘cause you don’t like the ocean don’t take it out on Tara,” Nicolas said, rounding on his brother.
Tara shoved Nicolas with a hand, “Would you stop treating me like a child? I can defend myself!”
Maya noticed the argument between the three quickly escalating beyond the normal squabbling. Tara, in particular, had not been this aggressive since they had first met. Maya tried getting everyone to calm down, pleading with them in anxious, forced cheer. Meanwhile, John tried to shut out the aggravating background noise and focused on his body.
He was right, he knew after a moment. His immune system was reacting to something. He looked up to the three ahead of him fighting and then to Sphinx in Maya’s arms, and then down to his feet. The fog, he thought. This is just like Yulsa!
“–don’t side with the demon over your brother just because you’re in love with her!” shouted Dmitri. A deep silence settled over everyone.
Nicolas stiffened, his eyes widening in shock, embarrassment, and anger. He clutched his sectioned-staff in his belt. And then he swallowed and forced himself to speak through clenched teeth, “Dmitri…you…”
Dmitri grinned evilly, “Don’t underestimate me just because I’m small and weak. I know you better than anyone, Nic. I know your strengths and your weaknesses. How does it feel to have yo–”
Dmitri was cut short by a kick to the chest sending him flying backward and into the canal behind him.
“Not the water!” came a muffled cry.
Behind Tara and Nicolas was a man dressed in a full hazardous material containment suit and a bulky gasmask shuffling clumsily toward them through the mist looking everything like an alien in a horror film. He dragged behind him a small wagon piled high with carelessly arranged electronics.
“Get away from the water!” he ordered, waving a gloved hand.
“But Dmitri…” Nicolas mumbled as he was held up by his collar by a furious Tara. His emotions were a confusing mix of rage and embarrassment, and now concern for his brother was bubbling up to the surface. “He can’t swim…” Nicolas watched as if from a distance as the splashing stopped.
“It’s too late!” cried the man. “The chimera has him now! Run!” Then there was a splash as John jumped into the water after Dmitri. The man, apparently giving up on convincing them, began rummaging through the junk in his wagon. He pulled out what looked like a radar gun and aimed it at the water. “Die monster!”
The man immediately had a spear tip and a sickle pointed at his throat. “I don’t know what you’re doing, but we have friends down there,” growled Nicolas.
“This won’t hurt them if they aren’t one of those monsters,” the man stuttered.
Tara leaned close, letting her hood fall from her face, and hissed, “And if one of them is?”
The man gasped. And then there were two more gasps from the waterside as John and Dmitri came up for air. John rolled Dmitri onto the cobbled street into the waiting arms of Maya. However, as he was pulling himself out of the deep river he stopped, and then was jerked back into the water.
Before his friends could wonder what happened there was a thud and the ground shook. They looked behind them and saw what looked like a man. He was on one knee, cracks in the cobbled street radiated from where he knelt. He was short, bald, and incredibly fat, almost wider than he was tall. His belly rolled out of a too small shirt and over the stained pants that threatened to burst from his girth. He stood up with a hungry smile and licked his lips, his long thick tongue circling around his mouth from bulbous nose to chin and back.
“Maya, get D out of here,” ordered Nicolas, his voice low. He shuffled a foot forward, ready to attack at the slightest provocation from the man. Of all the raging emotions Nicolas felt, he focused on just one: the growing fury that threatened to blind his thoughts.
Maya took Dmitri’s arm and wrapped it over her shoulder and began carrying him slowly away, keeping an eye on the man. He put a thick finger in his mouth in a childish gesture and looked toward the movement. “Food…? Food!”
He and Nicolas moved at the same time, both displaying enormous speed. In the back of his mind Nicolas thought, why can’t a big guy ever be slow? Just before the man reached Maya and Dmitri, Nicolas jumped and drop kicked him in the head, knocking him hard to the side. Maya used the opportunity to get around the man and run around the next building with Dmitri in her arms, disappearing from sight.
Reaching after them, the man slowly got to his feet. Nicolas whipped his sectioned-staff around and knocked a leg out from under him, dropping the big man once again. “Ow, that hurts,” he complained in his high-pitched voice. “You’re mean, I don’t like mean people.”
“Then you’re gonna hate me!” Nicolas declared. He charged at the man and swung his spear at his head. The man caught the spear shaft in his mouth and bit down. With a crack the spear split in two. The man then slapped Nicolas hard in the shoulder, sending him flying across the river and slamming him through the door of a cramped shop on the other side. Surprised screams issued from the building.
The man turned back and was immediately faced with Tara’s figure sprinting toward him. “My turn!” she growled. He threw a blurry onslaught of punches too fast for a normal man his size, but Tara was faster. She ducked and dodged every strike returning her own attacks with her sickles, covering his arms with deep – though small compared to the size of his blubbery arms – cuts.
“It hurts, it hurts, it hurts!” cried the man, tears coming to his eyes in pain and frustration. He slapped both hands together, trying to crush her between them, but Tara leapt up and over his head making a neat twist in the air. She brought her sickles down and cut deep into his shoulders, using them to hold tight onto the man’s back.
He reached futilely behind himself, unable to stretch around his girth, trying to dislodge the girl. Then there was a small pop. The man fell backwards onto Tara, blood leaking from his eyes, ears, and nose. Both lied still.
The man in the biohazard suit held his gun out in front of him, breathing fast and hard in fear. “I did it…I did it!” There was a flash and his gun shattered. Half of Nicolas’s staff stuck into the wall of a wooden building a breath away from the man. He stumbled back from the rod as if it would suddenly lash out at him. He tripped over his wagon, knocking its contents into the river.
“What did you do?” asked Nicolas through his teeth from the other side of the canal, his rampant emotions, his wrath, finding hold on the suited man now.
From the ground the man looked at Nicolas, fear in his eyes and shaking noticeably, “I ki…I kil…”
“You killed her!” roared Nicolas. He took a step, preparing to jump the enormous distance across the river, when a splash in the water interrupted him. John’s head broke the surface and he gasped for air, arms thrashing as he tried to keep above the surface. There were scratches across his face and the water was pink around him. And then he was wrenched back under the water.
John turned back to face his attacker. Just a few more seconds, he thought. The weight of the water slowed his attacks too much, and she was too fast. The demon moved as though the water was lighter than air. And he was running out of breath. John only had one chance to get out of this.
The demon was covered in shining blue scales from head to foot, her hands and feet were webbed and a fin ran from her hairless head down the length of her back. She pulled John deeper into the water, her clawed hands digging painfully into his flesh. Then, once they reached the bottom of the deep canal, she slithered her way around John, flitting through the water like an eel, and sunk her needle-like teeth into the top of his shoulder.
Now. Through the pain he felt his cells finish changing. He reflected back on the fight last week in the hospital and gave a silent thanks to the chimera. With a thought the cells in his body activated. There was an impact to the water and steam bubbled up. The demon jerked and bit down harder on John, tearing a chunk from his shoulder, and then went still.
John pushed away from the demon and struggled to the surface. The pain in his shoulder, his dense body, the exertion of the fight and re-composition of his cellular structure all took their toll on him and made swimming even more difficult. His lungs were burning. The distance to the surface seemed to stretch on forever. His vision was getting blurry, his mind fuzzy.
His fingertips felt a tantalizing brush of air. And then his body gave out. Bubbles of air escaped his mouth as he inhaled water. John sank back down into the depths of the canal, watching the pale light of the surface grow dimmer. Then it went black.
Chapter Twenty-Nine
(back to Table of Contents)
 
John coughed, spitting up water into Maya’s face. She let out a yelp and fell back away from John, wiping her face frantically with her hands. He was back on the narrow, cobbled streets of Emadox lying face up. The dark clouds above were moving fast and the air was humid. It would rain soon.
On either side of him sat Maya and Dmitri. Dmitri was sobbing, his eyes red and wet with tears. Nicolas was away a distance, tears running down his face too, helping Tara pull herself out from under a very large man. Tara tried irritably to brush away his help, but Nicolas only pulled harder, all the while threatening to throttle a man in a biohazard suit.
Dmitri sniffed and cried through his tears, “I thought you were dead! Thank goodness Maya knows rescue breathing!” Dmitri then threw himself over John and renewed his bawling.
“Get off of me,” coughed John, pushing the boy aside and standing up. Maya looked up at John, saying nothing. Rescue breathing? John was suddenly acutely aware of Maya’s face and lips. He turned away quickly setting a scowl on his face. For some reason the blood was rushing to his head and making his face flush.
He looked instead to the stranger in the biohazard suit, collapsed to his knees and vacantly squeezing the trigger of his broken radar gun. John took a step in his direction. Dressed as he was, the man probably wasn’t affected by the fog. He might be able to get some answers out of him instead of having to talk to his irrational companions…or Maya.
However, as soon as the man saw John headed in his direction, he let out a frightened squeal and scrambled to his feet, running in the opposite direction. “John!” Nicolas called out from the ground, having fallen backwards after a final tug on Tara’s arm and successfully pulling her out from under the demon. “He knows something! He has a weapon that explodes the thing in demons’ heads!”
John looked from Nicolas to the man, and one thought crossed his mind. A lead! If this man knew how to kill a demon he probably has some knowledge about where in Khent they were coming from, or at least has some information on Dr. Heisenberg. John burst into a sprint, quickly gaining on the flailing man.
He reached out and grabbed the man’s shoulder. The man spun and John felt something thrust into his stomach. It tingled. The man held onto a stun gun, the tip crackling against John’s wet clothes. John rolled his eyes and swatted the gun out of the man’s hand and into the river.
The man fell to his knees again in a pleading gesture, “Please! Don’t kill me! I’ll go back! I’ll do whatever he wants, I’ll return the research I took and everything I’ve developed since then! Just, please, don’t kill me!”
Even through the gas mask John could clearly hear the man’s pathetic whimpering. Maybe he was affected by the fog after all, thought John. Or maybe he was just naturally this cowardly. Whatever the reason, it was grating on his nerves.
“Shut up,” John ordered. The man immediately stopped his crying, though shuddering hiccups broke out every so often. “Now, who are you?”
“I’m…who am I…? Didn’t you come here to kill me?” the man stuttered.
“We didn’t come here to kill anyone, but that can change if you don’t answer my question,” threatened John.
“I’m…I’m Thomas Fletcher...I’m a Jack-of-All-Trades for the western Em–”
“You’re lying,” John observed, his ears twitching. “Try again.”
The man paled in fear, his eyes darting behind his mask to the left and right, looking for a way to escape. There was none. “Please,” he whispered. “Anything but my name. If I tell you my name I’m as good as dead! He’s listening! He’s always listening!”
John thought for a second, his eyes narrowing, “You mean Heisen–” John was cut off when the man lunged for him, bringing a hand to John’s mouth. John was faster. He caught the man’s hand and put his arm into a painful lock. The man cried out.
“Don’t say that name! Please! I’ll tell you everything! Come to my house. It’s safe there from prying eyes and ears…” the man said cryptically.
John looked around and saw what he was talking about. In every window not already boarded up, there was a pair of eyes watching the newcomers. He turned back to the others who were slowly making their way toward him, and said bluntly, “We’re leaving.”
 
* * *
 
What looked like little more than a shack from outside was actually a façade; a cover for an underground passage to what was essentially a personal fort. Thick plates of steel over concrete made the walls, floor, and ceiling of the single large room. Immediately inside was an arsenal of high-tech weapons, from guns – which forced Maya to have to drag Nicolas in with the rest of them – to things wholly unrecognizable, as well as a collection of gadgetry which made Dmitri’s salivary glands work overtime.
Past the walls and tables of weapons and gadgets was a small kitchen – a stove, mini-refrigerator, and microwave oven – and opposite that was a bed which stood against the wall to make more living space when not in use. Next to the refrigerator was a tall bookshelf housing an array of blinking computers with a monitor and keyboard sitting on the middle shelf. And past all that was a small forge with an anvil, a lathe, a wooden table cluttered with power tools, and stacks of assorted metals all gathered around it.
Once inside the man took off his mask and hood, exposing mousy gray hair, bespectacled dark brown eyes, and a long straight nose. He had a strong chin but his ears were slightly too big for his head. He was almost handsome, not at all what Maya had been expecting. He then proceeded to remove the rest of his biohazard suit until he was down to nothing but a pair of striped boxer shorts. Maya quickly made an about face.
“My, but it’s hot in this thing,” declared the man. “Oh, and by the way, this place will self-destruct if I happen to die.”
“What?!” exclaimed Nicolas and Tara in unison.
“We didn’t come here to kill him, remember?” reminded Maya, still hiding her face in her hands.
“Oh, right,” Nicolas remembered sheepishly. “But still, we’re sitting on enough explosives to destroy a bomb shelter. Doesn’t that disturb you at all?”
“No, because we aren’t going to kill him,” Maya pointed out.
“I’m about seventy percent sure you aren’t here to kill me,” the man said. “Ninety-three percent sure you won’t try to kill me now that you know what will happen if you do.” He walked to a set of drawers next to the bed, pulled out a pair of pants and a shirt, and shrugged them on. “I’ve made a few assumptions about you. Tell me if I’m on the right track.
You two,” he said pointing two fingers at John and Tara, “Have managed to disable your control devices. That’s why the Kimera Killer, patent pending, didn’t work on you. And now you’re free of that madman. He doesn’t particularly like things he can’t control, so now you’re either on the run from him or trying to kill him before he kills you. Also, you seem to have picked up some humans on the way. I assume they have some sort of tactical value?”
Tara crossed her arms and tapped her foot in restless impatience, “The big one’s strong, the small one’s smart.”
“And this one just won’t go away,” supplied John, jerking a thumb in Maya’s direction.
“I’m the leader,” Maya told the man proudly.
“And that brings us here,” the man continued. “You’re looking for one of that man’s scientists. You want to make him tell you how to accomplish your goal, whether that’s hiding or fighting. How am I so far?”
“Impressive,” admitted John, stepping forward. “Now let me tell you what I know. The man we’re looking for is a rogue scientist of Heisenberg’s; someone who wants to see him and his creations dead as much as we do. He–”
“That’s enough!” Tara exploded, taking large, threatening steps toward the man. She brought the blade of one of her razor sharp sickles to the man’s neck. “I’ve had enough of this dancing around the subject.”
The man stiffened and stammered, “C-calm down, now. Yo-you’re still under the effects of that water chimera’s miasma. Let’s not do anything we’ll regret in the morning.”
“Tell me where I can find Cain Wylde!”
“Tara,” John said patiently. “He is Cain Wylde.”
Nicolas shouted in a fog-induced, surprised overreaction, “What?!”
“Knew it,” declared Dmitri.
Tara looked from them to the man in surprise. He raised his hands and said with a nervous smile, “Guilty.”
 
* * *
 
“Have you gotten used to your new suit yet, Captain?” asked Dr. Heisenberg through the loudspeakers.
Captain Perry stretched and flexed making the black fabric creak and the armor plates clank against each other. “It’s still tight,” he complained as he stepped off the treadmill, his footstep making no sound on the concrete floor.
“You’ll get used to it,” Dr. Heisenberg told him distractedly. There was a moment of pause and then the scientist’s voice came back, “Ooh, you’re really improving.”
“You mean the suit is improving,” Perry said neutrally, pulling wires and electrodes off of himself.
“Don’t be so modest. It’s the pilot that makes the suit! The suit may be adapting to your body, but you’re also becoming one with it. Mind over matter! Have you finished reading the manual?”
“Yes,” grunted Perry, his headache coming back just from remembering the encyclopedia-thick guide he had been forced to memorize. It read like stereo instructions. The simulations and practice had been much more useful in learning to use the suit.
The reinforced carbon fiber that the suit was made of could stop everything from knives to bullets, while the light-weight ceramic armor plates that covered his joints and vital areas could absorb the impact of a car all without affecting his dexterity and flexibility. Artificial muscles within the suit effectively tripled his strength.
This would certainly help purge those monsters, but he doubted that was what Heisenberg had in mind. He had been trying to piece together what that mad scientist had in his plans and he did not like where his mind was leading him. Identical bases in Tasmuarona and Khent, and a third in the mountains; creatures, weapons, and gadgets that went far beyond the practical benefits of military use; and some new project – or maybe an old project that was just now nearing completion – was now taking most of Heisenberg’s attention.
It would be best to kill the man before anything serious results from his insane experiments and inventions, but Perry just had not had the opportunity. Since arriving at the base he had not once seen Heisenberg. He had been instructed to learn the suit inside and out with no knowledge of what he would be used for. Meanwhile, Heisenberg watched and instructed him from a safe distance.
“Are you about ready to tell me why I’m here?” asked Perry.
“You think you’re ready?” teased Dr. Heisenberg. Captain Perry remained silent, looking hard into a wall mounted camera. “No fun,” the scientist pouted. “Well, I think you’re ready. That girl you were in charge of capturing in Tasmuarona has proved to be ever more interesting. She’s here now in Khent. In Emadox. I want her.”
“What about her companions?”
“Kill the uninteresting boys and the disobedient chimeras. It’s too late to play with them now.”
“I don’t know if I can handle all of them, even with this suit.”
“Don’t worry, I’ll be sending a couple of centurions with you. Now, gather your things and be off. You have eleven days to bring her back.”
Perry arched an eyebrow, “What happens in eleven days?”
“She’ll probably be dead.”
 
* * *
 
“Before we start, understand that I won’t be telling you everything, just the relevant parts,” said Cain as he sat on the floor. Nicolas straddled a rough wooden chair Cain had brought from his workstation while Tara, Maya, and Dmitri sat on his bed. John stood leaning his back against the wall, arms crossed.
“We’ll decide what’s relevant,” John told him, glaring from underneath his eyebrows.
“It’s private, it’s painful, and it’s not important. If you are who you say you are and you want to stop Heisenberg, trust that I will tell you everything you need to know to stop him,” Cain said with finality, showing a rare bit of courage.
John noticed Cain had crossed his arms tightly across his chest to stop his hands from shaking, “Fine.” From across their circle John saw Maya flash him an approving smile. He turned away.
“Okay,” began Cain, exhaling in relief. He coughed to clear his throat. “Really, all you need to know about me is that when we found out what Heisenberg was up to we stole what research we could and ran.”
“There are more of you?” asked Tara.
“No,” Cain said, his eyes becoming hard and distant. “Not anymore. In my escape I managed to fake my death and even sabotage some of their research, effectively stalling their operation for several years. But my…companions…who were waiting in the next town for me weren’t so lucky. When I went to meet with them I found their room ransacked. They were most likely killed…
Since then I’ve been waging a bit of cyber-terrorism.” Cain chuckled humorlessly; his smile didn’t reach his eyes. “I’ve sent countless viruses into his systems to do everything from destroy lab samples to disabling security, all without him realizing where they come from. Anything to slow him down while I figure out how to stop his plans permanently. Unfortunately, we don’t have much time left.”
John’s ears pricked, “Disabling security? So you were the one that freed us from the Tasmuaronan compound?”
Cain thought a bit, “Huh, most likely, yes.”
“Then you’re the one to blame for all the innocent people who lost their lives to the rampaging demons that escaped,” said Nicolas, standing up.
“I…I didn’t have a choice,” Cain defended quickly. “I had to do something to stop him, to slow him down.”
Dmitri stood as well, “You’re tactics are cowardly, childish, and destructive. Worst of all, I doubt that they effected Heisenberg’s plans at all. If you really wanted to stop him you wouldn’t waste your time on these games.”
Cain stood up in a rush, clenching his fists, “Don’t doubt my resolve, boy! If there were something decisive I could do to stop him I would! But his main systems are completely isolated from outside, not even his most trusted scientists are allowed to bring in outside electronics. So I’m forced to make these petty attacks…
I know I’m cowardly…I know I’m weak…” Tears began to roll down his cheeks and his voice wavered, “I know I probably won’t make a difference. But I can’t help it. That monster killed my family!”
The room went silent at his outburst. Even Cain looked shocked at himself. After a moment John spoke up, “We’re going to stop Heisenberg, but to do that we’ll need your help and cooperation. Everyone’s cooperation,” he said casting a glance in Nicolas and Dmitri’s direction. Then he turned his gaze back to Cain, “Tell us. What is he planning? How is he going to destroy reality?”
Cain looked at him oddly through tear-filled eyes, “You don’t know? You’ve been going after him without knowing what he’s trying to do?”
“I have my own reasons for wanting him dead. What is he planning?”
“He’s going to turn every living creature on the continent into a chimera. He’s going to create a world straight out of a fantasy epic, with monsters and magic and no recognizable form of civilization.”
“How is he going to do it?”
“He has a third base on Mount Brnde in the Vahren Barrier where he keeps a battery of psychic slaves. I don’t know how many, but using the psychics he’s going to scatter a mutagen with their genetic material and that of successful chimeras.”
“When is he going to do it?” John asked, cutting off Dmitri’s protest at the mention of psychics.
“Eleven days.”
Chapter Thirty
(back to Table of Contents)
 
Six days later – cutting it extremely close according to Nicolas – they were back in the convertible heading west toward the Vahren Barrier, allowing four days straight of driving across the expansive country. This would give them one day to infiltrate Heisenberg’s compound and put a stop to his plans.
Their plan, mostly collaboration between Dmitri and Cain, was to implant a radio device developed by the two directly into the isolated main computers. This should give Cain direct access to Heisenberg’s mainframe and the opportunity to stop the madman by putting his hacking expertise to work and tearing down the systems from the inside.
According to Cain’s own testimony, he would be too much of a liability in a fight. Something with which everyone agreed. Cracking Heisenberg’s systems remotely through the radio receiver would be more reliable than trying to escort him safely to the center of the enemy base, so he would be staying behind.
Dmitri would be tagging along to counter any technical problems they might run into with setting up the radio or any unforeseen issues that might arise before Cain was logged into the system. John, Tara, and Nicolas would be responsible for fighting their way into the compound and protecting Dmitri. In the meantime, Maya still had no role to play.
During the six days it took to develop a radio powerful enough to penetrate the mountain and reach Emadox while still small enough to be practical, Maya spent her time trying to convince the others to take her along. John was indifferent, saying that although Maya had survived with them long enough to assure him of her resilience, she did not have a role in their plans.
Nicolas and Tara were against her joining them. While not making eye contact with each other since recovering from the effects of the fog, they said the same thing: Maya would only be putting herself in danger. In the end it was Dmitri who was the deciding factor.
At the end of the fifth day he told them, surprisingly, that if psychics really did exist and Maya really did receive knowledge about them and Heisenberg from her mother, then she may end up being useful. He declined a hug from Maya, saying that he was only taking every precaution he could for the coming battle.
On the morning of the sixth day Dmitri and Cain finished testing their device and announced they were ready to begin the attack. With solemn goodbyes they left Emadox and were on their way to a fight that would decide the fate of their world.
They spoke little on their journey, everyone deep in their own thoughts on the weight of the battle ahead of them. Maya had pulled John and Dmitri into the backseat of the convertible with her, forcing Tara to sit up front with Nicolas. However, to her disappointment, they did not share a single word between them. In fact, Tara slept most of the day, saying her night vision was better than Nicolas’s and volunteering to drive that evening.
It was not until long after the sun finally set that Nicolas pulled off to the side of the road and let Tara take the wheel. By that time everyone was asleep. Even John had sat back and closed his eyes. Nicolas reclined his seat and prepared to sleep, but for some reason he couldn’t relax. He was not tired in the least, though he knew he should rest.
He took a flashlight out of the glove compartment and glanced at Cain’s map for the hundredth time in nervous restlessness. Their trip was basically a straight shot along the highway into the mountains. He sighed. The silence, the awkward air, was grating on his nerves. Eventually Nicolas propped himself on an elbow and faced Tara.
Her brow was slightly furrowed in concentration as she drove. Her eyes danced in the starlight while her pouty lips were parted slightly. Silhouetted against the waxing moon, Tara’s hair looked on fire as it whipped around her head in the wind. To Nicolas, instead of a demon Tara looked everything like an angel.
“What is it?” Tara asked with a distant coldness, keeping her eyes on the road.
Nicolas blushed when he realized he was staring, “I was just thinking, we haven’t talked in a while.”
Tara didn’t answer.
“We haven’t talked since we first came to Emadox. Since what Dmitri said…”
“There’s not much to talk about,” Tara said stoically. “Mating between a human and chimera is impossible.”
“M-mating?” spluttered Nicolas, his face turning a bright shade of red.
“Besides,” Tara continued. “I like John. We have a history together: training, fighting, running…”
Nicolas lay back down, silent for a while, thinking. He looked up at the stars above them, “Do you love him?”
Tara was slightly thrown by his question, “What are you talking about?”
“You said you ‘like’ him, but do you love him?”
Tara remained silent for a long moment, then said to him, “Go to sleep, we have a long day tomorrow.”
 
* * *
 
Nicolas slammed on the breaks, bringing the Vaston Phoenix to a skidding halt. “Will you stop doing that?!” Dmitri asked angrily, picking himself up off of the floorboard.
“Put on your seatbelt for once,” Nicolas replied in a distracted tone. He was looking into the distance ahead of them, eyes narrowed against the midday sun. On the horizon were several figures obscured by the rising heat from the highway asphalt. One figure towered over the others, easily three times their size.
“Chimera?” asked Maya from the backseat.
“Probably,” Nicolas said, “Though I can’t tell how many.”
Tara stood in her seat and peered over the windshield, “Five. One’s a giant class. They’re coming this way. Can we get around them?”
“There’s no break in the fences on the sides of the road,” Nicolas noted. “Turning around and taking a side road could add half a day to our trip. We don’t have time for that.”
“Then we’re going to have to fight our way through.”
A strong breeze came over them carrying the midday heat, forcing everyone to squint. John sniffed the wind. His nose wrinkled in recognition and distaste. “It’s him,” he snarled, squeezing the back of Nicolas’s seat. “It’s that white-haired demon.” He put a hand to his pocket, reassuring himself that the small box Cain had given him was still there.
Nicolas took a moment for John’s words to register with him, and then exclaimed in shock, “That’s impossible! He was blown to bits!”
“Then it’s someone who smells just like him. And he’s got that hospital demon with him too.”
Nicolas grinned, baring his teeth, and took his new staff out of his belt. When Dmitri wasn’t working on the radio and their attack plan, he had been forging a new weapon for Nicolas. It was just like his original three-sectioned staff, except this one, as Nicholas requested, had the added benefit of being electrically resistant.
“Looks like it’s payback time for both of us then,” Nicolas said eagerly.
Everyone piled out of the car. By now the approaching chimera were clearly visible to all of them. Dmitri ordered Big D to unroll and step out of the trunk, and then he, the machine, John, Nicolas and Tara lined up across the road with Maya and the car to their backs. “Maya, stay in the car. If things start looking bad, get out of here,” ordered John.
“Is this really okay, John?” asked Maya. “I mean, didn’t that guy say last time that he was your brother? Can’t we reason with them?”
Nicolas turned back to Maya, “You want to reason with these monsters? After everything they’ve done to us and all the people they’ve killed?”
“Well, if there’s a way to get around them without fighting, wouldn’t that be better?”
“It’s impossible,” said John without looking back. “I can smell his blood-lust from here. He’s not the type to reason with.”
“But–”
Without waiting to hear what she had to say, John led the rest of them to meet the enemy. After only a few dozen paces they were within range of the advancing demon troop. The white-robed man stood in the center with a small, girlish chimera on his right, an out-of-place looking boy on his left, and the black-scaled one from the hospital next to the boy. Behind them strode a towering giant. It had an extended, reptilian face, stringy hair that hung in front of mismatched eyes, arms so long its knuckles reached the ground, and a thick tail that dragged behind it.
“I told you I saw them leave on this road, boss,” laughed the black chimera. “Who’d have thought they’d come back down to meet us?”
“You have done well, Gorain,” praised the demon in white.
“So, you’ve been looking for us,” called out Nicolas. “That’s perfect. I’ve been looking forward to settling our score from the hospital.”
“You and me both,” said Gorain. “Boss, let me take care of this. I’m itching for a little payback.” The boy put the back of his hand to Gorain’s chest and he fell silent, sparing the boy a contemptuous glance.
“You have two choices,” the white-robed chimera told them. “Your first choice: join me, brother. Kill the human males and bring me the girl. Your second choice: die a human sympathizer.”
Dmitri looked at his brother, “Why does everyone want to kill us off?”
“What do you want with the girl?” asked Nicolas defensively.
“She will tell me how she destroyed my body, and then she too will die,” the demon answered bluntly.
“So you are the same chimera,” said Tara, clutching her sickles. “How did you survive?”
“I cannot be killed,” he answered simply.
“That’s it, huh? Well, we’ll see about that.” Tara took an aggressive step forward.
“What is your answer?” the demon asked John, ignoring Tara’s provocation.
John growled lowly and flexed his hands, his claws lengthening slightly. The demon let out a disappointed breath, “I had hoped you would see the error of your ways, brother. Now you will die.”
“I call the dark one,” whispered Nicolas out of the corner of his mouth. “I suppose John wants whitey there.”
“I’ll take out the giant,” Tara said tersely.
Dmitri let out a disapproving noise, “So that leaves me with the little girl and the kid?”
“You stay behind Big D and let us handle this,” Tara told him.
Dmitri huffed, “Don’t be surprised when I’m the one coming to bail you all out.”
Barely audible, the white-haired demon breathed, “Kill them.”
 
* * *
 
A radar screen was displayed on the inside of Captain Perry’s visor with a blip directly in front of his position on the highway. His helmet was probably the most impressive part of his suit. Foremost, it covered his face and protected his entire head, but it was also packed with more useful gadgets than a utility knife. The powerful computer integrated within the helmet allowed him to do a number of handy things. He could monitor his suit and body condition visually, bring up maps and superimpose his tracking device on them, and see in night vision and thermal signatures. He could even see the bead of the infrared sight on his gun. The helmet also had a microphone and speaker system to enhance his hearing.
Captain Perry raised a hand in front of him and flicked a finger. The radar screen responded to the movement as if he had actually touched it, flying to the side and shrinking into an icon on his visor screen. He “touched” another icon and his vision ballooned. Everything suddenly appeared three times closer. With another tap it zoomed in again, then again.
Although blurry, he could make out the familiar figures ahead of him. The girl was in a car surprisingly similar to the one he had found in Tasmuarona. The anarchists and the chimera were on the road with an unfamiliar person and the stolen centurion. Beyond them was another group of chimeras. They didn’t look to be on friendly terms.
“That’s them, alright,” he said to no one in particular. His companions were not the listening type anyway. “But it looks like they’re in for a fight. We’ll wait until they’re done and then clean the rest out.” He turned around to the four large, metallic orbs lined up behind him and ordered in a clear voice. “Spread out. Stay far enough away so as not to attract attention. Shoot anything that gets near the girl in the car.”
The orbs rolled away silently but for a slight humming and the crunch of asphalt under them. Two split to the north and two went south, both groups rolling over the barbed-wire fences on the sides of the road and into the fields. Working with machines was nerve wracking, he thought. He never knew what they were thinking, never knew if they understood his orders. Never knew when Heisenberg would order them to turn on him.
His thoughts turned again to the scientist. What was he planning? What did he want with the girl? What would happen in four days? He hoped he would have the chance to kill Heisenberg before the answers to those questions came.
Captain Perry looked again to the two groups on the road: the girl’s friends, and the chimeras. He could see the tension mounting. He tried to listen in on what they were saying, but the only thing his microphone picked up was the wind rolling across the plain. He was studying the leader of the chimeras, wondering what class and rank he could be, when something entered his field of vision.
The girl! She had gotten out of the car and was approaching the two volatile groups. He quickly ordered the centurions through the radio in his helmet to hold their fire. Things were about to turn ugly, and now all he could do was sit and watch, hoping her friends were enough to keep her safe.

Stage Four: End Days

Chapter Thirty-One
(back to Table of Contents)
 
“Um, I have a question,” Maya said from behind John. Both parties turned to her in surprise, stopping abruptly before they had taken two steps toward their respective targets.
John whispered sharply, still facing his opponents, “I told you to stay in the car.”
“I know, but I have a question,” Maya whispered back. She then turned to the demon in the white robes and asked curiously, “Why do we have to fight? I don’t understand.”
“No one expects you to understand, human,” the girl chimera answered. “Humans created chimeras to be used, to be slaves. To kill and be killed for them. We will wipe out this selfish and ignorant human race, and the superior species shall reign!”
“So we can’t be friends like John and Tara and us?” countered Maya.
This time the boy spoke, his eyes downcast and distant, “Humans don’t know friendship. As soon as their relationship stops being convenient they turn on you.”
“But–”
“That’s enough,” interjected the white demon, impatience creeping into his voice. “We are not here to have a philosophical debate. You will die. But before you do, you will answer my question: how did you destroy me?”
“I don’t know how I did it,” Maya told him honestly.
He nodded, accepting her words, “I see. Then I have no use for you.”
The demon disappeared and the road erupted into action. Dmitri ordered Big D to target the girl and there was an explosion of gunfire. The boy that stood next to the white-haired demon clapped his hands together and suddenly burst into blue flames while the giant stepped over him and made its way in one long stride toward Maya, only to be intercepted by Tara’s blades. Nicolas and Gorain sprinted toward each other and clashed in a blur.
John reached back and pushed Maya to the ground. She landed hard on her rear, and looked up angrily to John only to see him and the demon in white locked together, fingers interlaced, in a struggle to force the other back. The fiery demon ran toward the two in an attempt to help his comrade, but a sudden explosion knocked him to the ground with a cry.
“Cool,” Maya heard Dmitri say. He threw another one of his smoke bombs at the demon. The bomb released its smoke in an instant which was then ignited by the demon’s flames, causing a rapid deflagration that blew the chimera back.
A shadow flew over them. Tara was thrown through the air over Maya by the giant, but managed a neat flip and landed on her feet running back at the chimera. As she passed John she sliced at his opponent, causing the man to throw his head back to dodge the strike.
With a surge of power John shoved the demon back, but the demon pulled as he pushed and landed a crushing head-butt. John dropped to his knees and was then instantly brought back up with a powerful kick to his chest. Maya watched the brutal scenes all around her.
Big D was brought to the ground by a swing of the girl chimera’s toy. Dmitri was running away from the blazing demon while throwing the last of his smoke bombs at him. The giant held Tara under one enormous hand while holding its other to a gushing head wound. And Nicolas and Gorain were in a dangerous dance together, each throwing a torrent of strikes while dodging their opponent’s.
Maya made a fist and squeezed her eyes shut in frustration, trying to stop her tears before they came. Chimeras were fighting chimeras. Her friendship with John and Tara was denied. Why couldn’t humans and chimeras be friends? Why couldn’t they look past their differences, their pain? Why could there only be either human or chimera? Why was there always only one choice?
Anger and frustration at the ridiculousness of it all threatened to overwhelm her. She was tired of all the fighting and killing. Surely there must be a way to stop the cycle? Maya stood up, fists still clenched and eyes still shut, and screamed out her frustration.
“Why can’t everyone just get along?!” Maya shouted. Her words hit the air with an impact like a deep thunder that shook everyone to their core. The whole earth seemed to shake. Her words reverberated across the plain riding a wind that seemed to come from Maya herself.
There was a flash of purplish light that grew like a bubble from Maya and swallowed everything. When the light finally subsided, the road was deserted.
 
* * *
 
Captain Perry watched as four jets of light shot off in the inter-cardinal directions away from the road. “Split off. Each of you follow a light,” he ordered into his radio. “If you find the human girl, bring her to me alive. Kill everything else.”
He then walked back and straddled his motorcycle, keeping one foot on the ground, and flipped the kickstand up with the other. With the flick of a switch his bike roared to life. He revved the engine and with a small burst of speed it spun around making a neat circle on the asphalt. Now pointing in the right direction he sped off toward where the light originated from.
 
* * *
 
The boy woke up moments later, his fire extinguished, lying on the side of the road with the human girl sitting next to him. “You awake?” she smiled at him. It was a lovely, natural smile. The boy scrambled to his feet in a panic. The girl followed suit, though in a slower, more graceful manner.
“I’m Maya,” she said, extending a hand. “What’s your name?”
He ignored the hand. Crouched and ready to defend himself he asked, “What happened? Where’s Master Ra-En?”
“I’m not sure what happened,” Maya said. “But I think I blew us up again.”
The boy gave her an inquisitive look.
“Who’s Ra-En?” she asked.
“He’s the one who took pity on me, said he could use me, a rank four. He freed me from human control, he saved my life,” he said bitterly. And then, with a touch of pride, added, “And he gave me my name.”
“Which is…?”
The boy paused a moment, narrowing his eyes, “Faic.”
“Fay-ick,” repeated Maya, slowly sounding out the name. “I like it!”
Faic spat, “Stop playing with me. If you’re going to kill me, do it. Just know I won’t go down without a fight!”
Maya looked at him oddly, “I don’t want to kill you. I don’t even think I could.”
Faic blinked. “Then why aren’t you scared of me killing you?”
“I am a little scared,” she admitted. “But I don’t think you want to kill me. I hope we can be friends.”
“Master Ra-En wants you dead.”
“Do you want to kill me?” she asked innocently.
“You tried to kill Master Ra-En,” Faic said defensively.
“He tried to kill us first.”
“He was being controlled by a human.” Bitterness crept back into his voice. “The same human that made me burn down Crosswoods, making the townspeople try to kill me.”
Maya remained quiet for a while, and then said, “Humans are scared, foolish things, but we’re not all bad. We’re not all like Heisenberg. Me, Nicolas, and Dmitri, we’ve all made friends with de…chimeras. We’re fighting together to stop Heisenberg. And I hope we can make a world where chimeras and humans can live together.”
Faic turned away and said lowly, “That’s just a fantasy. It’s impossible for humans and chimeras to live together.”
“Still,” said Maya putting a hand on his bare shoulder. “I want to try.”
Faic hung his head and remained silent for a long moment. After a while he finally said quietly, “Don’t touch anything with that hand. The left and right sides of my body secrete different chemicals that, when mixed, ignite.”
Maya removed her hand from his shoulders and looked at it, “Oh, I thought you felt a bit sweaty.”
“Don’t wipe it on your clothes. Go to the grass and use dirt to clean it off. Did you bring water with you?”
“Yes, it’s in the car,” Maya told him, walking to a patch of bare earth by the side of the road.
The boy walked to her vehicle and, shooing a hissing Sphinx aside, rummaged around the back through the piles of snacks, cans, and dry foods until he found a full bottle of water. He returned to Maya’s side where she was diligently wiping her hands through the grass and dirt. As she did this, he poured the water over her hands and the dirt until she was washing her hands with mud.
“That should do it.” He heard a low rumbling and looked down the road. Before Maya could walk back onto the road he put an arm in front of her, “Careful, a motorcycle’s coming.”
They watched as the rider approached, dressed in a strange black suit and with a helmet covering his face. He slowed as he passed Nicolas’s car, pulled out a pistol, and casually shot the driver’s side tires out. Faic stepped protectively in front of Maya as the rider pulled up to them, holstering his pistol.
He pointed past Faic to Maya and said, “Get on.” His voice came clear even with the visor covering his mouth.
“Mr. Johannes?” asked Maya tilting her head slightly.
Faic turned to her, “You know him?”
“He’s a bad guy,” she frowned. “I think he works for Heisenberg.”
Faic looked back to the rider, “That makes things simple, then. Leave before you get hurt.” He slapped his hands together and burst into flame once again, forcing Maya to take a step back.
With a slow, easy motion Johannes pointed his other fist at the ground in front of Faic and flexed his wrist downward. Something like a crossbow bolt flit out of his arm and struck Faic in the foot, pinning him to the ground. Fire at his feet burned the boy’s open flesh and torn skin. He let out a horrible scream of pain.
“Get on,” he repeated.
Maya reached out to Faic, but the flames kept her at bay. Faic flung his arm at the rider, slinging burning oil at him. The oil stuck to his suit and burned, but did not spread or eat through the material. He shot Faic again, this time in the shoulder. The boy cried out again.
“Get on, or the next shot will kill him.”
Maya ran past Faic and got on the motorcycle, casting a concerned, helpless glance to him. With a squeal of rubber on asphalt they sped off without another word.
 
* * *
 
It looked like he was somewhere in the small wood north of the road, though John did not have much time to wonder. He stood mere paces from the demon in white. The demon turned toward him. “The girl again,” he noted. “I don’t know why you insist on siding with that human, brother.”
“Stop calling me your brother,” John growled. “I’m nothing like you.”
“On the contrary, you are everything like me. Or rather, I am everything like you.”
John raised an eyebrow, still crouched and claws out ready for an attack, “What’s that supposed to mean?”
“Though I am the culmination of all chimera-based research, I was made primarily using your data and genetic material. I am the second generation of self-regenerating humanoid chimeras of the assassin class. I was called AS-945. I am now Ra-En. I am your little brother, A9-13.”
For a moment, John was shocked. But then he remembered…he didn’t care. “Second generation, brother, or whatever, you’re still trying to kill all humans, including my companions. That makes you my enemy, nothing else.”
“Siding with humans,” Ra-En let out a deep breath. “Foolish.”
“Maybe, but I’m not prepared to kill them all because of a few. I will defeat Heisenberg and put an end to this.”
“Do you really think killing one will put an end to everything? Another will just take his place!” Ra-En raised his voice, spittle flying out of his mouth as he bit his words.
“Then I’ll beat him down too!” John shouted.
“You’re a fool, A9-13!” yelled Ra-En. He ran at John, teeth bared.
“The name’s John!” He ran at the demon and they clashed in a flurry of claws and teeth. Their momentum carried them past each other, separating them again by several paces.
They stood unmoving, facing away from each other. A line of red appeared across Ra-En’s cheek, and behind him John collapsed. “In the end, it’s just another brand given to you by a human.”

Chapter Thirty-Two
(back to Table of Contents)
 
The giant threw another feint followed by a sweeping, unavoidable strike. Tara braced herself for the impact, and, when it came, let her body roll naturally across the grass until she came to a stop, relatively unharmed. Tara spit some grass out of her mouth. “You’re smart for a giant class,” she muttered mostly to herself.
“Thank you,” came the unexpected response, sounding something like a mix of parrot and woman.
Tara looked around, but the voice could not have come from anything other than the giant in front of her. “You can talk,” she said in surprise, half wondering how that was possible with the giant’s reptilian mouth.
“That I can, little one. It wasn’t only for my size and strength that I was chosen to fight alongside Ra-En.”
“Ra-En?” wondered Tara. “The chimera in white?”
“Indeed.”
Tara stood up a little straighter and lowered her sickles some, “Tell me, why do you fight for him? Why must you kill humans?”
“Simple,” the giant said, flexing her clawed hands and smiling her reptilian smile. “I like the feeling of crushing small things under my hands.”
“Ah,” grunted Tara; not surprised but a little disappointed in the answer. “Only a giant after all.” Tara ran toward her opponent.
Offended, the giant huffed, “I’ll make you eat those words, assassin!” It swung one huge arm down on Tara and missed, the impact shuddering the earth. Tara appeared on the other side of its limb and jumped onto it. She ran up the giant’s arm like a ramp toward its head, aiming to take out an eye, but was forced to jump back away from a snapping bite.
Tara landed at the giant’s feet and ran behind it, dragging a blade across the skin above its heel and cutting into the thick tendon. She didn’t sever it, but caused enough pain to slow the giant down. Something moved behind her and she was swatted to the ground. The giant’s thick tail came up again and slammed down on her.
The breath was knocked from her lungs, but somehow Tara kept enough presence of mind to roll away from the next attack. However, she could not move quick enough to avoid one of its giant hands coming down to pick her up. It squeezed. Things popped inside her body and she couldn’t take the breath she so desperately needed.
Tara slashed wildly at the giant’s hand with her one free arm, but it would not let go. The pain was enough to blur Tara’s mind, but one final thought snuck through. With a flick of her wrist Tara turned the sickle in her hand, reached over, and slammed it deep into the bottom of the giant’s wrist. Then, with a mighty pull, tore upward through the giant’s thick skin cutting arteries, tendons, and nerves.
The giant roared out, its hand going slack and dropping Tara. She fell to the ground limply and struggled to control her breathing again. She got to her feet, her legs wobbly, just in time to throw herself to the side out of the way of another tail slam.
Tara had to dodge again and again as the giant tried stomping her to death. She did not know how long she was forced to run from the giant’s frenzied attacks, but she knew she would not last much longer in a test of endurance. However, as thick blood poured from the wound, the giant’s movements began to slow. Finally, it sank to the ground, exhausted and holding its arm against itself.
The giant huffed, eyes out of focus and looking past her, and then fell flat on the ground. It took a shuddering breath and its lips pulled back in a smile. “At least I’m not going alone.” And then the giant went still.
Tara wavered, trying to catch her breath, and wondered what the giant meant.
There was a gunshot, and Tara was thrown forward by the impact.
Ah, Tara thought hazily as she fell, so this is what she meant.
 
* * *
 
Another gunshot resounded and Nicolas felt his clothes tugged by the passing bullet. He ran faster than he thought possible, propelled by terror toward the tree line. The heavy footsteps of an automaton stomped across the earth behind him. It was fast.
If only he could get to the trees, thought Nicolas. He could take cover there and ambush the machine, or depending on how close the road was he could call for help. If he was right, the road would be on the south side of the small, young wood in front of him.
“Stop following me!” Gorain ordered from Nicolas’s right, annoyed. He was running alongside Nicolas heading toward the trees as well.
“Looks like we got the same idea!” Nicolas called out. “Get over it!”
They hit the tree line, bullets flying past them and exploding through bark and branches. Fragments of wood and leaves filled the air as they ran through the sparse woodland. The trees were too young and spaced out to hinder the machine’s progress or provide the two cover. It would catch up.
“Gorain! I have an idea!” shouted Nicolas. “If we work together we can beat this thing! Truce for now?”
Gorain let out a disgruntled noise while he thought about his options. After a bullet tore through the trunk of a young sapling at his feet he quickly consented. “Fine! What’s your idea?”
“Split up! I’ll go left, you go right, and when it follows one of us the other will come up behind it and take off its head!”
“If it comes after me you’ll just run away on your own!” argued Gorain.
“Think about it!” Nicolas huffed. “If I run away it’ll come after me after it kills you, and I’ll have lost my chance for a sneak attack! It makes more sense to work together!”
Gorain grunted and then, without saying anything, split off to the right, his quick steps taking him swiftly away from Nicolas. Nicolas made a tight turn and sped off to the left, hoping he wasn’t the one to be followed.
Nicolas winced as exploding bark stung his face, his hopes betrayed. Panting, he wondered how much longer he could keep up his pace. Were they too fast for Gorain to catch up? Was Gorain even coming back for him? Nicolas quickly decided counting on the demon’s half of the plan was foolish. He would have to come up with something himself.
Taking the ends of his sectioned-staff, Nicolas forced them together and twisted, screwing them together into a long rod. Then, with another twist, three blades sprung out of one end into a cross shaped spear. One foot dug into the ground in front of him and he turned around sharply, his momentum carrying him backward. A bullet grazed his cheek.
As he fell, Nicolas hurled his spear at the machine’s head, aiming for the small hole of tempered glass that housed the camera. He was off by a hair. The spear was deflected harmlessly and flew past the automaton. Nicolas rolled, trying to make himself a moving target. The ground around him exploded.
Nicolas felt its weighty presence behind him. The machine had caught up. He froze, fear making his legs unresponsive. He was sure that being shot to death would hurt.
And then there was a crack like lightning. Nicolas slowly turned around and saw the machine standing there, a mere stride from where he lay on the ground. It was still. And then, slowly, it fell forward landing right next to Nicolas with a crash. Gorain stood behind it dusting his hands off with a haughty smile on his face.
“Your stick almost hit me back there,” the demon complained offhandedly.
Nicolas felt a tug at the corner of his mouth despite the pounding of his heart. “You took your sweet time,” he said standing up.
The demon watched as he stood up and brushed dirt and debris from his clothes and caught his breath again. “Ready to pick up where we left off?” Gorain asked, dropping into a fighting stance, still panting.
Nicolas took a deep breath and let it out slowly, calming his nerves after his near death experience. Then he brought his fists up and widened his stance. “I won’t be stopped here. After I beat you down, I’m going to do the same to your friend Heisenberg.”
Gorain paused. He was silent for a while, unmoving, frowning in thought. “Humans fighting humans, huh?” he finally said. “Now that’s an idea I can get behind. The boss won’t like it, but we’re no fans of Heisenberg, either. And one way or another, a human will die.
Besides, fighting when we’re both exhausted is no fun. Let’s continue this another time, without interruptions.” The demon turned and walked away. “Maybe try working out a little before then.”
Nicolas watched him walk away and out of sight through the trees feeling a bit underestimated, but relieved none the less. He sat down hard on the bare earth under the trees, suddenly feeling the fatigue of the life-or-death run. Looking up through the trees and watching the clouds roll by sluggishly Nicolas realized he was actually disappointed in not getting to fight. He was looking forward to testing his strength since training with Dmitri’s automaton, especially with an opponent as strong as the demon called Gorain.
He exhaled and got to his feet, his breath back under control. He couldn’t be wasting his time here while his friends were probably off fighting their own battles. After jogging over to his spear and retrieving it, he turned south in search of the road.
 
* * *
 
“Why don’t you join the fun, cutie? Too scared?” Paad taunted. She deflected another bullet with one of her enormous weapons, and threw the other at the automaton knocking a leg out from under it. Then she threw the second weapon knocking it backward.
“My name is Dmitri. And don’t call me cute, ugly,” he said flatly, watching the fight with intense concentration.
Paad’s next throw went wide. That cheeky brat, she thought, face scrunched up and lips pulled back in a deep, grimacing scowl. How could anyone call her ugly? Ripping him apart after she finished with his toy would be immensely pleasurable.
Her weapons rebounded, pulling her forward slightly and causing her to tear the earth at her feet. Wires coiled around the axis of each weapon and she threw them again. The automaton dodged one but ran right into the other getting knocked back another step. It fired another burst, but missed, unable to match Paad’s erratic movements and speed.
She leapt left and right, her legs a blur underneath her as she ran back and forth staying out of its gun’s line of fire. She hurled her toys again, blocking another burst with one and sending it crashing into the automaton’s shoulder, while the other went wide and circled around its legs. The wire pulled tight and the machine fell backwards, hard.
“Here’s the finisher!” she yelled excitedly as her weapons recoiled. She jumped high into the air and swung the weapons over and around to come down on top of the automaton.
“Roll left!” shouted Dmitri. Big D reacted immediately and rolled out of the way just in time to avoid being smashed by the heavy weapons.
Paad clicked her tongue in annoyance as she quickly coiled her weapons, their mission failed. She threw them again and the boy shouted once more, ordering his machine in precisely the right pattern to avoid the discs and put it at the right shooting angle. She barely had time to roll out of the way.
She gritted her teeth and snarled in a decidedly unladylike fashion. Is this human boy actually reading my movements, predicting my actions? No, she wouldn’t accept that. No human is that smart. No machine is intuitive enough to react to such concise commands. With a battle cry which sounded more like a scream she threw both weapons at the machine.
“Move right!” ordered Dmitri. Big D complied and the weapons flew by harmlessly. “Grab wires!”
Paad smiled. Too late, she thought, jerking the wires and pulling the heavy discs back toward her. The automaton gripped the lines, but the weapons were already in motion on a collision course with the machine’s back.
“Step right! Extend arm! Pull up!” Big D stepped accordingly and raised its left arm high. The discs, following the path between their momentum and the pull of the wires, wrapped around the automaton’s arm. “Pull!”
Paad’s eyes widened in realization, but there was nothing she could do, being connected by the wrist cuffs to her weapons. She was yanked off her feet and flew toward the automaton. “Uppercut!” The chimera brought her arms up to protect herself, and was knocked high into the air.
“It will take more than that to hurt me!” Paad yelled angrily as she sailed skyward.
“Missile!”
“What?!” Paad cried in disbelief. In midair she could only watch as a compartment in the automaton’s chest opened and a small missile rocketed toward her. The explosion tore the wires off of her wrists and blasted her even higher into the sky. A long moment later she fell back down to the grass.
Dmitri smiled and approached Big D, “Good work. Now, let’s get back to the car, I’m sure everyone’s waiting for us.” Dmitri turned around and froze. Barely a stone’s throw away was another automaton just finished unrolling from its orb.
“Big D! Pro–” The automaton pushed Dmitri to the ground and stepped in front of him to protect him before he had time to finish his command. Full automatic fire showered them; bullets ricocheted from Big D’s armor. Big D didn’t move.
After a moment of just sitting there Dmitri wondered if it had been damaged in the onslaught, but then there was a single burst of fire. After that his automaton went still again. The spray of bullets from the enemy machine continued. Big D must have malfunctioned, thought Dmitri. His mind raced, how am I going to get out of this one?
Dmitri cowered under the automaton for an eternity, his mind blank. Now he understood why his brother was so scared of guns. There was nothing he could do under the barrage. He was helpless; death was only a matter of seconds. But then, after an indeterminable amount of time, it stopped. An empty clicking took the place of the sound of gunfire.
Dmitri hazarded a glance up. The enemy automaton stood there, unmoving, firing an empty weapon. Its camera had been shot out by Big D. With a giant smile Dmitri breathed a shuddering sigh of relief. “Nice one, Big D!” Then there was a different sounding click. A compartment in the enemy automaton’s chest popped open. Dmitri caught his breath.
“Run!”
Chapter Thirty-Three
(back to Table of Contents)
 
John lied on the grass in the clearing amongst the trees clutching his stomach. Blood poured from a long, deep gash. This is ridiculous, he thought. How can the difference in our power be so great? Shakily, he removed a hand from his stomach and reached to his pocket. Will I really have to resort to this?
He thought back to Cain Wylde’s words: “Only use this when you know you have no chance of winning,” Cain said, his expression deadly serious. “It’s a mutagen developed from the early stages of our research. It was meant to give humans the powers you take for granted: rapid healing, swift reflexes, bestial senses, enormous strength. Combined with your current abilities, this mutagen will increase your strength to unimaginable levels.
However!” he said stressing the word, a finger brought up for punctuation. “Only use it if you must! The research was scrapped because this mutagen was found to be extremely carcinogenic. I don’t know how it will react in a chimera, but it destabilizes the genetic structure in humans causing tumors and cancerous lesions.
With your metabolism, the mutagen will go into effect almost immediately. You may win your fight, but could very well die from the side-effects soon after.”
Ra-En walked slowly toward him. John reached into his pocket and pulled out the small wooden box. If he was going to die here he may as well take a demon out with him. He propped himself up on an elbow, grunting at the pain it caused, and opened the box. Inside was a small vial of dark green liquid resembling pond scum. It certainly didn’t look like a miracle super-drug.
“Is that your ace in the hole?” Ra-En asked, suddenly a mere stride away.
John struggled not to show surprise or fear. He needed time. He had to drink the mixture and give it time to take affect before Ra-En attacked. He had to stall. “Why are you doing this? We should be working together to put a stop to Heisenberg. You want your revenge, don’t you?” Keeping his eyes on the white-robed demon, John fumbled with the stopper.
“That human will be one of the first sacrifices to a new world order,” Ra-En agreed. The stopper popped off. Ra-En moved faster than John could see, lunging for him before he could bring the vial to his mouth. The demon loomed over John, one knee on the ground between his legs and a hand over his, covering the vial’s mouth with a thumb.
“Sorry,” Ra-En said, his hand painfully tight around John’s. “But I am not one to allow my opponent time to recover. I do not revel in the fight as some do, but only kill to meet my ends.” He punched John hard in the stomach sending him rolling backward and smashing into a tree. The vial was now in his hands. John writhed on the ground holding his stomach, struggling to draw breath while holding his abdomen together.
Ra-En inspected the vial, smelled it. His eyebrow twitched. “This has power,” he stated with minimal surprise in his voice. “You should have taken this before our fight. You might have lived longer.” He then unceremoniously threw his head back and tossed the contents down his throat.
Ra-En stood, his arms held out somewhat, palms up, with a meditative look on his face. Having caught his breath again, John uncurled slightly from the fetal position and looked up, realizing in despair what just happened. His only salvation had gone to his enemy. Ra-En would become even stronger, probably untouchable. If he really was immortal, the cancerous side-effects would not affect him, and then there would be no one who could stop that monster.
As proof, the cut across his cheek instantly shrunk, the ends coming together and narrowing until there was nothing left. Ra-En smiled for the first time. “Powerful indeed.” He looked at his right arm and a milky blade formed in a fraction of the time it took when they first met. Then there was a crackling and popping of bone. He looked at his left arm as it slowly lengthened, smoothed out, and came to a point, turning into a long hideous tentacle.
The demon approached John and, with the tentacle, picked him up by the leg. John dangled in the air clutching his stomach with one arm and swiping at the demon with the other, futilely out of reach. Ra-En pointed his bladed arm at John’s throat and the blade lengthened until the tip scratched him.
Ra-En’s smile faded. His eyes went out of focus as he thought. With a look somewhere between curiosity and annoyance he convulsed and spit out something large, black and slimy. “Now I see why you hesitated to take it,” he said. “There seem to be some bothersome side-effects. I doubt you would have survived it.” He then slammed his blade into John’s chest.
Upon impact the blade shattered. John swung back and forth on the tentacle, bruised but otherwise unharmed. “Very bothersome,” impatience and aggravation slipped into his voice. He swung John around and slammed him into a tree. The tree cracked and John cringed in pain, but the collision tore Ra-En’s tentacle in half, freeing John.
“What have you done to me?” he growled, voice dripping with venom and panic. He spit again, ejecting blackish ooze. Ra-En took a menacing step toward John who lied on the ground, watching. “I’ll kill you!” He stumbled over to John. With a crack, one leg collapsed underneath him.
“I’ll–!” he choked and collapsed in front of John. John stood up. He wavered for a moment and paused until he regained his balance, and then took a step toward Ra-En. Ra-En looked back with all of the hatred and loathing that dwelt within him. John resisted the urge to say something clever. Nothing especially clever came to mind, anyway. So without a word he brought his leg back and kicked the demon as hard as he could in the chest.
His foot sunk in with a wet thunk, the brittle bones of Ra-En’s chest caving in. Blood and disintegrating flesh splattered across John from his feet to his slashed stomach. Ra-En shuddered and then went still. John pulled his foot out with a jerk and turned south toward the smell of exhaust.
Feeling relieved, thankful, and incredibly lucky, he walked slowly back to the car. He felt nothing, his body registered nothing, when a piece of Ra-En’s splattered flesh wormed its way into the gash in his stomach.
 
* * *
 
John was the last to arrive. He walked wearily up the road toward the late afternoon sun carrying the camera of an unfortunate automaton with him. He found everyone already gathered at the car. Nicolas sat with his back to him on the convertible’s hood, his spear in hand lying across his lap and watching something in front of him. Tara sat on the road with her back against the car, nursing a wounded shoulder. Blood soaked the right half of her shirt. Dmitri and Big D were behind the car, both covered in dirt and soot, as Dmitri assessed the damage to his machine. The automaton had an impressive collection of cracks and dents in its armor.
As John got closer to the ragged team he noticed an addition. The boy who stood next to Ra-En earlier was now on the ground in front of Nicolas. He sat on one leg with his other foot flat on the ground and knee to his chest, hanging his head over it. Small spots of flame sputtered on his body. Nicolas was watching him diligently, ready for any unwelcome movement.
“Where’s Maya?” John asked as he approached the car, noticing the flat tires.
“This guy knows something, but he’s not saying anything,” Nicolas answered without looking back.
John stalked up to the chimera who kept his eyes down in front of him. John looked him up and down. His only clothes were a pair of baggy pants that looked like they were stolen from a fire brigade. His hair was oily and disheveled. Buried in his left shoulder and foot were short steel bars, the one in his foot pinned him to the ground. The flesh around the bars was black and charred.
“You burn yourself where your skin is broken,” John stated more than asked. The chimera remained quiet. “Where’s Maya?” He didn’t move. With a growl of impatience John lunged at the boy and grabbed his throat, forcing his head up and his eyes to meet his. “Where’s Maya?” he repeated icily.
The boy looked away, “She was taken by one of Heisenberg’s men. She called him Johannes…I couldn’t protect her.” John pushed him away and he fell back, his foot twisting painfully on the spike.
“What do you mean you couldn’t protect her? Isn’t she your enemy, too? Doesn’t your boss want her dead?” asked Nicolas sliding off the car.
“Yes, but I couldn’t kill her. She’s…different.”
John grunted in agreement, “Yes, she is.” He then turned his back on them and walked to the convertible.
Faic knelt on the ground trying to ignore the pain until his companions came to either help him or kill him. He had failed Ra-En, he would surely die. Faic closed his eyes and waited for his judgment, but soon felt a shadow pass over him. When he looked up the taller human was standing over him, hand outstretched.
Faic stared at it. “Come on, it will hurt but I promise to make it quick. We can’t leave you nailed to the ground all day,” said Nicolas. After a moment Faic reached up with his good arm and clasped the boy’s wrist. Almost before he could brace himself he was jerked forward with surprising strength by the boy, tearing his foot off of the spike.
Faic gasped and barely held back an urge to scream in pain. However, when the human unexpectedly reached forward and yanked the spike from his shoulder, Faic’s cry leapt out before he could think to control it. He collapsed, groaning, clutching his shoulder and his legs curled up under him.
“Hurry up,” John ordered from the passenger seat, arms crossed impatiently. “We need to be on the road going after them.”
Nicolas glanced down at the chimeric boy, “Will you be okay?”
“You care?” Faic breathed defiantly through the pain. Nicolas shrugged. “I’ll be fine. My healing can’t compare to Master Ra-En, but this level of injury is nothing.”
“Good. I’m sure Maya has claimed you as her friend already. Don’t go dying and making her sad.” Nicolas walked to the convertible, leaving the demon to digest his words. Tara was already in the backseat while Dmitri was guiding the automaton into the trunk. With creaks and groans and some ominous popping it rolled back into a ball and settled into the trunk.
“I don’t know what you all are doing,” Nicolas said. “We don’t have any spares left. We’ll have to call for a tow truck.”
John growled in frustration and kicked the dash. The glove compartment popped open and Cain’s map fluttered out onto his lap. He took it in his hand and looked at it, and then, seeming to make up his mind, hopped out of the car.
“D,” Nicolas called.
“On it,” Dmitri replied, as Big D settled into the trunk. “I’ll call for a tow in just a second here.”
Nicolas’s eyes then went to Tara and he noticed for the first time that she had stripped her shirt and made a bandage out of it for her shoulder. She now wore nothing but a sports bra. Blushing, he quickly took off his vest and threw it to her.
“Put this on,” he said, keeping his eyes to the front. “What happened?”
“One of those machines shot me from behind,” Tara explained, gently draping the vest over her. “Went straight through, missed the bone. I managed to take off its head when it came to finish the job.”
“Will you be okay?”
“She’s a chimera, too,” John reminded him irritably, almost frantically impatient. “Even if she can’t heal as fast as me, she won’t die from something like that.”
Nicolas glanced back to Tara who turned her head hiding her eyes. “He’s right,” she said. “Don’t worry about me. I have a high tolerance for pain; I won’t slow us down.” Nicolas really felt like punching John. His insensitivity was astounding. How could he treat someone who cared for him so much in such a cold way? He took an angry step toward John, but the chimera turned and began walking away.
“Where are you going?” Nicolas asked hotly.
“After Maya,” John snapped. “If running is the only thing I can do then that’s what I’ll do.”
Nicolas watched as John slowly broke into a jog, gradually picking up speed until he was nearly sprinting down the road. As John quickly put distance between them, Nicolas turned on a heel and shouted, “D! Where’s that tow?”
 
* * *
 
Maya drank greedily from the bottle of water Captain Perry tossed her, water rushing past her wind-parched lips. They had stopped for gas and toilet at a small station on the highway, the Captain warning her not to do anything stupid. Maya complied. She had no doubt the Captain was prepared to hurt or even kill anyone who tried to help her.
Perry had waited until they were a good distance away from the last city before stopping. The station, situated at a lonely traffic light on the intersection of the two-lane, undivided highway and an even smaller road, consisted of two gas pumps and a small convenience store run by a single, bored clerk.
A small marker up the road was the only sign they were actually in a town. Maya suspected houses and maybe some businesses were located down the smaller road past the farmland, but even if she knew which direction downtown was in she would be too far away. For now she was stuck with Captain Perry, who was turning out to be a very unexciting kidnapper.
During the long rides the wind was too strong to talk, and she did not particularly want to break his concentration as they sped dangerously down the empty highway. Most people were staying inside their homes and police were staying in the cities in the wake of Khent’s demon infestation. Their breaks were rushed and Maya had to eat and drink fast, leaving her no time to talk then either. She even had to hurry through the restroom before the Captain came in after her (which he did once to her mortification).
Maya watched as Captain Perry dug through the bags on the sides of the motorcycle in the dark and finally pulled at a long nylon rope. “Don’t want you falling asleep and falling off the bike,” he grunted.
Maya raised her eyebrows and asked incredulously, “So you’re going to tie me up?”
“I’m going to tie you to me,” he explained. “Now get on.”
She sighed and reluctantly mounted the motorcycle. He wasn’t going to give John and the others a chance to catch up. Perry got on in front of her and wrapped the rope around both of them, pulling it tight once he was satisfied with the number of loops. The rope was tight, and Maya was uncomfortably close to her kidnapper. Her body was forced along the curve of his, resting against his back. It felt broader than it looked from the front.
Perry started the motorcycle and took to the road. Maya didn’t think that she would have any problem staying awake between of the tightness of the rope, the jarring bumps in the road, and her conscious proximity to him, but as night wore on exhaustion got the better of her.
Chapter Thirty-Four
(back to Table of Contents)
 
Dr. Heisenberg stood next to a surgical bed in a brightly lit room that smelled of antiseptic. White tile and steel reflected the light of the bright lamps set around the table and focused on the subject face down in the bed. Covered by a sheet from head to toe was a figure twice as large as the slight old scientist.
“Beautiful,” he commented breathlessly, bending over a steel table to the left of the patient and diligently fiddling with something large, mechanical, and totally inhuman in nature. “You’re just like the cybernetic men of Schwertz’s Anachromnagian. Johannes is my Rotan, hero of Knight’s Metropolis. And A9-13 is playing the villain splendidly for our own little tale.” He hunched even closer, almost pressing his face to the thing, and with a miniscule screwdriver he inserted an even smaller screw.
“The monsters and fiends from a dozen of my favorite tomes are already paving the way for a new world. My players are all gathered. Once the mutagen finishes assembling in…” he checked his watch, “seventy hours, our project will be complete and we will spark the genesis of that new world. One with danger and adventure around every corner; science fiction made science fact; swords and sorcery, I say!”
He set down the screwdriver and wheeled the table over to the patient’s bed. He heaved one side of the thing on which he was working onto the bed and carefully lined up long thin needles and thick bolts on the end of it with the corresponding holes in the hideous amalgam of metal and flesh that was the patient’s stump of a shoulder. There was a clank of metal on metal. The scientist then flipped a clasp onto its lock and pulled the lever tight, forcing prongs into holes and securing the thing to the patient.
The patient jerked and muffled groans came from under the sheet. More clasps were locked and the moaning gradually faded away. With a satisfied smile, Dr. Heisenberg wiped his brow and stepped back to admire his work.
He pat the figure’s head gently, “You’re so easy to talk to, dear. Now rest, A9-13 and his friends are coming. I need you in top condition to kill them.”
 
* * *
 
There was a light down the road. John sat up straight in the brush at the edge of the gas station. A flash of pain hit him from the wound in his side, but he ignored it. A high-handled motorcycle driven by a large man pulled onto the empty concrete parking lot and next to a gas pump. This was what John had been waiting for. However, he did not think that it would take over an hour for a customer to finally visit the solitary station.
It had taken all day for John to run to the gas station, the first sign of civilization for hours. He had realized quickly that running across the vast country was a futile effort. He would never make it to the Vahren Barrier in time. But waiting for a vehicle to arrive at the isolated gas station was the most painful task John had ever suffered. He could feel the precious seconds ticking away.
The man got off his bike, set his helmet on the seat, and put the nozzle of the gas pump in his tank. Then he left and walked into the small convenience store. Hurry, thought John, hurry! A minute later there was a click at the pump; the tank was full. The man came out of the store carrying a super-sized drink in one hand and his keys in the other.
John stalked out of the brush, displaying teeth and claws, making a beeline for the motorcyclist. He noticed John with a start and dropped his drink, sparking John into a run. The man fumbled for his knife with which to defend himself, but John was too fast. He leapt into the air and landed both feet on the man’s chest, knocking him back through the air for several long strides.
John landed neatly on his feet and ran to the winded man before he could recover, picking up his keys. Without looking back, John went to the motorcycle and jumped on. He put on the helmet that waited on the seat, started the bike, revved the engine, and then took off with a squeal of burning rubber while the bike’s owner coughed threats and curses after him from the ground.
 
* * *
 
The tow truck backed up slowly to the garage. Once it stopped everyone piled out of the cab and watched their driver tilt the truck bed to the ground. The balled up automaton strained against the ropes and cords holding it in place. An old man in a grease-stained pair of mechanic’s coveralls jogged quickly over to the car from the office inside and pulled himself into the backward slanting driver’s seat. The Vaston Phoenix crawled off the tow truck with a groan.
The tow truck driver got out of the cab and motioned them into the office while the old man parked the convertible and took a look at the tires. The driver’s name was Bernhard. He introduced himself when he arrived to pick them up, but didn’t say much more. The bear-like man preferred to spend the ride back to the city in silence.
Nicolas looked up at the rising moon as he followed the man inside. John definitely would not have been able to wait with them. It took all of Nicolas’s patience to deal with being almost four hours behind Maya, waiting two hours for the tow and another two on the drive to the city. And once they got new tires and were on the road again, it would be another two hours until they got back to where they started. Six hours in total. Nicolas sighed.
Bernhard punched a few numbers into the ages old computer at his desk and then turned the large boxy monitor toward them for a better look. Nicolas skipped to the bottom of the screen, past the descriptions and prices, to where the total was displayed. It didn’t look so bad, but a glance at his brother’s face told him he was probably doing the conversion wrong.
“I added a hazard fee,” Bernhard supplied with a shrug, looking at Dmitri’s shocked expression. “These are dangerous times.”
“That’s outrageous!” Dmitri cried.
The man shrugged again, “Don’t have a lot of choice, do you? I’m sure we weren’t the first you called, so you must realize we’re the only ones willing to work with you in this crisis. Besides, services have already been rendered.”
“This is highway robbery!” hissed Dmitri, pulling out his wallet anyway. He slapped his bank card on the table. Bernhard picked up the card in his massive hand and turned back to the computer.
Nicolas leaned over to his brother and whispered, “It’s not like we’re going to run out of money. It can’t be that bad, can it?”
“It’s bad,” grumbled Dmitri. “It’s enough to make banks want to confirm where the money is coming from. We won’t get caught here, but we won’t be able to use this account again.”
The door to the garage opened with a creak and the old man stepped inside. “Add a confidentiality fee to that, Bernie.”
“Roger.”
Dmitri spun on him, “What? Why?”
“Tasmuaronan car, bullet holes in the tires, suspicious woman hiding her face in a cloak, giant weird ball in the trunk…I don’t know what you boys are up to, but we won’t be pulled into it without a price. It’s business, don’t take it too personally,” said the old man.
Dmitri struggled through his anger to find the right combination of words to express his indignation, but was stopped by Nicolas’s hand on his shoulder. “Add an express fee while you’re at it,” he told them. Dmitri balked. “Get us out of here in half an hour and you can add whatever you want.”
The old man gave him an appraising look, “There’s a man who knows business. You heard him, Bernie. Make sure that card pays out, I’m going to get these boys on the road.”
After clearing the card with his computer, Bernhard happily returned it to a mute Dmitri who was trying to reason away his anger and frustration. The towering man even brought out coffee for them in a gesture of peace. Only Nicolas accepted.
Long before his thirty minutes were up, the old man came out of the garage and tossed Nicolas the keys. “All yours,” he said happily. “Come again soon.”
“Fat chance,” muttered Dmitri under his breath.
 
* * *
 
Maya awoke to a falling sensation. Her eyes snapped open and awareness rushed to her. Everything around her looked skewed, upside-down, slanted. It took her a panicked moment to realize her head was hanging back at an awkward angle as Captain Perry drove them up a particularly steep incline.
With a grunt of exertion, Maya reached forward and grabbed her captor, pulling herself upright. She morbidly noted that it was solely due to the uncomfortably tight rope around her waist that she had not fallen off the speeding motorcycle and possibly to her death. With another look around she saw that they were no longer on the highway, but were on a wide road that wound back and forth up the side of the mountain.
They had ascended rather far up the mountainside, almost breaking past the tree line. The dirt road beneath them was gradually turning into gravel and stone, and the thick trees around them were becoming sparse and scraggly. Maya wondered exactly how long she had been asleep. The last thing she remembered before sleep came to her the previous night was the mountains still towering distantly on the horizon.
Her butt ached. Maya shifted in her seat trying to make herself more comfortable. She was amazed that Johannes could drive two days and three nights straight, only stopping briefly for gas and coffee. She, on the other hand, had spent most of her time sleeping, having nothing better to do. She tapped his shoulder and yelled over the engine, “How much farther?”
Captain Perry did not respond. They had spent the entire trip in silence, and it looked like that would continue. Maya was getting annoyed. This much time in silence was enough to drive anyone insane. It’s just rude, she thought, to kidnap someone and not say anything for three days. “How much farther?!” she yelled again, this time with more insistence.
He still did not answer. Maya huffed and crossed her arms, giving up. This man was impossible. Then, with a second thought, she punched him in the shoulder. This time she got a reaction. Captain Perry jerked in his seat, suddenly sitting up straighter. The bike wobbled as they approached the next turn, the trees in front of them looming closer and closer. Captain Perry turned hard, trying to avoid a direct collision.
Maya screamed as the bike tilted on its side and they fell, sliding wheels-first into the trees. She and the Captain fell off together, rolling over each other in the soft dirt and fallen leaves and pine needles. They finally came to a stop some distance from the road.
Maya groaned, the rope had tightened around them significantly during the fall and roll, and now bit painfully into her waist. Her right leg had been scratched considerably when they slid across the road. A long, scarlet cut dripped blood. Captain Perry cursed quietly and propped himself up on an elbow. “Fell asleep,” he muttered, shaking his head.
“Fell asleep?!” Maya hit him again. “Of course you fell asleep, you’ve been driving almost three days straight! What would you have done if we died?!”
“Probably have saved you from a worse fate,” he answered quietly. The ropes fell apart as he cut them with something Maya could not see. Captain Perry stood up and brushed himself off, and then made his way back to the motorcycle. “Come here,” he ordered, digging through the bags still clinging to the bike.
Maya got up reluctantly and limped toward him. Perry found what he was looking for as she approached and pulled out a first aid kit. He made Maya sit down on the ground and began cleaning her wound. He was gentle, but it still hurt. Maya winced as he washed it out first with water, and then dabbed it with rubbing alcohol. Finally he wrapped her leg with gauze.
“What’s going to happen to me?” Maya asked as he worked.
He remained silent for a while and then sighed, “I don’t know. I’m just following orders by bringing you to Heisenberg…he thinks you’re interesting.” Perry tied the gauze off tight below her knee and extended a hand, helping her up.
“You don’t seem like someone who wants to destroy the world. Why are you working for Heisenberg?”
“I don’t have a choice,” he said, face hidden behind his visor. “What do you mean ‘destroy the world’?”
Maya looked up at him with a frown, “You don’t know what he’s up to?” Johannes shook his head. “He’s going to turn everyone in the world into a chimera! We’ve been trying to stop him. If you don’t want to be a part of killing everyone you have to help!” she begged.
Captain Perry was silent a long time. He stood straight and stiff. Maya watched him with hope in her eyes. Maybe she could convince Johannes to help them; maybe it wasn’t a lost cause just yet. However, he turned back to the motorcycle and righted it, saying, “I’m sorry, I can’t do anything for you.”
“No!” Maya exclaimed quickly, grabbing his arm. “It’s not hopeless! John and the others are coming! Together surely we can–”
Maya was cut off when Captain Perry hit her across the mouth with the back of his hand, knocking her to the ground. “That’s enough,” he said brusquely, straddling the motorcycle. “Get on, we’re going.”
Maya looked up to Johannes, tears in her eyes from pain and disappointment. He sat on the motorcycle, waiting, not even looking her way. Maya blinked away her tears and stood up shakily. She took a seat on the bike, holding onto the Captain’s hips with the bare minimum of contact. He took her arms roughly and pulled them around his waist. Once satisfied she wouldn’t fall off, he started the bike again and got back on the road.
Chapter Thirty-Five
(back to Table of Contents)
 
Halfway up the towering Mount Brnde they saw the first sign that nature had been intruded upon. They arrived at two doors in the sheer face of one side of the mountain. One was a normal sized steel door the same color as the rocks around it. The other was an enormous gate of thick steel plates wide and tall enough for three transport trucks to easily enter side-by-side.
Captain Perry stopped at the larger door and, with no apparent signal from him, the giant door separated, half rising up into the mountain and half sinking down into the earth to admit them. Once inside the mountain they continued their ascent on a dark road dimly lit from the floor by lights in the path. The tunnel was rough and dug through the mountain with functionality rather than aesthetics in mind.
Shortly after entering the passageway, they arrived at a parking lot of sorts. It was small and cramped, but packed with vehicles – everything from sleek, expensive-looking models to small, energy-conscious types.
Captain Perry pulled up close to another door at the top of five steps, parking the motorcycle alongside the stairs. Without a word he dismounted and pulled Maya roughly after him. He led her through the door and down a maze of corridors. The halls were dark and empty, adding to Maya’s anxiety. She wished there were other people around.
Being alone with the Captain scared her. More than most of the dangerous situations she had already been in with her friends. Her bottom lip was swelling nicely, and her leg throbbed and caused her to limp. It was a wholly uncomfortable trip through the mountain. But then, Captain Perry threw open another door at the end of another long, winding hallway, and light and noise suddenly filled the air.
Inside the hall, hassled looking, white-coated men and women scurried about bearing stacks of papers and clipboards, or tapping away at handhelds or other devices. Few bothered to stop what they were doing to look up at the newcomers, but those who did made sure to give the helmeted, black-suited man and his companion wide berth.
Captain Perry led Maya through the crowded halls with long strides that she struggled to keep up with until they finally reached a row of elevators. He pushed the down button and they boarded the first elevator, brushing past a pair of scientists getting off, and then he pressed one of the lower buttons on the panel. The elevator plummeted, making Maya’s heart jump to her throat and causing pressure to build in her ears.
Eerily cheerful music played through tinny speakers on their long trip down. Captain Perry tapped a foot, most likely in irritation rather than keeping the beat. When the elevator finally came to a halt and its doors opened, Captain Perry rushed Maya out and they resumed their fast-paced march down another long white hall lined with doors. In the middle of the hall he stopped abruptly, as if he had arrived sooner than expected, and turned to the right.
Johannes Perry, Maya read from the hand-written plaque on the side of the door.
The Captain pressed a card to his name and there was a click as the door unlocked. He opened the door and guided Maya inside with a hand on her back. Maya entered cautiously, suspiciously. The room was tiny, no more than five paces wide and deep. A bed and writing desk filled most of the area. With a closet by the door and cabinets lining the wall against the ceiling, it seemed like the storage space was greater than the living space. A small door to the right led, presumably, to a shower and toilet.
“This is your room,” she stated nervously. “What are we doing here?”
“This facility, unexpectedly, has everything other than a brig. You will wait here until Heisenberg says otherwise,” Captain Perry said plainly. Maya raised an eyebrow at him. He crossed his arms, “Would you rather share a cell with a chimera? I promise these won’t be as tame as your friends.”
Maya huffed and promptly sat down on the side of his bed, turning her head away. She heard the man turn around and walk out the door. As soon as she heard the click of the door shutting, Maya rushed over and pulled at the handle. It was locked.
She sighed, trapped in enemy hands with no way to escape. There had to be something she could do. Maya thought. She couldn’t break down the door like John or Nicolas. She couldn’t pick the lock like Dmitri…What would Tara do? Would she gather information and wait for rescue? Would she look for a weapon and fight her way out once her captor returned?
Both seemed like a good idea to Maya, but, even if she found a weapon, could she use it against someone? After debating the question for a while she finally came to the conclusion it would be better to be armed and not need it than to need it and be unarmed. Without delay Maya began tearing apart the room looking for anything that could be useful, searching for any information that might prove valuable, and simply making a mess to spite Johannes.
 
* * *
 
The map led him to a dirt road off the highway and into the mountains where the rough terrain made travel by motorcycle difficult. John’s stomach ached where he was cut by Ra-En and every bump turned the dull burn into a sharp sting. John had sealed the wound and stopped the bleeding, but the pain was still present. John figured he must have been cut deeper than he realized, not giving it much more thought. He had more pressing concerns of his mind.
John slowed down and glanced at the map again. Cain outlined the path directly to the base, but scribbled in the margins to leave the road and swing around the right side of the mountain. There they would find the exterior of the ventilation system and would be able to sneak in through it.
He didn’t have time for that. He was going to find Maya in the quickest way possible, and that meant going in through the front door and tracking her scent…even if that took him through the middle of a crowded enemy base. John drove the motorcycle up the switch-backed road, hitting bumps at speeds which threatened to throw him off the bike, and finally reached the end of the path.
Two doors fitted directly into the side of the mountain greeted him. John jumped off the moving motorcycle and approached the smaller door. He tried the handle – it was locked. Above the door he saw a camera and backed up for a better look. The camera followed him. He stepped to the side and the camera moved again.
He would be exposing himself earlier than expected, he thought. At least he had prepared well in advance. John removed his helmet and a long silver mane fell from it. He had been working on building his disguise during the long ride up, transforming his face and making it longer and more slender. His nose had grown and straightened, and his eyes were now a cool, silvery gray.
John looked up to the camera, giving it a good look at his new face, and waited. There was a clunk as the heavy bolt on the door unlocked. John proceeded under the camera’s scrutiny to open the door and enter the complex. The door led to the same long, wide tunnel as the thick gates beside it, only there was a narrow undivided walkway alongside the road.
He ran along the walkway up the long tunnel and eventually reached something of a garage. Maya’s scent wafted faintly toward him in the stale air and he stopped short. He sniffed again. It was definitely her, and there was the scent of the man from the Tasmuaronan base ruins, too. John stepped up his pace.
He followed her scent through the door at the end of the garage and down the dark, winding hallways, until he eventually came out into a comparatively bright and busy corridor. The scientists walking up and down the hall, moving from room to room, or going to or coming from the elevators at the end of the hall, all stopped when the door slammed behind John. All eyes were on him, some narrowed in confusion or widened in recognition, but with a glare from John they all returned to what they were doing.
John walked down the hall standing tall and carrying himself with all the arrogance and contempt he could muster, acting like he belonged there. Following Maya’s scent led him to the elevators. John frowned. How was he supposed to know which floor she got off on? With an inner sigh he decided he would have to stop on every floor in the soaring mountain and search for her scent. He would start at the bottom and work his way up, figuring the basement is where any logical prison would be.
He waited for an elevator, his glower moving an entire crowd of scientists away from the doors of the approaching cabin. When it came John barely gave the people exiting time to get off before he pushed his way forward. He took one step into the elevator when he was stopped by a firm grip on his bicep.
“AS-945?”
John looked around, careful not to show surprise, confusion, or anything on his face. A middle-aged man in a white lab coat stood behind him. He was tall and athletic, his hair a graying shade of reddish brown and his eyes deep blue. He looked John up and down. “You’re shorter than I remember,” he stated.
John shook his arm free and said noncommittally, “There was trouble.”
“So I heard.” The scientist continued to stare at John for a long moment.
“Is that all?” asked John, trying to keep his voice neutral since he did not know the proper reaction Ra-En would show.
“Hm,” the scientist grunted. “Dr. Heisenberg is waiting for you.”
Heisenberg! John fought to keep his face emotionless. The monster who kidnapped Maya, who created him and all other chimeras, and who was working to create more was calling for him. This could be his chance to put a stop to him once and for all. “Where is he?”
The scientist, who was turning to leave, stopped and gave John a sideways look. “He’s where he always is: the main control room at the top of the mountain…the preparation area. You will go to the observation rooms above us where you will be scanned and give your report.”
The top of the mountain, John thought ignoring the rest of the man’s explanation. If he could find Heisenberg he could end it all in less than a minute. Then another thought struck him. If Maya was captive and something happened to Heisenberg, or even if he failed, Maya would be put in a dangerous situation. She would be held hostage and used against him, or she would simply be executed.
Could she be used against him? Did she actually mean more to him than getting his revenge on Heisenberg? John thought, gritting his teeth. If he rescued Maya now, the alarms would be raised and it would take everything he had just to get them out, if he could even do such a thing. He would not have another opportunity to go after Heisenberg. There was more at stake here than just one little girl, wasn’t there? He looked up at the scientist who was still staring curiously at him.
The answer was obvious, it seemed. There was only one thing he needed to do in this mountain. John stepped back away from the man into the elevator and pressed the last button for the basements.
 
* * *
 
The black pistol was small but heavy. Maya held the gun out in front of her, unsure how to approach the thing. The tiny room was destroyed. What little was in it was now in complete disarray. The bed mattress lay up against the wall, the small desk and chair were on the floor away from the wall where they used to sit, and Captain Perry’s clothes were strewn about the room from Maya’s foray into his suitcase where she had found the gun.
It did not take her long to find the suitcase in the small apartment room, but it was locked when she did. She had given up on it at first and raided the rest of the room, but after hours of finding nothing else she returned to it and tried breaking the lock. It had taken her another hour of trying and giving up and trying again before the zipper finally tore open.
Nicolas wouldn’t be happy to know I’m holding a gun right now, Maya thought. And even less happy to know I’m considering using it. I can just threaten him, right? And make him let me go? I don’t actually have to shoot anybody.
Maya almost dropped the gun when the door clicked. The lock released and the door opened. Maya stood up in a rush and raised the gun, fumbling to wrap her finger around the trigger.
“What are you doing?” asked Captain Perry as he looked around the room, his helmet under one arm.
“Yo–you’re going to take me out of here and let me go. If you don’t…I’ll shoot you!” Maya’s arms shook as she aimed the pistol at Johannes.
He appraised her calmly, “The safety’s on.”
“Oh.” She awkwardly turned the gun in her hands and found the safety. Once she turned the safety off, she pointed the pistol back at the man, fixing her face into a serious expression.
“Also, the magazine’s empty. I don’t store a loaded gun, you know.”
Maya stomped a foot and let out a frustrated noise. She threw the gun at him which he easily caught. “You’re a jerk.”
“You’re the one pointing guns a people,” he said defensively.
Maya crossed her arms, “I’m a prisoner, remember?”
“Point taken,” he conceded. “Now come on, Heisenberg wants to see you.”
Maya paled, “What’s he going to do with me?”
“It seems he just wants to talk to you for now,” Johannes tossed the empty gun to the side, and then ran a hand threw his hair. “After that…I don’t know.”
Maya nodded and walked to the door, her knees feeling weak. She followed the Captain to the elevators and he pressed the topmost button. The cabin lurched up and rocketed skyward, dropping Maya’s stomach to her feet.
The long ride seemed over in an instant. They stepped out into an entrance hall and Captain Perry led her stoically around the elevators and through another door, this one leading into an enormous circular room buzzing with activity. Windows circled the high, domed ceiling, letting in the muffled morning light from the east. Frost and snow gathered on the edges.
In the center of the room, in a small depression in the floor, was a large tank full of a dark green liquid that reminded Maya of pond scum. The room, which was as large as any sports stadium, was taken up mostly by the one tank and its contents. Below it wound wires and tubes and pipes that crossed the room like the knotted roots of a centuries old tree and ran up the slopping walls under the windows.
Below the windows were rows of smaller tanks spaced widely apart and stacked high from the floor to the lofty skylights. They were illuminated from within, a purplish liquid giving the chamber an eerie glow. And, in horror, Maya realized that inside the tanks were human beings, from wrinkled old men to girls barely Maya’s age. They were all naked and suspended in the liquid completely still. Wires and tubes tangled around them from bare foot to bald head. Dozens, hundreds of them lined the walls all around the enormous room.
“Welcome!” cried a bubbly voice. “To the center of it all!”
Chapter Thirty-Six
(back to Table of Contents)
 
The doors slid open and John immediately caught Maya’s scent. The soldier’s scent was there too. It’s strong, he thought, they were here just minutes ago. John followed the scent and walked down the corridor until he came to a room marked Johannes Perry. This is where the trail ended.
He let one ear slip out from under his long white hair and pressed it to the door. He listened for anyone moving around inside, anyone breathing, anyone’s heart beating. There was nothing. They were gone. With a sigh, John turned back to the elevators where the trail started and ended. He would have to keep searching floor by floor.
John jumped when a woman’s voice filled the hall. “AS-945, report to Observation Room One immediately for examination and debriefing. Failure to do so will result in termination.”
John clenched a fist. If he didn’t go he would be trapped in the mountain with the enemy looking to kill him. If he did go he would be giving up his search for Maya. John tried thinking through all of the logical choices and consequences. He would not get another chance to look for Maya or find Heisenberg if the base turned on him now. If he went he may find Heisenberg or Maya on the way. It was a big maybe, but he could not afford to blow his cover just yet.
With a scowl John stalked back to the elevator and got in, pushing the button above the floor from which he began.
 
* * *
 
“Welcome!” Heisenberg said again from behind a large, raised computer terminal. The terminal, almost as large as a car, was on a wheeled hydraulic lift. The lift was lowering Heisenberg from the tank in the center of the room to Johannes and Maya’s feet.
This guy is old, was Maya’s first thought, almost decrepit. His dirty lab coat hung off his sloped shoulders and down his slightly hunched back. Small but thick glasses sat on a prominent nose in front of sparkling hazel eyes. His bushy eyebrows matched the white fluff around the sides of his head.
“Here, on the highest mountain in the world,” he continued, “in the center of the continent, we will start a new era in human civilization. An era with no disease, no war, no rich or poor, no–”
“No humans at all. Isn’t that right?” interjected Maya.
Heisenberg shrugged, “If a human is defined only by the weak, squishy body the mind possesses, than yes there will be no humans. What will remain will be the next evolution of mankind. Smarter, faster, stronger, and with power most people can’t even imagine.”
Captain Perry snapped out of his scrutiny of the impressive room and took a step forward, his face hard but otherwise showing little emotion, “What are you planning, Heisenberg?”
“He’s going to turn all humans into chimera,” Maya told him again. “He’s going to spread a mutagen across Tasmuarona and Khent and destroy the world as we know it.”
“Destroying the world sounds a little harsh, don’t you think?” asked Heisenberg sounding a little hurt. He stepped off the now floor level lift, “I’m changing the world…although, granted, the new comes over the death of the old.”
“I don’t really understand,” Captain Perry said, taking a pistol from its holster and pointing it at the scientist. “And I don’t really care. However, if you’re a threat to Tasmuarona, that makes everything simple. You have to die.”
Heisenberg held up a hand, palm out, “TACS 3.5, freeze.”
Captain Perry grunted, his face strained, and asked in a forced voice as if it were difficult to breathe, “What did you do to me, Heisenberg?”
“The Tactical Combat Suit version three-point-five is an engineering marvel, if I do say so myself. It combines advances in biometrics, prosthetics, programming, and robotics…just to name a few. It’s so advanced, in fact, that it hardly needs a pilot after a few days of learning. It just needs orders.” Heisenberg walked around the gun and ruffled the Captain’s hair, “Much more reliable than a human without a control chip in his head.
I have to say, though, I am disappointed in you, Johannes. I was looking forward to you being with me at the dawn of the new age. Just a few hours to go, too. One would think, though, that you would wait for a more opportune time to turn on me. You know, gather information, learn how to stop the terrible doomsday device, learn who else you would have to kill to stop the encroaching cataclysm…all that cloak and dagger stuff you seemed so good at.”
“I just couldn’t stand listening to you ramble on anymore,” the Captain coughed. “Besides, there’s absolutely no security in this place. It’s only you and a bunch of idealistic scientists. After killing you I could take my time to figure all that out.”
“I wouldn’t be so sure of that,” Heisenberg smiled cryptically. “Security isn’t just men with guns posted at every door.” He motioned toward two of the younger male scientists among the gathering throng, “Carry him to an available operation room and prepare him for a control chip. TACS 3.5, right hand open.” With a thumb and forefinger, Heisenberg carefully took the gun off the fingers of the Captain’s now open hand and handed it delicately to another scientist. He then turned to the rest of the crowd and called out cheerily, “The rest of you, back to work!”
Captain Perry was dragged off, stiff as a board, toward the doors as Maya watched helplessly. His eyes were fixed in a glare at Heisenberg, a vague trace of fear on his features. An arm hooked under hers and Maya stiffened. Heisenberg was on her right side with her arm in both of his, supporting her.
“Walk with me, dear. Talk with me.” He began escorting her along the wall and around the massive room. Maya tried averting her eyes from the humans trapped in the tanks on the walls, but it was too terrible to ignore. “First,” began Heisenberg, his smile never faltering, “Tell me about yourself, Maya. Where are you from? What are your hobbies? Interests?”
Maya did not answer, but kept looking away, wondering. How did he know my name? “Do you like books?” Heisenberg continued, unfazed. “I love books, especially fiction! I read everything I can from comics to epics. Anything can happen in them! They’re what give me most of my ideas! As a boy I was disappointed that our world was so bland and boring. No magic, no incredible beasts or monsters, no far out technology, nothing.
However, one day I realized that with science, we can simply make all these things happen! Someone from one hundred years ago would certainly think today’s technology is magic, right? So I began to study. Oh, how I studied! I absorbed everything from biology, to chemistry, to computer science, to psychology.
It was actually during my years in the psychology department at the Royal Academy of Tasmuarona that I first began to think changing the world would be possible. It was there I met my first love. She was a girl about your age, brought into the department for a study in parapsychology. The first known psychic!
Her power was fantastic! She could make anything happen, and for the first time my dreams of a world with magic were given substance! Even after using her power to find more people gifted with psychic potential, she was the most powerful by several magnitudes. With the hundreds of potentials I’ve gathered, she still makes up almost fifty percent of the psychic battery!”
Heisenberg paused as if surprised, and then laughed a small, cheerful laugh, “Oh, listen to me prattle on about myself. I know nothing about you! Tell me, dear, how do you know of our plans? I’m curious; no one outside of this central facility knows our little ulterior motive. How do you?”
Maya remained silent, continuing to stare at the walls, taking in the details of the captive men and women in the tanks. For the first time she was too scared to say anything. This man was obviously insane. And if he realized that Cain Wylde was still alive he would no doubt try to kill him.
“Let me tell you what I know,” he said, patting her arm. “First of all, you, young lady, are a very powerful psychic.” Maya became rigid in his arms. “We first registered your power when you destroyed AS-945. And then again when you two met for the second time after returning from Emadox.
It was probably in Emadox you learned of our plans, I’m thinking, because after that you came straight for this base – very courageous considering what you’re up against. I have an inkling of who you might have met there; we’ve been under frequent attack since a certain someone met an unfortunate end several years ago…”
“How do you know all of this?” Maya asked quietly, finally working up the courage to look him in the eye. She put on what she hoped was a brave, defiant face, though she was petrified inside.
Heisenberg’s smile widened, “That boy, Dmitri I think, is a very bright young lad, but unfortunately he has no chance against technology he’s never seen before. The centurion you ‘captured’ is still linked to our mainframe. We’ve been watching and listening for some time now. In fact, your friends are due to arrive any moment. We’ve already rolled out the welcome mat for them.”
A mix of emotions washed over Maya. Her friends were on their way to rescue her, but what kind of horrible welcome did this man have in store for them? Heisenberg brought her to a halt in front of one of the tanks.
“Why are you telling me all of this?” asked Maya, jerking her arm from the man’s grasp.
Heisenberg ignored her question and continued his monologue, “Number One. The first psychic. She was and still is the key to it all. She is what allowed all of this to happen, and is what will allow all of our dreams to be realized. True, after she found out what our dreams were she became a little reluctant. She ran off with one of our scientists and their illegitimate child. But we were soon reunited. Unfortunately the man died and the child was lost…”
Heisenberg looked at Maya who stood in wide-eyed horror in front of the tank, staring open mouthed at her mother. He smiled again, this time there was no mirth in it, “Where did you say you came from?”
 
* * *
 
Studying the map in all his nervousness really paid off after John ran with it three days ago, thought Nicolas. The curving dirt road that the map led to wound up a good portion of the towering, snow-capped mountain, but they only followed half of the road before turning off into the thinning trees. Once far enough into the wood so as not to be easily seen, they parked the car and gathered their things. Dmitri gently arranged all of his equipment in a backpack.
Tara pat Sphinx, “Sorry, girl. You’ll have to wait here for us.”
Sphinx immediately jumped onto Nicolas’s shoulders, as if determined to go with them.
“No, Sphinx, it’s too dangerous,” admonished Nicolas, picking her up and setting her back in the car. The furry little animal hopped right back out.
“We don’t have time for this,” Dmitri said in exasperation. He grabbed a length of rope out of the back of the car and leashed Sphinx to the steering wheel. “Sorry, girl.”
The trio left Sphinx cheeping her peculiar mewl after them and headed up the mountain. They hiked up the steep, rocky incline with the vast expanses of Khent and Tasmuarona on either side of them. Nicolas led them by the landmarks he remembered from the map.
Dmitri complained almost nonstop at the unexpected physical activity required of him while Big D marched noisily behind. Clouds gathered overhead at the distant peak of the mountain. It quickly grew cooler the higher they climbed, and steam rose from the rocks – evidence of a warmer presence below them.
A light snow began to fall. Small, wet flakes flew into Dmitri’s face. Exhaustion and frustration threatened to get the better of him. He considered having Big D carry him, but as the automaton slipped on a loose rock and fell hard to its knees he reconsidered.
Eventually, as everyone was starting to feel the exertion, they reached their goal. A steep rock face greeted them on which a line of square vents as tall as Nicolas were arranged. Hot air and exhaust billowed out from them. Steel bars and a thick mesh screen covered the openings to keep animals – or intruders – out.
Nicolas tested the bars on one. They didn’t budge. “D, can you help us out here?”
Shivering in his shorts and T-shirt, Dmitri pointed past Tara to a relatively inactive vent and said, “Big D, tear off the bars, please.”
The automaton obediently stomped forward and gripped the bars in its hands, tearing past the mesh screen. There was a creak of metal and then a loud pop as the bars broke in its hands and peeled away from the vent. “Good job,” complimented Dmitri.
Nicolas took out the flashlight he had taken from the car and peeked in, “Looks okay.”
A gust of hot wind blew out of the vent, wafting through Nicolas’s hair and past Tara and Dmitri who were gathered at the hole. Tara’s hands moved to her sickles. “Get back,” she hissed, stepping in front of Dmitri. “I smell chimeras.”
“It definitely stinks,” Nicolas said lowly. Then he added as an afterthought, “No offense, Tara.”
“None taken,” she said, wrinkling her nose at the odor.
Taking out his sectioned-staff, Nicolas backed away from the entrance with the others. A rumbling came from inside like the footsteps of hundreds of soldiers marching across the metal interior of the vent.
“What gives, D? You had to pick the vent with the army in it?” asked Nicolas nervously.
“It was the only inactive vent; it was the logical choice,” defended Dmitri.
Two bright spots of reflected light came from inside the tunnel. The rumbling died down, but a soft padding of footsteps continued. The eyes came into the soft outside light, revealing their owner. A beast with a hulking feline body stood at the entrance of the vent. A serpentine tail curled behind it, while in front a regal mane encircled an eerily human face with one long horn protruding from the crown.
The beast gazed upon the newcomers with its horrible human features. A scratching and padding came from behind it as more chimeras eagerly pushed into the soft light, their hideous mix of human and animal characteristics becoming visible. Their numbers stretched back into the dark, making them impossible to count.
Tara and Nicolas took defensive positions in front of Dmitri while Big D stood behind, its guns trained on the beast ahead of them. The chimera took a deep breath, displaying its rows of razor teeth, and then let out a trumpeting roar that shook the mountain, “KILL!”
Chapter Thirty-Seven
(back to Table of Contents)
 
A little old man and stern-looking woman escorted Maya into the elevator. Heisenberg had left her in their care and gone off to continue his work. She was being led to the ominous sounding Observation Rooms where her potential would be measured and she would be prepared for entry into the psychic battery. Heisenberg withheld none of his intentions, telling Maya his terrifying plans in cheery detail.
Her knees felt weak, and it wasn’t just the throbbing in her leg. She was going to be used to destroy the world and there was nothing she could do about it. Maya felt like crying, but she was far too exhausted. Far too terrified. Besides, even if she could, she still had the presence of mind to want to deny her captors the satisfaction of seeing her tears.
Maya stood upright and looked straight ahead, trying to give the appearance of a strong, resolute woman instead of a frightened little girl. The elevator came to a stop and she was ushered into the hall. Beside them another elevator opened and more people exited onto the floor. Maya glanced at them and stopped in her tracks. Her resolution crumbled. The white-haired demon stood next to her. Ra-En. And he was wearing John’s clothes.
What did that mean? Maya’s mind rushed through all of the horrible things that might have happened to John. And then the demon looked at her. He inhaled in surprise and recognition. “Maya!” he blurted.
Everyone turned to look at him. Maya took a step back in surprise. And then Ra-En did something totally unexpected. He stepped forward and embraced Maya. The hall was silent as everyone stood and watched, mouths agape.
What’s going on? What’s happening? Maya could not make sense of it. She stood in surprise in the demon’s embrace, feeling oddly comforted. Tears threatened in her eyes as all of the day’s troubles came rushing forward.
No, she thought. This man, this monster, had hurt John, had probably killed him. How could I let myself be comforted by him? After a stunned moment Maya began struggling, pushing away from the demon. A few of the stander-bys hesitantly began to move toward them to help Maya, but then she freed a hand and, with a loud pop, slapped Ra-En across the face.
Again, everyone froze. Maya stopped struggling for a moment, realizing what she had done to perhaps the most dangerous being in the world. She looked up and saw Ra-En’s eyebrows raised in shock and sudden realization. His face reddened perceptibly at both the slap and embarrassment. Then there was a blur as the demon moved faster than her eyes could keep up with. Sickening thuds of flesh on flesh came in such rapid succession that they sounded as one.
Maya’s escorts, the men accompanying Ra-En, and whoever else was unlucky enough to be nearby, suddenly collapsed. Maya did not stop to look around in surprise. She knew that any hesitation could kill her. Instead, she ran down the hall for her life. She ran for the nearest stunned scientist, hoping that he could protect her in some way.
He ran away.
Everyone ran away from the rampaging chimera. Maya looked around in desperation, but there was no one who would stop to save her. And then a hand gripped her arm and pulled her to a stop. Without looking, Maya swung around and slapped Ra-En again. She pulled back for another swipe, but this time her hand was caught.
“Maya! Maya!” shouted Ra-En. But Maya kept struggling, eyes closed against her tears. Ra-En gripped her shoulders and shook her, “Maya, look at me!”
Maya stopped struggling, knowing it was useless against his strength. She relaxed her eyes and peeked up at the demon. He had a concerned, almost gentle look on his face. “I’m here to help you,” he said. “Please, trust me.”
Maya swallowed and felt herself reluctantly begin to nod when Ra-En whipped around at the sound of movement behind them. The woman who had been escorting Maya was propped up on an elbow and had her handheld to her ear. “Terminate AS-945. Authorization code: AC37-545G-IC92.”
Ra-En ran at her, but was too late. She snapped the handheld closed with a haughty grin. Her grin, though, disappeared quickly when Ra-En showed no signs of slowing down. He hit her with a running kick, going through the phone and driving the shattered device into her face. The woman fell limp.
“Hurry,” he said to Maya, making his way toward the elevators. Maya hesitated for only a split second before making up her mind and running after him.
 
* * *
 
Nicolas impaled a charging chimera and used its momentum to throw the giant lizard-like thing over his head and out of the way. Then he used the backswing to come down hard on another that flew at him. His deadly dance cut through the onslaught of chimeras, dropping them as fast as they came, but there was seemingly no end to them.
He glanced at Tara who darted from one to the next with lethal precision, making one slice and downing her opponent before moving on to the next. She spun around one lunging beast, using the turn to propel her blade through another’s head and splitting it in half at the eyes.
Though Tara did not slow down, her breathing came ragged and gasping. Nicolas felt his stamina nearing depletion as well. Big D had run out of ammo and began swinging the long, serpentine body of a dead chimera wildly, keeping the others at bay and away from Dmitri who now hid behind it.
“D!” hollered Nicolas, bludgeoning another chimera across the face with the butt of his spear. “Take Big D and get out of here!”
Dmitri forced out a laugh, “Like I’m going to let you have all the fun!”
“This isn’t a game!” Nicolas shouted, this time more forcefully. “We can’t keep this up. You have to take that radio thing and continue the mission!”
Continue the mission. It took a moment for Nicolas’s words to sink in. Dmitri’s heart skipped a beat. “Like hell I’m leaving you here to die, you jerk! With Big D here we might manage, but without him you two are done for!”
“Your brother’s right,” Tara panted. “Think of the mission! Think of all the people who will die if we fail!”
“I won’t go!” he screamed. Tears welled up in Dmitri’s eyes, “I can’t do it without you!”
“You can and you will! Big D, take Dmitri and go!” Nicolas sidestepped a lunging chimera and stabbed it through the side.
Dmitri sniffed, a smile tugged at his lips, “You can’t order Big D around. He only listens to me, and I’m not going anywhere!” However, even as he said that, a large steel arm wrapped around him and hauled him into the air. “What the…Big D, put me down!”
The automaton did not listen. It beat down another chimera that got too close and began swinging its way through the mob and up the mountain. Once they reached a negotiable slope on the side of the sheer cliff, it threw the dead chimera, bowling over several pursuers. Tara and Nicolas moved to intercept any of the beasts that tried to go after them, and soon the machine was running freely up the mountain with Dmitri in its arms.
Nicolas watched as Dmitri was carried away, beating on Big D’s unresponsive arm and crying for his brother and Tara, tears flowing without restraint down his face. Both panting and struggling to remain standing, Nicolas and Tara stood between the gathering army of chimera and Dmitri. These odds don’t look too good, Nicolas noted.
Nicolas adjusted his grip on his spear and nervously called out to Tara, “Hey, Tara, want to make a deal?”
Tara looked at him incredulously, “A deal?”
“Yeah,” he smiled. “If we get out of this alive, you go on a date with me.”
“My choices are dying or going on a date with you?” Tara laughed, “That’s a pretty morbid basis for a relationship.”
“So? How about it?”
“How’s this, if you have more kills than me after we cut down all these monsters, then I’ll go on a date with you.”
Nicolas’s smile broke into a toothy, half-mad grin as he brought up his spear, “You’re on!”
No one noticed the small blur slip past after Dmitri.
 
* * *
 
Sirens began to blare and red emergency lights on the bare, unfinished ceiling began flashing. Maya was pulled into the elevator by Ra-En who then slapped the button for the floor below them. “Where are you taking me?” asked Maya anxiously.
“I’m getting you out of this mountain.”
Maya hit the stop button on the elevator and a bell started to ring on top of the already blaring klaxon, “I’m not going anywhere until I stop that madman and free those people!”
“We don’t have time for this!” argued Ra-En, reaching for the button. Maya stepped in front of him. “You’re going to get yourself killed! Give it up and escape while you have the chance!”
“Why should I trust you, anyway? Why are you helping me?” Maya demanded. “And why are you wearing John’s clothes? You killed him, didn’t you, you monster!”
Ra-En rolled his eyes, “It’s me, you idiot. I’m John!”
Maya blinked, “What?”
Ra-En sighed and reached behind his back for his hair. After grabbing a handful he jerked and his hair broke, leaving a short, neat cut exposing his canine ears. The base began to turn dark and spread up imperceptibly through his hair. Then, to Maya’s shock and disgust, he clawed at his own face, tearing the skin and peeling it like a days old sunburn. Thick clumps came off at his nose and above his eyes and dropped to the floor with his hair.
Maya stared wide-eyed as beneath the skin John’s face was revealed, “How?”
John shrugged, “Never mind that. Do you trust me now? We have to get out of here.”
Maya shook her head, fighting off the urge to tackle John with a hug, and remembered why they were there, “No. We have to stop Heisenberg.”
“The whole base is after us now, we have to get out of here!” he repeated angrily. “Besides, without the radio device we have no way of getting in contact with Cain and shutting down this place.”
“Then we’ll do it by force!”
“With just the two of us? It’s impossible!”
“He has my mom!” cried Maya. John went quiet, comprehension washing over his face. “He has my mom and hundreds of other people all locked up. He’s going to use them to spread that mutagen thing across the entire world. We have to save them, and we have to stop Heisenberg!”
John was silent for a while looking into Maya’s pleading eyes. Maya’s gaze didn’t waver and soon John was forced to look away. “Do you have a plan?”
Relief rushed over Maya and she couldn’t help but smile broadly at him. “We don’t have to do this alone,” she said confidently. “Johannes, the man who brought me here, he’s a good guy…I think. At least he doesn’t seem to like Heisenberg very much. If we save him he might be able to help us.”
“So we’ll have three people,” said John, still not convinced. “Then what? How do we stop Heisenberg’s plan without the others?”
“The others are coming, Heisenberg said so. But even if they don’t make it in time, all we have to do is free the psychics and he’ll have nothing to spread the mutagen.”
John scratched his head, mulling over Maya’s explanations, “Okay, so where is all this stuff? Where is this Johannes? And how will we get to him? I bet they’re already working on pulling us out of this elevator.”
This time Maya looked away and began playing with her hands, fidgeting nervously under John’s scrutiny, “Well, the psychics are being held on the top floor, but, um, I’m not exactly sure where Johannes is…”
John sighed, “And I’m sure you have no idea how to get out of this elevator and find him.”
Maya made a small sound confirming his assumption. The two stood in silence for a while thinking, but neither came up with any brilliant plan. John paced back in forth in the small elevator while Maya took a seat in the corner, looking up and bumping her head lightly on the wall hoping to knock loose an idea.
She stared up at the ceiling. It was plain and basic, with only one large, humming fluorescent light above them and a speaker for the interminable elevator music. Maya sighed. “Aren’t elevators supposed to have escape hatches or something?” John stopped in mid-pace and looked up inquisitively. “There isn’t one, I already looked,” Maya told him, following his gaze.
“Elevators always have escape hatches,” he muttered at the ceiling. John reached up and removed the cover on the lights, and then, after fiddling inside a bit, the casing holding them swung inward. The lights dangled back and forth on their hinges casting odd shadows across the elevator. Above, in the newly formed hole, was the escape hatch.
“John!” exclaimed Maya. “You’re a genius!”
A sour expression crossed John’s face and he said quietly, “If I were a genius I would have thought of it first. I was trying to think of how to fight our way out of here on the next floor.”
Maya stuck her chest out proudly, “Well then, I guess I’m the genius.”
Ignoring Maya, John tested the hatch. It didn’t budge.
“It’s locked?” asked a suddenly deflated Maya.
“They’re always locked,” John told her. Maya sunk back to the floor in disappointment, sighing and running her hands through her hair. John followed suit, crouching down below the hole. Then he released his coiled muscles and leapt at the hatch, slamming a palm into the small door. There was a pop as bolts snapped and the escape hatch flew open.
Maya jumped to her feet, “You did it!”
Without acknowledging her he jumped again, leaping through the small hole with simian agility. Maya watched him go up and then extend an arm down for her which she happily accepted. Soon she was atop the elevator with John. Luckily, they found themselves on the closest elevator to the wall and were able to reach the emergency ladder.
“You go first in case they open the elevator doors and come after us,” ordered John. “Just keep climbing and I’ll sniff out your friend’s trail.”
“What if he’s below us?” Maya asked cautiously.
John’s expression was hard, “Then we’re just out of luck, and we’ll all have to figure something out for ourselves.”
Maya swallowed, nodded, and began to climb.
Chapter Thirty-Eight
(back to Table of Contents)
 
Dmitri huddled against the cold steel of Big D’s body, trying to shield himself from the wind and snow. The snow came down light, but it sucked the heat from him whenever one of the large flakes landed on his body and melted. Although keeping track of time in his physical and emotional misery was hard, Dmitri supposed it had been at least an hour, maybe two.
His face was red and his eyes dried out. He had continued crying out his frustration, anger, and despair long after his friends’ exhausted battle cries faded into the distance. Now he just waited, emotionally drained, fighting the cold until Big D finally decided to put him down. The automaton marched on mercilessly, slowly picking its way up the rocky mountain along the safest, most stable paths and crunching through the snow.
Between the drive up the base of the mountain, the hike to the vents, and now Big D’s flight from the battle, they were almost to the top of the mountain – a trek which had taken the majority of the day. Dmitri wondered dully what they would do when they finally reached the top of the snow-capped mountain.
A flickering light in the corner of his eye disturbed his thoughts. Looking up to the top of the mountain – which was closer than he expected – Dmitri saw something like a long sheet of ice circling the mountain. He took off his glasses and cleaned them of snow and fog on his shirt. No, he thought coming out of his stupor, that’s not ice. It’s something manmade.
Dmitri beat on Big D’s chest calling to be set down, and, to his surprise, he was. Trembling almost uncontrollably and struggling to breath in the thin air, Dmitri walked up the mountain toward the dim reflection of light in the distance. Big D followed. Perhaps this is what his brother sent him to find.
With a surge of renewed determination he reminded himself of the sacrifice his brother and Tara made for him. Tears threatened again, but he wouldn’t let them come. He would see his mission through to the end. It was heart that mattered, not strength, not numbers.
But as Dmitri’s resolve strengthened, so did the snow. The wind threatened to knock Dmitri off his feet, but he felt the solid hand of Big D on his back pushing him forward. The light snow that had only been a nuisance before was quickly becoming a full-blown storm, testing Dmitri’s resolve.
Big D reached a hand around Dmitri to pick him up again, but he pushed it away and hiked on. He would finish this himself. The faces of everyone he met on his journey flashed by. He would finish this for Nicolas, for Tara, for Maya and John. He would do it for Cain Wylde and Dr. Lussi, for Beth and her father in Rowanwood, and for all the people of the world who waited unknowingly for their demise.
He would not give up. Everyone was depending on him. He would fight. And he would win.
 
* * *
 
The emergency sirens were blaring and red lights flashed in his eyes wherever he looked. Of course, where he could look was limited since his suit was frozen up to his neck. Johannes Perry lied awkwardly on a steel surgical table in a cold operation room staring at the wall. His arm was stretched out toward the wall and his legs were still in mid-stride. He could see the helmet sitting on a desk in the corner next to his pistol.
The surgical table sat right underneath the loud, rattling air duct and the tepid air blew straight down onto his face drying out his eyes. He wondered which troublemaker set off the alarms. The girl? Her friends? Or had Heisenberg lost control of another one of his infernal creations? There was no telling.
The air duct rattled harder. If this thing shakes any more it’s going to fall right on top of me, he thought. The noise of the air conditioner grew louder, almost like echoing voices. Maybe he was finally starting to go crazy.
A muted, girlish voice came from the duct, “That last one didn’t count.”
“Why not?” argued a hushed man’s voice.
“It was coming straight for me and I was ready for it,” the girl said tersely. “Just a second later and I would’ve killed it!”
“Early bird gets the worm. In this case I’ve got a date!” There was a pause and then the air conditioner started shaking violently. “Ow, don’t kick me! You’re being a sore loser! Ow!”
There was a snap and a loud crash as part of the large, round air conditioning duct fell, bending in a right angle from the ceiling. Two blood soaked teenagers spilled out onto the surprised captain, knocking the table to the floor and sending the three sprawling.
Perry recognized the two as Maya’s cohorts immediately as they stood up shakily and dusted themselves off. Nicolas, the ridiculously strong young anarchist, and A8-07, dubbed Tara, chimera and newest member of their team. Things were about to get difficult.
“It’s you!” exclaimed Nicolas when he finally turned to find Captain Perry at his feet, propped on a stiff arm and leg like a fallen mannequin. Nicolas had his sectioned-staff in his hands in the blink of an eye.
“I’m on your side,” said Perry with a bored sigh, rolling his eyes.
Nicolas ignored him, “Where’s Maya, you gun-toting kidnapper? What did you do with her?”
Tara flicked her sickles out in an instant, “This is the guy who took Maya?”
“Yeah, and he was the one chasing us all through Tasmuarona. Don’t let your guard down around him.”
Tara arched an eyebrow, “He doesn’t look like much. Why are you just lying there?” She reached out with a foot and nudged him.
Perry sighed again, “Heisenberg was deceiving us all. I tried to kill him and now I’m imprisoned in this suit. Free me and I’ll help you, leave me and they’ll make me their brain-slave and I’ll be forced to fight you again.”
“Why should we believe you?” Nicolas asked guardedly.
“Look at the situation, you dolt!” exploded Perry, losing what little patience he had. He turned to Tara, “Make your boyfriend listen to reason!”
Tara instantly turned red and tightened her grip on her sickles, “He’s not my boyfriend!”
“You don’t have to get that mad,” grunted Nicolas.
“We don’t have time for this!” Perry barked. “Heisenberg knows you’re here! He knows everything! Free me, and I’ll help you stop him!”
Nicolas looked to Tara who nodded at him. “Fine, but try anything funny and you’re a dead man.”
“Better than being a slave to that madman,” grumbled Perry. “Destroy the computer in the small of my back and I’ll be released. Just be careful.”
Nicolas walked carefully around the man and saw the slightly raised portion of the suit at the small of his back. With fluid precision he straightened the sectioned-staff and snapped the ends together. A three pronged spear sprung out of one end. And then a bubbly voice came over the intercom, “TACS 3.5, destroy the intruders!”
Captain Perry was immediately on his feet. A blade sprung from the top of his left wrist and he swiped at Nicolas who barely managed to dodge. “I knew it!” growled Nicolas. “You were trying to lure me in to kill me!”
“I’m being controlled, you moron!” Captain Perry replied angrily through clenched teeth, fighting to control his own body. “It’s the suit! You have to destroy the computer on the back or it won’t stop even if I’m dead!” Captain Perry pointed his right fist at Tara. “Bolt gun!”
Tara leapt to the side just in time to avoid the deadly bolt as it flew through her hair. Nicolas swung his spear straight down at Perry’s head, but it was blocked by the blade. As Perry shouted curses and instructions at Nicolas, the suit lunged forward, sliding the blade down the spear and at Nicolas’s hands.
Nicolas pulled back just in time to save his hands, lowering the spear tip and allowing the Captain’s lunge to put him off balance. He then danced around Perry and spun his spear in a wide arc at him. With a clang of steel on steel the spear was stopped. Perry’s arm was twisted behind his back, blocking the attack and making him grunt in pain.
The suit kicked swiftly with Perry’s leg and threw Nicolas across the room into the desk in the corner. The helmet fell into Nicolas’s lap as he sat for a moment, shaking the pain from his head. And suddenly, without reason, Captain Perry spun wildly for a moment attacking the air. Without pausing to wonder why, Tara leapt at the suit’s back with her sickles, but before she landed a hit the suit regained control and brought an elbow down on her hand making her drop a sickle.
Perry’s suit then started a series of relentless swipes at Tara with the blade, forcing her back until she felt the wall behind her. She was trapped. The blade came down again and she caught it with her remaining sickle, but the attack was strong and Tara’s bullet wound suddenly ignited in pain. She dropped to her knees and the suit bore down on her, sliding the blade across her own and forcing it closer to her throat.
The Captain’s right fist rose and pointed at Tara between her eyes. Then there was a bellowing roar from the corner of the room. Nicolas, still sitting in front of the desk, threw the helmet as hard as he could at Captain Perry. His throw went wide sending the helmet crashing into the door, but it still had an effect. The suit’s arm swung wide and the bolt struck the ceiling harmlessly.
“The camera in the helmet!” yelled Perry in sudden realization. “That’s how the suit is seeing!” With a grunt he was kicked backward by both of Tara’s feet in his chest. Tara scrambled for the helmet, but the door opened inward unexpectedly knocking the helmet away from her. Captain Perry spun wildly and fell to the ground.
Standing in the doorway and watching the scene was a salt and pepper haired John, with Maya standing behind him peeking over his shoulder. Nicolas dove for the helmet and threw it to John who caught it in one hand. “Get the helmet out of here!”
John raised an eyebrow at the helmet, turned back to the hall, and casually tossed the helmet down the corridor. Captain Perry clutched at the floor, the suit trying to maintain its balance. Slowly, as the clattering down the hall slowed to a stop, he stood up. Tara and Nicolas circled the man cautiously, drawing ever closer.
Maya cried out at the two in confusion as she watched them seemingly prepare for a kill, but John held her back with a restraining arm, sensing the danger in the room. Then, acting in unison, Tara and Nicolas dove forward with each of their respective weapons and slashed at the back of the suit. Captain Perry flinched, and then collapsed onto the floor. Wires and silicon spilled out of his back, and small sparks jumped into the air.
Maya pushed past John’s arm and stepped into the room, casting a worried glance at Johannes but keeping her distance. He got up shakily and looked down at his body. Slowly he moved and stretched and flexed, testing his new freedom. They managed to do it without killing me, he thought mildly impressed.
“Good work,” he grunted off-handedly, walking away from the others and toward the small desk in the corner. He picked up the pistol and gave it a quick look over. Turning back with the gun in hand he asked, “Ready? Everyone here?”
“Where’s Dmitri?” asked Maya looking around.
Nicolas, who had been glaring at the Captain, relaxed his face with a heavy breath and looked toward Maya. Worry, regret, and pain crossed his face. “We sent him ahead up the mountain. Things were looking bad for us.”
Tara reached a comforting hand to his shoulder. Maya could see how upset Nicolas was and said reassuringly, “I’m sure we’ll meet up with him soon. I bet he’s already found another way into the mountain. You know how smart he is.”
Nicolas nodded solemnly, seeming to take some comfort in her words, but then Captain Perry spoke up, “You brought that kid here? What in the world were you thinking?”
“I don’t want to hear anything from someone who’s been working for Heisenberg, you kidnapper!” Nicolas exploded.
“Hey, I didn’t have a choice!” Perry snapped, pointing a finger at Nicolas. “It was that or watch my subordinate be killed!”
“As if you care for anyone other than yourself! You kidnapped Maya twice, pointed a gun at my little brother’s head, and who knows what else while you were chasing us across the world!”
“I do what is in the best interest for Tasmuarona, even if that means I have to be the bad guy! Get over it and think of the task at hand! We have to stop Heisenberg!”
“Don’t tell me–” Nicolas was stopped by a hand on his arm.
John pulled Nicolas to face him and said, “He’s right.”
“What?” hissed Nicolas.
“About the last part at least. We need to put these things aside and think about how to stop Heisenberg,” John looked Nicolas straight in the eyes.
“But–!”
“Maya trusts him.”
Nicolas withdrew slightly and looked to Maya who nodded. He sighed, “Fine, but I’m not going to like it.”
“You don’t have to,” grumbled Perry. “I’m not going to like it either. Now, do you kids have a plan?”
Maya quickly told them her plan to rescue the psychics and stop the distribution of the mutagen. Perry grunted along as she explained it, and by the end he was shaking his head. “That can hardly be considered a plan. It’s more like winging it, hoping for a particular outcome.”
“You have any bright ideas?” asked Nicolas dryly.
“No,” admitted Perry. “That’s why I’m going along with you. But you’ll be listening to me, got it?”
“Why?” Nicolas challenged. “Because you’re older?”
“Because, young man, I am the one here with the most actual combat experience and military operations training.”
Although Nicolas was at least as tall as the Captain, Perry seemed to tower over him as he said this. After the two glowered at each other for a moment, Nicolas finally turned aside with a huff, “Fine, but I’m definitely not going to like it.”
Chapter Thirty-Nine
(back to Table of Contents)
 
The long halls were one trap after the other. Perry led the troop through the long winding corridor to the elevators, but at every turn they encountered another obstacle. As soon as they left the operation room, half a dozen automatons detached themselves from the flat walls in which they were disguised, leaving odd shaped holes in their place. Perry shot each machine once in the camera without slowing his quick pace.
Around the next corner – seeming to Nicolas simply to spite him – a machinegun dropped from the ceiling mounted on a revolving turret. The rotors began to spin, but before it got off one shot Nicolas hurled his spear at the thing. The spear bounced off uselessly, but the distraction gave Tara the opportunity to sprint down the hall and under the gun. She jumped onto it and ripped out wires until it stopped moving.
Soon they were at the row of elevators, but Perry, explaining that the elevators were too dangerous, turned right to a door at the end of the row. When he reached for the bar to push the door open there was a metallic clank as it locked itself. Unfazed, Perry instantly turned to look for another way around, but John brushed past him and ran at the door, drop kicking it. There was a snap as the steel bolt broke and the door was thrown open.
This time John took the lead, taking them up the spiraling stairs to the top of the mountain. The stairs wound along the walls of the deep, wide shaft, leaving a hole in the middle that continued into darkness. Maya had just begun to hope that maybe Heisenberg had not planned any traps for the stairwell when a door burst open a floor above them. Heavy, metallic footsteps stomped onto the stairs and another legion of centurions revealed themselves. The machines marched along the stairs to situate themselves above the party and across from them, on the other side of the drop.
Nicolas pushed Maya into Perry and they both fell back down the stairs, Perry shielding Maya until they reached the landing. John leapt the gap, grabbing the bottom of the stair rail in front of the automatons and flipping himself up onto the stairs, while Tara extended an arm to Nicolas. Taking his cue, Nicolas took her arm and the waist of her pants and hurled her across the space. He was vaguely surprised at how light she was. His throw sent Tara almost two flights up to land on top of one of the large machines.
Tara hacked at the camera of the automaton she rode with a sickle while John wedged himself between the wall and another and pushed mightily with his legs. The machine toppled over the edge and fell into oblivion, crashing against stair rails on its way down. Nicolas ran up the stairs to aid them, a trail of bullets riddling the walls behind him.
The blinded centurion Tara rode stopped its flailing and wild shooting, ending in a position facing down the stairs toward John and the other automatons. Tara clung to its back shielding herself from the barrage of bullets that came from the remaining automatons. A chamber opened in its center revealing a large barrel.
John sensed the danger before he was fully aware of what was coming. There was a rush of burning air and a missile flew out of the barrel. It collided with the wall above the remaining centurions in a ball of fire. The collapsing concrete wall knocked the remaining three centurions over the edge, and threatened to crush John and Nicolas as well who pulled back just in time to avoid a boulder-sized chunk of wall.
Maya and Perry got to their feet, having been knocked down again by the blast, while John snuck around Tara’s automaton and gave it the same treatment as his previous target. As the last centurion fell into the gaping chasm in front of them, Maya and Perry surveyed the damaged above them in awe. A wall of rubble separated them and Nicolas from their companions. Half of the staircase up the wall had been crushed and hung precariously by the rails over the gap.
From the landing below the destroyed section, Nicolas tested the stairs. An ominous groan issued forth and echoed down the stairwell. He grunted, thinking. “Maya, come here.”
Maya walked up to the next landing with Perry in close pursuit, “What?”
“I’m going to throw you across like I did Tara,” he stated plainly.
Maya raised an eyebrow, “You’re going to what?”
Without explaining further or even waiting for consent, Nicolas grabbed Maya by her waist and shoulder, spun, and tossed the screaming, flailing girl over the rubble. Maya twisted awkwardly in the air, but was caught easily by John. She took a few calming breaths once on firm ground again, and then shouted a long string of threats at Nicolas.
Captain Perry crossed his arms and looked at Nicolas, “I hope you’re not planning on throwing me like that.”
Nicolas scoffed, “Find your own way across.” He didn’t think that he would be able to throw a full grown man that distance anyway. Nicolas crouched into a sprinter’s start and, without hesitation, ran across the groaning pile of rubble, hopping from one thick chunk of wall to the next until he had climbed up to the next landing.
His foot had just left the last boulder of concrete when the staircase collapsed and fell to the lower level of stairs, smashing loudly. Perry threw up his arms. “Now what?” he called out.
“Find your own way across,” Nicolas repeated. “We’ll see you at the top.” He then began to lead the others up the stairwell, continuing their ascent. Maya started to object, but Nicolas cut her off, “We’ll be sitting targets if we wait for him, and we have a date with Heisenberg we can’t be late for. Don’t worry about him, he has years of combat experience and military training, I’m sure he’ll catch up.”
Maya glanced back at Johannes with concern, watching him stand in front of the chasm thinking until she turned the corner and he was out of sight.
 
* * *
 
Heisenberg was not pleased. He watched the monitor as it flickered to the next camera, following A9-13 and his friends up the stairs. All of his most fun toys were doing nothing to stop them. Soon they would be in the preparation room with him where, due to space constraints and the number of delicate instruments and machinery, security was lightest.
Heisenberg stretched, his old bones cracking and popping. “Wake up Patient 106 and bring him up,” he ordered a passing white coat.
The woman faltered, “But…sir…I need to finish double checking tank status on the–”
“Double checking is, by definition, redundant. And I hate redundancy. If there was a flaw in the system it would have been found already. Now, run along.” He turned back to the console and began raising himself up on the lift when he looked back with a second thought. “Oh, by the way,” he called out, stopping the woman short. “Tell everyone else that I’m starting the countdown sequence. The mutagen storm will begin in fifteen minutes.”
The woman balked and began to protest, but Heisenberg ignored her and continued to rise. He brought the lift to its highest point where he was both able to monitor the entire room and where he would be out of reach of any danger the renegade chimeras and foolish humans might pose. His fingers flew across the console’s keyboard as he began the complex procedure for uniting nearly three hundred psychic brains in an attempt to physically introduce a mutagen into every living creature across the continent.
 
* * *
 
“I can’t go on,” gasped Maya, bending over her knees at the next landing. They had been running up the stairs at a grueling pace for several minutes, and now Maya’s knees were wobbling and threatening to give out. She had struggled up the last flight somehow, but now she had reached her limit. “Go on without me,” she called up to the others.
“Okay,” John called back from the landing above her.
I should have expected that, thought Maya irritably.
Tara shouted down to Maya, “Maya, I can see the top. Just two more flights and we’re there!”
Maya groaned and began to climb again, holding onto the rail like a crutch, and a couple flights later she saw her friends waiting for her. They all looked out of breath, but grim determination was set on their faces. Maya collapsed at the top.
“Ready?” asked John.
Tara and Nicolas nodded resolutely.
“Give me…just…a sec…” Maya pleaded between breaths. After a short moment she forced herself to stand, taking Nicolas’s helping hand, and said to John, “Ready.”
At that moment a faint mechanical female voice echoed from behind the stairwell door, “Mutagen storm in T minus ten minutes.”
“Ten minutes? Ten minutes!” Maya began to panic. “What are we going to do? It starts in ten minutes!”
“Nothing’s changed,” said a voice from behind them.
Maya turned around and saw Johannes walking up the stairs. His face was covered in a sheen of sweat and he was breathing hard, but he stood up straight and showed no sign of wanting rest.
“You’re back,” Nicolas stated plainly. “Super.”
Captain Perry ignored him. He walked to the stairwell door ahead of them and said to everyone, “You’re going to free as many psychics as you can, and I’m going to take down Heisenberg.”
“Why do you get the fun part?” argued Nicolas.
Johannes’s hand was too fast for Maya to see. There was a pop and Nicolas staggered back. A split second later, Nicolas’s spear was at the Captain’s throat. Johannes didn’t flinch.
“You slapped me?” exclaimed Nicolas.
“Stop arguing about every little thing!” Johannes spat back. “Put your priorities in order! Right now freeing those people before the mutagen is released is more important, that’s why all of you will be on it! I’ll be the first to admit it: I’m the weakest member of this team. That’s why I alone will go after Heisenberg. It won’t take more than one worn-out soldier to defeat that old man. Now man up and do your job!”
Nicolas clenched his teeth and retracted the spear head. He looked Johannes hard in the eyes, “Make sure you do your job right. I don’t want to have to come save your butt after we rescue all the others.”
Johannes nodded, “Let’s go.” He then led the group through the door, across the foyer and past the elevators, and they were finally in the great, arena-sized preparation chamber. The purple fluid-filled tanks containing the psychics lined the high rock walls. Wires and tubes stretched between them like vines along the wall until making their way across the floor and to the glass vat in the center of the room. 
“T minus nine minutes.”
Around that giant vat were gathered hundreds of white-coated men and women, all waiting expectantly for something. Johannes raised his pistol and fired at the container without warning. The bullet ricocheted off harmlessly, leaving only a small white spot of cracked glass.
There were screams and shouts of surprise at the sudden gunfire as the crowd ducked and covered their heads. Eyes turned to the intruders’ direction, and gasps and murmurs of shock and alarm rippled through the gathering. Then a voice resounded above them all.
“People, please evacuate to a safe distance. The intruders will be taken care of momentarily,” said Heisenberg from atop a raised platform near the tank. The crowd ran to the other end of the room away from Johannes and the intruders.
Heisenberg then turned to Captain Perry, “By the way, that’s tempered glass a fist thick. You’re not going to break it.”
“Go,” ordered Johannes, spurring the others into a run alongside the walls. He stormed toward Heisenberg with his pistol trained on the old scientist, “Give it up, Heisenberg. I can take you down from here if I have to.”
“You could…if you had any bullets left,” Heisenberg shrugged, calling his bluff.
Seen through, Johannes lowered his gun and threw it to the side. As it clattered across the floor he said, “I guess I’ll just have to beat the sense into you.”
He began sprinting toward Heisenberg who in turn spurred his raised platform away from the Captain. The madman cackled wildly as he sped around the room on the computer terminal high above Johannes, making dangerously sharp turns and racing away whenever he got too close. All the while, Heisenberg was typing away at the terminal, making delicate adjustments to the system while the countdown continued.
“T minus eight minutes.”
 
* * *
 
Maya led the others quickly along the side of the wall past countless psychic slaves held motionless in their tanks. “If we start with my mom we can take out half of the psychic battery in one shot,” she explained, very conscious of their lack of time. They soon arrived at the tank holding Maya’s mother. Nicolas blushed at her state of undress and looked away.
“So how are we going to get her out?” he asked.
“Quickest way possible,” John answered, making a fist.
There was a squeal behind them and they all turned back to see Heisenberg on his platform looming over them. “I wouldn’t do that if I were you,” he taunted. “She won’t live two minutes off life-support.”
Johannes dove for the platform’s moving support, but Heisenberg took off just in time to avoid him. Panting and sweating, Johannes slowly got back to his feet.
Nicolas turned to the Captain, “Stop playing around! This is serious!”
Johannes huffed irritably and went back to running after the giddy scientist.
“What do you want to do Maya? We’re running out of time and options…” Nicolas told her.
Maya hesitated. Without Dmitri they couldn’t put an end to Heisenberg’s plans unless they could convince Heisenberg himself to stop it. And the odds of that happening were slim to none. Maya realized in horror that her only options were to kill her mother or let that mad scientist destroy the world.
“T minus seven minutes.”
“Mom…” Maya whispered, touching a hand to the glass tank. To her surprise it was warm, and the longer she stood there the warmer it became. The feeling spread up her arm and through her whole body giving her comfort and support, relief and strength. With new fortitude Maya turned to the others waiting on her decision.
“My mother is being enslaved and used to create a world I know she wouldn’t want to live in…let’s free her.”
Tara put a comforting hand on Maya’s shoulder, and Maya suddenly realized she was crying. She quickly wiped her eyes on the back of her hands and turned to John and Nicolas, “Please, make it quick.”
John and Nicolas nodded and approached the tank as Maya moved out of the way and into Tara’s arms. A chill ran up John’s spine. The barely audible elevator bell, heavy but distant footsteps, a click. John drop kicked Nicolas into Maya and Tara, knocking the entire party to the ground. There was an explosion and a large hole appeared in a tank on the other side of the room. Thick purple fluid gushed out onto the floor.
“Watch where you’re aiming you great oaf!” shrieked Heisenberg, losing his composure for the first time. He trembled with anger, his wide eyes and wild hair painting the very picture of madness. “If you hit Number One we’re finished! Kill the intruders, but no more shooting! Crush them!”
At the entrance to the chamber, in front of the elevator lobby, a monster stood. He was a hideous amalgam of flesh and steel. A long scar ran down the left side of his face where his eye was replaced with something grotesque and mechanical. In place of his left arm was a hulking metal prosthetic that ended in a great, smoking barrel above a claw-like hand. His right leg was the same, except there were large blades on the knee and foot.
“This is going to be trouble,” John thought aloud.
Chapter Forty
(back to Table of Contents)
 
“I’ve been waiting a long time for our reunion, A9-13,” said the metal man. “Do you remember me?”
John slowly moved away from the others, whispering, “I’ll take care of this, you free Maya’s mother.”
“Maybe you remember scratching out my eye,” he said, pointing to the left side of his face. “Or ripping off my arm,” he raised his prosthetic.
“Didn’t you use to have hair?” taunted John.
Armstrong smiled and ran his right hand over his burn-scarred head, passing over a smaller, neater scar on his forehead, “I’m going to enjoy taking back everything you took from me.”
The huge man launched off of his prosthetic leg and covered the fifty paces between them in less than a second, hitting John with his shoulder and sending him flying across the room where he crashed into the opposite wall loudly.
“John’s going to need help,” said Nicolas, taking a step in his direction.
Tara put an arm across his way, “I’ll go.”
“But–”
“You’re physically stronger than me; you need to break Maya’s mom out of there. I’m a better fighter; I need to help John,” Tara set herself firm and looked Nicolas straight in the eyes.
Nicolas gritted his teeth and finally said, “Just remember, you lost a bet to me. Don’t go dying before paying that off.”
Tara smiled and leaned forward, kissing Nicolas on the cheek. “I’ll be back,” she told the stunned boy. She then spun her sickles in her hands and ran toward the giant man going after John. Nicolas brought a hand absentmindedly to his cheek.
“Is it getting hot in here?” smiled Maya slyly.
Nicolas cleared his throat and turned toward the tank, trying not to make eye contact with Maya. “Stand back. I’m doing this in one shot.” He connected the ends of his staff and took a generous backswing. With a mighty yell, he swung the rod and hit the tank, and then he dropped his staff.
“T minus six minutes.”
“Wow that hurt!” Nicolas tucked his hands under his arms and danced around for a bit. A large crack appeared in the glass, but it didn’t look deep. Nicolas took a deep breath and picked up his staff again, and then with more yelling he began a furious barrage of attacks on the tank.
 
* * *
 
Captain Perry was running out of stamina. Heisenberg was too fast to catch and too clever to corner. Maybe I should give up and go help the kids, he thought. He saw Nicolas pounding away futilely at a tank, and Tara and John were getting thrown around by Armstrong.
He was the last person Perry thought he would see up here, and least of all looking like that. That’s the price of getting involved with Heisenberg, thought Perry, thinking of his own suit. It had once been useful – though he didn’t have any real battle experience with it – but then it was used to control his body, and now that the computer was destroyed it was useless.
Johannes began to feel how powerless he was and started to lose hope, but was snapped out of his self-pity when Heisenberg’s machine flew straight toward him, forcing him to dive out of the way.
“Keep your head in the game!” cackled Heisenberg.
On the floor, Johannes shook his head and cringed. Heisenberg is right, as usual. I can’t be distracted now; I have a job to do. Johannes rolled out of the way again as Heisenberg swept by, and something above him caught his eye. Reflected light flashed off one of the windows circling the walls high above the tanks and separating the sloping walls from the vaulted ceiling – the top of the mountain itself. As it flashed again a crack appeared in the window, and loose dust and rock fell the distance to the floor.
A chance, thought Johannes. Rolling away from another of the madman’s charges, he got to his feet and ran desperately away. Johannes struggled to keep up his pace, his lungs and legs burning from his previous exertion. Heisenberg came at him again, forcing him to tumble to the side.
He led Heisenberg across the wide chamber, dodging left and right as the mobile platform was used to try to run him down. He was trying to stay alive, but also trying to buy time. Eventually, however, he found himself at the wall face-to-face with one of the sleeping captives.
“What’s wrong? Is our game over already?” pouted Heisenberg mockingly. “This is the difference between the weak and the strong, Johannes, dear. This is the world I’m trying to create; where the strong rule!”
“And I suppose you think you’re going to be the strongest?” panted Johannes. He was backed between two tanks, trapped. He looked down the left wall and saw Nicolas beating on the tank, and, behind Heisenberg, John and Tara were busy fighting that monster Armstrong. There would be no help from them.
“Of course! When the mutagen takes effect in me I will shed this old, weak body for a new chimeric physique. I have created an army of chimeras and automatons that will serve me and only me. And I will have sole control over technology several generations beyond what anyone has ever seen. I will be strongest in every definition of the word! No one will be able to stop me!”
Heisenberg broke down into a maniacal laugh. I’ll never let that happen, thought Johannes, hurry…hurry! The mad scientist abruptly stopped laughing and wiped a tear from his eye, “Die now, dear.”
Smiling wickedly, Heisenberg slammed the platform forward to crush Johannes against the wall. Something shattered above him and Heisenberg glanced up just in time to see huge, razor-sharp chunks of tempered glass fall from the sky toward him. With a shriek of terror, Heisenberg threw the platform into reverse. The drastic change in velocity had the expected effect. With nothing to secure him, Heisenberg flew off of the platform and his momentum carried him along a collision course with the wall. The top-heavy platform, spinning wildly without a driver, finally fell with a crash.
The old scientist hit the rock wall and bounced off, the tank below him breaking his fall slightly as he tumbled to the ground. From above, a centurion climbed through the open window carrying something in one arm. With the other arm it dug into the sloping walls and slid down the steep incline, tearing wires and tubes and bare rock off the wall with its decent.
“T minus five minutes.”
“Is that a countdown? We only have five minutes?!”
On one knee and covering his head with his arms from the falling debris, Johannes hazarded a look up and saw that the automaton held a young, snow-covered boy in its arms. “Dmitri?”
“Who wants to know?” he asked suspiciously. Then recognition hit him, “You’re that guy from the Tasmuaronan base ruins!”
Johannes cringed. Can’t they get over that already? “I’m on your side now,” he said hastily. “The computer terminal on top of that platform is what you’re looking for. Go!”
Dmitri thought about it for only a split second before running to the toppled terminal. Only a dozen paces from his brother, Dmitri shouted a quick hello before throwing off his backpack and digging through it.
“D! You made it!” shouted Nicolas happily, taking another swing at the tank. Shards of glass chipped off the tank which was now one big collection of cracks. “It’s all up to you, man! We’re getting nowhere with this!”
“Leave it to me!”
Johannes, seeing that the boy was safe and doing his job, turned on the old scientist who was hobbling away clutching a limp, bleeding arm. Heisenberg looked over his shoulder and saw the Captain storming toward him. In panic he looked around for rescue, and with smug realization quickly found his solution.
Heisenberg stood up straight and faced the approaching soldier, grinning, “Centurion, protect me.”
Heavy, metal footsteps approached Johannes from behind. With a sigh of disbelief at his luck, he wearily looked back just in time to see an enormous hand reach for him. He was caught around the neck and picked up into the air. He grabbed the metal hand with his hands attempting to break out of its grip, but it was too strong.
“Crush him!” cried Heisenberg with glee.
“Big D, stop!” The automaton froze at Dmitri’s cry, its hand painfully tight around Johannes’s neck.
“What are you doing? I order you to kill him!” shrieked Heisenberg in a rage.
“Don’t listen to him, Big D!” shouted Dmitri from the terminal as he worked furiously on connecting the radio with the computer. “You don’t have to do what he says anymore! You have a mind of your own now, you proved that when you ran with me from the chimeras on the mountain!”
“Shut up, you little brat!” hissed Heisenberg. “Centurion, I am ordering you to kill that man! Authorization code: X778-0GM9-8A3Q!”
Dmitri looked up from his work in apprehension, but Big D slowly put down the Captain and released him. Heisenberg shrieked in fury, but then there was a blast and Big D was thrown a step backward. Another, and another. Armor plates were smashed and fell broken to the ground. Another shot rang out and Big D collapsed, unmoving.
“Big D!” cried Dmitri.
Armstrong aimed and shot again. This time Captain Perry was thrown back into the wall near Nicolas and Maya, cracking the rock behind him and dropping him hard. Then Armstrong aimed at Dmitri.
“Wait! You might hit the terminal!” shouted Heisenberg.
The General hesitated, his prosthetic arm raised and pointing at Dmitri. John came out of nowhere and jumped onto the arm, swinging around it and slamming a kick into Armstrong’s face. Tara came up behind him, sickles poised, but with inhuman strength Armstrong turned and threw John into her, sending them both tumbling.
Armstrong turned his attention back to the two chimeras. John and Tara separated themselves and rolled to their feet, immediately back on the offensive. Tara was somewhat reminded of their days of training together. No, she amended, this is different. This monster is more than we’ve ever encountered before.
They ran around in a half circle and converged on either side of the man. Armstrong shot at John’s feet, forcing him to dodge to the side. Tara jumped at the General’s head, sickles outstretched. But with his long arm, he reached past the blades and threw a back-fist at Tara’s face, knocking her down hard.
John, his timing off from Tara’s by a split second from dodging the shot, finally reached Armstrong, but the man was too fast. He kicked John viciously with his steel leg, drawing a deep gash in John’s side and dropping him facedown to the floor. Before John could get up, Armstrong clamped down on his neck from behind with his claw-like hand, the barrel of his gun resting against the back of John’s head.
“Good-bye, A9-13.”
 
* * *
 
“Cain, do you read me?” Dmitri shouted urgently into the microphone.
There was no response.
“T minus four minutes.”
“Cain!”
A surprised noise came over the speakers, “Yes! Yes, I’m here! Is that you Dmitri?”
“Yes! You’re on! We have four minutes!”
There was a weak gasp, “Four minutes? That’s impossible!”
“I know,” moaned Dmitri. “But we have to do something! Try stopping the countdown, or freeing the captives, or something!”
There was a strained chuckle behind Dmitri, “Cain…Wylde…” Heisenberg walked slowly toward Dmitri, hanging his head and his shoulders heaving with each deliberate laugh. Blood dripped from his right arm leaving a bright red trail behind him. “Not quite as dead as you would like me to believe, are you?”
“Dmitri,” whispered Cain. “Keep Heisenberg away from the radio. I’ll try to find some way to stop his plans from here.”
“How am I supposed to keep him away?” asked Dmitri confounded.
“You’re younger and stronger. Be physical if you have to.”
“I may be younger, but I’m considerably lacking in upper body strength,” Dmitri explained, trying to find a way out of the frightening prospect of fighting.
“Well then…good luck.”
“What? Cain? Cain!”
The radio was silent. Dmitri turned to see Heisenberg almost on top of him. He stood up and raised his fists, desperately trying to remember the martial arts lessons his brother forced on him. Being physical is Nic’s specialty, he groaned inwardly.
Dmitri considered calling out for help, but seeing Nicolas hammer away desperately at a tank, Tara lying on the floor, and John struggling against some monster of a man, made Dmitri rethink disturbing them. Nic is doing what he believes he should be doing, if he could help me he would. This is my fight. It’s been my fight all along.
“J-just you and me, Heisenberg,” said Dmitri, trying to look brave. “I’m not letting you near this computer.”
“You have potential, Dmitri,” Heisenberg told him. “You’re smart; you’re strong. You may have what it takes to rule the world with me. It is the fate of the strong to rule over the weak. I can give you knowledge, show you wonders you’ve never seen or even imagined before!”
Then he turned to Maya’s direction, “And you! You’ve been searching for adventure! Well, I’m offering the world adventure! Come with me, be one of the strong. Be one of the adventurers of the new world!”
Maya turned away from Nicolas’s work only long enough to stick her tongue out at Heisenberg and say, “I’m sick of adventure, go play villain by yourself!”
 “You heard her,” Dmitri smiled. “Adventure is nice, but I think we could all use some peace now.”
Heisenberg shrieked again and threw a punch at Dmitri with his good arm, “You won’t get in the way of my life’s work!”
Dmitri was surprised at how easily he dodged the old man’s attack, but not knowing what to do next he simply ran into Heisenberg and bowled him over. From on top of the mad scientist Dmitri threw blind punches, pounding on him with his fists as Heisenberg guarded his head with his good arm.
“T minus three minutes.”
“Get off me, you little brat!” cried Heisenberg. “Stop it! Get off!”
I’m winning, Dmitri thought incredulously, I’m actually winning! But before he could celebrate he felt himself being picked up by the back of his shirt by a strong hand. He looked around and was face to face with the giant man who was fighting Tara and John. Dmitri screamed out in terror.
Armstrong held John and Dmitri out in front of him, allowing Heisenberg to stand up and compose himself. “What should I do with these two?”
“Kill them!” Heisenberg shouted instantly. “Kill them now!”
“I’m out of bullets,” he complained.
Heisenberg stared, dumbfounded, “Did I give you a lobotomy as well? I don’t care how you do it. Crush them! Rip them apart! And then stop that one from banging on my tanks!”
“Yes, sir.” Armstrong tossed a screaming Dmitri across the room, out of the way, and began squeezing John’s neck with his mechanical hand. Heisenberg stormed over to the fallen terminal and inspected the radio.
“Dmitri, are you there? I’ve been putting everything I have into simply stopping the countdown. I got past security, but I can’t find a single pertinent system. How’s the situation on your end?”
“Cain Wylde…you’re not nearly as clever as popular opinion would have me think.”
“Heisenberg,” Cain hissed over the speakers, his voice saturated with hatred and despair. “You’re not going to get away with this. You’re going to pay for what you’ve done!”
“Yes, I will get away with it; and no, I won’t be paying for anything. And do you know why? It’s because I am stronger than you. Smarter. Right now you’re trapped in a virtual room used for stopping hackers. Your programs are just going around in circles.
You see, I’ve learned from our little cyber war – I assume it has been you who sent those countless viruses into my system. You won’t find anything on this terminal because you’re in a space with nothing in it.”
“T minus two minutes.”
“Game, set, and match, Wylde. Now enjoy the show, the world is about to become a much more interesting place.”
“No…” Cain broke down into a despondent mumbling through the radio, and Heisenberg began to cackle madly. However, his laughter was cut short once again when he heard a crunch of glass and splash of water. He turned around and saw the tall boy was making progress on Number One’s tank. A9-13 was still being strangled by a giddy General Armstrong.
“Hurry up and kill him already, and stop that boy!” Heisenberg ordered.
“Yes, sir,” replied Armstrong over the creaking of metal and struggling of John.
John’s neck was a bruising mess. His throat was crushed. He was surviving only on the gulp of air he had managed before being grabbed. And the days old wound in his stomach had opened and was bleeding furiously.
Despite being strangled to death, his gut actually hurt more than anything at that moment. His entire abdomen was burning, his muscles were convulsing. Probably infected or poisoned, John supposed jadedly, but at least Ra-En won’t have the satisfaction of having killed me.
To his horror, just as he thought the words, he felt something move within him. John started thrashing wilder than ever in pain and panic. Something was going on inside his body and it hurt like nothing he had ever felt before. If he could scream he would have.
A kick got dangerously close to Heisenberg’s face, “Can’t you kill that cockroach any faster?!”
But then John, through everything else he was feeling, felt his oxygen supply run out. His thrashing slowed down and eventually came to a stop. The edges of his vision were going dark, but he could still feel the pain. The scientist watched with malicious glee as John was slowly dying, reveling in the almost peaceful scene.
Then chaos erupted.
Chapter Forty-One
(back to Table of Contents)
 
From John’s wound some hideous, serpentine thing shot out in a spray of blood, striking Heisenberg – who was giddily watching John’s death – in the eye. His scream was horrible. Holding his face, he stumbled backward until he fell to the floor where he writhed in agony. Through his remaining eye, he saw the crowd of white-coated scientists watching the spectacle in trembling. He reached out weakly to them.
“Help me you fools!” he cried through the pain. “Help me before all our plans are ruined!”
He watched in horror and despair as an older man ran from the group to the elevator lobby at the other end of the chamber. Another followed suit, and then several more, and soon the entire company was screaming and running to the elevators before they too were caught in the bloodshed.
A small chimera ran past Heisenberg, but he gave it no thought. His focus was on his colleagues as they all abandoned him. Behind him, the little chimera leapt onto Armstrong’s face in a flurry of teeth and claws. Armstrong yelled and staggered back, releasing John from his grasp.
John felt himself fall to the floor, felt the pressure around his neck vanish. With his last ounce of strength he forced all the air trapped in his lungs back up, inflating his crushed throat and relieving his overburdened lungs. He lay on the ground, unmoving, relishing the sweet taste of oxygen once again.
Armstrong slapped at his face and head, trying to catch the cat-sized animal as it ran around his broad shoulders scratching and biting him. After much shouting and waving of his arms, he finally caught its long tail and tore it off himself, flinging it away and into the wall.
There was a whistling in the air and a wet thunk. Armstrong grunted and froze. He reached behind himself and felt his back. A sickle was buried to its hilt just below his right shoulder blade. He turned slowly around and looked just in time to see Tara in mid-jump falling onto him. She landed on his shoulders and brought down her remaining sickle hard onto his forehead. The impact knocked the great man backwards onto the floor. He didn’t get up.
Tara ran to the wall and checked on Sphinx. She was still breathing. “Good job, Sphinx,” she whispered.
“You checked on the animal first?” asked a rasping voice.
Tara turned to see John limping toward her, holding his side. “I know you can take care of yourself.”
“T minus one minute.”
A chill ran up John’s spine. “Dmitri!” he croaked. “Do your computer thing!”
Dmitri nodded, still wide-eyed at the bloody scene he had just witnessed, and ran to the terminal as John and Tara ran over to help Nicolas and Maya.
“Cain! Cain, are you there?” Dmitri yelled into the radio.
“I’m sorry,” came the quiet, sobbing reply. “I failed. I failed them.”
Dmitri looked back at his brother. Nicolas was drenched in sweat, pounding away at the tank. Purple fluid streamed out from a new crack as he, John, and Tara worked on breaking through the thick glass. They’re not going to make it, he thought, I have to do something.
 “Cain, get a grip! There has to be something we can do!”
“There’s nothing. Heisenberg won. Unless you can find a plug to pull, there’s no way to stop his plans from succeeding.”
Dmitri gasped, “Pull the plug…We’ll pull the plug! Cain, snap out of it! There’s still something we can do! We’ll cut the power. The electrical systems won’t be under as high of security!”
There was a pause. “But do we have time?”
“T minus thirty seconds.”
“Only one way to find out. I’ll help you from this end. Let’s go!” Dmitri leaned over the fallen, sideways computer terminal and began typing away frantically searching for the power grid.
 
* * *
 
Nicolas realized he was running out of both time and strength. His staff was also near its end, dented and bent from the constant beating. It looked like it would snap in half at any moment. He looked to his staff and tightened his grip. If things are going to end badly for us, we might as well go out with a bang.
Nicolas set his stance and took a mighty backswing, and then with all his remaining strength he swung. The rod made contact with a resounding crack and broke in half. Nicolas fell back. The end piece of his staff swung sadly by the chain running through the center, but the damage had been done. Cracks ran up and down the tank, spreading slowly until finally the whole thing burst, releasing a flood of the gooey fluid.
“T minus ten seconds and counting…”
“Quick!” shouted Tara. “Get her out of there!”
“Nine.”
Maya, John, and Tara dug quickly through the wires for Maya’s mother.
“Eight.”
They wrenched her out of the broken tank and laid her roughly on the floor.
“Seven.”
“Pull the wires off her! Separate her from the array!”
“Six.”
“Dmitri, what’s the hold up?!” demanded John.
“Five.”
“I’m through! Cain?”
“Four.”
“Oh, no…” said a whisper. “…there’s redundant security…”
“Three.”
Dmitri blanched, “We failed?”
“Go. Be with your friends.”
“Two.”
Dmitri got up and ran the short distance to his brother’s waiting arms.
“One.”
Maya threw herself over her friends in a vain attempt to shield them.
There was a flash of purple.
 
* * *
 
“Maya…Maya…”
Maya opened her eyes and found herself in a familiar white, dimensionless space. She floated freely next to the unconscious figures of her friends. The forms of the psychics hovered around her, surrounding them in circles stacked high as they were on the walls of the chamber. Are we dead?
A fluttering laugh filled the space, “No, you’re not dead. You saved them, Maya. Your power protected everyone from the storm.”
Everyone?
The space became almost imperceptibly darker. “No, you protected your friends with your ability, and by freeing me you rescued many people from a horrible fate. But the remaining psychics were forced to do Heisenberg’s will. The mutagen has been spread.”
No, thought Maya, we tried so hard!
“I’m sorry, Maya. Sometimes our best isn’t good enough. But your effort wasn’t a waste. You saved a huge number of people across the world. And you saved me. And I have to thank you for that.”
But I didn’t save you, Maya cried, you’re dying. I can feel it!
“You saved me from a fate worse than death. You saved me from being used to hurt millions of people. Thank you.” Maya’s mother began to slowly fade away, her voice growing more distant.
Wait, don’t go! I finally found you! It’s not fair!
“I’m sorry, Maya. My body is dying, I can’t stay. And if you hold this space open much longer you may hurt yourself.”
Maya wept, it’s just not fair!
“It never is, I know. And I’m sorry,” she said gently, her voice little more than a whisper. “But I’ll always be with you. Know that I love you, Maya.”
Her form vanished, and soon the echo of her voice faded away as well. Maya began to fall, crying and reaching for her mother.
Mom? Mom! MOM!
 
* * *
 
Maya slowly opened her eyes to the blurry shapes of her friends lying on the ground. She wiped her red, tear-crusted eyes and looked around. It was colder than it should be. Maya looked up and saw the vaulted ceiling was gone. The whole top of the mountain had been blown away, revealing a bright full moon in the night sky.
A section of the wall and ceiling had caved in, forming a rough incline of boulders and rubble from the center of the room where the mutagen vat was – more than half empty – all the way up to the opening. It was a gentle night, the weather perfect, as if the world were going to continue as normal just to spite the apocalypse.
With a start, Maya noticed hundreds of people gathering, circling her and her friends. They were all bald, naked and scared. They were the psychics, somehow finally released from their prisons and alive. Why couldn’t my mother have come back as well? Maya thought, on the verge of tears again.
John stirred at her side, followed by Tara, Nicolas, Dmitri, Johannes, and even Sphinx. As soon as he opened his eyes and saw the encroaching crowd, John jumped to his feet, staggering a step, and growled. The crowd took a collective step back.
“John, it’s okay. They’re not going to hurt us,” Maya told him.
“Are you okay?” he asked, surprising her with his concern.
“Yes, thank you. Make sure everyone else is.”
Maya helped John attend to the others as the crowd approached, all the while trying to push aside the feeling of regret that while all these people survived she still had not been able to save her mother. Soon the entire party was back on their feet marveling at the destruction, their luck at still being alive and mutagen-free, and watching the mob of people surround them.
Everyone was physically and mentally exhausted, and had no idea what to do with the situation at hand. Their entire world had been destroyed, what could they do now? Thankfully, Captain Perry had his leadership experience and training to fall back on despite his fatigue.
He quickly but wearily organized their little party and assigned tasks. Maya would stay to organize and comfort the former captives while John would remain with her for her protection. “Just in case,” Johannes reassured her when she opened her mouth to protest. Dmitri and Tara would go to the fifteenth floor cafeteria and gather food for everyone. And he and Nicolas would go to the laundry and gather clothing for them all.
Nicolas nodded without complaint, but first knelt down beside Maya’s mother. He took off his shirt and ripped it in half along the seams, laying the pieces atop her body.
“Thank you,” Maya said, her voice a choked whisper.
Nicolas nodded. Then he, Johannes, Tara and Dmitri set off toward the elevator bank. Maya began her task cautiously, not sure how to approach so many vulnerable people. John stepped up to her side and looked her in the eyes, nodding his support. That seemed to give Maya some strength.
Maya cleared her throat and called for attention, then set to explaining their circumstances and situation. As she gradually settled into her role and gained confidence, John excused himself quietly, whispering he would be near if she needed him.
They’ll be more comfortable without me, he thought, aware of his own intimidating appearance. Something caught his eye. The psychics gave wide berth to something near them. John walked over and saw the remains of General Armstrong. This is a job I can do.
John grabbed the monstrous man by his human arm and dragged him to the opposite end of the chamber where he would be out of sight and out of mind. With a wet squelch, he yanked Tara’s sickles out for her. He walked back to Maya and set them aside for whenever Tara returned. And then he thought of something else, surprised he didn’t question it earlier.
Where’s Heisenberg?
The old man was nowhere to be seen, though John did notice a trail of blood leading to the elevators. He gave up the thought of pursuit before he even began to seriously consider it. He could go after him whenever; the old man wouldn’t get far in his state. John started to climb the incline to the top of the broken dome – far enough to be out of sight, but a quick jump down should Maya need him – and sat down on the cold top of the mountain. He watched the clouds roll over the world as if nothing had changed, and gazed at the curve of the planet.
His wounds were healing, even the one from Ra-En, which made him think that whatever came out of his stomach must have been a surprise left by his so-called “brother”. His mind then turned to his future. Despite everything that had happened, he still did not have the answers he came here for. He still didn’t have his revenge. He had nothing.
John decided quickly that the only thing left for him was to seek out Heisenberg, if he still lived, and force the madman to tell him about the past he stole from John. Then a frightening thought hit him.
What will Maya do from now on?
Her task had been to stop Heisenberg. Her mission was now over even though they failed. And Maya had found her mother even though she was now dead. Maya seemed to have accomplished everything while still coming away with nothing.
The moon slowly dipped toward the horizon. Behind him, down in the chamber, food and clothing had been passed out and plans were being made to accommodate the psychics. Their families would be found and contacted if they had any, or else they would be recommended to the nearest hospitals for temporary care.
John considered getting up and going back to the others. His pitiable reverie wasn’t doing anyone any good, and the others could probably use some help. Suddenly there was a hand on his shoulder. John jumped straight up and turned around, his heart racing. He found Maya watching him and trying to not to smile.
“Sorry,” she said, half of a laugh escaping.
John huffed and turned his back to her, sitting down hard and looking back to the lightening panorama in front of him.
“It’s beautiful, isn’t it?” she asked after a while.
John didn’t answer. How could he? What could he say to something like that? Maya was stronger than he gave her credit for. After losing everything she still acted fine. Cheerful even. How could anyone be fine after going through all that?
“Are you okay, John?”
“Am I okay?” He turned to her in surprise and disbelief. “I should be asking you that. You’ve lost more than I have in this battle. How can you be so strong?”
“I’m not strong,” she told him, sitting by his side. “I should be happy for all of those people, but all I can think of is losing my mother before I ever knew her. All I can think of is how we failed to save the world from the mutagen. I can’t stop thinking about how many lives have been ruined.”
More time passed in silence, until final John asked the question that was burning inside of him, “What will you do now?”
“I don’t know. I now know that Cain Wylde is my father, but getting to know him last week I’m not sure I can consider him family. At least I don’t see a future together with him.”
“That brainy coward is your father?”
“Hey, be nice. He had circumstances,” chided Maya, giving him a playful shove.
Silence again. Maya and John watched from on top of the world as the moon set and the sun began to rise on the horizon. Again, it was Maya who finally broke the silence.
“Can I stay with you?”
John thought he misheard her, “What?”
“I promise not to be a burden. I’ll work on my power, and I’ll help you find out about where you came from and if you have any family left somewhere.”
Maya looked at John with pleading eyes, as if he could say anything other than yes. John swallowed and nodded, turning back to the sunrise.
“You’re such a nice guy!” Maya joked, leaning on him. But when John didn’t object, she settled deeper into him. Their hands brushed, and John absently put his over hers. Behind him he heard climbing and scuffling as three people made their way up.
Standing behind John and Maya, Nicolas, with Sphinx on his shoulder, put one hand on Dmitri’s shoulder and laced another into Tara’s. No one spoke as the sun slowly fired the world in a brilliant display of red, orange, and purple, lest they break the spell. Everyone watched as the sun rose, the first day of a brand new world dawning.

# # #

(back to Table of Contents)

Smashwords — About Eric Endres, author of 'Project Genesis'
