

Half-Light Volume I
Death Rage Publications
Copyright (c) 2013 Daniel A. Greathead
Smashwords Edition

The right of Daniel A. Greathead to be identified as the Author of the Work has been asserted by him in accordance with the Copyright, Designs and Patents Act 1988.

All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted in any form or by any means without the prior written permission of the Author, nor may it be otherwise circulated in any form of binding or cover than that in which it is published.

All characters in this publication are fictitious and any resemblance to real persons, living or dead, is (mostly) purely coincidental.



They don't make 'em like they used to, kid
Trust me, I gotta' tale to tell ya'
These fancy weapons they're all well and good
But where's the fun to 'em, eh?

Back when I was young, a wee bit older than you
I had a ship, fast as fuck. Man... she was sweet
Me an' your Gran we were the best, no lie
Saved a Galaxy or three, but who's countin'?

There was this one dude, evil as the night is dark
Can't quite remember his name
His missus, boy she was a looker
What she couldn't do with those four arms...

Another time we got caught by a black hole
That was some scary fucking shit right there
Trust me lad if it weren't for your Gran
You and your sister wouldn't have been born

But the weapons, yes the weapons
Back then, they were proper
I always favoured summat called a 'rocket launcher'
Named her Betty, my pride and joy she was

A single shot from her could bring down a fucking star ship
Did so too, more than once
Course she weren't much good in close quarters
Times like that, I used my fists

Y'got all this to look forward to lad
But watch your back carefully
Made a few enemies I did
Most of 'em be pissed off I'm still alive

They'll likely try to take it out on you
Your sister too, I'd wager
When the time comes y'can have my ship
Orca'll take care of yer


Half-Light
Volume I


Chapter One
She Fights, She Fucks


	Trixi stood in the centre of a rough octagon with sweat dripping from her every pore. She wiped her forehead with the back of her hand and surveyed the unconscious bodies of her three most recent opponents. Despite her slight frame she'd bested each one, all of whom dwarfed her in both size and stature.
	She breathed deep and the thin material of her vest top did little to prevent any onlooker from noticing her heaving bosom as her breathing began to slow, awaiting her final opponent. She didn't have to wait long but was unable to hide her surprise as a girl, perhaps a little older than she but pretty much the same size, stepped into the octagon.
	“Finally,” Trixi smiled, her breathing as close to normal as makes no difference. “A fair fight.”
	“My sentiments exactly,” the girl replied, her smile matching Trixi's own. “You'd best be ready to get your arse kicked.”
	“Bring your A-game girl.” Trixi glanced to her right to where she knew Pete and K were stood, right against the barrier. The best seat in the house. She returned her attentions to her opponent and the two girls squared off, standing almost nose-to-nose as the ring announcer gave his unnecessarily long and drawn out introduction. To the side a bell rang once to indicate the bout was under way. “Alright then bitch, let's see what you got.” 
	Before the girl had a chance to move Trixi head-butted her, their foreheads connecting with such force that she felt the bridge of the girl's nose crack. As she stepped back, Trixi noted with some satisfaction her opponent's nose was broken, and fresh blood was spread over most of her face.
	The girl's rally was impressive and even though she was in obvious pain, she leapt at Trixi. She appeared to hang in the air a little longer than should have been possible, much like in old Kung-Fu movies. As she came back down towards Trixi she spread her legs and wrapped them around her neck, using her own momentum to spin with Trixi's neck as a pivot before she flung her to the ground, where she rolled for several feet.
	She waited for her opponent to get into range before she made her move and, when she did, the girl didn't even see it coming. From her position laying flat to the ground, somehow Trixi almost ran up the girl's body, the final part of the move being a powerful kick to the underside of the girl's chin which sent her flying backwards through the air. She somersaulted and landed in a crouch, one hand place firmly to the ground, and stared Trixi down.
	“You have some skill,” the girl spat out a mouthful of blood as she spoke. “What else you got?”
	Trixi heard K mutter something, just on the edge of her hearing. 'Oh no, she didn't', or some similar comment.
	“I thought you'd never ask.” Trixi smirked, partly due to K's comment but mostly because she knew the bitch was going down. She held her right arm out towards the girl and with her middle and index fingers, gestured that she should make a move, which she did. From her crouch she ran full pelt at Trixi, who didn't even flinch.
	Trixi didn't move until then girl swung at her and she wrapped her arm around the girl's own, flinging her arse-over-head with ease she kept the hold in place with the girl flat on her back. Trixi then somersaulted backwards and landed on her knees, straddling the girl's torso. From that vantage point she rained down blow after blow to her opponent's head and face until all that remained was a bloody, unconscious mess.
	As she stood to raucous applause and wolf-whistles, by far the loudest of which came from Pete and K, Trixi bowed the slightest of bows. The ring announcer did his job in declaring her victorious, just in case anyone had missed it, and she made her way to the edge of the octagon and ducked beneath the rope.

***

	One may think such an exchange to be brutal but this was the far future and as such, times had changed drastically.
	Earth was dry, not just of water but of anything that could successfully sustain life. Global warming had been and gone, and was widely believed by Joe Public to have been a complete and total hoax.
	Midway through the twenty-first century the polar ice caps began to melt at an alarming rate due to the unexplained reversal of the planet's tides.
	The global population rocketed, sitting comfortably around the ten billion mark although no one dared calculate an accurate figure. Food was scarce and this heralded the introduction of rationing, which in turn sparked rioting.
	2058 marked the beginning of the British Civil War. The Scottish and Welsh nations turned on the English and the Irish. Car bombs were an hourly occurrence, like the 1970s all over again.
	There were numerous attempts to bomb the English Houses of Parliament, always ending in failure. Three years later in 2061, the United States of America invaded the British Isles. Due to the Civil War, the invasion lasted only three weeks and, at its conclusion, America had control of the whole of Britain.
	By 2072 a third of Earth’s lands had been swallowed by the ever hungry oceans. Fossil fuels had long run out and massive recycling plants were dotted all over the planet, producing fuel for equally massive power stations. The Global Council had little under a decade to decide a course of action, else all life would become extinct. That was one of the more conservative estimates.
	Earth became almost a dictatorship as that was seen as the only way to maintain order. The President of the United States and Europe, Ms. Jenna Bush Jnr., seized control of all major parliaments and had formed the Global Council.
	Crime was at an all time low, but with even a parking ticket landing you a life sentence in the newly opened Alcatraz III, a huge prison complex in what used to be Ecuador, that should have come as no surprise.
	Tests funded by the Global Council had proved beyond a shadow of a doubt there was no way mankind would survive should they remain inhabiting Earth. It quickly became apparent to pretty much everyone that the only viable option was to up sticks and leave but there proved to be a major stumbling block. Test after test had proved inconclusive as to whether any other planet in the Sol System could sustain human life. That of course meant looking further afield.
	Technology was capable, however, with such a short time-scale, mankind, it seemed, was doomed.
	Every story needs a hero, and up stepped an Englishman named Smith. He claimed to be the last direct descendant of a certain chap named Albert Einstein. No one knew if he was being truthful but at this point no one cared. Smith said he'd developed the technology for a craft to travel at two-thirds the speed of light.
	The Global Council piled funding on him stating that, as far as he was concerned, they had a blank cheque and that no matter what the cost, they would see this project through.
	In any other circumstances, one could be considered foolish for putting all one's eggs in the one basket, but once in a while such a thing pays off.
	In this case, it did.
	By 2180 every man, woman and child had a boarding pass for one of these 'Super-Ships', known simply as 'Smiths'.
	In true biblical style, a breeding pair of every single animal on Earth was also given passage.
	Airports were turned into docking stations. The largest capable of holding anywhere up to a thousand Smiths, which in turn had room for anything up to ten thousand passengers, dependent upon size.
	For weeks and weeks Smiths were launched and sat patiently in orbit around Earth and around the Moon, waiting until all ships were off the ground. It took eighteen months but eventually the last Smith left docking bay 7 at London Spaceport and joined its sister ships in orbit. 
	Two weeks later, Earth was just a distant memory.
	And mankind survived.
	Each Smith developed its own rules and regulations, its own personality if you will. Pretty soon Smiths were defined in the same way that one might define a country, the only difference being they were encased in titanium shells.
	Everything on a Smith was propelled by hydrogen, from engines to the oxygen regeneration unit, and lights which meant in theory the enormous vessels could travel through space indefinitely. With no friction to damage its exterior, providing there were no unexpected meteor showers, everything should remain intact.
	Casualties were to be expected. Not all Smiths had been built in the same place so shoddy workmanship was without doubt a very real hazard. However of the millions of ships that left Earth, only twenty-five thousand or so didn't make it past the fifty year mark.
	There was of course, one problem. No one knew where they were headed. The lead ship sent out scouter probes every six months in an attempt to find inhabitable planets but the result was always the same.
	Every ten years, all Smiths would sit in orbit around a suitably sized planet and Captains would hold council. Captains were always put into office by vote and acted as Judge, Jury and Executioner for their respective Smith. Each Captain would choose his or her own Parliament, and they would aid him or her in making decisions.
	During the thirteenth Council the news was received that would, once again, change everything forever. A suitable planet had been found. As time went on it was soon realised it was not just a suitable planet but a suitable system. A binary star system with an estimated three hundred inhabitable planets, moons, and other interstellar bodies. The news was obviously received with much joy and celebrations by everyone.
	Five generations of Mankind had called these 'Smiths' their home. Now at last, that would no longer be the case.

***

	Three weeks following her victory Trixi and her friends, Pete and K, were still residing in the village, awaiting the grand prize. The three friends had spent the majority of the four years since mankind's arrival in the binary system alone, living and working on a small farm on an isolated island, one of many such islands the ocean moon Gamma Twelve housed, Trixi and Pete tending the land whilst K tinkered with a large amount of different machines.
	Trixi had managed to acquire rooms at the only pub in the village whilst they awaited her prize. She found it only slightly disturbing that no one seemed to have any idea what said prize might be, but she was damned if she was going to leave without what was owed to her. Up until their arrival in the moon's main village Trixi hadn't realised quite how much she missed civilisation, more specifically the social norms such a thing offered.
	It was one night in the third week of their stay, Trixi got talking to the Captain of a small vessel docked just outside the village. He'd explained to her he ran medical supplies and suchlike from the Core to the Middle and Outer Rings, and his pilot quit a few drops back. 
	Apparently he'd got the fastest non-Planetary Parliament ship in the System.
	Trixi of course told him about Pete, how he'd been top of his class back on board the Smith, and of K with her expertise in engines and all things mechanical. When asked about her own expertise, Trixi laughed.
	“Ask around,” she replied once she'd caught her breath. “I'm pretty well known around here.”

***
	
	A few hours later, Trixi awoke. She wasn't a particularly heavy sleeper but it'd been an awfully loud sound that had woken her. 
	She glanced to her right and even though it was pretty dark, it was clear the man in bed beside her, the Captain from a few hours earlier was dead, his body cold and stiff.
	“Well, that can't be good,” she muttered under her breath.
	She slid out of her bunk as quietly as she could, and with stealth crept across the small room she had called home for the past three weeks. Trixi stood at the door and listened, hearing nothing but a faint whispering. She rightly assumed that whomever had woken her was at the end of the passageway. She realised there was more than one voice, and those voices were slowly getting closer, and she could just make out what they were saying.

	"The Chosen One must die, The Chosen One must die."

	The words were being repeated over and over. As they were getting closer to her door, and she'd got the only room on this level, Trixi had two options; fight, or run.
	As she had no idea how many of them there were, she opted for the latter. She'd no problem with being out-numbered, but when she wasn't expecting it that was just plain rude.
	She landed on all fours having leapt from her window, and waited a moment to make sure she'd not been seen. Satisfied, she scampered to the nearest tree, a small tree similar in appearance to an Oak, and shimmied up. There she sat and waited. She looked up to her room and saw that the light had been turned on. Whoever was looking for her was obviously checking her room first and there was no doubt in her mind they'd already discovered the body, although it was still a mystery to her as to how the Captain met his demise.
	She had little time to assess the situation, and somehow needed to let Pete and K know what had happened and to get them the hell out of there. She'd left her room in a hurry, not even stopping to pick up any personal effects, her communicator included.
	Confident that she was still safe to do so, Trixi dropped from her perch, picked up the nearest rock, and launched it straight through Pete's window. He looked out immediately, and Trixi motioned for him to join her outside.

***

	Moments later, Pete and K joined her. Trixi's would-be assailants were still in her room. As she explained the situation to her companions, she was formulating a plan. 
	"We need to head for the docks. There's a ship without a Captain, and I say we rectify that issue.”
	“Ain't gonna' ask how you know that,” Pete replied quietly as Trixi took point, heading towards the docks.
	“I had the Captain last night, woke up and he was dead next to me,” she replied in a very matter-of-fact way, as if it was normal for her to find herself in such a situation.
	“I said I wasn't gonna' ask,” said Pete, chuckling lightly. “So, shagged the poor bastard to death did you?”
	“I'm good, in fact I'm better than good,” Trixi turned and winked at Pete. She noticed K give the slightest of squirms, but  decided to keep that to herself. “But that's taking the piss.”
	“Well as much as I enjoy talking about what goes on inside Trixi's panties, we've got a ship to find.” K shook her head as she spoke. She'd be the first to admit that it had been a while, and she was quite positively gagging for it. Like her two companions she had not engaged in sexual activity of any kind since her time on board the Smith, and all this talk of sex and death was getting her wet where it counted.
	There were only a few vessels docked. As Gamma Twelve was essentially a tiny backwater moon, there was no great need to facilitate for many ships at a time.
	“What's this ship called then?” Pete asked as together, the three of them scanned to five docked vessels.
	“Not got a clue,” Trixi replied with a shrug. “Gotta' be honest we didn't talk too much, especially once we'd got our clothes off.” Her eyes came to rest on one of the smaller vessels, and she headed quickly towards it. “At a guess, I'd say this is it.”	“Good enough for me,” said Pete as he and K followed their friend on board. "K, get that hot ass of yours down to the engine room and see if you can't work some magic."
	He gave that 'hot ass' a playful slap and watched K as she made her way down the dark corridor towards her destination. He turned and headed in the other direction to meet Trixi on the vessel's bridge.
	“How're we looking?”
	“Gimme' a second, and we should have internal coms,” Trixi replied as she pored over the central console. He knew that it shouldn't, but it always came as a surprise to Pete how easily Trixi slipped into any role, in any given situation and he watched on impressed. “There, that oughtta' do it.”
	“K, do you read?” asked Pete, hopefully.
	“Loud and clear,” the reply came from the engine room, yet Pete and Trixi heard K's voice as clearly and concisely as if she were standing next to them.
	“What we got down there?” Trixi asked with a smile, satisfied with a job well done, well partly anyway. Of course the actual job itself was getting the vessel off the ground.
	“Hydrogen fuelled, thirty-eight cylinder. Looks like a class seventeen.”
	“Just tell me we're good to go,” Trixi replied with a sigh. She really wanted to get off the ground. It took a lot to unnerve her but those voices, the chant... it'd got her pretty rattled. She glanced at Pete as he sank into the pilot's chair, and K's reply came back.
	“Oh we're good.” It sounded to Trixi as though K was straining, she'd probably got a wrench out or something.
	“That's all I needed to hear,” replied Trixi, turning her attention back to Pete. “Take us up pilot, get us off this fucking rock.”
	“Yes Ma'am,” Pete laughed as he mocked a salute. He hit the starter to ignite the engines, and waited for a few seconds before he pulled up on the controls and headed up and out of the atmosphere. “We're clear.”
	“Good,” Trixi breathed a sigh of relief. “Right, now I'm gonna' grab a couple of hours kip. I suggest you two do the same.”


Chapter Two
Half-Light


	The Planetary Parliament Ship Joshua was in close orbit around the planet Prima. The ship was basically a bus, an interplanetary mega-bus. On this particular day there were very few passengers. Not many people wanted to go to the Outer Ring. They were orbiting the planet ready to dock with the PPS Helsingborg to take on food and medical supplies.
	On the bridge, the Captain sat heavily into his chair as a transmission came through from the engine room.
	“Yes Bates, what is it?” he asked irritably.
	“The cooler's packed up, Sir. The engines are overheating,” Bates replied, panic evident in his voice.
	“Well don't whine about it. Get it fixed man!” the Captain was exhausted. It had been a long run from Beta and he was in desperate need of a rest. That said he had little time for incompetence at the best of times.
	“It's too late, Sir!” Bates' yelled reply came back. “There's nothing else I can do!”
	“What do you suggest Bates?”
	“We're going down, Sir!” Bates was almost hysterical and the Captain knew that there was only one option that remained, and he sighed deeply as he straightened his uniform before switching the coms to the ship-wide setting. If he was to die, he was going to do so looking his best.
	“This is Captain Toller. We are in an emergency state. Abandon ship. This is not a drill I repeat, this is not a drill. All hands, abandon ship!”
	Captain Toller was experienced when it came to space travel as he had spent the better part of seventeen years piloting a Smith but despite his calm tones, the orders came much too late. Before anyone really had a chance to do as they had been ordered there was an explosion in the engine room. The PPS Joshua plummeted towards Prima, most of the vessel burning up before impact.
	There was a single escape pod jettisoned from the stricken vessel.
	It contained one survivor. 
	One girl.

***

	Almost a week after leaving their home world behind, Trixi, Pete and K found themselves at a loss as to where to go.
	As they lay together in the aftermath of ecstasy atop the sheets of the single bunk, legs entwined and their chests heaving, their bodies coated in sweat, Trixi and K stared at the ceiling above. It was an odd feeling for both women. Having spent four years together living in total isolation neither had ever felt the need to seek gratification from the other and yet after less than a week in space, they'd sought comfort in each others bodies on more than one occasion.
	The vessel's systems were constantly monitoring space in all directions but primarily, back towards Gamma Twelve, but were yet to detect any ship in pursuit. Of course that didn't mean they weren't being followed, it just meant that if indeed they were being followed whomever was doing so was being extremely careful to go unnoticed. They were drifting around the Middle Ring whilst at the same time taking great care to avoid any of the larger population centres, in the hope they would soon find a suitable planet or moon to set down and catch their breath.

***

	"They're going to come after us eventually. It's just a matter of time." Trixi and Pete were in the galley, sat at a small table. "I think we're going to need some help. I mean, those guys meant business. If I hadn't been as aware as I was I wouldn't be here right now, and that ain't the kinda' thing I wanna' think about, y'know?" Trixi had a tear in her eye as she was talking. Pete smiled as he gently placed his hand atop Trixi's.
	"I know, I've been thinking the same thing." It was true. Pete was far from stupid and he realised the necessity for help, a larger crew. "The only problem we have is who to trust. I mean it's not like we know who they were or who 'they' were working for, and we have no idea how deep this shit goes. I mean, they coulda' just been fanatics belonging to some fucked up cult."
	"Where are we? What planets are we near? We must have friends here somewhere! I know we've pretty much kept ourselves to ourselves since the days of the Smith, but even so." Her tears gone, Trixi had a look of eagerness about her.
	"Let me make a few calls, and we'll go from there." With that, Pete left the galley and headed towards the bridge. Trixi stood up, went to the fridge and poured herself a glass of water. There hadn't been much in the way of supplies on board when they had taken the ship, just enough to last the three of them a fortnight, maybe three weeks. There was however a huge supply of cigarettes, which was to be expected considering the vessel they had commandeered was a smuggling ship, although the medical supplies the Captain had told her about were nowhere to be found.
	Trixi took a carton of cigarettes from her pocket and lit one. She hadn't smoked before her time on board the vessel but this was turning to be a very stressful time and she found that the myth was true. Cigarettes really do calm you down. It wasn't just the cigarettes... there were a lot of things Trixi had never done before their time on board the vessel. She pressed the button on the intercom.
	"How we lookin' down there K?” She released the button and awaited a reply.
	"OK," the reply came a few seconds later. "There's a few parts that are going to need replacing when we get a chance, but she should hold together."
	"Good to know," Trixi chuckled. "Shout out if you need anything." Trixi terminated the transmission before making her way to the bridge to join Pete. When she arrived she found her friend poring over the navigation console, apparently inputting a set of coordinates.
	"We've got a heading," Pete said without looking up, sensing that Trixi was behind him. "Should only take six hours or so."
	"Where?" Trixi asked.
	"A planet called Prima, just on the Middle-Outer border. There's a couple of buddies of mine set up there."
	"They OK? Can we trust them?" Understandably, Trixi was worried. She had no idea who was hunting for them. It was a risky move whichever way she looked at it but at the end of the day, there was little choice.
	"Oh fuck yeah. I trust both those silly bastards with my life." He laughed out loud as he spoke but as his laughter died down, he had a faraway look in his eyes.
	“Good enough for me,” Trixi replied with a shrug. “Any idea what this planet is like?”
	“Only what's on the nav com. Hot and humid.”
	“Sounds like fun.” Trixi smirked a little as she put a call through to the engine room. “K, we've got a heading.”
	“Well it's about time,” the reply came back.
	“Amen, sister,” Trixi laughed as for a second, her mind flitted back to the previous night. “Give her all you got.”
	“Yes Ma'am.”

***

	Less than five hours later the intercom buzzed into life. As the video feed didn't appear to be functioning, the transmission was only in audio format.
	"Identify yourselves, else we'll blow you the fuck outta' the sky." Pete recognised the voice straight away and his face broke into a broad smile.
	"JD, how are you buddy?" He replied into the intercom. "It's Pete, we OK to come on down?"
	"Feel free my man, you got the all clear." JD replied, before adding, “sorry about that wee show of aggression there, but y'never can be too careful, y'know?”
	“I know all too well buddy, see you in a few.” Pete terminated the transmission and then put a call directly through to the engine room. "We're about to land, K. Everything alright down there?”
	"All systems registering normal," the reply came back and with a smile, Pete guided the vessel planet-wards. Within moments the ship touched down just outside a small compound. He met K and Trixi in the cargo bay and opened the doors. They were greeted by brilliant sunshine and a wave of hot, sticky air. It was as if they'd got off a plane in the middle of the Amazon. Once their eyes adjusted to the brilliant light, they stepped off the ship to find two men and a woman waiting.
	"Dan, JD. Guys it's good to see you," said Pete as he made his way over to his friends at the maximum pace the climate allowed. The men shared a three-way embrace, a manly one of course, before Pete nodded his head towards their female companion. "Who's the hottie?” She was indeed gorgeous with a figure to die for, and fine blonde hair that fell a couple of inches below her shoulders.
	"We call her Lemmy," Dan ventured as he knocked a couple of stray dreadlocks out of his face. "She don't say much, figure she's had a rough time of it. Her ship crashed a couple of miles from here six days ago, no other survivors."
	"Seems to be harmless enough though," added JD.
	"Fair enough." More than satisfied, Pete introduced his own female companions. "This is K, and Trixi." 
	Dan and JD both nodded, and Pete couldn't help but notice that JD's eyes lingered over K a little longer than was absolutely necessary, not that he could fault the guy's taste. Trixi noted the glance too and smiled, knowing that should JD manage to get into K's panties, he'd be hard pressed to please her as well as she.
	As Dan and JD led the way inside the compound Trixi, with Pete and K butting in whenever they could, explained the situation they currently found themselves in. As they walked and talked, Trixi quickly scanned the compound. A couple of large satellite dishes were off to the right whilst to the left lay the remnants of two, possibly three small vessels, gutted and stripped for parts.

***
	"So let me get this straight," said Dan, mildly impressed by the tale of Trixi's victory in the competition on Gamma Twelve. "Trixi here won some contest on a backwater moon and now it seems like what, you got a group of religious nuts trying to kill you all?"
	"That's pretty much the size of it, yeah," Pete smiled helplessly. JD looked at Dan, and then winked.
	“What y'reckon mate?” he asked, and waited patiently as Dan lit a cigarette.
	“Sounds like our kinda' party.”

***

	Days passed without incident. Slowly but surely those days turned into weeks. Dan and JD only had a small set-up. Their radar was only capable of monitoring half of Primian airspace so really it shouldn't have come as a surprise when movement was detected four hundred miles away, but it did. Although everybody was prepared for it, they were all equally shocked. 
	"We have to leave, now!" Pete was adamant. "K, fire up our ship, we're leaving. Dan, JD, you're coming with us. I'm not having you guys get into shit for hiding us. Get what you need loaded up, there's plenty of room."
	K was already in the engine room, fiddling with various unmarked dials and knobs.
	She'd attached the new parts JD had given to her. Her favourite was the Half-Light Drive, so called because in theory it would propel a vessel to half the speed of light, although she was yet to test it.
	Trixi was with her, watching, and lending a hand where needed, doing her level best not to distract the girl. She really was gorgeous, such a lean physique and even covered in grease and grime, Trixi would've taken her right there and then.
	The intercom buzzed and Pete's voice came through clearly. "Trixi, I need you up here." She immediately left and headed to the bridge, arriving a minute or so later, breathless. 	"Exit strategy?" barked Pete without looking up. "Any ideas?"
	Trixi looked at the radar. She could see quite clearly that the sky above them was littered with ships.
	"They're not Parliament. The codes are slightly different, but they're encrypted," Pete explained, clearly shaken up by the sheer magnitude of the task they faced. "I'm guessing that they've got orders to take us alive, else we'd have been blown to shit already."
	"We can cloak, right?" asked Trixi after a moment's thought. She found herself inclined to agree with Pete's assumption, and she intended to use that to her advantage.
	"Yeah."
	"Then cloak, right now." Pete did as he was asked and a light on the dash indicated that the vessel was indeed cloaked. "OK, now take her up. Get us to the troposphere and drop an escape pod."
	"But we only have one." Pete argued although he very quickly realised that to do so was futile.
	"Do you want to get out of here?" Pete nodded to the positive and pressed the intercom.
	"Are we missing anyone?" he asked quickly over the com, a question to which there was no response. "Good, then we're leaving." Pete took the ship up. One hundred... Two hundred... "OK, we're at three hundred feet, preparing to jettison pod."
	"Remove the cloak," Trixi ordered.
	"What?"
	"Remove the cloak," she repeated semi-patiently.
	"Why?" Pete was clearly confused.
	"Just remove the fucking cloak!" Trixi repeated again, all signs of her patience gone. "It'll confuse the crap out of them. Two vessels de-cloaking at the same time four hundred feet in the air, they won't know what’s what. Do it!" And this time, Pete did.

***

	"I need more K, you got to give me more!" Pete yelled into the com.
	"I'm giving you everything, she's got nothing else!" K protested in reply. The engines were already screaming at her, almost deafening as the noise echoed around the engine room.
	"Well we're losing ground, we have to have more!" Pete wrestled with the controls. He forced the vessel left and right as he attempted to dodge the weapons fire raining down upon them.
	"K. That Half-Light Drive you're so excited about. Use it!" barked Trixi into the com.
	"Are you sure?” K asked, not sure she had heard correctly. “It's not been tested. It could work, or it could blow us outta' the sky!"
	"It's a risk we got to take. We'll be proper fucked if we stick around here!" yelled Trixi. "Get it prepped!" She terminated the transmission but within moments, K was back on the com.
	"OK, we're good to go," then, as an afterthought, she added, "I think." Pete engaged the Half-Light, and the ship instantly disappeared from the sky.
	The crew's actions had the desired effect insofar as their pursuers were confused, and not knowing what to do they headed back to Prima to search through the wreckage of the escape pod.

***

	"Well now, that was bracing," said Dan, walking onto the bridge. "Someone want to tell me what the fuck just happened?" Pete and Trixi were silent, offering no explanation. "Any time you're ready would be great."
	"All I can tell you is that we used the Half-Light Drive and that the ship's intact. Everything's still working normally," said Pete, poring over the scanners.
	"That's as maybe, but we have a problem. A really big fucking problem,” Trixi was clearly worried and unable to hide the fact. Thing is, she hated the sound of her voice when she was worried.
	"What do you mean?" asked Pete. "We're all still alive aren't we?" He glanced at Dan. "I don't know about you mate, but I consider everything else to be a bonus." Pete looked again at his console. The scanners were sending back distressingly unfamiliar readings, and the colour drained from his face.
	"What is it?" asked Dan. “I mean, we are still alive aren't we?” Pete motioned for Dan to look at the console. A few moments later, Dan wore the same look as Pete. 
	"Where the fuck are we?"
	"When?" said Trixi.
	"When? What do you mean, when? What sort of a fucking question is that?"
	"No," said Trixi, calmly. "Where we are isn't a concern. I know exactly where we are, but I don't know when." Pete rested his hand gently on Trixi's leg.
	"Sweetie, you're not making any sense," he said as un-patronisingly as he could.
	"Then listen to me as I say this," said Trixi, getting agitated once again as she shrugged Pete's hand off her knee. "We have moved through Time. The Half-Light Drive not only sent us through Space at a high speed, it broke through the fabric of Time as well. Are we getting this? Time and Space, Space and Time. I know it's a fucked up concept but we're all reasonably intelligent people here, aren't we?"
	It took a minute or two for this information to sink in.
	"But that's not possible. Everyone knows that to break the Time barrier, a velocity twice the speed of light has to be reached." Pete spoke eventually, a large amount of disbelief in his voice. "There's not a man alive who can build a ship that can take that speed, let alone anyone who can develop the technology to go that fast."
	"I could," replied Trixi, basking in her own self-belief for a moment. "And if I could do it that means there’s a chance that someone else is able to as well."
	"That's bullshit," Pete and Dan aired their disbelief in unison.
	"Then you figure it out," Trixi was still incredibly calm. "You figure out why the scanner shows that we're in orbit around Europa."
	"Europa, one of the Jupiter moons?" Dan was not only looking worried; he had a look of fear on his face.
	"Exactly," Trixi let this sink in, and then said. "Next, you can tell me why the scanners show the year two thousand five!"

***

	On board the ship, time seemed to stand still. No one really knew what to say. The crew sat silently in the galley around the table, each trying not to make eye contact with their fellows. Nobody wanted to place blame because in fairness no one was at fault. It could be put down to nothing but bad luck.
	It could have been hours but the more likely scenario is that merely minutes passed before JD spoke. 
	"So," he paused as if he didn't really know what he wanted to say, he just wanted to end the silence. Eventually, he finished the sentence. "What does this mean?"
	"We're fucked," said Dan sarcastically, before storming towards the bridge.
	"Maybe not," the voice was unfamiliar. They all turned together and looked at the new speaker, and to say they were surprised to see Lemmy standing there was an understatement. She didn't wait for anyone to interrupt, instead she carried on. "Think about it, all we have to do is reverse whatever we did, and I don't mean do it backwards, I mean do the opposite. We got here so logic dictates that we can get back."
	"Why would that work?" asked Pete once he and the rest of the crew had got over the shock of Lemmy actually talking.
	"Because it's so simple, everyone always tries to over-complicate things," she replied. There was a shout over the com.
	"Um.... guys." It was Dan's voice over the com. "You might want to come and look at this." 
	"What's wrong?" Pete answered as he started running.
	"Just so I don't wind up feeling like a total idiot, we reckon we're way back in two thousand five, right?"
	"Yeah," shouted Pete, breathless as he entered the bridge.
	"Then why does the scanner show multiple life forms down on the surface of Europa?" Pete looked at the scanner, stunned. There was no doubt about it. There were definitely life readings from the surface of what was supposed to be an ice moon. It made absolutely no sense. Exploration of the solar system hadn't begun in full until twenty-one hundred, aside from Earth's Moon and Mars. The first planet side base hadn't even been in the planning stages one hundred years after the point in time they now found themselves in. It was no secret that no life, intelligent or otherwise had ever been discovered in the Milky Way let alone the Sol System. These readings were wrong, they had to be.
	"What else are we picking up?" asked Pete. "Heat, radiation, radio, anything?"
	"Actually, yeah we are," replied Dan as he fiddled with a few dials. "Listen to this," he said, turning up the volume. After a few seconds, Pete spoke.
	"What the fuck is that shit?”
	"Death Metal, man!” Dan replied, beaming like a little boy in a sweet shop. “I've run it through the ship's decryption programme. Turns out it's Morbid Angel, a death metal band from the late twentieth, early twenty first century."
	"Any idea's why that's coming from Europa?"
	Dan looked blank, and shrugged.
	"Meh?" he ventured.
	"I thought as much. OK, try and make contact," said Pete over his shoulder as he walked out of the room. He arrived back in the galley to find everyone in pretty much the same positions as they had been a few minutes ago. Trixi had just lit a cigarette, and offered one to Pete. He accepted. A day like this could make a man forget about lung cancer.
	"It's like this," he said between drags. "Anyone heard of a band called Morbid Angel?"
	"What's this, a fucking quiz show?" JD shouted. "What the Hell is going on?"
	Trixi tutted at JD, and laughed.
	"I've heard some of their shit," she said, still laughing at JD who clearly wasn't finding this as funny. "They're really good if that's what you like. Fast, deep and hard." She winked at JD, who was getting more and more wound up by the second.
	"Well," said Pete, trying not to laugh at a clear innuendo himself.
	"They're on Europa; at least someone's playing them down there."
	"Good taste," was all Trixi said. "Good fucking taste."

***

	Three hours later the ship set down on Europa, en route passing through an invisible electro-atmospheric field, built by the occupants of the moon to add an atmosphere to an otherwise lifeless planetoid. Dan had made contact with Europa Base. It had one single occupant, a seventy five year old man. It turned out that he arrived here in much the same way, although from much further on in time. Four hundred years, give or take.
	As Dan spoke to him over the coms, he couldn't shake the niggling feeling there was something extremely familiar about the guy.
	He explained how the rest of his crew died of a disease similar to Syphilis and although he to had caught the disease, he had injected a minute amount of liquid nitrogen into his blood stream, having developed and programmed it to seek out the Syphilis and suspend it. He had been there for thirty nine years; thirty of them had been spent alone so he really didn't talk much. The old man hadn't spent that time completely alone. When he and his crew first arrived on Europa they'd brought with them livestock; sheep, pigs, and cattle. That said, such creatures aren't really known for their conversational skills.

***

 	They'd only been on the surface of Europa for a matter of minutes before the old man took Trixi by her arm and quietly took her to one side.
	"Girl," he said. "You're going to need this to get back." He handed what looked like a small remote control to Trixi.
	"What is it?" she asked.
	"Can't rightly remember what it's called, but essentially it generates black holes," he replied. Trixi looked puzzled.
	"Why would we want to generate a Black Hole?"
	"Because at the centre of every Black Hole is a doorway to everywhere, you just have to know where you want to go, programme your desired destination into your ship. That's where the doorway will take you," he explained.
	"What about the pressure? Once you pass over the Event Horizon, it’s like trying to survive at the bottom of the deepest ocean, it can't be done."
	"I was hoping you'd say that," chuckled the old man. "Look at this." Trixi hadn't noticed before, because it was perfectly camouflaged. She hadn't been looking for it but sure enough it appeared before her eyes, materialising as if from nowhere. The old man disappeared leaving Trixi alone and wondering if he had ever really been there in the first place. She pushed that thought out of her head and lit a cigarette. If he hadn't really been there, then who had she spent the last few minutes talking to?

***

	It came over her without warning, without explanation, but she knew things, things that by rights she shouldn't have.
	Everything about the old man. Who he was and from whence he came, how he'd come to be on Europa and the reasons behind his being there. He had four daughters and from them, several grand-children. The names of his daughters though, that's what really knocked her for six.
	Sara, Jemma, Janey, and Trixi.


Chapter Three
A Risk Worth Taking?


	Trixi was shaken by the revelation taking place inside her head. The old man's origins were four hundred years later than Trixi's own time. No matter how hard she tried,  Trixi could think of no sane reason how this could be. She decided to push it out of her mind and lighting a cigarette, went in search of her friends. They were exactly where she last saw them, hanging around outside their ship.
	"Guys," Trixi shouted to them. "I have something to show you."
	"It had better be good," said Dan, miserably.
	"Who's pissed on your chips?" K asked.
	"What?" Dan asked, before realizing he had actually heard exactly what K said to him. "Oh, no one. It's just been a pretty fucked up few days!"
	"Yeah, same for all of us. Get over it," said Pete.
	Dan scowled at the back of his head as they all followed Trixi.
	"Do you see?" Trixi asked.
	"What are we looking for?" replied JD.
	"I can't tell you. Let your vision blur, as if you're looking at one of those magic pictures." They all did as she asked.
	"Holy shit." Dan was the first to see it. "She's beautiful, where did she come from?"
	"She's always been here," replied Trixi. Slowly, everyone else saw what Trixi and Dan saw and were equally taken aback. The ship was magnificent, at least three times the size of their small vessel, with a name scrawled inexpertly in red paint down the side.
	"The Reaper," Lemmy said out loud, as everyone else mouthed the name.
	Pete turned to face the girl. "You know, you do chip in with a comment at the most unexpected of times."
	Lemmy grinned, and winked at Pete. Trixi noticed the wink, and laughed quietly to herself.
	“Just keeping you on your toes, stud,” Lemmy laughed as she spoke.
	"Alright guys, anything we can take out of Europa Base, get it loaded. I want to be hitting the sky in an hour," Trixi ordered, ignoring the obvious sexual tension between Pete and Lemmy as best she could.
	"Who died and made you Captain?" asked Pete, shocked at the authoritative tone in which Trixi spoke.
	"The old man gave me the ship before he died, that makes me Captain," she replied with more joy in her voice than she intended. Hoping that no one would notice, she let it slide.
	"The old man died?" said Pete, shocked for the second time in almost as many seconds. 
	"Yes, he kind of, vanished I guess. One minute he was here, the next he was not," Trixi replied. "Now get going. Like I said, I want to hit the sky in an hour.
	"Ma'am," was the general mumbling of agreement.

***

	Fifty five minutes later they were loaded up. Dan was quite pleased with himself. He had raided the food stores and discovered what seemed to be an endless supply of pretty much everything. Having tied his dreadlocks so they weren't constantly in his face he'd set about the task of moving as much to the Reaper as possible. K was equally pleased as she'd found a huge arsenal of weaponry, all of which was swiftly tucked away on board the Reaper, ready for a rainy day.
	"All set Ma'am," said JD. He had adopted the pilot's chair as his own and had just completed the pre-flight checks.
	"Take her up then, nice and easy," Trixi replied. "How's K finding the engine room?"
	"Says it's like nothing she's ever seen. The technology is incredible, and is apparently very user-friendly. She said that if all goes well she won't have to do a thing."
	"Well let’s hope it stays that way," Trixi sighed. "Things are complicated enough already." She turned to Pete who was sat at the nav com. "Do we have a heading?"
	"Yes Ma'am," replied Pete. "I thought we might take a swing round Earth, just to give the yokels something to talk about, and then head up towards Proxima Centauri." Pete indicated this on the scanner. The Reaper was ridiculously more advanced than their old ship as one might would expect from a design four hundred years its senior. The scanner was actually a 3-D projected image, hovering four feet in the air in front of the navigation unit.
	"Any particular reason?" Trixi asked with nothing more than the slightest of nods.
	"No Ma'am it's just, well where else are we going to go?"
	"Fair enough," said Trixi. She thought it was probably for the best she didn't tell anyone about the Black Hole Generator just yet. She still didn't have everything straight in her head and until she did, she figured everyone had enough on their proverbial plates.

***

	Leaving Europa behind and with her, Jupiter and her numerous celestial bodies, the Reaper sped through space towards the birthplace of the human race. None of the crew held any sentiment for the planet, especially as the only stories they had heard were all of war and destruction. In spite of that fact, it was still going to be a special moment.
	"How we doing JD?" Pete asked. "How long you reckon before we hit Earth?"
	"Hour, maybe two," came the reply. "You up for hanging a U-Turn around the Statue of Liberty?"
	"Hell yes." Pete chuckled at his friend. "Best not let on to Trixi what you're planning though, I think this power has gone to her head."
	"She does seem a little uptight, but then again that old guy did croak right in front of her." JD defended the Captain, although he certainly couldn't argue. "That might explain a few things."
***

	Trixi was alone in her bunk, not that she'd been able to get any sleep. She wouldn't have minded too much had she had company but since Prima, K had shown little interest so instead she attempted to focus, going over and over things in her mind but still couldn't see everything clearly.
	The old man had been her father and she had three sisters, two older and one younger, two years separating each of them. Her father had arrived on Europa through a black hole that he or a member of his expedition had generated. But why? Why would he and his crew want to get to Europa, and why would they travel almost four hundred years into the past to do so?
	It made no sense to her. She came to the conclusion that the Black Hole Generator given to her by her father was faulty. Maybe the Half-Light Drive was the same as the Black Hole Generator on a basic level, which would explain why they had arrived at Europa just as her father had done so before them. Maybe there was only one, and the Black Hole Generator and the Half-Light Drive were one and the same, in which case how did Dan and JD end up with the Half-Light? But surely that would mean that the two technologies should not be able to exist at the same point in Space and Time.
	She would work it all out, she knew she would.
	
***

	Down in the engine room, K was really quite bored. Because the engine was so completely self-sufficient she had nothing to do but monitor it, ensuring that input and output levels stayed within their set parameters.
	Having watched and monitored for ten or fifteen minutes, they hadn't moved at all so K headed down to the armoury. She contemplated paying Trixi a visit but even though she knew she'd get what she needed from the Captain, that was just it. Trixi was Captain. Not only that, but she'd got her eye elsewhere.
	On her way to the armoury, K stepped into the galley with the intention of grabbing a bite to eat. In all the excitement of the past few days, she couldn't remember eating anything at all. Lemmy was already there, wearing a chef's hat and a little pinafore over the top of her clothes. She was stirring a huge pan of what smelled like the hottest chilli known to mankind; Grindcore Chilli.
	"Give me five minutes and this'll be ready." Lemmy shouted over the noise of the bubbling pot. "You might want to run down to the walk-in and grab a case of lager."
	"I like your thinking girl," replied K as she turned and ran down the corridor. Even though the vessel was thrice the size of their previous ship, it was still not huge and as such, the crew already knew the interior like they knew their own genitalia. Five minutes later she returned and as promised, Lemmy had laid out six bowls of Grindcore. The rest of the crew were already sat, waiting impatiently for the lager that K had on her shoulder. She placed the case in the centre of the table, and sat down ready to tuck in.
	"I take it that everybody is aware of what we are about to eat?" asked Lemmy, an extremely knowing smile upon her face. "Grindcore Chilli is incredibly hot, I'm not sure that you boys can take it." If it was at all possible her smile spread even wider as she talked. "So if you can't manage it I'm sure Trixi, K or myself will gladly finish off your helpings."
	"I think we can manage, right boys?" replied Dan, hurt at the suggestion that his iron stomach wasn't up to task. JD and Pete nodded, and as one all six crew members started to eat.
	As he tucked into the incredibly hot and spicy dish, an unnerving feeling washed over Dan. He glanced around the table and saw everything appeared to be normal. The rest of his friends were chowing down without hesitation so he attempted to do the same, but he couldn't shake the sensation that someone was looking over his shoulder. He turned in his chair and saw Lemmy, although her appearance was drastically different. She looked much older and had several brutal looking scars upon her face, and the exposed flesh of her arms and torso. Dan turned back to the table just to be certain and sure enough, Lemmy was sitting directly opposite to him, munching through her bowl full of Grindcore Chilli.
	“They can't see me.” He turned back to face the other Lemmy with an expression of bemusement upon his face.
	“What.. the... fuck?” he stammered, fear boiling up inside of him.
	“Oh...” Lemmy's expression also changed as a realisation dawned on her. “I've made a mistake. I wasn't supposed to appear to you in reality.”
	“You're not making any sense. Why are you talking to me about realities?”
	“And apparently I'm here much too early.” It appeared to Dan as though Lemmy was now talking to herself, which confused him even more. “The time line must not have been altered yet. Shit! I bet you don't even know my real name.”
	“OK, you're really scaring me now.”
	“I know, I know.” Lemmy now looked Dan straight in the eyes, and had he not known any better he'd have sworn her eyes glowed red, just for a second. “You're not ready for this, I'm sorry. You're going to forget that I was here. You're going to turn back to the table and enjoy your meal as if nothing ever happened.” She smiled a worn smile. “Do you understand?”
	“I do,” Dan replied, his voice monotone. He turned back to the table and just as the other Lemmy had told him he would, he tucked into his bowl of chilli and in that instant he completely forgot about what had just happened.

***

	Fifteen minutes later, the case of lager had been polished off and K was just eating the last of JD's Grindcore. Five minutes after that, JD came back from the toilet, having spent the last ten minutes throwing up.
	“Couldn't take the heat then, eh lad?” Dan chortled, nudging Pete's ribs as he spoke.
	“Fuck you,” JD replied, feeling extremely sorry for himself. “Fuck all of you!”

***
	The navigation computer bleeped into life as JD arrived on the bridge, having detected an imminent impact.
	"Pete, could do with a hand up here bud."
	Pete entered the bridge soon after JD and sat down behind his friend at the navigation computer itself. "You see that big rock like thing we're about to hit?"
	"Yeah, we might want to avoid that," replied Pete, a sarcastic tinge to his voice. "I don't fancy dying in the twenty-first century."
	"'Specially not by crashing into the Moon I'd wager," said JD, chuckling lightly at his friend's humour in the face of certain death. "What do you think, evasive action?"
	"I'd say yes," replied Pete, turning on the intercom. There was no panic in his voice, instead he spoke clearly and calmly. "Guys, hold onto something or strap yourselves in. Whatever, we're about to take evasive action before we end up strewn all over Earth's Moon. Hold the fuck on."
	"OK," said JD. "Here we go." The problem they were having was that although the nav com had planned a perfect course to Earth, it had failed to take into account the Moon in the twenty-first century was much closer to Earth than it was in the twenty-fifth century, almost twelve million miles further away to be precise. As a direct result of this, the Reaper was passing the moon just under four miles off the dark side, and the Moon's gravity was not happy. It was hungry, and it didn't fear the Reaper.
	"Slingshot," said Pete.
	"What?" JD was concentrating fully on wrestling the controls. "I've never pulled off a successful Slingshot before."
	"Now's your chance and our only chance, so get it right!" JD looked unsure. "Or I could always get Dan to do it, or I could do it myself," teased Pete as Trixi arrived on the bridge.
	"Slingshot?" she suggested to Pete.
	"That's exactly what I said."
	"Alright," JD was getting frustrated. "Alright, I got it." He wasn't lying either. He took the Reaper within ten feet of the surface of the Moon, constantly gaining speed. The G-Force on board was incredible. No one could speak, their faces temporarily stretched back past their ears. JD let out an inhuman yet silent scream, as the pain and concentration it took to control the vessel almost got the better of him.
	It wasn't long, only a matter of minutes before the Reaper had done full circle and was lining up for the Slingshot manoeuvre. To the crew they were the longest few minutes of their lives. The pain for each and every of them was excruciating. Seconds later the Reaper began to leave the surface of Earth's only natural satellite behind, its many mountains and valleys very quickly becoming a distant memory. 
	The manoeuvre was over and as the G-Force wore off the Reaper slowed down to a sensible speed, the crew cheered. JD, beaming with pride simply sat there unable to do much else except shake all over.
	"Anyone else want one of these?" asked Trixi as she sparked a cigarette and then put it in between JD's motionless lips. As he inhaled the beautiful nicotine, his eyes closed and a wave of calm passed over him.
	"Shit yeah," was all he could say.

***

	None of the crew had ever seen Earth, only a few pictures here and there. The twenty-first century was the peak of Earth's tenure as home to the human race. Visually it was stunning and from so far away the crew could watch weather systems and cloud formations as they moved over continents. They did so in awe.
	The closer they got the more mankind's ancestral home filled their screen the more excited they became. Although not a single person on board had any direct attachment to the planet, all of them knew their forefathers had made lives there, good lives for the most part. It was only natural to feel a little nostalgia.
	"Breaking atmo in thirty seconds," Pete said, not that anyone was listening. They were all too busy admiring the view. "We should come out somewhere over the north Atlantic." He looked over at JD, who was currently smoking his fifth cigarette in quick succession. "You ready buddy?"
	"I'm good man." JD smiled.
	"Take us down JD," said Trixi.
	"Yes Ma'am."
	"Breaking atmo now." Suddenly and without warning, the Reaper began to increase speed.
	"JD, what are you doing?"
	"Nothing Ma'am, it's not me." Trixi knew this to be true as an extremely worried look suddenly appeared on the pilot's face.
	"K, what's goin' on down there?" Trixi yelled into the com.
	"Impact in ten," Pete yelled, fear radiating from his mouth.
	"I dunno'," was K's frantic reply. "Shit just started going crazy."
	"Six." Pete wasn't the only one on board fearing for his life for the second time in the last hour.
	"Hit the Half-Light," ordered Trixi, both fear and panic obvious in her voice. "Hit the fucking Half-Light now!”
	"Two," said Pete as JD hit the Half-Light, causing the Reaper to instantly disappear from Time and Space, materialising a nano-second later.

***

	"Everybody still with us?" asked Trixi. Although jaded, the replies indicated a full crew.
	"Anyone got any idea why that trip was so much smoother than our previous venture with the Half-Light?" asked Dan.
	"Not me," began Pete. "But to be fair I'm not complaining. Last trip was a nightmare."
	"True," replied Dan.
	"Guys," JD looked worried. "I know where we are."

***

	Captain Jenkins, a veteran of the Planetary Parliament, if there was such a thing as a veteran of an organisation that had existed for only four years, pressed the receive button on his remote activated videophone.
	"Sir." 
	"Captain, good to see you." 
	"Thank you Sir."
	"Yes, quite."
	"What can I do for you Sir?"
	"Well Captain, I was just making sure that you are alright." 
	"I'm fine Sir."
	"Fine?"
	"Yes Sir." 
	"Then tell me this, Captain. If you are, as you put it, 'fine', then give me another reason that you allowed the two Svensson girls to escape."
	"I offer no explanation Sir. They disappeared into thin air."
	"Well that is not good enough, Captain. I am sending you reinforcements. Failure a second time is not an option. Do you understand?"
	"Yes Sir."
	"You had better," he paused for a moment and stared at Jenkins, shaking his head slowly. “Have a nice day, Captain,” and with that, the transmission ended.

***

	A trio of missiles passed over the Reaper's bow and exploded a matter of feet off the port side. The vessel shuddered as the electrics flickered briefly and just for a moment, it seemed as though the oxygen regeneration unit would not survive. All on board held their breath in morbid anticipation of a slow, painful death but thankfully it was an anomaly caused by power fluctuations and the unit quickly began to function normally once more.
	"What the hell!" Dan voiced exactly what everyone else was thinking. "We've landed in the middle of a fucking war zone."
	"Anyone else ever flown in conditions of war?" asked JD. “'Cos I never have."
	"You can manage JD," said Trixi, with more certainty than she herself felt. "You're the best pilot we have on board."
	"Yes Ma'am," he replied. "But still..."
	"I said, you can do it."
	"Yes Ma'am," said JD as yet more missiles exploded, this time just off the starboard side. The Reaper rocked again and once more the electrics did their flickering dance. "Pete, I need a way out."
	"Working on it man, working on it," said Pete from his station, his tone hinting at the frustration he felt for the fact he was not at the helm himself. "I'll have you one, just as soon as I work out where the fuck we are."
	"I know where we are!" shouted JD, wrestling with the controls as he did so.
	"We're back where we should be. Look," he nodded at the scanner. "That's Prima."
	"Shit, you're right," replied Pete. There was no denying that fact, it just didn't make any sense. "What the hell have we come back to? What year are we?"
	"Twenty-three twenty," said Trixi, after checking the Half-Light display.
	"Anyone else remember there being a war last year?" asked Dan, as puzzled and bemused as the rest.
	"Not this far out into the system," replied JD. "All fighting was confined to the Inner Ring."
	"I don't want to freak you all out," Lemmy spoke, startling everyone as she usually did each and every time she spoke up out of the blue.
	"Why does anyone bother saying that line?" Pete tried to take the edge off the atmosphere as yet another missile exploded, and much closer this time.
	"I think we changed history." This time no one responded to Lemmy. They were all extremely worried, none of them really relishing in the thought they may have changed everything. "When we de-materialised the second time when we all thought we were above the north Atlantic, well we weren't."
	"What do you mean Lemmy?" asked Dan, confused. "And how do you know?"
	"I just thought I'd check back for reports around the time we almost impacted," Lemmy went on. "There's talk of a meteor crashing into the sea just off the coast of Iceland on January fourteenth, two thousand. Two weeks later a group of Icelandic scientists discovered what they called 'Space Debris' washed up at Reykjavik. From this debris they were able to build technology significantly more advanced than the rest of the world. Much of it turned out to be flawed. The most significant technology though was a space craft way ahead of it's time. They developed an early version of the Terra-Forming project and the Icelandic people claimed the Moon as their own in two-thousand fourteen. From what I gather..."
	Lemmy paused as JD pulled a semi-loop to avoid another missile attack, and then she carried on.
	"From what I gather this caused World War Three which was won by Iceland, although four years later the CIA infiltrated the Icelandic Government and tore them down from the inside. America never invaded the United Kingdom; instead it was the other way around. Britain gained control over the United States, aside from Alaska which remained the last stand for the Free America Movement."
	"So is that why these guys are such bastards?" JD shouted over as he avoided yet another missile attack. "They're British?"
	"English actually," Lemmy carried on as if it was the norm for her to talk at such length. "England won the British Civil War because they forced the American army to fight for them." 
	"That does explain a few things," said Trixi. "Throughout history the English have never been at peace unless they were at war, hence this absolute fucking shit-storm we've arrived in." As she finished speaking an incoming video feed came up on screen. The vision was that of a female, probably around her late twenties.
	"You have entered English airspace. Identify yourselves at once else the next missile will make contact." She spoke in perfect English, the Queen's English. The kind of English accent you only ever hear spoken by bad guys in James Bond films. 
	"This is the Reaper," Trixi replied. "I am the Captain of this vessel, and we have as much right to this space as you do." 
	"You do not," was the reply. "Surrender your vessel immediately."
	"If we refuse?"
	"Then we have no choice but to destroy you. You have two minutes." Trixi cut the transmission.
	"K, what do we have in the way of fire power?!" Trixi yelled into the com.
	"How many ships are we fighting?" replied K. 
	"I count seventeen," said Dan as he allowed his eyes to scan the data readouts.
	"Right, I have an EMP. It sends a pulse straight to the core of anything electrical within a five mile radius."
	"That should do it," replied Trixi.
	"We have to shut down all systems before we can use it."
	"Already on it," said JD as he flicked multiple switches. "Can you activate the EMP from there K?"
	"Already got my finger on the button." 
	“Is it just me or did that sound vaguely sexual?” Dan smirked and stifled a chuckle.
	"Good, just let the engine power down, on my mark." JD waited a few seconds, completely ignoring Dan's inappropriate comment. "Mark."
	K hit it, and a ripple of energy ran in all directions away from the Reaper, knocking out every system on all its aggressors. As soon as the EMP reached its five mile limit and fizzled out JD powered up and the Reaper sped off, her crew laughing and joking with each other out of nervous relief more than anything else.
	"May I make a suggestion Ma'am?" Pete said to Trixi. "That suggestion being that we get our arses outta' here and get back to our own time line?"
	"Sounds good to me," replied Trixi. "But..."

***

	And suddenly she knew. Just as there was no viable explanation for her knowing of her father and of her sisters, Trixi knew without question the Black Hole Generator given to her by her father was exactly what the Half-Light was; only its other half. The Yin to the Half-Light's Yang. Without its opposite number, either one would randomly pick a destination out of a hat, as it were. When both were connected, it gave the ability to pick and choose.

***

	"K get up here," she almost screamed into the com. K arrived as quickly as she could, and now the whole crew were assembled in the bridge. Trixi went on to tell the story about her father, her sisters and her mother, the truth about the Half-Light Drive, and the ability she now had to remember things that were yet to happen.
	"So what you're basically saying, family issues aside is that if I attach the Black Hole Generator to the Half-Light, creating a kind of hybrid Half-Light, then we can go home?" K asked having taken a few seconds to get her head around the concept that tore the laws of physics into several tiny pieces.
	"Pretty much, yeah."
	"Then what the hell am I waiting for?" K shouted, running down to the engine room. Dan smiled at Trixi.
	"You OK Ma'am?" He asked gently.
	"I will be," she replied, matching the smile of her friend. "Let's go home."


Chapter Four
Walk of Shame


	On board the Reaper, the navigation computer detected a direct hit and automatically put up its shield, surrounding the entire ship with invisible energy. Several more would-be direct hits were deflected in much the same way as the vessel was mercilessly attacked by several much larger Parliament ships, all of whom must have thought Christmas had come early when the Reaper materialised in their midst.
	"What do you think?" JD said to Pete and Dan. "Shall we let them chase us?"
	"Will those shields hold up?" asked Dan. 
	"Well, they're showing ninety-nine percent intact," replied Pete. "I love this ship, even one direct hit like that on our old girl and she'd have been fucked like a drunk in a brothel." 
	"Take that as a yes then I think," Dan said to JD. 
	"Right you are," JD spoke into the com. "K, open her up, we're going flying." Fresh from his Slingshot high, JD knew he would have no problem out-running the Planetary Parliament ships that seemed set on destroying them, but he wanted to have a little fun along the way. He weaved this way and that, feigning damage to the ship before finally putting the hammer down a little, going fast enough to stay out of range, but close enough to keep them interested. 

***

	The bridge of the PPS Helder was a veritable hive of activity, full as it was of officers of varying ranks.
	"Do we give chase Sir?" The second in command asked of Captain Jenkins. 
	"That is what they want of us Roberts, but I see we have no other choice," and as an afterthought he added, "it may do us well to request back-up. Put in the call Roberts."  Jenkins was not a foolish man and knew that should he fail to capture the Svensson girls for a second time, the higher-ups would likely have his guts for garters. They were only two little girls though, weren't they? Sure their tiny vessel had a crew of six but even so, they should be no match for the magnitude of the Planetary Parliament.
	
***

	"We have the asteroid belt coming up JD," Pete shouted across the bridge. "You OK with that?" 
	"Only one way to find out," replied JD as Trixi came onto the bridge. 
	"What's going on?" she demanded. 
	"Nothing Ma'am, just a little game of cat and mouse," said Pete. "Only this time, the mouse is going to come out on top, there's no way they'll follow us through the belt." 
	"You’re right, they won't," said Trixi, indicating four fast moving objects on the scanner. "But I'm sure that these guys have different ideas." 
	"Oh shit! What are they?" Pete knew the answer before he had finished asking the question, he looked at Trixi as they both stared at the screen before them, and together they mouthed the words, 'Bounty Hunters'. "Get us out of here man," Pete yelled to JD. 
	"Dan, I want you and K on the guns, now!" 
	"Yes Ma'am," replied Dan as he ran towards one of the two gun stations. "K I need you now!" he shouted into the com.
	It was all Dan and K could do to shoot missiles destined for the Reaper out of the sky, the bounty hunters getting ever closer with their much smaller, much more agile ships, able to navigate the belt much more effectively. 
	"They have a lock, I can't break it." Pete was punching at screens furiously, trying to decipher the lock code. 
	"Let me try," said a voice behind Pete, and Lemmy pushed him out of his chair and took his place. Within seconds, she spoke. "This is a simple code," she said turning to Pete. "Look, what do you see now?" she asked as she tapped away. Pete stared for a few seconds. 
	"Damn girl you're good. Gotta' say I wouldn't have broken that." The lock code deciphered JD accelerated away, narrowly avoiding multiple collisions with asteroids. 
	"Easy JD, easy," Trixi said as her pilot wiped beads of sweat from his forehead.
	"I'll take it easy when we have some breathing space;" barked JD. "Now let me fucking concentrate." Trixi remained silent, making a note to herself to have a word with JD when he'd got them to safety. 

***

	The bounty hunters did not give up easily. They were on a promise of a huge pay-off for the capture of the Svensson girls. Trixi had her suspicions as to why they were being chased, and she was absolutely correct. Lemmy was indeed Trixi's younger sister, Janey. For whatever reason they had both wound up several hundred years into the history of their own time, Janey with apparently no recollection whatsoever. That would of course explain her intelligence, Janey was two years Trixi's junior and was similar to her elder sister in most every way. She found herself feeling a little jealous. 

***

	The asteroid belt navigated without more than a few near misses, JD could really open up the Reaper and give her a good run. Flat out she could outrun anything. Her only real problem was manoeuvrability, but that wasn't an issue in open space. 
	"JD this course is going to take us straight into the Inner Ring, we should be on Parliament radar any second now." Pete looked at JD, his face like stone as he concentrated. 
	"Don't worry man," JD replied. "Get on the com to K, give her these co-ordinates." JD punched a few buttons. "Get the Half-Light ready for a short jump," he paused. "Well, maybe a little skip."

***

	The Reaper approached the automated defences of the Inner Ring. The bounty hunters chasing them fell into a loose formation, none wanting to get too close to another, but equally none of them wanted to lose out on their prize. Without warning, the leading bounty hunter fired two missiles in quick succession, thus taking out two of his opponents leaving only a couple still in the chase.
	“No honour amongst thieves,” Dan muttered beneath his breath as he knocked a missile from its course. “Or dirty bounty hunter bastards, for that matter.”
	As the Reaper neared the Inner Ring, the navigation computer went haywire as it registered forty separate locks, meaning that unless something was done quickly then the Reaper would very soon be non-existent as not even her own incredibly strong defences could withstand forty direct hits. The automated defences fired. The navigation computer was going into overdrive. 
	"Direct hit in ten!" Pete screamed. "You better have something planned JD." 
	"Don't worry yourself," replied JD, calm as you like. "Ready when you are K," he spoke into the com. 
	"Five." Pete was beside himself. "Whatever you got in mind, do it now." K hit the Half-Light, and in the blink of an eye the Reaper was on the opposite side of the Inner Ring, cruising as if she didn't have a care in the world.
	The Reaper out of the way, forty or so missiles found themselves without a target so they locked onto the nearest moving objects.
	The bounty hunters were no more. 
	"That was nice man," Pete conceded. "I gotta' hand it to you that was very well thought out." 
	"Calm down," JD laughed. "You're still not going to blow me." JD smiled as K came onto the bridge. He lifted her from the waist, swirled her around and planted a kiss on her lips. "That was amazing," JD said as he placed K back on her own two feet. "I can't believe that worked, your timing was impeccable." 
	"Thanks," replied K. "It was you who told me how to work it though, I think your exact words were, 'leave it as late as you can'." 
	"It worked though." JD was still laughing. "Those bounty hunters won't be bothering us again." 
	"You're right, it was a very well thought out plan," said Trixi as she stepped through the door. "Tell me next time you're going to' do something like that though, we all might have died!" 
	"Yes Ma'am," JD conceded. "But, we didn't." 

***

	As time passed, JD and K grew closer, much to Trixi's disappointment. It wasn't that she didn't want either party to be happy, because nothing could have been further from the truth but the nights she'd spent with K had been incredible. Although she did her level best not to let it show, the fact that K and JD were spending more and more time together really got to her and had anyone asked her directly she would've been hard pressed to hide her jealousy. They thought no one knew but the longing looks and fleeting glances hadn't gone unnoticed, quite the opposite, especially by Trixi. Everyone knew, and on several occasions the two love-birds were noticed doing the walk of shame from one or the others quarters, just as two love-struck college kids.
	Trixi had far more pressing concerns though, although it was hard for her to push JD and K's blossoming relationship from her mind, she managed to do so. She was worried. She'd been racking her brain trying to work out why she and Lemmy were being chased, and just how they'd come to be in a time several hundred years before their own. She was yet to broach the subject with Lemmy as she was unsure how her younger sister would react. It was hard for Trixi to deal with and she considered herself level headed, but she was as yet unsure about Lemmy's mental stability. 

***

	"Well, have you got any ideas?" Dan asked. 
	"Are you really sure that we've run out of money?" replied Pete.
	"Yes mate, I mean it's not like we had much to begin with. We need to find work or steal some shit, or something else pretty fucking soon, else they're gonna' find us drifting and starved to death." 
	"We should speak to the Captain, make sure she understands how big a mess we're in then," said Pete as Trixi entered the galley. "Speak of the Devil." 
	"What's up guys?" she asked. 
	"Somebody's in a good mood," Dan joked. 
	"Good night's sleep," and then she went on, "so, what you gotta' talk to me about?" 
	"Well Ma'am," Pete cleared his throat. "It appears that we kinda'..." He tailed off. 
	"Oh for fuck's sake, pussy," said Dan. "We've got no food, and fuck all cash to get some." 
	"How bad is it?" Trixi asked. 
	"Well you know that big bag of pasta we've got?" 
	"Yes," said Trixi slowly, as if trying to coax blood from a stone.
	"We have no sauce to go with it," 
	"That's it!" Trixi laughed. "You're all bent outta' shape 'cos we have no sauce to go with your pasta?" 
	"No you misunderstand me," said Dan. "We have nothing to go with it. We don't even have any of those biscuits you like so much and think that no one's ever noticed you munching on."
	"Looks like we best get ourselves some work then, eh?" Trixi said, rubbing her hands together. 
	"We could always rent out JD," Dan suggested. 
	"I don't think we should aim quite as low as whoring out crew members," laughed Trixi, and then as an afterthought. "Well, not straight away anyway."


Chapter Five
Various Stages of Deadness


	"So where we headed, JD?" Pete asked as he entered the bridge, followed closely by Lemmy. He hadn't been able to get rid of her just lately, wherever he went she was there like a permanent shadow... not that he minded. She was damn hot!
	“I thought we might head to the Outer Ring, we could do with taking on a few supplies and we should probably try and get hold of some cash."
	"Sounds like a plan mate," replied Pete. "Lemmy's rustled up some food if you're hungry, nothing special mind."
	"Yeah bring it on." JD actually couldn't remember the last time he'd eaten. "I'm pretty much starving here."
	He switched on the auto pilot, ran through to the galley and wolfed down a bowl of noodle soup.

***

	Days passed with little occurrence of note as the Reaper and her crew made their way effortlessly through the never ending black of space. It took almost a week to reach their destination, by which time supplies were desperately low.
	"We're coming up on Libertas now guys, an hour or so and we'll be touching down," Dan said over the com. He, Pete and JD had been working a shift pattern piloting the Reaper. "Do we know what kind of reception we're gonna' get?"
	"Not really," replied Trixi. "This far out it's hard to tell."
	"We'd best get geared up then," said Dan. "Just in case."

***

	The Reaper touched down at the docking station surrounded by several buildings, all of which appeared to be uninhabited. None of the crew had ever been to Libertas but the planet was known throughout the Outer Ring as a primary trading base. The cargo bay doors opened, the ramp dropped gently to the floor and the crew cautiously exited their vessel. They were greeted by a man, tall and gaunt, and twenty or so armed guards lined up behind him, weapons cocked and ready.
	"Welcome to Libertas City," the man spoke. "I am Counsellor Mellor and I will be your guide. What is your business here?"
	"I am Trixi, Captain of the Reaper," said Trixi as she stepped forward. "We come here looking to trade."
	"Before any of your requests are met, I must ask you to relinquish your weapons," replied Mellor. Trixi glanced round at her crew, and they reluctantly dropped whatever weapons they were carrying.
	"My nethers ain't as tight as the security here," Trixi whispered to K, who chuckled in reply.
	"All questions will be answered soon," Mellor paused, apparently having heard Trixi's whisper. To his credit though, he didn't miss a beat. "Please, follow me." With that, he strode towards and entered a small building in the centre of the docking station. They followed and found nothing inside the building but a steep flight of stairs leading below the surface. They were ushered down. The steps seemed to go on forever, and yet still they continued down.
	"Two hundred feet so far," whispered Lemmy to Dan. Dan gave her a questioning look, but then realised that she was more than likely to be correct. It worried him how intelligent the women in their crew seemed to be, what with K and her expertise with machines, Lemmy and her seemingly bottomless pool of knowledge, and Trixi with more common sense than anyone he'd ever met.
	After what seemed like an age they reached the bottom of the stairs and went through a huge door. They found themselves standing on a ledge, at least fifty feet wide, looking out on an immense underground city.
	"Impressive, isn't it?" Said Mellor. The crew nodded in unison.
	"Exactly how far down are we?" asked  JD.
	"Three hundred and forty feet," replied Trixi and Lemmy together before Mellor had time to answer. Mellor looked slightly concerned.
	"That's right," he continued. "We've been living below the surface for a couple of years. We find it more suitable to our needs, and of course for security purposes. When one deals with as many different traders as we do, we find it necessary."
	The crew of the Reaper looked out on the city in awe, lights twinkling here and there as people went about their business. There was a low humming noise, just noticeable above the hustle and bustle one might expect of any town.
	"That humming," said Dan. "What's that?"
	"That's our air conditioning," explained Mellor. "This far below the surface there is no new air to speak of, so we installed a network of air ducts to various points on the surface." Then turning to Trixi. "So what exactly can we do for you?"
	"We have a distinct shortage of pretty much everything we need to survive, so anything you can do to help us out would be appreciated." Replied Trixi.
	"Well," began Mellor. "I'm sure that we can come to some arrangement, for a small fee of course."
	"That brings us to our second problem," Trixi looked a little sheepish. "We are very limited financially," she picked her words very carefully. 
	"I see," Mellor said, blankly. "Well that is a problem, certainly. We cannot be seen to be giving away freebies, as it were."
	"Of course you can't," replied Trixi. "And we would never ask for you to do so. However, we do require supplies so anything that we could do for you as a method of payment would be considered." Mellor studied Trixi's face for a moment. Finding nothing there but sincerity he quickly looked away.
	"We have a problem on one of our main trading routes with other cities on this world," he said thoughtfully. "There is a group of pirates calling themselves the Masked Men, there are nine of them and they are constantly attacking ships en route to and away from us. Only around forty percent of trade is actually getting through."
	"What kind of pirates are we talking about here?" asked JD. "I mean are we actually talking about pirates of old, Long John Silver with a parrot on his shoulder?"
	“Yaaargh,” Dan chuckled.
	"I don't know about the name or the parrot, but there are..." Mellor paused. "There are comparisons that can be drawn, yes."
	"How often do they attack?" asked Pete.
	"It's hard to be certain, but we do expect an attack any time now."
	"Do we have a boat?"
	"There is a ship leaving for Capital City shortly," explained Mellor.
	"Can we have our weapons?" K demanded, rather than asked.
	"That's my girl," said JD. "Getting the important things sorted."
	Mellor ignored this JD and continued. "Your weapons will be returned to you when you are on board."
	"Right," began Trixi. "Let's get to work."

***

	From what Trixi could gather, Libertas was not dissimilar to the moon she, K and Pete had left all those months ago. Much larger, granted, but essentially the same. Sprawling oceans dotted here and there with many islands. The difference was that Libertas as well as being a prime trading location was one of the most densely populated worlds in the system.
	They arrived at the boat, although boat is probably the wrong term. The big bastard made the Titanic look like a dingy; it was massive. They were all ushered on board, and as promised their weapons were handed to them. Dan and Trixi headed up to the bridge whilst the rest of the crew took up station around the sides of the ship, looking down the mile or so to the ocean.

***
	"I think," began Dan. "That we should have some music to get us in the mood." He produced a flash drive from somewhere about his person. "Remember when we hit Europa, and your Dad was listening to that band?"
	"Yeah, Morbid Angel, right?"
	"That's the one, well I looked into music of that time period and I gotta' say, it's pretty fucking cool," he reached over to a console and inserted the flash drive, using the touch screen to select a file he then stood back. "Check this shit out." 
	Trixi was impressed, speed metal and an almost operatic singing style. It worked very well. Dan had been right. Pretty fucking cool indeed. "Who is this?" she shouted to Dan over the screaming guitars.
	"Dragonforce, now what do you say we let everyone enjoy it, eh?" he said as he flicked a switch, and the music came out over every speaker on board.
	The ship set sail to the sound of Dan's metal collection, cutting through the waves as if they weren't there. And waves they were, absolutely huge. The currents beneath the surface must have been incredibly strong because the waves crashing against the side of the ship were almost sixty feet high, dwarfed however, by the size of the vessel itself.
	An hour or so passed by, and then a shout went out. There was a smaller, mush faster vessel approaching from the west.
	"It's them," said the Captain, a look of real fear in his eyes. "It's the Nine Masked Men."
	Dan removed his flash drive, not wanting it to get damaged in the ruckus he was sure would ensue, and tucked it back where it came from.
	"Alright guys," he said over the ship's tannoy system. "Look busy, we got some company."
	"I have a shot," yelled Pete over the tannoy, cocking his rifle.
	"Take it, but don't miss," replied Trixi. Pete looked through his scope, took a breath and fired. 
	"Score!" He yelled. "Eight to go." The ship lurched and he lost his balance, almost falling over the rail as the attacking vessel fired magnetic clamps and attached them to the ship, pulling themselves right alongside.
	"Fuck," he said as he looked down through the spray. "Did anyone bring any grenades?" There was silence over the tannoy. 	"I'll take that as a no then shall I?" he said, chuckling to himself.
	"Looks like we're going hand-to-hand," said Trixi as she jumped down to the deck. She shouted back up to Dan. "Give us a soundtrack."
	“Yes Ma'am."
	Trixi stood on deck, watching intently for their adversaries to join her, as Dan reluctantly obliged her request. He'd spent weeks collating the impressive collection of music his flash drive housed. If it got fucked up, he'd definitely be having words with the Captain.
	As if on demand, the bad guys arrived.
	"We have you covered Ma'am," shouted K.
	"Seconded," said JD.
	"And it looks like I make it thrice over Ma'am," said Pete.
	"Good," replied Trixi. "Where's Lemmy?"
	"Up on the bridge with me Ma'am," said Dan.
	"Keep her there," before Dan could stop her, Lemmy had dropped down to the deck to help her elder sister, both of them were circling the opposition. They were big guys, both at least six feet in height and incredibly muscled. They were wearing balaclavas and jeans, nothing on the top, obviously hoping that the two girls would be intimidated by their impressive physiques.	One of them ran at Trixi, and she side stepped whilst dropping to the floor and wrapping her feet around his left ankle, bringing him heavily down. She flipped herself up and kicked him in the side of his head, knocking him unconscious. Lemmy hadn't taken her eyes off the second guy, who ran at her. As he did so she leapt into the air, and landing on his shoulders she snapped his neck with her thighs. She hopped off before the guy hit the floor, and winked at Trixi. The remaining six men had just seen what had happened to their comrades at the hands of two little girls and all approached at once. It was a bloodbath. They stood absolutely no chance. It took at most three minutes for Trixi and Lemmy to dispatch all six, and neither of them were out of breath.
	"Have you left any alive?" asked K, as she too landed on the deck.
	"Those two over there." Trixi pointed towards the only two left breathing.
	"May I?"
	"Be my guest," replied Trixi, and K walked over to them, and shot them both stone dead.
	"I can't be seen as the only woman on board who didn't kill anyone today, now can I?" She said with a smile. The rest of the crew joined the three girls on deck.
	"OK, now please remind us not to piss any of you off," said JD.
	"Don't worry babe," said K as she jumped on JD. "We like you."
	The crew of the Reaper took the previously pirate vessel back to port, with the bodies of all Nine Masked Men as evidence of a job well done. As they alighted they were greeted by Counsellor Mellor.
	"The pirates?" he questioned. Dan pointed back to the boat.
	"That's their ship and you'll find them all on board, in various stages of deadness," he replied.
	"Thank you all so much," said Mellor, shaking each of them by the hand. "You will find your ship has already been stocked to the brim, you have done us a huge favour as we have you. Our business is done." With that Mellor turned and hurried away. The crew waited until he was out of sight before moving. 
	"Did that seem weird to anyone else," said Dan, lighting a cigarette. "Or was it just me?"
	"You’re right mate, that was weird," replied Pete. "But what d'you say we make like a tree?"
	"Sounds like a plan to me," said Trixi as she led the way back to the Reaper.

***

	Dan sat in the pilot’s seat, with Pete at the navigation computer. Both men were satisfied with the days work, although neither wanted to admit that had it not been for the girls, there may well have been a slightly different outcome.
	"Everybody ready?" asked Dan over the com.
	"That we are," replied Trixi. "We're stocked to the brim just like he said, lets get out of here, I still don't like it."
	"Hold on, we've got an incoming message," said Dan as he fired up the Reaper. "It's Planetary Parliament, we've been fucked."

***

	On board the Helder, Jenkins smiled. Thanks to swift action by his contacts on Libertas, he had found the Reaper, and with it the Svensson sisters.
	"This is Jenkins, Captain of the P.A. Helder," Jenkins said as calmly as he could over an open frequency. He and his crew had been chasing the Svensson sisters for months, and he hated being out of his own time. "Just hand over the girls, and we can all be on our merry way." He turned off the microphone and spoke to Roberts. "Take us down."
	"Yes Sir," replied Roberts, who promptly did as he was told.
	"Your ship has been temporarily immobilised, lack of co-operation would be ill advised."
	On board the Reaper, Pete and K were frantically trying to break the lock code.
	"Dan, can you buy us some time?"
	"I can try mate, but all systems are down." Dan replied. "So until you two get your arses in gear my hands are tied.
	"I've got it," yelled K. "They haven't locked anything except the Half-Light, I just need to rewire a few things and..." she tailed off. "There, Dan start her up." Dan did so, and didn't waste any time getting the Reaper off the ground. The Helder gave chase, firing almost constantly.
	"K where have they locked the Half-Light to?" asked Trixi.
	"From what I can make out, Inner Ring somewhere. Just give me a few seconds and I'll be able to tell you."
	"Sir, they're getting ready to jump," said Roberts.
	"I see that Roberts," replied Jenkins. "No matter, we have a tracking device on board now; they won't be able to give us the slip. Wherever they go, we'll catch them."
	"Yes Sir."
	"Talk to me K," yelled Trixi.
	"We're going to Omega."
	"That's the fucking asylum planet," said Dan. "A world fulla' crazies." K engaged the Half-Light and they disappeared, instantly arriving in orbit around Omega.
	Someone, or something, was watching.

***

	"Well Roberts, where are they?" asked Jenkins.
	"Inner Ring Sir, orbiting Omega, and they appear to be stationary."
	"Get on the com, I want the entire crew of that vessel detained until we arrive."

***

	"Why aren't we moving?" Trixi asked no one in particular.
	"Well Ma'am that's the thing," began JD. "The engines appear to be dead."
	"OK, just tell me that life support is up and running and we'll go from there."
	"It is," said K. "Only on back up though. I can't work out what’s wrong."
	"Well work it out, I don't like us being stranded."
	"Yes Ma'am."
	Trixi was frantic with worry. She couldn't get her head around what was going on, in the heat of the moment things seemed so clear, and yet when she took time out to take stock of the world around her, the edges grew fuzzy and she couldn't quite focus on any particular thought.

***

	"There is a crew en route to pick them up Sir," said Roberts.
	"Good," replied Jenkins. Today was turning out better then he had expected, although things had not gone exactly to plan he didn't really have that much to complain about. The bacon sandwich he had eaten earlier was beginning to repeat on him though. He'd have to keep an eye on that.

***

	"Got it!" yelled K. Her shout could be heard all over the Reaper, with or without the com. Trixi arrived, breathless in the engine room.
	"What is it K?" she asked.
	"This." K held a very small motherboard in the palm of her hand. "This was connected to the engine. It's a tracking device that's set to disable any system it's attached to as soon as it's activated.”
	"So they waited for us to make the jump, and then remote activated the tracker?"
	"Pretty much, yeah," replied K, looking very pleased with herself.
	"Guys, we have a problem." It was Pete over the com.
	"Go ahead," said Trixi.
	"We have fifteen, maybe twenty PPs raining down on us." Trixi turned to K.
	"Is everything operational?" she asked.
	Engines and life support are a go," she paused. "But we have no Half-Light."
	"OK, Pete take us down, we're gonna' have to lose them down there somewhere," Trixi barked. "K, I want my Half-Light up and running." Pete did as he was told, and hurriedly took the Reaper down towards the wild landscape of Omega.

***

	Jenkins' videophone beeped into life to alert him of a call coming through. He excused himself from the bridge, and made his way to his quarters.
	"Jenkins."
	"Yes Sir."
	"I have just received word of your inevitable success."
	"Yes Sir." Jenkins stared blankly at the screen.
	"I want to ensure nothing goes wrong," the speaker paused, for effect more than anything. "I am sending two of my personal guard to aid you in the successful capture of the Svensson sisters, just to ensure things run smoothly you understand."
	"Yes Sir." Jenkins was frozen to the spot. He hated speaking to him, and usually went to great lengths to avoid doing so, but sometimes he just had to suck it up and make an effort. He always made him feel so small, so inadequate, and so worthless. It was as if he was already inside his head, trying to pry his thoughts free.
	"Sir, I think you're going to want to see this." Roberts came through on the com. Jenkins excused himself, and hurriedly made his way to the bridge.
	"What is it Roberts?" Jenkins asked, relieved to be elsewhere.
	"There's another ship appeared in orbit around Omega."
	"So," said Jenkins. "What's your point?"
	"The call sign of the new vessel is almost exactly the same as that of the ship we're chasing,"
	Roberts and his Captain watched helplessly as the new ship single handed took out all the Parliament vessels giving chase to the Reaper. Then just as quickly as it had appeared on radar the ship was gone, completely vanished.
	"Would you like to tell me what the Hell just happened?!" screamed Jenkins. Roberts gave no response; instead he simply shrugged as he was as much in the dark as his Captain.

***

	"What the fuck happened there?" Dan shouted to Pete.
	"You got me mate, but did you notice anything familiar about that ship?"
	"What the fuck happened there?" Dan repeated again.
	"It was us," said Trixi as she arrived on the Bridge. "The call signs match, the only difference is the date."
	"Well... have we gone?" asked Dan, a little calmer after something of an explanation, albeit one that made absolutely no sense whatsoever.
	"I think so," replied Trixi. "Either gone, or very heavily cloaked. Besides that's for the best. I'm sure it can't be a good idea to influence our own past and future by communicating with them. I'm almost certain that they... we took a huge risk coming back from wherever we were to aid ourselves in such a way."
	"Do you still want us to go down Ma'am?" Dan asked.
	"Yeah I think so." Trixi didn't really want to, she'd heard the stories about Omega same as everyone else. She was also a little concerned about something that had been said earlier. The two girls Jenkins had referred to were herself and Lemmy, she was certain of that. What was confusing her was why he wanted them. "But we should make it as brief as possible, I don't want to be down there any longer than necessary. We'll fix ourselves up and be on our way."

***

	The Reaper grew ever closer to the surface of Omega. None of the crew had ever had any remote desire to visit this planet, but they had little choice as the Reaper was in desperate need of repair, a task that would be easier if the ship were on the ground. The surface of Omega was unlike any planet they had visited. It was almost all a huge mountain range, and had the weather systems to go with the terrain.
	"I want a close perimeter set up," ordered Trixi. "No more than twenty feet from the ship, and keep in constant contact. K, can you manage the repairs yourself?"
	"I should think so," replied K.
	"What time scale are we looking at?"
	"Four hours at the most Ma'am."
	"Good, but that's still four hours too long in a place like this," Trixi turned to the rest of her crew. "OK guys, are we ready?" There was a mumble of malcontent from Dan. "I'm sorry Dan, what was that?"
	"Nothing Ma'am, raring to go," he replied sarcastically.
	"Glad to hear it, now all of you remember, twenty feet and not an inch more."
	The crew exited the Reaper via the cargo bay, and it was a good job they had wrapped up warm as an icy gust of wind swept up the ramp as they touched down on the planet's surface.
	"Fuck me, it's cold," shouted Dan over the howling gale.
	"You got that right mate." Pete's shout matched that of Dan. "You OK, Lemmy?"
	"Fine," she replied. "Stay close to me though." Pete was happy to oblige, he didn't fancy being caught out in the cold on his own either.
	A couple of hours passed by, during which there were various yelled conversations about anything and everything other than the one thing that no one wanted to be the first to mention.
	"So these genetic experiments?" JD couldn't help himself. He knew that the topic was on the tip of everyone else’s tongue as well.
	"No!" Trixi yelled. "Not out here, let’s get off the ground first."
	"I'm sure I just saw something," Dan shouted.
	"Saw what?" Yelled Trixi, rushing over to Dan.
	"I'm not sure, it was only for a second, you know?"
	"Eyes open guys, we might not be as alone here as we'd like." Dan checked that his P-90 was locked and loaded. He knew it was as he'd done it himself, but one never could be too careful.

***

	Visibility was thirty feet at the most. In the swirling blizzard surrounding their perimeter, things certainly were there. Not things that you could name, countless genetic experiments had seen to that. Soulless and unfeeling, more creatures than man. The cold meant nothing to them; their nerve endings had long been non-existent.
	"Guys I'm done." K shouted down the ramp.
"Everyone back on board, now!" Trixi yelled. She as much as anyone didn't want to stay outside any longer than she had to. " JD would you be so good as to get us off the ground?"
	"Yes mate, get us the fuck outta' here," Dan made his contribution. JD lifted off as the cargo ramp ascended to its rightful place. If you'd been standing down there on Omega as the Reaper took off, you might well have noticed, just for a second a shadow flicker over the ramp.
	"How long until we're out of atmo?" asked Trixi, lighting a cigarette.
	"Three minutes, it's rough as fuck out there," replied Pete. Trixi threw him a cigarette, which he lit and took a long, relaxing drag.
	"Not wanting to break the mood," said Dan as he looked at the scanners. "But I think we've picked up a hitch-hiker. I'm picking up seven life signs, and there are only six of us."
	"Where?"
	"Well there's our four in here, K's in the engine room but I'm picking up two in the cargo bay. It's down there with Lemmy."
	"We need to flush it," said Pete, a hint of urgency in his voice.
	"Not with Lemmy in there we can't," replied Trixi. She spoke into the com. "Lemmy, get out of the cargo bay now, seal the door behind you."
	"Say again please," came the reply. "You're breaking up.” 
	"It must be this atmo fucking with the radio signals," said Dan. "I'll go." He got up and ran towards the cargo bay. Halfway there he heard the scream and doubled his pace, which is impressive when you consider he was already sprinting. Dan arrived in the cargo bay to see Lemmy standing over the decapitated body of a huge creature. It was vaguely human shaped, but its body had been deformed by experiments, and then by the elements out in the wilds of Omega. 
	"What the..?" Dan was speechless.
	"He wasn't really up for the fight," Lemmy explained, her face and torso coated with blood. 
	"Tough shit though, right?" asked Dan, finding his tongue again. Lemmy just smiled, and wandered off. He watched her go, shaking his head. Once she was gone he slung the headless body over his shoulder and with the creature's head in hand he made his way as quickly as he could to the nearest airlock, and flung his mutated cargo inside before he clicked the locking mechanism into place. He then hit the button beside the door and the airlock opened up to the thin atmosphere outside, the rushing air dragging the creature from the vessel. He turned away, rubbing his hands together to signify a job well done as the airlocks exterior doors slid silently closed.


Chapter Six
Cocked, Locked, & Ready to Rock


	"Run the scan again JD," ordered Trixi.
	"This'll be the fourth time you realise?" he replied, agitation clear in his voice.
	"I don't care! We'll scan twenty times if we need to. I want to be certain we don't have another hitch-hiker."
	"Yes Ma'am," JD reluctantly began the scan again. He knew for sure there was nothing else on board, he'd calibrated the scanners himself but on the other hand Trixi was right, better to be safe than eaten alive by fuck knows what.
	"Hey you guys," K shouted over the com from the cargo bay. "You might want to check this out." Dan arrived down in the cargo bay first and was greeted with an awesome sight. K had built a tank, and a tank it was indeed. Completely armour plated and with more cannons mounted on the top and around the sides than any self-respecting tank should have. He let out a low whistle of approval as he stared at the impressive machine.
	They were soon joined by everyone else, apart from JD who was scanning yet again at Trixi's request. The general consensus was that the tank got a definite thumbs up. It was incredibly roomy inside with stations for all, and even had a coffee percolator included. "We should get a top speed of about eighty miles per hour, and she runs on hydrogen just like the Reaper."
	"I'm impressed K I have to say," said Trixi. "You do like your toys I'll give you that!" She winked, a gesture only noticed by its intended recipient.
	"Thank you Ma'am," replied K, smugly. "Any chance of giving her a test drive?"
	"I think that can be arranged," replied Trixi. "JD, aren't we headed back towards Prima?"
	"Yes Ma'am," JD spoke over the com. "Only a day or so out now."
	"Thanks JD," replied Trixi. "You can give her a test drive when we hit Prima," she said as she turned back to K.
	"Sounds good to me," she replied excitedly.
	"So how about a coffee?" 

***

	Jenkins sluggishly walked to the bridge. He had been summoned by him, and he was sure that whatever the reason for his summons, he wasn't going to enjoy it. 
	"Ah, Jenkins," he said, over the videophone. "How good of you to join us."
	"Sir," replied Jenkins, with even less zest than usual.
	"Roberts here has been filling me in, he seems to think that you are," he paused. "Now how did you put it, Roberts?"
	"As useful as a cock flavoured lollipop, Sir."
	Jenkins shot Roberts a look that would have scared limescale out of a kettle.
	"Ah yes that’s right," he started again. "Roberts here seems to think that you are as useful as a cock flavoured lollipop," he paused yet again. "I'm afraid to say, Jenkins that I find myself inclined to agree with our friend Roberts here. He has many fresh ideas, and says that he finds your methods outdated and offensive."
	"Sir." He glanced at Roberts, hoping he might find support or at the very least, sympathy from his subordinate. It was however, a futile hope.
	"Do you have anything to say for yourself, Jenkins?" he asked.
	"Is there anything I can say that won't result in my being flushed?"
	"No Jenkins, there is not."

***

	"We're coming into orbit around Prima Ma'am," said JD. "But I'm picking up something very strange."
	"What's that JD?" Trixi asked.
	"Well as you know me and Dan lived on Prima for the better part of four years."
	“Yes,” she replied, although the tone of the single syllable indicated to JD that he'd asked a ridiculously stupid question and she could just as easily have said, “Duh,” or something similar.
	"Well I gotta' tell you Ma'am, I don't ever remember there being a settlement that size on Prima."
	JD was right. As Trixi looked at the scanner in disbelief, a huge city unfolded before her very eyes.
	"We are on the correct time line, aren't we?"
	"Yes Ma'am," replied JD.
	"OK, just making sure," she said. "I guess we'd better check it out then, eh?"
	"You know, I was almost certain you'd say that," said JD with a little chuckle.

***

	Lefoile, Chief Guard of Outpost Seventeen, was bored. The Cult had arrived on Prima almost a year ago and he had to admit that for a bunch of religious nuts they had done all right for themselves. They had taken the tiny hamlet of Two Rivers and turned it into a thriving Metropolis, and it worked. As long as people minded their own business, and obeyed the laws laid down by the Priests everything ran like clockwork.
	Of course there were those who rebelled against the Priest's rule, not wanting to submit to a God in whom they didn't believe. On the whole, people found the need for imaginary friends stopped at puberty. Of course those who took part in any kind of rebellion were put down immediately, usually by beheading. The Priests believed the flesh of non-believers to be sacred, and they would drain the body completely of blood before eating the flesh. They said that by absorbing the blood and the flesh, they were absolving non-believers of their sins.
	Lefoile privately thought that this practice was insane, he saw no logical reason how you could base a religion around vampirism and cannibalism, but who was he to argue? The Great God himself had spoken to the High Priest and told him that this was the way, and who was Lefoile to argue with the Great God?
	Before Two Rivers had become such a metropolis, Prima had a nice spread of population but now there were very few people who lived and worked anywhere else but Two Rivers. The city was divided into three sections, and one would find it impossible to enter another section without the correct paperwork. The Priests of course had free rein, but mostly they were to be found in the Central District, with architecture that would go down in history, and only the most important businesses.
	Travel out in any direction from the Central District, and one would find  oneself in the Business District. Anyone who was anyone aspired to live there, it was said that the area was equivalent in beauty and standing to twentieth century Paris, although of course nobody was entirely sure.
	Once across the Business District, and across the Great River, was the Poor District, but poor didn't really cover it. The shanties around Sao Paolo had more class then the Poor District.
	Lefoile was playing Solitaire with half a deck of beer-soaked cards when he happened to glance at the scanner. It was only then that he noticed a vessel entering Primian airspace. He picked up his radio.
	"This is Outpost Seventeen, we have a bogey in sector four."
	"We hear you Outpost Seventeen, is any immediate threat posed? Over."
	"That is unclear, repeat that is unclear. Advise defences activated, over."
	"Copy that Seventeen, keep us informed, out."

***

	"Put us down over there JD," Trixi said, pointing to an outcrop of rocks a mile or so outside the city limits.
	"Yes Ma'am," replied JD. "Is K ready?"
	"Pretty much, she's got Dan down there helping her."
	"I don't recognise this place you know," said JD.
	"Neither do I," replied Trixi. "We're gonna' have to be careful while we're down there."
	Within minutes the Reaper was on the ground hidden from sight by what turned out to be a small canyon. Soon enough the entire crew was down in the cargo bay.
	“We ready then?” K asked.
	"I reckon so," replied Dan. "Well this is your baby K, give the order."
	"Alright guys, lets load up," said K, a huge smile on her face. "Pete, get the coffee on."
	"Yes boss," replied Pete, laughing.
	"Take her out K."
	"Yes Ma'am."

***

	"This is Outpost Seventeen, the Bogey has landed, over." Lefoile thought he had better keep his superiors informed.
	"Thank you Seventeen. We will send a team out shortly. Please entertain our guests, over and out." Lefoile signalled to his second in command.
	"You are in command until I return Hogswatt, I shall not be long."
	"Yes Sir," Hogswatt replied.
	"Newhead, come."
	"Yes Sir." Newhead put down his Rubix cube and followed Lefoile outside. It was a glorious day, almost eighty five degrees, with probably forty percent humidity. The Terra-Forming had taken well on Prima, having turned the planet into a tropical paradise. 
	"Would you like to drive, Newhead?" Lefoile asked.
	"Yes Sir," Newhead said with a huge grin on his face as he slid into the driver’s seat of the four-by-four. "Where are we going Sir?"
	"I'll direct you Newhead, you just concentrate on driving." After a few minutes Lefoile spoke again. "OK turn off the road here Newhead. We should be upon them at any moment."
	"I think we already found them, Sir," said Newhead, staring intently at the huge tank directly in front of them.
	"I think," began Lefoile. "That on this occasion, you may well be right," Lefoile and Newhead both exited their vehicle, and moved round to the front of the four by four, both lighting a cigarette as they did so.

***

	"Locals Ma'am," said JD, unnecessarily.
	"I can see that, thank you JD."
	"Shall we introduce them to Betty?" asked Dan.
	"Say again," said Trixi.
	"Betty," repeated Dan. "That's what I've called this rocket launcher."
	"OK, that makes more sense, but you don't half scare the crap outta' me sometimes," said Trixi. "No, we aren't gonna' introduce them to Betty, but we are going out there geared up." Dan and Pete both smiled as she said this. "And Pete..."
	"Yes Ma'am?"
	"Did you bring any grenades?"

***

	Moments later the crew had exited the Tank, and were facing Lefoile and Newhead. Dan lit a cigarette, as did Trixi.
	"I am Lefoile, Chief Guard of Outpost Seventeen," said Lefoile after an unbearable silence. "This is one of my junior officers, Newhead." Newhead nodded a greeting.
	"What's happened here?" asked Trixi. "We were on Prima not a year ago, and there was no city, and certainly no guards."
	"Well maybe if there had been guards, then the people of Prima would not have had to endure what can only be described as Hell for the past year."
	"I don't follow you," replied Trixi. Lefoile carefully checked the surrounding landscape to ensure there was no one listening, and then proceeded to describe exactly what had happened on Prima. When he had finished, he sighed and lit another cigarette.
	"Cannibals?" Dan said after a few moments, his voice soaked in disbelief. "Tastes like chicken, apparently, but that's sick as fuck!"
	Newhead and Lefoile both nodded.
	"We have to do something Ma'am, I mean this is mine and JD's home world, and I'm fucked if I'm having a group of drugged up priests running the place." To say Dan was angry would have been an understatement.
	"Are people happy?" asked Trixi, turning to Lefoile.
	"Happy would be the wrong word, but I suppose they are happy they aren't dead," replied Lefoile.
	"Great God my arse." Dan turned to Pete and K. "Get your grenades, K's gonna' drive us and we're gonna' take Prima back from these nut-jobs." Dan glanced at Trixi, who nodded in agreement.
	"What do I tell the military unit coming to pick you up?" asked Lefoile.
	"You'll think of something," replied Trixi.
	“Tell them you got hungry and ate us," shouted K. With that, the crew of the Reaper set off in K's tank.

***

	"Have you got your eyes on those scanners Lemmy?" asked Trixi of her younger sibling.
	"Yes Ma'am, I guess the cloak's working, cos they don't seem to care that we're driving straight for them."
	"Good," replied Trixi. "Dan how's Betty?"
	"Betty's ready Ma'am, you just give me the word."
	"Well I don't think we need that guard house there, or that barricade do you?"
	"No Ma'am," replied Dan with a smile, raising his torso through the open hatch atop the tank. He aimed Betty at the barricade and pulled back on her trigger. When the smoke cleared, the barricade was no more, and there was no sign of the guard house other than a pile of smoking rubble. "Fuck me!" yelled Dan, stroking Betty as one would a lover. "I think I'm in love."
	"OK guys, now according to the info Lefoile gave us, we should be entering the Poor District, he says it'll take us an hour to cross. Pete I want you and Lemmy to man the machine guns. I don't want to risk anyone hijacking, so shoot to kill, alright?"

***

	Twenty minutes or so passed without incident, before K spoke up. "What's that up ahead?" she asked.
	"Looks like a patrol, I make it four vehicles," replied Trixi. "You guys know what to do." Pete and Lemmy let of short bursts of machine gun fire, but they didn't seem to have any effect on the oncoming patrol. "Dan you'd better clear us a path."
	"Yes Ma'am," said Dan, as he stroked Betty's controls before firing. "K you did well girl, this gun's fucking awesome."
	"Thanks dude," replied K.
	"OK, onward," ordered Trixi. "Can we pick the pace up a little K, I'm getting hungry and fancy deep-frying me a couple of priests."
	"Yes Ma'am," replied K to the soundtrack of complete and total agreement. "We have another barricade coming up," she said a few moments later.
	"Plough straight through it," said Trixi. "Let’s see how good this tank really is." K put her foot to the floor and smiled as her creation got through completely unscathed, and without breaking speed at all.
	"We're almost at top speed Ma'am, in the Business District now."
	"OK well this won't take us long at all," replied Trixi. "We'll be in the Central District in no time." Trixi was right. Soon enough, the tank was parked outside what was signposted as 'The Holy House of The Great God'.
	"Are we taking prisoners, Ma'am," asked Dan.
	"Hell no, shoot to kill same as before," replied Trixi. "Right, teams of two. First one to kill the High Priest wins. Sound good?"
	"Fuckinay," shouted Dan. "Come on Pete, I'll race you but bring your fucking grenades." 
	"Give me credit buddy," began Pete. "Like I'd forget that shit."

***

	They entered the Holy House, Pete and Dan went forwards, JD and K went left, Trixi and Lemmy to the right.
	"Radio contact guys, every ten minutes."
	"Yes Ma'am." 
	"You OK Lemmy?" Trixi asked when they were alone.
"I'm fine Ma'am, just want to get this over with."
	"I hear you." replied Trixi. She so badly wanted to broach the subject with Lemmy that she was in fact Janey, and her sister at that. The timing was never right though. "Let’s go."
	They made their way down corridors, hiding in doorways taking down the opposition as stealthily as possible. The two girls lost count of how many soldiers lay dead at their hands.
	"This is starting to feel familiar," said Lemmy after a while.
	"You're right, I think we're going round in circles," Trixi fumbled for her radio. "Guys, how we doing?"
	"There are hundreds of the bastards, every time we score a kill ten more seem to appear," said JD.
	"We're under heavy fire," Dan's voice came over the radio. "Pete's taken a hit; I don't think it's too bad though."
	"Well be careful," replied Trixi. "Hold your position until one of us gets there."
	"I'm OK to continue Ma'am. Besides I got my grenades," said Pete, with obvious pain in his voice.
	"If you die, I'll fucking kill you."
	"I hear that!" replied Pete, trying not to laugh.

***

	Dan was in his element, he couldn't remember having this much fun with his clothes on. 
	"We ain't got that far to go now man, I'm sure of it," he yelled to Pete over the deafening sound of machine gun fire. "Do us a favour mate and lob a grenade down to the end of that corridor." Pete obliged, but Dan couldn't help but notice the strain that the action put on Pete's body. "We'll get you fixed up mate, you'll see."
	"Thanks mate," Pete smiled. "Let's crack on, yeah?" The two of them hurried down the corridor, stepping over dismembered bodies and avoiding pools of blood. At the end of the corridor was a sharp left hand turn, and they were met by a set of huge double doors, at least forty feet high.
	"I think we've found the High Priest hidey-hole, Ma'am," Pete said over the radio. "Can you get a lock on our position?"
	"We're directly below you," K's voice came loud and clear over the radio. "Stay put and we'll be with you in a few minutes.”
	"No worries," replied Pete. "How's JD?"
	"He's still with me," replied K, laughing.
	"Pete, me and Lemmy are coming up behind you now, so whatever you do hold your fire!"
	"Yes Ma'am," replied Pete. Although Pete and Dan held, they trained their machine guns back the way they had come, just in case. Sure enough Trixi and Lemmy appeared moments later, much to the delight of Pete and Dan.
	"Good to see you Ma'am," said Dan.
	"Well, we are very, very pretty," joked Trixi, turning to Pete. "You OK?"
	"Just a flesh wound Ma'am, hurts like hell though."
	"It looks kinda painful," replied Trixi, staring intently at the huge gash in Pete's abdomen. Before she could do or say anything else, Lemmy pushed past her and knelt down beside Pete. She looked down at him, meeting his gaze.
	"Now relax, this might hurt," she said, as she pushed down on the wound. Pete yelped in pain, but the pain was short-lived. "How's that?" Lemmy asked. Pete looked at his wound, or rather his lack of wound.
	"How did you...?" Pete tailed off.
	"Now," began Dan, turning to Trixi with his eyebrow raised. "That's new."
	Trixi shook off the shock quicker than the rest, as K and JD walked around the corner. 
	"What did we miss?" asked JD.
	"We'll fill you in later," replied Trixi. "Are we gonna get these doors open?" As if by magic, the heavy doors swung open without a sound.
	“Ali fucking Baba, or some shit,” Dan muttered.
	The six entered the room, which was smaller then they imagined. In the centre of the room were Lefoile and Newhead, tied to a pillar. On either side of the room were two huge desks, far too big for the room and they looked completely out of place. Behind each desk sat a High Priest.
	"Ah," one of the High Priests spoke. "You must be Trixi," He didn't give her a chance to respond; instead his opposite number continued speaking for him.
	"We have been waiting for your return nigh on a year."
	"You remember us, yes?"
	'The Chosen One Must Die... The Chosen On Must Die...'
	Trixi shook her head, and focused on the two priests. She nodded, slowly.
	"We're glad you remember us, you were stolen from under our very noses back on that poor excuse for a moon, now what was the name of that moon?" The Priest fumbled in his brain trying to remember the name.
	"Gamma Twelve." The words escaped before Trixi had a chance to hold them back.
	"That's right, yes," the Priests continued. "Gamma Twelve." They looked towards Lefoile and Newhead, as if noticing them for the first time. "Now we have guards stationed outside this very room, if you and your friends behave we will find no cause to call them in. They do cause a ruckus when they are summoned, we're sorry to say."
	"What exactly is it that you... we.... both of you, want?" asked Trixi.
	"We want nothing but that which is already ours," The High Priests spoke in unison.
	"Is that what you said to the people of Prima?" Dan shouted. "You've made slaves out of most, and eaten everyone else."
	"Yes, we have," again the High Priests spoke in unison.
	"So right now you want what, exactly?" Trixi asked again.
	"You, and through you... your siblings." The High Priests paused a moment to let this sink in. "As we understand it if we have one the rest are certain to follow." Pete and Dan threw each other a confused glance.
	"But why?" asked Trixi.
	"There are four of you, yes?"
	"Yes."
	"The four of you represent each corner of the universe, you posses untold power which you do not know how to wield, however we can teach you how to wield this power. You will be our weapons in the inevitable war."
	"What war?" 
	"You do not think that when mankind settled in this system that it was empty, do you? Mankind awoke something of untold power and aggression. We need something of great power in order to fight back, else we have no hope." The Priests weren't really speaking any more. It was more like they were being spoken through.
	"What did mankind awake?" Trixi asked.
	"It..."
	"What is 'it'?" 
	"We cannot speak it's name."
	"Speak it!"
	"We cannot." Trixi turned.
	"Dan?"
	"Thought you'd never ask Ma'am, these guys are freaking me the fuck out." Dan opened fire, killing both High Priests, but he didn't stop. He wanted to ensure that they weren't going to get back up again. K and Lemmy ran over to Lefoile and Newhead, and began to untie them.
	"But... you killed the High Priests," Lefoile couldn't hide his excitement.
	"I'm thinking, Ma'am," said Pete.
	"You want to' watch that," Trixi joked. "Go on."
	"Well we could always set up a base of operations here on Prima. I mean it's not that I don't like travelling aimlessly through space, but if those priest guys were right then it'd do us good to have a place to call home."
	"What do you think, Lefoile?" asked Trixi. "Would we be welcome here?"
	"After what you six have just done?" yelled Lefoile, he couldn't keep his voice down. Despite the fact the walls and floor of the room were coated in the blood of those who until moments ago ruled, he was incredibly cheery. "You stood against the High Priests and still you stand tall, you will always be welcome here."
	"Then I think, Pete, that it's a damn good idea."

***

	"No, wait I'm confused," JD shouted across the central table. The crew of the Reaper were sat in the former High Priests' Chamber, having redecorated somewhat. Instead of the two tables on either side, and the stake in the centre there was now a huge round table around which they were sat.
	"About what?" Trixi asked, perplexed. "We've gone over everything, what is there you can possibly not understand?"
	"Well for a start, everything," replied JD. "There ain't a whole lot of this that makes sense. I mean we got Lemmy wielding the power of some holy saviour. We have the dead priests who reckon that you and Lemmy along with your two sisters are some god-like weapon, and apparently we've awoken some big nasty from its eternal slumber." JD paused for breath. "Oh and by the way, where are your other sisters?"
	"I don't know," replied Trixi. "Listen JD I know it's a lot to take in, but remember everyone else is in the same boat. Lemmy doesn't even remember anything about what happened." At this point Lemmy shook her head in agreement. "We need to focus on what we know, or at least what we think we know."
	"Well I can't see the six of us standing up to whatever it is that's coming," said Pete, calmly. "We're gonna' need help."
	"Who the Hell are we gonna' call?" Dan butted in, a cigarette smoking, resting between his lips. "We're the guys that help people out, not the other way around."
	"We'll think of something," said Trixi. "Right now we need to help out rebuilding Two Rivers. Apparently people want to stay here, they think we're able to protect them, so we gotta' do what we can."

***

	And they did indeed set about the task of rebuilding Two Rivers, setting up what they hoped to be impenetrable defences, and advising the newly instated local authorities on pretty much everything. At the request of Jefferson Plank, Mayor of Two Rivers, Trixi was appointed head of security and given free reign to act in such a capacity as she saw fit. She started by recruiting a small army, who would be trained by herself and Pete, her second in command. K was given a workshop and a small team of amateur engineers, and Dan and JD would train pilots. This left Lemmy pretty much to her own devices so she flitted here and there, helping out where she could with the rebuilding project.
	It wasn't until the six of them were sat round the table once more a couple of weeks later that Lemmy asked the question that they had all seemingly forgotten about.
	"Guys," she began. "When we saved ourselves in orbit around Omega, what was the call sign of the second Reaper?" The colour drained from five faces in unison. 
	"Fuck," said Dan, the first to speak as was so often the case. "It's today." No one moved or spoke for almost five minutes, and then as one they ran, scrambling across tables and overturned chairs in their efforts to reach the Reaper.
	"I can't believe we almost missed this," shouted Pete, breathless.
	"I'm sure it wouldn't have been a good thing for us to miss it though," agreed K, smiling as she passed JD as the latter hurried onto the bridge. She turned to check out his arse as he took up his usual pilot's chair and hurried through his pre-flight checks as Trixi passed him a lit cigarette.
	"Yeah I might need this," he smiled. "Thanks."
	"No worries," replied Trixi. "I need you calm JD, are you calm?"
	"Yes Ma'am," he said. "You got the co-ordinates ready Pete?"
	"Yes mate, all we need is the word from K." With that, the Reaper lifted off from the surface of Prima, and sped out of atmosphere.
	"Lemmy, Dan," said Trixi. "Are you two ready on the guns?"
	"Yes Ma'am," came the reply.
	"Good, now if I remember rightly, we come in behind the attacking ships so give no quarter, we have to be in and out as quick as we can."
	"Yes Ma'am."
	"Ready when you are guys," K shouted from the engine room.
	"OK," said Pete. "We are go."

***

	The Reaper vanished, and was instantly transported into orbit around Omega.
	"Fire at will guys," ordered Trixi as her screens filled with multiple contacts.
	"That's one thing you don't have to worry about Ma'am," replied Dan, laughing. "Have it you bastards." Both Dan and Lemmy fired, locking onto target after target. "Aim for the fuel tanks Lemmy," shouted Dan, only to realise that Lemmy already was doing so and already had more kills than he did.
	"Whoa, shit!" JD wrestled with the controls. "That was too close."
	"Guys there’s one left and they've locked onto the Reaper," Pete yelled. "Take them down, now!" And they did, before the attacking ship had a chance to utilise its lock, Dan locked onto the fuel tank and fired, round after round hammered into the side of the huge vessel, before it silently exploded.
	“Get us out of here," Trixi shouted. "K, Pete, you both ready?"
	"Way ahead of you Ma'am," replied K. "Co-ordinates locked, and now."

***

	They found themselves back in orbit around Prima, all breathless from the previous few minutes' work.
	"Everything read OK?" asked Trixi.
	"Yes Ma'am, however we may have a problem."
	"Problem?" Trixi repeated the word.
	"I'm picking something up; it's distant and might not pose a problem, yet."
	"Well how long do we have?"
	"A week, maybe two," replied Pete. "I picked it up on the long range scanners."
	"What is it?" Trixi asked.
	"Ah," replied Pete. "I'm not exactly sure."

***

	Far away in the belt of asteroids and space debris that circled Mankind's new galactic home, something had indeed awoken. Something that had slept for a very, very long time. It had made its home at the very edge of the system countless millennia ago and had seen off many attempts by various species to colonise its corner of the universe. It had known of Mankind's inhabitation as soon as Mankind had arrived, however it had been caught unawares. Now it'd had time to gather its thoughts and forces, and was prepared for all out war. A war that had been predicted, a war that Mankind could only hope to prevail. An apocalyptic war.

***

	"Do we have a heading, Sir?" Armstrong asked.
	"We do," replied Roberts, Captain of the PPS Helder. "We are to head to Prima."
	"Prima, Sir?"
	"That is correct Armstrong," Roberts replied with the patience of a man who has had to bide his time for far too long. "I am going to succeed where my predecessor failed."
	"Jenkins, Sir?" 
	"That is correct Armstrong," Roberts repeated. Even the fact he was surrounded by imbeciles could not detract from what he was certain would be a glorious victory, and no doubt the promotion to go with it. "I am going to capture the Svensson sisters single handed."
	"Pardon my impudence Sir," began Armstrong. "I don't understand. The Priests are no more, so for what reason do we need the Svensson sisters?"
	"I'm glad you asked Armstrong," said Roberts, a wry smile creeping across his face. "The High Priests of the Great God were not the only beings capable of controlling great power."
	"I see, Sir,” Armstrong replied. He really did not see at all, but he thought it best to remain silent, and see how things played out.

***

	"Should we strengthen our defences, Ma'am?" asked Pete. They had landed two hours ago and were once more sat around their huge table, discussing matters over a drink and a smoke.
	"I'm not sure what else we can do," replied Trixi. "Our defences are pretty strong, and we have a constant lock on whatever it is that's moving towards us," she paused. "It is still moving towards us, isn't it?" 
	"Yes Ma'am," replied Lemmy. "It's kinda slow though."
	"Well the slower it is the better that is for us."
	"I've got Betty primed and ready," said Dan. "This ain't gonna' have a chance, we're too strong."
	"Our unit is ready for action," said Pete. "I propose sending a welcome party out to meet this head on, see if we can't nip it in the bud before it even gets here."
	"Yes," said Trixi. "Do that. I'll leave you to organise that Pete whilst the rest of us will get our ground forces prepared.”


Chapter Seven
Surf 'n Turf To Go


	Trixi sat alone in her quarters. Things had been so hectic of late she hadn't been able to spend time alone with her thoughts. What had happened scared her. She had no idea what it meant and Lemmy couldn't even remember it happening, or so she said but Trixi wasn't so sure. She had her suspicions that Lemmy could indeed remember, but really didn't want to. And then there was what the High Priests had said about the four sisters. This also troubled Trixi, not least because she had no idea where her other two sisters were.
	She got up from her bunk and set off with a purpose, to find Lemmy. She found her poring over the scanner readings, trying to set things to an exact time scale.
	"Do you remember much about your life, Lemmy?" Trixi asked after a moment’s silence.
	"What do you mean?" replied Lemmy.
	"Well do you remember your parents, any brothers or sisters?" She wasn't really sure if she was broaching the subject in the right way, it's not like she wanted to scare the girl. “Do you remember anything that happened to you before you wound up on Prima with Dan and JD?”
	"No, not really." began Lemmy. "But I do sometimes dream about a family. It's like... it's someone else’s life. Always four sisters with no Mother, but a Father who loves and adores his daughters."
	"What happens in your dream?" Trixi asked, intrigued.
	"Usually nothing, but sometimes the sisters get separated because of a tragedy, but I don't know why or what happens after that." Trixi waited for a moment before speaking, having finally decided upon the correct course of action.
	"Come with me," she said.
	"Where are we going?" asked Lemmy.
	"You'll find out, just follow," and Lemmy did so. She followed the elder girl through the maze of rooms and corridors until Trixi found what she was looking for. "This'll do." Lemmy looked around. They were in a small room, but in spite of its size the ceiling was incredibly high.
	"Why are we here?" asked Lemmy, confused.
	"Sit with me," said Trixi, not answering Lemmy's question, at least not right away. The two girls sat opposite each other on the cold concrete floor. "OK, now I want you to do something for me."
	"What?"
	"I want you to concentrate on your dream."
	"The one with the four sisters?" Lemmy said.
	"Yes that's the one, I want you to concentrate as hard as you can." Trixi hoped this was going to work. "Close you mind to everything else apart from that dream." She waited as Lemmy took several deep breaths, and closed her eyes. "Can you see the sisters?"
	"I can see them, yes," replied Lemmy. "One of them looks like you... A lot like you." Trixi smiled, it was beginning to work.
	"Can you see all four?" Trixi asked.
	"Yes, they're sat out in a garden just talking."
	"Good, anything else?"
	"I hear a voice; it's their Father."
	"What does he say?"
	"He calls to them, he tells them to be careful, it's not safe." The look on Lemmy's face changed. No longer was she smiling, she looked concerned. "The one who looks like you is leaving, and the youngest one, she leaves as well." Trixi knew that the two girls that had left were herself and Lemmy.
	"Lemmy listen to me," began Trixi. "I want you to focus all you thoughts and energy onto the two remaining girls; can you do that for me?"
	"I can try," replied Lemmy reaching out and taking hold of Trixi's hands.
	"Concentrate for me." As she spoke a blinding, shimmering, beautiful light, surrounded the two girls. The light dissipated slowly and as Trixi opened her eyes still with her hands gripped in Lemmy's, there were no longer two girls in the room. There were four, sat in a rough circle upon the cold, concrete floor.

***

	"You guys all set?" asked Pete. He'd assembled a force of pilots twenty strong and they were preparing to fly out and meet the incoming threat head on. True enough he'd no idea what said threat might be, but that fact made little difference. Their world must be defended.
	"Yes Sir," the pilots replied in unison.
	"Good, that's what I like to hear." Pete changed the channel on his radio. "Dan we're heading out, think you guys can handle things here without me?"
	"Yes mate," came the reply. "Go kick some of that proverbial arse."
	The fleet took off. K had modified a fleet of fighter jets she had found in a hangar, and she was almost sure that they would be able to carry out the task in hand. She'd fitted them all with a lesser version of the Half-Light Drive. It wouldn't instantly transport them through space, but it would certainly make the journey much quicker. K's voice came over the radio.
	"Take it easy with those babies," she said. "and make sure you bring yourself home."
	"Don't worry," laughed Pete. "You got JD to look after you if shit goes south," he paused, a smile upon his face. "Leaving atmo now, keep us informed if it changes course."
	"Will do," replied K.

**

	En route to Prima, the Planetary Parliament Ship Helder was making good time, very good time indeed. Captain Roberts sat easily in the Captain's chair, his right having inherited the captaincy following the fool Jenkins' demise. Roberts was determined he would succeed where is predecessor failed so miserably, so many times. He had no idea why the Svensson girls were so important to those pulling the strings above him, nor did he care. He knew all too well that his success would be handsomely rewarded, and that was all Captain Roberts cared about. Those on the bridge scurried around, busying themselves with what he considered to be menial tasks, all trying with all their might to avoid eye contact with their Captain, most of them anyway. His second in command, Armstrong, seemed to be immune to whatever intimidating tactics he employed.
	"There is a small fleet of fighters heading straight for us Sir," said Armstrong, a look of slight confusion upon his face. "I don't understand though, we are heavily cloaked. Even their most powerful scanners should not have been able to pick us up."
	"Stay on course Armstrong," replied Roberts, dismissively. It seemed to him he really was surrounded by absolute idiots. Surely it was not difficult to carry out orders without his giving them. However that did not seem to be the case so with a sigh, Captain Roberts ordered, "keep us cloaked for as long as you can."
	"Yes Sir."

***

	"Ready to engage Half-Light," said Pete
	"Ready as we're going to be, boss." 
	"I recognise that voice," said Pete, shocked. "JD, what the fuck are you doing up here?"
	"I switched with one of your pilots mate," JD laughed. "Can't have you getting all the glory now, can we?"
	"Well I gotta' say I feel much better having you up here with me,” he replied, breathing a sigh of relief. As an afterthought he added, “no offence to you other guys of course."
	"None taken, Sir," the reply from one of the other pilots came over the radio.
	"But mate, what about K? She thinks you're safe and sound back down on Prima. She's gonna' go fucking ape shit."
	"Yeah I know, she'll not let me live this down," JD paused. "But hey no point dwelling on that, are we ready to engage?"
	"Yes indeed," replied Pete. "On my mark..." He waited. "...and mark." The fleet seemed to be suspended just for a moment, while the modified Half-Light Drives of the fleet searched for the path before sending twenty fighters speeding through space.

***

	"Trixi?" The voice was vaguely familiar; it belonged to one of her elder sisters.
	"Sara?"
	"Yes, it's me." 
	"Jemma?"
	"Trixi is that you?"
	"Yes," replied Trixi, not trying to hide the elation in her voice.
	"Janey?" The three girls looked at Lemmy.
	"Janey," Lemmy repeated. "Janey, for fuck's sake yes!" Lemmy smiled. "That's my fucking name." The four sisters shared an embrace, all grinning like mad bastards yet not one of them wanting to release the others, until finally Sara spoke.
	"Where are we?" she asked. "The last we knew, you and Janey had gone to talk to Father. Now we are all here in this strange place."
	"I have such a lot to tell you," said Trixi. "And I will do I promise, but right now we have work to do." Trixi stood up and her sisters followed suit, mirroring her steps as she made her way upstairs, before pulling up a chair at the round table. Trixi pushed a few buttons in front of her, and there appeared a 3-D display, a chart of Prima and the surrounding planets. While she worked, Trixi explained to her sisters what she and Lemmy had been through, and told of the as yet unknown impending threat.
	She looked around the table, meeting the gaze of each of her sisters. She couldn't quite place it but she could feel electricity running through her body, and it was making her uncomfortable. It appeared to her as though the odd feeling was shared, as her three siblings also looked slightly uncomfortable.
	As one they placed the palms of their hands in front of them on the table, each staring directly into its centre. The electricity flowing through each grew, and although their hands remained stationary their bodies began to contort, as if they had no control. The temperature began to rise and Trixi's vision blurred, and before she knew what was what everything she saw was outlined in a deep red. It felt to her as though she was being dragged towards the middle of the table, and couldn't help but resist. Resistance turned out to be futile however, for no matter how hard she tried she could not shake the feeling. If she could have looked at her hands she would have seen that they were still stationary, but she found herself unable to look away from the centre of the table.
	Without warning there was an extremely loud explosion, confined to the centre of the table and the brightest light Trixi had ever seen rose slowly up towards the ceiling. Despite its brightness, Trixi could not look away from the light, nor could her sisters. They watched the light rise and rise, until it reached and passed through the ceiling, and then a sudden release.
	The girls were thrown backwards, as if some invisible force had been pushing them forwards but had suddenly disbanded. They could no longer see it but they could sure as Hell feel it. The light accelerated upwards, encompassing the entire planet. An invisible shield for an unknown foe.

***

	"Sir, we've just picked up an unidentified power surge coming from Prima," Armstrong said.
	"Has it affected us in anyway?" asked Roberts, the slightest tinge of concern in his voice.
	"Not as far as I can tell Sir," replied Armstrong. "But I shall of course keep you informed."
	"Yes," said Roberts. "You will."
	"The fleet of fighters has entered sub-space, Sir."
	"Did they make us?" asked Roberts.
	"No Sir, not a bean." 
	"Good," Roberts smiled. "Their defences are obviously strained, pick up the pace Armstrong."
	"Yes Sir."

***

	"Well that was fun," said JD, sarcastically. "Two hours of flashing blue lights, we come out and it's still black as fuck."
	"Take it easy JD, we're close," replied Pete. "Everyone locked and loaded?"
	"Yes Sir."
	"Um... Pete."
	"Yes JD what's...?" Pete was stopped in his tracks. "Oh, fuck."

***

	Trixi sat breathless, and tried to look around at her sisters. Her vision was blurred as if she had smoked half a marijuana plant. She found herself unable to focus. Instead she thought back to that day, all four of them sat in the garden. They were just talking as sisters do, mostly about boys and who fancied who. They'd been teasing Janey about her new boyfriend, who was apparently rather well endowed. Their Father had been listening, and had put a stop to such talk. She and Janey had left Sara and Jemma in the garden, and that is the last she remembered. She didn't remember seeing her Father after he called them; the next thing she could remember with any clarity was waking from a deep sleep four hundred years before she was born. 
	Trixi didn't like how little sense it made to her. What made even less sense was that she and her sisters possessed some form of supernatural, primeval power. She'd no idea where that came from. She knew of course that in her own time there were people who possess healing powers, and the power of illusion and the like, but what the four girls had done two hours previously had scared her. There was however no other explanation that she could see.

***

	“We will be entering Primian airspace in a little under four hours Sir,” said Armstrong speaking into the com. At Roberts’ request, he'd been running the engines of the Helder ragged. Roberts wanted to utilise the stretched defences on Prima while he could.
	“Thank you Armstrong,” replied Roberts from his quarters. It wouldn't be long now, and he could picture the bank balance already. Seven no, eight figures at the very least, and a title to go with it. Sir, perhaps? Lord would be more suitable. He rubbed his hands together with glee. 

***

	Dan was monitoring the scanners, both long and short range. He'd just watched as Pete and his unit emerged from sub-space, and was now watching as they lined up for an attack.
	“Yes mate, get stuck into them,” he shouted at the scanners, despite the fact that he was essentially talking to himself, he felt infinitely better. It was only then that he noticed the PPS Helder closing in on Prima. He hastily picked up his radio, and barked into it. “Lefoile, we have incoming,” he paused to check his figures. “Four hours out at the most, get the troops ready to mobilise.”
	“Yes Sir,” replied Lefoile. “Should I inform the Captain?”
	“No,” replied Dan. “She and Lemmy are having a heart to heart somewhere; best we leave them to it for now.”
	“Yes Sir,” Dan waited for the transmission to end, and then spoke into the com once more. “K, I hope your baby’s ready to play.”
	“Yeah she’s looking good,” replied K. “Why, we got trouble?”
	“Incoming, about four hours out.”
	“Well it looks like it’s just you and me,” she began. “Pete’s off to intercept whatever the fuck is on the way, Trixi and Lemmy are busy, and I’ve no idea where JD is, I can’t raise him on the com.”
	“I haven’t seen JD since Pete left,” replied Dan.
	“Oh,” said K, her voice edged with worry. “You don’t think he went with Pete do you?”
	“He may have, although he didn’t say a word about it to me.”
	“I’ll kill him if he has,” replied K, angrily. “I’ll be with you soon Dan.”
	“No worries, we got time.”

***

	In his quarters, Roberts smiled. It was not a nice smile, more maniacal, and the laugh that went with it scared even him. He coughed violently to make up for the laugh, and went about his business. After shaving he made his way to the bridge.
	“How are we looking, Armstrong?” asked Roberts.
	“All fine Sir,” replied Armstrong, he always enjoyed giving his Captain good news. “It looks like we are going to reach Prima earlier than anticipated Sir.”
	“How much sooner?”
	“About an hour Sir,”
	“Excellent work Armstrong,” Roberts smiled once more, that evil, maniacal smile.

***

	“Unit One,” Dan barked into the com. “You are a go, this is not a drill guys so bring the big bastard down.”
	He watched as twelve fighters sped off to meet the Helder head on.
	“They’re entering atmo in thirty seconds, I want to see debris falling from the sky.” Dan wouldn’t have admitted it to anyone, but he did like the authority here, what with only he and K being around. “Lefoile, are we ready for a ground assault?”
	“Yes Sir,” Lefoile replied, his voice edged with both excitement and nervousness. “We have forty men, myself and Newhead included.”
	“Good man,” replied Dan. “Bring them out to meet me and K.”

***
	“Sir, we have twelve fighters on approach,” Armstrong informed his captain.
	“Shields up. Fire at will.”
	“Yes Sir,” It was a complete and total obliteration. The Helder dispatched all twelve fighters within a minute.
	“Is that all you got?” Roberts shouted out loud, laughing as he did so and then quietly, almost to himself, “this is going to be far too easy.”

***

	“They have taken out the fighters Sir,” said Lefoile. “What hope do we have here?”
	“A little faith, Lefoile,” replied Dan, calmly. “We have the equaliser remember.”
	“I’m sorry, Sir?”
	“Betty,” Dan said a look of disgust on his face. “Are you telling me you had forgotten about Betty?”
	“Of course not Sir, but I… I…” Lefoile stammered.
	“At ease soldier, I’m twisting your nuts,” Dan laughed. “Take it easy.”

***

	A few moments later, out on the field of engagement, K put her foot through the floor, the tank reaching top speed with ease even on the uneven ground.
	“Tell me when that big bastard’s in range K,” Dan shouted down from his station, once again his torso protruding from the roof as he caressed Betty lovingly.
	“Twenty seconds,” K replied from the driver’s seat. Dan levelled Betty. He could see the Helder quite clearly in his sights, and as soon as K gave him the word, he would fire a volley of Betty’s best.
	“Five seconds,” K shouted. Dan prepared himself. “Two.” He checked his sights once more, gently squeezed the trigger and watched. It seemed to take an age before contact was made, but when the smoke cleared The Helder was still advancing as strong as ever.	
	“Shit!” Dan shouted. “They have their shields up.”
	“Aim for the weak points,” replied K.
	“I can’t see the fuel tank from here, it’s on the opposite side.”
	The Helder began to fire, however with the addition of air resistance and gravity their guns were nowhere near as effective as they would be out in open space.
	“Keep firing,” Dan ordered. “Their shields can’t last forever, we’re gonna’ go around back.”
	“Yes Sir,” Lefoile replied. “You heard the man,” Lefoile spoke to his troops. “Get at them!”
	Dan laughed quietly to himself. Before they had arrived Lefoile had been on the High Priests' Guard. Now look at him, attacking an oncoming ship, infinitely bigger than he, and he was a little man, but he showed no fear.
	“Take us round K,” Dan said. “But whatever you do try not to let them see us!”
	“What do you take me for, eh?” asked K as she put the Tank into gear and set off.
	“No need to be like that,” Dan replied. “I’m just in leadership mode.”
	“Yeah the sooner we get you outta’ that the better I reckon,” K said with a laugh. Dan watched The Helder closely as they sped around. She was a huge ship, one that he himself would love to pilot.
	“They’re releasing their own fighters,” Dan shouted down to K. “I’m gonna give Lefoile a hand, take a few of them out from here.” Dan once more stroked Betty lovingly once more before firing, whispering sweet nothings to her as he did so. The Helder had released close to twenty fighters, and Dan shot half of them out of the sky, with Betty’s help of course, he stroked her before he fired every single time.
	“That should make it easier for our boys on the ground,” he said, smugly.
	K was concentrating on manoeuvring the Tank around the back of the Helder, which must have been almost two miles in length. K couldn’t help thinking how much fun she could have taking The Helder apart, cleaning her up and putting her back together again. It was such a shame to have to destroy her, but of course they had little choice. She felt a tap on her shoulder - Dan was trying to get her attention. She had been lost in thought and not noticed.
	“Take this and plug it in,” Dan said. “I thought there was something missing.” K took the flash drive from Dan and plugged it in as he requested.
	“See darlin’,” Dan said as the sound of Slipknot’s 'Heretic Anthem' filled the cab. “We gotta’ have a soundtrack now slow down, we’re almost there.”
	K drove for a couple more minutes before Dan informed her that he had a shot.
	He let the music fill him, take him over, all the time stroking Betty. When he was completely calm and at ease, he opened his eyes, levelled the sights, let out a long, deep breath and fired a single shot. He watched in slow motion as the rocket shimmered in the air. He knew it was a direct hit, but he couldn’t help but watch as the rocket lined itself up with the fuel port. Then everything was happening in real time, the Helder hit the ground before it exploded, sending a huge mushroom cloud hundreds of feet into the air.

***

	Trixi, whilst still unable to focus attempted to stand up. She soon realised this was a huge mistake. It seemed her legs stretched out for miles and miles in every direction. As far as she could tell, her sisters were in exactly the same boat. Whatever force had taken over them had most certainly taken its toll.
	She felt the building shake, but still she couldn’t bring herself to stand. She did however, wonder what was happening outside. Well, she would find out soon enough.

***

	Once the smoke had cleared, Dan and K sifted through the wreckage to see if they could find anything salvageable. 
	“You really did a number on this Dan,” said K. “She’s pretty much completely destroyed.”
	“Yeah well it was either that or leave her to have her wicked way with us,” replied Dan.
	“True,” said K. “But still it would have been nice if there was at least something for me to play with.”
	“You two there, don’t move a fucking muscle!” Dan and K glanced at each other, confused. “I have a weapon trained, you are both in my sights, it would be advisable if you were to do as I say.”
	“OK mate, OK,” began Dan. “What is it that you want?”
	“I am Captain Roberts of the PPS Helder, Captain now only of the wreckage 'midst which we stand,” Roberts replied. “I want the sisters.”
	“Wait.” Dan thought for a moment. “I recognise that voice.” He still hadn’t turned around. “Cosch?” He turned to look their would be assailant in the eyes. “I fucking knew it, I’d recognise that whiny snivelling voice anywhere.” Dan smiled to himself. “Cosch Roberts, who the fuck made you Captain?” Dan laughed. “They must have been desperate, last time I saw you me and JD had just kicked your arse. You were running away screaming like a girl.”
	“Well my friend, how the tables turn.”
	“They do at that,” Dan replied, not taking his eyes off the gun in Roberts’ hand. “So what do you want with Trixi and Lemmy?”
	“It’s not just them I want; the other two are part of the bargain as well.”
	“Hold on a minute. For one there ain't no bargain to be had here, mate. Secondly, what the fuck are you on about? Which other two?” Dan was getting edgy. He knew he could get to Cosch before he had time to fire his weapon, apart from the fact  he didn’t have the guts to kill two unarmed people anyway, especially as one of them was a woman.
	“There are four sisters.”
	“Yeah we’ve heard this story before, but we only got two of 'em. No one knows where the other two are.”
	“Well it seems I know more than you, I have it on good authority that where one is, all four can be found.”
	“I’ve heard enough,” said K. Quick as a cat she was behind Cosch and had his firing arm bent underneath his chin, his pistol pointing upwards. “Now did you have something to say?” she asked, sweetly.
	“Don’t..  don't … please, don't kill me.” Roberts was almost crying. “Please don’t kill me; I was only carrying out my duty to the Parliament.”
	“Yeah?” K asked sarcastically. “Well this is only me carrying out my duty to my friends and I don't think you'll find much sympathy for the fucking Parliament here.” She pulled the trigger, and a single bullet went straight through Roberts head, shooting out of the top. Dan was taken aback for a moment, but soon regained focus.
	“I gotta’ tell you I’m constantly surprised by you girls.” He laughed as he spoke but he was both genuinely surprised and impressed. “We’d best go find Trixi and Lemmy, make sure they’re alright.”

***

	Pete and JD stared out at the Black. That was the only way to describe what they were facing. Complete and total, all encompassing, unadulterated, Black.	
	“Mate?” said Pete, his voice filled with fear.
	“I know,” replied JD “How do we fight that?”
	“You got me.”
	“I was kinda hoping for something a little more conclusive,” joked JD in a vain attempt to lighten the situation. “But I guess that’ll have to do.” As they spoke, the Black was drawing ever closer.  They watched and what could only be described as entrails of the Black stretched out, and formed themselves into human shapes. Massive, malformed, humanoid shapes that dwarfed the fleet of fighters in both size and number. They literally surfed the Black, riding on its waves of darkness, crashing and burning over invisible breakers.
	
***

	As it closed on the fleet, the Black smiled, or at least would have done so had it the ability to form facial expressions. It could sense the team of fighters that had been sent to intercept it, it could get inside the minds of the pilots, but it could not see. That's why it had formed its Surfers, it saw through their eyes, and it liked what it saw; the Black was hungry, having not fed for millennia. It was going to enjoy its next meal.


Chapter Eight
Endangered Species


	“Coming Father,” Trixi shouted from the kitchen. Ever since their Mother had died, all the girls had done their fair share of household chores. Trixi had just returned home with the shopping, having spent almost three hours trawling around the local supermarket fighting psychopathic women for the last of the frozen turkeys. It was Christmas you see, the girls' first Christmas without their Mother, and they were trying to make things as easy as possible for their Father. She put the last of the thrice recycled carrier bags on the kitchen floor, and set off in search of her Father. She found him in the living room, sprawled on the sofa watching Professional Wrestling.
	“I need you to look after your sisters for me,” he explained. “I may have to go away for a while with work, and although Sara is the eldest, I’m not sure I trust her to do what I ask.”
	“Yes Father,” Trixi replied obediently.
	“Whatever happens, Janey is not to have her new boyfriend in my house, do you understand?” Her Father's tone indicated to her that any form of misunderstanding her would not be looked upon fondly.
	“Yes Father, I understand,” she replied.
	“Now speaking of Janey, isn’t it her turn to make dinner?”

***

	Trixi sat bolt upright in the chair. She had been dreaming, and by looking around at her sisters she assumed that they too were dreaming. They awoke sluggishly, one after the other.
	“Everyone OK?” She asked after a few moments' silence.
	“I think so,” replied Janey. “Definitely feel a migraine coming on though,” she laughed. “In fact I feel like I've been hit by a fucking truck.”
	“Where are we Trixi?” Jemma asked.
	“Prima,” replied Trixi.
	“That’s bullshit,” Jemma scoffed. “Prima was destroyed during the Great War, over two hundred years ago.”
	“The Great War hasn’t happened yet,” Trixi tried to explain. “I don’t really understand it myself, but we have all somehow been transported four hundred years back through time.” Jemma and Sara both looked confused, not that Trixi could blame them for that. Both she and Janey were equally confused if not more so, and they'd lived it for a year.
	“What about Father?” asked Sara.
	“He died a few months back, or at least... I think he did.” Trixi was confusing herself now. “But either way, we are currently in a time about three hundred and fifty years before Father was born.” 
	“What did we just do? It’s confused the Hell outta' me,” said Sara.
	“You definitely aren't alone in that,” replied Trixi. “I think it's best we go outside and get some air.”
	The four sisters were met outside by Dan and K, who were trying frantically to find them, running round as they had been like the proverbial headless chicken, or chickens in this case.
	“Where the hell have you been?” asked Dan. “And who the fuck are these guys?”
	“It’s a long story,” replied Trixi. “But these are my sisters, Sara, Jemma and Janey.”
	“That’s Lemmy,” said K, bluntly.	
	“True enough, but Lemmy is Janey, Janey is Lemmy. Same person, see?” explained Trixi.
	“OK whatever, so where did Jemma and Sara come from?” asked Dan, figuring it was the most sensible question to ask.
	“They got here in what I’d imagine is pretty much the same way Janey and I got here, through some sort of time gateway,”
	“What?” 
	“I don't think any of us belong here, not my sisters and I at any rate. From what I can tell, we're from a time four hundred years into the future,” replied Trixi, smiling. “Now what the fuck have I missed?”
	“You’ve missed the fucking party, that’s what’s been going on,” replied Dan with a grin. “That big motherfucker of a  Parliament ship that’s been chasing us around the system for a year, well me and K took it down.”
	“I’m impressed,” said Trixi.
	“Yeah, the weird thing is, the ship was Captained by a guy me and JD used to bully at flight school, although K finished him off.” Trixi looked at K, who made the shape of a gun out of her fingers, and mimed blowing her own head off.
	“Very nice guys, well done,” said Trixi, genuinely impressed. “Any news from Pete?”
	“No not a thing,” replied K. “And we can’t find JD anywhere. We haven’t seen him since Pete left.”
	“I’m sure he’ll be OK,” said Trixi as she put a reassuring hand on K’s shoulder.

***

	“What do we do, mate?” JD was absolutely terrified. Fire fights and the like he'd no problem with, not after what he and the rest of the Reaper’s crew had been through these past months, but how can you fight... darkness? 
	“We gotta’ take it out,” Pete barked down the radio. “Take out the surfers, fire at will.”
	“Thought you’d never ask, Sir,” the reply came over the radio, as did whoops of joy from the other pilots, glad to be getting the chance to get down and dirty with the big bad. JD fired multiple rounds, trying to take out a single surfer but it was impossible to get a lock. They were much too fast, and seemed able to anticipate every move before it was made.
	“They know what we’re gonna’ do before we do it,” JD shouted.
	“I know, but what choice do we have?” asked Pete. “We really can’t let this thing get through to Prima, or at least we have to give it something to think long and hard about.”
	“Holy shit, did you see that,” JD yelled. “Did that Surfer just swallow a fighter whole?”
	“Without even chewing,” replied Pete. “We’re out of our depth here, we need some help,” Pete and JD watched in helpless horror as one by one their fellow pilots and fighters were swallowed up by the Black. “Wait.”
	“What?” asked  JD.
	“What do you do when you’re scared of the dark?” Pete asked, a huge grin forming on his face.
	“Turn on the fucking light,” JD replied. “I like it, now where’s the headlights on this thing?” It was no easy task, locating the headlamps on the dash of their fighters but if you've ever driven a Citroen, you'll be familiar with the feeling of satisfaction both Pete and JD got as eventually, they found what they were looking for and accelerated towards the Black. 
	“We don’t have enough to kill it,” shouted Pete over the roar of engines, assuming killing it was possible of course. “But we can certainly slow it down.” Still accelerating, Pete and JD aimed directly at the Surfers.
	“They’re disorientated,” yelled JD. “The light confuses them.” He fired a round at the nearest surfer, sure enough it vanished. “OK, I’m counting that as a kill,” he said, laughing.
	“Think we can take out all the Surfers the same way?” asked Pete.
	“That I do,” replied JD. “Let’s get the bastards.”

***

	“Ah, Trixi.”
	Trixi turned to see Jefferson Plank, Mayor of Two Rivers descending upon her and her sisters. He was a tall man, with extremely greasy hair and wore thick glasses.
	“And how is my head of security doing?”
	“Fine Sir, thank you,” Trixi replied, and proceeded to introduce him to her sisters.
	“Charmed to meet you both, I’m sure,” said Jefferson Plank, and then he turned to Dan. “I gather we had an unwanted visitor.”
	“Yes Sir, that's one way to put it. An old buddy of mine who went all screwy in the head,” Dan nodded to K. “But that’s taken care of Sir, you don’t have to worry about a thing.”
	“Good, I’m glad to hear it,” Jefferson Plank went on. He was the kind of person who you got the impression never really listened properly, his mind flitted from one thing to another without so much as to break for a breath. “Any news from your friends?”
	“Friends, Sir?” asked Dan.
	“Yes your two pilot friends, they flew out to attack…” he stumbled, but soon regained his footing. “…well I’m not really sure what they flew out to attack, but they were definitely flying and I know attacking was mentioned.”
	“I’m gonna’ fucking kill him,” K yelled angrily. “How could he without telling me? Pete had better bring him back alive!” Janey put her hand on K’s shoulder, and ushered her out of the way, taking her to a quiet spot to cool down.
	“No news Sir,” said Dan after Janey had removed K, taking her somewhere she'd do no harm should she internally combust. “Y'know what they say though, no news and all that.”
	“Quite,” replied Jefferson Plank, absent-mindedly. “Well, I shall detain you no longer. Please do what it is that you do best.”
	“Yes Sir.” With that Jefferson Plank wandered off, back in the direction of the building that served as his temporary offices. Dan waited until he was out of earshot before speaking again. “Well I guess there’s nothing for it but to sit tight and wait for Pete and JD to get back here.”
	“I think you’re probably right,” replied Trixi. “I’m starving, you guys fancy getting something to eat?”

***
	
	It wasn’t until the early hours of the morning that Pete and JD returned. Having slowed the Black they'd returned via sub-space. They'd spent hours chasing the Black, beating it back as best they could until one of JD’s lights went out and they made a joint decision to get the Hell outta' dodge.
	Their fighters touched ground, and after letting them power down both clambered out.
	“Man I got a cramp.” Pete stretched all of his limbs at simultaneously. “I have no idea how long we spent cramped up in there, but damn it’s good to be on the ground.”	
	“Agreed,” replied JD. “You gotta’ smoke mate?”
	“Yeah no worries man,” replied Pete, handing JD a cigarette.
	“Thanks bud,” said JD lighting the cigarette. “How long d'you reckon we have?”
	“Well I’m damn sure that we royally pissed it off,” Pete paused. “I dunno', but I’ll guarantee we don’t have as long as we think.”
	“Well I dunno about you but I have to get some shut eye,” said JD before taking another drag on the cigarette. “I should probably find K as well.”
	“Sounds like a plan. Take it easy mate and get your rest. Something tells me there’s a few sleepless nights on the horizon.”
	Pete and JD headed towards their quarters. JD shared with K. He felt they were getting quite serious now, and he had to admit he liked it very much. The way she made him feel, like nothing else mattered but the two of them. He opened and shut the door as quietly as he could, and lit another cigarette.
	“Man, I gotta’ have a beer,” he whispered to himself. He moved silently across to the fridge, took a cold beer out of the tray at the bottom, and opened it with his teeth. He swigged down the beer, and took a last drag on his cigarette before going through to the bedroom. K awoke as he opened the bedroom door and sat bolt upright in bed, giving him the mother of all stares.
	“Where the fuck have you been?” she shouted, angrily. JD figured that she probably already knew exactly where he had been, so there was no use in lying.
	“I couldn’t let Pete go up there on his own, and I knew that if I’d have talked to you about it you’d have tried to talk me out of it,” JD paused for breath. “We kicked its arse though.”
	“Damn straight I’d have tried to talk you out of it!” K was furious. “What would I have done if you hadn’t come back? I love you.” 
	“You… What?”
	“I love you,” K repeated. “Don’t ever do that again, I can’t lose you.”
	“What… I…” JD stammered, completely taken aback by K's revelation.
	“What is it anyway?” K asked.
	“What?”
	“You kicked its arse, but what is it?”
	“Darkness,” replied JD with a shrug. “Pure, unadulterated, black. That's pretty much the only way to describe it.”
	“I can’t believe you went without telling me,” JD’s reply had shocked K, but she had more important things on her mind right now.
	“You love me?” JD still couldn’t believe it. He kept hearing K repeat it over and over in his head; it made him feel better than he had done for as long as he could remember. “I love you,” he said to her before kissing her, and laying her down on the bed.

***

	How had that happened? The Black had never been treated in such a way, never had anything been able to mount an attack let alone succeed. Granted the two puny Humans had only succeeded in slowing it down, but it would not let that happen again. The problem was that despite the infinite knowledge and power of the Black, it was unsure as to how the Humans had managed to prevail. The Black had always been and would always be, in one form or another. 
	In most places it was the fuzzy patch of nothingness that hid away at the back of your mind, until one day something wakes it. When awake it became the all encompassing entity it was now, destroying anything it came across, be it a relationship or a species.
	The Black had not come across Humanity for a very, very long time. It had left Earth, Mankind’s previous home, several thousand years ago. Mankind had only just invented fire to keep themselves safe and warm at night, in the dark. The Black had left its legacy though, and made sure that future generations were told of its infinite power. Young children would forever cower from the darkness, fearing what it may hide. Of course their parents would tell them they'd nothing to fear. Well... they were wrong.
	When the Black had arrived in this system, it'd been a new system teeming with life of all forms. The Black had eliminated all life systematically, a species at a time. It was aware that some species had escaped, but as it had not come across these species since, it assumed they'd perished. Since the Black had nothing else to destroy, it had gone into a state of hibernation, in the deepest darkest cave on the coldest world it could find.
	Mankind had awoken it and won the first battle. The Black was determined the war would not be so easily won.
	It could feel itself drawing ever closer to the Human stronghold. The Black had no concept of time, not in the strictest sense. All it knew was that it would not be long before it reigned supreme once more. 
	The Black had become lazy. Had it not become so complacent The Black would never have allowed the Humans to make their home here in the first place.	
	The fighters and pilots it had devoured had made the Black all the more eager to reach the Humans, and it would gorge itself on their very souls.

***

	“So basically what you’re telling me,” began Trixi. “Is that we have to wage a war against darkness,” she paused as she listened to how ridiculous the words sounded as they left her mouth. “Actual darkness, as in pitch black?”
	“That’s the only way to describe it,” replied Pete. He to knew that this sounded ridiculous, but he and JD had witnessed this phenomenon first hand. There was no denying what they were up against.
	“Well how do we fight it?” asked Trixi. “You two only managed to slow it down.”
	“True enough,” began JD, “but we do know it’s weakness, all we need is a bright enough light.”
	“I’ve been thinking about that,” said Janey. “But by the sounds of things, we’re going to need a light with an incredible amount of power.” She looked around the group to see if anyone else was going to chip in with an idea. When no one did, she carried on. “If we can come up with the materials which I’m sure K can, then we can harness the power of the suns between four giant solar panels.”
	“Then all we’d have to do is somehow get the Black in between them, and turn the thing on,” Pete chipped in.
	“OK Janey, you and K get to work on that, I want it operational as soon as possible,” ordered Trixi. “The rest of us need to come up with a few backup ideas, just in case.”
	Trixi hoped that Janey’s plan would work, as she had nothing. They had not come across anything like this before. The Black was so powerful, Trixi wasn’t even sure that they could overcome it. She turned to Pete.
	“You know that it’s going to be down to you to drive the Black in between the plates?” she asked.
	“Not just him,” said JD. “Me and Dan will get in on the action as well, we’re all pilots remember,” Pete looked relieved. He would never have asked either JD or Dan for their help, but he was glad that they would be up there with him.
	“Too fucking right,” said Dan. “If we’re going down, we’re going down together, and if we don’t go down I’m not having these guys ripping the piss forever and a day because I didn’t have the bollocks to get up there.”
	“So, you’re going, right?” Trixi asked, more than a little confused after Dan’s speech.
	“Yeah, you try and stop me,” replied Dan, laughing. There was a cough behind them.
	“I don’t mean to interrupt,” Lefoile said. “I couldn’t help but overhear your conversation.”
	“That’s OK mate,” Pete said. “What is it you want?”
	“I want to go with you,” Lefoile replied. “I have a little piloting experience myself, and in all honesty I can’t just sit down here twiddling my thumbs.”
“That’s appreciated Lefoile,” said Trixi, kindly. “Only if you’re sure, it is going to be extremely dangerous.”
	“I know,” began Lefoile. “I would however, prefer to die fighting than live without trying,” Dan put his arm around Lefoile.
	“Welcome to the gang my friend,” he said. “You’re gonna’ fucking love it.”

***

	Two days passed. The Black drew ever closer, its progress monitored on the scanners in a rolling rota, each taking four hours at a time. The Black kept a constant pace like a huge steam roller, slowly but surely ready to destroy anything it came across. On the morning of the third day, Dan was on watch. He'd been watching the scanner closely and judging by the pace the Black was travelling at, it would be here around midnight the following night.
	“Well,” he began, talking to himself. “As sunrises round here might well be in short supply, I’m gonna’ go outside and enjoy this one.”
	With that he left his post and wandered outside. The first sun was just coming over the horizon, casting an array of colours and shapes over the dawn sky. He pulled a carton of cigarettes out of his pocket, leant against the wall of the building, lit a cigarette and took a long, deep drag.
	“Any progress?” asked Trixi, walking around the corner to take her watch.
	“I reckon we have until midnight tomorrow,” replied Dan. Trixi went to speak but Dan shushed her, and pointed towards the horizon. He handed her a cigarette. “Just enjoy this,” he said, and Trixi did.
	She watched the shapes and colours dance across the sky, and then as the second sun poked its head above the horizon an even greater mix of colours and shapes collided with each other, depicting some epic battle, one that played out every day.
	“We’re gonna’ win this you know,” said Trixi as they watched.
	“I know,” replied Dan. “I also know that it’s gonna’ be fucking hard, and we ain’t all gonna’ make it through.”
	“Well there’s nothing else we can do,” said Trixi. “Janey and K have our trap up and running, so all we can do is hope that everything goes to plan.”
	“We’re not gonna’ be more prepared than we are now,” said Dan, smiling. “You should get some rest, you do look fucked.”
	“I know, I haven’t been sleeping all that well,” Trixi explained. “I keep having nightmares.”
	“Well I doubt that you’re alone on that score,” replied Dan, knowing full well that he too had been having nightmares, mostly of flesh eating zombie lesbians, but that really wasn't the point. “Things have got really messy far too fast for my liking.”
	“Go do what you want, something you enjoy,” said Trixi, turning to face Dan. “I’ll tell the others the same, I mean tomorrow might well be our last day.” Dan nodded and left. Trixi watched as he headed straight into the nearest bar, and laughed quietly to herself.

***

	The Black continued onwards. It could sense the fear, its scent getting stronger and stronger as it approached. It drunk in this fear and it made it all the more powerful. Such a glorious taste, so sweet with a citrus tang. Yet amongst the fear it could taste something else, something that it could not find in its vocabulary.
	Hope.

***	

	“Trixi told me I’d find you in here,” said Pete, grabbing a bar stool and placing it next to Dan’s.
	“I thought I was more predictable than that, I’m disappointed in you mate,” Dan laughed. “What you drinking? It’s all on the house on account of impending Armageddon.”
	“Fair enough who am I to argue?” Pete looked along the bar to get the attention of the barmaid, which he eventually managed to do.
	“Two beer’s darlin’,” he said.
	“Anything else?” she asked, handing Pete two open bottles of beer, one of which he handed to Dan, clinking the top of Pete’s bottle with his own.
	“Yeah,” he replied. “Where’s your jukebox?” She nodded to her left, indicating that the jukebox could be found at the end of the bar.
	“Thanks gorgeous,” he said, adding a wink.
	“That flash drive of mines plugged in mate, so you should be able to find pretty much anything you want,” Dan said with a smile as he too gave the attractive barmaid a 'How you doin'?' wink.
	“No worries mate, I’m just gonna’ put it on random and get incredibly wasted,” replied Pete, chuckling as he knocked the bottle back.
	“That’s something I can drink to,” said Dan, laughing once more and signalling to the barmaid. “Two more of these when you’re ready.” Dan quickly finished off the beer Pete had given him, taking huge swallows as Pete played with the jukebox.
	“Where’re the rest of the guys anyway?” asked Pete sitting back down.
	“Dunno mate, it was just me in here until you walked in,” Dan took a swig of his beer. “Apparently no one else is in the mood for drinking.”
	“That might have something to do with the fact that it is only nine-thirty in the morning.” replied Pete.
	“Meh...” Dan ventured with a smirk. “Fucking lightweights.”
	It was a couple of hours later when JD entered the bar, with K in tow. 
	“Alright guys?” he grinned. 
	“Will be when I can’t remember how to order another beer,” replied Dan. He reached behind him and grabbed two bar stools for JD and K whilst Pete ordered four more beers.
	“Cheers bud,” said JD as he and K sat down. “Who’s got the fags?”
	“That’d be me,” said Pete passing one to JD. “You want one?” he asked K.
	“Might as well,” she replied, taking the packet from Pete. The four of them sat in almost silence, with Dan occasionally singing along to the music when certain tracks were playing. None of them wanted to think about the Black, but they couldn't help it. It was at the forefront at each of their minds.
	It was not long before they were joined by Trixi, Janey, Jemma and Sara. Lefoile wasn't far behind, and the nine of them sat at the bar, ordering drinks and smoking cigarettes, enjoying each others company whilst it was still available to be enjoyed.
	“So when you said to us to do what we wanted,” said Dan. “What you actually meant to say was, ‘I’ll see you guys in the pub later’?” Dan joked.
	“Well it seemed like the best thing to do,” replied Trixi. “Besides, where else can we go to forget our troubles?” Dan shrugged in non-committal agreement.
	“So, we’re all set?” he asked.
	“Yes,” replied Trixi. “We’ve set the trap a little out of town.”
	“Makes sense to me,” said Pete. “So long as we can contain the Black, it saves us doing another rebuilding job.”
	“Great minds,” replied Trixi, and turning to Janey. “See, I told you our boys weren’t as stupid as they looked.” Janey burst out laughing, as did Jemma and Sara.
	“That was below the belt,” said JD, feigning the look of someone genuinely hurt.
	“Yeah,” said Dan. “Harsh but fair.” This comment sent everyone into hysterics, so much so that for just a moment, they forgot the important things, and felt what it was like to live without fear. The laughter died down eventually, and tears were wiped away.
	“So,” began JD. “Who’s for a shot?” There was a general agreement, so JD got the attention of the barmaid. “Give us nine vodkas if you'd be so good,” The barmaid obliged, and went to put the bottle back on the shelf behind the bar. “You know you might as well leave that with us.”
	“By the looks of you lot, I’m gonna’ have to get another couple of bottles out as well.” replied the barmaid.
	“That sounds like a plan,” said Dan. “You gonna’ join us for one darlin’?” he asked, his face wearing what he considered to be his sexiest, most alluring smile.
	“Why not?” she replied. “I think we can class this as a special occasion.”

***

	Dan awoke the following morning to see sunlight streaming in through the cracks in the blinds.
	“Oh fuck off,” he mumbled groggily.
	“What was that?” came a cry from the direction of the kitchen.
	“Oh fuck,” he mumbled much more quietly this time. He forced himself out of bed and made his way through to the kitchen. He was greeted sight of the barmaid from the night before wearing nothing but a thong.
	“I’ve just made a pot of coffee,” she said, unperturbed. “How do you take it?”
	“Milk and a fuck loada' sugar,” Dan replied. He looked her up and down, and he had to admit he’d done pretty well for himself. She had black hair, finely plaited to look like mini dreadlocks which of course matched Dan’s actual dreadlocks. The plaits at their longest point sat just below her buttocks. 
	“How are you feeling this morning?” she asked.
	“A little worse for wear,” replied Dan, and laughed out loud. He cut the laugh short when he discovered how much it hurt his head.
	“I’m not surprised,” she continued. “I bet you can’t even remember my name, can you?”
	“You know what? I was hoping that wouldn’t come up.” 
	“My name’s Tristian,” replied Tristian, laughing. “And don’t worry, I never told you my name.” Dan looked relieved.
	“You got any smokes?” he asked. “I’m all out,” Tristian threw him a packet of cigarettes which Dan missed completely. He proceeded to pick them from the floor where they'd landed. “Thanks.” 
	“No problem,” Tristian replied. “What do you think is going to happen?”
	“Well, I mean you’re nice and everything,” Dan stammered. “Gorgeous in fact.”
	“Thanks,” replied Tristian, glad that Dan found her attractive when he was sober as well as when he was drunk. “But that’s not actually what I meant. I was talking about tonight.”
	“Oh with the Black?”
	“Yeah.”
	“Honestly I don’t know, I don’t even know if we’re gonna’ be here tomorrow,” said Dan, sombrely. 
	“Something tells me that we will be,” replied Tristian. “Most of us will anyway.”
	“How can you be so sure?” Dan asked.
	“Well what do you expect?” Tristian asked with a confident smile. “We have to have hope.”

***

	“It’s getting late,” said Tristian, glancing towards the clock on the wall. “It’ll be dark soon.” She looked over at Dan. They'd spent the whole day together, getting to know each other without the aid of alcohol.
	“I should probably…” Dan stopped. He didn’t really know what to say. Well what was there to say? He was well aware the he and the others were facing certain death, as were they all. Saying ‘I should probably go save the world’ didn't really cut the mustard because the chances of their success without significant loss were lower than a cats in Hell.
	“I know,” replied Tristian. “And I know that you might not be coming back,” she paused to wipe a tear from her eye. “But do your best to come back to me, yeah?”
	“Don’t worry,” replied Dan, lighting a cigarette. He didn’t say goodbye, instead he simply said, “I’ll see you later,” and kissed Tristian on her cheek before leaving.
	Dan wandered for a couple of hours, nowhere in particular, but simply for the pleasure of being out in the fresh late evening air. He finally made his way to the makeshift airfield where the fighters were housed. Pete and JD were already there sitting in silence, each making peace with themselves. Dan pulled up a chair and sat with them, equally as silent. An hour or so passed before Lefoile arrived. The three men looked up and nodded in acknowledgement.
	“I have just come from the command centre,” said Lefoile. “Trixi wishes us luck.”
	“Reckon we might need us some of that shit,” Dan replied with a smile.
	“We have a half hour before the Black reaches us,” Lefoile continued. “Trixi has explained to me about the invisible shield, she is however unsure as to how long it will hold, or if it will at all.”
	“Well while the shield is up we can see what we can do,” said Pete. “I mean it may not be necessary to use our trap at all.” The others nodded in agreement. “But at least we can back the Black up against the shield then it has nowhere to go, and when the shield gives we should be in a position to force it down.”
	“Works in theory,” replied  JD.
	“So did Hitler’s plan to invade Russia,” said Dan. “That went well.”
	“Enough of that man,” said Pete. “We’ve got a job to do, what say we crack on, eh?”
	“I’m right there with you mate,” replied Dan, rolling his eyes.
	As one the four men stood up, and slowly made their way over to their fighters. It was the longest walk of their lives, coming directly before what was certain to be the fight of their lives. They weren’t just fighting for themselves; they were fighting for each and every Human Being. The fate of every man, woman and child rested on their actions, and that was a huge weight to carry. Mankind truly was an endangered species.
	They slipped into their respective cockpits and carried out their various pre-flight rituals. Pete ran his fingers through his hair eleven times. JD took a picture of K out of his pocket and held it to his lips. Lefoile prayed, not to any deity in particular, but he felt it prudent. Dan twisted his dreadlocks around his fingers, before tapping his crotch and saying, “Don’t worry, we’ll get out of this,” quietly to himself.
	As one, they started their engines, and each man took a deep breath of air before sealing their cockpits.
	“We few,” said Pete into the radio. “We happy few.”
	“We lost fucking souls,” replied Dan.
	“Mate,” said JD. “That ain’t the line.”
	“I know mate, but I changed it as I reckon we’re proper fucked.”
	The fighters lifted off, with them carrying not only Prima’s, but Mankind’s last hope. 

***

	“Can you see that?” asked Dan.
	“It’s grown,” said JD. “Pete, I don’t remember it being that big.”
	“How the…” began Lefoile, before he realised anything he said would be futile.
	“Well,” began Pete. “It’s grown sure enough, but all it is, is darkness.”
	“Yeah but there’s a lot of it,” replied Dan. They watched as the Black deployed its Surfers once more. Entrails twisting into vaguely humanoid shapes.
	“Lights on, boys,” shouted Pete, his voice edged with excitement. The adrenaline had started to pump through his body, and he was absolutely loving the feeling.
	“You think it'd fuck up my air supply if I have a smoke in here?” asked Dan, turning on his lights and lighting a cigarette at the same time. “Either way it’s too late, but I don’t want to get too excited, you know?”
	“I’m going around the back,” said JD, accelerating towards the Black. At the last minute, he dropped below the darkness so within seconds, he was directly beneath it. “Guys... it seems to go on forever.”
	“We’re coming to join you,” replied Pete as he, Dan and Lefoile pulled the same manoeuvre as JD had done moments before.
	“Glad you could make it,” joked JD when his friends were by his side. “Thought you boys were gonna’ pussy out.”
	“Slow and steady,” ordered Pete. “Don’t let your lights off the Black, and for fuck’s sake keep firing.”
	They did, and it was a slow process. There were no Surfers this side of the Black, so there was nothing specific to aim at, only the vast expanse of darkness that was laid out before their very eyes. Machine gun fire would cut into the Black leaving huge gashes; however those gashes would quickly be filled with more of the same. They were getting there, inching the Black back towards the invisible energy shield surrounding the planet. Their lights flickered over the Black as they attacked, but whilst it clearly did not like the lights as it was disorientated by them, the visual effect was more than a little disconcerting. It made the darkness around the light look even darker.
	“We have it against the shield,” shouted  JD.
	“Is it holding?” shouted Dan. Adrenaline was now pumping through each and every one of their bodies.
	“It doesn't appear to be moving,” said Lefoile. “I must check, you three hold it here.”
	“OK mate, but be careful,” shouted Pete.
	“I shall be,” replied Lefoile. He accelerated back towards Prima.
	“You’re too close,” Dan shouted into the com a few seconds later. “Lefoile pull out!”
	“I’m fine,” replied Lefoile.
	“No you’re not,” shouted Pete. “Watch out!” They watched helplessly as Lefoile, seemingly oblivious to the Surfer directly behind him, accelerated on.
	“It’s latched onto the back of his fighter,” JD shouted. “He’s gonna’ take it through the shield.”
	“The Black is directly against the shield,” Lefoile said joyfully. Seconds later the Surfer, now on the opposite side of the shield, swallowed him whole.
	“Lefoile!” yelled Pete. “Lefoile, come in.”
	“He’s gone, mate,” said Dan. It hadn’t needed saying as they all knew the truth. “He’s gone and we have a fucking Surfer on the other side of the shield able to attack the planet.”
	“Can we radio through?” asked  JD.
	“No. The Black has messed up our long range signal.” replied Dan.
	“So they won’t know what’s going on,” JD was frantic. “K’s down there.”
	“OK,” said Pete. “You two go, but don’t get caught up on a Surfer. I’ll stay up here and see what I can do.” Before Pete had finished talking both Dan and JD had gone, taking a much wider route than Lefoile had. It didn't take them long to reach the shield, and both sure that they had not picked up a hitcher, they carried on through.
	“I’m picking up loadsa' different reading from the shield,” said Dan as they accelerated towards Two Rivers.
	“Are we assuming that’s a bad thing?” asked  JD.
	“Well I don’t see how it can be good, do you?”
	“We have you on radar guys,” Trixi’s voice came over the com. “What’s goin’ on?”
	“There’s a Surfer made it through the shield,” Dan shouted. “We’re chasing it down now, but there something else.”
	“What?” replied Trixi.
	“The shield is giving off some very strange readings,” said Dan, his voice raised over the volume of his fighter's engines. “Check it out.” Dan pushed a few buttons and the details were sent instantly to Trixi.
	“Oh that’s not good,” she replied after a few seconds.
	“That sounds fucking ominous.”
	“The shield is weakened, almost completely where you two came through.”
	“Can you strengthen it?” asked  JD.
	“Doubtful, especially as I’m not really sure how we put it there in the first place.”
	“OK well we’re coming up on Two Rivers now; The Surfer is almost directly in front of us so we’ll get rid of this guy…” Dan paused to release a volley of machine gun fire, destroying the Surfer. “…and now we can head back up there and make sure the Black don’t get through.”
	Dan and JD both pulled a tight loop and headed back towards the shield. “You get your sisters together; see if you can come up with anything.”
	“Will do,” replied Trixi. “Be careful, we saw Lefoile get swallowed and I don’t want anyone else suffering the same fate, OK?”
	
***

	Trixi watched them on the scanner for a while, and then turned to her sisters.
	“They’re not going to be able to hold the Black up for much longer,” she said. “We’re going to have to come up with something.”
	“Well how did it work before?” asked Jemma.
	“If we knew that we could do it whenever we wanted,” replied Sara, sarcastically.
	“Drop the tone,” Janey scalded. The two bickering sisters looked aghast at their youngest sibling. “Thank you, now we don’t have much time.” She held out her hands, the other girls did the same. They joined their hands to make a circle. Janey didn't say a word; Jemma and Sara shared an awkward glance, and each wondering what was going on. Trixi knew, and opened her mind, ready to embrace what was to come. 
	It started out with a tingle in her toes, she tried to shake it off but it quickly became a tingle all over her feet, travelling the length of her legs. She found herself unable to move. Looking around at Janey she saw her younger sister smiling almost hysterically as she allowed the feeling to take her over. Trixi relaxed and did the same. She opened her mind completely, allowing the feeling to do with her what it wanted. She closed her eyes and tried to remember to breathe, it was getting rather warm.
	She opened her eyes after only a few minutes, completely at ease, allowing the feeling to control her. She realised the four sisters were no longer on the ground; instead they were floating a few feet above it. They were heading for a point directly under the shield's weakest point, ready to launch a secondary attack once the shield broke down.

***

	“Pete,” JD shouted. “Pete are you receiving?”
	“He won’t hear you mate,” said Dan. “Radio’s playing up remember?”	
	“I know,” replied JD. “I just wanted to check he was OK.”
	“Go around then,” said Dan. “I can hold here.”
	“Are you sure mate?” JD asked.
	“Yeah,” replied Dan. “Now get a fucking shake on.” JD left, using the weaker part of the shield as the Surfers were yet to find their way through. 
	He arrived on the other side of the Black but could see no sign of Pete. He checked and double checked, carrying out fly-bys as close to the Black as he dared but there was no sign at all.

***

	K was at a loss as to what to do. JD was off playing hero, Trixi was to activate their trap, and for once she didn’t really feel like playing around with engines. She headed back to the bar where they had been drinking the other evening, and found Tristian behind the bar. K smiled a greeting.
	“You’re looking lonely,” said Tristian, kindly.
	“A little, yeah,” K agreed. “But so are you.” The empty bar said it all.
	“You noticed that, eh?” replied Tristian. “You fancy a drink?”
	“Nothing else to do, so I might as well,” K took the beer gratefully. “So how did you and Dan get on?”
	“Well,” Tristian chose her words carefully. “I know how he likes his morning coffee, and I’m kinda’ hoping that he doesn’t end up dying tonight.”
	“The start of every healthy relationship,” K joked. “Caffeine filled beverages, and praying your lover stays alive.”

***

	“He’s not there mate,” a distraught JD said over the com. “No sign of him at all.”
	He'd got back to Dan as quickly as he could, not wanting his friend to have to face the full force of the Black on his own.
	“Fuck,” replied Dan. He did not want to get too emotional, not yet, not up here. “You and me then, eh mate?”
	“Hell yes,” replied JD, equally as reluctant to show any emotion.
	“Make sure you got your game face on mate, 'cos this shield looks like it could give at any minute.”
	“I’m ready, don’t you worry about that.” JD paused and glanced at his scanner before shouting, “mate it’s giving,” down the com. 
	“I see that,” replied Dan. He'd known it was going to happen but damn, that was fast. “Lights on.”
	When the shield gave out, for a few seconds there was nothing, as if the Black was unable to believe its luck. It was sudden though, when the Black realised what had happened it sent its Surfers through first, hundreds of them. It was all Dan and JD could do to keep them at bay without being swallowed themselves. For hours it seemed the two friends battled the Surfers before they finally felt like they were getting anywhere.

***

	Trixi opened her eyes and looked at Janey. It was only then that she realised they were spinning, slowly but getting steadily faster. She looked around at Jemma and Sara, both of whom seemed completely at ease. They were rising, getting closer and closer to where the shield had been, Trixi was sure of that, but she had no idea how high they were, nor how high they were going to go.

***

	Dan and JD continued to take out the Surfers, a painstaking process but one that must be carried out.
	“Does it look to you like it’s not just the Surfers making their way down now?” asked JD. He was right; the Black was advancing, drawing ever nearer to its eventual goal. There was a crackle over the radio. “What did you say mate? JD asked.
	“Nothing mate, but I heard that as well,” Dan replied. The next thirty seconds or so played out in slow motion. Both Dan and JD were startled by a scream, almost primordial in origin, as Pete burst through the Black. Behind him it seemed the dark entity had formed into a tornado of sorts and was chasing him down. Dan and JD looked down towards the surface of the planet to see what looked like Trixi and her sisters rising towards them. They were spinning incredibly fast, and flickers of electricity seemed to be passing between them all. 
	The two friends watched in awe as Pete guided his fighter between the sisters, twisting and turning as he did so. They followed suit, although avoiding the sisters they headed for the surface of Prima.
	“K,” JD barked into the radio, as they drew closer to the surface. “K, you need to set the trap.”

***

	“Was that for me?” K asked Tristian as she looked up from her half-drained glass.
	“I think so, yes,” she replied.
	“I have to go,” said K, running out of the door.
	“I’m coming with you,” Tristian shouted from behind her.
	“Well hurry,” replied K. “We can’t have much time.” They arrived in the command centre to see Pete's fighter hurtling down towards the ground. and Trixi, Janey, Jemma and Sara channelling the Black down after Pete. He was headed straight for the trap.
	“Set it now!” Dan screamed over the radio. “Get that fucking trap set!”
	“But Pete!” replied K.
	“Do it!” Dan yelled. “We got no choice, it's now or fucking death!” K flicked the switch. 
	She and Tristian watched on the scanner as Pete increased his speed, and his fighter disappeared from view, crashing into the ground inside the trap. There was a huge explosion which shook the foundations of the very building they were in.
	They watched as JD and Dan sped towards the crash site, slowing as they neared. 
	They watched with baited breath as the Black, seemingly unaware, entered the trap to gorge itself on Pete’s soul before it was lost, and they watched as the full power of the system’s twin suns was unleashed.
	There was a deafening noise, as close to a scream of pain and anguish as the Black could manage as the forces of light won over the forces of darkness.
	
***

	The light subsided, and with it the anguished screams of a once powerful entity. Trixi looked around at her sisters, sharing a smile which each of them in acknowledgement of a job well done. They slowly floated down to the ground, landing some way from the crash site to find Pete sat on the ground smoking a cigarette.
	“How?” asked Trixi. “That should have killed you.”
	“I know,” replied Pete. “It would have too if it hadn’t been for your gorgeous sister there.” Trixi turned to Janey.
	“How?” she asked for the second time.
	“I’m not sure,” replied Janey. “I just knew I really didn’t want him to die in that crash.” 
	“Well none of us did,” replied Trixi, still massively confused as to how her sister had saved Pete from certain death.
	“I’m just glad that I’m still around to share in the success,” said Pete, smiling at Janey. “And of course, I couldn’t miss the post-battle drinking session could I?”
	“You willed him not to die?” asked Trixi, refusing to drop the subject.
	“Yes,” replied Janey before taking hold of Pete’s head with both hands and planting a deep, passionate kiss on his lips.
	“Oh aye?” joked Dan. He and JD had just landed. “Glad you made it mate,” he said to Pete. “I’m almost certain we couldn’t have done it without you.” He gave him a friendly punch, before holding Pete in a manly embrace.
	“Right enough of that,” said JD. “It’s not that I’m getting jealous, I just want to get back to my woman.”
	“And me,” said Dan. “Not yours mind, mate.”
	“Glad to hear it,” replied JD with a chuckle. They set off back towards Two Rivers, JD and Dan in their fighters, the rest walking. Pete and Janey walked arm in arm, unable to keep their eyes or their hands off each other.
	“You know she’s still my little sister?” said Trixi. “And that I could without a doubt, kick your ass.”
	“Yeah… but…” Pete stammered.
	“She’s only fooling around,” said Janey. “Now shush you,” she said to Pete before kissing him deeply once more.

***

	K and Tristian were in the bar, waiting for their friends and significant others to return. 
	It was not long before they did so, and were all soon sat at the bar once more, Dan and Tristian having shared a kiss as passionate as you are ever likely to see. K was sat on JD’s lap, simply holding onto him, never wanting to let him go.
	“I think,” said Pete when he could prise Janey’s mouth from his own for a moment. “If we could just take a moment to remember Lefoile.” The group each raised their bottles, took a moment of silence, and then drank to the memory of Lefoile.

***

	Outside the air was cold; a crisp dawn frost lay on the ground. As the first sun poked its head over the horizon, vivid colours and shapes danced across the sky. The second sun was soon to follow, and a greater array of shades and contours collided with each other, depicting some epic battle that took place every day, and would continue to do so for years to come.


Chapter Nine
Eye of the Storm


	Peering through his high-powered telescope, Frank West brought the constellation into focus, smiling as he did so. He was one of many amateur astronomers tasked with mapping the stars visible from the binary system. So far he'd sighted several other stars he believed to house habitable worlds, and jotted the information in his notebook.
	He spun the pendulum of the machine around, aiming at a point a few inches above the dual plane of the binary star system, hoping to catch sight of something in the shadow of the twin suns.
	Frank reeled back in pain however, ripping his headphones from his head and throwing them to the floor. The noise still ringing in his ears he glanced to his right, looking at the data readouts.
	“That can't be good,” he said gruffly to himself.

***
	
	“We need them on board,” explained Redmond, the Vice-President. “I am certain that we would not be here if it had not been for their efforts.”
	“I understand completely Redmond,” replied Witter, President of the newly formed Planetary Council. “But do you really think that they will trust us, or any form of Government ever again after what our predecessors put them through last year?” Witter brushed his hair out of his eyes with his hand before continuing. “They would certainly be an asset to us, of that I have no doubt.”
	“Well we definitely do not want them as enemies,” said Redmond. “We must do everything in our power get them on our side.”
	Witter stood and slowly walked the four feet to the window. He stared out, as if looking for something in particular. “You have heard stories about Earth, Redmond?”
	“Yes Sir,” replied Redmond. “Of course, it is our ancestral home.”
	“Quite,” replied Witter. “However I find myself questioning something.”
	“What is that, Sir?”
	“Our ancestors destroyed Earth,” Witter paused. “And that is only one planet. I find myself questioning the difference between then and now.”
	“Is the fact that our technology is far superior not enough?” asked Redmond.
	“I am not sure that it is enough,” Witter sighed. “We are all only human after all, what is to stop us making the same mistakes we made before?”
	“Possibly, Sir,” the Vice-President chose his words carefully. “I suppose we can only hope that as a race we that we have indeed learned from our past mistakes.”
	There was a knock at the door and Miss Smith, Witter’s personal assistant entered the room.
	"Sir," Miss Smith spoke, her voice soft and light. "The delegates are here."
	"Thank you Miss Smith," Witter replied. "Please show them in." Miss Smith left the room. Moments later six men and women entered the room, each taking a seat around the huge oval table that filled the room. Witter looked around at the newcomers and smiled. They were representatives of each region of worlds. Under the newly formed Planetary Council, there were six regions. Each ring, Inner, Middle and Outer were divided into two sections. Each of the delegates now sat at the table whilst answering ultimately to the President, were responsible for one of these six regions.
	"Thank you all for coming," began Witter, once he'd allowed his guests to get comfortable. "I am sure you all know why you are here.”
	He looked around, his guests were nodding in agreement. 	"As you all know, we have picked up some rather strange signals with our long range scanners." Witter looked around at Redmond, who on cue switched on a visual display in the centre of the table. "We are here, as you know almost central in the system. The signals we are picking up have their origins we believe, here." He turned to Redmond again, who focused the display on a system several hundred light years away.
	"Do we think these signals are human?" asked one of the delegates.
	"We have no reason to assume otherwise," replied Witter. "We have not encountered any other sentient life since our arrival."
	"That is not to say that there is no sentient life," insisted the delegate once more. She was a striking red head, representative of one of the Outer regions.
	"Indeed," replied Witter, calmly. "However, I think we can safely assume that the origins of these signals are indeed human."
	"May I remind you, Sir, that should there be any show of aggression from these possible humans, my region is effectively on the front line," the red head said, in a tone indicating her frustration.
	"That has been taken into account, yes," Witter replied, keeping the same calm tone as before. "I would, however, like to take this opportunity to remind you of your place at this table Ms Strachan."
	"My apologies Mr President," replied the red head. "However I would like to make a recommendation, that being that we send a military team to investigate."
	"That has already been suggested to me," replied Witter, smiling. "But I believe a military team is not the answer."
	"Then what?" asked another delegate.
	"It is at this point I would like to hand over proceedings to the Vice-President," replied Witter, slowly easing himself into his seat.
	"Thank you Mr President." Redmond nodded at Witter as he stood. "Ladies and Gentlemen, I'm sure you are aware, as we all are, there is no doubt that we owe our very lives to a small group of people currently based on the planet, Prima?"
	"Yes," Ms Strachan said. "Were it not for the bravery of those civilians we as a species would now be extinct."
	"Correct," Redmond went on. "I shall cut to the chase."
	He cleared his throat. "We feel that the best course of action would be to recruit those same persons for this mission, which of course is primarily one of reconnaissance."
	"They are civilians," Ms Strachan pointed out. "They do not have the correct training to deal with anything, should a military situation arise, for example."
	"I think that they have more than proved themselves in that field," replied Redmond. "As you said yourself Ms Strachan, each and every one of us owe our lives to them."
	"Thank you Redmond," Witter said as he got quickly to his feet.. "We shall put it to the vote, I myself shall be voting for this action. Convincing the individuals concerned may be difficult, but that is a bridge we shall cross should the vote go positively."
	The vote was unanimous. The saviours of Mankind would once again be asked to come to the aid of their race.
	The delegates long gone, the President and Vice-President were alone once more.
	"Do you think that this is the right course of action, Redmond?" Witter pondered.
	"I think, Sir, that this decision is the better of the two options we have," replied Redmond carefully.
	"Would you care to elaborate on that my friend?" said Witter, putting a match to his cigar.
	"Well we could indeed send out a military unit and risk losing personnel of the situation turns out to be hostile," Redmond went on. "However by sending civilians we are not technically risking any of our own men."
	"As you yourself pointed out, these civilians though have more than proved themselves," said Witter.
	"And that is why I do not feel guilty about taking this course of action," replied Redmond. "They are more than capable of dealing with any situation, of that I'm certain."
	"The only problem I foresee is, as we said before, convincing them to do it."
	"Indeed Sir, although from what intelligence I have been able to gather we need only convince their leader, and the rest will follow," said Redmond with a smile.
	"Ah yes, the girl," replied Witter. "What was her name, Redmond?"
	"Trixi, Mr President."

***

	Trixi smiled as she lit a cigarette, staring intently and considering her course of action. Having done so she bent over, flicking her hair out of her eyes, lined up her shot and struck the cue ball.
	A perfect double into the middle pocket.
	She laid her cue down on the table, smiled at her opponent and happily took his money from him. She walked over to the bar, her hips swaying seductively. Anyone watching would have seen her figure perfectly outlined in her jeans and tight t-shirt, and people were indeed watching for Trixi was probably the most lusted after female in Two Rivers, capital city on Prima.
	"Another guy thinkin' he can kick your arse?" asked Pete, as Trixi sat down next to him. She flicked her ash into the ashtray.
	"They do keep trying," replied Trixi. "I don't even know how much I've won, I lost count a while ago."
	"Have you heard from Dan?" Pete asked, laughing.
	"Not a word," Trixi said. "How long have he and Tristian been gone now?"
	"Must be a couple of months now," replied Pete. "Strange match though, don't you think?"
	"I dunno," replied Trixi, taking a drag on her cigarette. "She makes him happy, and let’s be fair she is absolutely gorgeous."
	"You noticed that as well?" Pete said, smiling.
	"Damn straight," Trixi laughed. "Have you seen the arse on her?"
	"Sometimes it's all I think about," replied Pete with a chuckle.
	"Changing the subject just a little," began Trixi. "The mayor wants you and I to attend a meeting on Sunday."
	"Any idea what's in store?" Pete asked.
	"Not a clue," said Trixi, pausing to take another drag on her cigarette. "He did say he thought it would be in our best interests to attend."
	"Sounds intriguing," replied Pete, without much enthusiasm.
	"That's one way to put it."
	"Who else is gonna' be there?" asked Pete.
	"Dave Lang," replied Trixi.
	"The Governor? What the fuck does he want?" said Pete. "I'm still not comfortable with this new regime, not after all that bullshit last year."
	"I know," Trixi paused, apparently deep in thought. "Neither am I particularly, but they do seem to be running things quite smoothly and as yet they've not tried to kill or capture any of us."
	"This is true," Pete mused. "But I do consider that a bonus, I can't say I trust a single one of the bastards."
	"I have no idea what he wants," replied Trixi, lighting another cigarette. "It may be nothing to do with us, but I guess we're a pretty big deal round these parts. Maybe he just wants to see how we are."
	"I doubt it."

***

	Tristian skipped lightly up the steps to the chalet, her board slung over her shoulder. She lifted her goggles before entering the chalet, knocking her boots against the door frame as she did so. Moments later Dan entered the chalet, removing his beanie and letting his dreadlocks flow freely once more.
	"I can't believe you beat me down," said Dan, grabbing Tristian around her waist and kissing her on her neck.
	"Well I did tell you that you didn't stand a chance," replied Tristian. "Are you gonna' put the kettle on?"
	"Yeah don't you worry about that," said Dan. He couldn't believe his luck, amongst all the chaos and turmoil that had surrounded not only his, but his friends’ lives he had found an amazing girl, and she thought the world of him. He and Tristian had spent the last two months skiing and boarding on the resort moon of Ethos and were due to head back to Prima the following day. He lit a cigarette and passed it to Tristian before lighting one for himself. "Are you ready to get back to your bar?" he asked as he poured the boiling water into a mug.
	"Yeah," replied Tristian. "I just hope that Jemma's been running things OK, I've not heard a thing from her."
	"I'm sure the bar will be fine," said Dan, smiling. "Jemma's got Trixi's genes, remember?"

***

	Pete threw on a sweater and left his flat. It was winter on Prima and whilst not being particularly cold, there was a definite chill to the air. He'd nothing planned for the day. Lang wouldn't be arriving until the next day so Pete decided to take it easy. He fished in his pocket for the keys to his Jeep, jumped in the driver's seat and set off. 
	He headed out of Two Rivers and took the Jeep around the dirt tracks that surrounded the town, driving as fast as he dared as the tracks were quite dangerous.
	After an hour or so, he headed back towards Two Rivers and as he drove past the docking station he screeched to a halt, reversing at speed.
	"You guys need a ride?" he asked as he jumped out of the Jeep.
	"Mate, how you doing?" asked Dan, as he threw his rucksack to the floor and shook Pete's hand.
	"All good man," replied Pete. "You guys just got back in?"
	"Yeah, literally," replied Dan.
	"Hey Pete," said Tristian, not wanting to be left out.
	"Hey darlin' how you doin'?" Pete smiled as he kissed Tristian on her cheek.
	"Glad you guys are back," Pete paused. "We have Dave Lang in town tomorrow."
	"What the fuck does he want?" asked Dan.
	"You're as much in the dark as the rest of us mate," replied Pete. "But we're gonna' find out." Dan and Tristian threw their gear in the back of the Jeep, and Pete drove them home.
	"Give us an hour mate and we'll see you down at the bar," said Dan. "Cheers for the ride man."

***

	"Well it's about time you two got back," said Trixi, standing to hug both Dan and Tristian.
	"Missed us have you?" asked Dan, smiling. "We could always go back for a month if you like."
	"Not just yet," replied Trixi. "We might have something going down."
	"Yeah, Pete said," replied Dan, lighting a cigarette. "Any ideas?"
	"No," was the reply.
	"Only one thing for it then," said Dan, turning to the bar. "Get pissed and worry about it tomorrow."

***

	The morning came, and sure enough Governor Dave Lang arrived on Prima as scheduled. The meeting was to take place at the town hall and Trixi, Pete, Dan and Tristian were all in attendance along with the Mayor of Two Rivers, Jefferson Plank and Governor Lang.
	"Thank you all for taking the time to come to this meeting," said Lang. "Now please treat this not as a formal meeting, more as an informal chat."
	"So what?" asked Dan. "You want us to treat you as our best friend?"
	"More as a distant cousin," replied Lang, taking Dan's quip in his stride he turned to Trixi. "Now the information I am about to divulge is to be guarded with the utmost secrecy. Mayor Plank has personally vouched for all of you and the rest of your team, and as far as I am concerned his word is good." Lang looked around at his audience. He knew the history, just as he knew he was more than likely going to be in for a rough ride here.
	"What information would that be?" asked Trixi.
	"We have picked up a signal," replied Lang.
	"And?" Dan remarked.
	"We have no idea of the origins of this signal, other than it's not in our system."
	"Then from where does it originate?" asked Jefferson Plank.
	"A system several hundred light years away," replied Lang. "Ironically enough, we believe it lies between here and the Milky Way."
	"Earth?" asked Trixi.
	"We think not," Lang paused. "Although of course we cannot be sure of this."
	"Where exactly do we fit in?" asked Pete.
	"Well," Lang paused again taking the time to gaze upon his audience once more. "Your team is required to investigate this signal."
	"Shouldn't that be a military operation?" asked Dan.
	"Unfortunately we are not in a situation to launch a military operation at this time, and besides you have the only ship in this system capable of travelling such a distance on this time scale," Lang took a deep breath. "The Reaper, I believe she is called."
	"With all due respect Governor," began Pete. "What makes you think that we would even think about carrying out this mission? We were hounded like dogs by the Planetary Parliament, and now this new regime is in place you think that all it takes is for you to click your fingers and all is forgiven?"
	"Not at all," replied Lang. "We of course have a bargaining chip," Lang turned to Trixi. "We will help you and your sisters discover why you are here."
	"Only if we carry out this mission for you though?" asked Trixi.
	"That is correct, yes," replied Lang.
	"Fair enough,” she replied with a shrug. “We'll need some time to think it over though."
	"Of course."

***
	
	The meeting was over and Trixi's head was spinning. She was sure there was something sinister afoot but how could she turn down the chance to discover the reasons for her existence in history of her own time? She owed it to herself and to her sisters. 	She sat at the bar downing pint after pint, smoking her way through a packet of cigarettes.
	"You're really considering this, aren't you?" asked Tristian as she handed Trixi another pint.
	"What choice do I have?" Trixi replied.
	"You know that whatever you decide the guys are all gonna' stick by you," said Tristian. "I mean I can't speak for all of them but I know for a fact that Dan would go to the end of the world if you asked him to."
	"I know," replied Trixi. "It's a big decision though. I'm almost certain that we're gonna' get fucked over, but on the other hand I think that's a risk that I have to take."
	"Well I'm in," replied Tristian. "I'll leave Jemma in charge, she did an OK job while we were away," she paused. "If that's OK with you of course."
	"It is," replied Trixi. "Of course it is, I consider you part of the team anyway."
	"I'm honoured," replied Tristian, pushing her chest out proudly as she spoke. "I don't know what to say."
	"You don't need to say anything," said Trixi, unable to take her eyes off Tristian's heaving chest. She shook herself to clear her head. "Now how about another drink?" she asked as she lit a cigarette.
	"Sounds good," replied Tristian, pouring Trixi yet another pint. "Have you spoken to anyone else about this yet?"
	"Not yet, no," said Trixi. "I'm not sure how they're gonna' feel about carrying out a mission for the Council."
	"Well there's only one way to find out," replied Tristian smiling.
"I know," Trixi paused. "I'll talk to them tomorrow, I've got to go after this one and sleep on this some more first.”
	"Understandably so," replied Tristian. "This is a huge thing to take in, I'm just glad it's you having to make the decision and not me."
	"What if it all does go wrong, and we do end up being screwed?" asked Trixi. She was letting the drink get to her, and was unable to let things lie. "I mean I know that's why it's us that's being asked to go, just in case these signals are hostile, but I'm not sure I can ask everyone to risk their lives like that."
	"Look I've said it before and I'll say it again," began Tristian kindly. "You are their leader, and more importantly than that you're their friend. I doubt you will even have to ask, and they'll be there."
	"You're probably right," Trixi conceded.
	"It doesn't happen very often," began Tristian, chuckling. "But in this case I most definitely am, now go home babe and get some sleep, you deserve it."
	Trixi stood up and smiled. "Thank you," she said, before walking home. Tristian watched her leave and as the bar was almost empty aside from a group sat in the corner, she poured herself a drink and sat down on one of the bar stools at the bar. A half hour or so passed by before Dan entered. He walked straight up to Tristian and kissed her passionately, running his hands over her body.
	"Everything alright?" He asked when he came up for air.
	"I'm OK," replied Tristian. "Trixi's worried though."
	"About what?"
	"About asking you guys to take this mission."
	"She doesn't have to ask, she knows that," said Dan. "We're going with her whether she asks us to or not."
	"That's what I told her," replied Tristian.
	"Let's not worry about that now though," said Dan. "What say you to a little dancing?"
	"Well kind sir," replied Tristian, putting on a very well-spoken accent. "That sounds marvellous."
	"In that case, madame, allow me to put on some music," Dan mimicked Tristian's voice. "What would madam like?" he asked walking over to the jukebox.
	"Something with a beat," Tristian replied. "Something I can get my teeth into," she paused. "Something... dirty."
	"Just how I like it." Dan paused as he studied the jukebox intently. "How about this?" He pressed a button, and the introduction to 'My Last Serenade', by Kill Switch Engage began to play.
	"This is perfect," replied Tristian, as the introduction continued. "Now are you sure you're ready for this?"
	"Baby," replied Dan, a huge smile spreading over his face. "I was born for this shit." 
	As the introduction neared its end, both of them knowing exactly when the dirty, crunching guitars would kick in they stood, legs apart and heads bowed in a few seconds silence. The guitars kicked in and Dan and Tristian began to mosh, whilst both screaming the lyrics at the top of their lungs, letting their bodies move freely as the music flowed through them.
	The track came to an end all too soon, but both Dan and Tristian felt free, while the track was playing and for just a few moments afterwards. They held each other close, running their hands over each others bodies, not wanting the moment to end.

***

	Governor Dave Lang pressed the receive button on his video phone.
	"Good evening Mr President," Governor Lang said.
	"Good evening Governor," replied Witter. "You have some good news for me I trust?"
	"She has asked for time to consider our request fully, and for time to converse with the rest of her team," replied Governor Lang. "I granted this request, as we must remember that what we are asking of her is huge, I certainly would not like to be in her shoes."
	"Do you think the outcome will be what we are hoping for?" asked Witter.
	"I do," replied Governor Lang. "I believe she will contact me tomorrow with her answer."
	"Please inform me as soon as she does."
	"Yes Mr President."
	"I look forward to our next conversation," Witter said before terminating the call. Governor Lang cut his end of the call and lay down on the bed in his hotel room.
	Privately he thought the signals that had been picked up were nothing to worry about, and that the President was making a fuss about nothing. He would not disclose these thoughts to anyone of course; least of all President Witter. He could not be seen to be not onside.

***

	Sure enough, Governor Lang was awoken the following morning by an incoming video call.
	"Governor Lang," said Trixi once Lang had accepted the call. "We will take the mission, on the condition that on our return you keep your promise."
	"I shall make arrangements straight away," replied Lang. "We do no know how long this mission will take you, but the wheels will be set in motion as soon as I call the President."
	"Thank you Governor," replied Trixi. Governor Lang terminated the call, and immediately put a call through to the President.
	"I hope you have some good news for me Lang," said the President.
	"Yes I do Mr President," replied Lang. "The girl has accepted the mission, she and her team will be setting off within the next couple of days."
	"That is good news," replied the President. "Thank you Lang, please keep me updated as to their progress.”
	"Yes Mr President," replied Lang, before Witter cut him off.

***

	Trixi had her team together. It was the first time in a month or so that they had all been in the same room so a little revelry between them all was to be expected. Trixi allowed this to continue for a few minutes before she spoke.
	"How we doin' guys?" she asked. "I'm gonna' assume that we all know why we're here?"
	"Ain't that cos we gotta' save the universe again?" asked Dan, laughing.
	"I'm sure it won't come to that," replied Trixi. "But yes, our help has been requested," she paused, and looked around at her friends. "I said that we would take the mission, they made an offer that I found myself unable to refuse."
	"What was that then?" asked JD.
	"They're gonna' help my sisters and I discover what we are doing on this time line," replied Trixi. "We all know that the four of us are not supposed to be here, and it's not that we want to leave but I think we owe it to ourselves to at least discover why."
	"Fair enough," replied JD.
	"So do they really think that these signals are anything to worry about?" asked K.
	"I don't know what they think," said Trixi, glad that she had her team on side. "But going on past experience, I'm certain we're in for a rough ride."
	"Sounds like our kinda' party," said Dan, laughing once more as he high-fived Pete. "Let's go kick the shit outta' something."

***

	"What's our heading?" asked JD as he sat down in the pilot’s chair. He had missed this, the gang, the Reaper and his pilot’s chair.
	"The co-ordinates I've been given put us almost half-way between here and Earth," replied Pete, as he entered the co-ordinates into the navigation unit.
	"Are we all go down there K?" JD asked down the com.
	"We are babe," replied K. "Just getting used to being down here again."
	"I dunno' about you guys," began Dan, thoughtfully. "But it feels like yesterday that we were right here, setting off to do fuck knows what."
	"Yeah the difference this time," replied JD. "Is that we're gonna' be monitored every step of the way by some stuck up wanker who thinks he's all that, just because he beat the other guy."
	"Witter was the best out of the lot," sad Dan. "You're right though, he is a fucking wanker."
	Trixi sat and listened to her friends. She, like the rest, had missed this, but she couldn't shake the feeling that this time was different, if only because of the deal that had been struck between herself and Lang.
	"Are you guys hungry?" asked Tristian over the com. "Me and Janey have cooked up something nice down here."
	"That's my girl," Dan laughed. "What we got darlin'?"
	"You'll find out soon enough," said Janey. "You do your bit getting us in the air, and then head on down here."
	“Incoming message guys,” said Pete, flicking a few switches randomly. “It’s Witter.”
	“Good morning Mr President,” said Trixi. “What can we do for you?”
	“I’m just making sure that we are on schedule,” replied  Witter.
	“Well we would be,” began Dan. “If we didn’t keep getting interrupted.”
	“Fair enough,” replied Witter. “I would appreciate it though, if you would keep me informed as to your progress.”
	“Of course Sir,” replied Trixi. “Now if you don’t mind we have a mission to carry out.”
	“Yes,” said Witter. “Yes of course, do not let me detain you any longer,” and with that he terminated the transmission.
	“Let’s get this over with,” said Trixi, turning to JD.
	“Yes Ma’am,” replied JD as he flicked the ignition switch. “We’ll be out of atmo in two minutes K, make sure you’re ready with the Half-Light.”
	“Ready as I’m gonna’ be,” replied K.
	“I really don’t like him,” said Dan.
	“Who?” asked Trixi.
	“Witter,” replied Dan. “I just can’t shake the feeling that we’re gonna’ end up having to kill him.”
	“Mate you say that every time a pizza ain’t delivered on time,” said Pete, laughing.
	“I know,” replied Dan. “But where the pizza guy is concerned I’m nearly always joking.”
	“Ten seconds K.”
	“Well we’ll make a deal right now Dan,” began Trixi. “If it comes down to it, you can kill Witter yourself.”
	“Really?” asked Dan, beaming from ear to ear. “That means a lot Ma’am, thank you.”
	“Hit the Half-Light.” The Reaper instantly disappeared, being transported instantaneously through time and space, reappearing only seconds later at the point of the signal's origin.
	“This is it,” said Pete. “The nav com says we’re here.”
	“Empty space?” asked Dan. “We’ve come here to investigate empty space?”
	“It would certainly appear so,” replied Trixi.
	“Empty fucking space?” asked Dan again, getting agitated.
	“Wait,” JD stared out of the windscreen. “Do you guys see that?”
	“Looks kinda’ blurry,” replied Dan.
	“Are we still picking up the signal?” asked Trixi.
	“No,” replied Pete. “It seems to have vanished.”
	“I don’t like it,” said Dan. “Something ain’t right.”
	“Guys we have a problem,” K shouted into the com. “Something’s draining power. We haven’t lost any systems yet but we need to leave now.”
	“Can you locate the source of the drain?” asked Trixi.
	“It’s something outside,” replied K. “That’s all I can tell.”
	“When did it start?”
	“As soon as we made the jump,” replied K. “Now get us outta’ here.”
	“My controls aren’t responding,” said JD. “They’ve just stopped working.”
	“Guys we have another problem,” said Dan, staring out of the windscreen. “You know that blurry thing, well it’s getting bigger and less blurry.” The crew watched helplessly as the anomaly grew closer, changing course rapidly every few seconds but drawing ever closer to the Reaper.
	“Do we know what it is?” asked Trixi.
	“I can’t be sure,” replied Pete. “But I think it’s a solar storm.”
	“There’s not a star around for light years,” said Trixi, her voice filled with dread. “How can there be a solar storm out this far?”
	“I don’t know, I didn't write the rules of the fucking Universe,” replied Pete, his voice edged by a heavy sarcastic tone. “But if we get hit by that, then who knows where we’re gonna’ end up.”
	“Will it damage the Reaper?” asked Trixi.
	“We have our shields on maximum,” replied JD. “They would normally hold out pretty much indefinitely, but with this power drain we’ve got probably a couple of hours.”
	“Get down to the engine room,” ordered Trixi. “You and K see if you can’t figure out what’s causing this drain.”
	“Yes Ma’am,” replied JD as he jumped out of the pilot’s seat and ran for the engine room. Dan took his place in the pilot’s chair.
	“Just make sure that our shields stay on maximum Dan,” said Trixi. “We need those up while we try and figure out what to do.”
	“Yes Ma’am,” replied Dan as he tried to make the controls respond.
	“I overheard you guys talking,” said Tristian, coming onto the bridge. “I’ve heard stories about a space storm that leaves nothing intact, destroying everything in its path.”
	“Everything?” asked Pete. “Then where do the stories come from?”
	“I’m just saying that this is pretty much a nightmare for us,” replied Tristian. “We don’t have much of a chance.”
	“Yeah well we’re gonna’ have to play with what we got,” replied Trixi. “Not much chance is better then no chance at all and besides this is exciting! It’s good to be back out in the life or death scenarios again.”
	“Anyway guys, I just came up here to let you know that there’s food in the galley when you’re ready,” said Tristian, smiling at Dan as she left. None of them were particularly hungry, what with the impending doom and all, but all knew if they didn’t eat then they wouldn't function as best they could.
	“It’s gotta’ be that storm out there draining our power,” said Trixi, her mouth full of pasta bake. “Hasn’t it?”
	“Probably,” replied Pete. “As it gets closer to us I reckon it’ll drain us faster as well.”
	“Is there anyway we can shut off some of the power without it being drained?” asked Janey. “It’s just I might have an idea but it needs a fair bit of power to pull it off.”
	“How much is a fair bit?” asked Dan.
	“Enough to power the Half-Light,” replied Janey. 
	“The Half-Light’s not gonna do us any good if we can’t move,” said Trixi.
	“We will be moving,” replied Janey, calmly. “We’re gonna’ get buffeted along by that storm out there, which should give us enough momentum to let the Half-Light kick in.”
	“That’s a risky fucking move,” said Dan. “What if we ain’t got enough speed by the time the shields give out?”
	“You’d better make sure that we do have,” said Trixi, turning to Dan. “I want you to shut down all non-essential systems, and I do mean all of them.”
	“Yes Ma’am,” replied Dan. “So you want us left with life support and shields?”
	“That’s right,” replied Trixi. “Get on the com to K and JD and let them know what’s what,” She paused for a moment. “Tell them to get some food as well.”
	“Yes Ma’am,” replied Dan, heading for the bridge.

***

	The crew waited for that was all they could do. Pete estimated the storm would hit them in about twenty minutes. 	They were ready for it, as soon as the storm hit Dan would divert all power to the shields, which in turn should buy enough time for the storm to aid them in their search for maximum speed. Dan lit a cigarette as he watched the storm draw closer. It flitted about like a fish on a line, never motionless. 
	“It’s gonna’ hit any minute guys,” Dan shouted down the com. “Brace yourselves.”
	“All you need to worry about is making sure you get all power to the shields,” replied Trixi. “We’ll worry about bracing ourselves.”
	The storm hit.
	At first it seemed to be avoiding the Reaper, as if it were nothing more than an obstacle for it to go around. But then with a jolt the vessel got caught, and slowly but surely moved along with the momentum given to it by the storm.
	“How are our shields looking?” asked Trixi.
	“Good for now,” replied Dan. “But we could do with picking up the pace, I reckon we have fifteen minutes before we get deep fried.” The storm outside seemed to listen, as in almost the same instant that Dan spoke the Reaper appeared to pick up speed.
	"What was that?" K yelled from the engine room.
	"We're picking up speed," replied Dan. "Still not enough though," Within seconds The Reaper accelerated almost to a speed fast enough to use the Half-Light. Almost as quickly, The Reaper appeared to lose its momentum and came to a complete stand still.
	"We've stopped?" Trixi said down the com. "Why have we stopped?" No one said a word. "Will someone please tell me why the fuck we have stopped fucking moving.?"
	"I have no idea," replied Dan, looking over the scanners in vain as he sought an answer.
	"We've hit the eye of the storm," said Janey, running up to the bridge. "Keep those shields up to full power else we're gonna' get a shock when we pass through the eye."
	"We're not gonna' have enough momentum," said Dan. "It took us too long to get almost up to speed the first time, there's no way we'll make it to the speed we need to at the second time of asking."
	"It's the only option we have," replied Trixi. "K how are we looking with those engines?”
	"We don't have enough power to start her up," replied K, almost in tears.
	"In that case we'll have to take our chances with the storm," said Trixi. "If any of you are in any way religious, I suggest now might be a good time to start praying."
	"Fuck that," replied Dan. "We may be screwed but we're going down fighting, ain't no way I'm wasting what may well be my last breaths praying for help. There has to be something we can do to boost the power, we don't need much more."
	"If we turn off the life support how much more power would that give us?" asked Pete.
	"That might work," replied Dan.
	"How long would we get before the air gives out?" asked Trixi.
	"We have an hour of air without life support, so that should in theory be enough time," replied Pete. "It's gotta' be worth a go."
	"OK," said Trixi, reaching a decision. "Turn off life support."
	"Yes Ma'am," replied Dan. "I hope this fucking works." Dan flicked the switch, and watched the light fade on the console. "I really hope this fucking works," An alarm went off to signify that life support was no longer operational, a shrill, high pitched alarm, the kinda' noise that got caught in your head, and you just knew you wouldn't be able to shake for days.
	Almost as suddenly as it ended, the buffeting of the Reaper began once more.
	"Guys we're back in the storm and picking up speed fast," Dan shouted down the com. "K keep trying to get those engines started, you should have enough power now life support isn't draining the coffers."
	"I'm trying," replied K. "She just don't wanna' go."
	"We're almost up to speed," Dan shouted. "Are you ready with the Half-Light?"
	"I'm on it," replied JD.
	"The power drain is getting more severe," Dan shouted. "No hesitation."
	"Worry ye not fella," replied JD. "You just tell me when."
	"Ten seconds."
	No one spoke, the only sounds were the intense buffeting of the Reaper by the storm outside, and the life support alarm.
	"Five."
	JD was counting down in his head. Everyone on board held their breath. The alarm continued to accentuate the silence.
	"Now!" Dan yelled. JD hit the Half-Light. The Reaper disappeared, leaving behind her the storm in all her glory.

***

	"Have we any news from the mission?" asked President Witter.
	"No Mr President," replied Redmond.
	"I hope we have not sent them to their deaths," said Witter. "That would be more than a little unfortunate, if only because we have no one else to send in their place.”
	"Yes Sir," said Redmond, amazed by the President's nonchalance. "Of course it would also be a tragic waste of life."
	"It would?" The President seemed to Redmond to be in a world of his own making. "Yes, it would Redmond." He snapped out of it and came back to the real world once more. "Of course it would."
	"I do however feel that we should give them a little more time before we think about writing them off," suggested the Vice President. "I think they are more resourceful than we give them credit for."
	"You may well be right Redmond," conceded Witter. "I hope for our sakes that you are."

***

	"Any ideas where we are?" asked JD as he came onto the bridge. "We kinda punched a loada' numbers into the Half-Light and let it take us anywhere."
	"Well mate, funnily enough I do know where we are," replied Dan, smiling. "And look, we've picked up the signal again." The life support alarm ceased making its shrill noise. "And may I say that it's about time that fucking alarm stopped. We can all breathe easy again," he said, lighting a cigarette.
	"So where are we?" asked JD
	"Yeah," said Trixi, arriving on the bridge. 
	"Well what do you all see right there?" Dan asked, pointing to a planet on the scanner.
	"Well there are definite life signs," said Trixi.
	"A lot of them by the looks of things," said Pete, getting in on the conversation.
	"Are we on the right time line?" asked JD. "Because that looks like Earth, a heavily populated Earth."
	"We're on the right time line," replied Dan. "I've done every check I can.”
	"He's right," said Janey. "We're... home."


Chapter Ten
The Marie Celeste


	“So," said Pete, after an inordinate amount of time during which ice ages could have come and gone. "Earth?"
	"More to the point," said JD. "A populated Earth."
	"What the fuck? I mean really, what the fuck?" asked Trixi. "I mean I know that all our systems show everything is as it should be. The year is correct, and we're on the right time line."
	"Yup," muttered Dan.
	"What I don't understand," said Tristian, "is everything."
	"Well I tell you sweetie you ain't alone," said Dan with a weak smile.
	"I suppose we should try and make contact," said JD. "After all we've found the source of the signal."
	"Make the call," ordered Trixi.
	"Who to?" asked Dan. "We've no fucking clue who sent that signal."
	"I guess you're right," she conceded. "Take us down and we'll have a scout around."
	"Yes Ma'am," replied JD. 
	"We're over Europe judging by the landmass," said Janey. 
	"Let's see what Europe has to offer then shall we?" suggested Trixi as JD took the Reaper down.
	"Entering atmo in fifteen seconds," said Pete. "Guys we have an incoming message."
	"Put it on screen," ordered Trixi. Pete did so and she spoke. "This is the Reaper, we have come in response to a signal picked up by our people, and in no way do we mean any harm." On screen was the head and shoulders of a clean shaven man, likely around thirty or thirty-five years old.
	"This is Commander Dave Rogers of the London Defence Organisation," the man on screen spoke. "Can you identify yourselves as human?"
	"We most certainly are human," replied Trixi. "We thought Earth had been abandoned, your presence here is very much a surprise to us."
	"That's as maybe," replied Rogers. "However we cannot simply accept your word that you are in fact, human." he paused for a moment, and seemed to be talking to someone else. "You may land though; we are sending you the co-ordinates as we speak. You will accept my apologies for the reception you receive, as there will be armed guards. You and your crew will of course not be armed. Do you accept these terms?"
	"We do," replied Trixi. "We will require an explanation though."
	"You shall receive one," said Rogers. "Please proceed.”
	"This is fucked up," said Dan, chuckling lightly. "This is so fucked up!"
	"You swear too much, you know that?" asked Trixi, laughing.
	"Don't talk shit,” he replied with a laugh to match hers. “And besides, don't you think this situation deserves it?"
	"Yeah I guess you're right," Trixi replied. "You got those co-ordinates JD?" She asked as she turned to the pilot.
	"Yes Ma'am, taking us down now," he replied.
	"Any idea where they're taking us Janey?" Trixi asked, turning to her younger sister.
	"London Docking Station," replied Janey. "The old Gatwick Airport."
	"That doesn't really help," replied Trixi. "But at least we're not going in completely blind." Moments later the Reaper and her crew landed at London Docking Station. Looking out in front of the ship the crew could see a small army.
	"Fuck, when he said there'd be armed guards he wasn't fucking kidding, was he?" said Dan, almost under his breath.
	"You guys ready?" asked Trixi, taking a deep breath.
	"Yeah," replied Dan. "Let me just light a cigarette."
	The crew left the Reaper through the cargo bay. Walking down the ramp they were greeted by a gust of incredibly warm air.
	"Mr Rogers I presume?" Trixi asked the man who approached them.
	"Commander actually," replied Commander Rogers.
	"I'm Trixi," she replied. "Captain of this vessel. This is my crew." She tilted her head towards her friends. "Dan, JD, Janey, K, Pete and Tristian." The Commander nodded a greeting.
	"I don't like the way these guys are looking at us," whispered Dan to Tristian. "They look... twitchy."
	"They are a little tense," said Commander Roberts, having overheard Dan's comment. "Things here are a little hectic to say the least."
	"How so?" asked Trixi.
	"All will be revealed in due course," replied the Commander, then turning to his troops. "Stand down boys." The troops that had previously had their weapons trained on Trixi and her crew stood down, and the crew breathed a sigh of relief.

***

	"There is much we don't understand," said Trixi. They were all sat in Commander Rogers’ office. It wasn't particularly large but there was room aplenty for the small gathering. "For starters it was our understanding that all Mankind had left Earth almost two hundred and twenty years ago."
	"You are partially correct," replied Commander Rogers.
	"Partially?" asked Dan.
	"The majority of the population left Earth, there were around a million or so of us left behind," Commander Rogers began to explain. "For twenty years those left behind were ravaged by disease and by hunger."
	"Surely someone must have known," said Trixi.
	"Oh sure people knew alright," said Commander Rogers, sarcastically. "They just didn't care, or chose not to." He sighed. "Just when we thought all hope was lost we encountered an alien life form; or rather we were encountered by, an alien life form. They had the bodies of men and of women although they were neither. At first those left behind thought that it was the rest of our kind that had come to our aid. They cured the disease, they rebuilt the planet, and then they fed upon us."
	"What?" asked Pete, not really sure if he was hearing this right. "They fed upon humans?"
	"That is correct, yes," Rogers went on. "Whilst we are in no doubt that if the alien race had not come to our aid we would have died, we are also cursed by their presence."
	"How many?" asked Dan.
	"I don't know," replied Rogers. "Millions most likely."
	"Have people not fought back?" asked Trixi.
	"We have tried, but they are too great in number," replied Rogers. "They seem to have the ability to regenerate themselves. They have farms where humans are kept like animals in cages, fed and watered once daily. The beings have as much food as they will ever need to sustain themselves however on occasion they attack, and either capture more, or kill purely for pleasure." Rogers continued, looking extremely forlorn. "We do what we can to survive, but we have no way to tell if they are amongst us or not. We ran a scan on your ship, which is an impressive piece of hardware by the way, and found only traces of human DNA, but short of testing the DNA of everyone on the planet we can not tell."
	"You can never tell?" asked Tristian.
	"Not until the feed is upon them," replied Commander Rogers. "It is not until then that they show themselves for what they are. I have seen them feed, many of my friends have gone that way and it is not a pretty sight believe me." There was a knock on the door. "Will you excuse me a moment?" Rogers stood and left the room.
	"I gotta' say I wasn't expecting this," said Dan, saying out loud what he was sure everyone else was thinking.
	"Anything we can do?" asked Pete.
	"Not that I can think of," said Janey.
	"Well there definitely ain't a thing we can do then," said Dan. "Not if even Janey can't come up with something."
	"We should put a call in to Witter," JD suggested. "Let him know that Earth is still populated."
	"Maybe," said Trixi. "But not yet. I want to see what other information we can gather about this alien race," Commander Rogers entered the room just as Trixi finished talking.
	"We have lodgings prepared for you all," he said. "We shall continue this meeting in the morning."
	"Where are these lodgings?" asked Trixi.
	"Just outside the docking station there is a city," replied Commander Rogers. "I suppose for the sake of argument we should call it London, although it is nothing like the city it used to be. It is however, the only known safe haven on the planet. There are DNA checkpoints at every possible entrance to the city, and anyone who refuses a test my guards are instructed to shoot until dead."
	"Are we expected to take part in a DNA test?" asked Trixi.
	"Does that pose a problem?" asked Commander Rogers, answering Trixi's question with a question of his own.
	"None at all," replied Trixi. "Just making sure we are on the same page is all."
	"Good," Rogers stood. "Now if you will all follow me." They were led through a maze of tunnels and corridors, and a seemingly infinite number of doors, past various offices and work rooms until they were eventually outside. The heat was blistering, and yet it did not seem to bother the Commander, or any of his peers.
	"You want these guys testing?" asked a huge, burly man. He was seated in a small booth, his ripples of flesh almost spilling out as he sat there.
	"Yes Private," answered Commander Rogers. "I shall then escort them to their lodgings."
	"Yes Sir," replied the Private, in his slow dim-witted tone. He carried out a DNA test on each and every crew member, taking a swab on a cotton bud from each of their mouths. "This'll just take a few minutes."
	"Well so long as it proves we ain't aliens then I guess we'll wait," replied Dan as he lit a cigarette.
	"I should warn you," said Commander Rogers, turning to Dan. "Cigarettes are deemed unsanitary, and are therefore illegal anywhere off this base."
	"Eh," replied Dan not really listening. "You what?"
	"Smoking mate," said JD. "They kill you for that here."
	"Oh for fuck's sake," said Dan, throwing his cigarette to the floor and stamping it out. "What kinda' fucked up place is this?"
	"It is for the Greater Good," Commander Rogers insisted. "We understand where our ancestors failed. They were given this planet as a gift, and they spoiled that gift with every step of evolution and revolution they made."
	"What about a man's right to do what the fuck he wants?" asked Dan, angrily. "Does that not apply?"
	"Alas, no," replied the Commander. "I'm sure many of our customs will seem strange to you. I would ask that you obey them all the same."
	"Yeah whatever," replied Dan sullenly.
	"So let me get this straight," said Trixi as she turned to face Rogers. "Anything deemed unsanitary, anything that could pollute in the slightest possible way is now illegal here?"
	"It has been this way for two hundred years," replied Commander Rogers, as calmly as he could. "And it is not only pollutants that are illegal."
	"Go on," said Trixi.
	"Well I it is my understanding that our ancestors enjoyed an alcoholic beverage on occasion, or indeed perhaps a night of ill repute." A look of disgust spread over the Commander's face as he spoke. "These too, are illegal."
	"No sex before marriage, no drinking and no smoking," said Pete under his breath. "Sounds like we've wound up in a fucking cult or some shit."
	"They're clean Commander." With a satisfied smile, the ambling Private disabled the electrified barrier that had previously blocked their path.
	"Please, follow me," said the Commander. "I will show you to your lodgings."

***

	The lodgings were, for want of a better word, mediocre. They were impeccably clean but very Spartan with a bed, a small chest of drawers, a small kitchen area and a bathroom. All were laid out exactly the same, contained within an eight storey building.
	"Curfew will begin shortly," said Rogers. "We ask that you respect this, and do not leave your lodgings until the morning."
	"Of course," replied Trixi.
	"Thank you," The Commander left, walking away in a hurry.

***

	The next morning at seven, a klaxon rang out to signify the end of the curfew. The crew of the Reaper were talking over breakfast.
	"We need to leave," said Pete, quietly. "We need to return to Alpha, and let Witter know of this new threat. Our presence here won't go unnoticed by this alien race, I'm damn sure it won't be long before they pay our system a visit."
	"I agree," replied Trixi. "We need to get as much information as we can from Rogers before we go anywhere though."
	"The sooner we get out of here the better though," said Dan. "I'm fucking gagging for a smoke." They left the café, leaving a small gratuity on the table and headed back towards the base.
	"Tell Commander Rogers we're here to see him," said Trixi, as the same Private stopped them at the gate.
	"He knows," replied the Private. "He's already on his way down."
	"Thank you," replied Trixi. Within moments Rogers was at  the gate.
	“I understand you wish to leave,” the Commander said upon his arrival.
	“That’s right,” replied Trixi. “We must get back to our own world and warn our people about this potential threat.”
	“Of course, I understand completely,” said the Commander.
	“And there is little we can give by way of help, I mean I don’t want to make any promises that I can’t keep but I am sure that our Government will want to aid you in your plight, if only to protect our own system,” Trixi smiled.
	“Well any help that your Government is prepared to give would be greatly appreciated,” Rogers replied,  returning Trixi’s smile. “There is little else we can do ourselves.”
	“Of course the most difficult thing is going to be convincing our Government that there is indeed human life on Earth once more,” said Pete, feeling a little left out.
	“Indeed,” replied the Commander. “Were I not one of those living here I’m certain I would find it difficult to believe myself.”
	“I’m sure most would feel the same,” replied Trixi. “We do not want to return to our system empty handed though, our Government will require all the intelligence we can gather.”
	“All the information we have has already been uploaded to your ship’s computer systems,” replied Commander Rogers.
	“In which case we must go,” said Trixi. “We will of course keep in contact, and if the situation here changes you must let us know immediately.”
	“I shall see to it personally,” replied the Commander. “I look forward to our next meeting.” With that said, the Commander turned and strode off.
	“I guess that’s it then,” said Dan with a shrug.
	“It is,” replied Trixi. “We’ll head back to Alpha. Witter needs to hear this as soon as possible.”

***

	“Well I must say this is certainly a shock,” said Witter, although the tone of his voice far from matched his words. “I do wonder why we didn't know of these people left behind.”
	“I guess that’ll be 'cos when our ancestors left Earth they did so in a hurry,” replied Trixi. “A few people left behind to fend for themselves were probably of little concern.”
	“I can only surmise that you are correct,” Witter replied. “Tell me more.”
	“Well we don’t actually know how many people there are,” said Trixi. “London is apparently the only alien-free city, and to be perfectly honest the standard of life there... it's a crock of shit.”
	“Did you witness any signs of aliens yourselves?”
	“No,” replied Trixi. “We were escorted anywhere we needed to go, and even then we were only permitted on the base and the surrounding area.”
	“We cannot risk an alien invasion here,” said the President, defiantly. “The only option I can see available to us is to aid our fellow man in ridding Earth of this threat before it spreads as far as our system.”
	“I agree Mr President,” said Trixi with relief. Had Witter opted for any other course of action, she'd have had little choice than to aid those on Earth without the support of the President. “You have the full support of my crew.”
	“That is appreciated,” replied the President. “However this matter does require much deliberation.”
	“Of course,” said Trixi. “K, our mechanical genius has developed a drive to power a fleet of ships, similar to the drive fitted to our fleet of fighters.”
	“Well that would certainly come in handy,” said the President. “It’s one hell of a trip otherwise.”
	“One that I wouldn’t like to attempt,” replied Trixi. “I shall go and prepare my crew.”
	“Please do,” said the President. “Before you go I believe the Vice-President has a matter which requires your attention.”
	“Yes Mr President,” said Trixi, as she turned and headed for Redmond’s office. She knocked on the door.
	“It’s open,” Redmond indicated, and Trixi entered. “Ah, Trixi.”
	“Good morning Mr Redmond,” said Trixi, smiling. “The President said there is a matter requiring my attention.”
	“That is correct, yes,” replied Redmond. “You may want to take a seat.”
	“What was it that you wanted to talk to me about?” She asked as she eased herself into the chair opposite Redmond's own.
	“What I am about to tell you must not leave this room, although you may tell your crew,” Redmond began. “Are you familiar with the legend of the Marie Celeste?”
	“The ghost ship?” asked Trixi, her eyebrow raised
	“That is one interpretation, yes,” replied the Vice-President. “Legend tells of a ship found floating unmanned near Gibraltar in eighteen-seventy two. Our historians have discovered evidence to the contrary, that evidence being the whole legend is nothing other than an elaborate conspiracy.”
	“How so?” asked Trixi.
	“We believe that the Marie Celeste was actually an alien vessel, and the supposed crew of the Marie Celeste were actually abducted,” the Vice-President paused and looked his notes. “Our long range scanners have picked up a presence on a moon just beyond the Outer Ring.”
	“What kind of presence?”
	“We are as yet unsure,” replied the Vice-President. “But a couple of our historians believe it bears resemblance to the Marie Celeste.”
	“You want us to check it out.” A statement, rather than a question.
	“Yes,” replied Redmond. “Although you will do so with a team of scientists.”
	“Fair enough,” said Trixi. “One thing though... why are we expecting the Marie Celeste to be out here?”
	“Why not?” asked the Vice-President. “We ended up out here, did we not?”
	“We did,” she conceded. “We’ll check it out, when are we required to leave?”
	“As soon as you can,” replied the Vice-President. “Your crew is all present on Alpha and we have a team of scientists on stand-by.”
	"We shall leave whenever you're ready Mr Redmond," said Trixi. She got to her feet and turned to leave.
	"There is however a slight twist to the tale," said the Vice-President, trying not to look at Trixi. "This is going to sound ridiculous."
	"This sounds ominous," said Trixi. "Should I sit down again?"
	"I think that may be wise," said Mr Redmond, still not looking directly at Trixi. "I personally think this is the Marie Celeste, however our chief scientist and historian, Doctor Stephen Mazie, has developed a theory which is a little disturbing to say the least." The Vice-President looked around, as if to check no one else was listening.
	"One hundred and fifty years or so before the Marie Celeste, rumours began of a race of beings that fed on human blood, known as vampires."
	"I am familiar with the term," said Trixi, trying her damnedest not to crack a smile.
	"After a century and a half of being hunted, Doctor Mazie believes that these vampires left Earth in search of a new home, and that they found this home on the planet we are sending you to." Mr Redmond breathed a sigh of relief.
	"One flaw in that theory I can see right away, is where did a group of vampires find the technology to leave Earth?" Trixi asked, smiling quietly to herself.
	"Doctor Mazie believes that although these vampires were not human, they had taken on human form. He believes that they were in fact an alien race."
	"This could very well be the alien race that has been in control of Earth for the past two hundred years," she mused.
	"I fear you may be correct," replied the Vice-President. "Mazie believes that the Marie Celeste was the name of the ship used by this alien race to reach Earth, and that the crew that went missing was in fact a group of hunters. The Marie Celeste found in the Straits of Gibraltar was a decoy ship planted after the hunters had been fed upon."
	"You're right, this does sound crazy," said Trixi. "Is Doctor Mazie coming with us?"
	"Yes," replied the Vice-President. "He is heading up the research team."

***

	"Fuck off," said Dan, very nearly pissing himself with laughter. "No fucking way."
	"It's what the man said," replied Trixi. "What can I tell you?"
	"You can tell us that you're full of shit," said Dan. "Fucking vampires my arse."
	"Are you saying that you don't want to come?" Trixi teased her friend.
	"Now I never said that, did I?" Dan said, still laughing. "But come on, fucking vampires?"
	"He's right you know," said Pete. "It really is a wild theory."
	"I know," replied Trixi. "I did struggle not to laugh myself, but there's no harm in checking the planet out."
	"Well I'm down," said JD. "This trip had better not turn into a cheap horror movie though."
	"So who's coming with us?" asked Dan. "I'm sure they ain't gonna' trust us to do this one on our own."
	"Doctor Stephen Mazie," replied Trixi. "He's the guy who came up with this theory."
	"I take it I'm not allowed to take the piss outta' him?" asked Dan again.
	"Before you do, just ask yourself this question," she said, then paused. "That alien race on Earth, those that apparently eat humans. Does it not make sense to you that they might well be these vampires, or at least some sort of vampiric creature?"
	"I guess so," replied Dan, reluctantly. "Doesn't make it any the less crazy though," He fished in his pocket and pulled out a packet of cigarettes. "You want one?"
	"Thanks," said Trixi, taking a cigarette and lighting it.
	"You must be the crew of the Reaper." They all looked up to see who had addressed them. The speaker was male and not particularly tall. A mop of shaggy brown hair sat atop his head.
	"Doctor Mazie?" asked Trixi. "Name like that I was expecting you to be a Scot."
	"I am," replied the Doctor. "Way back though, there hasn't been an accent in my family for generations."
	"Fair enough," replied Trixi. "We are the crew of the Reaper, that's right."
	"You could be in for quite an exciting time if I'm correct with my theory," Doctor Mazie paused. "You have been made aware of things, haven't you?"
	"Too fucking right," replied Dan.
	"I take it then that you are the sceptic amongst us." Doctor Mazie directed this comment at Dan.
	"That's one way to put it," replied Dan. "The other way would be to say that I think you're a fucking nutter.” 
	"Leave it out mate," said Pete.
	"Oh don't you worry about that," replied Mazie. "I've had much worse insults than that over this theory of mine."
	"To be perfectly honest Doctor, I'm not surprised," said Trixi. "On the whole though we are undertaking this mission with open minds."
	"I'm glad to hear it," replied Mazie, as Dan sat staring into space smoking his cigarette.
	"We're good to fly whenever," said K as she entered the room and sat down. "I've passed the specs for the new drive onto the President. He says he wants to look over them first before they are implemented, but he won't have a problem with them."
	"Course he won't babe," said JD. "You're an absolute genius when it comes to machines and the like."
	"Stop it," replied K with a wink. "You'll make me blush."
	"Where's Tristian mate?" JD asked.
	"She wants to sit this one out," replied Dan. "I think she has a few ideas about revamping the bar."
	"Fair enough," said Trixi.
	"I'm sorry to interrupt," Mazie said. "But I would quite like to set off, my team is ready and waiting."
	"Of course Doctor," replied Trixi, rolling her eyes. "I would like to make one thing abundantly clear though. It's my ship, and my rules. We have been charged with the safety of you and your team. I would therefore ask of you that obey any order given."
	"That is not a problem," the Doctor replied.
	"Good, then we're clear," said Trixi as she turned to K. "Ready to go?" she asked.
	"Yes Ma'am," replied K.
	"Have you got Betty on board?" Dan asked.
	"She's there," replied K. "I think you might end up using her quite a lot this mission."
	"I have missed her," said Dan with lust in his eyes. 
	"Well the two of you can get reacquainted soon enough," said Trixi, getting impatient. "Let's go."

***

	The crew, along with Doctor Mazie and nine of his students entered the cargo bay.
	"Any equipment you want to set up Doctor you should do so here," said Trixi.
	"We'll be off the ground in a couple of minutes," said JD as he headed towards the bridge, followed closely by Pete and Janey. "You know where we're going?"
	"Yes mate, it's only a short trip," replied Pete, his hand being gripped tightly by Janey.
	"Sounds good to me," said JD as he sat in the pilot's chair. "Load in the co-ordinates and we can get on."
	"Half-Light is ready on your mark," K's voice came over the com from the engine room.
	"OK," replied JD, guiding the Reaper upwards and out of the atmosphere as he spoke. "This is your pilot speaking," he said over the com. "Engaging Half-Light." 

***

	The Reaper appeared in otherwise empty space, occupying a high orbit around a tiny ice moon. This far from the twin suns on the outskirts of the Outer Ring the suns had little effect on the temperature, barely managing to keep the surface temperature of the planet above minus twenty. Days down there on the planet's surface were long, but the nights were long and cold.
	"Scanning for life signs," said Pete, as he leaned over the scanners.
	"Anything?" asked Trixi.
	"You could say that," replied Pete. "I'm picking up I don't know how many life signs. Four million, five million. This is insane! The scanner's going crazy... how can a planet this far out support that much life?"
	"Any human life signs?" asked Doctor Mazie.
	"Actually no," replied Pete.
	"Then what the fuck is down there?" asked Dan.
	"Vampires," replied Janey. "These are vampires in the truest sense though, we have been taught wrong."
	"How do you mean?" asked Trixi.
	"How does she know this?" asked Doctor Mazie.
	"Did we forget to mention that this is a ship fulla' genius'?" said Dan, laughing quietly.
	"Think about all the old stories about vampires," Janey replied. "Wooden stakes won't work, sunlight doesn't affect them, they can reproduce and they can die just as easy as any one of us. Everything to do with the myth of vampires is all fabricated, a conspiracy to hide us from the truth."
	"Is the Marie Celeste down there?" Pete asked.
	"Yes," replied Janey. "It's their ship."
	"How do you know?" asked Doctor Mazie.
	"Don't ask ridiculous questions," replied Janey. "I just know."
	"How do we want to play this Ma'am?" asked Dan. "I mean I don't really fancy going down there and taking on an army of vampires."
	"Nor me," replied Trixi. "Janey can you tell if there are any other ships down there?"
	"There isn't," replied Janey. "I can only sense the Marie Celeste so unless they're hiding other ships extremely well then she's their only one."
	"What is the spread of the population like?" Trixi asked Pete.
	"Pretty even Ma'am to be honest," he replied. "There doesn't seem to be any cities, but there is a pattern if you look closely."
	"A pattern?" asked Trixi.
	"It looks like there are areas of population enclosed in a circle where there is a distinct lack of well... anything," explained Pete.
	"Rival clans do you think?" Trixi asked Doctor Mazie.
	"I would guess so yes," replied Doctor Mazie. "But of course without further study I cannot be sure."
	"Well I tell you right now Doctor that you will not be studying this planet, certainly not today," Trixi carried on. "There is no way that our small team can fend off a population of five million hungry vampires vying for blood."
	"Ma'am I have an idea," said Dan.
	"What?" asked Trixi.
	"Let's take their ship."
	"Are you crazy?" asked Trixi. "If we somehow managed to get their ship off the ground, today is not the day to incite a war."
	"They can't start a war if we have their only ship," Dan persisted.
	"That's assuming the Marie Celeste is indeed their only ship," said Trixi, equally as determined.
	"Is that not a risk we should be prepared to take if it would mean grounding our enemy?"
	"I'll go with him," said Mazie.
	"Me too," said K. "If those engines need any work I'm the only one here able to do it."
	"No fucking way," exclaimed JD.
	"It's OK mate," said Dan, calmly. "I'll look after her."
	"You better," replied JD.
	"Excuse me?" said K, angrily. "Am I fucking invisible? Do I look like I need looking after? I'll take you both on right now if you like; we'll go right now!"
	"No one's getting into a ruck," said Trixi. "Not on my ship, now if you three are sure about this we'll drop down right next to the Marie Celeste and leave you there, we're not hanging around."
	"Yes Ma'am," said Dan, smiling.

***

	Commander Dave Rogers sat heavily in his chair, opened the top drawer of his desk and took out the solitary cigar, hidden from prying eyes right at the back behind the box of paper clips. He struck a match and put it to the cigar, watching as a plume of smoke rose instantly towards the ceiling of his office. It had been years since his last intake of nicotine, and damn he had missed it. 	He sucked on the cigar, letting the sweet tasting smoke roll over every individual taste bud. It had been one hell of a day, there had been trouble at the south gate. A group of twenty or twenty-five people had tried to enter, each refusing to submit to a DNA test, Rogers had been at the gate at the time and had ordered his men to fire at will. 
	Unbeknown to the Commander those trying to enter were heavily armed. Rogers had lost sixteen of his men, and the attacks were getting more regular, that was their third attempt in as many days although this was the first time they had taken up arms. Commander Rogers did not want to consider the consequences that would ensue should anyone failing to submit to a DNA test make it through a check point and into the city, but of course it was his responsibility to consider these consequences. Well that could wait until the morning, right now he was going to go to sleep, once he had smoked his cigar of course.

***

	Rogers sat bolt upright in his bed. He was an incredibly heavy sleeper so the fact that something had woken him before his body had wanted to wake up was definitely cause for concern. He got out of bed and walked naked over to the console sat next to the door.
	"Anyone there?" he asked down the com. There was no response, so he asked again. "Anyone there?"
	There was still no response. He scanned the room for clothes, and threw on a pair of jeans and a hooded top that were at the top of a pile at the bottom of his bed. He reached under his pillow and pulled out his side-arm, and making sure it was loaded made his way out of his room with the intention of discovering what it was that had woken him. He didn't get far, a few doors down the corridor in fact when he heard a grunting from behind a door. 
	The door was slightly ajar so as carefully as he could he opened it a fraction more, and then he wished he hadn't. He couldn't tell who it was, but there was a body lying on the bed in the centre of the room. The bed sheets were soaked with blood and there were three females literally eating the flesh right off the body, guzzling blood as it spurted from the body as if it were a fine red wine. Rogers almost vomited on the spot, however he managed to regain his composure but he was unable to view this sight any longer. 
	It suddenly dawned on him that the base had been compromised, which meant the city had too. He hurried as quickly as he could towards the nearest hangar, keeping out of sight which meant the journey took almost an hour. He peered around the main hangar door, and when he was confident it was clear empty he ran as fast as he could towards the nearest vessel and making sure the door was sealed he made his way up to the bridge. His whole body was shaking, and he couldn't make it stop. 	He guided the craft out of the hangar and accelerated to take-off speed. As soon as he had left Earth's atmosphere he set the autopilot for the co-ordinates given to him by Trixi. He then turned from the console and vomited violently all over the floor.

***

	"Ready to engage cloak," said Pete.
	"Engage," ordered Trixi. "We're in and out guys, so no messing around."
	"Yes Ma'am," replied Dan.
	"Good, now we're about to set down, you guys make your way to the cargo bay."
	"Yes Ma'am," replied Dan once more before turning to Pete. "Is it guarded mate?"
	"Surprisingly not," replied Pete. "The closest life sign I can make out would take about ten minutes to reach you."
	"Plenty of time for us to get this crate off the ground," said K with a smile. "We'll take the Tank, that way if we do run into any trouble we have back up."
	"Good idea," replied Trixi. "Are you ready Doctor?"
	"I am," replied Mazie. The three of them headed for the cargo bay, and took up positions inside the Tank.
	"Dropping cargo bay doors now," JD's voice came over the com. "We'll be out of radio range pretty much straight away, so you guys be careful."
	"No worries mate," said Dan as K drove the Tank down the ramp. As soon as it was on solid ground the Reaper lifted off, its cargo bay door lifting as it did so. "What's the temperature outside K?"
	"Minus eighteen according to this," replied K. "Any idea how we get in Doctor?"
	"Well in theory the doors should just open," replied Doctor Mazie. "I'm certain that they were not expecting visitors."
	K drove the Tank up to what she assumed were the doors to the Marie Celeste's cargo bay and they did indeed open automatically. She drove up the ramp and the doors closed behind them.
	"Let's see about gettin' this baby off the ground then shall we?" said Dan cheerfully. The ship itself was huge, much bigger than the Reaper. "It looks like it could be one of ours." They all looked around, taking it in.
	"That supports another of my theories," said Doctor Mazie excitedly. "We were given technology by this alien race, which explains why this ship is so similar to our own."
	"We can ponder our technological beginnings later Doctor," said Dan heading towards the bridge. "Right now I want get the fuck outta' here before we're noticed."
	"Amen to that," said K, as she headed to the engine room. "You go with Dan, Doctor. I'll be OK down there."
	Dan and Doctor Mazie reached the bridge. It was vast, with many consoles.
	"Don't touch anything Doctor, let me get used to the controls first," said Dan. "Please take a seat though."
	"I shall," replied the Doctor. "I must say this really is amazing."
	"How's it looking down there K?" Dan spoke down the com, once he had found the activation panel.
	"Everything seems OK," she replied. "It all seems to be in working order."
	"Is there any form of hyper-drive?"
	"Not that I can see," replied K. "What do you reckon to us getting off the ground first?"
	"Definitely," said Dan. "Fuck me there's an automatic start." Dan pushed the button, and sure enough the engines of the Marie Celeste juddered to life. Dan guided her off the ground, and they were soon leaving the planet behind them. "OK, we have at least seventeen hours of flying ahead of us. Auto-pilot's on though... fucked if I'm doing that shit myself."
	"Would it be OK for me to have a look around?" asked Doctor Mazie.
"Knock yourself out," replied Dan with a shrug. "I'm gonna' get some sleep."

***

	"We're picking up a distress call," said K as Dan rushed onto the bridge a few hours later. "It's from Earth."
	"Well we ain't in any shape to mount a rescue operation," said Dan, breathless. "We got no idea what this ship is capable of. We need to get back to Prima first so you can figure that out."
	"I know," replied K. "I've forwarded the message to Alpha, and also let them know that we're OK and that we took the Marie Celeste."
	"Good," replied Dan. "We should hit Prima in an hour or so I reckon." Dan paused, looking around. "Where's Mazie?"
	"I have no idea," replied K. "He's been all over the ship though, pretty much just looking at everything. I don't think he can believe his luck this theory of his turned out to be true."
	"He's not the only one," said Dan. "But more importantly, d'you reckon I'll be allowed to keep this ship?"
	"That's not for me to say now is it?" said K. "But it does make sense to me, after all we did risk our arses to get hold of her."

***

	The Marie Celeste landed at Two Rivers, capital city of Prima and Dan, K and Mazie breathed a sigh of relief, having navigated an unknown vessel without incident. As they were about to disembark, a message came through from Trixi.
	"You guys alright?" she asked.
	"Safe as houses," replied Dan. "Did you receive that forwarded message?"
	"Yeah we did," replied Trixi. "It was Rogers."
	"What did he want?" asked Dan.
	"Earth has been compromised," Trixi replied. "He only just managed to get out but from what he can tell, his departure went undetected."
	"As far as he can tell?" scoffed Dan. "How do we know he's not fulla' shit? For all we know he's leading the enemy right to us."
	"I think we can trust him," replied Trixi. "JD and Pete have gone to pick him up, they should be back soon," she paused. "So what’s the Marie Celeste like?"
	"Well she flies," replied Dan. "K's gonna' look her over shortly to see exactly what we have."
	"Good idea," said Trixi. "I could do with you guys here as soon as you can though," she carried on. "Witter wants a meeting with all of us, so bring Tristian with you."
	"No worries," replied Dan. "Give us a couple of days, that should be enough time for K to get an idea of what we have to play with, and then we'll be with you."
	"Good enough for me," replied Trixi, and the transmission ended.
	Dan followed K and Mazie outside, lighting a cigarette as he went.
	"We got us a coupla' days before we need to be on Alpha," he said to K. "So you got time to look over the ship."
	"Nowhere near enough time though," replied K. "I won't even scratch the surface in a couple of days."
	"Just check for the basics," replied Dan. "A Hyper-Drive, weapons systems, any fancy navigation gadgets. Witter wants to see us all."
	"Well I'd best get on then," said K.
	"Fair enough," replied Dan. "You want a drink first?"
	"No I'm alright," she replied. "I'll see you in a couple of days."
	"How about you Doctor? Fancy getting fucked up?" said Dan, turning to Mazie.
	"I think I'll join you for a short while certainly," replied Mazie with a smile.

***

	"The way I see it," said Doctor Mazie seven hours later. "The way I see it," he repeated. "The way I see it..."
	"The way you see what?" asked Dan. "Cos all I can see is that you're pissed as a fucking rat."
	"I don't think I'll be serving him any more this evening," said Tristian, smiling at Dan. "Watch him."
	They both watched as Mazie sat bolt upright on his bar stool. Slowly but surely he began to lean backwards, picking up pace. He ended up unconscious flat on his back.
	"He'll be fine, he's a doctor." Dan laughed. "Are you gonna' be OK leaving Jemma in charge here while we go for this meeting with the President?" he asked Tristian.
	"Yeah she knows what she's doing," Tristian replied. "Besides, the bar's gonna' be closed for a few days while this refit is going on."
	"Sounds good," Dan replied. "Now I have an idea, why don't you shut up shop, take me out the back and do bad things to me?"
	"Are you trying to come on to me?" Tristian smiled, running her hands seductively over her body.
	"Well now, that depends on your meaning." Dan winked at Tristian and she locked the door and took him by the hand.

***

	"Commander Rogers."Witter shook the Commander's hand. "I am President Witter, welcome to Alpha."
	"Thank you Mr President," replied Rogers. "It is a pleasure to be here."
	"The rest of Trixi's crew should be here within the hour," Witter explained. "We have much to discuss."
	"So I gather," replied Rogers. "I understand that members of her crew have recovered something very interesting."
	"That is correct," replied the President. "That shall be discussed shortly, amongst other things."
	"Of course," said Rogers.

***

	The Marie Celeste docked on Alpha. Dan, K, Tristian and Mazie, disembarked and walked the short distance from the docking station to the Presidential Complex.
	A few moments later, along with all others attending they were sat around the huge oval table in the meeting room.
	"I'd like to thank you all for attending," said Witter to open proceedings. "I think it would be best if we got straight down to business. Commander Rogers has given details to myself and to the Vice-President about the fall of London, and seemingly the entire planet, but we shall return to that subject shortly."
	"What else have you brought us here for, if not to talk about that?" asked Dan. "I mean with respect Mr President, that shit has to be our only focus right now."
	"That is our primary focus," replied the President calmly. "There are however other matters which require discussion. Whilst our predecessors focused all their attentions on building an army, we have not. All of our energies have so far been directed at building better lives for our citizens. Now in light of this new threat we feel it essential that we build an army of sorts." Witter paused to glance around at the people gathered before him. He focused on Trixi. "I want you to run the operation."
	"What operation might that be, Mr President?" asked Trixi.
	"We are going to take back Earth, rebuild and repopulate and help set up some form of government," the President explained. "Commander Rogers will also be involved every step of the way, and once that is done I intend to continue working closely with him to build a better life for both our peoples."
	"Thank you Mr President," said Commander Rogers. "I also would like to say that I would very much like to ally my people with yourselves."
	"Trixi," said President Witter, turning to face her once more. "You will continue to captain your ship, the Reaper and you will keep the majority of your crew.” Witter paused briefly before continuing. "You will however have a few new crew members."
	"That's OK with me," replied Trixi. "But what do you mean by the majority?"
	"Well that brings me onto Dan," replied the President. "You Dan will captain the newly acquired Marie Celeste, and as well as Doctor Mazie and two others of your choosing from the crew of the Reaper, you will also be assigned new crew."
	"Fuckinay!" shouted Dan, smiling as he did so.
	"Indeed," replied Witter, also smiling. "Whom of the Reaper's crew would you like?"
	"Well Tristian obviously," replied Dan. "And Pete, Mr President."
	"Are you sure?" asked the President. "I mean this decision is completely down to you."
	"I'm sure Mr President," replied Dan. "JD should stay where he is piloting the Reaper, and no one else is ever gonna' know their way around that engine room like K does. Janey could come in useful, but she should stay with her sister I think."
	"Is this OK with you Trixi?" asked President Witter.
	"As long as those involved are happy," replied Trixi.
	"Fine by me," said Pete. "I'd love the chance to fly that thing."
	"Where Dan goes, I go," said Tristian.
	"Then that's settled," said the President. "Doctor Mazie will serve as you information source," President Witter went on. "He is a highly regarded scholar, and I'm sure his expertise will be put to good use." Doctor Mazie nodded in agreement. There was a knock at the door, and Miss Smith entered.
	"They are here Mr President," she said, nodding an acknowledgement to those others in the room.
	"Thank you Miss Smith, please show them in," replied President Witter. A group of ten men and women entered the room. "These are your additional crew members," he explained. "Doctor Janine West and Doctor Kiera Hart will join the crew of the Reaper and the Marie Celeste respectively. Colonel James Sharp and Colonel Dean Leavey each command a team of elite marines. Each vessel will be shipping out with a team of marines on board; I leave it to you as to which team joins which vessel."
	"With respect Sir," Colonel Leavey said. "The chance to fly out on the vessel that saved our lives last year is too good to pass up."
	"Looks like we're on the Marie Celeste then guys," said Colonel Sharp. Trixi and Dan shared a glance and mutual shrug. It made little difference to either of them.
	"No problems here," said Dan. Trixi nodded. "One thing Mr President."
	"Yes?" asked President Witter. 
	"The Marie Celeste seems to be shy a mechanic."
	"That is where Doctor Mazie comes in," replied The President. "With the knowledge that he already possesses, and with information given to him by K he is confident that he will be able to act as your mechanic."
	"That is correct," said Mazie. "It seems that the majority of the systems respond to neuro-sensors anyway, as crew we would need to interface ourselves with the system in order to work on and maintain the majority of systems."
	"Then how come we managed to fly it home?" asked Dan.
	"I believe that we already carried this out," replied Mazie. "Without knowing of course. If my understanding is correct, we will need to download Pete's details into the mainframe in order for him to be able to pilot the vessel, in such a way that particular system overwrites your details."
	"That made no fucking sense at all," replied Dan. "But whatever you said I believe you."
	"So where are we headed?" asked Pete. "Back to Earth?"
	"Not yet," replied Witter. "I want a much stronger force than that which we have. We have a fleet of forty vessels near completion, and once they have all had the modified drives fitted they should just about keep up with The Reaper and The Marie Celeste."
	"That's a whole lotta' ships," said Dan with a smirk.
	"They're not small ships either, each has a crew of at least one hundred and fifty men and women," the President explained. "Of course it goes without saying that the Reaper is lead vessel. Within a month, we should be ready to launch an attack to take Earth back from these... vampires."


Chapter Eleven
You Always End Up Firing


	The air on Alpha was crisp and clear, as if one was standing on top of the highest mountain taking huge, deep breaths. Industries had been able to cut their carbon footprints to an almost non-existent percentage and as well as having a positive effect on environments, people’s health was on the whole, much better.
	Trixi had just come out of a meeting with Redmond. He'd explained her and her sisters reasons for being here, 'in this place at this time', as he'd put it. 
	He'd been a little vague, certainly more so than Trixi would've liked, but at least she had something.
	Back during the early twenty-first century, there'd been an awful lot of highly classified experiments with time travel. Redmond thought it likely Trixi and her sisters' presence was down to a faulty experiment. To the best of his knowledge the plans and schematics were lost long ago but evidently, someone had attempted to recreate the experiment in Trixi's time.
	“How can you be sure?” She'd asked, and quite rightly so. She was distracted though and hadn't really heard Redmond's reply. Something about energy signatures, which made sense after a fashion.
	She sat on the steps outside the Presidential Building and took a packet of cigarettes from somewhere about her person. Seventeen left; she was going to need more.
	She lit one and stared dreamily into space. Redmond had told here that he and the President would do everything in their power, pool all the resources they had into getting any more information, but as yet they had told her everything they knew. 
	She finished the cigarette and lit another before getting to her feet. Trixi simply started walking. She had no idea where she was going, but she needed to walk. If she'd really thought about it, Redmond's explanation would not have come as a surprise, but... time travel? The concept seemed ridiculous, the stuff of science fiction.
	Trixi headed towards one of Alpha’s many wooded areas, a kind of forest within the city. Alpha’s capital had been constructed in and around an area of outstanding natural beauty, and the city itself was certainly in keeping with the theme. Brooks ran into streams and small rivers, which in turn fed into the city's intricate network of canals. The wildlife filling the forest and its waters was varied, from deer and foxes to elephants and hippopotamuses, not to mention an astounding number of species of fish. 
	Trixi wandered down a forest path, going deeper and deeper into the brush, so deep in thought she was not paying attention to where she was going. Before she realised it, she had reached the junction of two small streams as they joined together to form a slightly larger stream. She sat on the bank smoking yet another cigarette and leaned back, listening to the birdsong and the stream as it babbled by.

***

	“Doctor Hart, have you got a minute?” Dr Hart turned to see Mazie struggling with a huge amp.
	“You need a hand there Doctor?” she asked, laughing.
	“I do, if you don’t mind.”
	“Of course,” replied Dr Hart. “I’m afraid I’m gonna’ have to ask what you’re doing though.”
	“Well,” replied Mazie, placing the amp on the floor. “I find that listening to music through the shoddy Government Issue speakers just isn’t as fulfilling as I’d like.”
	“I see,” replied Hart.
	“Yes, Iron Maiden must be played properly, or not at all,” replied Dr Mazie with a smile. Hart picked up one end of the amp as Mazie lifted the other, and together they carried it down the corridor to the latter’s quarters.
	“Do you need help with anything else Doctor?” asked Hart.
	“No I should be fine now,” replied Mazie. “Thank you, although if you want to stick around... I'm thinking I might play the Dance of Death album back to back.”
	“Well now,” said Hart as she closed the door to Mazie's quarters. “How can a girl refuse an offer like that, eh?” As she made her way across the floor towards the bunk she slowly pulled down on the zipper of her military issue flight jacket, revealing a corseted top covering a fine body, slim and toned.
	Mazie glanced up from what he was doing, hooking the amp to the stereo, and let out a low whistle.
	“Damn...” he managed to say.
	As 'Wildest Dreams', the album's opening track began to play, Hart lay on the bunk and beckoned Mazie to her, which he did. She stopped him at the edge of the mattress and reached forwards to unzip his fly. Reaching inside his trousers, Hart looked up at Mazie and moistened her lips.
	“I'm going to enjoy this.”

***

	“What d’you think then mate?” asked Dan.
	“This is absolutely fucking awesome,” Pete replied excitedly. “She makes the Reaper look like a toy.”
	“I know what you mean,” replied Dan. “How you finding the controls?”
	“Put it this way,” began Pete. “I think we’ll be giving JD a run for his money, we’ll show him who the pilot is.”
	“That’s all well and good but you might want to take it easy,” replied Dan. “This is my first command after all, and it’s not that I don’t have any faith in your piloting abilities but it’d be such a shame to fuck up this beautiful ship.”
	“Don’t you worry my friend; she’s in good hands.”
	“How’s Janey feel about being on a separate crew to you?” asked Dan.
	“She’s OK about it,” replied Pete with a shrug. “I mean she and Trixi need to be together anyway, especially as they know so little about themselves. They should find out together.”
	“Well it makes sense to me mate,” replied Dan. “Have you seen Trixi since she had that meeting with Redmond?”
	“No mate, and I’m kinda’ intrigued as to what the meeting was about,” said Pete. “I mean I know it was something to do with her origins, but other than that I ain’t got a clue.”
	“I guess we’ll find out soon enough.”
	“We’re ready for a test flight,” Mazie’s voice came over the com. He sounded breathless. Dan and Pete shared a snigger.
	“Thought I heard someone having fun when I had a mooch on the habitation deck a while back,” said Dan, his hand covering the microphone.
	 “Everything looks mechanically sound.”
	“Thank you Doctor,” replied Dan still he and Pete smiled. “You ready for this mate?”
	“Fuck yes,” replied Pete, taking the pilot’s seat. He ran his hands over the console, putting pressure in certain places to activate the vessel. “Life support is up and running, engines are ignited.” Tristian came onto the bridge and took a seat at the navigation unit.
	“Where are we headed?” asked Tristian as she too ran her hands over the control panel.
	“Well I thought we might take her over to Prima and back,” replied Dan.
	“Sounds good to me Sir,” said Pete. “Have you got that plotted Tristian?”
	“Give me a second, and I will have,” she replied, her hands busily yet lightly touching the controls.
	“Then we are a go,” said Dan. “Take her up mate,” Pete did so, and the Marie Celeste easily lifted off the ground. Within a minute she was breaking out of the Alphaen atmosphere.
	“A nice easy run pilot,” said Dan. “Don’t want to burn her out.”
	“Yes Sir,” replied Pete. “You got a cigarette?” Dan threw Pete a cigarette, and he reached inside his pocket to pull out a lighter.
	“Cheers man,” he replied, taking a drag. “I tell you what it feels amazing to be back in control, I mean JD is an awesome pilot but I didn’t like taking a back seat to him all the time.”
	“How long until we hit Prima?” asked Dan.
	“An hour or so,” replied Tristian. “We’ve got a video call coming through.”
	“Put it up for me,” replied Dan.
	“Yes Sir,” said Tristian as she put the call on the big screen. “It’s a recording.”
	“Where’s it come from?” asked Dan, noting the worried expression upon Tristian's face.
	“Prima,” she replied.
	The three of them watched the message, and then watched it once more just to make sure what they were seeing was correct.
	“Take us back to Alpha,” said Dan, quietly. “And fucking hurry, something tells me we don’t have that much time.”

***

	“You’re sure?” asked Redmond.
	“Of course I’m fucking sure,” replied Dan. “Sir.” Dan was irate. He'd been trying to explain the situation to Redmond for nigh on an hour. “I’m gonna’ go through it once more for you. The video message we received from Prima was from the Mayor. He said the planet had been over-run by what he called demons. Now of course we can only speculate that these demons are the vampires that have also taken over Earth. The video message was all that they could get out, and only then they could only send it out short range, which is why we didn’t pick it up for so long.”
	“Calm down, Captain,” replied Redmond. “This is completely unexpected. We were not expecting them to launch any kind of attack, and certainly not on Prima. It doesn’t make any sense, it’s not as if there is any significant military presence there, not yet anyway.”
	“No that’s right, but there was to be a base on Prima, was there not?” asked Dan.
	“Yes, but a very select few people knew that,” replied Redmond.
	“Do you think they have someone on the inside?” asked Dan.
	“I’d like to think not, but I cannot think of any other way that the information about Prima would have gotten out. Of course they may just have randomly selected a planet.”
	“There is one thing though,” began Dan. “They’re more intelligent than we gave them credit for. When we scanned the surface of their planet we found only the Marie Celeste. They clearly had more than just the one ship, but they'd hidden them well. The Reaper’s scanners haven’t let us down before.”
	“Unless of course, they had a base on another planet?” Redmond ventured.
	“Don’t fucking ask me,” said Dan. “I’m as much in the dark here as you are. All I know is that we’re gonna’ have to launch an attack on Prima as soon as humanly possible else they’re gonna have this whole system under their control. We haven’t been off Prima for more than a fortnight and they’ve already taken it.”
	“Have we had any other transmissions?” asked the Vice-President. “Any at all?”
	“Not to my knowledge Sir,” replied Dan. “And that worries me because two of Trixi’s sisters are on that planet somewhere.”
	“I wouldn’t worry about them,” said Redmond. “I think you will find that the women from that gene pool are more than capable of looking after themselves.”
	“You’re telling me, seeing them in action,” Dan paused and breathed deeply. “Well it’s enough to make a man question his manliness put it that way.” There was a knock at the door, and Trixi entered, nodding at Dan as she did so.
	“You wanted to see me Sir?” said Trixi.
“Yes,” replied Redmond. “Well both of you actually.” Redmond proceeded to explain the situation to Trixi, and with Dan’s input he got the message across.
	“Are we ready to launch full scale?” Trixi asked when they had finished.
	“No, we’re not even halfway there,” replied Redmond.
	“Well with all due respect Mr Vice-President, I have family on Prima. I want every available battle ready ship in the air by midday.” Trixi paused and looked at her watch. “That gives you a little over an hour. The Reaper and the Marie Celeste will be leaving for Prima, and they would like some company.”
	“I shall do what I can.”
	“Yes,” replied Trixi. “You will,” She turned and left, with Dan closely behind.
	“Are you worried about your sisters?” asked Dan.
	“No, they can look after themselves,” replied Trixi. “But Prima was and still is a home to us. We’ve got to take it back.” 

***

	A little over an hour later the Reaper and the Marie Celeste were in low orbit around Alpha. The rest of the sky was clear, not another ship could be seen.
	“Looks like it’s just gonna’ be us,” said Dan.
	“You might be right,” Trixi replied over the com. “I really thought we’d have a bit of help though, you know?”
	“Oh you and me both,” replied Dan. “We got two crews, and a total of eight marines,” Dan laughed quietly. “This is gonna’ be fun.” Colonel Sharp’s voice came over the com.
	“Sorry to interrupt Sir, but the boys are itching to get into action,” his voice was calm and collected.
	“Don’t worry Colonel,” replied Dan. “Your boys are gonna’ have plenty of time to get stuck in to some bad guys,” he paused. “We’re just gonna’ give it five minutes more before we make a move.”
	“Yes Sir.”
	Dan stared out onto the darkness of space. Pinpricks of light indicated distant stars and in some cases not-so-distant planets. He couldn’t help but wonder how many other planets had fallen to their new enemy. Communications throughout the system were still very tentative thanks to the previous Government, people still unwilling to put their total trust and faith into a group of people they'd never met, and the majority of people were too proud to admit when they needed help, instead they would attempt to solve their problems themselves.
	He was so lost in his thoughts, that Dan hadn’t noticed the arrival of three more ships in orbit around Alpha. He didn’t notice at all until an unfamiliar voice came over the com.
	“We heard you guys could use some help,” said the voice. “This is Captain Simons of the Spider.”
	“Glad you could make it Simons,” replied Dan. “Are we expecting any more help?”
	“This is it I’m afraid Captain,” replied Simons. “These three ships are the only battle ready vessels in the fleet, all have been fitted with a modified Half-Light Drive, so we should be able to just about keep up with you guys.”
	“Let’s move out,” said Trixi over the com, turning to JD. “We’ve got point JD, on your mark.”
	“Yes Ma’am,” replied JD. “K, in five.”
	With the co-ordinates inputted, the Reaper left orbit and disappeared from view, followed in quick succession by the Marie Celeste, the Spider, the Big Dog, and the Percival. All five ships reappeared seemingly instantly in orbit around Prima.
	“OK guys,” said Trixi. “I’m pretty sure our arrival won’t have gone unnoticed. We need to get as many survivors out as quickly as possible, and we’re gonna’ have to destroy any ships and communication stations we can find.”
	“Are you goin’ after Jemma and Sara?” asked Dan.
	“Yeah,” replied Trixi. “Simons I want you to cover our arses from up here, all shields front facing and shoot to kill.”
	“Yes Ma’am,” replied Simons. 
	“Everyone else, follow our lead,” Trixi paused. “Take us down JD.”
	“Yes Ma’am.”

***

	Whilst the Spider stayed in a high orbit around Prima, the rest of the expedition dropped out of orbit and broke atmosphere. 
	“You sure you know what you’re doin’ Trix?” asked Dan over the com.
	“I’ll keep my end,” she replied. “Do what you can about any survivors but if you’re in any doubt we can’t risk taking back anyone infected.”
	“Right you are,” replied Dan. “Mazie I need you up here, and Hart I want you, Colonel Sharp and his team in the cargo bay.” A few moments later Mazie arrived on the bridge, breathless. “I need you to take the gunner’s position. We’re gonna’ drop down in a sheltered spot, to the best of our knowledge there’s only one way in and out and I need you alert and ready to fire.”
	“Yes Sir,” replied Mazie as he sat at the gunner’s station.
	“Drop her down nice and easy Pete.”
	“Yes Sir,” replied Pete. “Easy girl, nice and slow.”
	“I want you to stay here bud, keep Tristian and the doc's company,” ordered Dan. “I’m gonna’ go take Betty for a day trip with the marines. Keep in contact.”
	“No worries mate,” Pete smiled. “Take it easy, yeah?”
	“Wouldn’t take things any other way,” replied Dan as the Marie Celeste touched down.

***

	“You know where they are?” asked JD.
	“I can sort of... sense them,” replied Trixi. “It’s hard to explain, I suppose it’s like a hunter would track an animal.”
	“This thing you got with your sisters,” said JD. “No offence I love you all, but it is a bit… you know?”
	“Tell me.”
	“...fucking weird.” 
	“Believe me I know that better than anyone,” Trixi laughed, stopping suddenly as if she had picked up a trail. “OK head east of Two Rivers, they’re not far.”
	“Yes Ma’am,” replied JD. “You’re the boss.”
	“I’m not liking this at all,” said Trixi. “It feels far too easy.”
	“I know,” replied JD. “We haven’t seen a sign of any life at all. Alien or otherwise.”

***

	“OK boys let’s move out,” ordered Dan. “We ain't far outside Two Rivers, should only take us five minutes or so over the ridge. Any survivors will probably be holed up there.”
	Dan took point, with Colonel Sharp and his marines not far behind. They headed for the top of the ridge, and upon reaching it Colonel Sharp indicated that they should stop.
	“Just want to be sure Sir,” he said quietly.
	“Take your time Colonel,” Dan replied. “You know your shit better than me.”
	“There’s nothing down there, I’m not reading any life signs at all,” said Colonel Sharp after a few moments.
	“Trixi it's Dan,” said Dan into the com. “Are you receiving?”
	“Go ahead,” replied Trixi.
	“We’ve just scanned Two Rivers and we have no life signs.”
	“We had the same result,” replied Trixi. “Get back in the air; I’m smelling a trap.”
	“What are you doing?” asked Dan.
	“We’ll just be a minute,” replied Trixi. “Get in the air and I’ll get back to you.” Trixi terminated the transmission.
	“Well you heard the woman,” said Dan. “It’s her call; we’ll head back to the Marie Celeste.”

***

	“Ma’am I’m picking up a huge energy reading a few miles ahead,” said JD.
	“Anything on visual Janey?” asked Trixi.
	“Not yet, but I don’t need to see it... I can feel it,” replied Janey. “It’s Sara and Jemma.”
	The Reaper flew low over the rainforest covered landscape of Prima until she came across a large clearing. In the centre of this clearing, hundreds of people were gathered together and right at the centre of this gathering were Jemma and Sara. A huge energy field surrounded them and everyone around them.
	“Well I guess we’ve found everything we were looking for,” said JD. “K prepare to open the cargo bay.”
	“Almost everything,” said Trixi under her breath.
	“How the hell are they doing that?” asked JD.
	“One of the many mysteries of our family I’m afraid,” replied Trixi. “Even we don’t know how we can do shit like that.”
	JD put the Reaper down on the edge of the clearing, and as he did so the energy field disappeared. “Dan are you receiving?” asked Trixi into the com.
	“Loud and clear,” Dan replied after a few seconds.
“Come down on our co-ordinates, and hurry we don’t have much time.”
	“We’ll be there as soon as we can,” replied Dan. “Simons, call back the other two ships, I think we might need an escape plan.”
	“Yes Sir,” replied Captain Simons.

***

	The Marie Celeste set down on the edge of the clearing, nestling nicely next to the Reaper. The two teams of marines secured the perimeter, before both crews disembarked their respective ships.
	“How do you want to do this?” asked Dan. “Do you want the odd ones and I’ll have the even ones?” He laughed at his own joke.
	“You’re taking everyone,” replied Trixi. “Except Jemma and Sara that is.”
	“Now that’s a bit rude,” said Dan, a little taken aback.
	“We’re not coming back to Alpha,” explained Trixi. “Not straight away, The Reaper has her own personal mission to carry out.”
	“If I ask what it is you won’t tell me will you?” asked Dan.
	“See?” said Trixi. “Don’t you know me well?”
	“Have it your way,” Dan conceded. “OK everyone, listen up,” he shouted over the noise of several hundred people. “Get yourselves on board The Marie Celeste... that’s right she’s the pretty one. There’s plenty of room for everyone, seriously people c’mon!” Dan stared out at the rabble of people making their way on board his beloved ship. “There’s no need to push, and no fucking running in the corridors!”
	“Looks like you might have quite an enjoyable trip back,” laughed Trixi.
	“Yeah,” replied Dan. “Very funny.” He smiled. “We got three ships in orbit ready to lend a hand getting away, so go on, get the fuck outta’ here.”
	“Are you gonna’ manage?” Trixi asked.
	“We’ll be right behind you, if this lot would hurry the fuck up that is,” replied Dan. Trixi turned with a smile and led her crew back on board the Reaper. Within moments they were in the air and heading upwards.
	A few moments later, all the refugees were on board the Marie Celeste, gathered in the cargo bay. 
	“Make yourselves at home,” shouted Dan over the din. “Bridge and engine room are off limits, other than that you can go where the fuck you like.” He turned and headed for the bridge. “Ready to go Pete?” He asked into the com.
	“Way ahead of you Sir,” replied Pete as the vessel's engines roared and she lifted off the ground.
	“Trixi is the Reaper clear?” asked Dan.
	“Just about to engage the Half-Light,” replied Trixi. “See you guys soon.”
	“Yeah,” replied Dan. “You will.”
	“We’re coming up on the Spider Sir,” said Pete.
	“Good man,” replied Dan. “Have they had any problems?”
	“Let’s find out shall we, eh?” asked Pete. “Doctor, are you still OK manning those guns?”
	“I’m good,” replied Mazie. “Hopefully I won’t have to fire though.”
	“In my experience Doctor, you always end up firing,” said Dan. “Simons how are we looking?”
	“No problems here Captain,” replied Simons. “We’ve had no activity whatsoever.”
	“Does that worry anyone else?” asked Dan. “Or is it just me?”
	“Oh shit!” shouted Tristian. “I’m picking up eight, no nine…”
	“Nine what?” asked Dan. “There's fuck all out there.”
	“Make that twenty vessels taking up attack positions all around us.” Tristian looked incredibly worried.
	“See Doctor,” said Dan, running over to the second gunner’s position. “You always end up firing.” 
	He turned to Pete. “Shields to maximum, and as soon as we can engage, make sure we fucking do it! Simons have you picked this up?”
	“Yes Sir, but I see nothing but empty space.”
	“I know but the scanners don’t lie,” replied Dan. “If they say we got trouble then we really do have trouble.”
	“We can’t break for it until we see something,” Simons shouted over the com. “If we hit something at that speed it’s likely to really mess us up.”
	“That’s putting it mildly,” replied Dan. The Half-Light Drives on the Marie Celeste and her sister vessels was slightly different to that of the Reaper. Because no other ship possessed the original drive and the technology was far too complex to replicate completely, K had reverse-engineered it as best she could but despite her best efforts, it wasn't quite the same. “Where the fuck are they?”
	“They’re all around,” replied Tristian.
	“As soon as you see a gap or a pattern, that’s the sort of thing you should tell us.”
	“Wait,” replied Tristian. “We can go! We can go now!”
	“Where?” asked Dan.
	“Dead ahead.”
	The Marie Celeste disappeared, followed quickly by the other ships. It was as if they'd never even been there.

***

	“Did we make it back to Alpha?” asked Dan.
	“We’re back,” replied Tristian. “Nothing that shouldn’t have followed us has arrived, so I think it’s safe to assume that we’re good.”
	“Nice flying mate,” said Dan.
	“Thank you Sir,” replied Pete. “Just a thought, but it may be wise to leave a couple of ships in a high orbit, just in case.”
	“You may well be right there my friend,” replied Dan. “This is Dan,” he spoke into the com. “The Spider will accompany us and return to the surface. The Big Dog and the Percival I want stationed in a high orbit in case of a delayed attack.”
	“Incoming message from the Vice-President, Captain,” said Tristian. She had to admit, it was an unbelievable turn-on to be sleeping with the Captain of a ship such as the Marie Celeste.
	“Put it on screen,” replied Dan. “Good afternoon Mr Redmond. What can I do for you?”
	“Just a courtesy call Captain, I see there are only four ships in orbit,” replied Redmond.
	“That’s right Sir,” Dan paused. “The Reaper… well Sir you know Trixi. She took the Reaper and her crew along with her sisters on some secret mission.”
	“Well as long as they are still with us,” replied Redmond, breathing a sigh of relief. “I have a fair idea where they’re headed. Make berth in your own time Captain, we’ll debrief when you get down here.”
	“Yes Sir.”

***

	A short time later, the Marie Celeste and the Spider were docked next to each other, their respective crews sat in the oval office.
	“How many refugees would you say Captain?” asked Redmond.
	“It’s difficult to say Sir,” replied Dan.
	“Give me a ballpark figure.”
	“At least a thousand Sir,” replied Dan. “You have to remember that the population of Prima was heading for fifty thousand, easily. There ain't many of 'em left.”
	“That is a huge loss,” replied Redmond, stating the glaringly obvious. “We will hold a memorial service tomorrow afternoon in memory of those lost on Prima.”
	“Yes Sir,” replied Dan once more.
	“Now you say you were surrounded by twenty ships, and yet not one of them made any move.”
	“That’s correct Sir,” replied Simons. “We thought it a little strange, but rather get home in one piece than stop and question our would be attackers.”
	“Of course Captain,” replied Redmond. “Of course you did the correct thing,” Redmond paused. “I would however like a theory as to why they didn’t attack.”
	“Maybe they were scared,” suggested Dan. “I know I was.”
	“I think we can safely assume that a race of savage vampiric aliens were not scared by a few ships,” Redmond shot Dan down.
	“They weren’t scared.” Everyone turned to see the speaker. It was Karla Spenning, pilot of the Spider. 
	“Then what were they doing?” asked Dan.
	“They wanted to see what we would do,” replied Karla. “They wanted to see what reaction they would get out of us if they surrounded us, and they got one. I’ll put money on it that it’s the one they were hoping for as well.”
	“You mean now they think were chicken shit?” asked Dan.
	“Not the words I'd have chosen,” replied Karla. “But yes.”
	“That fucking brilliant is that,” Dan shouted. “Here we are supposed to be the superior race, and they think we’re running scared.”
	“This could play to our advantage,” said Simons. “They think we’re not gonna’ fight back if they attack.” Simons looked across the table at Dan. “They think we’re running scared? We’ve got them right where we want them.”
	“So,” said Dan, turning to Mr Redmond. “When is the rest of the fleet gonna’ be ready?”
	“Much faster than it was going to be,” replied Redmond. “As soon as a ship becomes battle ready I want it in the air.”
	“Yes Sir,” the crews stood up, slung a salute, and walked out of the room.
	“We need to form a perimeter around the planet,” said Dan as he and Simons walked outside. “We can use the Percival and the Big Dog as reference points, and then fill in the gaps.”
	“That’s a big gap to fill,” replied Simons. “I’ll get in the air right away; see if you can’t hurry things up a little down here, eh?” 
	Simons smiled as he jogged off towards his ship. Dan took a seat on a nearby bench; he couldn’t remember the last time he’d had a decent nights' sleep. He took a cigarette from the packet in his pocket, lit it and took a long, deep drag. He exhaled slowly so as to savour the flavour. He couldn’t remember the last time he’d had a drink either. He’d definitely have to do something about that at the earliest opportunity. Dan looked up to see Tristian walking towards him, smoking a cigarette and swinging her hips in that sexy way she knew sent Dan wild.
	“Things are gonna’ get ugly,” said Tristian, taking a seat next to her lover.
	“I know,” replied Dan. “We need the rest of the fleet in the air as quickly as we can.”
	“You think it’ll be enough?” asked Tristian. 
	“Honestly?” replied Dan. “I don’t think we stand a chance, I mean ninety-five percent of the population of Prima were killed or turned within a fortnight.”
	“They had no defence,” replied Tristian.
	“I know,” said Dan. “We should have been there.”
	“Even if we were there do you think we’d have been able to do anything?”
	“Ain't the point,”  he retorted sharply. He took a deep breath, and lit another cigarette. “Sorry, I don’t mean to snap.”
	“Don’t worry about it,” replied Tristian. “I know how you feel. We all had friends down there.”

***

	“Are the Big Dog and the Percival where they should be?” asked Simons.
	“Yes Sir,” replied Mike Hunt, his navigation officer.
	“We aren’t far off,” said Karla Spenning.
	“Good,” replied Simons. “Karla, get Dan on the com and let him know. The Marie Celeste should be off the ground shortly.”
	“Yes Sir,” replied Spenning. “Do you think we’re at risk this far away from Prima Sir?”
	“Not yet,” replied Simons. “Give it a month or so and I’m certain I’ll be giving you a different answer.” 
	“Dan. This is the Spider,” Spenning spoke into the com.
	“I got you Karla,” replied Dan after a brief pause.
	“We’re all in position,” she said. “How’re things going down there?”
	“No change as yet,” replied Dan. “We’ll be in the air soon as. Reckon it’s gonna’ take probably a week until we’re at full strength up there though.”
	“Thank you Captain,” said Spenning, and cut the transmission.
	“The Marie Celeste will be up here soon,” said Spenning to Simons. “As for the rest of the fleet, Dan says it could be anything up to a week before we’re at full strength.”
	“Looks like it’s up to us then, don’t it?” said Simons, smiling bravely.

***

	Dan lit a cigarette as he sat on the cargo bay ramp. He stared out at the vast number of ships being worked upon. None of them were anywhere near completion. Mechanics and engineers were scurrying to and fro, fetching and carrying, testing and re-testing, aiming for perfection. 
	He couldn’t help but think there was little chance of survival. All he saw was a lose-lose situation. Either they fought and died, or they did nothing and died. Negative thinking was getting him nowhere however, and he most certainly was not going to go out without a fight. They just had to make the best of a fuck-awful situation, and who knew, with a bit of luck they may yet come out on top. 
	Dan finished his cigarette and flicked it down the ramp. He stood and turned, heading back into the Marie Celeste.
	“What do you guys say to a little music?” he asked into the com.
	“Sounds like a plan,” replied Pete. “What did you have in mind Sir?”
	“Surprise me,” said Dan, smiling as he made his way through the ship. Mazie was heading the opposite way down the corridor towards the engine room.
	“Everything OK Doctor?” Dan asked.
	“Yes Sir,” replied Mazie. “Just about to carry out a few final checks.” He paused as ‘Down with the Sickness’, by Disturbed began to play through the Marie Celeste’s vast PA system, both men nodding their heads in time with the music “We should be ready in an hour or so.”
	“OK Doc, as soon as you’re ready,” said Dan. “You did a decent job with these speakers, I must say.”
	“Actually that was Doctor Hart,” replied Mazie. “She’s quite the lady in the know when it comes to sound systems it seems.”
	“Well tell her from me that it’s appreciated,” replied Dan. “Twenty-First century metal does sound excellent through a high-end system.”
	“I shall pass that on Sir,” said Mazie with a smile, as he turned to head for the engine room.

***

	“Glad to have you guys up here with us,” said Simons into the com. “Thought you were gonna’ miss the party.”
	“Don’t be silly,” replied Dan. “I'm the fucking life and soul, bra'ah.”
	“Any news?” asked Simons.
	“No,” said Dan. “We’re monitoring Prima and the surrounding space but there’s no movement as yet.”
	“You think we’re wasting time?” asked Simons.
	“I think that we’re where we need to be,” said Dan. “If it turns out there ain't an attack, then we go home happy. If on the other hand there is an attack, then we get to play with guns,” Dan laughed. “I see no bad here.”
	“You’re a fucking nutter Captain,” laughed Simons. “But I feel infinitely better about this knowing that you’re in the thick of it.”
	“Well thank you Captain,” replied Dan. “We’d better get into position.”

***


	Devra was a large planet deep in the Middle Ring, with vast rolling mountain ranges, lush tropical forest and sandy beaches that stretched as far as the eye could see.
	Despite its size, Devra was sparsely populated, home to only a few hundred people. It was quite literally an untouched paradise.
	Secily was a young girl of thirteen or fourteen. She was at the market in Devra’s largest village when the attack began.
	The people of Devra had no chance; they were a peaceful people who lived off the land. They'd shunned the use of technology, believing that to be the root cause of Mankind’s failures. They ate only what they could grow, and using raw materials such as wood and stone to build anything they needed. The attack lasted fifteen minutes. 
	Secily had run into the forest, seeking refuge in the dense undergrowth. She'd come across a small low cave, just large enough for her to squeeze herself inside, and there she stayed. Petrified.

***

	“Incoming message Captain.”
	“Put it up for me Tristian,” replied Dan.
	“Yes Sir.”
	“Mr Redmond,” said Dan, as the Vice-President's image appeared on screen. “What can I do for you Sir?”
	“We’re getting sketchy reports of another attack, this time on Devra,” replied Mr Redmond.
	“Devra?” asked Dan, puzzled. “I thought that rock was uninhabited.”
	“It might as well be,” replied Redmond. “It has a population of roughly six hundred people. They have no technology there. If there was an attack, it would've been over very quickly.”
	“You want us to do a fly-by?” asked Dan.
	“We owe it to any survivors that might be left down there,” replied Redmond. “I can’t spare another ship though so you are going to have to go it alone.”
	“I thought as much,” said Dan.
	“I also need you to be as quick as you can,” Redmond carried on, ignoring Dan’s tone. “We can’t really spare you.”
	“Don’t worry Sir,” replied Dan. “I don’t imagine for a second that there are any survivors, so we shouldn’t be too long.”
	“Good,” said Redmond. “However make sure that in your haste you do not jeopardise the lives of any survivors.”
	“Yes Sir.” The screen blinked off, and Dan turned to Tristian. “Open a channel to the Spider for me.”
	“Yes Sir,” replied Tristian. 
	“You there Captain?” Dan asked.
	“Go ahead Captain,” Simons replied.
	“There’s been an attack out on Devra, Redmond wants us to go and check it out.” Dan paused. “You guys OK to hold down the fort for a while?”
	“No worries my friend,” replied Simons. “Take it easy though.” Tristian cut the transmission. 
	“Course is in the system Captain,” she said. “Should take about twenty-one hours.”
	“I can think of a few things to while away the journey,” replied Dan, smiling. “Take her out Pete, give us a shout if anything comes up.”
	“I will,” replied Pete, nodding knowingly at Tristian. “You two enjoy yourselves now.”

***

	Secily sat shivering just inside the entrance to the cave. She dared not light a fire in case she was discovered. She wrapped her arms around her knees and cursed the Devra Council for their beliefs that technology was an abomination. She heard movement out in the forest and she knew she couldn't be seen unless she moved so she sat stock still, watching intently.
	After a few moments she noticed two figures beyond the tree line. They didn’t seem to be looking for anyone, but Secily knew she couldn’t risk getting captured.


***

	Simons sat alone on the bridge of the Spider. He was really quite bored. He knew that what they were doing was essential to the survival of Mankind, but he couldn’t get excited about it. A light on the console in front of him indicated an incoming message.
	“Captain Simons,” the voice was unfamiliar to him. “This is Commander Dave Rogers.”
	“Good morning Commander,” replied Simons.
	“Just thought you might like to know,” Rogers began. “In about an hour it’s gonna’ get a whole lot busier up here.”
	“What do you mean?” asked Simons, puzzled.
	“The fleet is ready ahead of schedule,” replied Rogers. “We’ll be joining you shortly.”
	“How did the fleet get ready so fast?” asked Simons.
	“We’ve had everybody working around the clock,” replied Rogers. “We can’t have you boys getting all the glory up here, can we?” Rogers laughed.
	“Well we were beginning to get lonely up here,” Simons joked. “See you soon Commander.” Simons cut the transmission, and established a link to the Marie Celeste. They had only been gone a few hours and Simons knew they would still be in range.
	“Captain, this is Simons,” Simons spoke into the com.
“This is Pete, Captain,” Pete’s voice came back. “The Captain is... otherwise engaged,”
	“So would I be if I had a woman like his,” Simons laughed. “The rest of the fleet is mobilising, and will be in the air within an hour.”
	“Well it’s about fucking time,” replied Pete.
	“How are you getting on?” Simons asked.
	“We’re about twelve hours away,” replied Pete. “At least you’re gonna’ have a whole lot more company.”
	“Indeed,” replied Simons. “Let us know if you need any help.”
	“Will do Captain.” Simons cut the transmission, and assembled his crew on the bridge.
	“Captain,” Pete spoke into the com. “Just got a call from Simons. He says that the fleet is mobilised, in the air within an hour.”
	“That’s good news,” replied Dan after a few moments, breathless. “Now if you’ll excuse me.” Dan cut the transmission and Pete went back to what he was doing, allowing the Marie Celeste fly herself.

***

	From the sanctuary of her cave Secily heard a noise from above. Cautiously she peered out and watched a ship as it landed at the edge of the forest. The ship had completely different markings to those ships that lead the earlier attack. Elated as the ship landed, she ran towards it. The cargo ramp was lowered and she was greeted by a smiling woman dressed in what looked like a military uniform. Secily ran up the ramp into the open arms of the woman. She cried with relief as the ramp was raised and the ship lifted off.


Chapter Twelve
Third Time Lucky


	“We’re coming up on Devra, Captain,” said Pete, speaking into the com. “Looks pretty quiet as fuck down there, all activity seems to be confined to an area around the North Pole.”
	“OK mate,” replied Dan. “Scan for life, see what else you pick up.” He and Tristian quickly dressed and made their way to the bridge to join Pete and Mazie.
	“You know much about Devra Doc?”
	“Not a great deal,” replied Mazie. “I do know that the climate and landscape are very similar to that of Earth.”
	“Ideal planet then really,” said Pete.
	“How come it never got used as a core planet?” asked Dan.
	“Too far from the centre of the system is my guess,” replied Mazie. “Which is unfortunate, because I hear it is lovely down there.”
	“I’m not getting any life signs, other than around the pole,” said Pete. “There was an energy burst on the other side of the planet as we came into orbit though.”
	“What kind of energy burst?” asked Dan.
	“The kind of energy burst given off when a ship enters hyper-space,” replied Pete.
	“So we weren’t the first to pay our vampire friends a visit then, eh?” said Dan.
	“Or they’re using this planet as a base to explore more of the system,” Mazie suggested.
	“Well,” replied Dan. “Either way we don’t want to get into a fight if we can help it. Let’s head back to Alpha, at least we’ll be able to put up a decent defence with the fleet being complete.”

***

	Secily awoke, and instantly the girl knew something was not quite right. As her eyes grew accustomed to the darkness she could make out vague shapes.
	She tried to move, an act resulting with the realisation her hands and feet were bound. Her vision began to return, and she wished it hadn’t. She was in a cage just large enough for her to lie down. Looking around she realised that she was not alone; there was a cage next to her and another next to that. Hundreds of cages with a girl such as she occupying every single one. She was about to speak, when a door opened and light filtered slowly into the room. Secily could make out a figure in the dim light.
	“As you all know, your respective worlds have been attacked and taken over,” the speaker was female, her voice offering slight relief, calm as it was. “My crew and I have rescued you all from what was certainly the closest to Hell you have ever been. Had we not you would have ended up as food, or one of them and I know not one amongst you would have wanted that to happen.”
	The woman paused, and took a few steps into the room before continuing.
	“We care about each and every one of you, and want to give you a future. That is why we are going to sell each of you to the highest bidder. This way we all get what we want, you girls get a life, and my crew and I get handsomely rewarded for saving your lives.” 
	Various cries of ‘you can’t do that’ and ‘you won’t get away with it’ could be heard. Secily sat in silence, not quite believing what she had just heard. She realised that the girl in the cage next to hers was crying.
	“Don’t worry,” she said as calmly and as quietly as she could. “It’ll work out OK.” 
	“No it won’t,” sniffed the girl. “It’s only going to get worse.” Secily couldn’t help but agree, so she decided to try to put a positive spin on the situation. At least she was relatively safe, for now at least and she was most definitely alive. It seemed to her that if these people were going to hurt the girls they would have done so already. That, Secily thought to herself, was definitely a bonus.


***

	“Well fuck me,” said Dan as the Marie Celeste approached Alpha. “It's a whole lot busier up here now.”
	“Welcome home Captain,” a voice came over the com.
	“That you Rogers?” asked Dan. “I wondered how long it’d take you to get a command out here.”
	“Too long in my mind,” replied Rogers, laughing.
	“Too fucking right,” replied Dan. “Have we missed the fight?”
	“Unfortunately not,” said Rogers. “Absolutely no activity to report Sir.”
	“I thought as much,” replied Dan. “Have we received word from the Reaper?”
	“No Sir,” replied Rogers. “But from what I gather that is not unexpected.”
	“Got that shit right,” said Dan. “I wish they’d get in touch though, I mean for all we know they’ve been killed.”
	“Something tells me that Trixi and her sisters are not all that easy to kill,” said Rogers. “I’m certain they’ll be fine.”
	“Sir we’ve got incoming,” Tristian interrupted.
	“How many?” asked Dan.
	“I can’t be certain Sir,” replied Tristian. “It could be one, or it could be a hundred.”
	“We could do with a tad more accuracy than that,” said Dan.
	“It’s the best I can do Captain, the signal is fluctuating,” said Tristian, sounding genuinely concerned.
	“As soon as you have an accurate figure for me let me know,” ordered Dan. “Pete get on the com and make sure that all ships are aware we’ve probably got trouble.”
	“Yes Captain,” replied Pete, as he turned to his console.
	“Doc, I get the feeling we’re gonna’ need an immense amount of fire power,” said Dan, turning to Mazie. “What you got for me?”
	“Nothing new I’m afraid,” replied Mazie, staring at the floor. “We have the rail guns of course.”
	“We need more than fucking rail guns,” said Dan. “I know you’ve been working on something, you and K are the same, constantly fucking around with machines.”
	“Well,” began Mazie. “I do have something new, but it’s not been field tested at all.”
	“What is it Doc?” asked Dan, getting frustrated.
	“Stasis bombs,” replied Mazie. He could see the puzzled look on Dan’s face. “Essentially they create a temporary time dilation field. Time within the field will slow down, years inside will be mere minutes outside.”
	“I see,” replied Dan. “What use are they going to be to us? We want to blow the fuckers outta’ the sky, not freeze them in time.”
	“I understand,” replied Mazie. “I’ll come up with something.”
	“Make sure you do Doc,” replied Dan, smiling. 
	“Sir I have a figure for you,” said Tristian. The look on her face told Dan that he was most certainly not going to like the figure in question.
	“Hit me,”
	“A thousand.”
	“Excuse me?”
	“A thousand.,” she repeated. “Near as makes no difference at any rate.”
	“What..?” Dan really didn’t know what to say. “We can’t defend ourselves against a thousand ships, and more to the point where the fuck did they get a thousand ships from?”
	“You want a cigarette Sir?” asked Pete.
	“Definitely,” said Dan, taking a cigarette from Pete. They both lit up simultaneously. “What the fuck are we going to do?”

***

	Secily was awoken once more by the same, dull light as before. It did little to light up the room, just outline the darkness. She was concerned, and she really didn’t like that feeling. 
	“Wake up girls,” the woman spoke. “We are a few minutes from landing, and you will all be taken to market.”
	She entered the room, and for the first time Secily caught a glimpse of her face. She couldn’t help but think her hair looked stupid, it most certainly looked like she had cut it herself, badly at that.
	“You will all be on your best behaviour at market. If you fuck around we will shoot you. No one will want to buy a rebellious little girl. Have I made myself clear?” Silence greeted the question, and the woman smiled to herself. “Good,”
	The ship landed and as promised the girls' cages were opened. They were herded like animals down the cargo ramp and outside into the blinding sunlight. They had no idea which planet they were on, but the heat was stifling. As they walked the girls were pushed, spat at, and slapped around, until they were ushered into a huge hall. She noticed the ring of seats around the outside and a cattle pen almost dead centre containing a crudely built podium.
	The hall was almost empty save for the huge group of girls, but Secily imagined that it would quickly fill. The girls were moved into a much smaller room just off the main hall, where they were told they would wait until the auction began. For the first time during her ordeal Secily began to feel scared as she realised how very real the situation was. 
	Hours passed and gradually noise filtered through into the back room indicating that the main hall was filling up with potential buyers. The door to the room opened and the first girl was taken out. Secily was too far away from the door to see who she was, but without even seeing her she knew the look on her face. A few minutes later the noise in the hall grew louder, and another girl was taken to be auctioned off.
	The practice continued for four or five hours before there was only a handful of girls left in the back room, Secily amongst them. They weren’t speaking to one another, nor were they making eye contact. In fact they were all making a real effort to blend into the background, to be invisible. The door opened once more and a very well dressed man entered. He marched across the room taking huge strides and grabbed Secily roughly by the shoulder.
	This was it; her time.
	She was pushed through the door and out into the main hall. There were thousands of people, mostly women Secily noticed, but there were a lot of men there as well. She made her way slowly through the crowd, trying to ignore the buttock slaps, the cat calls, and everything else that was going on around her. 	She reached the cattle pen in the centre of the room and once more she was pushed roughly inside and told to stand on the podium. The well dressed man who had taken her from the back room was leaning against the pen smoking a cigarette, leering at her. He blew his cigarette smoke at her, and then flicked the butt at her feet. Another man, equally as well dressed was running the auction.
	Secily was in a world of her own, she couldn’t believe what was happening to her. Two days ago she'd had a home, a family, and was free to do whatever she pleased. Now it seemed she and the rest of the girls were cattle. She could hear the auctioneer speaking, but the words were not making any sense, he was talking too fast. She picked out the odd word here and there. ‘Prime’ and ‘young’ were both used she assumed to describe her, the animal in the pen. She felt like crying but she didn't want to show any weakness, she didn't want to show that she was absolutely petrified.

***

	“I have an idea,” Mazie looked up from his console. “It might not work, but it’s the best I can come up with on this time scale.”
	“OK,” said Dan. “What’s the plan?”
	“Well as you know Alpha has recently had a planetary shield installed which sits five hundred feet above sea level when activated,” Mazie explained.
	“We know this Doc, carry on,” said Dan.
	“If we fire stasis bombs strategically at Alpha, at the precise moment they raise their shields then the planet and its surrounding atmosphere will be caught in the time dilation field.” Mazie took a deep breath before continuing. “Now I know you’re going to ask how that helps us up here, well I shall tell you. I have modified the stasis bombs we have on board and they will now slow time so much that it might as well stop, and sent instruction to the rest of the fleet to do the same. What I propose is that we draw the enemy within range of this planetary sized time dilation field, and activate it.”
	“That sounds pretty fucking risky to me Doc,” said Dan after a few moments. “It sounds good in theory don’t get me wrong, but how long will it take in real terms for the enemy ships to reach the planets' surface?”
	“Years,” replied Mazie. “Decades probably, but either way it gives us enough time to find a way to destroy a fleet of this magnitude.”
	“Will it work?” asked Pete, a question to which Mazie simply shrugged in reply.
	“Well the way I see it we have no choice,” said Dan. “We’re gonna' need a decoy. What’s the fastest ship in our fleet?”
	“Over a short distance that’d be the Spider Sir,” replied Pete. “Karla’s an excellent pilot as well, should be able to do the job.”
	“OK,” began Dan. “Get Simons on the com, here’s the plan.”

***

	“So where exactly are we going Ma’am?” asked JD. He was getting a little frustrated. He'd been piloting the Reaper for days, simply flying through empty space, not so much as a planet in sight. 
	“I don’t know JD,” replied Trixi, ignoring her pilot's obvious frustration. “All I know is that I’ll know when we get there.”
	“I know,” said JD. “So you keep saying.” He desperately wanted to use the Half-Light Drive, but of course to be able to use that correctly you needed a destination in mind.

***

	The Spider sat in orbit around Alpha, a solitary vessel waiting for the vast numbers of enemy ships to draw close enough to lure them all into the time dilation field.
	“Are you up for this Karla?” asked Simons of his pilot. “You need to get us out the other side before the time field hits.”
	“Yes Sir,” replied Karla Spenning. “I could use a cigarette though.”
	“You and me both,” replied Simons, fishing in his pockets for a packet of cigarettes.
	“Thank you Sir,” said Karla as Simons threw her a tab. “I just wish they’d attack, I can’t stand this waiting.”
	“They do seem to be taking their time,” replied Simons, looking at his screen. “It looks like a couple of ships break off from the main pack every few minutes, but they don’t actually seem to be making moves to get any closer,” Simons paused to take a drag on his cigarette. “I suppose all we can do is wait.”
	“Maybe,” said Karla.
	“Maybe?” asked Simons.
“We could piss them off,” suggested Karla. “It’d certainly mean we don’t have to wait, and alleviate the boredom a little.”
	“What are you suggesting?” asked Simons, intrigued.
	“Well Sir,” began Karla. “I’m suggesting that we jump to within a couple of hundred feet of their position. Then I guess it’s a drag race into Alpha’s atmosphere and out the other side, catching the enemy fleet in the middle.” Karla caught Simons’ eye as she finished talking, and saw the look of excitement that was already spreading over the rest of his face.
	“Get hold of the Marie Celeste,” ordered Simons. “Let Dan know what we’re planning.”
	“Yes Sir,” replied Karla.
	A minute or so later the Spider disappeared from Alpha’s orbit, and appeared almost instantly a few hundred feet in front of the enemy fleet. Seemingly unable to believe their luck, the thousand attacking vessels began to move towards the Spider.
	“You’d better be able to outrun these guys Karla,” shouted Simons as he stared at his display. “Else we're fucked.”
	“Don’t you worry Sir,” replied Karla as she spun the Spider around. “Check this out.” As Karla spoke, she hit the accelerator and the Spider headed back towards Alpha at high speed. Alpha was an hour away, and Karla was almost sure that they would make it. “Get on the guns,” Karla shouted down the com. “I don’t want to take any chances.”

***

	“You watching this Rogers?” asked Dan over the com.
	“Yes Dan,” replied Rogers. “We’re ready to move on your mark.”
	“Good,” said Dan. “We’ve gotta’ time this right else we’ll end up losing this fight very fucking quickly.”
	“Have you seen the speed Karla’s getting out of the Spider?” asked Rogers as he looked at his screen. “At this rate she’s going to be in and out the other side before the enemy fleet has broken atmo. She’s pulling away from them at an astonishing rate.”
	“Tell me about it,” replied Dan, amused by the awe in Rogers’ voice. Dan switched the com to long range, before speaking again. “You’re looking good from here Karla,” he said. “Keep it up.”
	“Don’t worry Sir,” replied Karla, breathless with adrenaline. “I got this.” 
	Dan cut the transmission and watched his monitor. She really was an excellent pilot.
	“Ready to jump in thirty seconds,” he spoke into the com. “We’ve all gotta’ go together. You’ve all got your co-ordinates so don’t fuck it up.” He paused. “Fifteen seconds.” He flicked the switch to put him through to the engine room. “You ready Doc?” He asked.
	“Ready,” was Mazie’s reply. The next few seconds seemed to pass by very slowly, and as Dan watched his monitor he was sure that the numbers in the countdown were yawning as they flicked by.
	“Hit it!” he shouted.

***

	The Spider entered the Alphaen atmosphere. Anyone watching would have noticed that despite the friction created by the atmosphere, the vessel seemed to gain yet more speed. Karla pointed the nose at the ground. The ship was still four hundred feet above sea level but approaching the ground very quickly. 
	As the ground drew ever nearer Karla pulled up on the controls, and agonizingly slowly the Spider came out of its nose dive, skimming the tops of the trees as Karla managed to point her charge skywards. She put her foot right through the floor.
	“The enemy fleet is entering atmo now!” shouted Simons over the roar of the engines. “Get us the hell outta’ here.”
	“Working on it,” replied Karla, as she wrestled with the controls.
	“Twenty seconds and we’re free and clear!” yelled Simons, staring intently at his display. It was the slowest twenty seconds of Simons’ life. “Ten seconds!” he shouted as he saw the Marie Celeste appear, followed by the Big Dog. The rest of the fleet appeared in quick succession. 
	“Firing now!” Dan yelled down the com at the same instant that the Spider escaped Alpha’s atmosphere. “Redmond get those fucking shields up, good luck.”
	“Good luck to you guys,” replied Redmond, as the planetary shield swiftly engulfed Alpha. The fleet fired their stasis grenades, and within a matter of seconds Alpha was trapped inside a time dilation field, along with the entire enemy fleet.
	“Fuck me that was amazing.” Karla’s excitement was evident to everyone who could hear her voice on the com.
	“We did it guys,” Dan said, almost as excitedly as Karla. “Well piloted Karla, I gotta’ say I wasn’t sure if you’d make it. I’m impressed.”
	“Thank you Sir,” replied Karla as calmly as she could.
	“You should be pleased with yourself as well Doc,” Dan spoke through the com to the engine room of the Marie Celeste.
	“Well I was almost certain that the plan would work,” replied Mazie. “Have to admit I’m not sure what we’d have done had it not.”
	“Let’s not worry about that now mate,” replied Dan. “We still have work to do.”

***

	What happened next was something that Dan would never forget. It was in fact something that no one would forget, for on the stroke of midday, local time, everybody died.


11.37

	Fresh from their recent battle, the victorious crews were all on board the Marie Celeste enjoying a well deserved celebratory meal before getting down to solving the crisis that was Alpha. They knew they had plenty of time, potentially decades and not one of them would rest until they had saved Alpha and all the people trapped there. But they deserved this, and were going to enjoy it.
	Tristian and Mazie were on the bridge of the Marie Celeste, monitoring the scanners and setting up a few barriers so that they would all get plenty of warning should anyone attack.
	“What’s that?” asked Tristian, pointing at two blips that'd just appeared on the display.
	“I’m not sure,” replied Mazie. “It’s more than likely a couple of supply ships that didn’t receive the message sent out by Redmond.”
	“Keep a weather eye,” said Tristian. “We don’t want any nasty surprises.” She looked at the monitor and studied the blips more closely. They were a long way out but were beginning to take shape. As these shapes got closer, Tristian could see there was more than two. It was a small fleet of ten vessels, and they were heading straight for the Marie Celeste, the temporary flag ship of the Planetary Council Fleet.


11.45

	Tristian ran, taking huge strides and jumping down flights of stairs, not caring when she ran into the alloy girders that held the ship together.


11.49

	She arrived breathless in the huge mess hall, and took a few seconds to compose herself whilst the noise died down. Pointing at the wall above the door where the silent alarm was flashing, she said two words.
	“Being... Attacked!”


11.52

	Mazie watched the monitor, helpless as the Marie Celeste was surrounded by the ten attacking vessels. He opened a channel in an attempt to communicate with the lead vessel, but the transmission cut out before he managed to say a word.


11.55

	Dan arrived on the bridge, swiftly followed by Tristian, her face bloodied and bruised where she'd bounced off the floor and girders, all in an effort to reach the mess hall in time. Simons and Karla Spenning also joined them.
	“What the fuck is happening?” asked Dan.
	“We’re trapped,” replied Mazie. “They've set up a barrier, I can’t get a signal out.”
	“Karla try and fly us out of here,” ordered Dan.
	“Yes Sir,” replied Karla as she flung herself into the pilot's chair.
	“Mazie get down to the engine room,” barked Dan. “Pick Pete up on your way and see if between the two of you we can get a lot more power.” Mazie turned and ran.




11.58

	The attacking vessels broke their formation, and engaging their hyper-drive they left the vicinity extremely quickly. The Marie Celeste was still trapped, unable to move. Karla made numerous attempts to free the ship from this deadlock, but to no avail.


11.59

	Mazie met Pete as he was on his way to the bridge. “Come with me!” shouted Mazie without breaking stride. Sensing the urgency in Mazie’s voice, Pete turned and followed without question. 


12.00

	Unbeknown to the occupants of the Marie Celeste, the fleet that had attacked them had attached ten thermonuclear warheads to the outside of the ship. The Marie Celeste’s shields would do nothing to prevent the blast from these ripping the ship apart.
	That's exactly what happened. All ten warheads exploded at timed intervals, and the resulting blast was contained within the energy field which held the Marie Celeste stationary.
	Within a matter of seconds the Marie Celeste and all on board her were destroyed.

***

	Almost a week had passed since the rescue on Prima. JD had taken to not really paying attention where he was piloting the Reaper. Trixi told him that she really had no idea where she wanted to be so the way he figured, it didn’t really matter where they went. It wasn’t until the sixth day that Trixi came rushing onto the bridge having just been talking with Janey.
	“I know where we need to be,” said Trixi, her voice calm and collected.
	“Well it’s about time,” replied JD. “Where are we headed?”
	“It’s a when again I’m afraid.”
	“You mean we’re going time travelling again?” the pilot asked, shaking his head slowly. “I don’t even know how we did it the last time.”
	“You don’t need to know,” replied Trixi, her voice still calm. “All you need to do is what you do best, and fly this ship where I tell you.”
	“Yes Ma’am,” replied JD.
	“Janey,” Trixi spoke into the com. “Join me in the engine room.” With that Trixi turned and left the bridge, making her way to the engine room to meet her younger sister. She walked slowly, using the walk to her destination as an excuse to gather her thoughts. She and her sisters needed to get back to their own time. They needed to understand where and why they came from. Trixi couldn’t stop think about her conversation with Redmond and the information or lack thereof he'd given her.
	Although there was much Trixi didn't understand, there was one of those many things that stuck out. The power that she and her sisters possessed. Where did it come from?

***

	“I’m ready when you are,” said JD over the com as Trixi arrived in the engine room.
	“Give us a few minutes,” she replied. “You’ll know when it’s time.”
	“Yes Ma’am.” Trixi cut the transmission, and turned to Janey.
	“We need to go home, Janey,” said Trixi to her younger sister.
	“I know,” replied Janey. “We have to focus our energies.” 	Janey and Trixi joined hands and focused on nothing, completely clearing their minds of everything, an act much harder than most anything else.
	After a few moments they felt the temperature rising, slowly at first but it was noticeable. Images of their childhood flashed through their minds, trying to find a reference point.
	They had to find a time shortly after they had left to avoid a paradox.
	The the nature of the images changed, they were no longer of their childhood, but images of they way their life would've been had they stayed in their own time. There was war, a terrible war that would change the face of human history forever. This war was going happen, and always would have happened.
	The girls knew this, just as they knew that if they had the power to prevent it, they would.

***

	The temperature on board the Reaper was getting unbearable. Sat waiting on the bridge, JD was burning up. He peeled off his top, and was sat in a pair of jeans and his combat boots. A few moments went by, and it wasn’t only heat but an intense light seemed to be radiating all around. It got to the point that JD couldn't see his hand in front of his face, and he decided that enough was enough. He could pilot the Reaper with his eyes closed, and it was just as well because they may as well have been. He accelerated, hoping that the Reaper’s early warning system would alert him to any upcoming obstacle. 
	Then there was nothing.

***

	Secily could remember none of the events that transpired once the auction for her started. She'd allowed herself to slip into a daze, and it was only now she was coming to. She opened her eyes and found herself in darkness.
	She quickly realised that she was blindfolded, and when she tried to move her hands and feet she discovered that both were bound together. She felt the rope rubbing against her bare flash, causing her considerable pain. She lay quietly and listened, hearing two muffled voices somewhere close. There was something else as well, a low humming noise, but Secily had no idea what that noise might be. 
	Secily was suddenly pushed forward, as if an invisible force had moved her. The muffled voices she had heard were now much louder albeit no less muffled and she was sure she could hear the sound of gun fire.
	She heard the sound of a door opening, and felt fresh air wash over her. She heard footsteps walking up to her, stopping next to her head before she was scooped up, and put gently over what felt like an extremely broad shoulder. She felt herself being carried down a few steps, and then lowered to her ground. She was sat upright, most likely against a tree, and her blindfold was removed.
	The intense sunlight blinded her temporarily, but as her vision cleared she was staring straight into the most handsome eyes she could've ever imagined. Such a deep blue, they made all other eyes seem somehow insignificant. 
	“How d'you feel?” the owner of the eyes asked her. He had a rugged look about him as if he had not shaved for a week, and long black hair matted to his head.
	“I... I..” Secily managed to say.
	“It’s OK,” said the man with the eyes, softly. “Take your time.” He offered her a bottle of water which she took and swigged deeply.
	“What’s your name?” he asked.
	“Secily,” replied Secily, thankful for the water.
	“Well... I'm Trayn,” said Trayn in the same, soft voice.
	“Thank you,” said Secily, nodding her head towards what looked to her like a small space craft.
	“Oh that?” said Trayn. He almost sounded embarrassed. “No hassle.”
	“How did you know?” asked Secily, taking another drink of water. She felt incredibly dehydrated. 
	“Know what?” asked Trayn. “That you were in the back of the truck?” He paused. “Well I had to wait until they’d got you to a place where I could get you out without being seen. I’ve been tracking you for two days since you left Town.”
	“Town?” asked Secily, a little puzzled.
	“Yeah... the only town on this rock,” explained Trayn. “Most people who live here are either slaves, or have more money than sense.”
	“What about you?” asked Secily. “You’re not a slave, and you certainly look like you don’t have any money.”
	“I’m a Ranger,” Trayn replied.
	“What’s a Ranger?” Secily asked.
	“Ain't many of us left now,” explained Trayn. “We travel where we can find work, which usually means we’re bounty hunters.”
	“I see,” replied Secily. “So what do you want with me?”
	“The men in the front of the cab,” Trayn pointed over to the truck. “There was a contract out on their lives. Rescuing you was something I’d do for nothing.” Trayn winked at her kindly.
	“What’s going to happen to me now?” Secily asked. “I don’t even know where I am and my home planet of Devra was destroyed.”
	“Well you can stick with me if you like,” Trayn suggested. “Truth be told this is a pretty lonely existence, nought glamorous 'bout it though.”
	“Thank you,” said Secily, smiling.

***

	“Ident three-zero-five-seven, we have you incoming.” JD heard an unfamiliar voice on the com. “Maintain present course and dock in sector four.” He had no idea what was happening, or where the fuck the Reaper had ended up. “Welcome home.”
	Trixi arrived on the bridge and JD turned to her immediately. 
	“Where the fuck are we?” he asked, confused. “And since when has the Reaper had an ident code?”
	“We’re arriving at Seint, capital of the New System,” replied Trixi.
	“The New System?” asked JD.
	“After the Civil War of Twenty-Four Seventeen, there was a mass migration out of the system. Most of the core planets were destroyed, along with many of the major trading planets such as Prima,” Trixi explained. “The old system is still inhabited, but very sparsely. The New System is the peak of civilization, with the quality of life the highest it has ever been.”
	“What are we doing here?” asked JD.
	“We’re home,” Trixi smiled. “This is our time, where we are supposed to be.”
	“But what are we doing here?” asked JD. “We’re needed back in the fight.”
	“The fight is over,” said Janey bluntly as she joined them on the bridge.
	“Did we win?” asked JD. Janey always managed to surprise him.
	“Everybody is dead,” she replied. “There’s no one left,” JD could see the tears welling up in her eyes.
	“Dead?” he asked.
	“Almost,” Janey replied, with a smile spreading across her face. “I can see them now.”
	“Who can you see?” asked Trixi of her sister.
	“I can see,” said Janey again, whispering.

***

	A man stood, surveying the land that lay before him. There was nothing but barren wasteland for miles and miles around. In the distance a huge mountain range almost encircled the plain upon which he stood, but it was almost five days walk to the foot of the nearest mountain. The last of the winter snow still sat on the ground, patches of brown earth could be seen here and there but mostly there was nothing but white. 
	The man headed down the gentle slope to his village, using his spear to pick a way through the snow, ensuring he didn't fall. 
	As he neared the village the scent of freshly cooked meat wafted over him. The village was getting dangerously low on food and it would not be long before the first hunt would take place. He sat next to the fire, roughly in the centre of the village and nodded a greeting to those already crowded round the fire for warmth. He pulled his animal skin tighter around him, and pulled it up over his head, covering his dreadlocks. A woman sat next to him and snuggled against him for warmth. She had an animal skin wrapped similarly around her and covering her head. Anyone watching would notice her carefully tuck a few wayward braids under the animal skin.

***

	Trayn stopped suddenly, causing Secily to walk into him. He crouched down quickly and signalled that she should do the same. Secily had no idea why they had stopped walking so abruptly. She had been quite happy wandering seemingly aimlessly through the dense forest that seemed to cover the majority of the planet.
	Almost as suddenly as he'd stopped Secily felt him relax, and she could see his body sagging slightly. His eyes however remained fixated on a single point. As the minutes pass, it became apparent to Secily why Trayn had stopped. No more than four feet from them a group of six men moving silently in single file passed them by. They looked to be heavily armoured which worried Secily as she was yet to see Trayn pull a weapon of any kind. Trayn allowed a full ten minutes to pass by before he stood and carried on walking, with Secily right behind him.
	The two of them walked silently until dark. They came across what looked to be a run down shack. Trayn stood outside the door for a moment, listening intently. Satisfied that the shack was vacant he slowly opened the door, and Secily followed him inside. He gently closed the door behind them, and muttered a few words under his breath. Secily was shocked at what she saw when the lights came on.

***

	Realising they would get nothing more out of Janey for the time being, JD and Trixi docked the Reaper at Sector Four as instructed, and the three of them along with Jemma and Sara walked down the cargo ramp. There was a man stood waiting for them. JD recognized him but couldn’t place him.
	“Hello Father,” said Trixi.
	“Welcome home,” replied her father. “I wondered how long it would take you to get here.” He held out his arms as if to embrace Trixi, who put her arms around him. He held her tightly. This process was repeated with all of his girls.
	“Hello Sir,” JD held out his hand, but the girls’ father embraced JD as if he were his own flesh and blood.
	“Thank you for bringing my girls back to me,” he whispered in JD’s ear.

***

	“Who's left alive Janey?” asked JD. “Which of our friends ain't dead?”
	“I could not save them all,” replied Janey, distractedly. Her eyes glazed over, and she seemed to be staring into nothing.
	“What do you mean you couldn’t save them all?” he asked. “You weren’t there.”
	“I was there,” replied Janey, her eyes still fixed on nothing. 
	“You’re not making sense,” JD snapped. He was getting angry so he turned and left the room. They were at the girls’ Father's house. He'd been kind enough to let JD sleep on the sofa for the duration of their stay, in payment for returning his girls home to him. JD found Trixi in the kitchen, preparing a meal.
	“You know your sister makes no sense at all,” said JD  having calmed a little.
	“She does,” replied Trixi. “You just have to listen to what she says.”
	“Were you listening to that?” he asked.
	“If Janey says she was there, then that’s what she means,” replied Trixi.

***

	But Janey had been there, at least her mind had been. She'd managed to route all the power of the Half-Light Drive on board the Marie Celeste through her mind, and in doing so she'd saved three of her friends. She could not however, be sure of which three she had saved. She did know where they were though. She'd sent them forward in time to the year One Billion, the dawning of the Third Age of Man.

***

	Mankind had gone home. This statement is true in the strictest sense, although it is not completely accurate. In order for this statement to become accurate, it would have to read as follows;
	‘Mankind became extinct, and then Mankind went home’
	It was bound to happen eventually, and it is a little surprising it took as long as it did. So many wars, so much needless pain and death. But in the end it was disease that killed Mankind. The Common Cold. It started as an inconvenience, but because that was all it was no one really ever got around to curing it. The Common Cold mutated over time, until it became Mankind’s biggest fear but by then it was too late.
	The Common Cold destroyed Mankind.
	Earth however had apparently decided it was going to give Mankind one more chance.
	Evolution began.
	Firstly there were giant clumsy beasts that walked the Earth, and then came smaller more agile creatures, and from these creatures Mankind was born once more.
	Third time lucky.
	Because this was the third time in the history of Earth that Mankind had evolved from animals.
	The first time, Mankind had lived a long and healthy four trillion years and yet had never lived in anything bigger or more advanced than a hut made of mud and stone.
	The second time, well Mankind hadn’t reached one billion years.
	This, the third time, Mankind would have to find some middle ground if, as a species, they wanted to carry on forever.
	Third time lucky.


***
	
	“We need help,” said Janey. “I know where I sent them, but we still need to find them.”
	“Who’s gonna’ help us?” asked JD, sarcastically. “We’ve lost I don’t know how many people. It’s starting to get dangerous to hang around with us.”
	“There is one guy who could help us,” said Jemma, entering the room. “Do you remember the stories we were told when we were children.”
	“Vaguely,” said Trixi. “Any in particular?”
	“Yes, the story of the Ranger,” replied Jemma. 
	“That story is about to take place,” said Janey, staring into nothing once more. “The story goes that the Ranger rescued the heroes from a place that could not be reached by any conventional methods.”
	“The Ranger went… goes…” JD struggled to find the right word. “…comes with us?” he asked.
	“Yes,” replied Trixi with a light chuckle. “The Ranger comes with us.”
	“So who is he?” asked JD. “And where do we find him?”
	“He is known as Trayn,” replied Janey. “To find him, we have to go back.”
	Secily took in what lay before her. She'd never seen so much machinery in one place.
	“These computers show me everything I need to see,” explained Trayn. “I got five satellites in orbit around this planet, each one monitoring an area of the sky. If anything comes anywhere near here then I have it on radar.”
	“I see,” said Secily, not really seeing at all.
	“For example,” Trayn went on. “When the ship that you arrived in landed, I knew it was coming here eleven hours before it arrived.” He paused giving Secily time to process the information. “It’s kinda like an early warning system. I also have a computer here that allows me to communicate with anyone who wants me to work for them.”
	“What’s that?” asked Secily, drawing Trayn’s attention to a blip that had just appeared on his screen.
	“That…” began Trayn. “That’s... impossible.” He seemed to Secily to be lost for words, and didn’t speak for a few moments as he tapped away at buttons on the machine. “That ship just appeared in orbit,” he sounded shocked. “This system bypasses every single cloaking device around. That ship shouldn't be there.”

***

	“We’re in orbit Ma’am,” said JD. “You sure this is the right place? I mean this rock don't even got a name.”
	“We are in the right place JD,” said Trixi. “The legend gives these co ordinates as the location we first meet Trayn.”
	“If you’re sure Ma’am,” JD replied with a shrug. “You’re pretty much always right anyway.”
	“Pretty much?” said Trixi, offended. “Open a channel JD, make it planet wide. We don’t have time to search as I’d like.”
	“Yes Ma’am,” said JD as he opened a channel.
	“This is Trixi, Captain of the Reaper,” Trixi spoke into the com. “We come here seeking the Ranger known as Trayn.”

***

	“Shit,” Trayn heard the transmission. “You know anyone called Trixi?” he asked, turning to Secily.
	“No Sir,” replied Secily, as the transmission continued.
	“I know you’re listening to this Trayn, and you’re more than likely concerned that I'm an authority figure here to arrest you for crimes you have committed. I can assure you this is not the case. We're here because we need your help.” Trayn looked puzzled. This wasn’t the way to negotiate. Everyone knows you're supposed to open with the price. He decided to go against his better judgement, and speak to Trixi.
	“Trayn here,” he said. “What exactly do you need my help for?”
	“I will explain everything,” replied Trixi. “We really don’t have much time though. We need to find some friends of ours.”
	“Where are they?” Trayn asked. 
	“All will be revealed,” said Trixi. “We have a lock on your position, and will be with you shortly.” Trixi cut the transmission. “Take us down JD.”
	“Yes Ma’am.”

***

	“You look worried,” said Secily after a few moments.
	“Just ain't used to people coming looking for me,” replied Trayn. “It’s normally the other way around.”
	“I think I hear their ship landing,” said Secily.
	“You do...” said Trayn. “That was too quick. These guys are good. Very good.”
	Trayn and Secily went outside, and sure enough they saw the Reaper just touching down, and in moments two figures walked down the cargo ramp towards them.
	“I assume you’re Trixi,” said Trayn.
	“I am,” Trixi replied. “This is my pilot, JD.”
	“Well you know who I am,” said Trayn with a nod. “This is Secily.”
	“Please come with us,” said Trixi. “We really haven’t much time.” Trixi and JD led the way on board the Reaper, Trayn and Secily following semi-reluctantly.
	“You say you’ve lost some friends of yours?” asked Trayn on the way to the bridge.
	“Technically they’re not lost,” replied Trixi. “We know exactly where they are,” She paused before continuing. “This is going to sound insane, so listen with an open mind.”
	“I’ll do my best,” Trayn smirked.
	“There is a legend,” Trixi began. “It is said that a Ranger rescued a group of heroes in their hour of need.”
	“I take it I’m that Ranger?” asked Trayn.
	“Indeed,” continued Trixi, forgiving the interruption. “You are known as ‘The Ranger’ in my time.”
	“Your time?” asked Trayn, his eyebrow cocked.
	“My sisters and I come from a time four hundred years into the future, and are still unsure why we were sent here,” Trixi explained. “We do know there are currently around one thousand battle cruisers trapped in a time dilation field around Alpha, and we need our friends help to destroy these cruisers.”
	“Where are your friends?” asked Trayn.
	“It would be best for me not to answer that question,” replied Trixi. “It'd only confuse matters more, and we don't have time for confusion. We will take you there.” Trayn nodded in agreement.
	“So,” he said quietly. “I’m a legend, eh?”

***

	The man awoke, stretching his aching limbs and yawning as he did so. He gently lifted the woman’s arm, and manoeuvred himself from her side. He stood up and went out into the cold morning air. There was still snow covering the ground, but he'd expected nothing less. He went around to the back of the crude hut and urinated against the back wall.
	When he'd finished he rearranged himself and walked to the still smouldering embers in the centre of his village. He poked at them with a stick in an attempt to produce a flame. Giving up on this after a few minutes he placed a handful of small twigs on the fire, and soon a tiny flame appeared. He allowed this flame to grow some more before placing bigger pieces of wood on top, and within minutes the fire was roaring once more.
	He rubbed his hands together happily and faced his palms towards the flames.
	As he was warming himself, he heard an unfamiliar noise. He rushed back to his hut and woke the woman, dragging her outside, and the two of them watched as something flashed across the sky and over the top of the distant mountains. They held each other close, petrified. The man then remembered visions he'd had whilst sleeping. He didn't possess the vocabulary to put into words what he'd seen in his sleep, but he wondered if the woman had seen the same things.
	Some hours later the man and woman were still both standing around the fire in an attempt to keep warm. They heard a noise, different to the noise they had heard earlier in the day. This was more like a deep, guttural growl. The man ran up the gentle slope behind his village. He wanted to see if what was making this noise could be killed and eaten. The people of his village were very hungry, and something making so much noise had to be big enough to feed them all for a long time.
	As he stared out over the barren landscape, his eye was caught by the sun glinting off something. The something was moving very fast and whatever it was, it was definitely too fast to catch.

***

	“You’re sure they’re here?” asked JD.
	“We’ve only found two other villages,” said Trayn. “They weren’t at any of them, so they must be here.”
	“They are,” said Janey. “I can feel them.” 
	JD drove the tank to the outskirts of the village, and rolled to a stop. Trixi lifted the hatch and they clambered out.
	“Are we looking good Sara?” Trixi spoke into the com.
	“Nothing on radar,” replied Sara.
	“Good,” said Trixi. “Thanks,” Trixi had thought it best to leave Jemma and Sara along with Secily on board the Reaper, just in case.
	They walked into the village, Janey on point and straight away she saw Dan and Tristian, huddled together around a fire.
	“Is that them?” asked JD.
	“Yes,” replied Trixi. “I have no idea how she does this, she has so much power it scares me.”
	“Is it only Dan and Tristian we’re here for?”
	“No,” replied Trixi. “One other, but I don’t know who.”
	“K,” Janey spoke quietly. “We’re here for K as well.” JD’s heart pounded with relief.
	“Where is she?” he asked.
	“Here somewhere,” replied Janey. “That's why we needed the Ranger,” Janey smiled at Trayn. “The Ranger must find her.”
	“I’m coming with you,” said JD, and Trayn could tell by his tone that he really didn’t have a choice. They searched the huts nearby, but to no avail. There were only a dozen huts in the village, and K could not be found in any of them.
	Walking out of the final hut they were at a loss until a few seconds later they heard a shrill scream. Both breaking into a run instantly, JD and Trayn headed in the direction of the scream. 	Trayn arrived first and it was a good thing too. When JD arrived, he found Trayn kneeling on the ground next to a woman. Both she and the Ranger were soaked through. JD quickly realised that she'd fallen through the thin ice that surrounded the edge of a lake, and Trayn had dived into the icy water to pull her out. As he regained his breath, JD realised that the woman was K, and Trayn was doing his level best to resuscitate her.
	JD didn’t know what to do. He just stood there in shock. After a few minutes K coughed and sprayed Trayn with water. He removed his coat and picking K up, wrapped it around her. JD led the way and they made their way back down to the village.
	“We’ve found her.” JD was crying, having never felt so relieved. “Thank fuck for Trayn is all I can say.”
	“Sit her next to Dan and Tristian,” ordered Janey.
	Trayn did so, resting her head against Dan’s shoulder. They three of them looked scared shitless, unsurprisingly so. 	“We’ll have you back in no time,” Janey whispered, kindly. She sat on the opposite side of the fire to them, and held out her hands, facing her palms towards her three friends.
	Nothing happened, until Janey closed her eyes. 
	All three saw images flashing before their eyes. They saw events taking place in reverse. Their death, their celebrations, they saw the Spider running from the enemy fleet. They saw each other.
	They saw their entire lives played out in reverse, and it only took a matter of seconds.
	Janey opened her eyes and stood up.
	“Dan?” JD said after a few minutes of complete silence. “K? Tristian?”
	A few minutes more went by, before all three opened their eyes at the same time.
	“Well.” Dan spoke first. He looked around and smiled when he saw his friends. “It took you guys long enough.” Then realising there was someone standing there that he didn't recognise. “Who the fuck, are you?”


Chapter Thirteen
Casualties of War


	A few days had passed, and no one had talked about the ordeal that Dan, Tristian and K had been through. Physically they were absolutely fine which seemed to all concerned to be a miracle in itself, although none of them said it, only thought it quietly to themselves when no one else was watching.
	Dan sat alone in his quarters on board the Reaper. With the Marie Celeste destroyed Dan had lost his command, not that he would admit it to anyone else, but privately he was unsure as to whether he'd been ready to command a vessel.
	He stretched his hand out to his left, finding what he was looking for after a little scrabbling he cranked the dial to eleven and pressed play. He lit a cigarette and lay back on his bunk, the sound of ‘Passenger’ by Deftones drowned out all other noise. Dan rocked his body back and forth in time with the music, letting it fill his mind.
	He could remember everything about being on Earth, albeit an Earth he hadn’t recognised. He could remember growing up, although he could not remember having parents. He could remember the daily struggle to survive, and he could remember knowing that something was going to happen, that something was going to change.
	He could remember meeting Tristian, and thinking how beautiful she looked, wrapped in animal skin and even back when they were younger she still had her hair braided. He'd known that something was not right, but was unable to put his finger on exactly what it was. All his energies had been focused on finding their next meal.
	He remembered K being there as well, he'd thought she and Tristian were sisters, however now they were back in their own time he knew this not to be the case.
	Then it'd been over. He'd been sat around the fire with Tristian on one shoulder and K on the other. Their friends had rescued them, with the help of Trayn of course. Dan would have to thank him properly. He'd not been feeling himself for the last few days. The cigarettes and heavy metal were helping though, it felt like a lifetime since he'd had either, well it had been a lifetime. A whole lifetime and he could remember exactly what happened before he died, the feeling of absolute uselessness that he was going to let everyone down; and he had done.
	He'd let everyone die.
	He shook himself and lit another cigarette. Such thoughts were no good to anybody, especially himself. He got up from his bunk and headed for the bridge, hoping to find something else to occupy his mind.
	He arrived on the bridge to find Trixi sat in the pilot’s chair.
	“Not used to seeing you there Ma’am,” he said as Trixi turned to greet him.
	“Thought I’d give you guys a break,” replied Trixi. “We’ve all been through a lot, especially you,” she smiled.
	“You know me Ma’am, hard as a rock,” Dan replied. Trixi could tell he was putting on a brave face. She knew that whilst the three of them had been on Earth, essentially amongst the first of a new species, Dan would have been looking out for Tristian and K without a moment's thought, but who was there to look after him? Everyone needed to be able to rely on somebody else.
	“How could I forget?” Trixi laughed, thinking it best to humour Dan.
	“Where’s everyone else?” Dan asked, changing the subject.
	“K hasn’t been out of the engine room for days,” replied Trixi. “Tristian is down there with her, and I reckon you’ll find Trayn and JD in the cargo bay. They’ve converted it into a gym of sorts.”
	“I see,” replied Dan, lighting another cigarette. “Where are we headed?” he asked, peering over her shoulder to get a look at the navigation screen.
	“Your guess is as good as mine,” replied Trixi. “We have an entire fleet to destroy and only have the manpower to fly one ship.”
	“Where are your sisters?” Dan asked. “I was actually expecting to find them up here with you.”
	“I took them home to be with my Father,” replied Trixi.
	“Ain't that where you want to be?” asked Dan kindly.
	“Yes more than anything,” Trixi said, turning away from Dan. “But right now there are more important things to be getting on with.” 
	“I’m gonna’ head to the cargo bay,” said Dan, choosing not too push the matter. “See what this gym is all about.” He turned and left, a huge pang of guilt hit him as he did so. The only reason Trixi was still here was because of them, her friends.

***

	“No,” Trayn sounded impatient. “Man, your stance is all wrong. I know exactly where you’re gonna’ try and hit me before you do.” Dan found the two men in the cargo bay, sparring. It didn't look to Dan as though JD had been successful in landing a single punch on Trayn, whereas JD's face was a mass of blood. “We can stop whenever you like.”
	“I’m good,” replied JD, spitting out a mouthful of blood, along with a couple of teeth.
	“JD mate you look like you’re having fun,” said Dan, laughing.
	“Fuck you,” JD sprayed Dan’s face with blood as he spoke. He was swaying from side to side, and stumbling as he tried to move.
	“I reckon you should sit this one out mate, let me see what our new friend here has to offer.” Even though the words were directed at JD, it was clear the comment was meant for Trayn.
	The two men squared against each other. To a casual observer they didn’t appear to be taking any sort of stance, they were simply circling.
	Out of the blue Dan rushed at Trayn and went to head butt him. He drew his head back a few inches from Trayn’s face, throwing his opponent off balance and one of Dan’s dreadlocks whipped Trayn’s face, catching him above his left eye.
	With his opponent half blinded, Dan began to pummel him, hitting him with first his left and then his stronger right fist. It wasn’t long before Trayn fell to the ground, Dan’s hands were moving too quickly for him to block any attack let alone mount one of his own. 
	Dan let out a scream, almost primal in origin. JD watched helplessly as his friend stood, his hands dripping with blood. Dan turned to face JD and then wordlessly walked away.
	JD stumbled over to Trayn. He was breathing but not moving. With a lot of effort he managed to get Trayn onto his feet and used his own body as support. He carried the Ranger down to the medical bay, once there he called Trixi on the com.

***

	“What the fuck?” Trixi didn’t know what else to say. “What happened?”
	“Dan happened,” replied JD. “He just lost it.”
	“Is he OK?” asked Trixi, nodding towards Trayn. 
	“Your guess is as good as mine,” replied JD. “I’m as much a medic as you are, I mean I gave him a shot of morphine for the pain,” JD looked at Trayn. “He needs some medical attention.”
	“I know a guy who can help us out with that,” said Trixi. “I’ll give you the co ordinates, and then I’m gonna’ find Dan and see what the fuck is going on with him.”
	“Don’t go too hard on him,” said JD. “He’s been through a lot.”
	“I’ll be tactful,” replied Trixi. “Don’t you worry about that.”

***

	Trixi found Dan in his quarters, laying on his bunk smoking in silence.
	“Alright?” she asked. Dan looked at her. His face covered with Trayn’s blood and he took a drag on his cigarette, not saying a word. “I know you’ve been through a lot, but you did a serious number on Trayn.” No response, he just carried on smoking. “He helped you know, if it wasn’t for him K would be dead, and you and Tristian wouldn’t be here.”
	“It’s my fault.”
	“What’s your fault?” asked Trixi. “That Trayn’s doped up in the medical bay?”
	“He’s a big boy I’m sure he’s taken worse beatings than that,” replied Dan, not looking up. “It’s my fault that everyone’s dead.”
	“Who?” asked Trixi.
	“Everyone,” replied Dan. “If I’d had my head in the game on board the Marie Celeste then we'd still have our army, our friends would still be alive. I was too busy praising myself that our plan came off I hadn’t left my mind open to the concept that the enemy might actually have been smarter than we were.”
	“You know I’d have done the same in your situation.” replied Trixi, calmly.
	“Would you fuck!” Dan shouted, close to tears. “You would have got everyone straight onto the next thing on the agenda. You’d have started trying to work out a way of moving the time dilation field without opening Alpha up for an attack.”
	“Yes,” Trixi conceded. “I would.”
	“See, I fucking told you.” Tears were rolling down his face, mixing with the blood that was already there. “You’d have worked out straight away that the only way to prevent Alpha getting destroyed was to hook up the Half-Light Drive to get a single person right next to the controls for the planetary shield, and move the shield right down to the surface of the planet so that it’s still protected. The shield is currently the only thing keeping the time dilation field alive so dropping a few nukes into the enemy fleet at the exact moment the shield moves will destroy them all, but won’t scratch the surface of Alpha.” Tears streamed uncontrollably down Dan’s face. He lit another cigarette and breathed deeply, and it wasn’t until almost a full minute later that he realised Trixi was yet to speak. He looked up and saw what could only be described as a look of wonder spread across Trixi’s face.
	“You are a fucking genius,” she said.
	“What did I do?” asked Dan.
	“Saved the lives of everyone on Alpha,” replied Trixi. “That’s what you did.”
	“I did?” asked Dan, before remembering himself. “Yeah I did.” A smile spread across his face. “Let’s get to it.”
	“First things first,” said Trixi. “We have to get Trayn to a medic. He’s in a bad way. JD’s taking us there now.”
	“I have field medical training,” said Dan. “I can patch him up good as new.”
	“You sure you’re not going to knock seven bells of shit out of him again?” Trixi asked with a smirk.
	“Very funny,” said Dan. “You know we’re going to need every nuke on those ships in orbit around Alpha primed, timed and ready to go?”
	“I’ll get JD to change course,” Trixi said as she got up to leave. She turned just before she reached the door. “Good to have you back.” She turned, and then as an afterthought. “Have a fucking shower.”
	“Yes Ma’am.”

***

	Dan took a box of surgical wipes from the supply cupboard and used one to gently wipe the blood from Trayn’s face. It didn’t look too bad, mostly bruising apart from his left eye which had a deep gash stretching from above the eyebrow to an inch or so below the eye. The monitors told Dan that Trayn’s heart rate was normal, and that nothing was particularly wrong. He took a needle and gave Trayn a shot of adrenaline in an attempt to bring him around. They were going to need all the help they could get and having a man down simply would not do.
	Trayn sat up almost instantly, and looked at Dan.
	“Alright mate,” said Dan, sheepishly. “Sorry about before, lost it a bit I think.”
	“I should say,” replied Trayn.
	“You’re gonna’ be alright,” Dan explained. “Well you’re already alright, just gave you a shot of adrenaline to get you moving again.”
	“Try anything like that again,” Trayn warned. “It’ll be you on this table, not me.”
	“Yeah,” replied Dan with a grin. “Well whatever, thanks for saving our arses by the way.”
	“No worries,” replied Trayn. “What’s going on?”
	“We’ve worked out a way to save Alpha,” said Dan.
	“The time dilation planet?” asked Trayn.
	“Yeah that’s right,”
	“How?” Trayn asked. “The way Trixi told it any solution was years down the line.”
	“You know what they say about genius’ right?”
	“What’s that then?” asked Trayn.
	“They always go the long way round,” replied Dan. “Never see the answer that’s right in front of them.” Dan laughed, and held out his hand to aid Trayn in getting to his feet. He accepted, and followed Dan to the bridge.

***

	“We’re gonna’ need your sisters Ma’am,” said Dan. “I have a feeling that we’re gonna’ need all your combined mojo to pull this off.”
	“I think you’re right,” replied Trixi. “Is K down in the engine room?”
	“Aye, she is at that,” he replied.
	“K,” Trixi spoke into the com. “We’re going to go pick up my sisters.”
	“Half-Light Drive is ready when you are Ma’am,” replied K.
	The Reaper disappeared instantly, and travelling through Space and Time, reappeared in orbit above Seint.
	“Ident three-zero-five-seven, you are clear to dock at Sector Four.” The operator on the other end of the com paused. “Haven’t you just left?”
	“It’s a long story,” replied Trixi. “Docking at sector four.” 

***

	“Hello Father,” said Trixi, smiling as he opened the door. “Are my sisters here?”
	“Of course,” he replied. “Come in and make yourselves comfortable. Trixi introduced her father to Dan and Tristian. JD had remained on the ship whilst Trayn helped K with some routine maintenance. Secily was busying herself cataloguing Trayn’s huge array of weaponry.
	They sat down in the kitchen. Trixi’s father offered Dan a cigarette and an ashtray which gratefully accepted.
	“Coffee?” 
	“Milk and sugar thrice,” replied Dan. “Thanks.”
	“Same for me please,” replied Tristian. 
	“I’ll just get the girls.”
	Soon Janey, Jemma and Sara were sat around the large kitchen table. Trixi proceeded to tell them Dan's idea.
	“They're some very precise calculations,” replied Janey once Trixi had finished. “How does this time dilation field work exactly?”
	“We’re unsure,” replied Dan. “Mazie was the only guy who really knew what he was talking about.”
	“The best we can work out, is that time inside the field is moving much more slowly than time outside the field,” Trixi explained. “For example an hour outside the field we think is not even a second inside the field.”
	“So we’re on a strict time scale here,” said Janey.
	“Yeah but we don’t know how long we’ve got,” replied Dan. “We couldn’t even guess, I mean the amount of stasis bombs we hit the shield with should definitely give us some time, I mean I don’t know about any of you, but I’d kinda like to have plenty of time to push those buttons before we have to drop the nukes.”
	“You’re pushing the buttons?” asked Trixi, taken aback. “That wasn’t mentioned before.”
	“Wasn’t it?” asked Dan.
	“No,” Trixi replied. “It doesn’t matter who pushes the buttons, from what I know about Alpha’s shield it’s self-explanatory anyway.”
	“Are we sorted here then?” asked Dan.
	“I think so,” replied Trixi, pouring herself a second mug of coffee. “I hope this works.”


***

	JD stared down at Alpha. They'd orbited the planet three or four times so they could see exactly what they were up against. He and Trayn had been charged with the task of priming the nukes on all the empty vessels that sat in orbit around Alpha. There was one nuke per ship which meant thirty-nine thermonuclear warheads, a hefty arsenal in anyone’s book.
	“We think that if we can get you in the exact position we need you, that being with your hand literally a fraction of an inch above the switch, then it will take six hours in real time for you to flick it,” explained Janey.
	“You think?” replied Dan, sarcastically.
	“This is by no means an exact science,” snapped Janey. “We have no expert on the matter, and nothing like this has ever been attempted before.”
	“So six hours in real time will feel like a second to me?” asked Dan, wanting to have things clear in his own mind.
	“Less,” replied Trixi. “We’ll get you down there and you will flick the switch. That will cause the time dilation field to collapse, giving you less than fifteen seconds to reprogram Alpha’s planetary shield.”
	“Less than fifteen seconds?” Dan said. “Shit you like to cut things fine, what happens after fifteen seconds?”
	“The nuclear warheads will be fired via remote,” replied Janey, not quite so harshly this time. “So you’d better be sure that you get that shield up right away.”
	“Too fucking right.” Dan didn’t really know what to say. He was sure he could do it, but not certain. He was sure in the same way that an alcoholic was sure he would be sober in the morning. “Man I need a smoke.”
	“It’s going to take us four hours to prime all the warheads,” said Trixi, throwing Dan a cigarette. “So when you’re ready, we’ll get you down there.” Trixi could see Dan struggling to light his cigarette, his hands were shaking and he looked to be sweating. “It’s going to work,” she said kindly. “Besides, it is our only option.”
	“I know,” replied Dan, his voice trembling. “I know it is, I mean I came up with the idea, but… fuck.”

***

	“You won’t even know I’m gone,” said Dan as he held Tristian tightly.
	“I know you’re not going to be long, but depending on how things turn out this may well be the last time I see you,” replied Tristian, holding on to Dan equally as tightly.
	“Now come on,” said Dan, softly. “You know that ain’t gonna’ happen. There’s no way that I’m not going to be seeing you again.”
	“Just make sure you get that shield back up.”
	“I’ll keep my end,” replied Dan. “You keep an eye on things up here for me and make sure everything happens right when it should.” They shared a passionate kiss, whilst still holding tightly on to each other. They turned when they heard a quiet coughing to see K standing by the door.
	“Ready when you are, Dan,” she said, almost as quietly as she had coughed. Dan kissed Tristian on her cheek and followed K to the engine room.
	“We figured we’d send you from here, the energy from the Half-Light will have less distance to travel that way,” she explained.
	“You’re the boss,” replied Dan. “When it comes to all things mechanical anyway.”
	“We are a go down here Ma’am,” said K into the com.
	“In your own time K,” replied Trixi from the bridge. “As soon as K sends you Dan, you’ll be out of contact so good luck.”
	“I’ll see you guys in a bit,” said Dan, smiling. K flicked a switch, and Dan was gone.
	“Time to cross your fingers,” said K down the com once more.
	“Fingers?” replied Trixi. “How about everything else as well?”

***
	“What the fuck?”
	“Sorry friend,” said Dan, landing almost on the lap of an officer sat next to the planetary shield console. Dan released the shield, as Janey had promised his hand was literally a fraction of an inch above the switch when he materialized.
	“Fifteen seconds, set the shield just above the level of the highest point on the planet.” The officer looked at Dan dumbfounded. “Now!” Dan yelled. “This order has come from Vice-President Redmond.” He felt quite badly about that. Had the VP known of their plan he would have shot it down straight away as it was way beyond risky, but Dan didn't have time. It was the quickest and easiest way to get done what needed doing. The officer’s hand moved quickly over the console and with a second to spare the shield was back up, just above the level of Alpha’s highest point.

***

	“Have we got those nukes primed yet JD?” Trixi asked down the com.
	“One left Ma’am,” he replied, breathing heavily in his spacesuit. He and Trayn we’re having to travel manually to each ship, and it was more than a little time consuming.
	“Well I don’t want to rush you,” replied Trixi. “But we’re a little short on time.”
	“How long do we have?” asked Trayn.
	“Six minutes.”
	“Fuck!” JD shouted down the com. “A little more notice would have been nice,”
	“Well I know how you like to work under pressure JD.” He could see Trixi smirking at him in his mind as she spoke but said nothing, and cut the transmission.
	“You ready for this?” asked Trayn, as he and JD entered the last launch chamber.
	“Definitely,” replied JD. “Do you want the honours?”
	“Cheers,” said Trayn sarcastically as he gently lifted the control panel from the side of the warhead. He felt sweat dripping down his face, and his hands were beginning to feel clammy. He had removed his gloves and dropped them on the floor so that he could work more effectively. He knew they didn't have much time, but this was the kind of task that required care and attention. He finished with thirty seconds or so to spare, and replaced the console just as gently as he had removed it.
	“Ready to go Ma’am,” JD said into the com.
	“Good,” replied Trixi. “Where are you?”
	“The Spider Ma’am,” replied JD.
	“Stay there,” ordered Trixi. “As soon as the nuke has been released, jump outta' here.”
	“Yes Ma’am.” 
	Trixi cut the transmission. She hoped Dan had managed to flick that switch because without the shield, they and everyone on Alpha were fucked. Once this was over they were going to be left with only two ships, assuming it worked of course.
	It would work. It had to.
	“Ten seconds until deployment Ma’am,” Tristian said from behind her.
	“Thank you,” replied Trixi. “K, are you ready with the Half-Light.” 
	“Yes Ma’am,” replied K.
	“Five seconds.”

***

	The warheads fired, and all thirty-nine of them began their descent towards the planet. The Reaper and the Spider disappeared as their Half-Light Drives were engaged. Alpha’s planetary shield vanished which in turn deactivated the time dilation field. Down on the surface of Alpha, Dan saw thirty-nine thermonuclear warheads appear on the radar as the shield went back up protecting the planet once more.
	The warheads struck the shield and activated, exploding all at once and engulfing the space around Alpha in a short-lived nuclear flame. Once the flames had cleared, no evidence of the attacking vessels could be seen.
	The Reaper and the Spider appeared in orbit once more.
	“I think it worked,” said Dan unable to hide his smugness. “I think we just kicked the shit outta’ them.”
	“You’re right,” replied Trixi. “No sign of them up here at all.”
	“How long before we can lower the shield?” Dan asked.
	“It should be OK right now, but Janey says to give it an hour or so, just in case.”

***

	Commander Dave Rogers began his slow walk down what was, in his mind, far too long a corridor. There was no need for the corridor to be this long. The only door that led off it was the one right at the end. That is where he was headed. He hated this walk, almost as much as he hated what he knew full well was on the other side of that door. He eventually reached his destination, and knocked three times. The door swung open and he entered the room, closing it behind him.
	“Our plan did not work.” The speaker looked human, and spoke a deep guttural tone.
	“So I see,” replied Rogers. “I did advise that they are much more resourceful than you give them credit for.”
	“Yes you did,” replied the speaker, a female. She nodded to one of the many heavies stood around the room and the next thing he knew Rogers was knocked to the floor, blood spilling from his left temple.
	“Fuck!” he shouted. “What the fuck was that for?”
	“Do not take that tone with me again.” Her face did not change. “We allowed you to live on the understanding that you served our cause.”
	“Yes,” replied Rogers.
	“Yes, what?”
	“Yes, merciful Mistress.”
	“That’s better.” She looked at Rogers in disgust. “Some of your friends are still alive.”
	“I know.”
	“You will go back to them.”
	“Where will I tell them I have been?” Rogers asked. “As far as they’re concerned I’m dead.”
	“I’m sure you will think of something.”
	“Well it’s not like I have a choice,” he replied. “What would you have me do?”
	“Bring them to me,” she said, boredom evident in her voice. “Leave now, before I change my mind about keeping you alive.”
	“Yes Mistress.” Rogers turned and almost ran from the chamber and back out into the corridor. Once there he took a breather, leaning against the door once it had swung shut. He wasn’t sure how he'd got himself into this mess, and was beginning to wish that he had not been as weak back on Earth. He was beginning to wish that he had let her kill him, instead of making him her toy. His breath regained, he started to walk down the overly long corridor, the only difference this time was that he was not taking his time. He wanted to get out of here as quickly as he could.
	Rogers was not looking forward to betraying his friends. He'd already done it once and his conscience was not happy about that. Now he had to do it again.
	He was going to Hell, of that Rogers was sure.

***

	“Do you think he will succeed?” Mistress turned to face the speaker, who until now had been sat quietly in the dark at the back of the room, monitoring proceedings with much interest.
	“I do not know, Lord Rasputin,” Mistress replied. “He will regret it for the rest of his miserable life if he fails us again.”
	“Indeed,” replied Lord Rasputin, in a hoarse whisper. “Indeed, he will.”

***

	“We owe you all our lives.” Redmond spoke with admiration clear in his voice despite its wavering, evidence he was almost in tears. “And to those of us who lost their lives in the battle, I raise a glass in their memory.” Everyone around the room also raised their glasses in a silent toast to their fallen kin. 
	“You know this shit ain’t over, right?” Dan spoke first as usual. “I think we can say for certain that our enemy wasn’t stupid enough to commit their entire fleet to the attack here.”
	“I fear you may be right,” said Redmond. “But for now I feel we can rest easy for a few days.”
	“Fuck that!” replied Dan. “No disrespect intended Mister Redmond, but the Spider and the Reaper are both battle ready. I propose we launch an attack on those bastards.”
	“I agree.” Everyone in the room turned when President Witter spoke. “I shall not sit here and risk us losing more of our people. We must launch an attack, and we must do so now.”
	“We only have two ships Mister President,” Redmond protested. “And we are yet to discover where our enemy is based.”
	“I can help you out with that.” Once more everyone turned, this time to the entrance of the room.
	“Well fuck me,” said Dan. “Rogers?”
	“Hello mate.”
	“We thought you’d died in the attack,” said Trixi. “How are you here?”
	“It’s a long story,” replied Rogers. “If it’s alright with all of you, I’d quite like a drink.”

***

	The crowd of people had cleared, the only people left in the hall now were Trixi, Dan and Rogers.
	“So come on mate,” Dan said. “Tell us what the fuck happened to you, and how the fuck you managed to stay alive.”
	“Where to begin really,” said Rogers, getting himself comfortable. “We were all on board the Marie Celeste as you know and I’d had a few beers. I thought it’d be a good idea to take one of the ships on a joyride, but I was far too drunk to successfully pilot a vessel. In the cargo bay of the Marie Celeste, I found a motorbike of sorts, something I assumed K had been working on, so I put on a suit and took it out. Next thing I know there’s a ten or twelve ships taking up an attack formation, and they picked me up before I had a chance to radio through.”
	“They took you back to their home world?” asked Trixi, intrigued.
	“They did, and tortured me for days,” replied Rogers.
	“How come they haven’t fed on you?” asked Dan.
	“I don’t know,” the man replied, shrugging his shoulders. “Perhaps they thought I was more use to them alive.”
	“How did you escape?” asked Trixi.
	“I don’t think I escaped,” replied Rogers, and saw Dan and Trixi’s confused expressions before he continued. “I think I was let go.”
	“They let you out?” 
	“Not as such,” Rogers replied. “But on my way out I wasn’t stopped once, I don’t think I even saw anyone.”
	“Well the important thing is that you’re here,” replied Trixi. “We’re gonna’ need all the help we can get.”
	“Yeah so I gather,” said Rogers. “How many ships do we have left?”
	“Two,” replied Trixi. “The Reaper and the Spider.”
	“Shit,” Rogers seemed shocked. “They really did a number on us.”
	“Tell me about it,” replied Dan. “We’re gonna’ have to launch a small scale attack on their home world, take them by surprise.”
	“Do you know where they are based?” asked Trixi.
	“Yes,” replied Rogers. “A small planet right on the edge of this system,” he paused. “There are a lot of them though.”
	“Well that’s fine,” replied Dan. “I don’t think we were intending to land anyway. I reckon hit them with a barrage of nukes from a high orbit.”
	“I agree,” replied Trixi. “We have to do something soon though, we’re still getting reports in of planets that have been completely obliterated.” 

***

	Lord Rasputin sat in his chambers, lounging on the huge leather sofa. Finally his reason for being was becoming apparent to him. All those years he had spent in the nineteenth and twentieth centuries, trying to do the right thing, giving people chance after a chance.
	Those same people he had tried to help had poisoned him, they had shot him and they had drowned him in a canal. In the end he had thought it best that they believed he was dead, that they had succeeded, and he had waited until now to come out of hiding.
	As far as he was concerned he had been given eternal life for one reason and one reason only. To annihilate humanity, and he was going to enjoy it.

***

	“You want to do what?” asked Redmond, shocked at Witter’s suggestion.
	“We have the co-ordinates of their planet,” replied Witter. “I agree that we should indeed lay waste to the planet from a high orbit. We only have two battle vessels, I see no other option.”
	“We could rebuild the fleet Sir,” replied Redmond, shocked at the President's apparent lack of fear. 
	“But that would give our enemy time to regroup,” Witter continued, unperturbed by Redmond’s protests. “We can ill afford to risk another attack here on Alpha, and we would not survive it I am sure. So many lives were lost the last time it is nothing short of a miracle that we still stand.”
	“I agree with that much at least,” replied Redmond. “As you wish Mister President. “I shall give the order.”
	“Thank you Redmond,” said Witter, happily. “Our counter offensive will take place one week from today.”
	“Yes Sir,” replied Redmond, leaving the room in a huff.

***

	“So we have a week?” asked Trixi. “That works, I think there’s a few things we need to sort out first.”
	“Such as?” asked Redmond.
	“I think we should re-establish a presence on Prima,” replied Trixi. “Even if it is purely a military base, I think we need something to fall back on.”
	“So long as you hit the President’s deadline I see no problem with that.”
	“In that case we will take the Reaper and the Spider and take Prima back,” replied Trixi. “Have a construction team leave now, because by the time they get there we will be ready for them.”
	“Are you sure?” asked Redmond, realising his mistake as soon as the words had left his mouth.
	Trixi issued a monosyllabic reply. “Yes.”

***

	A half hour later, Trixi had her crew assembled on board the Reaper.
	“We’re ready to leave when you are Ma’am,” said JD. “Do you know what we’re expecting to find on Prima?”
	“I have no idea,” replied Trixi, turning to her sisters. “I need you three to man the rail guns for me.”
	“Yes Ma’am,” replied Janey.
	“Are you ready, Dan?” Trixi asked into the com.
	“Yes Ma’am,” Dan replied. “I have Trayn and Rogers manning the guns, and we have a few missiles on board that might come in handy.”
	“Good,” replied Trixi. “The construction team has already left so that gives us the better part of two days to get ourselves sorted.”
	JD pulled the Reaper out of her orbit. The Spider followed suit and within moments both vessels vanished seemingly from existence, only to re-appear in a high orbit around Prima.
	“Any life signs, JD?” Trixi asked of her pilot.
	“No Ma’am,” JD. replied, puzzled. “I was kinda’ expecting the planet to be overrun, but there’s nothing, not even an energy reading.”
	“Are you getting the same results we are Captain?” Trixi spoke into the com.
	“Yes Ma’am,” replied Dan. “It don’t make a lick of sense.”
	“It certainly makes our task here easier,” said Trixi.
	“Easier maybe,” replied Dan. “But where’s the fun in easy?”
	“Well I’m not complaining,” said Trixi. “We’ll take a couple of passes over the surface, and if results are the same we can dock at Two Rivers.”
	“Yes Ma’am,” replied Dan, cutting the transmission. He took a cigarette from the packet in front of him, and offered the packet around.
	“Too easy?” Trayn asked with a smile.
	“Definitely,” replied Dan.
	“We don’t know they were planning to leave any population here though,” said Tristian. “I don’t think I would have done in their shoes. This way they think they’re untouchable, they don’t know we know their location.”
	“That is a point,” conceded Dan. “Still feels dodgy though.”
	“Yup,” said Trayn, lighting his cigarette.

***

	The Reaper and the Spider completed their passes over the surface of Prima, and still no life signs were detected. The ships docked side by side at Two Rivers and their respective crews alighted their vessels. As Trayn was walking down the cargo ramp, he noticed something flash past the edge of his vision. 	From nowhere he pulled out a shotgun, and slid silently into the shadows of the cargo bay, no one else seemed to have noticed anything. He moved stealthily through the piles of junk that littered the floor, and then saw his prey outlined against the back wall. He could hear the quick shallow breaths of someone who knew they had been caught, but hoped against hope that they were wrong. Trayn levelled his shotgun at his target.
	“You got one chance,” he said quietly. “That chance is right fucking now.” The silhouette moved away from the wall quickly, and Trayn slid his shotgun back into whatever orifice it came out of. “Secily?!” he shouted. “What are you doing here?”
	“I wanted to come,” Secily replied, her voice so sweet and innocent. “I knew that if I asked you would have said no, so I hid.” Trayn grabbed her firmly but gently by the shoulder and marched her down the cargo bay ramp.
	“Look at what I found,” he said, sarcastically. “We have ourselves a little stowaway.”
	“What is she doing here?” asked Trixi. “I thought she'd stayed on Alpha.”
	“So did I,” replied Trayn. “She was afraid we’d say no if she asked to join us, so she came anyway.”
	“Well it’s too late now,” replied Dan. “You think they left the bar intact?”
	“You want a drink?” asked Trixi, shocked.
	“Well, yeah,” replied Dan. “It’s not like we have any killing to do here, and we can’t help rebuild yet, not until the construction units arrive.”
	Trixi thought about it for a few seconds. It made sense. “Yeah,” she said eventually. “Make mine a double.”

***

	The next couple of days passed without incident. The construction crews arrived on schedule and soon Two Rivers was being converted into a military base. With the crews came the best and brightest of Alpha’s army and their equipment. They had soon set up a perimeter around Two Rivers.
	“So are we expected to sit around doing nothing for five days?” asked Dan. “I feel kinda’ redundant here.”
	“I know what you mean man,” replied JD. “But I guess the answer to that is yes, we are expected to do just that.”
	“Well fuck that,” Dan said. “We could launch our attack early.”
	“No we can’t,” said Trixi. “I have an idea though, been talking it over with Janey and she thinks it might work.”
	“We’re working with ‘might’ now are we?” asked Dan, lowering his hands from the sarcastic quotation mark position.
	“If this works,” said Trixi, sticking her tongue out at Dan. “Then we won’t actually need to fire a weapon.”
	“Ah, you're a fucking party pooper,” said Dan with a laugh.
	“You remember that storm we got caught in a while back?” asked Trixi.
	“I’m not sure I like where this is goin’,” said Dan. “But aye, carry on.”
	“We can harness it, trap it in an energy field and then set it free in the atmosphere,” Trixi explained.
	“You know what releasing a solar storm into an atmosphere will do to it?” asked Trayn.
	“I’m counting on exactly that,” replied Trixi, a faint smile appearing on her face.
	“When do we leave?” asked Dan.
	“We don’t,” Trixi replied. “Janey and I are going in the Reaper along with Jemma and Sara. The rest of you will launch the attack as planned, because if we fail then you’re pretty much the only hope we have.”
	“Nothing like a bit of pressure to get the old juices flowing,” Trayn laughed.
	“How successful do you think one ship would be against an entire fleet?” asked Dan, his voice hinting he was keeping something back.
	“Not very,” replied Trixi.
	“I’ve had an idea,” Dan carried on. “One ship can essentially be in more than one place at once.”
	“I’m lost,” said Trayn.
	“I’m not,” replied Trixi, patting Trayn on his shoulder. “I think that’s actually a fucking good idea.”
	“No time like the present,” Dan winked at Trixi, and signalled for the rest of his crew to follow him. They boarded the Spider, and flew up out of the atmosphere. The Half-Light Drive engaged, and the Spider disappeared form orbit.

***

	“Are you girls ready for this?” Trixi asked her sisters.
	“It’s going to be a challenge,” replied Sara. “I mean we’ve never tried to do anything like this before.”
	“It’s just like the time you and Jemma protected the remaining population of Prima during the initial attack,” explained Janey. “Only this time the field will have to be much bigger, much more powerful and we’re going to have to move it.”
	“You make it sound so easy,” replied Jemma.
	“It is,” replied Trixi. “As far as we know there are no limits to the powers we posses, and the way I see it we have to act as such.”
	“How can you be so confident?” asked Jemma, looking scared.
	“I have no reason to be anything other,” replied Trixi, calmly. “We have never failed anything before, so why start now?”

***

	The Reaper set off, leaving Two Rivers and Prima behind her and as soon as she was out of the planet's atmosphere, she disappeared temporarily from existence.
	“The storm should be around here somewhere,” said Janey. “It’s hard to get an exact fix on something that's constantly moving.”
	Trixi surveyed the empty space that lay before them. Their current location was somewhere between two galaxies, the Milky Way and the girls' home galaxy, Canis Major. They were roughly at the same point where the storm had caught them before, figuring that this was as good a starting point as any.
	“We need to find it as soon as we can,” said Trixi. “Are you picking up any energy readings?”
	“Only background radiation,” replied Janey. “That’s pretty much normal, the odd fluctuation here and there but nothing major.”
	“OK,” Trixi seemed to come to a decision. “Well if we head in the direction the storm was going, we might manage to catch it.”
	“We’ll have to move quickly if you want to do that,” said Sara.
	“I wasn’t intending to take it easy,” replied Trixi sarcastically, as she took the controls and headed in what she thought was the right direction. 
	It was hours before they came across any sign of the storm.
	“Background radiation levels have just risen dramatically,” Janey shouted. “I think we may well be catching up.”
	“Good,” replied Trixi. “Keep an eye on those levels; I don’t want to be caught out.”
	“That makes two of us,” said Janey.

***

	After another hour or so, they came across the solar storm, flitting its way through nothingness. Trixi made sure that the Reaper would in no way get caught in its aftermath, and set the controls to auto-pilot. 
	“We need to do this now,” she said. “I have no idea how long it will take us to trap this thing.” She beckoned her sisters to gather around her, and all four of them sat cross-legged on the floor. The stared at each other, emptying their minds of whatever else they had in there, and focused wholly on the storm that raged outside.

***

	“Fuck me,” Dan exclaimed. “They’re kicking the shit out of us.” He looked around. “Are you guys watching this?” Dan saw the Spider, a lonely vessel compared to at least one hundred enemy vessels.
	“Yeah,” replied Trayn. “What’s your plan?”
	“We’re gonna’ help ourselves out,” said Dan. “We’re gonna’ use the Half-Light to make a series of jumps, perfectly timed so that at the end of each jump we’re lined up to make a direct hit on an enemy vessel; ideally the fuel tank.”
	“Ain't gonna' to be easy,” said JD. “I like it though.”
	“I thought you might,” replied Dan. “That’s why you’re gonna’ be doin’ the flying.”
	“Shit hot!” he exclaimed. “Sorry… I got a little excited there.”
	“No worries mate,” replied Dan. “This one could go either way so I figure we should have our best pilot at the helm while me and Trayn here man the guns.”
	“What about us?” K and Tristian asked in unison.
	“Well I need K down in the engine room making sure the Half-Light Drive does what it’s supposed to do, and Tristian I need you to feed the co-ordinates through to K from here,” Dan paused. “Questions…? Comments…?”
	“I reckon we’re good to go Sir,” said JD once it was clear  there were no questions or comments coming form anyone.
	“Party,” said Dan. “Let’s get to it.”

***

	“Nothing’s happening,” Jemma moaned. The girls had been sat motionless on the floor for the better part of three days.
	“Do you think we can use the power of the storm to sort of, boost our own power?” asked Sara.
	“No,” replied Janey. “That won’t work.”
	“Try focusing on the storm itself, rather than trying to trap it,” suggested Trixi. “Once the link has been made I think it will do the work for us.” She was breathless. They all were. The girls were exerting an enormous amount of energy. “OK, now focus.”
	They began to focus their energies on the storm once more, and soon they began to feel that progress was being made. In the eye of her mind, Trixi could see the storm quite clearly. She could also see a faint line around it, becoming less faint very quickly. It was in fact an energy shield, the girls were succeeding and it was not long before the storm was completely trapped inside this shield.
	The girls came around, shaking their heads simultaneously to clear the cobwebs. They were exhausted and needed to rest, but the time for rest would come later.
	“I’ll ready the Half-Light,” said Janey, breathless.
	“Yes do that,” replied Trixi, equally as breathless. “We should be ready to jump in a few minutes.” Trixi sat in the pilot’s chair, disengaged the auto-pilot and directed the Reaper at the storm. “We need to jump as soon as we reach it,” Trixi shouted, turning to Jemma and Sara. “I’m sorry to ask you two to do this, but I need you both to focus your energies once more. We need to make sure that the storm comes with us when we jump.”
	Jemma and Sara did just that. They had not moved from where they had been seated on the floor. They joined hands and focused.
	The Reaper drew ever closer to the trapped solar storm, and just as it got within touching distance both disappeared in a flash of blinding light.

***

	“Have you had any thoughts about some sort of contingency plan, Redmond?” asked President Witter.
	“In all fairness Mister President,” the Vice President replied, choosing his words carefully. “This is our contingency plan.” He looked directly into the President’s eyes. “If they fail, then it is only a matter of time before we perish.”
	“Then I think that we should ready a ship for ourselves, and other people that we cannot do without,” said the President. “We will take terra forming equipment with us, and in the event of their failure we must make our escape before it is too late.”
	“You’re talking about leaving behind thousands of innocent people,” Redmond replied, shocked. “We cannot do that Mister President; these people put their faith in us and more specifically, you!”
	“In every war Redmond, there are casualties,” replied Witter, coldly.
	“Excuse me,” Redmond was not sure that he had heard the President correctly.
	“Civilians are…” Witter searched for the correct word. “Expendable.”
	“I don’t believe what I’m hearing.”
	“Are you telling me that in my shoes, you would not take the same course of action?” asked Witter.
	“That, Mister President, Sir, is exactly what I am telling you.” Redmond put as much venom into his words as he could.
	“Well,” Witter paused, and opened the drawer on the left hand side of his desk. “If that is how you truly feel Redmond.” He found what he was looking for, and grasped it between his fingers. “Are you sure?”
	“Yes Sir,” replied Redmond, defiantly. “Our duty is to protect innocent people. If anyone is to leave to carve out a new life elsewhere in this universe then it should be those people, those innocent people.”
	Redmond dropped to the floor, a small yet precisely thrown blade protruding from his windpipe.
	“I’m sorry old friend.” Witter crouched over Redmond’s body, closing his bulging eyes. “You lost sight of what is important.”

***

	“We’re ready Captain.” JD took a deep breath. “All we need is for you to give the word, and we can get stuck in.”
	“Take it easy there Pilot,” Dan replied, laughing. “We have to time this just right. A single paradox is one thing, but we’ve set up I don’t know how many. If we make one false move… well do you know what happens if we fuck it up?”
	“Nope,” replied JD. “Not a clue.”
	“Me either,” said Dan. “And I don’t intend to find out today.”
	“Where do you want me, Captain?” K asked.
	“Well we won’t be using the Half-Light, so how do you fancy taking a gunners position?” suggested Dan.
	“Yes Sir.”
	“Tristian,” Dan smiled at her as he spoke her name, and gave here a wink. “Think you can manage to man the missile launch?”
	“I don’t see why not,” replied Tristian, returning Dan’s smile, as K slotted into the seat next to Trayn.
	“A little music to get us in the mood, Sir?” JD asked.
	“I have just the thing,” replied Dan, pushing a few buttons on the console in front of him. “Battle Metal!”

***

	The Spider made her approach to the field of battle. Enemy vessels were lined up in a defensive formation, and remained motionless as the Spider approached. 
	“Any radio chatter?” asked Dan.
	“No Captain,” replied JD. “They’re silent.”
	“Then I guess they’re waiting for an invitation,” Dan turned to Tristian. “Fire at will gorgeous,” he said, winking once more.
	Three enemy vessels exploded as the missiles impacted. The Spider was an immensely quick ship and with her shields to maximum she easily broke through the defensive line, sending enemy ships into a frenzy. They broke formation and spread out, not wanting to catch one of their own in friendly fire. JD manoeuvred the Spider into a loop, and swung back around over the top of the fleet as Tristian fired four more missiles, each finding their target.
	“We should be appearing dead ahead Sir,” JD shouted. “Any second now!” He was correct for just as the words had left his mouth an enemy vessel rose in front of them and began to fire upon them before being destroyed by a blast of rail gun fire from the opposite side of the ship. The Spider shot through the wreckage into the empty space on the other side. 
	“Now behind us,” Tristian shouted. “We’re taking heavy fire, shields down to forty-four percent.”
	“We’re OK,” Dan yelled. “We got no choice but to come out of this.”
	“We have twenty or thirty Spider’s flickering on and off radar Sir,” said JD.
	“Then we did a damn good job,” replied Dan, turning to Trayn and K. “How’s you two doing over there?” he asked, almost falling from his chair as the Spider took a couple of missiles to the rear end before the attacking ship was taken out.
	“There’s not much point us sat here,” Trayn yelled over the noise. “We used all available attacking positions with the paradox Spiders.”
	“Stay there, just in case,” replied Dan.
	“Yes Sir,” K shouted back.
	“Shields to twenty-seven percent,” Tristian shouted the worry evident in her voice. “We’re being fucked!”
	“She’ll hold together,” Dan replied. “Keep taking them out with those missiles, you’re doing good.” He was trying to sound as reassuring as he could, but wasn’t sure he was being at all convincing.

***

	The Spider and her many doppelgängers lay waste to the enemy fleet in a little under two hours, until eventually the last of the paradoxes disappeared into nothing.
	“Well now,” said Dan, catching his breath. “That was fun; who wants to go around again?”
	“That was intense,” JD shouted, excitedly. “What now?”
	“Now we wait,” replied Dan. “We've kept our end.”
	“Where’s Rogers?” asked Tristian. “I haven’t seen him since we got here.”
	“Cargo bay I think,” replied Trayn. “I left him down there with Secily, figured she could use the company.”
	“Fair enough,” replied Dan, turning to the com. “Rogers get your arse up here.”
	“On my way,” Rogers replied before terminating the transmission. He had indeed been keeping Secily company but he had also been monitoring the Spider's progress. If he really thought about it he'd not been expecting anything less. That didn't make him feel any better though, he'd been charged with the task of delivering his friends to his Mistress, a task which he'd failed to complete. He was petrified, and had no idea what fate awaited him.

***

	“You’ve cleaned up nicely I see,” Trixi’s voice came over the com. “I’m impressed.”
	“Well we thought we’d leave you a clear run at the planet,” replied Dan, laughing.
	“Very considerate of you,” replied Trixi. “Did you have any problems?”
	“Not really,” replied Dan. “Well our shields are down to seventeen percent…”
	“Fuck,” Tristian interrupted. “We’ve lost the Half-Light Drive.”
	“No!” Dan cried. “Ah you’re shitting me.”
	“Not at a time like this,” replied Tristian. “We’re going to need to get away as quickly as we can.”
	“Yeah we kinda’ needed that,” said Dan.
	“You’ll have to come with us,” said Trixi. “We can get you all over here the same way we got Dan to the surface of Alpha.”
	“It’s the only way,” replied Dan. “There’s plenty of juice in there, we just can’t get it to the party.”
	“Bringing you over now,” Trixi cut the transmission, and within seconds the Spider’s crew were on the bridge of the Reaper.
	“I can’t help but notice that you got something on tow,” said Dan.
	“It’s the solar storm,” replied Trixi. “We figured it was the quickest and easiest way to bring it along.”
	“I see that,” said Tristian. “Are Jemma and Sara OK?”
	“Well it’s them keeping the storm with us and the shield intact,” Trixi explained. “We’re going to send the storm into the atmosphere before we release it from the shield,” she paused. “In fact, it’s on its way right now.”
	They watched as with great control and concentration, Jemma and Sara guided the solar storm into the planet's atmosphere. Jemma and Sara passed out, thus releasing the storm from its prison. Everyone looked at Trixi.
	“What?” she asked. “Seriously they haven’t even blinked for days, I’m surprised they lasted as long as they did.”
	“Fair enough,” said Dan. “What now?”
	“Now we wait,” said Trixi. “It’ll take an hour or so for the atmosphere to mix with the storm, then we should see one hell of an explosion.”
	“Are you sure, Ma’am?” asked K. “Looking at these readings, there are no signs of the two mixing at all.”
	“We need something to act as a bridge, a link between the two,” said Janey. “Something to send it into overdrive, so to speak.”
	“A barrage of missiles”? Tristian suggested.
	“No we need more than that,” replied Janey.
	“A ship,” said Rogers, quietly.
	“What was that?” asked Janey.
	“I said, we need to use a ship,” replied Rogers, much louder this time. “The Half-Light on the Spider still has power, that should be enough to ignite it.”
	“It should be, but…”
	“Send me back over there,” ordered Rogers.
	“I’m not sending you to your death,” said Trixi, bluntly. “You would need to have the shields up until you reach the surface, and then lower your shield.”
	“It would work,” Rogers insisted.
	“That’s not the point,” replied Trixi. “I’m not losing anyone else.”
	“You have already lost me,” replied Rogers, a tear in his eye. “I lied to you before; I lied to all of you. The only reason they kept me alive when I was captured was so I could bring all of you here. I don’t think they ever conceived us carrying out a plan such as this but nonetheless, I need to do this.”
	Dan rested his hand upon Rogers’ shoulder. “Thank you.”

***

	They watched as the Spider made her approach to the engulfed planet. 
	“I hope this works,” said Rogers emotionally over the com, before terminating the transmission.
	He guided the Spider into the planet's atmosphere and then he and the ship disappeared from sight. The Spider’s shields were holding at seventeen percent. Janey told him that the longer the shields held out and the closer he got to the surface, the outcome would be a much more powerful explosion.
	“Are you ready to jump as soon as that planet goes up?” Trixi asked, turning to JD. 
	“Yes Ma’am,” he replied, lighting a cigarette.
	“Did you know, Ma’am?” Dan asked.
	“Know what?” replied Trixi. “That Rogers set us up?” she paused. “I figured he had, but now he has gone and surprised even me.”
	From the safety of their ship, they watched as a small flash of light from the surface of the planet appeared, and a few seconds later the planet erupted in a huge ball of fire.
	“It should reach the core of the planet in twenty seconds,” shouted Janey. Even at this distance the noise was deafening.
	“I take it we don’t want to be hanging around here when that happens?” asked JD.
	“No,” replied Trixi. “Take us home.” JD smiled as he punched a few buttons.
	“I do love it when you say that,” he replied, taking a couple of quick drags on his cigarette. “Half-Light engaged.”
	The Reaper disappeared from the space around the erupting planet, and Janey was right. The core exploded, and with the power of more nuclear bombs than anyone would care to mention, the planet was gone.
	The Reaper flashed back into existence, accompanied by various cheers from her crew.
	“I wouldn’t celebrate just yet,” said JD as he looked over the scanner. “We have a problem.”


Chapter Fourteen
Know Thy Enemy


	He lit a cigarette. It was still dark outside, but the dustmen were emptying his bin out in the street so he knew it must be almost dawn. Still laying in bed he looked for the TV remote, fumbling around in the darkness. His wandering left hand found something cold and soggy, a slice of pizza leftover from the previous evening's endeavours. Further searching and he found what he was looking for, and turned on the TV.
	Finding nothing worth watching he flicked over to one of the music channels. Twenty-Four Seven Heavy Metal, the channel guide claimed. He laughed to himself, they really didn't make metal like they used to.
	He turned off the TV and forced himself out of bed, almost coughing up both lungs as he did so. Dropping his cigarette on the laminate floor, he stubbed it out with his bare foot, and had another lit within seconds. Walking naked over to a seemingly blank wall, he ran his hands over part of it and quiet as you like the wall slid up, revealing an impressive music system. Marshall Amps lined the top half of the space and underneath were two huge sub woofers. In the centre was an old Wurlitzer jukebox.
	He pulled down the front panel of the jukebox to reveal a standard keyboard, and typed in the word 'Playlists'. Almost instantly the screen lit up with list after list of artists and songs. He highlighted the 'Donnington Park' playlist and hit play. The mechanisms inside the Wurlitzer clicked into life. It was his favourite playlist. It was full of exclusively live tracks, all recorded at Donnington Park. He scrolled through the list until he found what he was looking for. Metallica's 'Seek and Destroy', recorded 2004. 
	He stood with his eyes closed as the music filled him. The opening riff was probably his favourite part of the song. He inhaled deeply on his cigarette, and once more coughed chestily. He felt instantly better after that, the coughing had done the trick and his breath came easier. The track finished, and selecting the random option he headed to the bathroom to take a shower. He stood with his hands against the back wall of the shower cubicle, allowing the warm water to run over his body.
	He turned the water off and stepped out of the shower, lighting another cigarette as he did so. He didn’t bother to towel himself dry; instead he dripped water all over the floor on his way back into the living room. He sat in the huge leather reclining chair that he had delicately placed directly in front of the oversized fireplace, and allowed himself to dry.
	He stood up and dressed, putting on his work suit making sure that everything was perfect. Lastly he took a large hair band, swept his dreadlocks back and tied them at the back of his head. He picked up his house keys, and left for work.
	He walked out into the street and a few yards to the left was a coffee stand. He lit another cigarette and ordered a coffee, sweet and strong. He strolled down the road. It was a mile or so to work, but he'd left himself plenty of time to walk there so he was in no particular hurry.
	He arrived at work, the huge city council offices looming in front of him. He leant against a pillar at the bottom of the stairs whilst he finished yet another cigarette. He dropped it to the floor and stubbed it out with the toe of his loafers, before putting on his game face and entering the building.
	He worked in the Planning Department; his offices were on the fourth floor of the huge, thirty-three storey building. He couldn’t remember how long he'd worked there, but he was sure it must have been a long time. He was Head of Department, and you didn’t get to that position overnight. His assistant was already there when he arrived. He couldn’t recall his name, but he was sure that he must have one. He had long matted hair, and was dressed similarly to himself.
	“Morning,” he said, cheerily.
	“Morning Sir,” he replied. “Good weekend?”
	“Oh,” he replied. “You know; same old same old.”
	Neither of them noticed it, nor did anyone else but that is because no one else was really there.  A blinding flash of light, just on the edge of vision; right at the place that you’re not sure if this is reality, or if you’re still asleep and dreaming. 

***

	The dreadlocked man lit a cigarette. It was still dark outside, but the dustmen were emptying his bin out in the street so he knew it must be almost dawn. Still laying in bed he looked for the TV remote, fumbling around in the darkness. His wandering left hand found something cold and soggy, a slice of pizza leftover from the previous evening's endeavours. Further searching and he found what he was looking for, and turned on the TV.
	Finding nothing worth watching he flicked over to one of the music channels. Twenty-Four Seven Heavy Metal, the channel guide claimed. He laughed to himself, they really didn't make metal like they used to.
	He turned off the TV and forced himself out of bed, almost coughing up both lungs as he did so. Dropping his cigarette on the laminate floor, he stubbed it out with his bare foot, and had another lit within seconds. Walking naked over to a seemingly blank wall, he ran his hands over part of it and quiet as you like the wall slid up, revealing an impressive music system. Marshall Amps lined the top half of the space and underneath were two huge sub woofers. In the centre was an old Wurlitzer jukebox.
	He pulled down the front panel of the jukebox to reveal a standard keyboard, and typed in the word 'Playlists'. Almost instantly the screen lit up with list after list of artists and songs. He highlighted the 'Donnington Park' playlist and hit play. The mechanisms inside the Wurlitzer clicked into life. It was his favourite playlist. It was full of exclusively live tracks, all recorded at Donnington Park. He scrolled through the list until he found what he was looking for. Metallica's 'Seek and Destroy', recorded 2004. 

***

	“What do you mean; we have a problem?” asked Dan, his voice sounded agitated. Nothing ever went as simply as it should. “Where are we?”
	“We’re not,” replied JD.
	“Come again.”
	“We’re not... anywhere,” replied JD once more.
	“How can we not be anywhere?” asked Dan, getting more and more agitated.
	“He’s right,” said Trixi, leaning over Tristian’s shoulder to get a look at the navigation computer. “It’s just empty space out there, only we’re not reading anything out there at all. No background radiation, no life signs. Nothing.”
	“But that doesn’t make any sense,” replied Dan.
	“We’re in the Void,” said Janey, her voice shaking.
	“The Void?” asked Dan.
	“The empty space that lies between dimensions, filling in the gaps,” Janey explained, her voice still shaking. “There’s nothing out there at all; we can’t even move.”
	“This is getting ridiculous,” Dan scoffed. “What do you mean we can’t move?”
	“This ship is powered by hydrogen, which means that essentially we can keep flying for ever,” Janey continued.
	“There’s no hydrogen out there,” Trixi said.
	“We have an hour, maybe two hours to sort this out,” said Janey. “After that we run out of air.” The comment was met with complete silence from everyone on board. “That means we might need to try and sort this out,” Janey hinted.
	“Don’t we have reserves?” asked JD.
	“Not of hydrogen,” replied Janey. “When the ship was built it was never supposed to come here, therefore it was never envisaged that lack of hydrogen would be a problem.”
	“Can’t we just make a jump?” asked Dan.
	“To where?” asked Janey. “Do you know how to get out of here? I know I don’t, and even if we could use the Half-Light Drive we need a vast amount of power to do so.”
	“How much power?” asked Tristian.
	“More than we have,” replied Trixi.
	“Can’t you guys work your mojo?” asked Dan.
	“Maybe,” replied Trixi. “We’ve not done anything like this before.”
	“Well if I may make a suggestion Ma’am,” said Dan. “You’d better fucking do something like this, right now.”
	“Agreed,” replied Trixi. 
	“All you need to do is get enough power to the Half-Light,” said JD. “And then get us somewhere where we can get some fuel.”

***

	He stood with his eyes closed as the music filled him. The opening riff was probably his favourite part of the song. He inhaled deeply on his cigarette, and once more coughed chestily. He felt instantly better after that, the coughing had done the trick and his breath came easier. The track finished, and selecting the random option he headed to the bathroom to take a shower. He stood with his hands against the back wall of the shower cubicle, allowing the warm water to run over his body.
	He turned the water off and stepped out of the shower, lighting another cigarette as he did so. He didn’t bother to towel himself dry; instead he dripped water all over the floor on his way back into the living room. He sat in the huge leather reclining chair that he had delicately placed directly in front of the oversized fireplace, and allowed himself to dry.
	He stood up and dressed, putting on his work suit making sure that everything was perfect. Lastly he took a large hair band, swept his dreadlocks back and tied them at the back of his head. He picked up his house keys, and left for work.

***

	“You alright mate?” JD turned to see Dan collapse heavily to the floor. “Ma’am!” he shouted. Tristian got to Dan’s side before Trixi and dropped to his side, cupping his head in her hands.
	“Help me!” she shouted.
	“Is he breathing?” JD asked.
	“I... I... I don’t know,” Tristian replied, frantically.
	“Oh shi…” They turned to see Trayn drop to the floor in the same manner as Dan.
	“What’s going on?” asked JD. “Who’s next?” They all stared at each other, and when it became apparent that no one else was going to collapse, Janey spoke.
	“They’re not in there,” she said.
	“What does that mean?” asked Tristian, crying.
	“Their minds aren’t in their bodies any more,” replied Janey, in the same calm voice. 
	“How?” asked JD.
	“It’s only a theory,” replied Janey before she continued. “But I think they’re minds are trapped inside the Half-Light, I felt a huge energy burst as they collapsed much like the energy burst we get when we use the Half-Light.”
	“So now tell us how the fuck they’re trapped inside the Half-Light!” Tristian yelled.
	“I don’t know,” replied Janey.
	“We have to help them get out of there though,” said Trixi. “I’m going to try something,” she stooped behind Dan’s head, moving Tristian’s hands out of the way and placing her own hands behind Dan’s ears.

***

	He walked out into the street and a few yards to the left was a coffee stand. He lit another cigarette and ordered a coffee, sweet and strong. He strolled down the road. It was a mile or so to work, but he'd left himself plenty of time to walk there so he was in no particular hurry.

***

	“Is she doing what I think she is?” JD asked.
	“She’s trying to see his thoughts,” explained Janey. “She’ll find the easiest way we can bring them out.”
	“I see him walking,” Trixi mumbled. “Drinking a coffee.”

***

	He arrived at work, the huge city council offices looming in front of him. He leant against a pillar at the bottom of the stairs whilst he finished yet another cigarette. He dropped it to the floor and stubbed it out with the toe of his loafers, before putting on his game face and entering the building.

***

	“He looks like he’s just arrived at... work I guess, wearing a suit, just dropped a cigarette on the floor.”
	“This makes no sense,” said Tristian. “Why would they be taken inside the Half-Light? More to the point, how?”
	“It’s a fail safe,” replied Janey. “This is the Half-Light's way of letting us know there’s something wrong.”
	“We know there something fucking wrong,” snapped Tristian.
	“It needs them in there so it can rectify the problem; it feeds of their energy.”
	“Then why take Dan and Trayn?” asked JD. “Surely you and Trixi have more energy.”
	“I’m sorry,” replied Janey. “Energy was the wrong word to use. It’s feeding off their life force.”
	“Will they be alright?” asked K, concerned, as they all were.
	“Probably.”

***

	He worked in the Planning Department; his offices were on the fourth floor of the huge, thirty-three storey building. He couldn’t remember how long he'd worked there, but he was sure it must have been a long time. He was Head of Department, and you didn’t get to that position overnight. His assistant was already there when he arrived. He couldn’t recall his name, but he was sure that he must have one. He had long matted hair, and was dressed similarly to himself.
	“Morning,” he said, cheerily.
	“Morning Sir,” he replied. “Good weekend?”
	“Oh,” he replied. “You know; same old same old.”
***

	“I think he’s in a loop,” Trixi shouted. “I’m getting some very weird things flashing through his mind, things I’m certain shouldn’t be there, it’s like his thoughts are incomplete, the Half-Light is controlling them.”
	“Then they need to gain control,” said Janey. “If they’re in a loop, they need to change something, anything. That should end the loop and bring them out.”
	“I can’t make him respond at all,” said Trixi. “I can’t make him change anything.”
	“Let me,” said Tristian quietly, as she knelt beside her lover. She put her mouth next to his ear, and whispered. “Dan, baby. Come back to me,” she paused. “You need to change something, make things different,” she paused once more. “I’m waiting here for you.” She looked around at her friends before whispering one more thing in Dan’s ear. “I love you.”

***

	He lit a cigarette. It was still dark outside, but the dustmen were emptying his bin out in the street so he knew it must be almost dawn. Still laying in bed he looked for the TV remote, fumbling around in the darkness. His wandering left hand found something cold and soggy, a slice of pizza leftover from the previous evenings endeavours. Further searching and he found what he was looking for, and turned on the TV.
	Finding nothing worth watching he flicked over to one of the music channels. Twenty-Four Seven Heavy Metal, the channel guide claimed. He laughed to himself, they really didn't make metal like they used to.
	He turned off the TV and forced himself out of bed, almost coughing up both lungs as he did so. Dropping his cigarette on the laminate floor, he stubbed it out with his bare foot, and had another lit within seconds. Walking naked over to a seemingly blank wall, he ran his hands over part of it and quiet as you like the wall slid up, revealing an impressive music system. Marshall Amps lined the top half of the space and underneath were two huge sub woofers. In the centre was an old Wurlitzer jukebox.
	He pulled down the front panel of the jukebox to reveal a standard keyboard, and typed in the word 'Playlists'. Almost instantly the screen lit up with list after list of artists and songs. He highlighted the 'Donnington Park' playlist and hit play. The mechanisms inside the Wurlitzer clicked into life. It was his favourite playlist. It was full of exclusively live tracks, all recorded at Donnington Park. He scrolled through the list until he found what he was looking for. Korn’s ‘Freak On A Leash’, recorded 2004.
	He stood with closed eyes as he let the music fill him, inhaling deeply of his cigarette.
	His eyes flicked open. Something was different. He couldn’t quite put his finger on it but something was not quite as it should be.
	He walked through to the bathroom to take a shower, but turning the taps he got nothing but ice cold water. He turned the taps off, and then on again once more.
	This time there was no water, but he was swallowed up by an all encompassing light.

***

	“The scanners are picking up background radiation,” JD looked up from his console. “And look at that,” he said, pointing out of the window. “We have stars and planets.”
	“I'd say we're back,” said Trixi, the relief apparent in her voice. “Have they come around?” she asked, turning to Tristian. 
	“Yes,” replied Tristian, tears streaming down her face. She was huddled over Dan's body, holding him as tightly as she could. After a few moments she helped him get to his feet, as JD offered his hand to Trayn.
	“What the fuck was that?” asked Dan. 
	“You and Trayn were trapped inside the Half-Light,” explained Janey. “You've saved our lives though, whatever you did in there worked.”
	“Well that's good to know,” replied Dan. He walked unsteadily over to Trayn, and shook his hand. “Man, that was fucked up.”
	“You don't need to tell me,” replied Trayn. “I'm right there with you.”
	“Back to Alpha?” asked JD.
	“Too fucking right,” replied Dan. “I could go for a few drinks, dunno about the rest of you?”
	“Sounds like a plan to me,” replied Trixi. “Take us back JD.”
	“Yes Ma'am.”
	The Reaper docked at Alpha. Her crew disembarked to find a huge crowd of people gathered to welcome them home.
	“Looks like we won't be paying for those drinks,” Dan joked, turning to JD.
	“I think you're right,” replied JD. “This crowd is huge.”
	“You guys fancy a spot of crowd surfing?” Dan winked. He made his way to the front of the crowd, and stood on a handy wall. “C'mon guys, you gotta' do this at least once in your life!” He fell backwards and the crowd caught him, he felt hands all over him as he was steadily moved to the back of the crowd. He lifted his head a little to see that his friends had followed suit and were catching him. They fell in a heap at the back of the crowd, laughing like it was their first time.
	“To the pub!” Trixi shouted over the noise of the crowd. This was met by even more cheers. The friends were helped up by various people who wanted to show their appreciation to the people who had saved mankind once more.

***

	“President Witter is looking for you guys,” the barman said to Dan as he handed over yet another free round of drinks. “He's on his way down here.”
	“Thanks friend,” replied Dan. “You guys hear that?”
	“Well it's only right that he joins in the celebrations,” replied Trayn. 
	“Guaranteed he wants help with some shit though,” said Trixi.
	“Don't he always?” asked Dan. “But I have a more important question.”
	“What's that?” asked JD.
	“Who's for fucking vodka shots?”

***

	“That was a stand up job you guys did,” said Witter as he took a barstool. “I am sorry for the friends you lost.”
	“Thank you Sir,” replied Trixi. “Can I offer you a drink?”
	“Just a mineral water for me,” replied Witter. “I find it best to keep my wits about me at all times.”
	“Fair enough,” replied Trixi. “Now what is it we can do for you Sir?”
	“Well I don't want to put a dampener on your celebrations, as I said you did an excellent job and you deserve a night off,” Witter said. “However our scanners have detected that you didn't destroy the entire fleet.”
	“How is that possible?” asked Trixi. “That explosion was felt here on Alpha, nothing could have survived that.”
	“Evidently something did,” replied the President. “We have detected at least twenty vessels orbiting a small moon in the Outer Ring.”
	“Well Mister President I think it would be highly unlikely they are in any position to launch any kind of attack, they suffered heavy losses just as we did,” said Trixi.
	“Who's that?” Trayn asked Dan quietly, nodding towards the door.
	“That's Miss Smith,” replied Dan. “The President's personal assistant.”
	“Well it looks like she wants a word with you mate,” said Trayn. Dan stood up and walked a few feet to an empty table, he sat down and beckoned for Miss Smith to join him.
	“What can I do for you?” He asked as she sat down.
	“I have some information for you,” she replied. “Very sensitive information that I'll probably get shot for telling you.” She was almost in tears.
	“Hey,” replied Dan. “Take your time,” he said kindly.
	“It's about the Vice-President,” Miss Smith said in a hoarse whisper. “He's been killed.”
	“Who killed him?” asked Dan, shocked.
	“I have no proof,” replied Miss Smith. “It was President Witter.”
	“Are you sure?” asked Dan.
	“As sure as I can be,” replied Miss Smith. “And he's not the only one, I'm certain Witter has killed many more. People go into his office for meetings and they are never seen again.”
	“Why have you not said anything before?” asked Dan.
	“Who's going to believe me?” She sighed.
	“I do,” replied Dan. “Trixi will do as well.” He paused. “Do you know where his body is?”
	“It's being processed for incineration,” Miss Smith replied.
	“Show me.” Miss Smith stood up and prepared to leave. Dan followed suit, motioning that Trayn should follow them.
	“Where are we going?” asked Trayn when they were outside.
	“Just gotta check something out,” replied Dan. “It'll be better to show you.”
	“No worries,” replied Trayn. “You're the boss.”
	“Keep quiet,” said Miss Smith. “We must hurry. I've sent the guard on an errand, we have a little under fifteen minutes to get in and out.” She led the way inside the Incineration Building. They headed down a corridor, turning left and right. There were many doors leading to rooms and corridors off the main corridor, but it seemed that Miss Smith knew exactly where she was going. They came across a door that was no different to the others that they had passed.
	“In here,” she whispered, opening the door. There was a single body bag on a table on the far side of the room. Miss Smith motioned that Dan should open the body bag and have a look inside.
	“Well,” said Dan after a few seconds. “That's definitely the VP.”
	“Single shot to the head,” said Trayn. “Looks like almost point blank range as well.”
	“Have we got the bullet?” asked Dan.
	“No,” replied Miss Smith. “I don't know where it is.”
	“I have it here,” Dan and Trayn turned to face Witter. Miss Smith gasped. 
	“I take it you killed him?” asked Dan.
	“He was going to compromise the operation,” replied Witter.
	“What operation?” asked Trayn.
	“I can't tell you that,” replied Witter. “But you and your team have done nothing but help me along the way.”
	“Why do I get the impression that if you tell us what operation you're talking about, we're going to wish is was you in this body bag, and not Redmond?” Dan said, pulling a shotgun from the back of his belt.
	“That would not be the wisest course of action,” advised the President. “In fact there are four of my personal guard outside, ready to deal with the three of you.”
	“To deal with us?” asked Trayn.
	“Oh yes,” replied Witter, gleefully
	“You're going to beat the shit out of us, and then throw us in prison?” asked Dan.
	“I think not,” replied Witter. “You see up until this point I've had to be rather careful about my choice of meal. Now though with no one to ask questions...”
	“You're working with them,” Dan said.
	“Actually no,” replied Witter. “Lord Rasputin wishes to form an alliance with myself, you see I posses so much more power than he does.”
	“There is something you're forgetting Mister President.”
	“What's that?” asked the President.
	“Surprise.”
	“I don't follow,” Witter looked confused, but before he had a chance to say anything else, Dan and Trayn charged him together and rushed him against the wall, Trayn held a huge knife to his throat.
	“Now Mister President,” said Dan. “Surprise.”
	“It'd be in your interest to shut the fuck up.” said Trayn. 
	“My friend here has an uncanny knack for killing people,” explained Dan. “But as long as you do as you're told, you'll live to see another day. Do you understand?” Witter nodded as best he could. “Good, now go and stand by Redmond's body.” Witter did so, Dan's shotgun trained on him. “We are going to leave you be, but your guards outside will more than likely be dead the next time you see them.”
	“You know you're not going to get away with this,” said Witter. “I am the President after all.”
	“At this point that means fuck all to me,” replied Dan. “But rest assured the next time we meet I'm going to kill you.”
	“Funnily enough I was thinking the same thing,” replied Witter.
	“Then it's going to be a very interesting meeting,” said Trayn. “But what you say we get the fuck outta' here?” The three of them left, running out into the corridor. Trayn led the way, cutting the throats of the four guards standing outside before they even knew what had happened.
	“Trixi,” Dan barked into the com. “Meet us at the Reaper. We're leaving.”
	“Why?” asked Trixi.
	“No questions,” replied Dan. “I'll fill you in when we've escaped.” Dan and Trayn with Miss Smith in tow ran out of the Incineration Building. Witter's men, apparently unsure why they were doing so were shooting at the three of them as they ran. 	“Pick her up,” Dan said, nodding at Miss Smith. “I'll meet you at the Reaper.”
	“What are you gonna' do?” asked Trayn, throwing Miss Smith over his shoulder.
	“I don't like being shot at,” replied Dan. “There's a couple of snipers on that roof over there,” he said, pointing. “They've got their sights on me, so you two should be able to make it.”
	“But...” replied Trayn.
	“Just fucking go!” Dan yelled. “That's an order.”
	“Yes Sir,” replied Trayn, and he began to run. It wasn't far to where the Reaper was docked and even with Miss Smith over his shoulder Trayn covered the ground in no time at all.
	“We're at the Reaper,” Trixi's voice came over the com. “Where the fuck are you?”
	“I'm pinned down by a couple of snipers,” replied Dan.
	“Where?” asked Trixi.
	“In the courtyard outside the Incineration Building,” replied Dan. “I've only got a shotgun on me, and they're too far out of range.”
	“Stay where you are,” replied Trixi. “I'm on my way.”
	“No Ma'am,” Dan shouted. “Get the fuck out of here while you can.”
	“Too late,” replied Trixi. “I'm already on my way.”
	“Yes Ma'am,” Dan sighed. Only a couple of minutes went by before Trixi's voice came over the com once more.
	“The Reaper,” she shouted. “Now. You're clear.” Dan stood and ran, glancing upwards to see both snipers slumped at their position. 
	“Fuck me she's good,” he said under his breath as he ran.
	Trixi was already back at the Reaper by the time Dan arrived there. She was standing guard at the bottom of the ramp.
	“Glad you could make it,” she shouted when she saw Dan.
	“Thanks for the assist,” Dan replied. “I fucking hate snipers.”
	“Well get your arse on board, we're leaving,” said Trixi, smiling.
	“I got no problem with that,” replied Dan as he made his way up the ramp and into the vessel's cargo bay.
	“Let's go JD,” Trixi said into the com as she hit the button to close the doors.
	“Yes Ma'am,” replied JD. “Where we headed?”
	“I don't care,” was the reply. “Just not here.”
	“You OK Ma'am?” asked Dan, noticing that Trixi had a nasty looking cut on her arm.
	“Yeah fine,” replied Trixi. “One of those bastards had a knife, must have heard me coming.”

***

	An hour or so later the crew were sat around the table in the galley. They were sat in a low orbit around an uninhabited moon.
	“So Witter killed Redmond?” JD asked.
	“Too right,” replied Dan, lighting a cigarette. “He would have quite happily killed the three of us as well.”
	“Well the main thing there is that he didn't,” said Trixi. “And we now have somebody on board with intimate knowledge of Witter's dealings.”
	“I wouldn't say that really,” Miss Smith spoke. “The President has always been very sly when it comes to who he has dealings with. All I can say for sure is that he's killed more than just the Vice President.”
	“We also know that he's more powerful than the other bad guys,” said Dan. “And if those same bad guys survived that explosion, then I hate to say it but we're fucked.”
	“OK,” said Trixi. “These guys are beatable, we just have to find a weakness.”
	“Well there's only eleven of us, and fuck knows how many of them,” said Dan.
	“Yeah but on the plus side there's only eleven of us,” said Trayn. “We're always gonna' have the element of surprise on our side.”
	“That's a fair point,” replied Trixi.
	“The only way we can possibly win this is by making quick attacks,” Dan said. “Guerilla tactics and shit.”
	“We don't even know where their bases are to be able to make attacks,” K pointed out. “How are we supposed to attack an enemy greater in numbers than us, who are essentially invisible?”
	“If they were all in one place it would be much easier,” said Dan.
	“I think there's probably too many of them to get them all in one place,” said Trixi.
	“Then let's cut the numbers?” said Janey.
	“How?” asked Dan.
	“Well you said yourself that Witter claims to be more powerful than the actual bad guys,” Janey continued. “So let’s make a deal with them. We'll help them eliminate Witter.”
	“You realise we'll probably end up being double-crossed there?” Trixi pointed out.
	“It's gotta' be worth the risk though,” said Dan. “It's certainly the best idea we've got.”
	“I know their location,” said Miss Smith. “The President told you that the long range scanners picked up a small fleet around a moon in the Outer Ring?”
	“Yes,” replied Trixi. “That's right he did.”
	“Well it was me that handed the co ordinates to him,” said Miss Smith, happy to have contributed.
	“Let's get on it,” said Trixi. “Miss Smith... actually what the fuck is your name?”
	“Seline,” she replied. “Seline Smith,”
	“Well Seline,” said Trixi. “Go with JD to the bridge, and give him the co ordinates. Stay up there with him, you may come in handy when it comes to getting a message through.” Trixi watched JD and Seline go, and then turned to Dan. “You think this is going to work?”
	“Fuck no,” he replied with a chuckle.
	“We're coming up on the fleet now Ma'am,” JD said into the com. “You want us to make contact?”
	“Go ahead,” replied Trixi.
	“This is Seline Smith,” Seline spoke into the com. “We seek council with Lord Rasputin, please respond.”
	“Miss Smith you and your friends are expected,” a voice came back over the com. “Stand by for transportation.”
	“Transportation?” JD asked.
	“They have vastly superior technology than we do,” Seline explained. “They will beam us over momentarily.”
	“Nice,” said JD as he watched Seline disappear into thin air. She appeared on board Lord Rasputin's ship, alongside Trixi and Dan.
	“Now that was just fucking weird,” Dan whispered. “I didn't feel a thing.” The three of them were in a small room that appeared to be some kind of holding cell. The door opened, and a woman strode in, instantly owning the room, much to Trixi and Seline's distaste. 
	“You will call me Mistress,” she said, addressing them all at once.
	“Like f...” Seline signalled that Trixi should not finish that sentence.
	“Yes Mistress,” Seline replied.
	“Good,” replied Mistress. “Now, Lord Rasputin will see you.”
	“I think he will be very interested to hear what we have to say,” said Trixi.
	“I'm sure he will,” replied Mistress. “Although if you fail to address me properly again, I won't hesitate to slit your throat.”
	“Yes... Mistress,” replied Trixi through gritted teeth. She knew in that instant that at some point in the very near future, she was going to kick the bitch’s ass.
	Mistress led the way out of the holding cell and out into an extremely long corridor. They walked in silence for almost five minutes to the end of the corridor where there was a huge set of double doors. The doors opened automatically and they walked through. They were greeted with near-darkness, and it wasn't until their eyes slowly adjusted that they noticed a solitary figure sat at the opposite end of an obscenely long table.
	“Allow me to introduce you to Lord Rasputin,” Mistress said as she sat down at the table.
	“Lord Rasputin, I am Trixi,” said Trixi.
	“I know exactly who you are,” replied Lord Rasputin. “I am puzzled however, as to what brings you here.”
	“It's a funny story actually,” said Dan, as Trixi hit him to shut him up.
	“We have an enemy in common,” began Trixi. “It seems that there is more than meets the eye to Witter.”
	“I see,” replied Lord Rasputin. “And yes, Witter is no doubt a thorn in my side. I planted him, and funded his run into the Presidency to act as my eyes and ears.”
	“Well that's as maybe,” began Dan. “But he seems to think he can, and will, kick your arse.”
	“Were those his exact words?” asked Lord Rasputin.
	“Well not exactly,” replied Dan. “Although he does claim to posses more power than you.”
	“He is essentially holding our people hostage, only they don't realise it,” said Trixi.
	“Well from my point of view, if I was to hold a people hostage, I would be certain that they knew it,” said Lord Rasputin. “The man has no... class.”
	“Not quite how I'd put it,” said Trixi. “But if it means that we get what we want out of this meeting then I'll take it.”
	“And what is it that you hope to get out of this?” Asked Lord Rasputin.
	“We want to make a deal,” replied Trixi. “We understand that we are enemies, and that won't change. However we don't have the man power to fight a war on two fronts.”
	“You are requesting my help to fight Witter?”
	“Yes,” replied Trixi. “We are.”
	“And what makes you think that I will grant you request?” asked Lord Rasputin.
	“Because,” said Dan. “You got more to lose than we do.”

***

	“Welcome back,” said JD as Trixi, Dan and Seline appeared on the bridge of the Reaper. “Everything go to plan?”
	“Sort of,” replied Dan.
	“They are going to help us,” began Trixi. “But that's not the end of it.”
	“What do you mean?” asked Trayn.
	“In return for their help, Lord Rasputin has given us one condition, and that is that we join them,” said Dan. “After we defeat Witter, he says we must join with them, and become vampires ourselves.”
	“So,” said JD. “Contingency plan?”
	“We're definitely going to need one,” said Seline.
	“We've already tried blowing the shit out of them though,” said Trayn. “What else have we got?”
	“I dunno,” replied Dan. “We'll come up with something though.”
	“We will,” said Trixi. “But for now I'd like to make a suggestion.”
	“What's that Ma'am?” asked Tristian.
	“We could try and make a dent in the vampire population, let them know we mean business,” said Trixi.
	“You suggesting we go vampire hunting Ma'am?” asked Dan.
	“I think I might be,” replied Trixi.
“Sounds like a plan to me,” said Trayn. “It's about time we had some fun.”
	“Where do we start?” asked Dan.
	“Well I reckon we leave Alpha alone,” said Trixi. “There's far too much activity there, but we can stay in the Inner Ring.”
“Are we going back to the Asylum Planet?” asked K.
	“We are,” replied Trixi. “JD, set us a course to Omega.”
	“Yes Ma'am,” replied JD, turning to face his console.

***

	The Reaper sat in a low orbit around Omega. The scanners showed exactly what the crew had expected, vast mountain ranges and vast weather systems that engulfed much of the planet at a time.
	“Are we getting life signs?” asked Trixi.
	“Yes Ma'am,” replied Tristian. “They seem to be spread out all over the place.”
	“That makes our job easier then,” replied Trixi. “K I want you to take JD, Trayn, and Seline in the tank, check out the smaller locations.”
	“Yes Ma'am,” replied K.
	“The rest of us will stay on board the Reaper and cover you from the air,” said Trixi. “We should be able to take out any larger targets for you as well, make it a little easier for you.”
	“One thing Ma'am,” said JD.
	“What?” asked Trixi.
	“Are we to assume that everyone on this planet is an enemy?” he asked.
	“You know as well as anyone here that Omega has been uninhabited since the failed asylum experiment,” replied Trixi. “It's a dangerous planet for anyone to be on, so yes I think we can safely assume that these life signs are hostile.”
	“So we can kill everything?” asked Trayn. “Just so I know.”
	“Yes,” replied Trixi, laughing. “We can kill everything.”
	“Right,” said K. “Let's go guys.”
	“There's only one suitable landing zone,” said Trixi. “You remember where we dropped down for repairs that time?”
	“How could I forget?” asked JD. “I remember the site well, co-ordinates are locked.”
	“Take us down Pilot.”
	“Yes Ma'am.”

***

	“I thought she said we were to check out the smaller locations,” said Trayn as he looked out of the tank's tiny plexi-glass windows. “I make at least forty hostiles, and that's just on the outside.”
	“I have an idea,” said JD. “It's a little risky, but it should be fun.”
	“I like the sound of this,” replied Trayn with a smirk.
	“I'm not sure I do,” said K. “It sounds like you’re planning to do something incredibly stupid.”
	“I guess it is a little,” replied JD. “But it looks to me like the majority of this facility is underground. The way I see it, Trayn and I get inside and make some noise, they won't know what's hit them.”
	“Then they come running out thinking they're under heavy attack,” Trayn continued. “And you girls push a few buttons and blast them all to shit.”
	“Exactly,” said JD as he patted Trayn on his shoulder.

***

	“What do you think Ma'am?” asked Dan as the two of them surveyed what lay before them.
	“Well,” replied Trixi. “It's definitely the Asylum,” she turned to Tristian. “Run a scan for life signs, but avoiding vampires.”
	“Yes Ma'am,” replied Tristian.
	“What's on your mind?” asked Dan.
	“I think there's something still here,” replied Trixi. “Something other than vampires.”
	“Well so long as it's not human then we're gonna' kill it, right?”
	“Yeah,” replied Trixi. “I'd just like to know what it is we're killing.”
	“I only get vampire life signs Ma'am,” said Tristian. “And a whole lot of them.”
	“And they know we're here,” said Janey. “They're coming for us.”
	“Oh shi...” Dan cut himself off. “They have fighters.” He pointed out into the darkness, where flashes of light could be seen indicating fighters taking up attack formation.
	“Get us the fuck out of here,” yelled Trixi. “We're sitting ducks, we need to get behind them.”
	“Yes Ma'am,” replied Dan, taking the controls.
	“Janey,” Trixi yelled once more. “With me, on the guns.”
	“Yes Ma'am,” replied Janey.
	“K are you receiving?” Dan said into the com. “They knew we were coming.”
	“What do you mean?” K came back. 
	“They were expecting us,” replied Dan, wrestling with the controls of the Reaper. “We're under heavy attack. We got I dunno' how many fighters on our tail.”
	“Anything we can do?” asked K.
	“Sit tight,” replied Dan. “We're gonna' swing around and get you.”
	“OK,” replied K. “I'll call JD and Trayn back.”
	“What do you mean you gotta' call them back?” Dan asked.
	“We came across an underground facility, and they went in to flush any vampires out.”
	“You're shitting me!” Dan turned to Tristian. “Babe run a scan for JD and Trayn.”
	“What's wrong?” asked Tristian.
	“They've done something very stupid,” replied Dan.
	“I have them,” replied Tristian. “It looks like they're surrounded, but other than that I can't tell anything.”

***

	“Ever get the feeling that you made the wrong call?” JD whispered to Trayn as the two of them stood back to back. They were in a large room, the ceiling was incredibly high and aside from the three or four feet around he and Trayn, the room was filled with vampires.
	“What makes you think that?” asked Trayn. “I just can't decide which one of them to shoot first.”
	“I'm pretty sure it'd be a bad idea to shoot any of them,” said JD.
	“And you would be correct.” One of the crowd stepped forward as he spoke, JD and Trayn assumed him to be the leader. “It is such a refreshing change to see that some intelligence still exists within the human race, albeit limited intelligence.”
	“How did you know we were coming?” asked JD.
	“Please,” the leader scoffed. “It was such a predictable move.”
	“Predictable?” asked Trayn.
	“Well you and your friends have had council with Lord Rasputin, have you not?”
	“We have,” replied JD.
	“And before that you barely escaped from Alpha with your lives,” the leader continued. “A visit to Omega in an attempt to stamp your authority on the vampire population was the next logical step.” 
	“That's as maybe,” said JD. “But we are fighting for the future of our species.”
	“Your species has no future,” the leader snapped. This received much applause from the assembled crowd. “Unless of course, you work with us.”
	“Work with you?” Trayn asked. “You're the second of your kind to offer us that deal, and we weren't too excited about it the first time.”
	“Lord Rasputin offered you a deal did he?” asked the leader. “Let me guess, he said that he would help you eliminate Witter.”
	“He did,” replied JD.
	“It seems that you have been...” The leader paused, searching his vocabulary for the correct word. “Played.”
	“I'm not sure we follow,” said JD, confused.
	“Then allow me to explain,” replied the leader. “There was a time when I was Lord Rasputin's right hand man, so to speak. The two of us wreaked havoc on Earth, laying waste to civilisations, building a vast army as we did so,” he paused, as if this reminiscence was too much for him. “Then we came across a young man who stood up to us, and not only did he stand up to us he became our greatest adversary. He is the original Hunter.”
	“Witter.” Trayn and JD spoke in unison.
	“That is correct yes,” the leader replied. “For decades he chased us over four continents, single handedly destroying much of our army. It was Lord Rasputin's idea to turn him, his argument being that if he was that strong-willed as a human, then as a vampire he could accomplish incredible things, so Lord Rasputin made him one of us and he quickly became the most beautiful, vicious killing machine I have ever witnessed.”
	“He pushed you out?” asked JD.
	“It was a slow process,” the vampire continued. “I have to be honest I didn't really notice at first, but yes, I was pushed out of Lord Rasputin's favour.”
	“So what you're saying,” said Trayn after a moments thought. “Is that Lord Rasputin has no intention whatsoever of helping us take out Witter.”
	“That is correct,” replied the leader. “If you go through with this deal, you are walking straight into a trap.”
	“Why are you telling us this?” asked JD.
	“I am not strong enough to take on Lord Rasputin and Witter on my own,” he replied. “You and your friends however, are the strongest force I have ever encountered.”
	“I have a question,” said JD. “Who exactly are you?” The leader smiled a wry smile before he spoke, and dropped to all fours. He seemed to be in incredible pain.
	“I...” he began, struggling to get the words out of his mouth. “I... am... Cerberus.” His body began to contort into all kinds of weird shapes before it slowly, it took form. “The... first... Lycanthrope...”
	“Lycanthrope?” Trayn asked, confused.
	“You’re all fucking werewolves!” JD shouted. As he spoke, he and Trayn felt themselves become encompassed in light, and they were transported onto the Reaper.
	“Are you guys alright?” asked K, running straight to JD and embracing him, holding tightly
	“Yeah,” replied JD. “Yeah we're OK.”
	“We got some information that you guys might find interesting,” said Trayn, as Secily hugged him tightly.
	“The guys down on Omega,” JD continued. “They're not vampires.”
	“They're not?” asked Trixi.
	“What the fuck are they?” asked Dan.
	JD and Trayn shared a glance before the former spoke.
	“They're werewolves,” he said.


Chapter Fifteen
It's All in the Family


	“Werewolves?”
	“We saw it with our own eyes Ma'am,” replied JD. “The guy dropped to the floor and he turned into a fucking wolf.”
	“Are we trapped in some really fucked up alternate dimension?” asked Dan. “'Cos I gotta' say, this is more than just a little bit too much.”
	“I agree,” replied Trixi. “But no I can assure you that we are in our own dimension.”
	“I knew you'd say that,” replied Dan.
	“He called himself Cerberus,” said Trayn.
	“The Guardian of Hell?” asked Janey. “Are you sure that's the name he gave you?”
	“Yes,” replied JD. “He claims to be the first of the Lycanthropes.”
	“Well... he's right,” replied Janey. “Cerberus was always believed to be the last test on the way into hell, but there is no lore to indicate he made his way onto the mortal plane.”
	“Then I guess we're making it up as we go along,” said JD. “He claims that he and Lord Rasputin ravaged Earth for centuries, and that Witter is the original Hunter.”
	“The Hunter of the Undead,” said Janey. “It makes sense I suppose, if you have vampires and werewolves running around as if you own the place then someone is going to step up and hunt them,” she paused. “So Witter was the Hunter, and then he was turned?”
	“That's the long and short of it,” replied JD. “Before Witter was on the scene it seems that Rasputin and Cerberus were tight, but then Witter slowly pushed Cerberus out of the picture.”
	“So if we see our deal through with Rasputin we're walking straight into a trap?” asked Trixi.
	“So the dog says,” replied Trayn.
	“Does he want to ally with us?” asked Dan.
	“I don't know,” replied JD. “You pulled us out of there before we had a chance to find out.”
	“Well you two are still alive, which implies to me that we can trust him,” said Trixi. “Well maybe not trust him, but you know what I mean.”
	“You want to set up a meeting?” asked Dan.
	“On neutral territory,” replied Trixi. “Somewhere we can't be ambushed, and somewhere that Cerberus won't feel that we are a threat.”
	“Gamma Twelve,” said K. “On one of the small islands there. It's almost impossible for an ambush to be set.”
	“I like it,” said Dan.
	“Make the call,” said Trixi, turning to Seline.

***

	Trixi and Dan stood alone on the rocky beach. They'd chosen the most remote island Gamma Twelve had to offer for their meeting with Cerberus, and as part of the terms of the meeting there was only to be two members of each party present. The Reaper was in a low orbit around the moon, Janey was ready to harness the power of the Half-Light and bring Trixi and Dan back on board should the meeting go tits up.
	“You think Janey's idea will work?” asked Dan.
	“They normally do,” replied Trixi. 
	“Yeah she does have a habit of being right all the time,” said Dan, laughing.
	As they were stood there, Cerberus and one of his followers appeared a short distance away down the beach, in a similar way to which the Half-Light could transport the Reaper's crew to a specific location. “You ready?” Dan asked.
	“It's too late to back out now if not,” replied Trixi, as the two of them walked towards the new arrivals.
	“I take it you two are Trixi and Dan,” Cerberus spoke. “I am Cerberus and this is Johal, my second in command.”
	“Let's get down to business shall we?” suggested Dan. “I imagine that you're about as pleased to be here as we are.”
	“On the contrary,” replied Cerberus. “It is an honour to meet those who stand up to our common enemy.” Cerberus smiled. “Now, I understand you have a ploy you feel will make it much easier to fight Lord Rasputin and Witter.”
	“We do,” replied Trixi. “We think it would be much easier if we didn't have to fight them both at the same time.”
	“They are both extremely powerful adversaries,” conceded Cerberus. “And with their forces united I fear they would be nigh unbeatable.”
	“Which is why we want to trap Rasputin in the Void,” said Dan.
	“I don't follow,” said Cerberus, confused.
	“I'm not the best person to explain this, but I'll do my best,” began Trixi. “There are an infinite number of alternate dimensions, and the space in between those dimensions is the Void.”
	“I see,” replied Cerberus. “How do you propose to trap Lord Rasputin there?”
	“The same way we once found ourselves trapped there,” replied Trixi. “The drive on our ship has the power to instantly transport the ship to a different location.”
	“Ah,” said Cerberus. “The legendary Half-Light Drive.”
	“Yes,” replied Trixi. “We can rig it to open a gateway into the Void.”
	“Does the risk that Lord Rasputin may find his way into an alternate dimension not worry you?” asked Cerberus.
	“It is a risk,” replied Trixi. “But one I feel we must take.”
	“Well I concede that it would certainly be much easier to wage war on Witter and Lord Rasputin separately,” said Cerberus. “Where do we fit into this plan of yours?” 
	“We need you and your army to attack Alpha,” said Trixi. 
	“I see,” replied Cerberus.
	“Without killing any civilians,” said Trixi. “Although I'm not actually sure that there are any civilians left.”
	“I doubt very much Witter would have let anyone be,” said Cerberus. “Those who have stood against him in the past have not prevailed.”
	“We will,” said Dan, defiantly.
	“I have no doubt,” said Cerberus. “When is this attack to take place?”
	“You must co-ordinate your attack on Alpha with our own attack on Rasputin's fleet,” replied Trixi. “We can't afford Witter to suspect anything, nor can we allow Rasputin to get a message through to Witter.”
	“I will ensure the first thing we do is knock out their ability to send sub-space communication,” said Cerberus. “Then regardless of whether Witter suspects a ploy, there won't be much he can do about it.”
	“It will take us forty-eight hours from the moment we get back onto our ship to open a gateway into the Void,” said Trixi.
	“In which case my fleet will be ready to launch an assault,” said Cerberus.
	“Are we done here?” asked Dan. “I left my smokes on board.”
	“We are done,” replied Cerberus. “Until we meet again.” As he spoke Cerberus and Johal de-materialised as they were transported back on board their vessel.
	“That went well I think,” said Dan.
	“I agree,” replied Trixi. “Take us up Janey.”

***

	“Cerberus likes your plan Janey,” said Trixi once she and Dan were back on board The Reaper. “He is willing to launch the attack on Alpha to give us time to get Rasputin out of the picture.”
	“How long do we have to open the gateway?” asked Jemma.
	“Forty-eight hours as of...” Trixi looked at her watch. “Three minutes ago.”
	“So not long then,” replied Janey. “We'd better get on it.”

***

	Trixi, Janey, Jemma and Sara sat on the floor of the cargo bay. Their hands were joined and their eyes were closed, focusing all their energies on opening a gateway to the Void.

***

	“How far out are we JD?” asked Dan.
	“A few hours yet,” replied JD.
	“Engage the cloak,” ordered Dan. “We don't want to be seen until the last possible moment.”
	“Yes Sir,” replied JD. “You think we can trust Cerberus?”
	“The impression I got from him is that he's incredibly pissed off with Rasputin,” replied Dan. “I think this is a revenge gig for him, but so long as he keeps his end of the bargain then I have no problem with that.”
	“What happens after we defeat Witter and Rasputin?” asked Tristian.
	“I got no clue,” replied Dan. “I guess we'll have to cross that bridge when we come to it.”
	The Reaper grew closer to Rasputin's fleet, her cloak engaged.
	“Any sign that we've been noticed?” asked JD.
	“Not yet,” replied Tristian. “How long do we have?”
	“An hour.”

***

	It was hardly noticeable at first, but the temperature on board the Reaper slowly began to rise as Trixi and her sisters' power began to flow through the vessel. A faint glow formed around the Reaper as the Half-Light Drive was asked to do more than it had ever done.
	“It's working,” Janey gasped. “I can feel the energy radiating outwards.”
	“So can I,” replied Sara. “The power... it's... incredible.”
	The faint glow of energy around the Reaper quickly became less transparent.
	“The fleet has seen us,” JD shouted over the com. “Whatever it is we're doing, we need to finish it,” he paused, before adding. “Now!”
	“They're still down there doing their thing,” replied Dan. “Shields to maximum, looks like we're gonna' have a ruck on our hands.”
	“I can't!” JD shouted. “We have no power.”
	“They must be using everything we got,” replied Dan. “We better hope we don't have to sit here waiting too long.”
	“Too right,” said JD.
	“Trayn,” Dan said. “Get on the guns, just in case”
	“Alright,” replied Trayn. “Now we're talking.”

***

	“It's working!” Jemma shouted. The silence was deafening. The girls were surrounded by incredibly bright light.
	“What was that?” asked Janey, as an image flashed across her vision.
	“What was what?” asked Trixi. “I saw nothing, keep your fucking concentration.”
	“I saw...” Janey paused. “There it is again.”
	“Fucking concentrate!” Trixi yelled. 
	“It's Pete,” Janey said quietly. “He's still alive.”
	“He died Janey,” said Trixi, much more calmly. “He burned up on board the Marie Celeste.”
	“I must have saved him as well as the others, but because it took so much energy to find them I'd not noticed where Pete is,” Janey paused before continuing. “He's trapped in Medieval England.” 
	Just as Janey finished speaking, the energy that had been surrounding the Reaper seemed to come loose and began to move at quite a pace towards Rasputin's fleet, growing as it did so.
	“We got power!” JD said.
	“Head for the gateway JD,” Trixi shouted as she ran onto the bridge. “We've fucked up.”
	“What do you mean?” asked JD as he directed the Reaper into the centre of the gateway.
	“We're not sending them to the Void,” Trixi continued. “Pete is still alive, Janey saw him.”
	“He's still alive?” JD said, excitedly. “Where?”
	“Medieval England,” replied Trixi. “That's where the gateway is going to send Rasputin and his fleet. Janey saw Pete and then the destination of the gateway changed. She's got an insane amount of power, I don't think even she knows how much.”
	“So we're headed to the Dark Ages are we?” asked Dan.
	“I hope you're ready for this,” said Trixi in reply. “You realise we're not going to be able to use guns?”
	“Ah,” said Dan. “Fuck it.”

***

	The Reaper soon caught up with the fast moving gateway, which had already swallowed Rasputin's fleet.
	“Are we sure we wanna' do this?” asked JD. “This is pretty much the point of no return.”
	“We have to,” replied Trixi. “Apart from the fact that we fucked up, Pete's in there.”
	“Just making sure,” replied JD as he guided the vessel over the event horizon of the gateway, before it too was swallowed whole. Light streamed past the Reaper as she rode the waves of Time and Space, buffeting slightly as she did so. It felt like forever that they were in there, but in actuality they were out the other side within minutes.
	“I don't see any other ship,” said Dan, looking out of the window.
	“Me either,” replied Trixi. “We can only have come through a few seconds after the fleet.”
	“Maybe it was to do with overall mass,” suggested Janey. “It must have dropped them out at a different location.”
	“Are we cloaked?” asked Trixi. 
	“Yes Ma'am,” replied Tristian. “We were as soon as we dropped out of the gateway.”
	“Good,” said Trixi. “Find somewhere to put us down JD, I don't want to use the Reaper at all while we're here, don't want to draw the wrong kind of attention.”
	“Yes Ma'am,” replied JD as he scoured the scanners for a suitable landing zone. He found one a few miles away, a small clearing in the middle of a heavily forested area.
	“So we're on foot?” asked Dan as JD set The Reaper down.
	“For now,” replied Trixi. “We're gonna' have to find some kind of transport, and some clothes more in-keeping with the times.”

***

	They walked for miles before they came across any signs of life, a large cottage in a clearing similar to the one in which they'd left The Reaper. A thinly spread mist was creeping its way amongst the trees.
	“What do you think?” asked Trixi as they stood quietly on the edge of the clearing.
	“I think we don't got much choice,” replied Dan. “I dunno' 'bout you but I don't fancy spending a night out here freezing my bollocks off.”
	“Agreed,” replied Trixi. “Now, who's gonna' knock on the door?”

***

	The huge wooden door opened wide, they were all hurried inside and the door slammed behind them. In the dim candle light, they were able to make out an elderly woman's face.
	“Sorry to barge in on you like this,” Trixi spoke. “We're...”
	“I know who you are,” the woman interrupted. “I had a man here a week back, he told me to expect his friends.”
	“Pete?” asked JD and Dan together.
	“That was his name, yes,” replied the woman.
	“Is he alright?” asked Trixi.
	“He was a little worse for wear,” replied the woman. “I found him asleep out in the forest.”
	“You mean he was unconscious?” asked Janey. “Where did he go?”
	“I gave him some proper clothes,” the woman began. “Sent him north on a horse.”
	“Why did you send him away?” asked Janey.
	“Oh I didn't,” replied the woman. “He wanted to go, kept going on about finding out why he was here.”
	“Can you point us in the same direction?” asked Dan.
	“I will, but not 'til daylight comes,” the woman replied. “You don't want to be travelling through the forest during the night.”
	“No arguments here,” replied Trixi. “Do you have somewhere we can sleep for the night?”
	“I have a barn out the back,” replied the woman. “Plenty of hay there for you to bed down in.”
	“Thank you,” replied Trixi.

***

	Morning came and brought with it yet more mist, but as the sun began to break through it gave the forest a much more appealing look. They were woken by the woman.
	“I have some horses for you,” she said. “And some clothes, can't have you walking around dressed as you are. People will talk.”
	“Thank you so much,” replied Trixi. “Which way do we need to head?”
	“Follow the trail back into the forest,” the woman pointed. “You will come to a track and need to turn left.”
	“Thanks,” said Dan. “Oh by the way, what year is this?”
	“Nine ninety-nine,” replied the woman. “Funny, your friend asked exactly the same question.” She watched as her temporary lodgers got dressed into their new clothes, and then took their old ones from them. “I shall burn these for you.”
	“Thank you,” replied Trixi as she jumped up onto one of the horses. “For everything, you've been so kind.”
	“It's my pleasure,” replied the woman with a smile. “Besides, I couldn't go leaving family out in the cold.”
	“Come again?” said Trixi, turning to face the woman.
	“I'm surprised that you couldn't tell,” continued the woman as she turned to face Janey. “Especially you, but then it's my reckoning your head is filled up with trying to find your man.”
	“Who the hell are you?” asked Dan. “Sorry to be so blunt.”
	“That's quite alright young man,” replied the woman. “My name is Mary Walcott.”
	“That name rings a bell,” said Janey, thoughtfully. “But this is too early for you. You are the central figure of the Salem Witch Trials, but that doesn't take place until the seventeenth century.”
	“True enough that's when I meet my end,” replied Mary. “But there's so much more to tell, I've been around for centuries.”
	“But...” Trixi began.
	“That's enough for now,” Mary interrupted. “You need to go and find your friend, and it seems to me you have an enemy to send back to your own time as well. He doesn't belong here.”
	“How do you know about Rasputin?” asked JD.
	“There's a lot I know,” replied Mary. “But now you must go.” Mary turned to go back into the cottage. “Just remember,” she turned as she spoke. “Not everything is what it seems.” And then she was gone.

***

	They silently followed the track on horseback, Secily riding with Trayn. The track wound awkwardly through the forest but sure enough after a few hours they came across a road, which was actually another track, only slightly wider than the one they had been following.
	“Left?” asked Dan, who had taken the lead.
	“That's what Mary said,” replied Trixi.
	“I gotta' tell you, I feel naked,” said Dan.
	“Naked?” asked JD.
	“Without any weapons I mean,” replied Dan. 
	“It is a little inconvenient,” said Trixi. “But we can't risk using guns of any kind.”
	“Yeah I know,” said Dan, quietly. “We can't go altering the time line any more than we need to.”
	“Exactly,” replied Trixi.

***
	Hours passed, and as the daylight began to fade they came across an inn. 
	“We gonna' get off this road?” asked JD.
	“Yeah I could do with a beer,” said Dan.
	“Looks like there's a stable out the back,” said Trayn. They led their horses to the stable, hitched them, and then entered the inn.
	“You got rooms tonight friend?” Dan asked the barman.
	“Aye,” replied the barman. “We're empty.”
	“We're looking for a friend of ours,” JD said.
	“He passed through here four nights ago,” replied the barman. “He told me to be on the lookout for you.” He began to pull them each a pint.
	“You noticed anything else strange going on?” asked Trixi.
	“Nothing out of the ordinary,” replied the barman. “Although there's a few people gone missing around here, no sign of them.”
	“No sign at all?” asked Dan.
	“Could be our friend Rasputin,” Trayn whispered to Trixi.
	“My thoughts exactly,” she replied, matching Trayn's whisper. 
	“No,” replied the barman. “And it's always at the same place, there's a cross in the road a few miles down.”
	“A cross?” asked Dan.
	“Where one road crosses another,” replied the barman.
	“A crossroads,” Trixi whispered, almost to herself. “Dan I want you and Trayn to go check that out.”
	“Think there's something in it Ma'am?” asked Dan.
	“Yeah,” replied Trixi, beckoning Dan closer. “A crossroads has always been a prime site for supernatural activity.”
	“You think Rasputin's gonna' take advantage of that while he's here?” asked Trayn.
	“I do,” replied Trixi.
	“You have any weapons friend?” Dan asked the barman as he finished his pint. It was a thick, sickly beer. Like Guinness, but much stronger. Dan could feel it lining his stomach.
	“I got a few swords in the back,” replied the barman, before adding. “You know, just in case.”
	“I know what you mean,” replied Dan, laughing. “Think we could borrow a couple while we go check out this cross?”
	“Give me a minute,” said the barman as he turned and went into a room behind the bar. He came out a few seconds later carrying two swords. “You boys know how to use one of these?”
	“We're quick studies,” replied Trayn as he took a sword from the barman's hand.

***

	“It's fucking freezing,” said Dan, pulling his leather trench coat tighter around him. He and Trayn were sat on the edge of the road at the crossroads, their weapons hidden from view.
	“Don't I know it,” replied Trayn. “I tell you I had some fun times before I met you guys,” he paused. “But ever since then... man it's opened my eyes”
	“Never thought you'd find yourself vampire hunting in the tenth century, eh?” Dan said, laughing.
	“Too right,” replied Trayn. “Oh watch out, there's movement on the road.” They watched as two shadowy figures made their way towards them on the road, and carried on walking by, noticing the two men sat at the edge of the road.
	“False alarm,” said Dan. “No consideration, these vampires.”
	“Assuming it is Rasputin,” replied Trayn.
	“To be fair,” Dan conceded. “It'd be too easy if not though.”
	“Look over there,” Trayn pointed across the road, and sure enough hidden from sight were four pairs of eyes.
	“Fancy taking a walk?” asked Dan.
	“I'm right behind you,” replied Trayn. They stood up slowly but the eyes did not move. They were fixed on the centre of the crossroads. Dan and Trayn walked slowly over to the centre, and drew their swords.
	“Come on then!” Dan shouted. “We can see you're there, no point in hiding,” Dan watched as four figures emerged from the bushes. “Right then, who's going first?”
	“We have been instructed by our Lord and Master not to engage you in combat,” One of them spoke. “Lord Rasputin's orders are that as you are our only hope of returning to our own time, then nothing can be done to jeopardise that.”
	“So in other words,” said Trayn. “You don't think you can take us.”
	“We are following orders,” The vampire spoke once more.
	“I don't think that four less vampires will pose a problem for Rasputin, especially ones as fuck ugly as you” said Dan. “Now, come on.”
	“You do know that we're stronger than you?” asked the vampire. “And that without the protection of your witches, you stand no chance.”
	“See,” replied Dan. “You're making excuses not to fight.”
	“As you wish.” The vampires pounced simultaneously. They leapt several feet in the air and landed, circling the two men. Dan and Trayn stood back to back, watching the vampires' every move and ready for an attack when it came.
	“Stop playing the fuck around,” Dan shouted. “Are you here to fight or what?”
	“Actually,” replied the lead vampire. “We are nothing more than a mere diversion.”
	“A diversion?” asked Trayn.
	“Now now,” cooed the vampire as they began to circle once more. “Who's making small talk now?”
	“JD and the girls,” said Dan. “What have you done to them?”
	“Me?” asked the vampire. “Nothing, but it's not me you need to worry about, but if you want to know about me I shall tell you. My name is...”
	“It don't matter what your fucking name is,” Dan interrupted.
	“Follow my lead,” Trayn whispered in Dan's ear, as he began circling the opposite way to the vampires, Dan following suit. The two of them picked up speed, and were soon moving at almost double the speed of their adversaries. “Duck!” Dan dropped to the floor, and watched in awe as Trayn leapt in the air, bringing his sword arm around in a perfect circle, beheading the four vampires as he did so.
	“Back to the inn?” asked Dan as Trayn helped him to his feet.
	“Double time,” replied Trayn, the two of them surveying the fallen vampires. They began to run back down the road towards the inn.
	“Nice moves back there man,” panted Dan as they ran.
	“Thanks,” replied Trayn.

***

	“It seems that Witter is more intelligent than you give him credit for Cerberus,” said Johal to his master. “Alpha's planetary shield is up and running.”
	“No matter, Johal,” replied Cerberus. “Our purpose here was to allow the humans time to deal with Lord Rasputin, and as long as that shield is active then Witter isn't going anywhere.”
	“Do you want to communicate with Witter?” asked Johal. “We can get a team down there and take care of him ourselves.”
	“It's not our fight,” replied Cerberus. “We are here only as a favour, and will help the humans no more than we have to,” Cerberus paused. “Do you understand me, Johal?”
	“Yes Cerberus,” Johal replied, diligently.

***

	Dan and Trayn reached the inn and found the door hanging only from one hinge. They made their way inside and what lay before them looked like the mess left after the worst bar brawl imaginable. 
	“Fuck!” Dan yelled, kicking out at the wall. “This is what they meant by a diversion.”
	“It's gotta' be Rasputin,” began Trayn. “We've been set up.”
	“What was that?” asked Dan. “I heard something over there,” Dan drew his sword and trod gently over to the other side of the room. He moved a table out of the way with his foot to find the barman lying in a pool of blood. “Ah shit, can you move?” he asked.
	“Not really,” the barman coughed. “It hurts.”
	“Looks to me like he's been bitten,” said Trayn, pointing to the barman's neck with the tip of his sword.
	“Then we haven't got much time,” said Dan. “Where did they take them?” He shouted at the dying barman. “What have they done with our friends?”
	“They... they said they were going...” the barman coughed once more, spitting out blood. “Their ship,” he said. “Back to... their ship.”
	“Our friend who came here a few days ago,” said Trayn. “Where did he go?”
	“The next village down the road,” replied the barman, coughing up more blood. “He knew you would come.”
	“Thank you,” said Dan, as Trayn brought the blade of his sword down heavily on the barman's neck, spraying Dan with blood.
	“Poor bastard,” said Trayn.
	“We need to get Pete,” said Dan, standing up and wiping blood from his face. “Then we need to get back to the Reaper.”
	“Agreed,” replied Trayn. “I'll get the ponies.”

***

	Dan and Trayn ran their steeds ragged. They were on an incredibly short time scale and needed to reach the next village as quickly as possible. It was five hours before they saw one or two plumes of smoke in the near distance.
	“OK this is it,” said Dan. “He's probably at the inn.”
	“That's where I'd be,” replied Trayn with a smile.
	“My point exactly,” said Dan as they stopped outside the inn. “I'll just be a minute mate.”
	“No worries,” replied Trayn, as Dan jumped down from his mount and entered the inn. He spotted Pete straight away, walked over to his table and sat down opposite him.
	“Mate,” Pete smiled with relief. “It's fucking good to see you.”
	“You don't know the half of it,” replied Dan. “We had no idea where you were.”
	“Me either,” replied Pete. 
	“You met Trixi's ancestor though?” said Dan, matching Pete's smile.
	“I did wonder how she knew who I was,” replied Pete. “Where is everyone else?”
	“Long story,” replied Dan. “We'll tell you on the way back.” The two reunited friends stood, and Pete picked up his belongings before they left. “You get that sword off a barman by any chance?”
	“Anyone would think you'd been following me,” laughed Pete, as they stepped outside.
	“This is Trayn,” said Dan. “If it wasn't for him then me, Tristian and K would be stuck in a prehistoric future.”
	“Nice to meet you man,” said Pete, nodding to Trayn. “How the hell did you end up there?” he asked, turning back to Dan.
	“Same way you ended up here,” replied Dan. “Janey sent us there to save our lives.”
	“Fair enough,” replied Pete. “I'll get my horse.”

***

	It was a much slower ride back to the Reaper, as two of the horses wanted to do nothing but rest. They reached the vessel just as night was closing in, the thin mist weaving its way through the forest once more. Dan remotely lowered the ramp, and the three men rode their horses on board.
	“The barman said Rasputin intended to get back to his ship,” said Dan. “I think we gotta' assume they're already in the air.”
	“I agree,” replied Trayn. “Where do you want me?”
	“On the guns,” replied Dan, turning to Pete. “You fancy getting us up in the air, pilot?”
	“Oh hell yes,” replied Pete. “It's been too long.”

***

	The Reaper took off with Pete at the controls, and was soon positioned in a low orbit, her cloak still engaged.
	“We have nothing on radar,” said Dan. “Rasputin must have his fleet cloaked.”
	“You think he'd have gone anywhere else?” asked Pete.
	“I doubt it,” replied Dan. “He strikes me as the kinda' guy who likes to win a little too much, and he won't see he's won until we've made a rescue attempt.”
	“How are we going to get them off his ship?” asked Trayn. “It's not like there's enough of us for a raiding party now is it?”
	“Mary knew who we were,” said Dan.
	“What's your point?” asked Pete, confused.
	“That means we're on the right time line,” Dan continued. “We can jump back to our time and get K to change the specifications of the Half-Light, then we can pull them off Rasputin's ship without having to board ourselves.”
	“We don't need to do that,” said Trayn. “Mary's related to Trixi and Janey, right? That means she probably has some power like they do.”
	“You think she'll help?” asked Dan.
	“Why wouldn't she?” Trayn replied. “She's family.”

***

	Pete set the Reaper down in the field behind Mary Walcott's cottage, and Dan was already running down to the cargo bay before the ramp had even been lowered. 
	“Put these horses in the stable man,” Dan shouted to Trayn as he alighted the vessel. He ran around to the front of the cottage, and hammered on the door.
	“You need my help,” Mary stated as she opened the door. “Tell me exactly what has happened.”
	“I'm not sure I can,” replied Dan, slightly breathless. “We'd made it as far as an inn, and were told by the barman of people going missing, always from a crossroads a little further down the road.”
	“So you and your friend, Trayn isn't it? You went to see if there was anything in this and came across a group of vampires,” Mary continued what Dan was saying. “But it was a trap, and Rasputin has taken the rest of you on board his flying ship. You need my help to retrieve them.”
	“That's right,” replied Dan. “Man you're good, it definitely runs in the family.”
	“Before we go, I have something for the girls, something which I hope will explain a lot for them,” Mary disappeared for a moment, before fading slowly back into Dan's vision. She was holding before her a book bound in leather. “This book will explain their beginnings, their end, and everything between.”
	“Well you can give it to them yourself,” said Dan. “You're coming with us, aren't you?”
	“I can do all I need to do from here,” replied Mary. “Within seconds of your flying ship being off the ground, your friends will be returned to you.”
	“Fair enough,” replied Dan. “Thank you for the book.”
	“Tell them,” Mary paused. “Tell them it is their book of shadows.”
	The Reaper lifted off and within seconds, the old woman's cottage was nothing more than a distant memory. Pete sat the Reaper in a high orbit around the planet.
	“Get shot of that cloak buddy,” ordered Dan. “Let's see if we can flush Rasputin out.”
	“Do we need to?” asked Pete as he did what was asked of him. “Flush him out I mean,” he paused. “I mean, do we even know how Mary is going to get everyone back here?”
	“I don't have a clue,” replied Dan. “But I suggest we make it as easy for her as possible.”
	“Fair play,” replied Pete with a shrug.
	“Where do you want me?” asked Trayn. “On the guns?”
	“Yes mate,” replied Dan. “As soon as we have our friends back here everything is fair game as far as I'm concerned so if you have a shot, take it.”
	“Yes boss,” replied Trayn, mocking a salute as he did so, much to Dan's amusement.
	“I have them on radar,” said Pete. “Looks like they thought that if we're not gonna' cloak then neither are they.”
	“Look closer,” said Dan, walking over to the scanner. “They didn't de-cloak themselves, they're trying to fight it.”
	“Mary?” asked Pete. 
	“I guess so,” replied Dan.

***

	“I did warn you,” Trixi yelled as she spat in Rasputin's face. “I told you that our friends would not sit around idly when they realised we'd been abducted.”
	Trixi had been chained in a cell alone, as had Janey. Everyone else had simply been thrown in a slightly larger cell and left.
	“I was counting on it,” Rasputin rasped.
	“You do realise that if you shoot that ship down, you are trapped here. We are your only possible way home but we need that ship.” Trixi was in a great amount of pain. She had been able to fight her captors off at first, but their greater numbers had eventually won through.
	“I quite like it here,” replied Rasputin. “Plenty of food walking around oblivious to our presence, and absolutely nothing by way of technology to fight us with.” He smiled a cold, heartless smile. “It's like... heaven.”
	“Let me loose and see how you like your fucking heaven then,” Trixi smirked.
	“My men have already defeated you in hand-to-hand combat once,” Rasputin paused. “I don't think you really want to go through that again.”
	“You're right,” replied Trixi. “Once I've got you out of the way I'll free my friends, and we'll have the element of surprise with us and take over your ship.”
	“I hope you're not actually telling me your plans?” asked Rasputin, a little taken aback. “Such an schoolboy error.”
	“Never was a schoolboy,” replied Trixi. “Of course I also may be playing on your vanity, biding my time until this happens.”
	Trixi shuddered as her bonds shattered. She pushed both arms out at Rasputin, and as she did so a brief yet intense blue light flashed from her hands, sending Rasputin tumbling backwards into the wall.
	“How the...” Rasputin stammered. “What is happening?” He threw the hood of his cloak back over his head.
	“You feel like going a round or two now?” asked Trixi. “Because something tells me you're getting a little... tired.”
	She tilted her head as she spoke and Rasputin, Lord of the vampires dropped to the floor, fast asleep. Trixi held her hands up in front of her face and stared at them intently. She could feel an incredible power flowing through her, her whole body tingling.
	She shook herself, realising that any wondering would have to wait until she was safely back on board the Reaper. She opened her cell door and stepped out into the corridor, as she did so the door to Janey's cell opened and Trixi's sister also stepped out into the corridor.
	“Did you..?” asked Janey, not really knowing what to say.
	“Yes,” replied Trixi. “I guess you did too?”
	“Yes,” said Janey, seemingly unable to wipe the huge smile from her face. The two sisters looked down the corridor, and saw Jemma and Sara step out of their cell, followed swiftly by K, Seline, Tristian, Secily and JD.
	“I have no clue what just happened,” said JD. “I'm just fucking glad it did.”
	“Don't pat us on the back just yet,” said Trixi. “We still have to get off this ship.”
	“Something tells me that isn't going to pose a problem,” said Seline.
	“How's Secily?” Janey asked.
	“She's OK,” replied K. “Shook up like the rest of us, but she'll survive.”
	“Good,” replied Trixi. “Now you guys go with Jemma and Sara down to the cargo bay, Janey and I are going to make a slight course alteration.” Trixi winked at Janey, and the two sisters turned and headed for the bridge.
	“OK,” replied JD. He looked at both Jemma and Sara, they had the same knowing smile spread across their faces as Janey and Trixi. “Take your time, I think we'll be alright,” he laughed.
	“You will,” Trixi said. “Now go.” Trixi and her sister watched them leave, and waited until they were out of sight before they set off themselves.
	“Do we have Mary to thank?” asked Janey.
	“We do,” replied Trixi.
	“It's amazing,” said Janey. “I've never felt so alive, I can feel... everything.” They rounded a corner, and came across a group of surprised vampires.
	“You're supposed to be locked up,” one of them spoke. “Hostages aren't supposed to...” He dropped to the floor, as did his companions, and Trixi and Janey carried on walking.
	“I don't think we're hostages any more,” said Janey, smiling at the slumbering body of the vampire as she stepped over him.
	The two sisters arrived on the bridge to find it deserted, having left countless sleeping vampires in their wake.
	“Are we going to put them in the Void this time?” asked Janey.
	“I think that's a good idea,” replied Trixi as she fiddled with a few switches. “I've set a course to take them past the Moon, so we need to open a gateway there, just out of orbit.”
	“Something tells me that opening a gateway won't be nearly as difficult as it was the first time,” said Janey.
	“A lot of things will be much easier,” replied Trixi as she clicked her fingers.
	“What the fuck...” Dan shouted, falling backwards out of his chair. “Fuck!” he shouted once more, standing up. “Where the fuck did you lot appear from?”
	“Sorry to scare you,” said Trixi with a smirk.
	“Who was scared?” muttered Dan. “I wasn't scared.”
	“It seems a few of our friends have developed extensions to their supernatural abilities,” said JD. “I take it you...” he paused when he saw Pete sat smiling at him.
	“Alright mate?” Pete laughed. “Miss me?” JD almost ran over to his friend and put his arms around him, planting a kiss on the top of his head.
	“Take that as a yes man,” said Dan as Janey walked over to JD and Pete, moved the former out of the way. She bent over to kiss Pete, although a much different kind of kiss to that given to him by JD. “So, new powers you say?” asked Dan, turning to Trixi. 
	“Yeah... I mean, I wouldn't even know where to start,” replied Trixi.
	“Well if it's going to help us out then I don't give a fuck,” Dan laughed. “We do however need to get Rasputin and his fleet back home.”
	“We're going to leave them in the Void,” replied Trixi. “In fact they're heading there now.” Her eyes glazed over as she stared intently at the scanner, and watched as just beyond the Moon something appeared. “I changed their course. All the ships will follow the flagship wherever she goes, and the auto-pilot is going to take them straight there.”
	“Nicely done Ma'am,” said Pete as he came up for air, moving Janey's hair out of the way so he could speak. “Mary gave us a book for you girls.”
	“She said it's your book of shadows, whatever the fuck that's all about.” Dan took over from Pete who once more had Janey seemingly stuck to his face. “I got the impression from her that it was something you need to look at, I mean I can get us home if you want to go and look at it?”
	“Thanks,” replied Trixi. “Where is it?”
	“In your quarters Ma'am,” said Dan as Tristian came up behind him and kissed his neck. “We're not in any rush to get home are we Ma'am?”
	“Not particularly,” replied Trixi.
	“Ah that's good,” said Dan as he stood up and took Tristian by the hand, the two of them running off the bridge, heading for their own quarters.

***

	The four sisters sat in Trixi's quarters. They weren't talking, simply staring at the book that lay on the table in front of them. It was difficult for them to process, yes they knew that they had possessed certain powers, but not one amongst them had imagined in their wildest dreams that they were... witches.
	“So,” Jemma said quietly after almost an hour. “I think we need to talk.”
	Almost another hour went by without the sisters saying a word, or even making eye contact with each other. They just stared at the book.
	“Witches?” asked Sara. “Is that what we are?”
	“I guess so,” replied Janey, for this was beyond even her comprehension. “I don't know where else this power could come from.”
	“But...” Sara paused. “Witches? It's like something out of a book, this sort of thing doesn't actually happen in real life, does it?”
	“Apparently it does,” replied Trixi. “It's not that hard to believe, not after all we've done, all we've seen.”
	“That's true,” said Janey. “I mean we have just escaped from a ship full of vampires.”
	“We made a deal with a group of werewolves,” added Jemma.
	“But this is just...” Sara stopped herself. 
	“I know,” replied Trixi, softly. “Are we going to open this book or what?” She reached out and stroked the leather cover, and indicated that her sisters should do the same. It was warm to the touch.
	“It's almost like it's alive,” said Jemma. “I can feel it. Let's open it.” She flicked the clasp open and turned the cover back. The pages inside were heavily worn, and yet at the same time were in perfect condition. Jemma read for a few moments.
	“The power comes from the book, but in order for there to be any power, you have to possess the power.”
	“That doesn't make any sense,” said Sara.
	“It does,” replied Trixi. “I get it, it means that if say Dan or Pete were to possess the book then that is all it would be, a book. But because of who we are it is a source of power.”

***

	Dan lit a cigarette and sat at the central console on the bridge, Tristian beside him.
	“Time to go home I reckon,” he said. “I don't know 'bout anyone else, but I'm itching to get into a fight.”
	“Amen to that,” Trayn shouted, happily.
	“How about our two pilots?” asked Dan. “Are we ready?”
	“Yes Sir,” replied JD and Pete simultaneously.
	“Then let's do this,” he flicked the com switch. “When you're ready K.”
	“Yes Sir,” K replied from the engine room. “Half-Light is engaged.”
	“Pete, JD,” Dan paused, relishing being back in command, albeit temporarily. “She's all yours.”
	Dan winked at Tristian, and the Reaper flashed from existence, leaving the past behind her, appearing less than a second later, occupying a high orbit around Omega.


Chapter Sixteen
Every Bad Girl Deserves a Spanking


	“We have an incoming message.” Pete turned to Dan as he spoke. “It's Cerberus.”
	“Put it on screen for me,” replied Dan, lighting a cigarette as Cerberus' image flashed up on screen.
	“Cerberus,” Dan said, smiling. “What can I do for you?”
	“Where is your Captain?” Cerberus asked.
	“She's here,” replied Dan. “Just ain't available to chat.”
	“I see,” replied Cerberus, coldly. “Then I suppose I shall have to talk to you.”
	“Well you can always call back,” Dan laughed, taking a drag on his cigarette.
	“That won't be necessary,” replied Cerberus. “I was merely calling to enquire as to the success of your mission.”
	“The blood sucker?” Dan asked. “He's trapped in the Void with the rest of his fleet. I'm pretty sure he'll find a way out eventually but we have time.”
	“Time enough to deal with Witter?” asked Cerberus.
	“I can't see that taking too long,” replied Dan.
	“I would not underestimate what Witter can do,” Cerberus paused. “He is extremely cunning and resourceful.”
	“Don't worry,” replied Dan. “We have a few equalisers up our collective sleeves.”
	“Such as?” enquired Cerberus.
	“Betty,” replied Dan. “She has done me proud many times.”
	“I can only assume that you are speaking of a weapon of some kind?” asked Cerberus. “I fear you may find this 'Betty' to be ineffective against a vampire.”
	“Are you trying to tell me that a vampire can withstand a blast from a rocket launcher?” Dan asked, a little shocked.
	“I hate to say it, but yes,” replied Cerberus. “You will find that there are only two ways to destroy a vampire, and neither of those is with a rocket launcher,” he paused. “Although I must admit, that is rather classy.”
	“She is,” Dan replied. “Now what are these two ways to kill a vampire?”
	“A bolt through the heart, not a wooden stake but a crossbow bolt, and beheading,” Cerberus said.
	“I see,” replied Dan.
	“I take it that is not what you were hoping to hear,” said Cerberus with a wry smile.
	“It certainly makes things a little more interesting,” replied Dan. “But it's not a huge problem.”
	“Well that is all I have to say,” said Cerberus. “I trust you will be in touch when you are ready to make your attack.”
	“We will,” replied Dan, as he cut the transmission.
	“Looks like we have some things to think about,” said Trayn after a few seconds. “You still got your sword?”
	“Yeah,” replied Dan. “Have you?”
	“Ain't never given up a weapon yet,” replied Trayn, moving his trench coat to the side to reveal his blade. Dan did the same, and winked.
	“Alright guys,” said Trixi, striding onto the bridge.
	“You just missed a call from Cerberus Ma'am,” said Dan, not turning around.
	“What did he want?” asked Trixi. 
	“He was just checking in,” replied Dan. “He did have some interesting things to tell us though.”
	“Really?” asked Trixi.
	“Yeah,” Dan turned around, and his jaw dropped. Trixi was dressed in thigh-high boots, an obscenely short skirt and the tightest top Dan had ever seen. He coughed violently out of shock.
	“Problem?” asked Trixi.
	“No Ma'am,” replied Dan, once he had regained his composure. “Loving the new look though I must say.”
	“Oh this?” Trixi looked down at herself, running her hands down her body. “The girls and me got a little carried away,” she chuckled. “What did Cerberus have to say that was so interesting?”
	“He told me the only two ways to kill a vampire,” replied Dan, unable to take his eyes off Trixi. “A crossbow bolt through the heart, or by beheading.”
	“Oh,” replied Trixi. “I guess we'd better get hold of a few crossbows then, eh?”

***

	Jemma sat at the desk in her quarters, poring over the book. She was dressed in a similar manner to Trixi, and kept standing up to rearrange her skirt. After a few times repeating this process she stood and closed her eyes. Upon opening them, her eyes glazed over and her skirt grew in length until it was touching the floor.
	“Much better,” she said quietly to herself, getting back to her reading. She turned page after page, absorbing every syllable. She didn't notice but soon the words themselves actually lifted off the pages as she read and she became surrounded by circling words and numbers, all of them entering her head. She began to feel the knowledge and the power that came with it, as if it was a very real part of her.

***

	“How you finding the book Ma'am?” Dan asked.
	“It's incredible,” replied Trixi. “It fills in a few gaps, I mean about the power that we knew we had. It explains where that comes from.”
	“Genetic is it?” asked Dan.
	“Sort of,” Trixi replied. “Using the book we can trace our lineage back almost four thousand years, although not every generation has had any power.”
	“Four thousand years?” Dan was shocked.
	“Some of the things that have happened in our family are amazing,” Trixi explained, a far away look in her eyes.
	“Then I guess you four now have to write your own piece of history,” replied Dan. “You want a cigarette?”
	“Thanks,” said Trixi, accepting a cigarette and a light from Dan. She took a drag, and looked down at the floor. “Did you see that?” she asked.
	“See what?” Dan said, also taking a drag on his cigarette.
	“I'm not sure,” she replied, still looking at the floor. “I swear the floor flashed green.”
	“You been smoking something else other than these cigarettes?” asked Dan, smiling. “Cos if you have then share the wealth.”
	“I'm being serious,” said Trixi, her eyes still fixated on the floor. “Watch.” Dan turned his eyes to the floor.
	“I don't see it,” said Dan after a few seconds, but just as he had finished speaking he witnessed a flash of light across the floor. It was not green this time however, it was a brilliant white.
	“You saw that, right?” asked Trixi.
	“I did,” replied Dan. “But what the fuck was it?”
	“You got me,” replied Trixi. “I'm gonna' find out though, you coming?”
	“Shit yeah,” said Dan. “I'm not missing out on the action.”

***

	Trixi ran towards the cargo bay with Dan in hot pursuit. Both were a little out of breath when they arrived, but found nothing that would explain the strangeness they'd just seen.
	“Quarters?” Dan panted.
	“Worth a go,” replied Trixi, also panting.
	Despite their breathlessness the two friends ran in the direction of the sleeping quarters. Nothing appeared out of the ordinary until they rounded the corner to Jemma's room. There was what looked like dry ice pouring out into the corridor, and flashing lights alternating between green and white.
	“Jemma!” Trixi yelled as she entered the room, but she soon stopped in her tracks. She saw Jemma hovering three or four feet off the floor, surrounded by the green and white lights. The lights appeared to be coming from her sister, as though lightning was coming out of her body.
	“What the fuck?!” Dan shouted as he too entered the room. Jemma turned to see the intruders, and shot them a look which quite literally knocked both Trixi and Dan off their feet.
	“Leave me,” she boomed, her voice unfamiliar. It had an eerie echo to it, and had dropped three or four octaves.
	“Jemma!” Trixi yelled once more. “What have you done?”
	“I have become all powerful,” Jemma replied. Trixi and Dan didn't hear the words, so much as feel them. “I have become all powerful and all knowing. It is my intention to rule this and every galaxy. There is nothing anyone can do to stop me.”
	The words left her mouth, and as they did so Jemma disappeared from existence, taking the light show with her leaving Trixi and Dan staring at a now empty room. All that was left was the book.

***

	“She's what?” asked Pete. “How did this happen?”
	“She had the book. She was reading it,” replied Trixi.
	“Well I think that should tell us something then” said Tristian. “That book is far too powerful to have on board.”
	“I agree,” said Trayn.
	“So do I,” Trixi agreed. “But one of my sisters is in trouble.”
	“She looked perfectly happy to me,” replied Dan. “Although wasn't she going on about ruling this, and every other galaxy?”
	“We have to stop her,” said Pete.
	“I need to read that book,” said Trixi as she stood up. “I need to discover what went wrong with Jemma.”

***

	Trixi sat alone in her quarters and although she knew Dan and Trayn were both keeping an eye on her, she didn't let them know. They were only looking out for her, and she knew that at the first sign of her showing similar behaviour to that shown by Jemma, both men would do everything they could to prevent her from taking it any further. It only served as small comfort though, because she knew she could overpower them both already, with or without any supernatural aides. 
	“Oh, that's interesting,” she mumbled to herself. She'd been reading for hours, and until now she had not been sure exactly what she was searching for. “That's very interesting.” She thumbed back a few pages through the book to cross reference what she'd just read. “That's interesting but very bad... very bad indeed.”
	She stood and left her quarters, carrying the book with her. In front of her she could her footsteps, most likely Dan or Trayn, and yet when she reached the bridge she knew they'd both be sat at their stations as if there was nothing wrong. She allowed herself a quick smile, and doubled her pace.
	“Everything alright Ma'am?” asked Dan as Trixi arrived on the bridge. “We were just thinking about coming down to see if you needed anything.”
	“I'm alright,” Trixi replied with a smile. “I think I have something though, certainly something that would explain what happened to Jemma.”
	“What's that?” asked Trayn. Trixi opened the book and read.
	“...and as for black magic, it is not the magic that is black, only the witch’s heart...”
	“So Jemma is evil, is that what we're saying?” asked JD.
	“She's my sister,” replied a forlorn Trixi. “I can't bring myself to agree with that.”
	“I notice that you aren't disagreeing either Ma'am,” said Dan as kindly as he could. “It's a shock to us all. Jemma is a friend to everyone on this ship.”
	“I know,” replied Trixi. “If we let this go too far though then there's no coming back for her.”
	“What are you saying?” asked Pete, placing his hand on Janey's hip as she stood next to him.
	“I'm not saying anything,” replied Trixi. “All I know is that we need to find a way to strip Jemma of her power.”
	“Any ideas?” asked Dan.
	“Not really,” replied Trixi. “We're all pretty new to this. There is something in here that goes on about binding a witch’s power, but it's pretty tricky shit.”
	“Which problem do we deal with first then?” asked Dan. “Rasputin is safely trapped in the Void, and I don't think he'll be going anywhere for a while, but we have both Witter and now Jemma to deal with.”
	“I know,” said Trixi. “I agree with you about Rasputin though, he isn't going anywhere. I think I know where Jemma is. Janey, Sara and I will go after her and, well I don't know what we're going to do yet.”
	“You want the rest of us to go after Witter?” asked Pete.
	“Yes,” replied Trixi. “But be careful of my ship.”
	“Don't worry Ma'am,” said Dan, smiling. “She'll be fine.”
	“Oh and watch out for Cerberus,” Trixi added. “I don't think we can trust him for shit. Once Witter is out of the way I think he will be another problem.”
	“Well we'll cross that bridge if and when Ma'am,” said Tristian. “The boys will do alright anyway, they have K and I to keep them in line.”
	Trixi smiled, and then looked at her two sisters. They shared a nod, and then they were gone.
	“Anyone wanna' talk about family problems?” asked Dan, laughing.
	“You got that right,” replied Pete.
	“Right then looks like we got work to do,” Dan said, turning to Seline. “You fancy putting a call through to Cerberus? I guess we're as ready as we're gonna' be.”
	“Yes Sir,” replied Seline.
	“I have something I think may come in handy,” said K. She had the smile she always had when she had been working with machines.
	“What you got for me K?” Dan asked, recognising the look.
	“Self-reloading triple action crossbows,” K beamed.
	“You fucking beauty!” Dan exclaimed. “Let us have a look then,” he lit a cigarette, and took the weapon out of K's hands. It was large and yet surprisingly light.
	“The bolts are the real deal,” K explained. “Just a hell of a lot smaller, should help out with speed and penetration. The firing mechanism is made from parts I harvested from the Half-Light Drive, just for extra durability, and you have maybe five hundred shots before you'll need to reload.”
	“This is impressive shit,” said Dan, tossing the crossbow over to Trayn.
	“So it's a point and pull deal?” Trayn asked, examining the weapon.
	“Just like any other gun,” replied K, still beaming with pride.
	“How many do we have?” Dan asked.
	“Four,” replied K. “That's all I had the materials for.”
	“Cerberus is ready to shut Alpha's shield down on your command Sir,” said Seline.
	“Sweet,” said Dan, stubbing his cigarette out on the floor. “Let's get tooled up.”

***

	Jemma stood and surveyed what she had done. She was pleased with what she saw. She had first created an island out of nothing. The ground had risen from the sea bed and now towered high above sea level, cliffs rose seventy feet into the air all around the island, sheer on all sides.
	She'd created a tower, a magical tower. She'd commanded the tower be built and it was so. From the foot of the tower it did not appear to be particularly big, but where Jemma now was at the top it may well have been the tallest building ever built.
	She needed an army, for Jemma was not unkind and felt that anyone who opposed her should have a chance to fight her. She saw an army as the best way to allow this, so she created a mechanical army four-hundred thousand strong, and they would serve only her.
	They stood at the foot of the tower, looking up at their mistress. Dormant. Waiting.

***

	“I reckon Witter is gonna' have the docks heavily guarded.” Dan had assembled the Reaper's remaining crew in the cargo bay, aside from Pete who would land the vessel before joining them. “We're going in two teams, me and Trayn will head straight for the Presidential Palace. JD I want you and Pete to keep those bastards off this ship.”
	“No worries,” replied JD with a nod.
	“K, I want you in the tank and as soon as those cargo bay doors are open we're gonna' need some covering fire, I don't care what you use, it's just to slow them down until we're on the outside.”
	“Yes Sir,” replied K.
	“As soon as we are outside close the doors, and don't let anyone but us back in.”
	“Docking in ten seconds,” Pete's voice came over the com. “She's on auto now, I'm on my way down.”
	“Ain't gonna' lie,” Dan continued. “This has serious potential of getting messy,” he paused. “Very fucking messy.”
	“What about me?” asked Secily. “What should I do?”
	“Get in the tank with K and Tristian,” Dan replied. “In fact get in there now, you too Seline, and if this goes arse up the tank should offer you all some protection.” Dan watched as Secily, Tristian and Seline clambered into the tank, and Pete arrived in the cargo bay. “Questions?” he asked, and was pleased when there was no response. “Right then, I guess we're ready to kick the shit outta' some bad guys.”

***

	“I told you to leave me alone!” Jemma screamed at the top of her voice. Trixi, Janey and Sara were hovering at her eye level. 
	“We can't do that Jemma,” Trixi shouted back. The wind at this altitude whipped the words straight off her tongue. “You have to stop this before you hurt yourself.”
	“I am in control!” Jemma screamed once more. “Now leave me alone.” As she spoke she shot fire from her mouth, sending her sisters tumbling backwards hundreds of feet in the air. They soon righted themselves however and floated gently back to where they had been.
	“We aren't going to fight you Jemma, no matter how hard you push we aren't going to fight you!” This time it was Janey who yelled as loudly as she could, trying to talk her sister out of doing something incredibly stupid.
	“Well then maybe you will fight them,” Jemma pointed down towards her army. “And how will you do that if you can't use magic?” As the words came out of her mouth, her three sisters plummeted to the ground below. Their descent ended abruptly a few inches above the floor, before Jemma released them and they landed on their feet.
	“Fuck!” Trixi yelled, as the mechanical army started to come alive. She leapt at the nearest of them, but as the metal soldier turned its arm caught Trixi aside her head and she fell to the floor, blood trickling down her face. “We need the book!” she shouted. “Without our power we have no hope at all.”
	“I have it here,” Sara knelt down beside Trixi and opened the book.
	“Whatever you're doing,” Janey paused. “Well we haven't much time.”
	“I know,” replied Sara. “Kneel down beside me Janey, we have to read.” Janey did so, and as the three sisters read silently to themselves, gigantic hulks of solid metal slowly closed in on them.
	The words began to lift themselves off the pages before the girls very eyes, and they could feel the power flowing into them. Trixi reached up and touched the side of her head. The blood was gone.

***

	Dan and Trayn stood at the foot of the steps that led up to the Presidential Palace and looked up at the countless vampires waiting for them to make a move. They had left many more in their wake, but this was different. Dan recognised a lot of the assembled vampires as Witter's personal guard. These weren't simply vampires, they were highly trained killing machines.
	“Next time we have a party,” Dan said, turning to Trayn. “Leave the fucking vampires off the guest list.” Trayn laughed, blood pouring from a gash on the side of his face.
	“Oh I dunno,” he replied. “Kinda' makes the evening interesting.”
	“On three?” Dan asked.
	“On three.” Trayn agreed. The two men charged, drawing their swords as they did so. They met the first of the vampires halfway and sliced and diced, chopping off limbs left, right and centre, but always finishing with the head. They were covered in blood by the time they reached the top of the steps, although thankfully not too much of it was their own. They stood breathless, and surveyed their handiwork.
	“You wanna' go again?” asked Dan, laughing.
	“I thought this was going to be difficult,” Trayn replied.
	“It ain't over yet my friend,” said Dan. “Not by a long way.”

***

	“Is that all you've got?” Trixi screamed at the top of her voice, as four-hundred thousand mechanical soldiers lay in various states of disrepair.
	“I'm only just getting started,” replied Jemma. “You can't win this, I have more power than the three of you combined.”
	“Is that a fact?” asked Trixi. “How about you and me go right now, hand to hand, one fall to a finish?”
	“You want to wrestle me?” Jemma scoffed. “With the power I possess you think that I would degrade myself by getting my hands dirty?”
	“Well it was worth a shot,” replied Trixi, as from behind Jemma, Sara and Janey rose up. Reaching out their hands encompassed her within an energy field, holding her, if only for a short while.
	“You realise that this won't hold me?” Jemma grimaced, fighting the energy field.
	“It'll hold you long enough,” replied Trixi.
	“No,” Jemma replied as she extended her arms, breaking the energy field and sending her sisters flying. “It won't.”

***

	“Is it just me?” asked Dan. “Or is there a distinct shortage of guards in here?”
	“Ain't just you mate,” Trayn replied. 
	“I guess Witter knew we were coming,” Dan laughed. “So much for the element of surprise.”
	“We're coming up on the main hall now,” said Trayn. “He's gotta' be around here somewhere.” Had Trayn looked up at that moment, he would have seen Witter crawling across the ceiling, matching their steps so as not to make any excess noise. Witter dropped, landing on Trayn and rendering him unconscious. Dan turned, his sword drawn.
	“I guess it's just you and me then,” he said calmly, looking down at Trayn's motionless body. “Ain't this how you've always pictured it?” He winked at Witter, and immediately dove towards him. Witter side stepped, Dan tumbled and rolled, turning to face the vampire once more.
	“You'll have to do better than that I'm afraid,” said Witter. “That attempt was almost laughable.”
	“Just testing the water,” replied Dan. “I want to enjoy this.”
	“As do I,” replied Witter. “As do I.”
	“Come on then,” Dan yelled. “Show me what the fuck you've got.”
	“As you wish,” Witter stood and Dan watched as his fingernails extended, and his top lip drew back. “Now we shall play.”
	“I'm not here for games,” Dan replied, but as he did so he felt Witter's fingernails gouge deeply into the side of his face. Dan hadn't even seen him move. He threw his sword down, and invited Witter to attack him once again.
	This time Dan saw him move, but still received a matching gouge on the opposite side of his face.
	“One more time,” said Dan, smiling maniacally. He saw Witter's every move this time and as the vampire thrust out at him Dan reached out and grabbed Witter's fist with his own, matching his power Dan squeezed and felt the bones in Witter's hand crunch.
	Without letting go, Dan began to pummel Witter's face with his free hand, laying punch after punch after punch, finally letting go he watched Witter stumble back.
	“How?” asked Witter, as Dan flicked his sword into his hand with his left foot and swung his right leg around, catching Witter again and knocking him off his feet. 
	“I told you I was going to enjoy this,” Dan said quietly, as he swiftly lowered his blade onto Witter's neck, watching as the vampire's head rolled a few feet before coming to a stop. “And I fucking did.”
	He spat on Witter's motionless body and then crouched beside Trayn's still unconscious frame. He threw his friend over his shoulders, and made his way back to the Reaper, picking his way through the bodies of fallen vampires as he did so. 
	“K,” he said into the com. “Me and Trayn will be there in five, get Pete and JD back on board and be ready for take-off,” he paused. “I wanna' get the fuck out of here.”
	“Yes Sir,” K replied.

***

	Dan arrived back at the Reaper, Trayn still thrown over his shoulders, and hit the close button as he walked up the ramp. He looked up to see Tristian running across the cargo bay towards him.
	“Is he alright?” she asked, concerned as Dan put him down on the floor.
	“He's fine,” Dan replied. “He just took a nasty knock is all, I'll take him down to the medical bay in a minute, there's something I have to do first.”
	“What's that then?” asked Tristian, and as she spoke Dan grabbed her and pulled her towards him, kissing her deeply.
	“That,” he replied, smiling as he looked deeply into her eyes.

***

	Jemma stood alone, waiting for her sisters to return. She knew they would, just as she knew exactly where they were. She knew she would win this battle, and she intended to drag proceedings out as long as she possibly could do, giving her sisters hope that they would succeed. They'd been at it for days now, the balance of power never really altering. In fact the only reason Trixi, Sara and Janey had lasted this long was their superior numbers. Jemma was impressed thus far, but she was certain that would not last for much longer.

***

	“She's...she's...” Sara stammered. “She's so strong.”
	“And she appears to be getting stronger,” replied Trixi. “I don't know what else we can do.” The three sisters were hiding out on the opposite side of the island to Jemma, trying to catch their breath.
	“We have to think of something,” Janey said, as breathless as her sisters. “If we don't, we're fucked.”

***

	The Reaper returned to her orbit around Omega, all her crew exhausted from the battle that had taken place only a few days previously. 
	“Have we heard anything from the girls?” asked Dan.
	“No mate,” replied Pete. “We don't even have a clue where they are.”
	“Don't think we got much to worry about though,” Dan said. “Pretty sure they can look after themselves.”
	“Yeah they've all proved that a few times,” said Pete, looking up to his console as a light started to flash. “Incoming message Sir, it's Cerberus.”
	“Do the honours then mate,” Dan replied. “Put him through.”
	“I assume your good lady Captain is otherwise engaged?” asked Cerberus.
	“Well good morning to you too Cerberus,” Dan replied. “And aye, your assumption is correct.”
	“She's left you in charge then?” Cerberus smiled wryly.
	“That's not a problem, is it?” asked Dan.
	“No not at all,” replied Cerberus. “After the way you dealt with Witter, I feel I am seeing you in a completely new light.” Cerberus winked.
	“Down boy,” replied Dan.
	“I hope that comment was not a dig at my lineage,” Cerberus was taken aback.
	“Now now,” Dan replied, calmly. “I'm pretty sure you know me better than that.”
	“Yes,” the werewolf stammered. “Yes of course,”
	“What can I do for you then Cerberus?” Dan asked, wanting to get to the point. The puppy was making him nervous.
	“I was simply wondering why you have sat idly around for the last few days, doing nothing in the way of disposing of Lord Rasputin,” Cerberus replied.
	“We're just catching our breath,” Dan replied. “It's been a hectic few days, and besides Rasputin ain't goin' anywhere.”
	“Quite,” replied Cerberus. “Well if there's anything we can do to help, you know where to find me.”
	“I think you'll need us before we need you.” Dan cut the transmission, and turned to Tristian. “Babe I need you to take JD with you down to the engine room, you're going to have to work around the clock with K trying to work out a way of getting us into the Void without a gateway.”
	“Sounds like a challenge,” replied Tristian. “You think it can be done?”
	“Anything can be done,” replied Dan. “Ain't gonna' be easy though. While you're busy with that, Trayn and I are going to check out Prima, kill us a few more vampires.”
	“I'll have K ready to make the jump as soon as possible,” replied Tristan, kissing Dan on his cheek before grabbing JD and heading for the engine room. Dan reached up to his cheek and touched where Tristian had placed her lips, completely forgetting about the deep cuts he'd sustained from the fight with Witter. He winced, and lit a cigarette to take his mind off it.

***

	The remaining vampires in the galaxy were at a loss. One of their leaders had been terminated, the other had disappeared without a trace and there was serious doubt amongst the vampire community as to whether Rasputin would return. For now they were simply bickering amongst themselves, but this would not last long. Whilst vampires were fiercely independent creatures, they also needed structure for their society to function properly. They needed a new leader, someone to take control, someone who would take a stand against their would-be oppressors and lead them into the future.
	This lead to multiple tussles for power resulting in many vampire deaths but the strongest amongst them stood back and let this continue, realising that they would need to save their strength.
	The vampires had divided into several factions but it boiled down to those who were willing to await Rasputin's return, and those who were not. They were so caught up in this that they forgot about anything else.

***

	“Picking up multiple life signs on the surface Sir,” Pete turned to Dan. “We got a whole lot of vampires down there.”
	“The more the merrier,” Dan replied with a smile. “Makes our job here a hell of a lot easier.”
	“I don't think they've even noticed us yet,” said Pete. 
	“Then let's surprise them,” Trayn said, laughing. “My sword arm could use some more exercise.”
	“They seem to be congregated in the centre of Two Rivers,” said Pete. “It looks like they're having some sort of meeting.”
	“Then I guess it's time to crash the party,” said Dan. “You think you can drop us down just outside Two Rivers without them noticing?”
	“Can't see that being much of a problem,” replied Pete. “There's a lot of them down there though.”
	“You don't think we can't handle it?” asked Trayn, offended.
	“I never said that did I?” Pete replied. “Just be careful.”
	“No worries,” replied Dan. “While we're gone, see if you can help out figuring a way to get us into the Void.”
	“I'll do what I can,” said Pete. “We'll be on the ground in thirty seconds.”
	“Then I guess that's our cue,” replied Dan. He and Trayn headed for the cargo bay, ready to exit the Reaper as soon as she touched down. “Keep in touch.”

***

	As soon as they were off the Reaper, Dan and Trayn headed for cover, wanting to make sure their arrival had gone unnoticed. They waited a few moments and when there was no movement anywhere around, they broke cover and headed into Two Rivers.
	There was no activity anywhere, Dan figured that whatever the vampires were doing, it was of the utmost importance.
	They came across the town square and hung around at the back of the huge crowd. At the top of the steps in front of the town hall a pedestal had been set up, and one of the vampires was speaking to the masses.
	“...and we must choose a leader,” he was saying. “I put it to you all that we as a committee select suitable candidates, and whomsoever is left standing shall lead us.” This received raucous applause from the crowd.
	“Fucking vampires,” Dan muttered under his breath. He and Trayn began to push their way through the crowd, no one paying them any attention until they reached the bottom of the steps. There were one or two guards preventing them going any further, but other than that security was lax.
	“Are you going to rush them or am I?” Dan turned to Trayn, whispering but instead of getting a verbal reply, Trayn responded by drawing his sword and running full pelt up the steps, sending the guards flying.
	Dan beheaded one then the other as they tumbled at his feet, watched as Trayn leapt several feet in the air, and before his feet touched the ground the head of the vampire who'd been making the speech was rolling down the steps. “I guess that's you then,” said Dan, pretty much to himself as he ran up the steps. The two men stood at the top and turned around to face the crowd.
	“I think we're in trouble now,” Trayn laughed.
	“Sorry for interrupting your party,” Dan shouted. “But we have an important message for you.” There was silence from the crowd. “You can't win this, there is no way that your race will defeat ours.” Still there was silence from the crowd, Dan was getting agitated. “What the fuck is wrong with you all?” he yelled at the top of his voice.
	“Maybe they don't understand,” Trayn said, quietly.
	“No,” Dan replied. “They understand me perfectly, don't you?” Dan eyed the crowd, he could tell that the vampires were less than happy. “I have a feeling things are about to get fucked up.” 
	“Well it's about time,” replied Trayn, as first one, then another, then every single vampire in attendance pounced.

***

	“Our combined power should be strong enough to hold her,” said Trixi, as she, Janey and Sara contemplated how to defeat their more powerful sibling. “The longer we take the more powerful she is going to become.”
	“So we hold her, then what?” asked Sara. She was tired, and could feel herself getting weaker.
	“Then you strip her of her power,” a familiar voice said from behind them. The three sisters turned to see Mary Walcott smiling back at them.
	“How are you here?” asked Janey. “Not that we aren't pleased to see you of course,” she added.
	“Oh I'm not really here dear,” Mary replied. “This is just a wee astral projection. Right now I'm sat in my kitchen, and I can't stay long, the kettle's on.”
	“So you're a hologram,” replied Trixi. “Visible, but non-corporeal.”
	“That's right dear,” Mary replied. “I have something to offer you however, just on loan mind.”
	“Well anything that you can do to help us,” replied Janey. “We are at a loss I'm afraid.”
	“So I see,” said Mary, kindly. “But you cannot lose faith, this sort of thing happens more often than you might think.”
	“How is it ever rectified?” asked Sara.
	“Usually with a binding spell,” replied Mary. “The witch in question isn't harmed in any way, but she can never use her powers again.”
	“That sounds like the kind of thing we need,” said Trixi.
	“Will that work in this case?” asked Janey,
	“I think it might,” replied Mary. “But you will need much more power than you have in order for the binding spell to be successful, and that is what I intend to loan you.”
	“Power?” asked Trixi. “Yours I assume?”
	“You assume correctly my dear,” Mary paused. “Your Mother was right about you, you really are beautiful.”
	“Mother?” Trixi didn't know what other response to give.
	“Oh yes, your Mother and I are firm friends,” Mary replied. “When you understand your powers more fully you will be able to communicate with her as well, and every witch that was and might be for that matter.”
	“Mother...” was all Trixi could say once more.
	“Enough of that though,” said Mary, shaking her head. “I haven't long here, this astral projection is taking a lot out of me, but go and confront your sister. By the time you reach her you shall have my power, and then you will know what to do.”
	“Thank you,” Trixi was crying, tears streaming down her face. “Thank you so much.” Mary Walcott faded slowly away.
	Trixi wiped away her tears and out of the corner of her eye noticed her sisters doing exactly the same.
	“Right,” she said, shaking sense into herself as she spoke. “You girls ready?” her sisters nodded, still crying. Trixi led them back towards Jemma, and as they grew closer they could feel the power growing inside them. By the time they reached Jemma the tears were gone, and they were all wearing their game faces.
	“Ready for round two are you?” Jemma asked as she watched her sister’s approach.
	“We have come to offer you a choice,” the three sisters spoke as one. “Either relinquish your powers, or we shall take them from you.”
	“Learned some new tricks I see,” said Jemma, unperturbed. “Unexpected, but it is not the end of the world.”
	“Do not play for time, for we are now one. Relinquish your power, stand down and all will be well.”
	Jemma responded by clicking her fingers, which sent a ball of blue flame hurtling towards her sisters, who seemed to absorb the flame before breathing out, sending the same flame back towards Jemma, knocking her from her feet.
	“Now,” Jemma paused. “That is new, but let's see what else you've got.”

***

	The battle carried on for an hour, the balance of power tipping first one way and then the other, but it was the three who prevailed. They'd suspended Jemma several feet in the air and were stood around her forming a triangle. None of them spoke, for their power was beyond words but by the time Jemma was lowered to the ground and released from her magical prison, she had no power whatsoever.
	Trixi, Sara and Janey felt Mary Walcott's power leaving them, and although they still held their own power, they were completely drained. Jemma, on her knees between her sisters looked up with tears in her eyes.
	“I'm sorry,” she whimpered, as her three sisters crowded around her, all of them saying the same thing.
	“It's alright.”

***

	Dan and Trayn sat at the top of the steps outside the town hall, staring down at the huge pile of vampire corpses. They weren't without injury themselves, Dan had a dislocated shoulder and Trayn was missing three fingers on his left hand, but other than that they were unharmed.
	“You want a cigarette?” Dan asked, offering Trayn the packet and grimacing with pain as he did so.
	“Thanks,” replied Trayn taking the packet of smokes. “That was a good crack.”
	“Yeah,” replied Dan. “We let too many of them escape though.”
	“We'll get them,” said Trayn. “Eventually,” he added.
	“Yeah, I guess you're right.”
	“Damn straight.”
	“You guys still with us,” Pete's voice came through on the com. “A few ships got past us, we were cloaked and I don't think they clocked us.”
	“Good to hear your voice mate,” replied Dan. “We're all done down here.”
	“We've managed to rig the Half-Light to make a jump into the Void,” said Pete.
	“I sense a but,” replied Dan, wincing with pain as he took a drag on his cigarette.
	“It's a one-way trip.”
	“That the best we can do?” asked Dan.
	“I'm afraid so,” replied Pete. “Anyway, we're coming down to get you.”

***

	The Reaper set down in the town square. Dan and Trayn didn't move until they saw the ramp drop to the ground. They stood and walked slowly over to the ship. As he was walking up the ramp, Dan rammed his shoulder into a girder to click it back into position, and almost passed out with the pain.
	“Gaahh!” he cried out. “Fuck me that fucking hurt.” He and Trayn made their way to the medical bay and whilst Dan swallowed half a packet of painkillers, Trayn bound his injured hand. Not saying a word they headed for the bridge.
	“Looks like you boys had fun,” said Tristian, grabbing hold of Dan around his waist and kissing him.
	“It was one hell of a party,” Dan replied. “So, a one way trip?”
	“I don't know why we even need to bother with him now,” said Tristian. “He's safely trapped in there.”
	“I don't think even the Void will hold Rasputin,” said Dan. “But we need to find a way to come back.”
	“What are we going to do if he's not in there?” asked K. “And more to the point if he isn't in there why haven't we detected him?”
	“From what I understood of Janey's explanation, once in the Void you can essentially gain a free pass to any dimension,” said Dan. “Providing you have the means.”
	“And you think that Rasputin could have found a way to break into a different dimension?” asked Pete. 
	“Well we managed to get out of the Void and back here,” Dan replied. “So it stands to reason that a guy as resourceful as Rasputin would manage to do the same.”
	“But why would he come back to a dimension where people are gunning for him?” asked Trayn.
	“Exactly,” replied Dan. “K, can we send a probe into the Void?”
	“It's going to be a very short window to get any information back,” K replied. “But yes we can.”
	“There should be nothing else in there,” replied Dan. “So if we get a reading back we can assume that it's Rasputin.”
	“I'll get on it,” replied K.
	“Good,” said Dan. “Because assuming we have to travel to an alternate dimension to fetch him back here, I know how to get back.”
	“How?” asked K.
	“The Half-Light Drive generates a temporary black hole, which the ship travels through instantly coming out the other side, right?” Dan asked.
	“Pretty much,” replied K.
	“Then all we're gonna need to get back is an actual black hole.”
	“Fingers crossed,” said K, as the probe was launched. “It should enter the Void in a few seconds.”
	“How long a window do we have?” asked Dan.
	“A matter of seconds,” replied K. “Five seconds maybe?”
	“So when you said a small window...”
	“That's what I meant,” replied K, smiling. The probe disappeared, and the crew watched the display hopefully.
	“Nothing,” said Pete. “Absolutely nothing at all.”
	“Fuck,” Dan shouted out. “He's found a way to break through.”
	“Wait,” JD said. “There's a delayed reading coming through, it looks like there is still a window open to get out the other side.”
	“OK then we're going to have to take it,” said Dan. “But we shouldn't all go, there's still bad guys to fight.”
	“I reckon you and me mate,” said Trayn. 
	“I agree,” replied Dan. “The rest of you should stay here, hole up on Prima and wait for Trixi and the others, since I'm pretty sure that this is where they'll come.”
	“Are you sure Sir?” asked K.
	“I am,” replied Dan. “You guys know what to do though, right?” he paused. “As soon as you get yourselves a ship, you know what to do?”
	“Yes Sir,” replied Pete. “We'll get you back here.”
	“Too fucking right we'll get you back here,” said Tristian, grabbing Dan around his waist once more and pulling him in to kiss him. “You'd better make sure you come back soon, I've got big plans for us.”
	“You think I'm gonna' miss out on those?” asked Dan, winking.

***

	Only Dan and Trayn remained on board the Reaper, the rest of her crew were on the ground far below.
	“You ready for this mate?” asked Dan.
	“Someone's gotta' look after you,” replied Trayn, smiling. 	“Engaging Half-Light.” The Reaper flashed out of existence.


Chapter Seventeen
Alternate Universe


	“Look.” Ged could see the Officer was getting extremely agitated. “This isn't fucking Hollywood. This isn't the fucking Men in Black. This is real fucking life.”
	“Yes Sir,” replied Ged.
	“You joined this organisation knowing full well what it is that we do.” The Officer paused, apparently waiting for Ged to respond.
	“Yes Sir,” replied Ged. “Although when I responded to the advert I honestly thought it was a joke.”
	“Most people do,” the Officer conceded. “But you could have walked away.” True enough, he could've walked away, it's not as if he hadn't had ample opportunity to do so. But Ged was not a walk away kind of guy, and in all honesty he would be absolutely crazy to do so. The Earth Defence Commission (or Economic Diversity Centre as it was known to the outside world), was the number one employer on the planet. No one in the outside world knew exactly what went on inside their vast headquarters, and those that claimed to were purely speculating. 
	A month ago Ged had been ambling through life, leading a rather hollow existence. He'd been working the Drive-Thru at McDonald's, Milton Keynes, when the advert had jumped out of the page and slapped him in the face, not literally of course, as that kind of thing doesn't really happen.

'Wanted – Person or Persons to aid in the defence of Earth in the event of an Extra-Terrestrial Attack'

	Ged really had thought it to be a joke, and considered his options long and hard before he called. He almost choked on his chocolate and vanilla milkshake when he got a phone call a couple of hours later, asking him to attend an interview that very afternoon. He'd caught a train to St. Pancras station and then on the tube to Piccadilly.
	He'd been told that a contact would meet him outside the front entrance to Tower Records, and he'd be taken to his interview from there.
	What happened next Ged really hadn't been expecting. The pavement in front of him quite literally opened up. There was a hole no more than a metre square, and slowly a balding head appeared. The balding head soon became a middle aged man.
	“Mr Harris?” he asked.
	“Wha...” Ged managed to reply.
	“Mr Ged Harris?” the Man asked once more, apparently ignoring the fact that Ged seemed to be speechless. He clicked his fingers in front of Ged's face.
	“Yeah...” Ged said. “Yes I'm Ged Harris,”
	“Please step onto the plate.” Ged did so gingerly, and they began a slow descent. He stared up at where they had come from and watched as the pavement replaced itself. “You're wondering why no one seemed to notice that I appeared from nowhere, aren't you?” asked the Man.
	“Yes,” replied Ged.
	“You will soon find that people see what they want to see, and believe what they want to believe,” the Man explained. “Would you believe that there was a sixty storey lift outside the entrance to Tower Records had you not just got onto that very lift?”
	“I'm not entirely sure I believe it at all,” replied Ged.
	“There's going to be a lot of that over the next few weeks for you,” said the Man, laughing loudly. “It's what we call on the inside, a Mindfuck,”
	“That's an official term is it?” asked Ged, a hint of sarcasm evident in his voice.
	“There's a whole day of training dedicated to Mindfucks,” explained the Man. “I'm Eddy by the way, Eddy Stokes.” Ged held out his hand.
	“Pleased to meet you,” replied Ged.
	“We're here,” said Eddy. Ged wondered how he knew. There were no lights visible, and nothing had been said through speakers of any kind. This time the lift doors opened in front of him. “Welcome, to the Economic Diversity Centre.”

***

	Ged was now coming to the end of his fourth week of training. It was Mindfuck day.
	“This is your last chance kid.” The Officer leaned down in front of Ged, filling up his entire field of vision. “This is your last chance to walk away.”
	“I'm staying,” replied Ged, calmly.
	“Good.” The Officer stood and strode to the front of the room. Sat before him were seven people in addition to Ged, four of them female. The Officer prepared himself to address his class. 	“Now I know that all of you were taught about Mindfucks on your first day. Eddy likes to think he can scare a few of you away and sometimes it works, but for you eight individuals it didn't and you're all still here. The Mindfuck is the last stage of your training. Tomorrow you'll all be assigned to field agents and sent out into the big wide world to make your respective fortunes.”
	Ged looked at his watch, and then looked again. That couldn't be right. He had only been sat in the room for fifteen minutes at the most, but his watch showed five fifteen in the evening. He looked around the room, and everyone else seemed to be as puzzled as he was.
	“So,” asked the Officer. “You have all completed Mindfuck training, and may I say you have all done very well indeed.” The Officer looked around at his students. “Class dismissed.”

***

	“I have one rule. Don't mention your Mindfuck training.” Ged listened as Field Agent Sara Bates spoke to him. He'd been assigned to her. The EDC assigned newbies to field agents to further their training, because as it was correctly surmised, there is only so much that can be learned in a classroom environment. Field Agent Sara Bates had been with the EDC for fourteen years, and had apparently been given the rank of Field Agent faster then anyone else in EDC history. It had taken her less than a year. Field Agent was the rank that most people entering the EDC aspired to, as they saw the most action and commanded a handsome salary without the bureaucracy that went with any higher position.
	Sara Bates was the best, and she knew it. “You must work out the Mindfuck Training for yourself, and until you do you will not be a Field Agent, you will simply be my pupil, do you understand?”
	Ged nodded.
	“Good,” replied Field Agent Sara Bates. “Now, for ease you may call me Sara.”
	“Thanks,” replied Ged.
	“I received a call this morning from the top brass,” Sara continued. “It appears there has been a security breach within the organisation. I was called because I'm the best and as you are with me, you will soon be as good if not better than me. Our task is to locate the source of this breach.”
	“What do we do once we find it?” asked Ged.
	“We eliminate the source,” replied Sara without flinching. “Now I've made some calls, and I believe that the breach took place in one of our off-world bases, most likely Charon Base.”
	“Excuse me?” Ged was shocked. “We have off-world bases?”
	“Is this a problem?” asked Sara.
	“It was my understanding that we had only set foot on one other interstellar body,” Ged replied.
	“The Moon landing?” asked Sara with a light chuckle. “Yeah that never happened, not officially anyway. I mean we have been to the Moon. God we've been everywhere, but July twentieth, nineteen sixty-nine? That was fabricated. There were rumours going around the globe that there was a military base on the Moon, so we set up the landing to stop those rumours.”
	“Is there a base on the Moon?” asked Ged.
	“Since before the First World War,” replied Sara.
	The only response Ged could give was, “Oh...”
	“As you have no knowledge of our off-world bases, I assume that you have never traveled to one?” Sara asked, not at all phased by Ged's reaction.
	“Erm... yeah...” replied Ged, still in shock.
	“Well you soon will have,” began Sara. “We're leaving now.” Ged followed Sara Bates out of the room and down the corridor outside. After a few feet she stopped and presented her security clearance to something resembling an ATM. A seemingly blank section of the wall slowly vanished before Ged's eyes revealing another corridor, much like a tunnel dotted here and there with metal plates of some kind, placed at apparently random intervals. Ged followed Sara down the tunnel. It was much longer than he'd originally thought.
	As they progressed down the tunnel, Ged noticed more and more metal plates, some of them seemed to be moving, as if they were locking into position as he and Sara walked underneath them.
	Ged considered asking Sara about the plates, but she seemed to him to be in a world of her own so he decided to leave that until later. A few moments later they reached the end of the tunnel and a set of doors slid open for them to walk through. They emerged from the tunnel onto a corridor, identical to the corridor they walked down before entering the tunnel. They were greeted by a man dressed in a similar fashion to Sara, Ged guessed correctly that he was another Field Agent.
	“Sara, good to see you. I see you have brought a friend along with you.”
	“Hi Max,” replied Sara. “This is Ged, he's a rookie.” Ged held out his hand, Max took it and shook vigorously. “You know why we're here?” Sara continued.
	“Yes,” replied Max. “I make it my business to know everything that's going on Sara, you know that.” Max winked.
	“Well just make sure you stay out of my way,” said Sara, coldly. She strode off down the corridor. Ged followed her diligently, leaving Max behind. They turned a corner, and were greeted by an enormous window, the length and height of the corridor. 
	“What's that?” Ged stopped and stared in awe, looking out at what looked like hundreds of thousands of planets.
	“The Kuiper Belt,” replied Sara. “We're well past the furthest planet in our Solar System, all there is between us and countless other systems is the belt of rocks and ice, and another much bigger belt of rocks and ice.”
	“So... what?” Ged couldn't believe it. “We're on another planet?”
	“Technically no,” replied Sara. “Charon is a Dwarf Planet, but it is the largest body this far out.”
	“I see,” replied Ged.
	“Until we enter other solar systems of course,” Sara added.
	“What?” Ged cried, shocked once more.
	“You have a lot to learn Ged,” Sara said kindly. “And I'll teach you everything I know.”
	“How did we even get here?” asked Ged.
	“That tunnel we came down is essentially a transporter. There's one of those on every planet, dwarf and moon in our system,” explained Sara. “It works on a psychic level, as you enter the tunnel you know where you're going, and assuming there is a tunnel where you want to go, then you arrive there without feeling a thing.”
	“There's one on every planet?” Ged asked.
	“Yes,” replied Sara. “Einstein drew up the plans around the turn of the twentieth century and within five years he was standing on the moon looking back at the Earth.” She looked at Ged, who was still in apparent disbelief. “You need to forget everything you thought you ever knew about the universe,” Sara continued. “Start from scratch. That's the way most people deal with it.”
	“It sounds to me like the only way I'm going to be able to deal with it,” replied Ged.
	“That's the spirit,” replied Sara. “Now, let's see if we can't get some work done, eh?”
	“Has there been a situation like this before?” asked Ged.
	“We get security leaks all the time,” Sara explained. “That's where every conspiracy theory comes from, when we don't get there in time and a little information is leaked.”
	“This sounds like quite a big leak though,” said Ged.
	“It is,” replied Sara. “Plans for a mission into the Oort Cloud have been stolen, but I don't think they've left this base yet, that's why we're here.”
	“Why do we want to go into the Oort Cloud?” asked Ged.
	“Our readings show that eighty percent of the cloud is made up of ice,” Sara explained.
	“Real ice?” asked Ged.
	“Enough to solve the water crisis on Earth,” replied Sara.
	“What water crisis?” asked Ged.
	“Remember...” began Sara. “You need to forget everything you've ever learned about the universe, that includes things about Earth. As a race, humans are fucked. There are plans afoot to colonise the Solar System publicly within five years.” She saw the petrified look on Ged's face. “Like I say, don't worry about it. Follow me.”
	Sara headed down the corridor and through the door at the end. She began to lead Ged down another, similar corridor but stopped at the first door on their left. Ged noticed her draw a firearm. “This is it,” she whispered. “On the other side of this door is the office of Colonel Mark Sanders. He's supervising the Oort Cloud Mission, and I guarantee that we'll find incriminating evidence in his email.”
	“How do you know?” asked Ged, matching Sara's whisper.
	“Trust me,” she replied, knocking on the door.
	“Come,” was the reply.
	“Colonel Sanders,” Sara addressed the Colonel as she and Ged entered the room. “If there's no objection from you Sir, I'd like to check your email.”
	“Why would I let you do that?” replied Sanders.
	“Because if you don't I'll have you arrested,” replied Sara. “And also because of this,” she said, calmly raising her left arm and pointing her firearm directly at the Colonel's head.
	“What is the meaning of this?” The Colonel yelled. “How dare you come in here and threaten me?”
	“I do dare,” Sara replied, and as an afterthought added, “Sir.” Sara motioned to Ged who was standing a little dumbstruck. “Log onto his email.” Ged moved towards the Colonel's computer, and quickly opened the computer's email account.
	“There's no password,” Ged smiled. Sara shook her head at Colonel Sanders.
	“Now that's not very security minded, is it?” she asked, still shaking her head. “Anyone could just walk in here and log on, like our friend Ged here, isn't that right, Ged?”
	“There's an email here to an unknown recipient,” said Ged. “Apparently the Colonel here claims to be able to have the plans with his unknown friend within two days.” Sara pulled the trigger, and Colonel Mark Sanders slumped on his desk, a single bullet hole through the centre of his forehead.
	“Let's go,” Sara ordered. “Get the hard drive out of his computer and we're out of here.”
	“What happens now?” asked Ged, as the two of them strode towards the transporter.
	“We hand this hard drive over, and then the police will make the pick up. Whoever Sanders was emailing can't be allowed to have the chance to do anything with that information. The police will take the recipient to a secure location, and then we'll execute whoever it is.”
	“That's not very humane,” replied Ged.
	“When global security is at stake, there's no room for being humane.” Sara ushered Ged into the transporter. 
	“I guess,” muttered Ged. Sara stopped suddenly and Ged carried on a few paces before he realised that she had done so.
	“Look,” she said. “I know this is kinda' hard for you to deal with, we've all been there but there are certain things that we have to do.”
	“I get that,” replied Ged. “It just takes a bit of getting used to I suppose.”
	“You'll get there,” said Sara, kindly. “You've got me to help you along.” She smiled and carried on walking towards the end of the transporter.
	“Are we back on Earth now then?” asked Ged as they reached the end of the transporter.
	“Yes,” replied Sara. “You feel like something to eat?” she asked, adding, “My shout.”
	“Thanks,” replied Ged.

***

	“So what happens now?” Ged asked, tucking into his tuna salad sandwich.
	“Well we have nothing else assigned to us today,” replied Sara. “Damn looks like I spoke too soon.”
	Sara took her mobile phone from her jacket pocket and answered it. Ged hadn't heard it ring, he guessed Sara must set it to vibrate only.
	“I see, we'll be there right away.” She hung up the phone and put it back into her pocket. “Looks like you're finishing that on the way.”
	“Where are we going?” asked Ged.
	“Europa,” replied Sara.
	“Another situation?”
	“Yes,” replied Sara. “But this is a new one on me as well, I'm not even sure I'm the best to explain it to you, so let's get out there so we can both find out what this is about.”

***

	Ged sat silently and listened as Sara spoke to the other two men in the room. Both were around six feet tall, one had dreadlocks, very well kept ones at that, and matching scars on either side of his face. The other looked like personal hygiene was an alien concept to him, his black hair matted tightly to his head, and Ged noticed that his left hand was tightly bound. 
	They'd appeared in orbit around Europa a couple of hours ago and from what Ged could gather they had somehow crossed over a dimensional barrier. They claimed to have been sent to prevent a war.
	In their dimension, Mankind had not reached the same technological point for centuries, and they were both openly impressed with the facility they now found themselves in.
	“What do you think?” Sara asked.
	“I think that I'm the wrong person to ask,” replied Ged.
	“What does your instinct tell you?” asked Sara.
	“That they're telling the truth, despite how crazy they sound,” Ged conceded.
	“I agree,” said Sara. “They have intimate knowledge that there is no possible way they could know unless they had travelled further down the time line in this dimension.”
	“So we're believing them are we?” asked Ged.
	“Yes,” replied Sara. “We are.” Ged followed Sara back into the room. “Apologies for the brief interlude gentlemen.”
	“No worries,” replied the guy with well kept dreadlocks, Ged assumed him to be the senior party of the two. “So what happens now?”
	“You tell us,” replied Sara. “How about first, though, tell us who the fuck you are?”
	“I like her,” the same guy whispered. His companion smiled, and stood up before speaking.
	“I'm Trayn,” he said. “Also known as 'The Ranger', and my friend here, a man who's tried to kill me on more than one occasion although only once on purpose, is Dan.”
	“Your ship is extremely impressive,” said Ged. “What do you call her?”
	“The Reaper,” said Dan. “Ain't actually our ship, she's been loaned to us by a very good friend.”
	“I see,” said Sara.
	“OK that's enough of this small talk bullshit,” said Trayn. “We're here for a reason, so let's get on with it so we can get the fuck back home.”
	“Calm down bud,” Dan replied. “I'm on it.” He paused before continuing. “Europe is going be destroyed.” Dan let this sink in for a moment, but the blank looks on Sara and Ged's faces told him he would have to do better than that. “In about forty-eight hours, your long range scanners will pick up on a small shower of meteors heading straight for you. Thirty-six hours later you will realise that it is not a meteor shower, but instead a small fleet of ships.”
	“Alien ships?” asked Sara. “We have nothing but allies in this sector and all those surrounding.”
	“That's true,” replied Trayn. “These guys have come a very long way to pay you a visit.”
	“How far?” asked Ged.
	“As far as we have,” replied Dan. “That's why we are here, it's our fault.”
	“Your fault?” asked Sara. 
	“We have many enemies in our own dimension, and tried to make our life easier for a while by trapping one of 'em in the Void that lies between dimensions. That backfired though when it appears the sneaky bastard managed to break out  into this dimension,” 
	“So now you're here to rectify your mistake?” asked Ged.
	“That's right,” replied Dan. “We're going to help you stop this war before it happens.”
	“Who is this enemy?” asked Sara.
	“In our dimension they ruled Earth for over two hundred years, then tried to take over every other human world in the universe. They weren't doing too bad a job really, not too many of 'em left now though,” Dan replied. “They're led by a guy you might have heard of, Rasputin.”
	“Excuse me?” asked Ged, shocked.
	“They're vampires,” replied Dan. “And he is their Master.”
	“Vampires?” asked Sara, not sure she had heard Dan correctly.
	“That's what I said,” replied Dan. “Look I was sceptical as fuck when I was first told, but it's the truth.”
	“Well isn't it quite easy to kill vampires?” asked Ged. “Hang some garlic up before you go to bed, wear cross around your neck, wooden stake through the heart?”
	“Maybe in the movies,” Dan laughed. “But there are only two ways to kill a vampire, the easiest of those is to behead it.”
	“What's the other way?” asked Sara.
	“A crossbow bolt through the heart,” replied Dan. “And don't ask me why that is any different to a wooden stake, it just is.”
	“Fair enough,” replied Sara. “So we have forty-eight hours before we see any sign?”
	“Give or take,” replied Trayn.
	“Do you have any battle ready vessels?” asked Dan.
“Just the one,” replied Sara. “But I'm not sure we'll be able to get it in time.”
	“Why not?” asked Dan.
	“The Russians have it,” replied Sara.
	“We might be able to get another,” said Trayn, much to Dan's surprise.
	“Might we?” he asked.
	“The Marie Celeste,” replied Trayn.
	“Well fuck me!” Dan cried out. “Of course that depends on how similar this dimension is to our own.”
	“You've lost me,” said Sara, her head turning left and then right, trying to keep up with the conversation.
	“The Marie Celeste,” Dan said. “She was my first command.”
	“But more importantly,” Trayn interrupted Dan and his reminiscing. “It was the ship that the vampires used the first time they visited Earth, in our dimension anyway.”
	“The first time,” said Sara, shocked. “When have they been here before?”
	“Sometime in the Eighteenth century,” replied Dan. “I can't remember the exact date but that ain't really important. What is important is that we get back to our ship and go and pick up the Marie Celeste, assuming she's there.”
	“We're coming with you,” said Sara, much more excitedly than she had intended. “Sorry.”
	“I was gonna' invite you along anyway,” said Dan, winking at Sara. “You coming too mate?” he asked Ged.
	“I guess so,” replied Ged.
	“From one extreme to the other,” replied Dan, as Trayn burst out laughing. “We best go, kinda' on a tight schedule.”

***

	Five minutes later they were on board the Reaper. Sara and Ged stared in awe as neither of them had actually ever been on board a space ship, let alone one as advanced as the Reaper.
	“You got those co-ordinates mate?” Dan asked Trayn.
	“Yeah, we're gonna' have to jump twice though,” replied Trayn.
	“I figured as much,” replied Dan. “Not a problem though,” he turned to Sara and Ged. “You guys ready?”
	The Reaper disappeared from her orbit around Europa, instantly reappearing in the empty space between the Milky Way and Canis Major.
	“That was intense,” Sara breathed. “I've never experienced anything like it.”
	“You should have a go on me then,” Dan replied with a wink. “But enough of that, we're about to go again. On your mark bud.”
	“We are go,” replied Trayn.

***

	“How many of them remain?” asked Cerberus, his ship in a high orbit around Prima.
	“The warriors are gone Cerberus,” replied Johal. “And there is no sign of the witches.”
	“That is pleasing news,” the werewolf drooled, smiling as he did so.
	“Would you like us to land?” Johal asked, pleased to see  his master appeared to be coming to his senses.
	“Not yet,” Cerberus replied. “I want to be sure that their warriors and witches are not going to return in a hurry.”
	“The longer we wait, the more likely they are to return,” Johal snapped, angrily.
	“Do not take that tone with me Johal,” Cerberus replied, the same calm tone as always. “I shall have no trouble finding a replacement.” Cerberus watched as Johal turned and stormed away. He allowed himself a smile.

***

	Pete sat with his back against the wall and lit a cigarette. He and JD had been taking turns in keeping watch. They weren't expecting trouble of any kind, but that's generally the time trouble came looking. They'd taken refuge in Tristian’s bar, or what was left of it at least, as it was the easiest building in Two Rivers to defend.
	One way in, and one way out. 
	“Anything?” Tristian stepped out of the door.
	“Nope,” replied Pete, taking a drag on his cigarette. “How's the clean up going?”
	“It goes,” replied Tristian. “I can't believe how much of a mess they made, I don't think there's an intact table in the place.”
	“Fucking vampires.” Pete stared out into the distance, from this point he could see the much of the steep hill that rose up at the back of the town. There was a thick mist rolling down the hillside.
	“Here it comes again,” said Tristian, following Pete's gaze. “I don't remember the mist ever being quite so thick.”
	“There's a lot that's changed lately,” replied Pete. “Fuck it. There's nothing going on out here, I could use a drink.”
	“What was that?” asked Tristian, as Pete went to go inside.
	“I'm sure it was nothing,” replied Pete.
	“I'm sure I heard something,” Tristian insisted. She and Pete both listened, cocking their heads to one side, and sure enough the unmistakeable howl of a werewolf on the hunt could be heard in the distance.
	“That's bad,” Tristian stammered. “Very, fucking, bad...” The two of them ran inside.
	“We have company,” he shouted.
	“Who?” JD replied as he was waking up.
	“At a guess I'd say Cerberus,” Pete replied. “But I won't be asking for ID if it comes down to it.”
	“Werewolves?” K asked.
	“Yuh huh,” Tristian replied as she grabbed a weapon, throwing it to K as she grabbed another for herself. “Take Secily down to the basement,” she barked, turning to Seline. “Barricade the door and keep fucking quiet.” Seline silently picked up the sleeping Secily and made her way down to the basement.
	“We need to be on our guard,” Pete said to no one in particular. “That mist is coming down thick and fast.”
	“Perfect time to be attacked by werewolves then?” JD joked. “You got a smoke?” He grabbed the packet as Pete threw it at him.
	“Tristian, K, you two stay inside,” Pete ordered. “We'll do what we can to stop them getting past us, but if we fall don't hesitate.”
	“Don't you worry,” replied K as she cocked her weapon. “No problem.”

***

	“I can't see a fucking thing,” JD and Pete were stood with their backs to the wall, staring intently at where the hillside should be.
	“Me either,” replied Pete. The werewolf calls were getting more frequent, and much closer. “There's no way they can't know where we are, they're stalking us.”
	“Gotta' say I don't like this feeling,” JD said, quietly.
	“You mean finding out what it feels like to be prey?” asked Pete.
	“Damn right,” replied JD. “Oh shit mate I've had an idea.”
	“Did it hurt?” Pete smirked.
	“Fuck off,” JD replied. “But seriously, why do we have to be the prey?”
	“Are you suggesting that we go hunting?” asked Pete. “Cos I gotta' say that's not an idea, that's suicide.”
	“Maybe not,” JD replied. “Maybe not.”
	Pete watched JD go, and hoped his plan would work. He felt pretty vulnerable, all alone in the cold with nothing but who knew how many hungry werewolves bearing down on him.

***

	“How are you feeling?” asked Janey.
	“Better,” replied Jemma. “I really don't know what to say.”
	“You don't need to say anything,” Trixi said. “There's no harm done.” She reached up and felt the gash on her head. “Well nothing that won't heal,” she added as she smiled down at her sister.
	“But I came so close to killing all of you,” Jemma sniffed. “More to the point I wanted to kill all of you.”
	“Do you still feel that way?” asked Sara.
	“No,” replied Jemma. “I don't.”
	“Then we have nothing to worry about,” Trixi said, kindly. “Now I think it's time we put this planet back the way we found it.”
	She, Sara and Janey stood in a triangle once more, and taking Jemma with them they rose up and hovered a few feet above the ground. The three sisters closed their eyes, and upon opening them a few seconds later the tower disappeared, and the island began to sink back into the ocean.
	“Ah fuck!” Pete yelled as he released a volley of P-90 fire. He couldn't see his attackers but all the same he had to do something, if only to buy JD some time. “Man I can't see shit!” he shouted at no one in particular.
	He could hear the werewolves, the closest of them couldn't be more than a few feet away but the mist was distorting the sound. They may as well have been miles away, but Pete could tell by the stench alone that they were close.
	“Come on you bastards, show yourselves,” he shouted. “Give me something to shoot at.”
	Pete didn't see the werewolf attack him, but it did. One of them managed to get behind him unnoticed, which is hardly surprising when the incredibly thick mist was brought into the equation. Pete felt the werewolf land on has back, forcing him to the ground and lay helpless as it tore at his flesh.

***

	“I hope this works,” JD muttered to himself as he clambered into the cockpit of a fighter. It'd been a long shot, but one that'd paid off in full. It was more by luck than judgement that he'd been able to find a fighter intact. He'd searched every hanger until he had eventually found one, and his heart almost skipped a beat when he managed to start her up at the third time of asking. He taxied out of the hanger as quickly as he could, and carried out a vertical take-off, arming the missiles as he did so. He flicked on the radar and saw what he hoped he wouldn't. Two Rivers was crawling with werewolves, all of them bearing down on the bar. 

***

	Janey dropped to the floor clutching her head. She seemed to be having some kind of fit.
	“What's wrong?” Trixi asked, dropping down beside her.
	“They... they need help,” Janey stammered.
	“Who?” asked Sara. “Who needs our help?”
	“We have to go to Prima,” Janey said, standing bolt upright. “We must leave now.”
	She began to rise up into the air, swiftly followed by her sisters, and with a flash of blinding light, they were gone.
	JD fired missile after missile. He couldn't see a thing, so was working purely off his radar, hoping the mist wasn't messing with the settings. He knew he was hitting targets as the werewolves began to drop off the radar, he just hoped it was enough. He flew over Two Rivers countless times each time diminishing the werewolf presence, although not by nearly enough.
	JD repeated this many more times. He didn't know what else to do. Then he saw an unfamiliar reading on the radar and at the same time he was temporarily blinded by a flash of brilliant white light. When his sight returned the mist had gone.
	He landed the fighter as close to the bar as he could, and ran for cover, tripping over the many werewolf corpses that he himself had slain. He arrived back at the bar and stopped in his tracks, what he saw almost knocking him off his feet. Janey was crouched down crying, Trixi trying to console her. As he got closer he realised Janey was crouched over Pete's mutilated body. He threw up, violently.

***

	“You can't,” Trixi said, trying to hold back the tears. “You can't bring him back.”
	“Why can't I?” Janey choked. “I can do it, I know I can.”
	“That's not the point,” replied Trixi. “We're all going to miss him that's for sure, but that is not the answer.” She paused to wipe tears away from her eyes. “He's dead.”
	Janey silently stood up, her tears gone. Trixi did the same, and the three sisters huddled together.
	“They are going to pay,” Janey muttered. “I shall make them suffer.” JD wasn't sure what was about to happen, but he figured he didn't want to be hanging around when it did. He grabbed Jemma by the hand and dragged her inside the bar.
	“Basement,” he said. “Now!” A surprised Tristian and K followed.

***

	Trixi, Janey and Sara, still huddled together began to rotate. To an observer they didn't appear to be floating, but they were a fraction of an inch off the ground. Their rotation picked up speed, slowly at first but soon they were accelerating at an alarming rate, so much so that unless you knew they were there, you could be forgiven for not seeing them at all. The werewolves that remained on Prima were retreating, sensing they were under threat, but they'd left it too late. As the girls' rotation reached a peak, they stopped spinning, and there was a deep rumbling, dull at first but quickly rising to a crescendo.
	After the noise there was a flash that is all it was. Two or three seconds later it was if the girls had exploded, shock waves rippled out from them, destroying everything in their path, nothing survived. The light faded and the sisters were still there huddled outside the bar, only they and the bar had survived.

***

	“There she is.” Dan couldn't believe that the Marie Celeste, the ship that had almost killed him, was sat unattended on the same planet that he had once come across her before.
	“She's beautiful,” Sara gasped.
	“Good call mate,” Dan said, turning to Trayn, who simply nodded a reply. “OK we don't have much time at all, think you can fly this?”
	“The Reaper?” asked Trayn. “Shit yeah, been wanting to have a go for a while.”
	“I'm gonna' take the Marie Celeste back on my own,” Dan said. “We got some serious reacquainting to do.”
	“Does Tristian know about that?” Trayn asked, laughing loudly.
	“She's cool with it,” Dan winked. “Drop me down right next to her, if I remember rightly it's fucking cold down there.”
	“No worries,” replied Trayn as he took the controls. “You be alright on your own?”
	“I'm a big boy,” replied Dan. “I can handle it.” He turned to Sara and Ged. “Look after him, make sure he don't do anything stupid.”
	“So long as we get back to Earth, he can do what he likes,” Sara smiled, staring straight through Dan at Trayn.
	“Looks like you've pulled mate,” Dan said to Trayn. “Right guys, wish me luck.”
	Dan watched the Reaper take off and waited for Trayn to engage the Half-Light Drive before he boarded the Marie Celeste. She was just as he remembered, the cargo bay opened as he approached her and by the time he reached the bridge, all of her controls seemed to have assimilated themselves with his DNA as she did exactly what he asked of her.
	Dan flicked on the radar, gave it a quick glance and saw nothing, and then lifted off. As he was just about to leave orbit, he noticed what looked like another ship on the radar, but it soon disappeared so he thought nothing of it.
	“Engaging hyper-drive, auto-pilot on,” he muttered to himself as he set a course for Earth, and lit a cigarette. He pulled his flash drive out of his pocket and plugged it into the console. He sat there, smoking and nodding his head in time with the music, before he finally fell asleep, contented.

***

	Dan cloaked the Marie Celeste and sat her in a high orbit around Earth. There were no other ships showing on radar, not even the Reaper. He found this a little worrying. Apart from anything else he needed a second pair of hands to man the guns for him. He switched the com to broadcast on all frequencies before he spoke.
	“This is the Marie Celeste,” he said. “Have I got company up here?”
	“Thought you'd never make it mate,” Dan was relieved to hear Trayn's voice. “We've been up here ages.”
	“Yeah well what can I say,” Dan laughed. “I just can't keep up with you.”
	“Just glad to have you with us buddy, everything alright?” asked Trayn.
	“All good here,” replied Dan. “Did we manage to get that ship from the Russians?”
	“We did better than that,” replied Trayn. “Apparently there were a few ships that even Sara didn't know about and when we went to see her superiors they pulled a few strings,” Trayn paused. “She was none too happy about that.”
	“I can imagine,” Dan smiled. “How many do we have?”
	“Eight including the Reaper and the Marie Celeste,”
	“I reckon that should be enough, don't you?” asked Dan.
	“We'll see,” replied Trayn. “Gotta' say though I'd be more comfortable with a sword in my hand.”
	“You'll get used to it mate,” said Dan. “I'm gonna' need a crew though.”
	“Sara's on it,” replied Trayn. “She says to get into orbit around Europa and she'll meet you there.”
	“Thanks man,” replied Dan as he set a course. “How we doing for time?”
	“Twelve hours,” said Trayn.
	“Well it's good to see we're still cutting things fine,” replied Dan. “I'll be back.”
	He activated the Marie Celeste's hyper-drive and headed for Europa.

***

	“Cerberus on the com Ma'am,” JD said, turning form his seat at the bar to face Trixi. “He says he wants to arrange a meeting.”
	“After what he did?” Trixi yelled. “Tell him to go f...”
	“He claims to have had nothing to do with the attack Ma'am,” JD interrupted. “Apparently that was Johal acting against Cerberus' wishes.” JD watched as Trixi took a long, slow drag on a cigarette.
	“If he wants to meet,” Trixi began, sounding a little calmer. “If he wants to meet he comes alone, and I do mean fucking alone. The first hint I get that there's anyone down here with him, he won't be howling at a moon for a very long time,” JD relayed Trixi's message to Cerberus.
	“He says that that was his intention anyway Ma'am,” JD said. 
	“Then I agree to a meeting,” replied Trixi. “Tell him to come here.” Trixi watched and listened as JD once more relayed her message.
	“He's on his way Ma'am,” said JD as he cut the transmission.
	“Are you in the game Janey?” Trixi asked, turning to her sister. “I need you here.”
	“I am,” Janey replied sharply.
	“We'll give him a proper burial,” Trixi said, kindly. “But after this is done.”
	“OK,” replied Janey. “I'm OK.”
	“That's my girl,” Trixi smiled. “I need you and Sara to do me a favour, just to make sure we don't get any uninvited guests at this meeting. Once Cerberus is here in the bar with us, you think you could put up a barrier?”
	“Of course,” replied Janey.
	“Good.”

***

	Cerberus landed his short range craft and a few minutes later he entered the bar. As he did so an energy field went up behind him, preventing his escape.
	“It's just a precaution you understand,” said Trixi.
	“Of course,” replied Cerberus. “I come offering my condolences, and also my apologies.”
	“You double crossed us,” Trixi said, calmly.
	“It was not me,” replied Cerberus. “I am afraid it was I who was double crossed, it is just unfortunate that it was you who bore the brunt of that.”
	“Well Johal won't be double crossing anyone any time soon,” said Trixi, keeping the same calm tone.
	“If I had gotten my hands on him, the outcome would have been the same,” Cerberus conceded.
	“There are two reasons I agreed to this meeting,” Trixi snapped. “And discussing disciplinary techniques was not one of them.”
	“I see,” replied Cerberus. “What is your reasoning?”
	“Firstly,” Trixi began. “I never want to see you or your kind ever again. You will leave this galaxy and never return.”
	“But...” Cerberus began to protest but Trixi interrupted.
	“No buts... take it or leave it,” she paused. “The decision is yours, although I strongly suggest you take it.”
	“Fair enough,” Cerberus conceded. “What is your second wish?”
	“We need a ship,” JD said.
	“It was my understanding that you had a ship,” Cerberus replied.
	“Did you see one in orbit?” asked Trixi.
	“No,” replied Cerberus. “I didn't.”
	“It was a rhetorical fucking question,” JD shouted. 
	“I'm sure I can spare a vessel for you,” Cerberus said, hurriedly. “Is there anything else?”
	“That is all,” replied Trixi. “Now, get the fuck out.” Janey and Sara lowered the energy field, and they all watched Cerberus leave.
	“Put the ship on auto-pilot and send it down to us,” Trixi shouted after Cerberus. He turned and nodded a response, climbed into his craft and took off. A few minutes passed in silence, and sure enough a small vessel came down, landing gently in the town square.
	“Guess we better go find ourselves a black hole,” said JD.

***

	The Marie Celeste now fully crewed, Dan once more put her into a high orbit around Earth. He looked on the radar and this time saw seven vessels.
	“Have you been in a situation like this before?” asked Sara.
	“Aye, a fair few,” replied Dan. “A fair few.”
	“That's refreshing to know,” Sara replied. “Because I don't think there's another man or woman up here that has.”
	“We'll be fine,” said Dan, calmly. “We've beaten Rasputin before, and we'll beat him again here.”
	“Last time you beat him, he came back,” Sara pointed out. 
	“I know,” replied Dan. “Don't remind me.”
	“Well what's so different this time?”
	“Fuck me you ask a lot of questions,” Dan laughed.
	“I'm sorry,” Sara replied. “That's sort of my job, and besides how many people can say they've been a part of a space battle?”
	“A lot of people that I know,” replied Dan. “A lot of people that didn't live to tell the tale.”
	“Sorry to push,” replied Sara, kindly. “I didn't mean to.”
	“Yeah,” Dan said. “You did but it's OK. What matters is that we're in the here and now, and we're fucking gonna' win this.”
	“Incoming in three minutes,” Trayn said over the com.
	“OK look alive guys,” Dan shouted. “Trayn get the Reaper to the front, shoot everything out of the sky that moves.”
	“Yes Sir,” Trayn replied.
	“Everyone else fall into formation behind the Reaper. If anything gets past her you sure as hell better make sure it don't pass you,” Dan paused. As rallying speeches went it wasn't great, he knew that, but it would do. “We will win this.”
	The Reaper took the lead, heading out into open space with six ships in formation behind her. The Marie Celeste took the rear.
	“They're preparing to fire,” Trayn yelled. “All forward shields to maximum.”
	“There's two peeling off from the back,” Ged came over the com. “They're heading straight for Earth.”
	“I'm on it,” Dan yelled as he wrestled the Marie Celeste around in an incredibly tight loop, and began to chase down the two enemy vessels.
	“They're too fast,” Sara shouted as the two ships pulled away. 
	“No they're not,” Dan replied, a gleeful smile on his face. “They just got a good start is all. Get ready to drop a couple of missiles on my mark.”
	Dan put the hammer down, and the Marie Celeste quickly began to gain ground upon her targets. “Something's missing.” Dan fiddled with the flash drive still plugged into the console, and selected Metallica's 'Unforgiven'. “That's better.”
	He smiled. “Now we can get started properly.”
	As strange as it seemed to her, Sara noticed the difference. The music seemed to breathe new life into the Marie Celeste as she quickly closed the gap between her targets. The enemy vessels were banking this way and that, trying to shake the chasing vessel off their tail, but Dan wasn't about to give up that easily and matched their every move.
	“Arm missiles,” Dan yelled. “On my mark.” He waited a few seconds, and locked onto one of the enemy ships, before calmly saying. “When you're ready.”
	Three missiles launched and accelerated away from the Marie Celeste, and all connected with their target; the vessel instantly destroyed. “One down.”
	“The other is accelerating away,” Sara shouted.
	“Don't talk shit!” Dan yelled back. “Those ships have nothing on this baby.” Dan was right. The Marie Celeste soon caught up with the second vessel.
	“Give me the word,” Sara began. “My trigger finger is all itchy.”
	“I would,” Dan grunted. “I can't get a fucking lock, he's a tricky bastard.”
	The Marie Celeste chased the vessel down, but every time she got close the vampire at the helm would pull an outstanding manoeuvre out of the bag and Dan would have to start again. Then something happened that Dan really wasn't expecting; he watched helplessly as the very vessel he was chasing down pulled up swiftly, and dropped down behind the Marie Celeste.
	“Oh that's not good,” Dan said. “That's very fucking not good.” Now it was Dan's turn to dodge this way and that, trying to prevent the vampire's vessel getting a missile lock on him.
	“We're at thirty-thousand feet,” Sara yelled. “And losing altitude fast.”
	“Where are we?” Dan asked.
	“Somewhere above the Pacific Ocean,” replied Sara.
	“You think we can make it to the surface before they get a missile lock?”
	“No,” replied Sara, sharply.
	“I thought you'd say that,” Dan replied, as he pointed the nose of the Marie Celeste straight down. “I guess we're gonna' find out.” The Marie Celeste gained speed. “On my mark I want you to engage the hyper-drive, just for a second.”
	“What?” Sara screamed. “You're fucking crazy.”
	“Just do it,” Dan replied, calmly. 
	“If you're sure,” Sara replied.
	“I am.” 
	“We've found the closest black hole,” Trixi looked back to the display. “It's not too far away actually, just outside the system.”
	“Do we have the beacon ready for launch?” asked JD.
	“K's just putting the finishing touches to that now,” Trixi replied. “How you holding up JD?”
	“I'll survive,” he replied. “Just wanna make sure we get Dan and Trayn back in one piece.”
	“The co-ordinates are programmed,” Trixi said. “Engaging hyper-drive.”

***

	The friends had fashioned a coffin of sorts out of the best pieces of timber they could find and Pete now rested in the cargo bay of the ship. Janey hadn't moved from his side. She knew Trixi was right, it'd been Pete's time and it would be wrong to mess with the forces of nature in such a way, unless he asked her too, unless he cried out for help. She begged him to ask her, pleaded with him, but Pete remained silent.

***

	“Now!” Dan yelled, and closing her eyes, Sara flicked the switch on and off in a flash. Upon opening them, she was shocked to be looking out onto the blackness of space.
	“How?” she asked.
	“Light reflects off water,” Dan explained. “I didn't know if it would work, but apparently anything that travels at light speed also reflects off water.”
	“You could have killed us,” Sara screamed at Dan.
	“You're still here aren't you?” he asked, laughing loudly.
	“Could do with a hand up here mate,” Trayn came over the com. 
	“Shit son... where's everybody else?”
	“Taken out,” Trayn replied. “I tried my best but these fucking vampires know what they're doing.”
	“Leave it to me,” Dan shouted. “Get the Reaper out of here, I'm gonna' release a few heat-seekers, don't want to catch you with one of them.”
	“You sure?” Trayn asked.
	“I'm always sure,” Dan yelled. “Now get the fuck out of here.”
	“Yes boss,” Trayn replied as the Reaper flashed out of sight.
	“How many do we have?” Dan asked.
	“How many what?” Sara replied. “Missiles or targets?”
	“We got plenty of missiles,” Dan replied. “Just tell me how many I'm fighting.”
	“Eleven,”
	“Thank you,” Dan replied. “Piece of piss.”
	“You think?” asked Sara, shocked.
	“Yeah well look at them.” Sara looked, and saw that every enemy vessel was bearing down on them at alarming speed. “Now what do you notice about them?”
	“Well I guess you're gonna' tell me,” Sara replied. “I can see you're dying to.”
	“They don't have any shields.” As the ships got closer still, Dan armed the heat-seeking missiles.
	“Do you know what you're doing?” asked Sara. “It's not that I don't have any faith in you, but this is fucked up.” Sara watched as Dan accelerated back down towards Earth, the vampire ships followed and Dan waited until they had all closed in on each other before releasing the missiles.
	“I'm impressed,” Sara conceded as the two of them watched happily as the remaining ships of the vampire fleet were completely destroyed. 
	Dan took the Marie Celeste back into orbit around the planet and waited for Trayn to return with the Reaper. They didn't have to wait too long though, and soon enough both vessels were in orbit.
	“Any sign of Rasputin?” Trayn asked.
	“No mate,” Dan replied. “He must have been aboard one of the ships that was destroyed.”
	“We better hope so mate,” said Trayn. “You cleared up nicely though.”
	“Well I'm glad you appreciate it,” replied Dan, laughing. “You OK?” he asked, turning to Sara.
	“I can't believe you pulled it off,” Sara replied. “That was amazing.”
	“It was easy,” Dan brushed it off.
	“Hardly,” Sara replied. “But whatever, thank you.”
	“No worries.”
	“So what happens now?” Sara asked.
	“Now,” Dan began. “We gotta' head back home.”
	“Do you need to leave right away?” asked Sara, a dismayed look in her eyes.
	“We do,” Dan replied. “We have friends back home who are gonna' be wondering what's taking us so long.”

***

	The Reaper and the Marie Celeste set out for the co-ordinates given to them by Sara. It was a fifteen hour trip at half the speed of light, but the two ships eventually came across the black hole.
	“So what happens now?” asked Trayn. “I gotta' say I'm not too crazy about flying into that shit.”
	“We should be fine,” Dan replied. “Run a scan, see if you pick up a signal, hopefully the guys managed to get a beacon up and running.”
	“Fingers crossed,” Trayn replied. He scanned for any signal, but found nothing. “You got anything mate? I got nothing.”
	“I got the same result,” Dan replied. “Switch frequencies.” Trayn did so, and it took a few minutes before he picked anything up.	
	“I got it!” Trayn shouted. “It's weak but there's a definite signal.” The two vessels were in a high orbit around the black hole, not wanting to get too close.
	“Me too,” Dan replied a few seconds later. “Are you locked on?”
	“Yes mate,” replied Trayn. “Are you sure about this?”
	“Not even close,” Dan admitted. “But unless you gotta' better idea I don't see as we have much choice.”
	“Well I got nothing else,” replied Trayn. “I guess we go with it, so... after you mate.”
	“Thanks,” Dan laughed as he dropped the Marie Celeste out of her orbit and headed for the event horizon of the black hole, with Trayn and the Reaper in hot pursuit. “Engaging hyper-drive.” The Marie Celeste flashed over the event horizon.

***

	“Welcome home guys,” JD said into the com as the Reaper and the Marie Celeste exited the black hole. “Glad to see you back, and where the fuck did you get the Marie Celeste from?”
	“Same place we got it from before mate,” replied Dan. “And it's good to be home.”
	“Did you guys deal with Rasputin?” asked Trixi. 
	“We think so,” replied Trayn. “There was no sign of him after the fight. We hope that he met his end when his ship exploded.”
	“So do I,” replied Trixi. “We have some bad news though I'm afraid.”

***

	Dan stood next to Tristian, holding her hand tightly. Trixi, Jemma and Sara stood on either side of Janey, trying to console their sister. K held JD's hand and Trayn, Secily and Seline stood silently.
	They were all staring down at Pete's grave. He'd been buried on Gamma Twelve, on the very farm that he, Trixi and K had lived years before.
	An hour or so later, the friends walked down the hillside, some of them with arms linked, some of them walking alone, lost in their thoughts. They all had the same thing on their minds though, they wanted to send Pete out properly, and they were going to do so by getting blind drunk. 
	“So what comes next?” asked Tristian. “Rasputin and Witter are dead, Cerberus is gone...”
	“I reckon we'll be seeing Cerberus again,” said Trayn. “I bet he wasn't too happy with being told to get out of the galaxy.”
	“I think he was just glad to be getting away alive,” said Trixi. “Janey would quite happily have snapped his neck, and I don't think I'd have tried to stop her.”
	“Too fucking right,” said Dan. “I don't care if he knew about the attack or not, he's gotta' be held accountable.”
	“So... if he does come back?” asked JD.
	“We'll fucking kill him.”


...To be continued.
